The stars are for food only.  I was in a party of 6 + a toddler who arrived on a Friday night with a reservation.  The upstairs was about half filled when we arrived.  Our waitress came to take our order and we asked about the size of the pizza.  She suggested that we order 1 app and 1 pizza per couple.  So my husband and I did just that.  She took the orders but did not write anything down.  While waiting for food, two members did not receive their ordered drinks and had to remind the waitress.  The waters were only refilled once, when we had to request after several of us had already finished the glass.  Then when dinner came a different server delivered the pizzas to us but our ordered pizza was not part of his delivery.  Turns out the waitress put the wrong order in. So we had to wait for another pizza to be made.  By the time it was delivered, not only were we starving but the rest of our group had already finished their dinners and the toddler was ready to leave.  The waitress delivered the bill and stated, since you're a party of 6 the tip is part of the bill.  That felt like insult to injury.  She messed things up and she still gets a pretty big tip for doing minimal work, poorly.  It's one thing to make an accident, but she made several missteps and still didn't write down the orders for the other tables.  I was really disappointed at the service... suggestion- don't arrive hungry and plan to repeat your order.Here's a gimmick that will win me over every time: drizzled honey on a hot, steaming pizza pie.
Nomad got the memo and our decision couldn't have been easier - the Spicy Soppressata. There's just something about mixing sausage grease and zesty garlic with sweet honey that speaks to me. I mean, the milky fresh mozzarella and soft, yet slightly charred dough certainly never hurt either, but that's to be expected on most pies of this caliber. Even though Nomad's pizza could be considered Neapolitan "wet", ironically, the tomato sauce was noticeably still too thin and watery. Other than that, this Spicy Soppressata pick was excellent. 
Our waitress assured us that their pizzas were single-serve, but I'm tellin' you, that's aggressive. Even the most ambitious of eaters at our group dinner reluctantly had leftovers. I split the pie with my wife, after ordering a special salad to share as well, and that seemed to be perfect for us. It was a Woodfired Roasted Corn Salad, employing oranges, avocado, cherry tomatoes, shallots, jalapeños, and fava beans - a nice, refreshing, summery teaser before our spicy, sausage-y main course.
Also refreshing and recommended, if available, is their special Spiked Shandy Beer Cocktail. Nomad's take on the ale and lemonade favorite uses St. Germaine, tequila, (you guessed it) honey, and (you probably didn't guess it) honey-flavored Shawnee Apiarius beer. Despite this onslaught of alcohols, it was decidedly smooth.
Now, I know it's summer and sometimes it's nice to keep all the doors open to catch a breeze, but Nomad was hot as balls inside - hotter than outside given how central the wood-burning store is to the dining room. I think you can see by my praise for everything we ate that we eventually got over it, but it's still something worth noting if you're prone to the meat sweats (or even the regular sweats). Again, as for hot honey on a hot sausage pie? Well, that's some heat I can handle.Hands-down my favorite pizza spot in Philly. The Margherita di Bufala is perfection. The basil is fresh, there is JUST the right amount of chewy mozzarella, and the sauce hits the perfect balance of sweet and savory. The last time I was here, I asked for garlic and they brought out fresh garlic in olive oil instead of the typical dried garlic powder, which impressed me even more. Every time I even walk by the intersection where Nomad is located, I develop a sudden craving for pizza and start salivating like Pavlov's dog. Mmm.Nomad Pizza - oh how I love your delicious crust (aged bread um hum), gooey cheese, and savory toppings (can you say Portabello mushrooms)! I first discovered Nomad at the Pizza Olympics last year, and I can't keep myself from going back for more of their unbelievably wonderful pizza. The classic mozzarella and portabello mushroom are my favorites. Oh, yes - their pizza is so good. Must go there nowCozy lil spot, outdoor seating, wine on tap! All good things, in my book. 
Arancini balls made a perfect bite to start, extra points for serving them with a small arugula side salad. #Greenz
Ended up spilling not one, but two beers (oops) during our stay, and our waiter swooped in to the rescue with a towel almost immediately both times. 
Green dream, margherita di bufala and quattro formaggi were perfect to split between four people. Ordered a side of red sauce for kicks- that was a wise decision.
Lastly, the chocolate coins that come with the bill. The icing on the cake of this very good, very fine meal.The margherita di bufala is superb! The sause, the cheese... ummmm... Just the right taste! Alos had their special summer watermelon salad. Very summery!Amazing pizza! The crust was fantastic, recommend both the margarita and the four cheese. Can't wait to come back.Very good pie. I prefer my pies not only thin crust but more on the well done side, so i like the fact Nomad gets that slightly burnt (but not burnt) crust that holds up well when you lift a slice. 
Definitely worth checking out, both the sausage and pepperoni pies are winnersWe were lucky enough to be invited to the fantastic Yelp party here this week and try all of the great pies.  The location is a little hidden, but the layout and decor is very nice.  I loved the idea of the upstairs bar/projector room/meeting space.  It's a great idea and a smart way to hold your customers in the building for much longer.  
I was very impressed with the staff.  They were all very friendly and added to the atmosphere of the room.  The craft beer selection is good and the wine list is adequate.  I enjoyed the salads, but they weren't anything to write home about.  The star of the show is the pizza dough.  It is a perfect combination of taste and texture.  It's a little chewy, a little flaky, and has a great buttery (almost sweet) taste.  I really don't have a single complaint about any of the pizzas.  I'm definitely partial to the truffle, mushroom, egg concoction.  A really superb pizza.
I'm docking a full star for the menu prices.  These are pretty small pizzas (probably in the 10-12" range), and $16 to $19 for one of them seems a bit much.  Going there for a two hour movie, pizza, and drinks could turn into a very pricey pizza night.MMMMMM Nomad.
I should preface this by saying that my date and I were pretty drunk when we went here, but I really don't think that is influencing my review decision here. 
We walked/stumbled in, were sat at the bar. The service was great and very patient with our slow-decision making.  We tried a salad and a pizza.. the one with homemade mozzarella. The salad was huge, fresh, tasted great.  The pizza was so good.  I wish I had been more sober to better enjoy it but I guess instead ill just have to go back again. The crust was yummy and perfect, the whole thing was delicious. it was cool to watch them making the pizzas too, from where we sat.The three stars here may get an upgrade later, but for now we'll float around the 3.  
I tried Nomad last week but I suppose my first error was getting take out.  I know this isn't the ideal way to try a masterpiece pizza for the first time, but I took the risk.  That said, the pizzas were pretty amazing.  We got the spicy sausage and the shiitake pizza.  The dough was soft and chewy, per all the reviews.  The hardest part was deciding which to get.  
The biggest flaw in the box was.....and this was probably a one time fluke....the pies weren't cut.  Neither of them.  That's right, two whole pizzas fully intact.  Now if I were a Ninja Turtle, I would have folded it over and gone all calzone on it.  But since I had to plastic knife my own slices, Nomad loses some points.  
I will be back, I will dine in, I will order the Margherita, and Nomad will get those additional stars.This isn't your typical pizza from your local neighborhood or dominos- its neapolitan style pizza
The setting layout here is unique.. theres a downstairs with only a few tables and the oven.. theres also an upstairs with a full bar and several tables... there was a huge tv in the middle of dinning area and a movie was playing (no sound).. I went on the wkend so it's pretty busy and loud.
I ordered the brussel sprouts and spicy sausage pizza... the brussel sprouts were good but I wish they were more crispy... the pizza is kinda small, the size is between a small and a medium pizza but tasted good regardless.. the waitress did suggest 2 pizzas or a pizza and a starter, which was great advice
They do have oregano, chilli pepper flakes, but no garlic powder- fresh minced garlic in oil instead. I love garlic so I didn't mind
Service was excellent.. everyone was accommodating and made sure we were good.. they were fast and never forgot anything.. my date's root beer was flat so they gave us another drink and took it off the bill
They offered chocolates (unwrapped) on top of our receipts and I thought that was a little unsanitary 
and should be served on tiny plates instead.. however the place seemed clean so I trusted themOne of the best pizzerias in Philly. The price is good and the pizza is of the same quality you eat in Italy. Neapolitan type (thicker than the roman one), I strongly suggest the margherita with bufala. The Quattro formaggi is good, with an add of onions (weird but approved variation). Beer (moretti) and ambiance will make even the most skeptical Italian in Philly to feel home!This was my second time at Nomad Pizza.  While I was eating my pie all I could think was that I just wanted to jump inside my pizza, curl up on top of it and live their forever.  Heaven pure heaven.Three of us went here last night.  Restaurant is beautiful and service was good.  Unconventional looking Caesar salad was tasty once we requested supplemental caesar dressing as the salad had barely a hint of dressing on it when it was delivered to the table.  Bruschetta was tasty and fresh.  All the pizzas look amazing but the taste doesn't live up to the looks.  The spicy sausage and margherita pizzas were fine, but nothing special.  The tomato sauce just doesn't have a depth of flavor, so the entire pizza is underwhelming.  Nomad gets an A for effort on the gluten free pizza, but it was awful.  Dough in the center was wet and mushy and same issue with the bland sauce as on the regular pizzas.  The waitress was kind enough to remove the $5 surcharge on the gluten free pizza since they couldn't put the pie back in the oven to crisp the center without turning it to a cracker.
Overall, we are glad we tried Nomad pizza and while it was ok, we won't be going back. Alfonsos in Somerville is far superior and has a more extensive menu including numerous more tasty gluten free options.The pizza is absolutely delicious and the beer selections is good too. It's perfect to go and split a pizza and grab a beer with a friend. The menu isn't too extensive but it's simple and delicious. The wait staff is also super friendly and attentive. I've been here a few times and def plan on going back.This was our first visit and we really enjoyed every bite. The pizza was absolutely delicious with thin but still soft crust that almost had a sweet taste to it. The meat on our pizza was smoked and cured. No pepperoni out of a freezer here! There's outdoor seating and inside you can watch them pulling pizzas in and out of the brick oven! Also, gorgeous and delicious salad choices!I competed in a dumpling eating contest hours before going here. And I am not a big fan of pizza. However, it turns out Nomad is not just a great Sepultura song, it's also a great pizza joint in Philly. 
 I was with a group of six and we got five pies, three desserts and beers. The server went went straight to the bar and immediately returned with the beer, a huge plus in my book. We ordered the spicy sausage (2),the arugula with prosciutto, pepperoni, tartufo, and the shiitake mushroom pizzas. I recommend all of them.I been wanting to try this place out for quite some times . So since my nephew was visiting and decided to stop in some stores on south street we decided to stopped in and try their pizzas . The menu is very limited . Most was just pizzas . So we ended up ordering the spicy sausage pizza and the pepperoni pizza . I didn't like the spicy sausage one too much . But the pepperoni pizza was very good . Definitely would come back for more pepperoni pizza .I got the Margherita pizza at Mt. Airy Night Market and I'm a huge fan. While it was a little difficult to eat on the curb...the flavors were delicious. The tomato, mozzarella, and basil were all extremely fresh and it was tastier than most other similar pizzas I've had. Only complaint was that the thin crust could have been crispier.
They bake it in a pizza oven, which was awesome to watch at Night Market. The pizza comes out with that smoky flavor that really enhances the taste.
It's been on my list to see a movie at Nomad, I would imagine the pizza in the restaurant is even better.Nomad Pizza Company is the perfect spot for a casual meal and good gourmet pizza. 
My party of four dined here on New Year's Eve and had a good experience. I called ahead to confirm that they wouldn't have any unwanted holiday prix fixe menu. While they wouldn't take a reservation for such a small group, the person I spoke with guessed we wouldn't have a problem getting a table. He was correct and we were able to sit right down when we arrived around 9-ish. 
First and foremost in importance, the pizza was great. My husband and I split the Arugula con Prosciutto. It was the perfect size for sharing when we were looking for a filling, but not stuffing base before a night of drinking. If you are really hungry, I'd probably recommend getting your own pie (with expectations of leftovers) or a pie plus an appetizer or two to split. The crust was thin but the dough was full. The arugula was fresh and the prosciutto was plentiful. I would not hesitate to order this pie again, and it left me intrigued to try some of the other options. 
I was drinking wine that evening so went with a glass of pinot grigio, but their craft beer draft selection was pretty good. They even had a beer special- $4 for a Long Trail Sick Day IPA.  That's a sick deal, but it's even sicker that they still offered this deal on a holiday! 
We had a little trouble understanding our server's accent so we didn't have too much interaction with him aside from the basics. He seemed nice and the whole meal went smoothly so that's fine by me. 
I did find it a little odd that they had the fans on in the upstairs dining room. It was a chilly night and it made the room a little drafty. Also, the restaurant wasn't super crowded but they insisted on seating all the tables right next to each other. I understand this was based on server zoning, but everyone was right on top of each other and had to reshuffle outerwear when a new group was seated. 
All and all, I'm happy with my experience and look forward to going back again.Really great pizza. Wonderful beer ..great staff. Had a good time here in the city. 
***UPDATE*** 
Yum. super cozy and cute too. Pizza was great. Beer was awesome too. House salad was really simple, could have used some onions or a cucumber maybe. Not just arugula and spring mix lettuce. Taste was ok though.Awesome ambiance and a pretty good neighborhood in South Philly. We split a Truffle Pecorino pizza and Caesar Salad and both were AWESOME!  Highly recommend you try this place. Very cool vibe!Great pizza. The pizza sauce is fresh and tangy. Crust is very good. I recommend the margarita.The pizza is really good. Sometimes I think it needs a little more seasoning, but it's still very tasty and reasonably priced. The staff is super nice and accommodating and attentive. Personally don't love the group seating. Definitely recommend for "fancy" pizza. Also, the movie nights on the 2nd floor are interesting.We order the Spicy Sausage and it was amazing along with the strawberry beer and the spicy sorpressatra. Spicy but good!!Stopped in for a quick bite with some picky little ones... After our very patient waiter fielded questions about the ingredients, we ordered a spinach, margarita, and pepperoni pizzas with the house salad. The adults in the party had a draft beer and red wine. The pizzas and salad were out in a matter of minutes... The communal table made for a fun atmosphere and being near the brick oven kept us warm and the kiddies entertained. Pizza was excellent with fresh organic ingredients. The house salad was simple and very good. Best part was that we were in and out in under 40 minutes!! Definitely going back to Nomad for my pizza fix.Really everything I hoped it would be.
I tried the pizza truck at the Chinatown Night Market, and it was love at first bite, so I'd been anticipating the opening of the Philadelphia location for a while.  I finally had time to make it in on Good Friday.  The atmosphere is stylish but casual (I love the red chairs), and the staff were friendly and personable.  I find communal tables at least a little awkward, but I expected that based on photos of the Hopewell location.
On to the pizza...great.  The crust is crispy and chewy, just right.  We had the spicy soppressata and the tartufo.  The tartufo was fantastic, with a perfectly cooked egg on top heaps of shitake mushrooms.  yum.  The soppressata was also tasty, and definitely has a fair amount of heat for those of you who are sensitive.  The wine and beer lists were both nice, and appropriate.  I also liked that they have a daily $4 special from the beer list.  Tiramisu was delicious for dessert, as well.
I was happy to see that they have taken comments from patrons and made changes accordingly, such as providing pizza cutters, and stemless wine glasses instead of plain small glasses for wine.  On that note, I have another suggestion:  Applegate Farms is a quality company, and relatively local, but I really don't like their product.  I've purchased their food before at Trader Joe's and I just don't think it tastes good.  Why not take advantage of the fact that you're literally steps from the Italian Market and get your meats there?  It would taste so much better.  The soppressata pizza was really missing something, and that was authentic, high quality cured meat.  DO IT!  Either way, I'll be back.I have been to Nomad in Hopewell, NJ several times and am a big fan of the pizza. After I found out the same Nomad was in Philly, I had to go check it out for myself. 
The 7th street location is more casual than the locust street site with several large tables and an open kitchen/ brick oven ( a Nomad special). We got the margherita and the truffle and LOVED both. The key to any margherita pizza is the sauce and Nomad nailed it home with the perfect tomato sauce. The truffle pizza has a lot going on ( mushrooms, egg, truffle oil.. etc) but if you are open to new flavors, definitely give this specialty pie a chance. The thought of raw egg on a pizza didn't appeal to me at first, but this pizza quickly changed that. Oh, and they give you a chocolate coin with your bill. 
I hear the HH deals are awesome! But not all the speciality pies ( aka the truffle) are offered on the list.Had the corn pizza special and it was great. It had corn, peppers and mozzarella. I just wish there was a little more cheese on it. We sat outside an the ambience was really cool, there was a 3 string jam band playing which was awesome. The only think negative was that the tables had stools with no backs so I couldn't sit back an relax.On my first visit to Nomad Pizza, I immediately knew I was in for an amazing experience. 
It wasn't the hipster-chic decor or the welcoming, laid back wait-staff that gave it away (nor was it the mouthwatering menu that I had obv. meticulously perused online before visiting)- but rather it was the Italian chatter echoing from various different tables throughout the large upscale-cafeteria style dining room that told me I was in for a great meal. It speaks volumes to me when guests are natives or native speakers of the cuisine's country of origin - almost authenticating the experience as they offer an  (un)spoken "seal of approval"- (see what i did there) . This was indeed the case at Nomad, and it was an indication that proved to hold very true throughout my dining experience. 
I've been to Nomad several times since my first (nirvana-like) experience and I can't seem to emphasize enough how refreshing the pizza is and how reminiscent it is of authentic Italian pizza. A trip to Nomad is a splurge in every way: pricey, hoppy IPA's and pizzas tasty enough to independently devour in one sitting (or was that just me?), but all well, well, well worth it, in my opinion. 
I typically don't eat meat however when the prosciutto/ arugula pizza was placed in front of me, I simply could not resists. and I'm glad I didn't. I think this might be my favorite pizza...in philly...or ever. not sure yet. The mushroom pizza was really delicious too and I found out that you can add red sauce to any of the white pizzas (or vice versa) if you want to. Can't go wrong with the marinara, margherita, or margherita de bufula either. The ariancini were mediocre- but it could have just been an unusually dry batch. Nonetheless I will still probably stick to just pizza from now on. The beer and wine list seems to have a little something for everyone, too. I had a malbec that was great and was relieved to see that they also serve allagash white, which accompanied my pizza excellently on another occasion. 
Each time I have visited Nomad, our server has been extremely helpful and attentive, pointing out daily specials, preferred items etc. It's also just a fun and laid back environment- great for an easy meal or date night. They even have a big screen and movie showings...last time I was there they were playing Sandlot- NEED I SAY MORE??I'm really impressed with Nomad. Tonight was fantastic: I was in and out of there with a fantastic to-go order in two shakes of a pizza's tail. Like, mere minutes.
Their product is excellent, the environment is very pleasant, they've got late hours, and a personal thing: there's none of that BYO BS -- they've got a full wine selection. 
(It remains totally mysterious to me why locals love the BYO, when the wine you can buy from the state stores is a literal abomination. Not to mention, am I supposed to be carrying around a wine bottle just in case the mood strikes? Ridiculous concept.)
Anyway back on point: the soppresata pizza's king, the shitake is subtle and fantastic, and the root vegetable salad of beet and carrot is a giant smiling emoticon of yum. 
They even have regular thrilling movie nights!
My one beef, and it's small: I haven't seen anything chocolate on the dessert menu. After a nice neopolitan pizza and a glass of Cab, my soul needs chocolate.
PS I've seen a review or two citing soggy pizza middles. I have not experienced that -at all. It's definitely the fatal flaw of Barbuzzo's far inferior pizza, but for me anyway, a total non-issue here.Top notch business. Not only is the food incredible, the service was very quick - even on a crowded evening. Great food, along with a solid tap list - makes this an easy recommendation. There was a slight problem with the check, but the manager, Anthony, handled the situation in a prompt and professional manner!I really enjoyed it here, was with a group of friends and everyone enjoyed their food. We had 4 pizza's and a couple of the starters. Tiny place, a little on the dark side but great menu and attentive staff.I've given Nomad a second try, and I'm keeping my 3 stars the same. I went for their movie night and my date and I split 2 pizzas. The movie was Annie Hall, which was great, but it made me nostalgic for New York, and New York pizza in particular, which Nomad is not. They're keeping up their silly pizza cutter thing, and now after my second try, I'm more confident in saying they should nix that idea. It just takes too long to use their dull pizza cutter and the pizza's cold, with awkwardly shaped slices by the time you eat it. The pizza is pretty good though, nuthin' amazing.Fantastic pizza, fantastic beer. Overall, a bit pricey but this is my favorite pizza place in Philly.I'd previously written a review of In Riva saying that it was the best pizza in the city.  That review is now irrelevant as Nomad pizza Allen Iverson-high-stepped-over-Tyron-Lue after hitting a three pointer in the 2002 NBA Finals'd In Riva.
I'm not even going to describe the pizza.  Its amazing.  Best in the city.  Just go.  Order two pies.  I regretted only getting one.  The Spicy Sopressata and Margherita were BANKINK'We're regulars at the Nomad restaurant in Hopewell Boro, NJ, so we were looking forward to trying out the newly opened Philadelphia restaurant.  It's mainly organic, local, and seasonal, and features a quite creative menu.  I enjoyed the roasted root crop salad (lots of beets and carrots, along with arugula and cheese).  We then had the mushroom and potato pizza, which was amazing.   It was piled high with three species of mushrooms and was wonderful.  Pizzas are cooked in a huge wood oven and the crusts are delicious.  They also have a nice list of draft beers and encouraged us to taste them first.    It's a pleasant building, very well designed and tastefully decorated.  Upstairs, they often have movies which you can watch while you are eating.Nomad Pizza - you're the best pizza in Philly ! Wood fired pizza baked fresh, a good beer selection in their location, a simple clean location. Nomad pizza makes life better, especially the portabello mushroom pie ! We discovered Nomad at the Pizza Olympics last year, and have been going ever since. Such a yummy pizza pie. A bit pricey, but worth the "dough."After 7 days in the hospital, this was my first stop after getting out. The dough was super great, kind of like Naan. The green pie was a good blend of veggies and pesto. We'll be back!Best pizza in the city IMO!! But what do I know I'm not even Italian I just really love carbs. I am confident  when I say I could easily polish off a whole pizza here by myself in probably under 20 minutes, I will resist they urge for now because it's May and I have 5 more months left to be able to wear shorts and crop tops until Philadelphia turns into a frozen wasteland again-- at which point eating whole pizzas is necessary to stay warm. 
Butttttt anyway, this place is ideal, I accidentally went to the wrong location (lol) when meeting friends last time and had drinks there, it was just as good as this location just a different vibe since its in a very different area of the city. I generally get the prosciutto pizza to share and then wish I had ordered one to eat by myself, the beer selection on tap is amazing, generally local and always seasonally appropriate. It's also cool they have a full bar now and I'm pumped to come here for one of the free movie screenings. Much love Nomad may you exist forever :))I had the pleasure of enjoying this delicious brick oven pizza truck at the piazza's winter market this weekend. As I quickly opened up my yelp page to review this delicious pizza, I was beyond excited to learn that they are opening a place in Philly! 
I had the plain and pepperoni pizzas and wow both were amazing though I have to say I enjoyed the pepperoni more. The sauce was sweet and the pepperoni was generously place over the pizza and deliciously salty. They obviously use fresh ingredients and I absolutely love the crust from the wood burning oven. 
My only complaint of this tasty pizza was that it would be my first and most likely last time I would ever enjoy it and I am beyond happy to learn that will not be the case. I will keep my eye on the opening of their pizza place near South st. for sure!Absolutely delicious pizza.  The crust is just right, nice and thin and doughy, but not too much and just the right consistency.  You can tell a lot of thought and care went into making these pizzas.  Our group had the Truffle Pecorino, Arugula Prosciutto and Shitake Mushroom, all were outstanding.  Good selection of craft beers to go along, it was a great meal.they sold me a  pizza which was ordered by another customer who did not like , it was  little cold  ... guys if you have something you stock with sell it with a promotion !!The pizza here reminded us a lot of the pizza in Italy- cooked in a wood-fire oven, served with a fork and knife. Cozy place with a tiny bar to eat and a very long table for people to share. I believe there is an actual bar upstairs. They serve beer, wine, and a few cocktails as well. We ordered the spicy soppressata and margherita pizzas. Loved them both!Nice beer selection coupled with outstanding pizza.  We did a mini-pizza tour including Pizza Pronto, Lorenzos, and Barbuzzo and Nomad was the best pizza.Nomad is excellent - the best pizza in Philadelphia.  The beer special makes great pizza even better.  I love the Spicy Soppressata, and the Arugula Salad and the Roasted Roots are items I've made meals on their own more than once.  
Eat here!I was able to try Nomad Pizza while at Night Market on South Street recently.  We went early enough and the line was fairly short.  They sport a food truck with a built-in wood burning brick oven.  The ingredients were fresh and mouth water even before it took a trip to the oven.  We went with a half marg / half pepperoni.  Both were of equal parts amazing.  Having been to Southern/Central/Northern Italy, I've been able to sample a lot of pizza stylings.  Their Neapolitan style crust and flavors were reminiscent of some of the great pizzas I've had while in Naples.  It is by far the best pizza of that style I've had in Philly...ever.  I know they have a storefront on South and I'm eager to make that my go-to pizza stop while in the area.Yummmmm!
My friend suggested we try Nomad for a night in of pizza, beer, and a movie. The walk seemed like it took forever but it was worth the wait for me. We got there and I wanted to try EVERYTHING! Unfortunately, neither my budget or my belly would allow for this. 
We ended up getting the spicy sausage with broccoli rabe (it was a special that night) and the truffle pizza. We got both with the thin crust. 
While we were waiting we had a beer. The the best part was that the beer we wanted was on special and only $4!! Score! 
It didn't take very long for the pizza to come out and I could hardly wait to take a bite! It looked so amazing, especially the truffle pizza with the fried egg on top. 
When we finally got to the house it was go time. We opened up the boxes and dove in. The beautiful runny egg and the truffles, ahhh what a combination. It was divine! But who can go wrong with truffles and a fried egg? The real test...was the spicy sausage...and I was pleasantly surprised. The spice wasn't overpowering and the broccoli rabe added that green touch to make you feel like you were eating something that was healthy. I hate to say it but it was love at first bite and I cannot wait to go back and try some of their other delicious pizza!Pizza is decent but staff is absolute crap.  Saturday afternoon staff was so bad i am done with this place.The pizza here is amazing. The dough is what really makes it. I've tried their vegan marinara, truffle peccorino, and bufala...The bufala was definitely my favorite. The truffle one was good, but there definitely a lot of flavors going on at once. Their vegan marinara has a nice little spicy kick. They dont take reservations unless you have a party of 6 or more and there was a 40 minute wait on the weekend. So we ended up doing take out and they were ready on time. Love this place. Parking can be a little tricky in this area.Amazing. Got the arrancini to start and then the Quattro fromaggi and arugula con prosciutto. Drinks were delicious, and service was amazing.  I was so excited to see they served Mexican Coke. My mother loved the arrancini balls and the pizza was so good- those burnt edges of wood fired pizza are me favorite. Staff was so friendly. Loved it! Great intro to Philly!I seem to really be lucking out with excellent pizza in Philly. First, the Pitruco Pizza truck, then In Riva... but Nomad Pizza may just take the, er, pie. Our first impression was, wow, this is like if Pitruco had indoor seating and air conditioning and booze. But, after we had our pizza, we felt like Nomad really set itself apart. The quality of ingredients sourced from local farms and producers is very impressive. Another thing was the crust - Nomad offers a choice between regular or Romana crust - we got the latter, which is thinner, and really works well. We liked that the ingredients, besides being local, are really creative. We got a spicy sopressatta pizza that was drizzled with honey and sea salt - the honey caramelized in the pizza oven and added a really different dimension to the pizza. Throw that in with the excellent wine and beer selection, and this is definitely a place we look forward to hanging out at more often.Upon further consideration, this deserves 5 stars.
I organized a conference dinner here for 25 people and it was a big hit.Not a big fan of the fried ravioli. It was a bit over cooked with minimal filing.  The marinara sauce and arugula were good. 
The pizza is delicious.  Spicy sausage with pepperoni and shitake mushrooms additionally added.  The crust was soft and cooked perfectly it off the wood fired oven.Really good pizza, I'd say the only "upscale let's eat out pizza place" in Philly that's worth it. Salads are only average, didn't try any other apps. Good beer selection and usually a special beer that is a good deal. Probably would be a nice first date spot with good atmosphere + good beer + pizza (everyone likes pizza).Join the tired middle-aged parents upstairs for happy hour, having delectable thin slices, fancy salads (with goat cheese, beets, etc.) and chilly delicious draft beers while the kids are transfixed by the silent cartoons projected on the wall. Great food and free babysitting. Is this heaven?Excellent Trenton style pizza, came to my seat in less than 5 mins. Awesome environment and great craft beer selection. Highly recommend this place.Five stars for outfitting a truck with a wood burning brick oven! This truck was a highlight of South Street's Night Market. The high powered oven churned out margarita and pepperoni pizzas, keeping the line moving faster than most. 
At $5 for a half margarita (4 small slices) it was a great deal. Nomad's crust was nice and bubbly, and the thin pie had both crunch and chew to it. Add to that fresh mozzarella, basil, and a tangy tomato sauce and I'm sold as a returning customer.MAN , when you want a pizza you want a pizza. This place is OK but the staff is a little shakey
on experience. We were asked 5 times what we ordered. They ran out of ROOT BEER and
had the nerve to give us the last of the barrel , very warm  and charge the full amount. The
pizza is thin crust . The spicy SOPPRESSTA is out standing. For the prices we have had better 
and got more.So I never write updates for reviews, but I am so in love with this place I just had to write more. Since my initial visit  a few months ago, I have returned many, many times. I probably come here close to once a week or every other week, and sometimes even twice in one week. In fact, if I had remembered to check in each time I was here, I have no doubt that I would be the Duke of Nomad. You might be thinking "but it's just pizza!" Well, I've tried every pizza on the menu except for one. The tartufo and spicy soppressata pizzas are THE HOLY GRAIL of pizza, with the spicy sausage, quattro formaggio and prosciutto and arugula not far behind. The dark haired female server is super down to earth, relaxed and approachable while still providing great service. And they play 90's songs, which will win me over at any establishment. And there's always a good craft beer on special for $4. I have introduced several friends to this place and they all end up falling in love with it as well. Keep up the good work Nomad!Absolutely phenomenal pizza. I am a huge pizza aficionado. I regularly make my own pizzas from scratch. I rarely find pizza that is better than my own.  The truffle pecorino pizza is one of the best flavored pizzas I have ever had in my life. A perfect balance! The egg in the center really elevates this pizza to the next level. I think the crust could use a touch more work. I thought it was slightly underdone. The top was pleasantly burnt but the undercarriage was slightly underdone. But I am really nitpicking here.  This will be one of my mandatory stops anytime I'm in philly!Really great pizza if you like very thin crust. Probably the best pizza I've had  outside of Europe. It's a little pricey but quality costs money. The service is fast and pleasant and  it's baby friendly (our new challenge). Takeout is also a winner. If you want thick crust pizza go to Santucci's in Bella VistaWent to Nomad on Locust last Sunday. We've gone to the 7th st location many times and were usually very satisfied. However, this time on Locust was not good at all. Ordered the meatballs with broc rabe. They were ok and served with kale. Kale is not even close to broc rabe and the waiter made no mention of the substitution. Now for the pizza... I've never seen it rolled out with a rolling pin before. It was undercooked and flat as a pancake. Not good at all. Hopefully this was just an off nightDelicious, delicious, delicious. Crispy charred crust and yummy toppings. And friendly, helpful service too. But here's the rub. Two single-serving pizzas and no drinks = $41 after tax and tip. Which makes this a very occasional treat rather than a regular haunt. Also, a $2 upcharge for adding red sauce to a mushroom pizza which is already $16 seems a little bit churlish. Anyway. Good but Expensive. Birra is down the road and is Good and Affordable. Shrug.It's a shame that I learned about this place in my last few weeks in Philly. Hands down one of the best pizza spots in Philly. I'm from New York so my pizza standard is high. Ridiculously high. And this place surpassed my expectations. I had the shiitake mushroom pizza as well as the pepperoni and both of them were great (if you can only choose one, definitely go for the shiitake!). I also love the fact that they play silent movies. I've seen bars and other places play movies/tv shows, but what's the point if you can't hear anything? This is perfect. It's great for a date, family gathering, or just to hangout with friends. Don't be like me and find out about this place at the last second, try it out!Whether grabbing take out or sitting in, Nomad has always proved to be a solid pie. The specials are interesting. The employees and managers are super friendly. I recommend it to everyone.Nomad is good pizza.  Neapolitan style pizzas at their very best. 
You simply MUST order the Quattro Formaggio;  garlic overload (in a good way) and perfectly caramelized onions.  A cheesy wonderment.  But you should also get the Spicy Soppressata done "Roman style,"  i.e., a wafer thin crust and toppings end to end.  The Soppressata is out of this world.
They provide you with pizza cutters (sometimes) which is pet peeve to me.  Just cut my pizza before you serve it please!  The acoustics in the upstairs can get VERY loud at times, making it hard to hear.  Those are my only two complaints;  seriously this pizza is good enough to deal!Simple and tucked away off South Street, Nomad boasts some of the best pizza in Philly.  Local ingredients and a perfect crust make these pizzas even hard to resist for me, and I'm not a pizza guy!  There is always a nice draft beer and wine selection and great service.  Because it's summer, I have been choosing to sit outside and enjoy the sun but the bar upstairs is cozy and rarely crowded.  The movie nights are fun and a nice way to break up the week.  Really, it's a great all around place with the perfect vibe; great food and good times.Best pizza I have had in Philly. We've tried four different toppings and they were all amazing. Good beer list and some pretty good cocktails too. Service was also spot on, very friendly and attentive. I'm definitely going back.Just when you think you've tried it all in Philadelphia's dream-like pizza scene, here comes Nomad Pizza Company. I'm not sure where the establishment name comes from, but I will assume that all pizza places begin their story with hungry, wandering Philadelphians, seeking to satisfy their primal cravings of fresh baked dough, tomato sauce, and cheese. And Nomad Pizza Co. does just that. We ordered the "Truffle Pecorino," a fire-baked pizza with fresh buffalo cheese, mushrooms, truffle oil, and an egg baked right in the middle of the pie. Our server broke the egg open at our table, taking spoonfuls of yolk and swirling it around the pizza. He then lovingly (yes, it appeared he took great joy in this) cut the pizza and offered fresh black pepper. Although we decided to go sans alcohol, there was a nice selection of local craft beers, ales, wines, and ciders. The ambiance felt clean, warm and relaxed. But Nomads also felt classy, like visiting your wealthy friends who are blissfully unaware they are rich, i.e. quality without the pretense. I recommend this place highly!They came to the Manayunk StrEAT food festival this weekend, and I had to give it a try. Really...I'm conflicted. I liked the pizza. I really, REALLY liked it. The crust was well done, and they got the topping ratio right...but biting in didn't create an explosion of flavor in my mouth. I never got that "oomph" to really take it to the next level.
Yeah, I know, I'm going in with an unreasonable expectation here, but somehow their pizza hovered around really good instead of great.Excellent pizza! we ordered the 2 pizzas:  Pecorino Truffle pizza and the spicy sausage which was plenty to be shared by a party of 3.  Both pizzas were delicious. The spicy sausage was yummy but i really enjoyed the pecorino truffle pizza because it was somewhat novel for me.  Fresh Egg on pizza??  The Pecorino Truffle was heavenly since it was laden with fresh mozzarella di bufala, truffle oil, shitake mushrooms and perhaps the best part, a fresh egg - that was spread all over the pizza when served.  Complex, rich, creamy, utterly DELICIOUS :) The crust was glutinous and chewy with the right amount of char. yummy.  Nice to know that some pizzas can be ordered roman style or on thin crust.  We also got the roasted beet salad that served over greens and peppered with chucks of chevre.  They have tons of wine, beer, and even cocktails. The had quite a few beer on tap and it was someone embarrassing that my friend and I were indecisive about which ones to get. Never fear!  The staff here was kind/super accommodating!  Our server gave us several samples/tastings which was incredible helpful.  Warm and welcoming setting, tastefully decorated.  Looking forward to coming back ;)Fresh, seasonal ingredients and pizza cooked to perfection make this a wonderful pizza place! Sit upstairs if you can to be treated to the silent movies that had us chuckling over our beer and wine. Perfect for a casual night out.We love the pizza here. Yes the pies are smaller and more expensive. But it is worth it. Baked in a wood oven gives the crust a good taste and the crispy burnt bubbles. The spicy soppresata is our fav. The nutella banana dessert pizza is also really good. If you eat in, get an ice cold root beer in a frosted mug. Or you can get a pie to go.Amazing pizza with a decent craft beer selection. Their best part is the service. I was there with a friend and his son, and we found a power ranger on the seat. We ended up putting it on the shelf behind the booth, and left it there. We were several blocks away when we heard someone call to us. We turned around and the hostess had run all the way out there to deliver what she thought was the kid's lost toy! Sadly we had to let her know that it wasn't ours.
I'm burying the lede here, so I'll say that the smoked mozzarella, kale, and spicy sausage pizza had so much flavor that worked well together.Most gnarly pizza, broskis. I had some at the little (or huge) pizza olympics event thingy tonight and the cheese was all moist and flavorful. Most awesome pizza!!Sat outside.  Had some good beer.  Had some really tasty pizza.  The kids loved it.  The adults all seemed pretty happy, too.  I shall return.When I mentioned to a friend that I usually don't love the pizza in Philly, she proposed we try Nomad. The upstairs space is a bit distracting between the noise level and the silent films playing across the wall, so it's hard for larger groups to have a conversation here. We shared the Caesar Salad (tasty, with a nice distribution of dressing throughout the wedge) and the Arugula Salad (light). Then we split 3 pizzas among 5 girls: Margherita di Bufala (delicious - my favorite of the 3), Arugula con Prosciutto (good flavor), and the Truffle Pecorino (a little too heavy for my taste between the truffle, cheese, and egg). After my meal, I can say that Nomad is definitely among the better pizza spots that I've had in Philly.The boyfriend and I stopped in last Saturday afternoon for lunch when I was waiting for my iPhone to be fixed at a store nearby.  
We split the Caesar salad, which was pretty good. Bonus points for the anchovy slices!!!
We also split the margherita de bufala pizza which was DELICIOUS. It was a little smal to split for 2, but I was glad we got the salad. 
It was $26 for the meal, which wasn't bad but I wish it would've been a few bucks cheaper. Totally worth it though. 
We'll be back next time were in the mood for pizza. 4.5 stars!Nomad is delicious with a great happy hour.  Fresh ingredients with a naan esque dough make it one of my favorite pizza places.  Check it out!Seriously, cannot get enough of this place. Hands down best pizza in Philly. Some of the best pizza I've ever had for that matter.I went for the first time with a group of 15 people for a friend's bday and it was one of the best pizza's I've had in a while! I like the chill atmosphere the restaurant has- it allows for people after work to come in, but also families as well. Also they have big enough tables that allows of 15 or even more! Great place for big groups. 
We went in right before Happy Hour ended so was about to get a beer, margherita pizza and pepperoni for HH price. The Margherita pizza was good, but nothing too special. 
We also ordered the risotto balls, truffle pecorino, and shiitake mushroom (perks of going as a big group is being able to try many different kinds of food :D ) 
The risotto balls were pretty good, but nothing noticeably unique about them. As people have said, the truffle pecorino is definitely good, but the best pizza of the night for me goes to the shiitake mushroom. A couple of us thought that was the best one as well. It was something I have never tasted before. The caramelized onions and mushrooms work really well together. I would definitely get this again. 
One thing to note is that the crust is pretty good as well. Usually, I leave the crust and eat the "good" part, but the crust is pretty tasty here. 
Will definitely come again and try out the other pizza's they have!After trekking about 20-30 minutes to the south part of Philly, we came here. It was recommended by a friend of ours and we found the place to be yummy!!! They have really thin crust pizza and thin crust.  I recommend the regular thin crust margarita.  For 10 people we ordered:
3 margarita pizza
2 Roman margarita pizza
1 bruschetta
1 Mozzarella with tomatoes-the mozzarella was so fresh, never tasted anything like it!  The next time I'm in Philly, we are definitely stopping here.Nice place to go to for some quality Neapolitan style pizza. The restaurant is 2 floors with a bar upstairs and outdoor seating downstairs. They have quite a few options for draft beers. I sampled the lavender beer and it really tasted like lavender so I opted for a more traditional IPA. 
For dinner, I had the sausage pizza. It was a tad spicy but it paired well with the onions. It's a bit pricey for pizza, but I appreciate that they use  quality ingredients. They also have a happy hour with pepperoni and margarita pizzas for $10!Nomad Pizza - oh how I love your delicious crust (aged bread um hum), gooey cheese, and savory toppings (can you say Portabello mushrooms)! I first discovered Nomad at the Pizza Olympics last year, and I can't keep myself from going back for more of their unbelievably wonderful pizza. The classic mozzarella and portabello mushroom are my favorites. Oh, yes - their pizza is so good. Must go there now.Love Love Love Nomad!! By far my favorite pizza in philadelphia. My boyfriend and I can put down some food so we always get an app and 2 pizzas. We try a new pizza every time we go so it's safe to say I've tried most of what's on the menu and everything has been great. Salads are always yummy and I'm not a salad lover. Pizza is gourmet style and always fresh ingredients. Makes a huge difference. Definitely try the truffle pizza and the arugula with prosciutto. Beer list is okay, I usually go for their old fashioned or a glass of wine instead. 
Restaurant itself is adorable. I like how the bar is separate from the dining area. There's a big communal table for parties and best of all is the movie screen that plays movies. Usually silent films :) service is great and quick. No complaints about Nomad!Nomad is is probably the best best pizza experience I have had living in South Philly. Don't get me wrong, there are a lot of honorable mentions some of which are closer to my home. Nomad Pizza is very tasty and has amazing staff! 
I went with the truffle oil pizza with the egg in the center of the pie. It was absolutely amazing. Every bite down to the crust made me just want more. Luckily, I did save the second half for dinner the next night. I plan to be back here soon.
Also, really enjoyed the $4 select craft pint when I was there on a Tuesday night. It was Victory Prima Pils which complimented pizza very well. Midmeal that was replaced by another equally tasty darker beer (sorry didn't catch the name of it). 
I cannot say it enough, the staff is very friendly and accommodating here.I'm a critic when it comes to Neopolitan style pizza, having experienced the beginning of the wood-fired Neopolitan revolution in the US early on at the fantastic Punch Pizza in Minneapolis. This is some of the better Neopolitan style pizza I've had all over the US.
I had the spicy sausage pizza. I think the crust was quite good (chewey and slightly blackened as it should be). There was a minimal amount of sauce as is typical. The sausage was a very fine crumble, something I wasn't quite expecting. The caramelized onions added a bit of a sweet flavor. If I were to nit-pick a few things... there was a little texture problem between the fine crumble sausage and the very limp onions due to the caramelization. I would probably forgo the caramelization in favor of just a slight softening of a sweet onion in the oven as the pizza bakes so there's a bit more body to them. I would also go for a bit of a thicker crumble on the sausage. Finally, I would take the spice factor up a notch, nothing I couldn't solve with a dash of red pepper flakes but if I'm ordering a pizza with spicy in the name I expect it to be a bit more spicy.
Overall I'd recommend Nomad if you like Neopolitan style pizza and you're in Philadelphia (or one of the New Jersey locations). It's not the absolute best I've ever had, but it's up there, and much better than many.Got the soppressata pizza and the Quattro formaggi to go and both were excellent. Definitely one of my top 5 pizza places (which includes Pizzeria vetri!)Since visiting Rome six months ago we have craved the pizza we got there.  Philly pizza is very good for the most part, but there was something spectacular about Roman pizza.  I can't believe it took us this long to visit Nomad... I don't know that I'll be able to go a week without  eating pizza from this place.  It is Roman pizza at its finest.  As a fan of pepperoni I went with that and OMG.  It took all of the restraint I had to not eat the entire thing.  
We also started with the roasted veggie plate as an appetizer.  It came with some type of greens, beets, and carrots with a balsamic glaze.  This was one of the most amazing things I've eaten in a while - I will be craving this daily.  I love vegetables when they are done right and that was damn near perfect.  
They also have a really nice selection of wine and beer - and apparently do movies upstairs on certain nights of the week.  We plan on coming back and catching a movie sometime soon.
EAT PIZZA HERE!This place is the real deal. Take it for me I travel anywhere for great brick oven pizza. This is probably one the top three next to Arturo's in Maplewood New Jersey and Roberts  in Bushwick Brooklyn.Came here on a Tuesday night with friends. Tuesday is buy-one-get-one-free! Buy any pizza, get a regular margarita for free! What a great deal. And the pizzas were delicious. 
My favorite was the truffle pizza... It was probably the best mushroom truffle pizza I ever had. Packed with flavor, you must love truffle to love this pizza! Yumm. 
I also loved the onion/arugula pizza, it had a delicious pesto sauce base and was drizzled with honey for a tad of sweet kick. Delicious! 
We also ordered a meat pizza with sausage and other types of meat, which I didn't try, but my friends loved it. 
Lastly the Prosciutto/arugula pizza was very good. And the free Margarita pizzas were delicious. 
Decent beer selection, and nice price of $4 for one beer 'of the day' which they chose. 
Great service. I also was surprised it was not packed for he Tues BOGO night. We added 2 additional people to our party at the last minute and they were very accommodating and fit us all no problem. 
My friends say this location is better than the center city/gayborhood location, so I'm glad i got to try the original for my first time. 
I'll definitely come back! Great pizzas. And great prices. Friendly staff, and no wait times. 5 stars.We were able to stumble on Nomad while at Night Market in China Town. Just ordered the Margarita pizza that was split with friends. Needless to say it was delicious!
Obvious pizza was good because prepared with all fresh ingredients. Dough, cheese, sauce etc...and made right in front of you. 
Yum!Even in a city overflowing with incredible Pizza, Nomad rises to the top of the heap.    The crust is ever-so-slightly blistered and chewy, and the toppings are phenomenal.   They also have an excellent beer list, and great happy hours deals.    One Caveat:  the pizza does not travel well *at all*.   It needs to be eaten within minutes of coming out of the oven.  I actually only sit downstairs so that I can be closer to the pizza oven.This is the best Philadelphia pizza place for authentic italian-style pizza by far.  Wasn't able to find anything close since leaving Italy a few years ago...until yesterday.  Will be back.Can't go wrong
Excellent pizza. Light, full of flavor, makes you feel good. The crust is wonderful. Just the right amount of chewiness and flavor to support the rest. The sauce is fresh and vibrant. The Marinara is the most basic, a bit hot, which I really like. If you like hot, get the spicy soppressata. This is crack disguised as pizza. The combination of the spicy ham, sauce with hints of honey- party in your mouth.Favorite restaurant in the city!! All the pizzas are amazing but the soprasetta is a personal favorite. Get in before 7 for great happy hourThis place was AMAZING! My fiance and I are vegetarian and of course I made it difficult since I wanted a specific pizza...add mushrooms from another pizza, add spices from another pizza, etc etc. But the server was SUPER nice about it and did it exactly the way we wanted it (despite me being so picky ha!) The pizza was very flavorful and the mushrooms we got on it were plentiful and scrumptious. The crust was also perfectly done! 
We ordered the croquettes which I wish were a little more crispy on the outside but the inside was perfectly cooked with yummy cheese in the center.  Also, it came with an amazing arrugala salad which was perfectly dressed in dressing! Unfortunately, the fountain machine wasn't working the day we went so we were unable to order any fountain drinks but my fiance did get a Mexican Coke which was great (coke tastes better in bottles anyway, right?) 
Would definitely come here again! Great food and great service!i had been fortunate to taste nomad for the first time during a YEE. took me a minute to make my way back, but the verdict is: still delicious!
the ceasar salad was perfect. the pizza was perfect. the beer on special was perfect. all around, this place will get more business from me in the future.This place is phenomenal!!! Ordered the Margarita and Green Dream pizzas, friggin' AMAZING! My boyfriend and I tried both types of crusts (the thicker and thinner versions offered) and they were airy, light, and just the right amount of crunch. The staff was also very friendly and helpful in our decision to select which pizzas to try off the menu as it was our first time at Nomads. To top off an amazing pizza experience we were given chocolates made in-house for a sweet ending to the evening will definitely come again!The Roasted Root salad was excellent and the Truffle Pecorino pizza was delicious, l loved the way they drizzled the egg yolk over it. Service was a bit slow but we didn't mind, they were busy. Definitely some of the best pizza I've had in Philly, will be going back there!We had a coupon for a free pizza at Nomad, so we couldn't wait to go here for a date night. Just our luck, right around Halloween, they had a screening of the Rocky Horror Picture Show! A sweet transvestite musical AND free pizza? Surely, a dream come true.
We split a truffle pizza and the blue cheese salad, and they were both delicious. It doesn't seem like they sell our pizza anymore, but I'm sure that all of the varieties are equally good. The crust was perfect and they do not skimp on high quality cheese.
We also had some seasonal fall beers with our food, and then made our way upstairs for the movie screening. I loved the atmosphere of this place, and I was glad that we were able to score some good seats and stay there for the entire movie without feeling like we were overstaying our welcome. This was a great idea for a date night and I'd love to do it again! I will be keeping any eye on their movie schedule from now on - looks like they are showing "It's a Wonderful Life" on December 23rd!My husband and I were recently on a trip to Philly and this place was suggested to us by a local.  This place is great.  We ordered one pizza and a salad and that was plenty for the two of us.  The staff was very nice and helpful and the beer selection was great.  If I am ever in Philly again, I will eat at Nomad Pizza Company!Unique selection. Superb ingredients. Terrific service. It all adds up to a great dining experience, and all at very reasonable expense. We gave Nomad a try last evening (4/4) and are delighted to say we feel it's the best pizza in the city. We found the flavors deep with taste and well-balanced. The crust was especially good; delicious on its own and not just a "vehicle"  for toppings. The salads match the pizza in quality and are generous enough so that two can share. 
We want to offer a special note of praise to the servers who made certain we were pleased with our dinner, explained the menu selections and food preparation with care, and made us feel welcomed and comfortable, throughout. 
We're already planning a return dinner and bringing as many friends as we can. Discover this wonderful restaurant for yourself -- Nomad is a Philly treasure!I'm a big fan of Pizzeria Stella's thin crust, Northern Italian pies, so I'm always dubious  that other pizza joints in Philly will even come close. But Nomad Pizza has its own thing going--artisan pies with fresh, quality ingredients. I highly recommend the sweet and spicy sopressata pizza topped with mozzarella, basil and drizzled with local honey. A wonderful combination. Another plus: A small, but decent selection of affordably priced beers and wines.Really delicious pizza in the South Street neighborhood!
During Happy Hour you can get the Margherita, Marinara, or Pepperoni for $10. We opted for the Pepperoni, Arugula con Prosciutto, and Truffle Pecorino pizzas. 3 pizzas for 3 hungry people turned out to be more than enough-- we were stuffed!
All the pizzas were great. I loved the doughiness of the crust. The Truffle Pecorino was especially delicious-- savory and egg-yolky and heavenly. (And it has mushrooms, so you can pretend it's healthy!) My only gripe is that the pizza got a bit thin and soggy in the tip and middle, leading to a lot of sliding/dripping off of toppings.
Pleasant service and a cool cozy decor topped off a great experience.Saw the great ratings and wanted to try it.  Had to sample many of the pizzas and they all did not disappoint.  Really enjoyed.Very good pizza. We usually get the margherita, but have tried since with toppings and they're also good. I seem to remember one with sausage standing out at one point. The best part is that they're extremely kid friendly. We feel right at home with our squirmy 1-2 year old. They have a movie playing upstairs, although it's more suited for older kids.Stopped in for dinner tonight and ordered 3 pies (Two cheese and one pepperoni). Overall, the pizza was ... soupy. The crust was gummy, and the sauce was watery. The cheese had a decent flavor, but it wasn't fully melted. The pepperoni, however, was very good: lean meat without much filler and plenty of zest. The staff was helpful and friendly. I just wish the food was as good as the service.Highly recommended by locals while visiting Philly.  The Margherita Pizza was so good. We also tried the arancini and the tiramisu which is make on premise.  One of the best I had.Delicious authentic Italian style pizza located just north of the Italian market. Hidden gem on south street, that you could easily walk bye. Definitely a must have if you are in Philadelphia.Rainy Friday night pizza at Nomad!
First thing first - it is much bigger than I thought it would be.  I had never been to the restaurant that was there prior so when the hostess led us upstairs, I was quite (pleasantly) surprised.  I thought it was going to be a tiny place that in turn, might mean a wait for us.  So, no wait for us after coming in from the rain and a small table to two on the 2nd floor.  Also on the 2nd floor is a large communal table running in the middle of the dining area.  This might be worth requesting on my next visit since our table was by a window that while high, made our seats quite drafty. 
Alright - enough about our table...onto the food!
We originally planned to order one salad and one pizza to share.  Our server offered up some specials one being a roasted root vegetable salad over greens with a balsamic dressing.  Sounded tasty so we ordered up one of those and one quattro formaggi pizza.  The food came out on the double and was tasty and just what we needed to go along with our wine while continuing to dry off from the rain.  
But we weren't finished there.  While almost through pizza #1, we kind of got order envy when we saw a margarita pizza at a nearby table.  So......we summoned our server and ordered one!  It was a great decision, arrived quickly, and I can't decide which pizza I liked more.  One drawback to all of this...I HATED cutting my own.  It took time away from the eating part of dinner.  
No dessert this time around although maybe next time we'll save room for that Nutella pizza! 
Despite the yumminess of the food, I have to finish this out by saying that I think the wine pours were a bit expensive and not very generous.  This won't keep me from coming back (especially for movie night) but I would definitely like to visit when happy hour is going on...considering I am a girl who loves wine with her pizza!Love nomad for a casual meal.  Their specialty pizzas are awesome (ask about Roman vs Neapolitan styles). We've been to both locations a few times. Both have a similar vibes but the Bella vista location is a bit more low key as you might expect. The seating is made up of long benches so be prepared to sit with/close to others. Nomad is great for a Sunday night meal before the work week.Delicious pizza, great beer selection, cute waiters, fast service. Tad pricey for what you get though.I only give Nomad two stars bc I love pizza. But that's it. This pizza is so undercooked it barely even stays together. This is my second time getting pizza here and it is exactly the same as last time. I live within blocks of this place and always wanted it to be good. It's not. 
It is overly expensive and not worth the money. Plus they advertise a buy one get one on Tuesday but fail to show that is dine in only. 
Overall, cold undercooked bland pizza. Don't waste  your time.My first experience with Nomad pizza was rather solid.  We ended up doing two pies to go and we chose the Spicy Sausage and the one with the truffle and fried egg.  Damn am I a sucker for a fried egg on anything.
Since we walked in and ordered, we had about a 15 minute wait.  We decided to rough it by chilling at the awesome bar upstairs.  I opted for a glass of wine while I waited.  They had Prima Pils on special for 4 bucks.  Pretty awesome.  I wish I didn't give up beer for lent.
Sure enough, in about 15 minutes the dude at the front walked up and informed us that our pies were ready.  Happily I payed the tab and we collected our pies to go.  I noticed two different size boxes and it must have been because we chose "Roman style" for the crust on the sausage pie.  It seemed to me that the dough was just rolled to a larger surface area which gave the pie a thinner feel and made it more crispy.
The pies themselves were awesome.  Really thin crust on both (moreso on the sausage).  The truffle pie was rather amazing and the egg easily withstood the 5 minute walk home.  The sausage pie really was also delicious with the fennel from the Renaissance sausage really being a dominant flavor.
My main complaint was that I had to cut the pie myself.  Other reviewers have noted that their pies were not cut either and alluding to the pie being "italian style."  During my travels in Italy, our pizza was always cut.  Now, perhaps I only ate at touristy spots or all pies are cut in Rome because it's such a highly traveled city.  I've also not been to Naples so perhaps there is something I don't know.  Either way, it was a tasty pie and I will definitely be back for more.For this type of pizza, I would not go anywhere else other than Nomad. I recommend every pizza they have on the menu. My husband and I have tried them all and we can't pick out our favorite yet. Great food and great atmosphere!I had a margherita pizza from Nomad at the Manayunk Festival and it was pretty good. It was piping hot out of the oven, and the pizza dough crust was really chewy. The sauce is a bit sweet and there was basil on only two of my slices, but I was pretty impressed as far as food trucks are concerned. Definitely on the pricier side at $12 a pizza, but it was a pretty decent size and for once, I didn't regret eating from a food truck!I've been to Nomad many times and usually have a good experience, but the last few times that I have sat at the bar in this location the service has been awful. Rude staff, slow and basically ignored my guest and I. I've never written a bad review before, but was so upset by the service tonight that I felt it was warranted.I love Nomad. Love, love, love. It's my favorite pizza place in Philly. Why? The crust actually has flavor- like it has flavor all by itself. It's tangy and chewy, crispy, and just a little blistered. 
The ingredient ratios are spot-on. Two of our favorite pizzas: the margherita and the truffle pecorino with the oozy egg.
But it's not just about the pizzas here- the salads are delicious and can definitely be shared between 2 people, but my bf and I can't resist each getting our own. The arancini and mushrooms aren't perfect, but they are addicting and we somehow order them every time.
The nutella pizza is always fun to get. I wish there were more banana slices on it, and I not-so-secretly wish it came with a side of ice cream, but that would be a little gluttonous.
As far as how to order, for 4 peopl...like 2 guys and 2 girls... I recommend 1 app, 2 salads, 2 pizzas, and 1 dessert pizza.
It would be amazing if they could mix up the menu a little and offer a few more seasonal pizzas with season-specific ingredients. Then again, that would mean more excuses to go back and try them all!My favorite pizza place in the city! Great service and awesome beers!! Need to try all the every pie on the menu before I move. I want to apply for employment here to steal their recipes. If thats legal. If not sue me.The roasted vegetable starter doesn't seem like it should be anything special, but it's spectacular. One of the best things I've eaten in ages. And then the pizza is really fantastic. Crispy crust, plus amazing ingredients on top. 
Today was my third time at NoMad, and it was better than ever. I really think it's one of the best places to eat in all of Philadelphia.I never thought the best pizza I've ever had would have come out of a truck...
The Nomad Pizza Truck catered a wedding I went to recently. The pizza was served buffet style - They kept pumping out pies and slicing them up so you could take different slices of different pies - I tried them all! The crust is fantastic - cooked in a wood-burning oven right in the truck - it's thin and crispy, but also chewy - a good, satisfying chewy. The ingredients are all super fresh, organic and locally sourced. My favorites were the spicy sausage, pepperoni and shiitake mushroom, but they were all really good. The spicy sausage pizza was delicious - the sausage was so flavorful and was cooked perfectly. The pepperoni was amazing, in nice big, thin slices - the best pepperoni I have ever had, just the right amount of greasy and crispy. Everything was just really, really good. If you get invited to a wedding or event that you might otherwise not want to attend, if Nomad is there, you should definitely go. Do it for the pizza, you won't regret it.Excellent little pizza stop, they make a delicious margarita pizza! 
We ate here on our way back from a small family trip over the weekend and it hit the spot for all of us. It was fairly crowded with people, but we still managed to find some seating outside. The wood fire oven really makes these pizzas stand out from others. That along with some super fresh toppings and crust that's cooked to perfection, makes for one delicious pizza. It's going to be a little more expensive because of this, but totally worth it for you pizza lovers!I am thrilled that Nomad Pizza has joined the neighborhood, and I hope it can give Stella a run for its money.  The crust is chewy with a slight crisp, not overly doughy but just stiff enough to contain all the cheesy-toppings goodness.  
We ordered the mushroom special that night and a margherita.  Though I did love the special, I actually really loved the margherita.  The ratio of cheese to tomato sauce was perfect and allowed all the subtle flavors to come through.  
My only complaint is that this place is a little overheated.  Okay, okay, I know there's this huge oven (and thank goodness because it makes fantastic pizza)...but it gets a little hot.  Don't sit downstairs--you will roast!We came here when I was 10 months pregnant and our server took it on herself to point out any ingredients that might not be fetus-friendly, even going into the back and investigating which cheeses were pasteurized and safe for me to eat. 
The dough was just the right amount of crunchy yet chewy, and all of the ingredients tasted really fresh and flavorful. There are times when all you really want is a fancy pizza, and I'm so happy Nomad is now around the corner to fill that need when the mood strikes!I am delighted to have Nomad join the many other restaurants in the area - I live 1/2 block away and stopped in yesterday on their first night open. Lots of servers in black shirts running around. The crowd upstairs was noisy and mostly in their 20's - no problem however. We moved from our first table under a window since cold air was descending on our heads - the whole room was a little chilly. Service was great - attentive and fast. The wine glasses are like Mom's juice glasses - no stems.  We would have preferrred sitting downstairs near the warm brick oven since it was a cold night but the place was very busy on the first floor . Anyway, no complaints about the food - we got the spinich pizza  - it was so tasty. A little salty for my companion but I assume thats from the two cheeses. The crust was a bit doughy not crisp but I like it that way.  Prices were very good I thought - $16 for the 12" pizza - enough for two - and $6 each for glasses of Pino Grigio. We skipped appetizers figuring the pizza would be filling - it was.   I will be back soon. The menu is limited with maybe 8 different types of pizza versus 20 or so around the corner at La Fourno. Maybe they can gradually expand the selection.Our new favorite Pizza.  Friendly staff, fresh local ingredients.  Great beer selection.  Awesome place to go with a group so you can try many pizza's.  My go to favorite is the arugula pizza.  Great salads and apps- a little weak on dessert.  We have eaten here several times and plan to go back many more!!They have authentic wood-fired pizzas which are simple but top notch. All the other dishes that I have tried here are quality.  The only place that I go to for pizza in Philly.Nomad Pizza, I'm gonna tell you what I told our last neighbor, Horizons:  If you're upstairs in the joint, I can spy on you from my window down the street. Let that creep you out for a moment. 
The pizza-cookin' aromas on my street are enough to drive me quite mad. Instantly suddenly starving, they make me. The temptation always looms in the air. I don't walk by on the way home without thinking, "Hmm should we..? Wait no, dude, that one you really loved is like 18 bucks." It's true, having a nice wood-fired pizza place on your block tis a blessing and a curse... and a curse...
So to save any reader of this review a lot of time, I'll close this window into my own personal pizza turmoils and I'll tell say: I like what Nomad Pizza is doing.
I like that they use a variety of excellent, fresh, local products on their pies. Quality is there. I like their pizzas' thin, crispy-chewy, charred crusts. I like them especially as featured supporting the Spicy Sausage or the Arugula con Prosciutto pies. Those are my favorites so far. It's a tie. Sometimes I'd really like the crust a little crispier, but that's my thing. I like that Nomad has $4 beer craft beer specials, and that they hold chill events such as movie nights. Fun neighbors. "Welcome to the block, pizza neighbor," I say. Now can I borrow a cup of pizza? Or maybe boxes and boxes?Not so great. My husband and I visited Nomad Pizza on a Wednesday night and were seated immediately. We were so excited to have a new pizza joint in the neighborhood and one that was seemingly good. We ordered the house salad to start and then the spicy sausage and margherita pizzas. The house salad came out and it was simply mixed greens with a little bit of salad dressing. Not good and not worth $6. We waited an hour for our pizza. No joke. It was really bad. Our waitress was extremely bad as well. She hardly came over to us to ask if we were okay - once in an hour and we watched table after table get served before us. Our pizzas came and they were just okay. I really liked the crust, but given the wait and our annoyance they would have had to be outstanding for us to even consider coming back. The best part was when a couple sat down next to us and were told about the specials. There were specials? I would have loved to hear them! They received their order in no time (they had a different server). We waited forever to get our check and we couldn't wait to get out of there. Sorry Nomad. You need to do better than this.After studying abroad in Italy, I thought pizza was kinda ruined for me. Nothing could possibly compete with my favorite pizza place in Florence. While I definitely wouldn't say that Nomad is better, it comes damn close to the quality of pizza I was used to in Italy. 
The atmosphere of the place was exactly what my boyfriend and I were looking for, relaxed, easy, and cool. My boyfriend's one complaint is that their bar doesn't serve Yuengling, THE Pennsylvanian beer. But they did have a pretty good variety of other wines/beers. All in all, we're really looking forward to going back, hopefully during one of their movie nights.Yum Yum and more Yum!!!!!! Hands down my FAVORITE pizza place in Philly! You've gotta try the margarita pizza! I frequent Nomad about once a week these days (YES it's that good!) Great decor, inviting and extremely cozy atmosphere! TRY NOMAD PIZZA COMPANY!!!Went here with a party of four. We got three pizzas to share which was enough for everyone. Margherita, spicy soppressata, and truffle pecorino. Pizzas were delicious. The others I was with said the truffle pecorino was great, and my favorite was the spicy soppressata. Also had the blue cheese salad which was good. Decent beer selection. Will definitely be back.Spicy sopressata. That's all you really need to know.
Service can be hit or miss- we've been comped items for salads that took forever. The arancini appetizer, recommended by our server, was one of the most bland pieces of food I've ever put in my mouth. Fried rice and cheese that tasted like nothing.
Stick to the pizza and a $6 glass of wine and you'll leave Nomad feeling pretty great.The is one of those places that serves an ambiance. Pizza looks okay. A little pricey menuAfter reading the menu on the website, I knew I had to make it over to Nomads to try a taste of their artisanal pies.  We sat at the only table open on the first floor.  I was surprised to see this place so crowded on a Wednesday night.  From the time I entered the building until the time we left, the customer service was excellent.  I ordered the Margherita di Bufala.  
While waiting for my pizza, I struck up a conversation with the owner.  He asked me what I ordered and I explained how I was excited to try buffalo mozzarella for the first time.  He explained to me that the cheese is made from water buffalo (who knew).  We had a good conversation about the wood he uses and cheese.  He bought out a plate of sliced buffalo mozzarella with a reduction of balsamic vinegar and olive oil for me to try.  
My pizza arrived with nice char marks on the crust.  The crust was thin, and had a chewy texture.  They use quality ingredients and you can taste the difference.  This place definitely has excellent pizza!All that I had was flavorful and well prepared. Sat near where the owner handed the pizzas to the servers. He gave them clear instructions on which table to go to and info on what he was handing them. He did it clearly and was nice to them. Good vibe. 
The center of the pizza was a bit limp and wet. The outside was a bit over-chewy. I'm wondering if there's a way to cook the middle more. The guys at Stella lift the pizzas toward the top of the oven-not sure Nomad has the same ovens though. 
The tiramisu rocks but I wasn't offered dessert. Had to ask. Owner should have the servers at least offer dessert. More money spent. 
First rate experience. Servers are a bit post-hipster oddball. My kind of folks.OK! Oh wow-so I just had my 1st experience at Nomad Pizza Co. I'm definitely a fan.
Ordered (for pick up) spicy sausage pizza, caesar salad & tiramisu. The sauce, the dough, the cheese & the sausage on the pie were all perfect;  just sweet, creamy, crusty and spicy enough for my taste.  My caesar salad was delicious as well and I am a caesar fanatic. Cold, crisp, full bunches of romaine, lined up & sprinkled with parmesan and anchovy over a big crunchy flat crouton, perfectly presented and waiting for the drizzle of zesty home made dressing, served on the side. It was so delicious and I ate it all so fast, that I was at the tiramisu in minutes. By this time, I new I wouldn't be disappointed & I was right. The soft spongey rum cake and creamy mascarpone were dusted by a heavy hand with milk chocolate shavings. I really liked this meal. It's important to remember though, that when you get pizza in a box to go, it does steam. Get home fast and enjoy. I didn't even share any with my dog, Smooch, who kept barking through the entire dinner. Sorry buddy!The blue cheese salad with pears and balsamic is delicious! We also very much enjoyed the arugula pizza, which was savory with a subtle bite. The soft, slightly blackened, chewy crust is perfect with the melted mozzarella and olive oil. Looking forward to trying the truffle pizza next!It may have been the time and expectation I had of the place, but I probably won't go back. We got seated upstairs on a Saturday and it was a little too loud for conversation. But then again, there was a party next to us and a movie on behind me. 
The pizza was okay - I don't even remember what I order because it wasn't memorable. I just remember the pizza was a little undercooked and doughy. The pace of the meal was really off too. We ordered a bottle of wine and two pies, and it all came out at once. It felt like 25 minutes and we were full with half a bottle of wine left. 
Anyways, all said and done, our bill for two was just north of $100. Not bad for date night plus breakfast. But, WE LIVE IN PHILLY AND EAT WELL, so like I said, I probably won't go back.Delicious fresh pizza. This is my go-to when I want great pizza and great beer. I usually can split a pizza to save some money. I would say this is the best pizza of South St. ...Unless you want new York style... then wait in line at Lorenzo'sI started going to Nomad's NJ location, as I drive past it on my way to/from work, when it opened in Philly I was BEYOND ecstatic that I could get this delicious pizza closer to home. In my humble opinion, this is the best pizza in Philly. If you're aiming for authentic Neapolitan style this is your spot. Better than Stella, or wherever else you've been going. The pizza is delicious, thin crust, brick oven, fresh local ingredients - the pizza comes full of flavor, even if you're a traditionalist like me and got for the Margarita. The arugula salad is also a favorite. And you can't go wrong with the beer specials.Woohoo is right. This pizza is the real deal. After living in Italy for nearly 3 years, I can confidently say that this is the best damn pizza I've had since living la dolce vita. This is not your American pizza. This is legit Italian pizza. Buonissima!Best Italian pizza in Philadelphia! 
Waiter was very nice. Great food and great service. Will definitely return!Amazing pizza, fresh ingredients, but pricey.  Hasn't stopped me from returning several times in a month already. Definitely try the qauttro!The Margherita di Bufala is the one pizza I wish was a person so I could marry it. Best margherita pizza I've had with an inexplicable chewy/crispy crust with fresh mozzarella, basil, and the perfect tangy sauce. 
It's really hard to stop thinking about how delicious Nomad's pizza is. "Nomad was all I thought about for the next two days." So accurate.
Yeah, it's that good. A must try!Nomad is excellent- I have been twice already. Its very gourmet, classic neapolitan pizza. as far as I know, you can't find pizza like this in philadelphia. It tastes like you are dining in italy. fresh local organic ingredients come together to make simple taste perfection. also, funky atmosphere and great beer selections. you MUST try their truffle pizza (also known as the Tartufo), it is to die for. YUM!The crust is spot on, much like the pizzas you'd get in Italy in terms of the blistery, slightly sooty, yet chewy taste and texture. The sauce and toppings, though, is where things kind of fall short. In my opinion, the flavor combos are relatively pedestrian, and all the options really seem to be 10 different variations of the same few ingredients. (You know how it feels when you're looking at the menu in a hoagie shop, and it looks like there are 35 different sandwiches on the menu until you realize that they're all comprised of some combination of prosciutto, genoa salami, sopressata, capicola and provolone. Well, this is kind of the pizza version of that experience.)
To be fair, my experience could be skewed by the fact that it was so cold upstairs that our pies were cool by the second slice. They do have a well thought out beer selection. It's slightly disappointing, though, to say that the Victory root beer was the star of the evening.best pizza in philly! service is great and also a good beer selection! parking is kind of a painNomad Pizza is def my new favorite pizza place in the city - and best of all, it's in my hood!
I came in here recently with my BF and girlfriend, looking for a place to eat a good meal on the cheaper side. I am a big fan of thin, Neapolitan type pizza that doesn't taste like your eating a cracker, and this place hit the nail on the head!
The three of us split two pies - the spicy soppressata with basil and honey, which was a-mazing, i literally could have ate the whole pie by myself. We also had the quattro formaggio with shitake mushrooms, truffle oil, garlic and a sunny side up egg on top - wow. The flavors on this pie were amazing, almost too good and on the rich side for me, but my bf and friend loved this one. We polished off both pies with no trouble - what - so - ever.
The service was excellent and they had good beers on tap, as well as a Flying Flish draft on special. I really like the decor and the communal table that makes you feel like your sitting half inside and half outside. Prices were fair and standard for gourmet pies in Philadelphia - approx 13-18 - depending on ingredients.
I also found out that they play movies in the upstairs on certain nights - although I havent hecked that out yet, i plan to stop in for one of of those nights.
I will def be making more trips to Nomad. Thumbs up for another great foodie spot in the Bella Vista/Queen Village neighborhood. Just another good reason to live here!The food was great and I'd like to eat here again, but the CDC side of me says stay away:
Excellent pizza.  
Fantastic roasted root vegetable salad.  
** DISTURBING LACK OF HYGIENE. **
Our waiter sat eating pizza in between serving us.  He had what looked like a herpes sore on his mouth and cut our pizza with dirty, unwashed looking hands, and an open blister on his thumb.  It was one of those moments where I should have said something but instead now wonder if I have contracted herpes.  By the time he brought us the check he had a band-aid on his hand.  Also, a staff person walked through the dining area with her hand submerged in a clear container of what looked like feta cheese, which she was mashing through her fingers as she walked.  Uuugh.  Just gross.I had an opportunity to have some slices here at Nomad.  I think I have to agree that the crust of their pizza is very good, but the middle of the pie is droopy and soggy.  Sauce is good.  Cheese is good.
"Beer of the Day" deal is very good.
I will give it another shot before making my final verdict, but 3/5 for now.Loved it. Blue cheese tasted great. Neapolitan pizza has basil. Found parking close enough. Family style seating along super long tables are just right for indoor space. Ac inside. Waiter explained the menu and welcomed our first visit. My wife and I thoroughly enoughed our peaceful Sunday visit.A haiku for the waitress who served me on Saturday.
A Pleasant Surprise
Face like that of an Angel
You get a good tip
Seriously, best pizza I've had, got the spinach, in the greater philadelphia area easily. And wait staff was bustin their humps but provided excellent speedy service. The personal size pizza was a perfect size for me and left me completely full and satisfied. They also had beers on tap, none of which I tried because I was about to go get my neck pierced at Infinite, Alcohol=Blood thinner. This place and Ishkabibbles can take my money all they want. For realzy though waitress, next time I come in there I'm probably gonna try and get ur number, i'm just sayin.There is a lot of good pizza out there. Pizza is a lot like bacon in that it is always good - unless you get stuck with really crappy frozen pizza in a bar at 1am. However, when you start to talk about the 1% of pizza - Nomad has to be in the conversation. The spicy soppresatta is amazing, the tartfuo pizza at the Hopewell, NJ location is ridiculously good, and the grilled Caesar salad with anchovies is a must. If you haven't been to any of the Nomad locations, you should add them to your list of places to try. Who can say really what the best pizza truly is? And in some ways it depends on the style you grew up liking - but if you like thin crust, wood fired pizza, this is the place to be.This place has the best Pizza in Philadelphia!
Try the pizza with mushrooms, egg, and truffle oil.What a perfect, delicious pie.  Good work, Nomad, these were absolutely delicious and it was great having you in the Piazza for a few days!  Unfortunately it's very hard for me to get to you for lunch, but I'd be back if I could!  Those big, deliciously salty pepperoni slices, that soft but still crispy crust, that sweet sauce... love it, and I'll definitely try to get to your storefront sometime now that I know it exists!
You're welcome back in NoLibs any time!Heard about this place being famous for pizza in Philly, so had to check it out. Came with a group of 4. Initially they told us it was a 20min wait and we were debating getting a box to-go, but the hostess checked upstairs for us and said there was room at the bar. Luckily, there was a group leaving a sit-down table w/ couches, so we grabbed that. 
Very interesting/nice layout. They have a projector onto which they were playing the Three Stooges. Layout allows for ppl to be free to mingle/eat/sit down/stand up and chit chat. They had a pretty good beer selection. We got an arugula salad to share, which was a generous serving and delicious w/ bits of walnuts, goat cheese, and cranberries. For pizzas, we split a spicy sausage and a margherita. The spicy sausage pizza was bangin. The thickness of the pizza was jussst right. The sausage bits were out of this world tasty, and the whole pizza just melted in your mouth. The margherita was a lil more generic.
Overall, a delicious and FUN place to nom nom on some delicious pizza.After reading the reviews, we were looking forward to trying the pizza at Nomad.  We ordered the Margherita pizza as well as the Margherita Di Bufala.  I am sad to report that we found the pizza to be fair at best.  Cannot understand all of the glowing reviews for this pizza.  The pizza crust was rather "gummy."  With each bite of the pizza, I liked the sauce on the pizza less and less.  Oh well.  Our pizza search continues.Definitely see why this is listed #1 pizza restaurant on Yelp. Pizza is great, salads are huge & delicious, good variety of top beers, nice ambience upstairs, comfortable place on a hot summer day. Couldn't have been more perfect!Awesome pizza. We tried the margherita and the truffle pecorino pizzas. Both were fresh and came out perfectly cooked. Crust had good texture. They don't skip out on the toppings or cheese. 
I will certainly be back.This place holds a special place in my heart . I went here with a friend a few weeks ago.  I had a delicious pint of Victory Summer Love Ale, and we started with fried mushroom ravioli and had the most fabulous truffle pecorino pizza.  Oh. My. Goodness.  It was so good.
Anything with a fried egg on top is amazeballs.   
It was vegetarian, and as a carnivore, I didn't miss the meat at all. 
Our server was also really kick ass and it was overall a great dining experience.  We sat in the room with the big movie screen.  
Why is this place so special? Because since then, I've gone paleo and no longer eat gluten, cheese, or eggs.  All of which made this meal so fantabulous. 
When my cheat day comes up, I'll definitely be back for some delicious gluten-cheesy heaven.After sampling more than half the pizzas and apps on this mouth watering menu, I can assuredly tell you it's not easy to make bad decisions when having lunch/dinner at Nomad.
Expect a chewy/doughy, yet crisp, crust with a hint of burnt flavor derived from their brick oven. Vegetarian's have an attractive variety of options including 'Shiitake Mushroom', 'Quattro Formaggi', and 'Margherita di Bufalo'. Meat eaters try the 'Spicy Soppressata'. The 'Meatballs' and 'Arancini' (apps) will give your taste buds pleasure as well...
Not BYOB, however, decent selection of red/white wines and craft beer. Staff is friendly and prompt, do expect a wait if you show up on a friday night with your significant other (not long though). NO Reservations... On the northeast corner at the intersection of S. 7th Street & Kater StreetI walked over to look at the menu and try pizza the other day. I stood at the storefront for a while trying to figure out where what this new place had to offer. No one said "hi", I was just getting glared at by about five hipsters who looked like they worked at the place. I turned my gaze to theirs and waited for a "hello".... No response. So I started to speak and they went back to not paying attention to me. I guess they had other things to do like whine about life and compare trust funds. I will wait a while and give this place another go so maybe I can pay them some money and get some of this pizza I have been hearing about, if that's not to corporate for the staff of course. Review will be updated once I procure some of their food.
I returned with friends to get pizza. This time we went and decided to not leave after our wait. It was almost déjà vu. We went upstairs as directed and waited another ten minutes for the floor staff to acknowledge us. The pizza was delicious and farm to fork quality as promised. But it was $44 before tip for two pizzas (which are about a dominos medium size) and two beers. So this place does deliver on quality but because the service is poor (punctuality and caring is too corporate for these fools) and the price is relatively extreme I will refrain from returning anytime soon. Three stars for quality but that's it.Ok, so the pizza is good... usually. I tell people it's the best! The service the last time I was in though, left a bad taste in my mouth. We arrived with a view up the hostesses skirts who were sitting and reading books... but hey maybe some wouldn't mind the show... after we sat, we asked the bartender what the happy hour special was because we went for happy hour and he only told us the drink specials... We order 2 pizzas, 1 was served ice cold...we paid our bill for full-priced pizzas and left only to hear another server describing our pizzas as the happy hour special. I do not like being blatantly deceived so it will be difficult to head back to this place despite the decent pizza. It's a shame :(Best. Pizza Crust. Ever.
I first came here with Colleen D. and fell head over heels in love with the tartufo and spicy soppresata pizzas. Many places in the city do a pizza similar to the tartufo, so I was not unfamiliar with the truffle oil and drippy egg drizzled on top. Some people are turned off by the idea, but what an amazing combination of flavors it is! The spicy soppressata pizza was also a great mix of flavor, where the spiciness of the meat is complimented extremely well by the sweetness of the drizzled honey.
And, as if awesome delicious wood fired pizza wasn't enough reason to come here, it's all made using local and organic ingredients! The artisan made sorbets from Bent Spoon in NJ are amazing too! 
Nomad has become my latest food obsession, i.e. I've gone two nights in a row!Not sure what the deal was being our last night in Philly before going back to Chicago had an odd experience where we were just treated completely different. We came in the exact same time as another family (we are a family of 3) and even seated next to each other and the table next to us experienced every thing 20 minutes ahead. Drinks were all served and pizzas came out quick by the time they got their pizza we just got water.  Not sure if race was the problem or something else but I just did not understand what the deal was. We never experienced something like this before where it is blatantly obvious we were treated differently, I do have to admit that this absolutely makes the food worse but given that we walked there with a 4 year old after a long day touring the city we just decided to go through with it instead of trying to find another place to eat.  It is what it is I guess live and move on is all we can do.I think I've found my new favorite pizza in Philadelphia! I have had several friends highly recommend Nomad's for a while now, but had never made it over to the restaurant on 7th Street until last week. 
It's small inside but really cozy. We went for lunch, and it wasn't too crowded. Among five people, we ordered 3 pizzas (margherita, spicy sausage, and arugula with proscuitto) and that ended up being the perfect amount. The crust is nice and thin. The ingredients are all really fresh. I believe they try to use mostly locally sourced ingredients and you can really tell that it makes a difference in taste. 
Another bonus is that they served the beer ice cold, which I love. Overall, this place gives my previous favorite, Stella, a run for its money and might just come out winning.i guess everyone thiinks they are pizza connisseurs.  Who doesn't eat lots of pizza at lots of places?  But I really do think I am something of a pizza expert.  And speaking as a pizza expert, this place, technically speaking, is the bomb!  
First of all, the decor is simple, clean, warm, inviting.  Nice lighting, high ceilings in the upstairs dining room with big wooden beams.  They have this huge TV screen at one end, and apparently, on Sunday nights, they play old movies.  How cool is that!  Great pizza, craft beer on tap, and a big screen to show classic flicks!  Life just doesn;t get any better than that.
Staff:  Everyone was friendly huslting, conecientious.  The place was busy, and it took a little time to get the food, but really not too bad,  Very nice servers, overall.
Finally, the food.  Truly outstanding pizza.  they have a pretty cool brick oven, and of course, the pies are all made to order, one at a time.  Great toppings.  We had a mushroom with truffle oil, topped by poached or baked egg.  teh guy makes a big ceremony about breaking the egg with a spoon and spreading the soft yolk around the top of the pie.  Pretty cool.  Crust was light, crisp and chewy all at the same time.  That takes some doing!  And we also had a spinach pie.  Also outstanding.  
Before the pizza came, we got an very light, delicious arugula salad, and a spaghett squash and kale salad.  Both were simple, well prepared, and delicious.  I will definitely be coming back real soon.  I am a fan!Let's start with this:
I think truffle oil is overused. 
It's aromatic and rich and earthy, and it's an easy way to class up a dish. As someone who eats out a lot I've noticed that truffle oil is almost always a cheat - a way to save an otherwise mediocre dish.
Nomads' Truffle Pecorino pizza is a reminder of how good truffle can be when it's used right. the dish is balanced and complex and spot on.
The crust has a crispness and depth of flavor that reminds me of a fermented sourdough, the sauce is flavorful, not sloppy or over-sweet, the mushrooms are fresh, and the egg... oh, the egg!
When you add a great beer selection (with a rotating "special" for an incredible price), full view pizza ovens, never a wait, and some of the best service in the city, it's no wonder this place has become the go-to casual dining spot in Bella Vista.Spicy Soppressata. Roman style.  Done and done. 
Corn pizza was surprisingly amazing as well but for some reason this last seasons corn pizza wasn't up to par.  I think they changes cheeses.  So we stick with the spicy Soppressata. Never disappointed. Always incredible. 
When we were away over seas its the only food item I truly missed.Nomad Pizza for lunch today was a solid three stars.
I like the space. In theory the long communal table is cool, but it meant having to move down to make space for another group and having to listen to a guy two seats down actually singing along with the song out loud at full volume.
The bf got the River Horse Hop Hazard beer on special and really liked it, and $4 is a good price. We started with the blue cheese salad which had ample blue cheese, roasted pears, pecans, dried cranberries and a vinaigrette. It was delicious and big enough to share. Definitely a standout.
The pizza just wasn't my jam. We got the margherita and it was typical brick oven style: crispy blackened crust and a very thin, almost soggy middle. The size is good to split for two, but with that thin, airy crust I was left feeling slightly less than full. Also our pizza took like 30+ minutes.
Overall I like the local/organic focus, the salad was killer and I like the simplicity of the space. I'd be willing to try one of their specialty pizzas to see if I'd change my mind, but then again maybe it's my fault for not being too keen on brick oven pizza.I've spent the last 6 months or so awaiting my first Nomad experience...waiting for the right person, time, and wherewithal to travel into the city to see what the hype was all about. All in all, it lived up to expectation and them some.
The Sweet and Spicy Sopressata Pie (topped with imported Italian tomatoes, local organic garlic, basil, oregano, fresh mozzarella, local spicy sopressata, organic olive oil, Parmiggiano-Reggiano, and drizzled with local honey) is exceptional. Its chewy and salty crust, well-seasoned sauce, oozing fresh mozzarella, and its huge discs of Soppresata, topped with a drizzle of--you'll never guess--honey, made for an explosion of flavor. The honey-sopressata combination is simply sublime. We opted for the "Roman" crust, thinner and crispier dough and were glad we did; the texture of the valleys and craters of the pillowy dough in each slice were glorious.
We also tried the Quattro Formaggi (mozzarella di bufala, grand cru, caciocavallo, organic parmesan, basil, caramelized onion, organic garlic, sea salt, and black pepper), which, in all fairness, didn't compare to the bold flavor of the other pizza. I also wish there were more caramelized onions.
The service was perfect. Our draft beers came right away, water refills were regular, and our pizzas were cooked fast and delivered bubbling hot; and were cut table-side.
Overall, we had a great dinner and I look forward to returning soon!Was in the mood for a pizza and I'm glad we found this place. We ordered the Fungo which was a multi mushroom pizza with mozzarella and onions. The wood fired oven brought out great flavors in this pizza. The taste was great. My only complaint would be some of the mushrooms were tough.  The service was great.I have never had better pizza. Not ever. Brick-oven pizza meets food truck fare, and it is phenomenal. Thin, chewy, perfectly browned and crispy crust... fresh mozzarella, the best pepperoni I have ever encountered--crispy, greasy, spicy, thinly slivered, curl-edged discs of pepperoni--and a light layer of beautifully seasoned sauce. This stuff is incredible.Stopped in for an early dinner after getting into Philly. I had researched pizza places and saw that Nomad had gotten pretty good reviews. The place is tiny but cozy with long tables. We tried a blueberry ale and watermelon beer which were both on tap and delicious. My mom and aunt split a salad (big enough to split, i forget which one) and I tried the meatballs (literally just three meatballs with marinara and some spinach). The pizzas are decent size (6 slices per pie), so we split the four cheese one and it was yummy! Although our waitress was a bit short and the menu is limited, I enjoyed it.The margarita pizza definitely earned 5 stars, but the caesar salad could have been better. the chocolates that come with the check popLet's keep it simple:  This is the best pizza in Philadelphia.  
Now there are a lot of competitors -- Pitruco is fabulous, I quite like Birra, Stella puts out a great pie, Taconnelli's has some old school charm and history to go with a very good pizza, and there are a couple others that are worth a try.  But no one.  No One, has a crust like Nomad -- the soft, the chewy, the slight char -- it all adds up to wonderful.
And kudos to our server for having tried all of the competitive spots and being able to talk about their various merits.a little pricier than you would think, but you're paying for quality.  my argument is always if these are local ingredients, shouldn't they be cheaper for the customer.  tasty pizza, but you need to get a pizza each for 2 people and prob get a salad too.  the salad was tasty but small.I want to first start off saying that the only reason I decided to go here is because I was under the impression that the place was BYOB.  A local Philadelphia website described the place as a newly opened cash-only BYOB.  Although the business owner was not the person responsible for publishing this article, I would imagine you would want to be aware of any publicity you were getting which was clearly not the case.
Upon entering this dining establishment, I was told that the restaurant was not BYOB and the hostess even tried to imply that I was wrong about the article and must have been reading about the Hopewell, NJ location.  First mistake.  
Our server only had a few tables and was stopping by so frequently that it was almost becoming annoying.  Also, we said we were ready to order dinner and my friend decided to first order another drink before rattling off his food order.  Immediately after he ordered his second drink she said "I'll be right back with that" and ran off leaving our table speechless.
Drink prices were reasonable and if the pizza would have been the quality of Pizzeria Stella, the food prices might have been reasonable.  This was not the case.  The ingredients were all over the place in big clumps.  The presentation reminded me of a kindergartner's creation at a make your own pizza party.  The flavor was slightly better than a store bought Dijiorno pizza.  
My suggestion: buy a bottle of wine and attempt to make your own pizza.  However, the experience was at least laughable and my friends and I will have something to joke about for a short period of time.
P.S. I almost forgot, the floor is uneven upstairs.  Not exactly ideal for a place where they give you a fork and knife to cut your own pizza.I love Nomad!!!  My boyfriend and I live in the area and have been here at least 10 times and never been disappointed. We are ok with paying a little more for pizza that is such a large step above the chains in town. The other items on their menu - salads and, newly, pasta - are always delicious as well!I've been here twice now and am a huge fan. 
The first time was a while back. We had a table upstairs for 5 and had an incredible meal. We started off with some outstanding appetizers, which included fried green tomatoes and fried mozzarella with marinara sauce. (Not sure if this is still on the dinner menu, though.) We followed the starters with three pizzas: the Spicy Soppressata, Spinach, and Quattro Formaggi. They were all outstanding, and we were all stuffed. 
Today, I went back again and it was even better! We got outdoor seating, which was wonderful. We each had beers and shared a Spicy Soppressata pizza, fresh out of the coal oven. It was so flavorful, topped with a perfect amount of soppressata, mozzarella, basil, tomato, garlic, oregano, along with the added kick of red pepper flakes. The crust was so good - thin in the center, and bready around the outside. Not the cheapest option for the size (that would be Pitruco Pizza and Dock Street Brewery), but excellent nevertheless. 
As far as drinks go, the selection isn't huge, but among what they do have, there is something for everyone, and that something tends to be great. Definitely a spot to visit regularly.The pizza here is top notch! The cheese and sauce have so much flavor and good beer selection!Solid pizza and beer joint with great seating availability for large groups.  
Upstairs houses a full bar as well as lounge type seating and three extra long tables that are great for groups.
Street parking as you can imagine is hard to find, but a few pay for parking lots are just around the corner.
The thin crust pizza is solid.  I was merely visiting Philly from out of town so I can't compare to other Philly pizza joints.  
Apps: got some salads to share for the table including Caesar salad and blue cheese salad.  Nothing special but veggies were fresh and toppings/dressings added right amount savory.
Pizza: was able to try the Margharita, Truffle Pecorino, Spicy sausage.  All were delicious, quality fresh ingredients, balance flavors.  I would recommend any of these.  The sauce was on the sweeter side and crust could have been a bit crispier but nothing too much to complain about.
Dessert: NUTELLA PIZZA with hazelnut halves and banana slices: not bad, the pizza was surprising extra crispy, loved the large hazel nut halves, but for some reason eat bite tasted a bit on the dry side.  TIRAMISU: light fluffy, extra coffee flavor.
OVERALL: the philly veterans at the table said this was one of the best pizza places in philly. as an nyc snob, not the best i've eaten, but well deserving of the 4 to 4.5 stars.Best pizza in the city!!! This pizza is SEX! Awesome staff and AMAZING food! Get the truffle pizza!!!! :)The pizza was nice, not mind blowing, the price was a bit high for what was delivered to your table. Nice gents working there.My wife and I just happen upon this gem. Our server, Garett, was fantastic. Informative and personable. We had a couple of apps, and took home a spicy pizza. We will return. Only complaint, wife notice no hooks for her purse to hang in the bathroom. Picky, yes, but will be helpful...Great pizza fresh ingredients thicker style crust from a wood fire oven. Pretty awesome. Cool space with a nice bar. Only knock is service can be a little off at times and they include an automatic 20 percent tip which they do not disclose.The best pizza I've had in Philly to date. I ordered the arugula con prosciutto pizza, and it was phenomenal. What stood out was the quality of the ingredients. The tomato sauce was unbelievably fresh, and sweet.  That in combination with the cheese, arugula, and prosciutto gave the pizza a sweet and salty taste combination.  Delectable.  What will bring me back is Nomad's commitment to unadulterated local ingredients, and the it's tasty results.I'm genuinely surprised to see all the excellent reviews of this place.
First thoughts - not entirely thrilled about the communal seating in this place.  Maybe it's a floor plan that makes sense for them.  Maybe I'm too antisocial.  Either way, not my scene.  
Second thoughts - how can you sell $18 pizzas on menus that are just crumbled pieces of paper.  I know that restaurants are getting crafty with their chalkboards and their daily menus, but for the money, I expect to have a menu that has not obviously been crumpled (and mine actually had crayon writing on it, as well!)
I ordered the mushroom pizza - forgot what the name on the menu is, but it has shitake mushrooms with caramelized onions with gruyere cheese and fresh mozzarella.  The flavors were actually quite nice.  The caramelized onions were nice and sweet.  Some white wine notes with the shitakes.  The cheese tasted fresh.  However, the way it had been topped, the pizza was just a soupy mess.  I expect, from a wood burning oven, a certain level of caramelization and a cohesion of the ingredients topped.  There was none of that.  The dough tasted good and it had some nice char, but it was also a little raw and could probably been a little more well done.  
I would say the pizza would've been adequate at maybe a $12 value, but at $17, I don't think it cuts it.  Worth maybe checking out again just for the sake of giving a place a second chance, but for my money, it just wasn't worth it.  MUCH better pizza in this city.I have been following this pizzeria on Instagram for some time and the photos posted all looked great. We arrived at 8:00 on a warm summer evening and ate outside. As soon as they knew I was an Instagram follower the owner came out to say hello and post a pic of us, a very nice person with very nice and attentive staff. We all had Neapolitan style, mine with spicy salami, my wife had a mushroom pizza and my son had a margherita. All were perfectly cooked and tasted fantastic. Very, very good pizza cooked in a wood burning oven. The real deal. Highly recommended. This is a casual restaurant, very cool.I really object to this place and how they operate.   They come up with a great idea, but it's nothing new and interesting, and sort of half executed.   Out in the suburbs of nowhere NJ it might be fine, but in the city, they need to step it up for us.    There are at least 5 places within 10 minutes i'd recommend over it, but if you're tired of mediocre pizza joint pizza, sure, this is an alternative.    someone else wrote that it was the best pizza in the city?  they haven't eaten much great pizza in the city.  Anyone who knows pizza, knows that this is at the bottom of the food chain.  For the price, there's so much better elsewhere, and close too. i think they also really need to work on giving the customer what they want, not some "authentic" simplistic romantic dream they have of serving pizza like they do in naples, without slices.   yeah i saw it on anthony bourdain too, who cares?   I also think the communal table idea is no for everyone (especially me), but again, they're trying to force the customer into their idea.  I'll try back in a few months and hope they've at least improved the food, and then i'll be glad to write a different review.... if it's different.I was arriving as Michelle C was leaving. I could tell by the look on her face that Nomad was going to get a three-star review. After my meal with a party of four, I'd have to agree.
I've been a HUGE fan of Nomad's pizza truck since trying them out at nearly all of the Night Markets and at the Pizza Olympics. Crispy, firey, flavorful. My favorite kind of pie. I have been eagerly awaiting the arrival of Nomad's restaurant.
Our party of four split a bottle of wine ($25), the special roasted root veggie salad ($10, ultimately too small to share amongst four, but we made it work), and three pizzas: margherita ($12), spinach ($16) and tartufo ($18). It was an appropriate amount of food for sure.
We were under the impression that the spinach would be a red pizza because "Cherry Roma" was in the menu description. We were wrong-- that's just the name of a farm where Nomad sources some of their local veggies. Oh well. So we had two white pies and one red. White people problems at its finest.
Everyone had a different favorite. The spinach was heavy on the garlic, which I enjoyed. The tartufo was oily and rich (I think Barbuzzo does it better). The margherita simply could not live up to the pie I fell in love with at the truck. The crust, chewy and addictive, lacked the crispness I had remembered.
The inside of Nomad is nearly identical to the layout of Horizons, which used to occupy the space on 7th and South. The stairs were the same. How did I know? They were well-worn and looked years old. Thought that was a tad strange. Why wouldn't Nomad replace them to complete their new digs?This place is great! I've eaten here 3 times in 2 weeks. The dandelion warm salad, the special red pizza broccoli rabe con prosciutto, cheese plate, margherita pizza. All good! And not to forget the great beer selection on draft!! Lovely.I stopped into this place on a whim about a month ago. I ordered the arugula pie to go after chatting with the hostess about what was especially good (she suggested the Spicy Soppressata but I wasn't in the mood for something that heavy). As I waited at the very small bar for my take-out, I had a great conversation with several of the staff members. The pizza looked amazing as they were boxing it up and I was enjoying talking with the staff so much that I changed my mind and asked for a plate so I could eat my food while it was still hot. The pie was unbelievable. One of the freshest pizzas I've ever eaten. I finished the entire thing easily in one sitting and felt perfectly satisfied, not too full. Again tonight, I was in the area and dropped in for a to go order, not realizing that it was 10:07 pm and the kitchen had closed at 10 pm. The chefs had clearly already been cleaning up for a while, but just to be nice, the waiter with whom I spoke offered me a free slice of his own personal pie sitting on the bar that he planned to eat when his shift was over. I politely declined, but that REALLY sold me. Not only is the food here spectacular but the staff is awesome. I'll be a loyal customer. Only wish it were a little cheaper.The pizza is great. I really like the texture of the dough. I ordered the fungo pizza that has 4 types of mushrooms. I like the tastes. The margarita pizza is good too. They have indoor and outdoor seating; they also have 2 floors. So plenty of seats. The server is good too.Finally a great pizza in Philly!
I was born and raised in Italy so I have some credibility.
Both options the thin and slightly thicker are  excellent! Crust and topping are high quality.finally this place opened!
wanted to try this place since we tried the truck at a philly event! nice pizza place. at downstairs....2 tables were shareable. nice how you can see the guys making the pizza in the brick oven. got the special salad with fresh mozz, tomatoes, and arugula....nom nom nom. stuck with the margherita pizza (big fan of mozz and basil, then you'll love this) 1 pizza and 1 salad good enough amount for 2 people sharing. gotta come back to this place and try the rest of the menu or get take out. nice beer selections as well. didn't get a chance to see uptsairs.  looks like this place have movie nights. sounds kinda cool. waiters seemed kinda nervous (kinda seemed like they were confused and running around crazy half of the time) maybe they need more staff. loved how they had retractable windows...great place to go in the summer for pizza and beer.