Best pasta and bread I had ever had. I live in NJ but would make the trip back here just for this restaurant. amazing food!Wow, absolutely delicious meal! Had the meatball appetizer which was incredible ( I know a quality meatball since I make my own ).  Had the arugula and prosciutto pizza... the best pizza I've had since trip to Italy! I'll be back soon Nomad Pizza!Went there for happy hour and the food was disappointing. 
I got a margherita pizza which was bland and overcooked (burnt on the edges and bottom).
Service was fine, but I wouldn't want to go back to Nomad if I was trying to eat food.I have eaten here twice and both times I was really pleased with my meal.  The inside decor features a lot of wood. They have a nice selection of house cocktails as well as some seasonal craft beers. The pizzas are about 12-14 inches. Basically large enough to potentially be a personal pie. For pizza, I've had the Margherita, Arugula con Prosciutto Spicy Sausage and Spicy Soppressata. The Margherita, while seemingly basic was really out of this world. For the Prosciutto, I wish they would have cooked the Prosciutto. It was served cold on top of the pizza with the arugula.  The spicy sausage may have been my favorite overall. The Soppressata features honey which does in the end make it a little too sweet for a savory pie for my taste. I have been meaning to go for happy hour to catch a discount on the pizza. Would still recommend it!Recommend this place to many friends already. Thin crust truffle oil pizza is my all time favorite.Criminally under-rated. The buffalo margherita, trenton tomato, and the specials are some of the best pizza you will ever eat.First visit to Nomad on a Friday night.  The space has large south facing windows across the facade of the building, dark wood floors, a small but well appointed bar, and is helmed at the back of the room by an imposing, gorgeous copper walled pizza oven.
The hostess was kind of...befuddled maybe? I noticed she didn't properly greet many guests coming in and didn't wish them well on the way out.  First impressions are everything and a little more grace would go a long way, even if you are overwhelmed.
We opted for the bar when it became available.  The negronis were sufficiently good although the food asked for wine or beer and next visit I will oblige.
For appetizers we ordered the zucchini fritti and the arancini.
The zucchini were egregiously under seasoned, albeit sweet and fresh.  They needed a sauce to dip the sticks of zucchini.  This was the biggest disappointment of the night.
The arancini were pretty good.  They were close to room temp inside, my only gripe, but the flavor was great and most places in the city mess this up. Nice crunchy outside, creamy rice, not sticky or chewy- the sauce they came with was delicious and I'm glad it did because it helped the zucchini.
The buffala margarita pizza (pay for the upgrade) is some of the best I've had in the city- a balance of perfectly thin, slightly charred crust, sweet and savory sauce, and the milky, chewy buffala mozzarella was pretty perfect.
The soppressata pizza was interesting.  Spicy and sweet, I enjoyed this but the addition of honey was not needed in my opinion and kind of strange.  Let's be honest though I'm going to eat the leftovers when I'm done writing this.  I'll try a different one next time.
4 stars for nearly perfect pizza, bravo!My boyfriend and I came here after we couldn't get a table at Vedge, and I'm glad we did. The margherita was one of the best pizzas I've ever had, and the servers were nice. I'd definitely go back. Also, the potato croquettes were amazing.Freaking amazing pizza.  I can eat the whole soppressata pie with honey by myself.  I had a special once that had corn and spicy peppers on it and it was also a favorite!  Wish it was on the menu all the time!My first experience with Nomad Pizza was at the Riverwinds Wine Festival in West Deptford. I am extremely critical when it comes to pizza, because I have had pizza from some of the best pizzerias in Italy. It's difficult to find that quality replicated here in America. 
At the pizza truck I got a typical Margarita pizza and a pepperoni. They were both excellent in every category. I was talking to one of the workers who told me about their other locations, specifically about Nomad Roman. Nomad Roman provides a typical Roman style, super thin crust pizza. They use the freshest ingredients and it is evident.  At the pizzeria I ordered the spicy soppressata which was topped with Italian tomatoes, fresh mozzarella, basil, oregano, organic garlic, red pepper flakes, organic parmesan, honey and sea salt. it was cooked to perfection! The person I was dining with ordered the truffle pecorino.  This pizza was topped with imported mozzarella di bufula, Terry Grove Farm toma cheese, shiitake mushrooms, organic garlic, Double Brook Farm fresh egg, sea salt, black pepper, Boschetto al Tartufo Bianchetto and black truffle oil. This pizza was probably one of the best I have ever had!
Their location is also directly in front of the 13th and Locus subway station so it is super easy to get their from New Jersey. This pizzeria is what every pizzeria should aim for.I had the pizza and bleu cheese salad. The salad was amazing. It is a must. The pizza was pretty good, I had the spicy sausage. The staff is extremely friendly and it is a cool place to sit and eat.Their pizza is amazing. It's a thin crust that has the perfect amount of doughy-ness and the sauce is great. My favorite is the arugula. The buffalo cheese is a must. 
There's a lot of good pizza in the area and I think this is by far the best. I've had the pizza to go a few times and it was ready very quickly.Had a nice leisurely lunch - bartender/waiter was the perfect level of attentive and into my stress free, taking my time lunch. I took his pizza and wine recommendations, glad I did. The tempura veggies were perfectly seasoned and a good mix.Oh man this pizza was good. I was actually pretty full when I got to Nomad, but I couldn't help but devour all of the pizzas we ordered. We were a big group, and the waitstaff was nice, but not super attentive. The pizza was salty (not too salty!) so I needed a lot of water and they didn't really refill as quickly as I would've liked. The most important thing, though, is that the pizza was damn good.
The best was the desert. We were celebrating a birthday and they brought out these pizzas with Nutella and banana slices. My mouth is literally watering now thinking about it. This place is definitely a winner.As always the food at Nomad is awesome... on a blistering cold day.like today...I decided I needed pizza and wine..so I made it to Nomad for their happy hour!!! I ordered the Trenton Tomato pie and it was spicy and awesome. ..during happy hour a 10 inch is only $5...I then ordered the Chardonnay, which tasted pleasant...and was $ 5 also...the decor was modern and lit nicely...I could not give it a five star due to the service being a tad bit off...This is the same restaurant as the original nomad on south street, but this location focus on roman style only.
We have been here twice and got the margherita pizza!Nomad has helped me quell my pizza craving many a night. I like the general vibe of the place, and they usually have a decent beer selection. Pizza-wise, I'm fond of the spicy soppressata (has a lil kick to it for sure) and the N'duja (but I always add cheese to it because there is none if you order it as-is). The blue cheese salad is the perfect light compliment to your pizza binge. Just a note though, the crust is verrrry thin, with lots of charred bits, and sometimes does err into soggy territory what with sauce/toppings weighing it down. Still really tasty though.I really liked it here. They were having some serious issues with the pizza oven while we were there (lunchtime) so we had to wait a really long time. We didn't mind, and this can happen. The interior is great - casual and clean lines. The service was good. The waitstaff is definitely still getting it together and dealing with the growing pain, but overall they were nice. The food was great. Good pizzas. I'll definitely be back.What a great find among all the options in the area. I was in Philly for a night and was itching for some pizza; found Nomad on Yelp and walked over. I was pleasantly surprised by the late-night happy hour which included smaller size pizzas and beer/wine. I was extremely hungry so I tried two different pizzas and had a couple glasses of wine. Before you start thinking who eats TWO pizza by THEMSELVES remember that this is a review of the restaurant and not my life...I joke I joke
But seriously the food was great, the staff were super helpful and outgoing, and the restaurant was very clean. 
If I'm ever in Philly again, I will certainly check it out. But for you locals, I highly recommend Nomad
Keep up the good work!This place had been on my to-try list for a while. The location and decor is great, as was the service. We went on a Tuesday night which had a great special: buy one get one free for their regular sized pizza. We tried the Trenton Tomato Pie and the Spicy Sorprressata. Good, not great. The crust was so thin it felt like a cracker. On the plus side, it was so thin it barely counts as eating carbs, right?I've been to Nomad Roman twice now for happy hour, and have been to the original Nomad location for dinner three times. I will definitely go back to Nomad on S. 7th St., but I'm not convinced about Nomad Roman. 
During my first visit to Nomad Roman, we sat at the bar during happy hour. The place was completely empty and our bartender/server was friendly. We ordered the $5 Margherita Pizza, the $5 Spicy Sausage Pizza, and each had two glasses of the wine on special. The pizzas were great, the wine was average, and our server continued to be friendly but a little zoned-out. The entire restaurant was almost uncomfortably warm - I assume because of the pizza ovens - but it was really noticeable. As the restaurant became more crowded, our service started to dwindle. 
Our second trip to Nomad Roman was also during happy hour. It was slightly busier, but we were one of four tables when we walked in around 5:30. Again, the restaurant was uncomfortably warm. We took advantage of the Drink Philly special, but it took forever to receive the appetizer and the beer lists were not updated. Four of the draft beers listed had been kicked, and were not replaced - we also weren't told that the kegs were empty until after we had ordered our drinks and waited 10 minutes for our waitress to return with the news.  We ordered our (spicy sausage and margherita) pizzas and different beers, waited 10 minutes for the beers to come, another 15 minutes for the appetizers, and then continued to wait, and wait, and wait for our pizzas. In the meantime, all the tables around us filled up. A waitress, who was clearly unhappy, delivered the exact pizzas we ordered to at least four tables who were seated long after us. Furthermore, our server never came back to check on us, to refill our water jugs, or to ask if we wanted another drink. We couldn't flag her down because she didn't even come back to the area. It was really frustrating, but at least the pizza was delicious. Finally, at 6:50, after Happy Hour had ended, she cheerfully came back and asked us if we would like another drink or if we needed anything. 
While the pizza was good, the poor service will deter me from making Nomad Roman a go-to happy hour spot. The deal here is definitely the $5/$7 pizza rather than the drink deals, and if you want to have more than one beer, order them both the first time your waitress asks, or else you will have missed your opportunity.  I'll definitely frequent Nomad Pizza Co. instead.When you just want a great pizza with a great craft beer, this is the place to head to.  We split the roasted ceaser salad which was truly delightful before having to choose among several unique pizza offerings.  Our choice, the arugula pizza, did not disappoint! The on-draft craft beer options were few but covered the range of tastes one might have. Price was also excellent.Pizza was good, but it was a little pricey for what you get.  We got the spicy sausage pizza and the arancini as a takeout order.  The food was ready when I got to the restaurant, and it was hot when I got it home.  The arancini was a little bland to me.  I doused it in red sauce, and I still felt like something was missing.  Maybe that's how it is supposed to be, but I wouldn't order it again.  I would probably go back and try more of the pizza, though.  The crust is thin, and the ingredients are fresh.Good food and warm service! We ordered pizza truffle pecorino (combination of soft cheese mix of goat + cow)  and black truffle oil, it is so delicioso! The melted cheese and oil truffle so soft in your mouth :) for dessert we ordered nutella pizza (combination of nutella, sliced banana and toasted hazelnut) and it is also great for dessert, they are generous w/ nutella :) Very recommended for hangout, for family with kids not recommended (little bit noisy).Took the fam on an impromptu dinner in between shows at the Kimmel and it was right tasty. Ndujo sausage pizza plus Trenton upside down tomato pie both goodLove the food, and the service. The only part that sucked is after we ordered desert, on a Friday night at 10:18pm, 3/4 of the restaurant full, we were told we cannot order desert. And every table will not get desert because the kitchen is closed. Great food, but I hope you don't want desert!Nice, more natural pizza places (translation cheese not in a sheet). If you are looking for a nicer, sit down pizza place, this is a great optionDefinitely needed to update my review from a few years ago. Nomad is one of our staples for good pizza and has been consistently good and not out of menu items. 
Our favorites are the spicy soppressata and spicy sausage pizzas. Get the spicy soppressata and you will not regret it. The honey-spice combo is just sooo good. Recently, we got the caprese salad off the specials and this was bomb thanks to the creamy burrata cheese. The nutella pizza for dessert is delicious if you need something sweet at the end of the meal.
I still am partial to the 7th and South location but you really can't go wrong with either!One of the best pizza related happy hours in the city! The pizzas during happy hour (4:30-6:30pm) are $5-7 for a personal 10'' pie and its $4 and $5 for select draft beer and wine, respectively. What's more, the happy hour on Friday and Saturday is from 10:00pm till midnight! 
I have tried the Margherita pizza, the spicy sausage and the spicy sopprassata. The spicy sopprassata is my favorite thus far. The honey and sea salt ultimately give it is glorious savory and sweet subtle kick but all in all, this pizza just tastes so fresh and flavorful. 
If you're vegan, they offer various vegan pizza options as well! Certainly an inviting menu with several starters including various salads and marinated, grilled vegetable options such as cauliflower or zucchini. 
It's an open and spacious restaurant and can accommodate large groups of people as well.  
Everyone working there is friendly and our food has always been served on time! 
If you like pizza and enjoy a glass of wine (or two) or a refreshing beer with it, this is the place to try -- and then you'll find yourself constantly wanting to come back.We really enjoyed Nomad Roman. The décor is Restoration Hardware-esque. Brick and wood like an old tavern. The hostess knew we were in a hurry and she got us seated right away even though we did not have reservations. Our pizza came out quickly. We had the Spicy Sausage and Truffle Pecorino. They were both outstanding. I really liked the egg on the Truffle pecorino. This is a very rich pizza with the truffle oil. The service was top notch and the prices very reasonable. We will be back.Sad, really sad! Pizza great, but having one server on the floor and one person behind the bar on a Friday during penn grad is just piss poor management. Took 10 minutes to even get noticed, much longer to get an order in, and much much longer to get a water. These are basics of dinning!The pizza was VERY DELICIOUS and the service was prompt. Atmosphere is great (exposed brick omg). My server, sweet Judy,  lived up to his name. would recommend to a friend. 
(also, complimentary dark chocolates!)Was excited to try this place out., until my group and I had the worst service, and probably the worst waitress I've ever experienced. Our waitress basically took our drink and food order and never returned. Pizzas were actually good, if a little overpriced. Good luck trying to get your check without a scavenger hunt, and don't dare question the automatic 20% gratuity for a party of six. Safe to say I'll never return here just because of the horrendous service.The atmosphere and servers were great. The pizza was OK. I'm not a big fan of the super thin crust or the charred bottoms, but the tips eye tasty. Would have enjoyed them more if they had a meat topping other than pork. The process were decent for a restaurant downtown and the portion size was definitely worth it.Had the marg pizza. It was good but nothing extraordinary. I'd eat here again but try something else.Excellent thin crust pizza. Dined on a Thursday night with a friend and the environment was relaxed and quiet enough for us to catch up.
We started with a fall salad that our waitress recommeded. I was skeptical because I'm not a huge fan of beets but have been trying to give them a second go - was glad I did because the salad was tasty and a nice light starter course.
We shared the spicy soppressata pizza and I was quite pleased. Soppressata is my favorite italian meat and I've never had it on a pizza before. The tomato sauce and honey added a nice sweet balance but did not overpower the spicy deliciousness. The crust was thin and crisp towards the edges; I like the crust slightly more crisp than it was but that is really my only (minor) complaint.Welcoming service, delicious margherita pizza, and great wine and beer!  We stumbled upon this place and decided to check out the happy hour - well worth it!After a long day of moving, Mom and I wanted something that would be quick, easy and easy on the budget without sacrificing quality and taste. I walk by Nomad every day and figured this would be the perfect spot. I've always heard good things and now since I have moved near this restaurant, we figured we would give it a try.
Let me start off by saying that the staff was more than accommodating and nice- we walked in with horrible clothes on and we asked the host if they would serve us looking like a mess. He said no problem and made us feel very welcome! Our waitress was even better. She understood how exhausted we were and fired our apps and pizza at the perfect time. Everything came out in the order it was supposed to, and it was quick- we were EXHAUSTED.
The food was exactly what we wanted. The zucchini fries were perfectly cooked and the grilled Caesar salad was refreshing yet savory. We chose the Soppressata pizza- perfect thin crust, it reminded me of the pizza I grew accustomed to eating in Rome. The entire meal was perfect from the pizza down to the Campari cocktail; as I was eating, I forgot about how exhausted I was and felt like I was transported back to Italy. 
I want to come back here a million times- the pizza is some of the best in the city. It is authentic and not too expensive.Pizza here was really good. The only thing that would make it better would be BYO! I would definitely go back, Pretty sure I ate the whole pizza... woops!So glad we picked this place to grab a bite to eat!! The pizza was super thin crust which is right up my alley. I was intrigued to try to margarita bc it just looked so delicious, and it most certainly was. The pizzas are 14" each but very thin so I was able to finish one pie on my own. (Keep in mind I have a large appetite). We also tried to Trenton tomato pie which was also amazing. The service was amazing and the food didn't take long to come out. Also the environment is so cozy and inviting I would love to go back some day. What a treat to eat here, highly recommend!!!Nomad Roman is a great little spot to grab some traditional roman style pizza and have a few good beers. I've been here a few times now, and each time is excellent. Tonight I had the fried zucchini and the Margherita di Bufala pizza, and sipped on some DuClaw "Bare Ass" blonde ale. All were perfecto.
The zucchini had a very nice spicy kick to it, and the pizza had EXACTLY the right amount of fennel seed. Fennel is all too often massively overdone. A little goes a long, long way, and the chefs here seem to know it. The beer is always good, and the service is prompt and nice.
If there's one negative, it's the music. The style of food and the atmosphere lend themselves to Frank Sinatra, Rat Pack, classical, etc. Yet they play, of all things, club music and neo-R&B? Why, Nomad Roman, why? You could have had five stars! You could have had it all!Having tried a lot of pizza places in town we decided to give Nomad Roman a try. The restaurant itself is very roomy and comfy (more so than say Zavino or Barbuzzo) and very quiet (unlike Pizzeria Vetri). Atmospherically, it is very relaxing.
We (well my son) started with the Pepperonata, which was essentially roasted peppers, a fried egg, supposedly some capers (which I could not see but in all fairness my vision stinks these days) and a few slices of toast. My son thought it was decent, us not so much so. it looked like roasted peppers from a can, an egg, and some toast.
For pizzas, we had the margherita di bufala and the spicy soppresata. For comparison sake, here's the scoop: both pizzas had extremely thin and somewhat crisp crust. It was not as crisp as say a saltine cracker, like what you'd get at Slice! but it was not soggy like Pizzeria Stella. The crust was a bit charred around the edges but not at all charred (and could have used some) in the interior. The sauce for the margherita was decent, but a bit runny and acidic. No San Marzano tomatoes here. The mozzarella itself was very tasty and the highlight of the pie. Two small sprigs of basil (that's one more sprig than you get at that crappy Serafina place but about ten sprigs too little if you ask me) were in the center of the margerita pie. The soppressata was decent, a bit spicy but not too much so but also a bit greasy. Both pies were decent but as mentioned by another reviewer, the pizza (and other stuff for that matter) a few blocks up the road is much better at Zavino and Barbuzzo. 
Unlike other reviews, we found the service to be excellent (thanks Amberleigh!). She was very prompt and did a good job checking up on us. And we got a few tasty homemade chocolates from the New Jersey Nomad location with the check.
So all in all, Noman Roman is decent, but with all of the other fabulous pizza places that have popped up in the past few years, especially very close by, I'd trek a few blocks up the street. Nomad is not bad but not the Roman God of Pizzas in this town.Best pizza in Center City, thin and crispy dough. But Vetri opened close by.. and they are a big competitor!I am knocked out by this place. 
The best pizza ever. 
Place and service is wonderful. 
Can't wait to get back for more. 
Happy hour is really happy for pizza lovers.
The paper thin crust,incredible tomato sauce,lightly flavored/textured mozzarella cheese all create a bit pricey but worth every penny experience.  
Get there for happy hour and they are giving this mind boggling pizza away. 
Savor every mouthful. 
EYes yes yes. This is hands down, the best happy hour in the City of Brotherly Love (and by Brotherly Love, I mean Brotherly Love of ALL things pizza) Super cozy and I especially love the open windows in the spring and summer! Get the spicy soppresata and a glass of red wine. Staff is always super helpful and friendly. Do yourself a favor and run there, immediately. You will not be disappointed!I first found this place when I arrived in January. The spicy sopressatta pizza is fantastic. I've been going back a few times a month since and I've never been disappointed. The front of house are all very friendly.Good happy hour deals! Particularly on the pizza! The prices vary, but it's a great time to try them all. A perfect snack for the end of the week. The restaurant itself has a great atmosphere. It's cozy, and ideal for smaller groups (5-6 ppl), or to just hang out at the bar. I would love to come back.Came here last year July  (i think it just opened around then). We got two pizzas, tasted great and the staff was very informed and able to answer our questions. Will be back!Needed to have a late dinner after flying into PHL from LAX on a Friday night. We wanted authentic pizza and were happy to see that Nomad's stayed open until midnight. 
The location is in a very busy area for nightlife...lots of clubs, gay bars and late-night restaurants. Great thin-crust, Roman-style pizza. If you like spicy pizza, order the N'Duja!! It's a fantastic blend of spicy sausage, tomatoes, mozzarella and arugula. There are many other pizzas to order If you aren't into spice.Loved it.
I came for dinner with a group of 6 friends right after work.  The service was remarkable and everything we ate was great.  We split 3 pizzas and had 2 apps and 2 salads.   My favs were the spicy soppressata and the truffle pecorino pizzas.  Our waiter was wonderful and we all left happy.
Plenty of families dining when we arrived... lots of strollers.  So I would say a good place for kiddos.Got takeout just before 12pm on a Saturday. It was completely empty. The decor is hip, it's a lot bigger inside that I imagined, and there's a little counter in the back by the oven where you can watch them make the pizza. 
The "Trenton Tomato Pie" was a huge disappointment. The crust was soft and had a weird consistency, like they accidentally used the vegan pizza or something, and there were hardly any tomatoes. It was a white pie with very little of what resembled Hunt's crushed tomatoes from the supermarket on top. I don't know about you, but every other tomato pie I've ever had had a layer of tomatoes or sauce on top.
And I felt sick for the rest of the day.
No wonder the pizza is only $5 during happy hour, that's all it's worth. I guess it's my own fault for not coming during happy hour, since that seems to be why everyone likes it so much.
I really need to stop thinking good pizza exists in center city.My wife and I visited Philadelphia from NYC for a convention and are delighted to have found this gem.  Friendly, efficient service and reasonable prices.  The blue cheese salad with walnuts and seasonal fruits was delicious, and the margherita di bufala pizza with pepperoni was crisp and fresh.  Capuccino and cannoli made for a perfect conclusion.  Will definitely visit again when back in Philly.Best pizza in town! Highly recommend to everyone. Authentic Italian thin crust pizzas that are so delicious you will want to keep eating even after you are full. My personal favorite is the truffle pecorino pizza, it is simply to die for. Great service, reasonably priced and nice ambience.Went here on Friday night.  Was packed but our experience wasn't great.
Apps were cold when they came out.  Had the truffle pizza and the other pizza was something like spicy margherita maybe?  Both the crust and the bottom of the pies were burnt black in some areas.  One of the pies wasn't even cut and we had to send it back.  
Service was super slow & inattentive,  Our waitress was in a bad mood and we had to keep flagging her down.  We had to al out throw our credit cards at her since she wouldn't come back to the table without waving our hands.  
Drinks were ok.  Prices were reasonable but I probably wouldn't go back there.  Good idea for a restaurant, but they need to improve their food and service.My wife and I stopped here for lunch on Sunday. We checked a couple places and landed on this gem. The pizza was phenomenal. My wife got the margherita di bufala and I got the spicy soppressata. Both were excellent. We got the lunch portion size so definitely need one for each person but I think it's better this was cause you can try different ones and share. Waiter was very nice. Service was quick even though there was a decent crowd for lunch time. I would definitely recommend it. Keep in mind that it is a very thin crust so if that's not your thing then go elsewhere but as far as flavor - amazing.This was a great stop for a snack post-ballet performance. I didn't get a chance to eat dinner before the show and felt bad about our arrival time, but they were very kind and accommodating. Props to our server for his very friendly and energetic service (unfortunately, I forgot his name). 
The interior is very nice - a romantic atmosphere when not too crowded. The pizza was tasty. We had the Truffle Pecorino pizza, which had a thin crust, topped with shiitake mushrooms, several kinds of cheese, an egg, and black truffle oil. We also had the Roasted Root salad, which featured some nicely wood fire-roasted vegetables. The meal was great with a nice glass of white wine. 
I personally like the pizza at their South St location better, but I prefer the ambiance at this location. I heard they have awesome happy hour deals that I'm hoping to try soon.I sat at the bar (very small) last night with one couple and another solo diner. The cook came out an offered complimentary potato pancakes to the couple. I found it odd that he wouldn't offer it to others, but let it go since the couple seemed like regulars. 
This is what I found completely utterly disgusting. The bartender made his signature drink and offered it to the 3 individuals, and singled me out without a word. Meanwhile, I had a largest tab (yes, I was monitoring how much others were spending..and in some case, weren't), and sat right next to the other three. It was awkward, embarrassing, and UNACCEPTABLE. 
I will not go back to this place, and it does not matter that the food is decent.Wow. If you aren't impressed with the cool decor and fast service, then the pizza will blow u away.
So its Roman style, which means thin crust extreme.
We did 2 pizzas for 2 people, and it was a lot.  Each is a culinary explosion of flavors and textures. 
The truffle pizza, wow, and it has, wait for it...eggs on it
Great draft selection, and not too shabby on the wine selection either.Get the Sopressata (thin slices of high-grade, spicy meat) personal pizza during happy hour (they will hate me for posting this). It's one of the best HH deals in town IMHO.
Be careful parking bikes near here, had mine stolen within half an hour in broad daylight. They don't play around here.Ate here for my birthday over the summer and the pizza was incredible. I really wish i ordered the pizza with the honey and spicy pepperoni because it was incredible! My parents let me try i piece but i wanted to eat their whole pizza!This is everything I wanted and more! My girlfriend and I went right before happy hour ended. The place was empty but it was also the middle of the week. The prices are amazing for happy hour. Our bartender/waiter was also amazing. She was attentive and super friendly. I felt welcomed here and excited to eat pizza! Our pizza came out in about five minutes and our happy hour drinks were super cheap and delicious. The pizza was delicious, not the best I have ever had, but for 6 dollars during happy hour it killed it. Also, the decor was beautiful. Focused on wine, beer, and food, what could be wrong? When we were ready for our second drink the bartender was kind enough to charge us happy hour prices even though we were a couple minutes past happy hour. It was an amazing experience and this is one of those places I would go back to in a heartbeat.I came here with some friends for happy hour on a weds night. Happy hour is 430-630 on weekdays and they also have some late night times as well. They have some $6 vegetarian pies and $8 meat pies with $4 beers and $5 wines. These pies are all personal sized, and thin crust which makes it easier for one person to finish! I tried the trenton tomato and spicy sopresseta. The sopresseta was more sweet than spicy bc of the honey they put on it. The trenton pie has cheese with the tomato and basil on top of it rather than below. 
Another nice thing is that happy hour is in the entire restaurant, not just the bar!Best pizza in the city? It just might be!
I only moved to Philly recently, but I think I may have found my go-to pizza place.
Let's start with the appetizers:
Fried Brussel Sprouts - These were exactly as advertised - fresh, delicious,  with a little spicy kick. If you like brussel sprouts, you'll LOVE these!
Blue Cheese salad - This was excellent. It would probably taste even better on a summer day, and could be a lunch on it's own. The combination of candied pecans, blue cheese and pears is a nice, refreshing way to start your meal.
Now, on to the real reason we came to Nomad - the pizza.
We got the Margherita and Trenton Tomato Pie pizzas. Wow. This was some of the best pizza I've ever tasted, no doubt about it. All of the pizzas here are extra thin and have just the right amount of ingredients - perfect for making you feel satisfied, but not uncomfortably stuffed (a hard thing to do with pizza). The ingredients on both were extremely fresh, especially the tomato sauce. Bravo! Note about the Trenton - i was under the impression that it would be more like a pizza sandwich, with the crust on top. But when they "upside down pizza" they mean a cheese base, with the sauce on top. Delicious, but not what I was hoping for when i ordered it.
If you're looking for fresh pizza that won't break the bank, this is the place.
Plus - check out the beautiful pizza oven in the back!Simply perfect.  Nomads perfectly thin crust paired with their delicious sauce  makes for the ultimate pizza.  Best happy hour in the city...$5 pies and $4 wine.  Cant beat that!!!!  Trenton tomato pie is my favorite!we've been going to nomad roman literally since opening night. the pizza is amazing, the staff is friendly and always remembers us, and chuck is an asset to their kitchen. from their bufala mozzarella margherita with honey drizzle, to the happy hour prices, to the fried brussel sprouts and seasonal appetizers, this place deserves its popularity and then some. we'll continue to frequent as much as possible and support them.Pizza is fantastic. My favorite Philly thus far.
Service is horrid because there is a lack of service. After an awkward seating at a 4 top for 2 people. We sat there for 10-15 minutes until I asked for a waiter. We were given water...but the 4 glasses remained even though we are 2 people (sorry this is my own pet peeve).
There was rarely ever a moment where I didn't have to anxiously and impatiently wave a waiter or waitress down for something. The wait staff would run back and forth putting pizzas down and etc, but for some reason, my table and all the three tables around me had to hail someone down any time we needed something.
Arugula con prosciutto is delicious! Melt in your mouth prosciutto and fresh arugula. I love the tho crisp crust on their pizzas.
Truffle percorino was amazing. Perfect amount of truffle oil and the egg really pulled it all together. My new fav.
Will definitely return for take out pizza.I came here my first night in Philly, and got some vegan pizza. My waitress was so awesome and recommended a pizza for me, and even though it was 11:15pm she said it was happy hour and my pizza would only be $5 instead of $11, and that a beer would be $4. So I obviously took her recommendations, which were great for my wallet, but also a great craft beer, and the pizza was so delicious. A good tomato sauce is just so good. It had the right amount of sweetness and tartness, lots of garlic and pepper flakes, some anise from the basil and also a bunch of fresh arugula on top. The crust had a perfect chewiness and crispness. It was one of the best pizzas I've had in a very long time. So simple but so balanced. The waitress came by with the check and 2 discs of dark chocolate, and assured me it was vegan. What a great way to spend my first night in Philly!happy hour is great, 4/5$ beer/wine, and 6/7$ pizza specials, happy hour is from 430-630 pm in the entire bar and restaurant.
Pizzas are really good, worth the rpice.
I ordered the arugula salad and the blue cheese salad and both were mediocre. too much lettuce and not much cheese or toppings on the arugula salad; not worth the price for the salad. stick to the pizza!This place is one of my highlights on my recent Philadelphia trip.  I found this gem because of Yelp and it was only a few minutes from my Hotel on Broad St.  Conveniently located on Locust St, its unassuming from the outside so much we walked right past it and had to turn around.
Inside it was cozy and inviting.  Perfect for a family and friends dinner or a romantic dinner.  Lighting was dim and the atmosphere was relaxing and comfortable.
Food: Truffle Pecorino Pizza is a Must Try! Absolutely Delicious! something that I haven't had anywhere else.  Bufala, fontina, garlic, shitake mushrooms, parmesan, farm egg topped with boschetto al tartufo bianchetto and black truffle oil, $19 and worth it! The cheeses, flavors and truffle oil just mesh with one another in perfect harmony! The crust was perfect, not too much dough and not too thin that it was crunchy.  It was perfectly baked and a little chewy and a little crispy on the bottom.  Just thinking about this pizza makes me want to make another trek out there from Hawaii~!
Drinks: Local Beers and Ciders on Tap and also some unique cocktails. We had a cranberry cider and the Fire at the Hacienda, good drinks but the Fire at the Hacienda is a little spicy, smokey and sweet flavors pretty intense drink.  Cranberry Cider on draft was good.  
Dessert: Seasonal Fruit Cobbler $8, we ordered this and it was baked with fresh apples and blueberries with a scoop of vanilla ice cream.  Absolutely delicious! So much we were thinking of getting a 2nd one because we devoured it in no time! It was the perfect dessert to end the evening.  Great service and location, If I make it back to Philly I'll be back!!Pretty excited about their happy-hour special. $5 pizzas at the bar? I'll take 3! (just kidding, but maybe not). Was in for happy hour with a friend and we opted for the margarita pizza and it was pretty tasty. No complaints whatsoever. I would love to go back and try their other pizzas as well.After a long day of traveling this was just what I needed to end the day. My boyfriend and I walked here from our hotel and couldn't have been more pleased with our choice. The food was amazing and came out super quick. The drinks were great and the atmosphere in the restaurant was calming and intimate! Great spotI was excited to try out another oven baked pizza place in the neighborhood...
I have been to the location off of South and was really displeased with the unprofessional staff and total lack of service. While the Locust location had a friendlier staff, the pizza we ordered was kinda soggy and undercooked. Also, the wine pours were smallllll. Really stretching those bottles out! Did not show much value in our experience. 
Sorry Nomad, maybe third time is a charm?The pizza and atmosphere are great. Our server was inattentive and then defensive and rude when we explained our dissatisfaction. I'm bummed not to be able to go back here, because the pizza is really good and they've reinvented some spaces that really needed some attention.I went here with a friend last week and had a pretty good meal.
Pros:
-Great tasting & affordable wine
-Trenton Pie was delicious, one of the top 5 pies I've ever had. I will be back for this!
-Serving sizes were good - a little large, but I was really hungry so it worked for me!
-Super convenient to PATCO
Cons:
-Server was really rushing us; it seemed like he was trying to get us to put our initial order in ASAP. I believe he came back 4x to ask us for our order, including once when my friend was in the bathroom, to ask us for our order. 
-The table next to us received their apps & pizza at the same time; luckily, our app & pizza was nicely paced. They were not happy....
-Arancini appetizer was just OK and was burned a little on the outside. I like it crispy, but it was a little too crisp. I wouldn't order it again.
-My friend's Margherita pizza was good, but was really 'floppy' and hard to eat..it was hard to even lit off of the plate.
I really like this spot and their sister store off of South Street and will for sure be coming back soon! I'm already craving the Trenton pie...Wandered in here after getting sidetracked by a phone call while en route to a different pizza place I thought would be better. Never ended up going to the other place because this one was so great. Nice set up, the dining space didnt seem too crowded and the bar was comfortable. Employees were just as friendly and conversational is invited to be, and they seemed to be enjoying being there. Ended up coming back a couple days later to round out my week in Philadelphia. Pizza, cocktails, and beer menu were all really great and the affogato was a great dessert. Would definitely go back if I go thru Philly again.I was in a grouchy mood when I first arrived at Nomad, so I was super critical in the beginning. I was upset at how long it look the bartender to hand us some menus, but she was also busy pouring like 10 beers... just hand me a menu, it takes like 2 seconds, ya know? 
After I got some El Hefe Speaks (a great hefeweizen), I started to relax. We started with the arancini--which was pretty great. Breaded and fried ricotta cheese with peas inside for a little veggie explosion. A tad bit more garlic and I would think they were perfect. 
For pizza, we had the truffle pecorino. This may be my favorite pizza in Philly! The dough was superb, the mushrooms were obviously fresh, and the egg and truffle oil added a ton of flavor. I can't believe I waited so long to try Nomad. I'll be back, for sure.I have been a loyal fan of the Hopewell, NJ Nomad Pizza location for years, and recently discovered the Roman Pizza location in my new neighborhood in Center City. I am becoming a regular at this location now, but my waistline is saying "slow your roll, man." If you can ignore your inner conscience, the pizza will be some of the best you have ever had. The soprasetta is my favorite, but they always have a great special pizza on the menu. Go on Tuesday for the 2 for 1 special.Love this place. Pizza is outstanding - fresh, thin crust with great ingredients. Service was prompt and friendly. Caught happy hour pricing: great value! This is a good spot for an early dinner with the kids as well as a late night stop in with friends. We will be back.The waitstaff is bad, poorly trained, and mismanaged. You go here for the pizza, and only the pizza. If I were to return, it would be for an early dinner, or lunch. In other words, anytime it's not crowded so perhaps the staff can redeem themselves. 
When I do return, it will be for the soppressata pizza. This is the kind of pizza one dreams about. Was really excited about this place. However, $35 for a few slices of pizza, a couple glasses of wine, with a side of bad service is just disappointing.The truffle pie was easily the best pizza I've ever tasted--great blend of fresh ingredients. Excellent service with a relaxed atmosphere.Very good pizza and love the options. Soppressata was awesome. Truffle oil pizza was too rich for me, but my brother really enjoyed it.My wife and I stopped in on an evening shortly after Christmas.  I really want to steal a line from another reviewer who quoted Einstein's line about simplicity because it really embodies what Nomad does so well.
The dough at Nomad is fantastic.  One of the best in Philadelphia, it is prepared Roman style to be very thin but packed with flavor.  I have nothing against gluten, so I devoured this beauty in a short time.  The sauce is equally simple and applied thinly but because of its flavor, it goes a long way to soothe your craving for tomatoes.  The cheese is sparse in a good way.  No unnecessarily thick cheese layers mean that you won't walk out feeling like a bloated dirigible.  We also had the meatball appetizer offered.  They complemented the pizza perfectly and also had a perfectly-balanced flavor profile.
The wines do not seem haphazardly chosen.  There are great, reasonably-priced reds from Italy and Argentina that are perfectly paired with pizza.  The service is prompt and knowledgeable.  Although the bar was busy, we got plenty of attentive, courteous service.
We will definitely be back!My wife and I were attended a lecture at the Philadelphia Historical Society. We ended up going to Nomad Pizza which is directly across the street. The Florentine style pizza was light and DELICIOUS! Also, the roasted Caesar salad was surprisingly good. In addition, it was a very relaxing atmosphere.Very cute restaurant. My cousin and I came on a Friday night and didn't have to wait. We got seated at the window seat and were approached by our waiter right away. They didn't have Riesling but the waiter recommended similar. He let me sample both and I decided on one. We got two pizzas, the Margherita di Bufala and the Arugula con Prosciutto.The Arugula con Prosciutto was delicious although I think the sauce overpowered the arugula, I would probably get it white next time. The Margherita di Bufala was kind of plain to me. I really liked the thin crust and the sauce. The mozzarella was very tasty as well. Our waiter was very attentive and helpful. I really enjoyed my experience and will definitely be back.Combination of great food and great service. Laid back, but romantic, not too expensive, a winner!Stopped in last night for the first time and loved this place. Wasn't aware of the happy hour pizza specials which was an awesome surprise. Can't beat getting a selection of 6-7 different pizzas that are only $5-$7 each! Will definitely be back again for an early dinner after leaving the office!Nomad probably has the best happy hour around for pizza, especially on Tuesdays when you get the 2 for 1 deal which is two full size pizzas (12inches) for the price of 1.  Although I was a little bothered because we chose two 19$ ones and two 16$ ones but rather than discounting a 19$ pizza and a 16$ pizza, they discounted both 16$ pizzas - I didn't bring this up to them because it was only a few dollars.
They also have a few 5-7$ options for a smaller personal pie. The drinks are 5$ wines or 3-4$  beers.  
We got the truffle pizza, the prosciutto topped with arugula, spicy soppressata and a sausage pizza.  My least favorite was the sausage - it wasn't bad but I really LOVED the truffle and soppressata options.  They are roman style pizza, which is really thin crust but topped with the most wonderful flavors.  I really enjoyed the crispiness of the "crust" too.  It's thin so don't feel bad about eating 8-10 slices, which is completely doable.  I will totally be back for more pizza when I want a thin crust of deliciousness.  Definitely get the soppressata!I prefer Nomad Roman's thin crust pizza over it's Neopolitan sibling on South street. This place has great pizza, and more importantly, great prices! 
Check out the Trenton Tomato Pie, the Nutella Banana pizza, and their solid list of draft beer. 
They have a late night happy hour, which is great if you need a quick fix and not in the mood to spend money on a fancier sit-down dinner, and also don't want to go to a fast casual chain restaurant.Love this pizza place (and I'm a New Yorker!!). My favorite is the Bufalla Mozzarella. The seasonal pizzas are great too (the garden/asparagus was very good). This is a fun place to visit with friends.I've only been here for happy hour, and this place is a solid 4 stars for their happy hour! $5 personal pizzas!!! They're really thin crust, but definitely satisfying. They have a variety of pizzas on their happy hour menu. I ordered my personal favorite pizza...margherita! And I also got to try a slice of the sausage one. While my margherita was really good, it lacked the basil component that I love on my margherita pizzas. It came with maybe one or two basil leaves which was not enough for a 10 inch pizza. The sausage pizza was really good. I think I would order that next time I come here for happy hour. I didn't really check out their other menu, but judging from their happy hour, their pizzas are pretty good!The industrial/neo-rustic decor is nice, service was decent but there is no way the margherita pizza with mozz' di buffala is worth $15 per person. It was super thin with almost no char, super soggy in the middle. Not bad, but nothing special, and I was still hungry at the end.
You can get WAY better pizza for less at Barbuzzo and Zavino one block away. Nomad is not going to last long in such a competitive location with these crazy prices.
Also, I tried the tiramisu and it was the sweetest I have ever tasted (and I've had my share over the years). So it wasn't for me, but some people may like it. Just be warned.I was here about 2 weeks ago for a casual dinner and was impressed. Pizza was fantastic. Light and crispy, not too filling. This place does it right with a unique menu that will also please the taste of a not so adventurous patron. Try the truffle pie and the spicy soppressata- both fantastic. The burrata appetizer special was to die for. I really enjoyed the wine list as well. Some nice options for both Italian and Spanish wines. 
I went in with a party of 4 with no reservation and we sat down right away. The service was excellent and the value? 4 of us split a light dinner- 3 pizzas, 2 apps and each had at least 3 drinks and priced VERY reasonable (esp for the location). A very cool place. Clean, bright and tastefully decorated. I have no doubt that before long this will be one of Philly's pizza hotspots! Looking forward to going back!Beyond excellent pizza. Went for lunch this past Sunday and the service was excellent. Our waitress was very polite and helpful. We ordered a margarita which you cannot go wrong with. Also ordered the sopresatta pizza which was awesome, had a spicy taste followed by a sweet kick from the honey on top, delicious. They cook it well the crust was perfect. I highly recommend this place if you are looking for quality pizza in the city as well as great atmosphere.Happy hr pizzas are very reasonably priced!! $5-$7 for personal sized pie. The sopressata was delish. The upside down tomato pie lacked an actual tomato sauce,  just had crushed tomatoes as a topping. The truffle pizza (mind you, these are all individual) is $19.
Sadly, the blueberry strudel was awful. I love dessert/ sweets and this was NOT sweet in the least. Three ladies shared this and no one liked it. The cake tasted like a bland, moist fig newton. The blue drizzle tasted like straight alcohol,  which wasnt mentioned to us. When I asked our very kind server if it had booze in it, he wasn't sure. The vanilla ice cream we opted for wasnt even enjoyable paired with all that. Avoid this dish! The dessert was $8 (more than our happy hour pizzas!). 
Good ambiance and friendly staff, just stick to happy hour pizza only here!After hearing from a little birdie that this place was comparable to my favorite pizza place in Philly (pizzeria vetri!), I had to try for myself.
Decided to make a large reservation for my birthday dinner, which they were able to accommodate although we called the morning of! I was definitely feeling the ambiance. Restaurant looks small, but it can hold a lot more people than I thought. Good for a group or a date! Nicely lit cozy, clean, and the lit lanterns add some personality. 
There was 14 of us, but I never felt neglected! We ordered every appetizer on the menu (I mean there's only 4). If I had to do it again, I would only order/recommend the meatballs and the risotto balls. The fried okra/vegetables were unremarkable. Nothing special. And I don't even remember the 4th appetizer we had, so I guess it was just THAT memorable. 
For 14 people, we ordered 9 pizzas, which was way more than enough. One of servers recommended the spinach and brocolli rabe which was my LEAST favorite. I loved the mushroom and truffle, margarita, and spicy sausage! I'm determined to try everything on the menu, which can probably be accomplished in one more visit!The truffle pizza is definitely delicious! Extremely cheesy and flavorful; plus, the egg adds a lot of luscious creaminess and makes it very interesting.
The ambience is great. The exposed brick wall brings a lot of character and makes it feel very welcoming. Good place for any occasion.We went here for happy hour. The margarita pizza and the trenton tomato pie were delicious and better yet they were $5 each!Nomad Roman's happy hour is a must. 5-7 dollar pizzas
I would advise that you order about 1.5 pizzas per person as they are on the smaller side. But for 5 bucks - how can you go wrong?Great little place!  Watch your pizza being made in the back, and you know its going to be good.On a recent mission to try ALL the pizza in Philadelphia I came here for a date night after recommended by a coworker as the best pizza in Philly. 
We started with the grilled cauliflower and mushrooms. Major disappointment. (caveat: I just ate at Zahav and now expect all cauliflower to be THAT amazing). Regardless, portion was quite tiny.. maybe 4 or 5 small pieces of cauliflower. I would just expect a little more for $10. 
For pizza we had the Trenton Tomato Pie (my favorite) and the Spicy Soppressata (my boyfriends fav). I managed to lose all my toppings when I picked this one up which frustrated me for about .05 seconds. Rookie move. The pizza is thin crust and I prefer doughy pizza, but this was still alright.  At the end, the bill was a little bit more then I had expected for a 'pizza night'. 
I've heard great things about the happy hour and I'm looking forward to checking that out.I've always been a fan of Stella's flat bread pizzas, but their location isn't always the most convenient so I was very excited to hear that Nomad's was closer by! We ordered the Quattro Formaggi, which was great and the Spicy Soppressata, which was good, but nothing to shout about. It was definitely a local favorite because as the night went on the restaurant filled up! I thought the prices were a bit high, but they were almost equal to Stella's so I can't complain too much! Overall it's a great pizza spot and they seem to have an amazing late night special so I'll definitely be back!Came back here tonight for their happy hour (10-12) and I gotta say the pizza was way better. I don't know if they changed something or the ingredients were just better today. The crust was a little burnt but the sauce and cheese were really on point. Also it doesn't suck that I got a decently sized $5 pizza during happy hour.Delicious pizza especially the spicy soppressata... A little on the expensive side for pizza but worth ever penny!... I usually go during happy hour for the $5 and $7 pizza special. Also have $4 draft beer during happy hour.My pizza came out cold. I'm not saying lukewarm, I saying cold. I suppose I could have sent it back, but that should not have been necessary.
Update. The manager contacted me about this issue. I appreciate that she took my issue seriously. And for that I will add two stars.The Second best pie I ever had!!  (You can never beat the first spicy sopresetta pizza experience because now you have expectations).  I had the spicy sopresetta at the other nomad location and it was  amazing.  I was near this location and decided to see if it was just as good and it did not disappoint.  The honey, red pepper flakes, and hot sopresetta is an incredible combination!  
I also tried the Regina pizza, a winter special which was also very good.  That was more of a margherita type pizza with diced cherry tomatoes on top.  Both were very good, and I can't wait to go back to either location!!The pizza was ok, though a little skimpy on toppings - when you order a simple Margherita pizza and half the pieces don't even have basil it is a problem.  The bartender was also the server and was more interested in chatting with her coworker and eating her own dinner to be attentive.  We didn't get ice with our water, asked her for some, and still did not get it.  Our second drink was wanted for a long time before she got around to checking in on us so we could order one.  The atmosphere was great, but considering it was a Monday night and not busy, we should have had better.Nomad is the best pizza : with fresh ingredients  on a delicious crust baked to order in house. I discovered these guys at the 'Pizza Olympics' a few years back, and have devoured their delectable pizza ever since . 
Horray for my fav pizza spot opening a midtown location. Happened upon them yesterday, and enjoyed a roasted vegetable with goat cheese and balsamic reduction salad app, followed by their class margarita pizza (hold the parmesian) . These guys attention to detail makes every Nomad stop a meal to remember ( The Coke classic came in one of those fun vintage glass bottles . "I didnt think they made these in the US anymore, " I mention to my dining companion while enjoying a sip. Turned the bottle around, and ole!, I was right, this baby was made in Mexico with real sugar instead of corn syrup.)
Pizza Obsession is so very nice, when it can be satisfied .I went here on a date.  I knew the place from a previous incarnation.  The space is nice and the ambient noise level moderate for a CC locale.  The food is excellent and should be commended:  delicious salads and stand out pizzas in an authentic Roman style.  The service leaves,  to put it lightly,  something to be desired.  The hostess was preoccupied and sullen when we arrived, she sat us next to the other two tables as apposed to the many other free ones,  the server (also bar-maid) messed up an order,  confused another, and was generally absent the rest of the time.  For the record,  she did comp us the wrong order brushing it away with the aside "i'm totally spacey today".  My date claimed from previous visits that this was par for the course.  The place wasn't crowded and emptied by the time our entrees were served.  Maybe it was a VERy long shift.  
Considering that this is PHILLY, where any food can be had at any level and quality at any time,  this is good enough reason never to come again.Great thin crust pizza!  Lots of happy hour specials. Eat in and take out. Pretty fast. Well thought out ingredients. A little on the expensive side for pizza.... but worth it.This is the only pizza I eat these days. The spicy soprasetta pizza hit the spot for me. Its indeed spicy and very tasty.My friends and I were walking around Center City looking for a bar to head to after a show in Philadelphia at World Cafe Live. One of the first mild-weather Friday nights of the Spring Season and a lot of people were out and about. We hadn't seen each other in awhile and wanted to catch-up but most of the bars in the area were super packed and dark. We spotted the "Happy Hour" sign on the street (sidewalk chalkboard - nice touch!) saying $4 draft beer, $5 wines and deals on PIZZA (10-midnight Friday and Saturdays). We were in.
I was the only hungry one, so I ordered the Spicy Soppressata off the late-night happy hour menu based on the recommendation of Arielle, who was bartending/waitressing that night. I asked what the best personal pizza on the happy hour menu was and she recommended this one -- perfect recommendation! I've had a lot of flat bread, wood-fire oven pizzas, as I studied abroad in Florence, Italy, and I really, really enjoyed this pie. The sauce has a really nice, semi-sweet taste and combined with the spiciness of the Soppressata, this was a delicious late night snack. Also the brighter lighting in this restaurant/bar offered a better ambiance for my girlfriends and I to catch up.
We also befriended Peter, who was bartending this night. It's not often that you have such great service late at night on a weekend night (we got there around 11), which is why we asked (and remembered) both of our servers names. It really meant a lot that after a long day/night they took the time to give us recommendations and tell us more about the style of pizza Nomad makes and explain the reason for the wine on tap (it's eco-friendly - less bottles used/wasted!).
Thanks Nomad for a great experience. I'll definitely be returning when I'm back in Philadelphia!It is great local pizza spot for me. Convenient location and no waiting to be seated. 
I noticed Philly has some great pizza spots!!! Nomad was on my list and finally tried. I saw great reviews about root salad and margarita pizza so I got them and also tried meat balls. I did enjoy my root salad, it has so much flavor but It was little small even for appetizer. Pizza was pretty good but I've had better in Philly. However meatball was disappointing. Was lack of flavor and I tried some amazing meatball dishes in Philly.I didn't want to let out this secret, but I feel like I have to for the benefit of all Philadelphians: This Nomad location has one fo the best happy hours in the city!
I'm talking $5 pizzas that are just as delicious as normal price, great $4 drafts like the Dogfish Firefly I tried there last night, and complimentary chocolates for dessert. The place also looks spectacular and has great service.Came for late lunch a few Saturdays ago; split a Trenton Tomato Pie ($13) with a girlfriend and got $4 Saturday lunch special beers (all drafts $4). Pizza was great, nice and crispy, able to easily finish the whole thing between the two of us girls. Little warning: the sauce has a kick to it, so fair warning if you don't like spicy. If you like it, then great! Got there around 1:30, no wait, not super crowded.Margarita pizza was absolutely tasteless , crust was soft yet crispy . Cheese was plentiful and fresh . But can't get over how bend the sauce was .Happy hour is 4:30pm-6:30pm. Pizzas ranged from $6 to $8 and was around maybe 10"? Regardless, it was pretty filling. Glass of house red/white was $4. They had maybe 3-4 beers off the draft list that were happy hour. 
Pizza was thin crust and wood fired. Pretty skimpy on the cheese and maybe too much sauce because a slice would just drip on the plate when you tried grabbing it. As far as pizza, Joe's on 16th and Walnut was probably some of the best I've had, but this is definitely a better place for having a slice and beer.
Service was probably some of the better that I've had in Philly. Hostess and bartender were very friendly. Server checked in often.I went to Nomad Pizza on the premise that I have had their pizza (on their food truck at several food truck events) and that pizza has been phenomenal. 
I was not impressed at the brick and mortar location: seems as tho it's not even the same establishment.
Pizza we had was the Soppressata and the Original Cheese and Basil: both crusts were extremely thin not flavorful at all.I had to make sure I had given this place a 5 star review. They deserve it! The pizza is delicious, thin crust, crisp. The staff is really friendly, I've sat at the bar several times for a pizza and beer. After 10p you can get small portions of their pizzas. Their veggies are local which I also enjoy supporting. My favorites are the spicy sopresatta (spicy, salty, sweet) and truffle pecorino (salty, earthy, awesome). They always have a fun, diverse selection on tap. It's my favorite pizza in philly for sure.This place is good for thin crust Italian style pizza, not bad for what it is, not a destination IMOBest Roman style pizza ever.......family and I ate here tonight and it was awesome.  When we entered the restaurant, the hostess told us the wait was about 45 minutes.  Then very quickly, she asked if we would like to sit at the pizza bar, literally a foot away from where the chefs were assembling the pizzas.  It was incredible to watch the guys roll out the dough, ladle on the sauce and add the toppings.   We got 2 pizzas - a Soppressata and a half sausage, half cheese.  I also had the cold cucumber/dill soup.   Phenomenal.  And the pizza was UNBELIEVABLE - texture of the thin crust was excellent, flavors were put together perfectly.  Add a Green Flash West Coast IPA to the mix and you have yourself an amazing dinner.  For dessert, the kids had Blood Orange Sorbet and Chocolate ice cream.   We'll be back next time we visit Philly.Had the arugula salad, it was good enough that I took leftover home and ate for breakfast.  Pepperoni pizza for the 13 year old. Food is outstanding, warm atmosphere, service was meh, food came out fast-----too fast. Like hurry the hell up and gtfo fast.    Next evening was craving that wood fired pizza and this time I hit the great happy hour pricing.  Winner winner!Nomad is definitely my favorite place to go during SIPS if I'm looking to eat. $6-8 pizzas, $5-6 drinks - what more can you ask for? Their pizzas are absolutely delicious too. Would highly recommend the spicy soppressata (we ordered a spicy sausage instead but glad this one came instead). They were very liberal with the toppings which I appreciate and compared to the sausage, the meat just covers more surface area. I came in two Wednesdays ago and there were 2 large parties that had made reservations :( Luckily, there were 5 spots at the pizza bar and my party of 2 fit cozily there. I didn't even know there was a pizza bar and it was so nice that we got to see how the pizzas were made while enjoying them ourselves! I really liked that aspect and it was farther away from the window where there was hot air coming in the restaurant. The restaurant is a pretty small space, but their service is very quick, waiters and waitresses are very prompt and attentive. Would highly recommend that you try this out for SIPS and maybe I'll even be back to try them when it's not just SIPS :) Keep up the good work Nomad! We love youTerrible. I just spent 15 bucks for a cold burnt cheese-less pizza. This place is a disgrace to the city of Philadelphia and pizza lovers everywhere! The risotto balls were so gross I couldn't even finish them. They were completely flavorless. We will not be coming here again.(Four stars because I got takeout and can't rate in house service.)
First layer: THE CRUST
Perfectly thin, a little bit crispy with some chewy- flavorful bite to it.
Second layer: THE SAUCE
A touch sweet, but in a subtle way. You can taste the LOVE!! 
Thirdly...the cheese/music toppings.
**Cue a video of fireworks and loud John Sousa grandstand music blaring!**
So damn good.
 I'm no aficionado, but the Trenton Tomato pie and Spicy Sopprasota(sp?) make me want to weep tears of nomness (it's totally a thing). There are flavors that dance together perfectly- the spicy sausage with the honey supported by that crust; the cheese and sauce hugging each bite...
Run- don't walk to Nomad-Roman.Thanks to the other tips on Yelp I noticed this place had a happy hour from 10pm-midnight with pizza starting at just $5. 
I came here with my friends and we had a great time, we each ordered a different pizza off the happy hour menu (they were personal sized pizzas) and we shared and tried each other's. 
I got the classic Margherita pizza ($5) and it was tasty, my friend ordered the Spicy Soppressata ($7) which had honey on it! That one was my favorite. And my other friend got the other tomato pie ($5) and it was about the same as my Margherita. 
They also give you complimentary house made chocolates with the bill and those were crazy good.Excellent lunch before a show.  Homemade bread was the best.  Want to come back to try the Trenton tomato pie.I can't get enough of nomad pizza!! I'm definitely not a pizza expert but I do know that special attention should be paid to the sauce and boy does nomad take great care in the sauce they use on their pizzas! It also doesn't hurt that they use great ingredients and specialize in thin crust pizza. Seriously who like deep dish or really thick dough anyway?? The best part of the pizza is that for some reason it doesn't feel unhealthy! Most pizza you can take a napkin and place it on the pie and see the napkin turn yellow from all the grease, not nomad! This place makes quality food!!The happy hours and two for 1 deals are among the best in the city. Wish the menu was a bit larger with additional choices. Pizza is always good. Consistent.Solid artisan pizza (the wood-fired, thin crust kind). Great for large parties and interesting pizzas all around. There's a good variety of beers too.Went during happy hour where they had $4 beers /$5 glasses of wine and personal sized pizzas for $6 (vegetarian) and $8 (meat). The service was great, the waiter was friendly and the food came out quickly. Unfortunately, all of this could not make up for the bland tasting pizza and the watery tomato sauce. We had one pepperoni and one Trenton tomato pie which were both underwhelming and had no flavor. They were both also slightly burnt. If we had to pay regular price and not happy hour prices, I would have gave them 2 stars.Pizza is great.  We've tried just about them all and they are always cooked to perfection with a good chewy dough.  I also always order the meatball appetizer which has great meatballs and delicious greens.  The beer selection, while not large, has a good selection of brews that you generally don't see in most places.  Service is always very good and nice, however sometimes the wait staff are beyond laid back.  Also recommend eating upstairs because they'll either have an old silent film or old school cartoon (e.g., Scooby Doo) projecting on the wall and there's a lot more room up there.  Definitely a great spot for pizza and prefer it over Stella.Nomad Romano is the new uptown brother of the Nomad in Queens Village (yes, there is also one in NJ , and the original Nomad truck with a pizza oven built in .)
The pizza at this location boasts a thiner crust, and a slightly larger pie ; but is equally mouthwateringly delicious. We had the opportunity to also try out the seasonal roasted root vegetable appetizer, and I would highly recommend it too. The portabello mushroom pizza is my favorite, with the Happy Hour $5 margarita pizza with a glass of whatever the bartender recommends also a great dining experience. Ok, so I've already been here with family , friends, you name it a whole bunch of times in the few weeks since this location opened .On a street with more Neopolitan pizza joints than some entire cities have (Zavino, Bufad, and Barbuzzo), adding a fourth didn't seem like a good use of 13th street real estate. Having tried Nomad's pies recently, however, they do things differently enough to warrant divergences from my more regular options. 
Their crusts, in particular, contrast strongly with those the aforementioned spots sling. The discs of dough arrive wider but thinner, almost flatbread-like in their crispness and texture. A crisp yet toothsome bite with strong, fermented flavors distinguished itself nicely from the usually thicker and puffier crusts that are the norm. I did miss some of that thickness though in the char department; the oven's fire reduced the paper thin edges of the crust to bitter ash.
Toppings, as expected, were top notch. The spicy sausage lacked the chili kick I anticipated but compensated with a distinctly porcine flavor that paired beautifully with sugar-sweet caramelized onions and brightly fresh tomato sauce. That pie tasted simple but still brought a lot of flavor due to ingredient quality. Prices here are a couple bucks higher than at other joints, though the pies concurrently run larger as well. One pie won't fill up two big eaters, but those with more modest appetites can split one without much issue. 
A worthy addition to any Neapolitan pizza rotation in the city.The atmosphere and service is great. We had the fried veggies, which were simply amazing! The Spicy Sopresseta was tray but there just weren't enough toppings to get a good taste in every bite. When you do get all the toppings together it was outstanding. For dessert we had cannolis, which are pretty good. I was told the shells came in fresh from New York today. Overall this is a good place to eat.Went to Nomad on a date.  The place is small but has a nice vibe.  The pizza was extremely delicious but they lost a star due to the high prices.  I probably wouldn't want to pay so much again for a small pizza no matter how good it is but I did enjoy my experience there.Great place for a casual date night or get together with friends! Overall it is a great place to go to! Check it out! 
I enjoyed everything I ordered and the service was spectacular! Pete was our server and he was very friend. He suggested one of the special pastas of the days; Purple potato Gnocchi! The special was very tasty and a perfect portion for an appetizer for two people. I also shared the blue cheese salad as a starter.  The salad was pretty basic, greens and pear but topped with a very good choice of blue cheese! 
As suspected, their pizza is def. the star of the menu! Spicy Soppressata is my new favorite. But if you don't eat meat I recommend the Arugula pizza. 
They also have a 'Beer of the Day' for only $4.  I had a Victory beer that they had on tap.I came in here with 30min to spare before seeing a performance at the Wilma Theater. They were very accommodating and put a rush on my pizza. The pizza was good and I was able to leave with 10min to spare. Recommend.i used to love love this place until this saturday. had a few out of town friends, and cabbed it to  make sure they could taste their pizza; arrived at 11:30 pm and the staff refused to serve us, saying that they close at 11:30, even though the closing time clearly states midnight. and they didn't seem too sorry to deny a large group of us, even after i mentioned how we tried to get here by 1130, plenty time before their closing time. 
anyways, very disappointed by the service, and so were the rest of my crew.I was craving pizza and decided to dine as I've had the pizza truck and enjoyed it. My first time dining in and saw that they do Happy hour, so I was able to be seated quickly on a quiet Tuesday night. With only a few minutes till the end of happy hour, I informed the waiter who was grabbing me water I'd like to order as I previously looked at the menu online. The wine came quick and I stepped away briefly to the washroom to wash my hands since I'll be handling pizza. The Caesar salad was at my seat when i returned and would've liked some more dressing on the side, but it seems the bar staff helping me was too busy on his mobile phone to take care of his customer, so I chalk it up and just eat it. My pizza arrived shortly, the spicy sausage, which is delish as it's a thin crust. As I eat, I notice the my waiter still continued to be on his phone and interacted with the couple next to me, not even acknowledging me once during my 30 minute meal. Maybe because I'm not a regular like the couple next to me or perhaps the other wait staff who previously walked in halfway through my meal. Although i enjoyed the food, it would've been nice to acknowledged aside from my order being taken or getting checked out. I'll just stick to the food truck.I am giving this review 4 stars for a few reasons. Their pizza was delicious. We got the spicy sausage and it had a great flavor. The crust was very thin. Crunchy around the edges but got soggier in the middle of the whole pizza. Our waitress acted like she didn't want to be there. The busboy acted the same way. I liked the pizza and the atmosphere. Compared to my favorite pizza places this is below them in comparison.Who does not love $5 drinks and $5 pizza! Love the simple, fresh flavors and the thin, roman style crust pizzas! Also, I am tired of all the loud crowded places in town full of drunk loud talking people. At least when we were there, it was nice and chill and you can actually talk to each other!The spicy sausage pizza was off the charts! I only wish I would have dined in as it was cold by the time I got all the way back to The Marriott.  
They need to invest in larger to go cups.Nomad Pizza has a unique flavor and style compared to other pizza joints, especially in the area. The pizza here is authentic and the atmosphere is very classy and quite romantic - candle light, big windows, wooden accents. 
The best part is that they have pizza deals not only on Monday-Friday during regular happy hour time but also Friday and Saturday night from 10 pm - 12 am. I ordered the marinara pizza which I loved because it was non-traditional (no cheese) but pulled off being so exceedingly well. The sauce was perfectly spread (just the right amount) and it was a tiny bit spicier than most pizza's I had, which made it even more enjoyable. There were also basil leaves baked on top.
I will definitely be returning here, especially since I only spent $6 a generous, delicious personal pan pizza.My first-ever visit to Nomad was for Friday happy hour with Dining Partner and a friend. We walked in around 5pm and there were plenty of open tables, but they filled quickly within 30 minutes. We decided to split two $5 happy hour pizzas (10 inch, I think) spicy sausage and pepperoni and we also ordered a larger specialty sweet corn pizza ($16). The sweet corn pizza was the winner according to my taste buds, but all of them were delicious. The crust was thin and the toppings were plentiful. We also consumed some libations. I like that the happy hour isn't just at the bar, you can sit anywhere and take advantage of the happy hour prices and it's from 4:30-6:30pm!  I will definitely be back.Outstanding! My family and I were staying in a hotel nearby. It was raining so we needed something close. Nomad was a half block away. The pizza is incredible. Everyone will talk about the thin and crispy pizza. I want to talk about the incredible flavors. We had two different pies and each was so flavorful. The deserts are just as good. Many great beer choices and a full bar. So happy we were forced to stay close due to rain.Yummy food, decent prices. The staff was friendly and very attentive. There was a blonde chick with glasses who helped me. She was great! She was on her A game the entire time and really looked like she was running the whole thing. She was taking. Care of almost everyone and in such great time and manner. She deserves a raise!!!!There were 6 of us having dinner at Nomad on a Saturday night.   We were treated beautifully by our Server Ari and the amazing specials prepared by Chuck.  We had awesome appetizers and killer meatballs.   Their pizzas cannot be duplicated.   Great time made even better because of our amazing treatment.   Can't wait to return.Love the raspberry cider there. Pizza is delish as well.
But how could I miss the happy hour??? So mad at myself right now!It's a good pizzeria for "designer pizza" (upscale pizza, whatever you want to call it).  I'm used to a few other cities for pizza and did not know what to expect.
We had a margarita and a spicy sausage and the margarita was "good" while the spicy sausage was way spicier than I think I've ever had.  I can't recommend the spicy sausage as I thought it wasn't edible.  But I do recommend the classic pies, especially the margarita.  That was good.
The pizza is thin crust and they say "roman style", but having been in Rome I can't remember the pizza this way - I think it's an attempt at one of the Roman styles, and it's done well.  Not a ringer for Roman pizza, but done well for what it is.
I'll say it's a very nice place - good for date night!  Reasonably priced (probably paying more for the environment here - it's not "ultra high end" but it's a step up.  Taste of the pizza is "good" - not amazing and not bad - just "good".  You can't go wrong.Our entire party of six had a wonderful dining experience.. Ari, our server was polite and professional... Didn't miss a beat. The food was great..roasted veggies, fried veggies, the best meatballs... All delicious! We even managed to eat all three pizzas.  Not one piece of crust remained. Everything was great! The KellersJust as good as the Neapolitan location off of south, if not better.  I loved the extra thin crust, and the ingredients are as fresh as anything I've ever tasted.  The location here is fantastic and the interior is charming.  In my opinion, all around the best place to grab pizza in Philadelphia.Listen, I am from Brooklyn. Brooklyn is pizza (and some other parts of NYC of course). So when I go visit friends and fam I usually don't want to get pizza (especially if all they have is Sleezy Gut or Little Shitters etc) because I am usually left disappointed. But Nomad is a safe haven for pizza lovers who can't get Brooklyn quality pizza in Philly. They use all organic/all-natural ingredients and aren't slathering ragu and string cheese on sub-par dough like a lot of other places do. So they are a little pricey basically 10-16 for a medium pie which can hurt a bit, but to not eat garbage and for the taste it is worth it. Just don't go there starving or you will leave still a little  hungry or broke.
I got the Prosciutto and Arugula pie and it was pretty damn good! I would def recommend if you are in Philly and want some good pizza!Mind blown. Nomad Roman has an awesome happy hour $5-$7 pizzas...cooked in a 700 degree wood fired oven-paper thin, ultra crispy, FRESH ingredients, outstanding flavor. Just got back from a 10 day vacation in Italy and this flat out beat every pizza I had there.Pizza was cold when I ordered for takeout, even though I picked it up at the exact time they told me it would be ready.  When i called, I spoke to Madeline and she was combative and incredibly rude.  She blamed the fact that the pizza was cold because they make the pizzas to order and I must have been late (even though I showed up at the time they told me to).  I would only recommend ordering from here if you like freezing cold pizzas that may have sat out for a long time before pickup.Pizza was good but this is the worst service I have received in Philadelphia. I am currently waiting for someone to just take my money so I can get out of here. Our waiter was "Pete" and he was a huge jerk who barely acknowledged our existence. We were sooooo thirsty just for water and it took over twenty minutes just for our bill to be taken. Do not go here if you care about service. The waiters don't care if you try to flag them down. We had to stand up and go up to a waiter to take our money because apparently waving your arms madly after waiting ten minutes is still not enough to get someone to take your money.The moment I saw Nomad's signage go up on Locust St, no joke I told the first person I saw early that morning (well, not my personal trainer who would look at me disapprovingly, but my fellow gym class attendees who were also super excited to hear that). Then I texted my husband to let him know that his love of Nomad's pizza could now be satisfied. He was thrilled - I've never seen him use so many exclamation points!
The week that they opened, I brought home their Arugula con Prosciutto pizza to share with my husband for dinner. The pizza itself was smaller than I expected (I hadn't ever tried Nomad's pizza before), so I was glad that I made a large salad too. The super thin crust was just freaking perfect and deftly held its toppings, whose amount was perfectly in proportion to the crust. The quality of ingredients is immediately apparent with the first bite - creamy mozzarella, sharp parmesan, fresh arugula, and thinly sliced fresh prosciutto. I finally understood why my husband considers them the best pizza in Philadelphia. One pizza, though, is not enough for two people IMHO, and although I understand that since the ingredients are so high quality the cost has to reflect that, they are slightly expensive pizzas. Sadly, they will only be 'special occasion' pizzas, and the rest of the time I'll just have to make my own pizza with similar ingredients - although without that crust, my pizza comes in a poor second!Very good. I tried the margherita and the truffle and both were delicious. The crust is thin- reminded me of Taconelli's. We went on a saturday night and it was pretty busy, but the staff was very friendly and helpful.I've been dying to check this place out because I love their pizza on 7th street. I had the arugula salad/Trenton Pie and my brother had the meatballs. The food is decent but the service is atrocious. We were the only two people there yet we were neglected the whole time. At some point another customer came in and she too was ignored for 5 minutes before someone greeted her. I'll stick to Pizzeria vetri or gennaro's tomato pie. They have better pizzas and better serviceAmazing food. Great for a big party. It would also be the perfect date place. Love the 10-12 happy hour prices and the high alcohol content beers:)This place is the bomb. Came in here 20 mins before they were closing, the seated us no problem and got us our pizza really fast. Ordered a margherita di buffalo pizza, which comes with the softer buffalo mozzarella. It was totally worth the extra couple bucks, it was really good - exactly what I was looking for. I initially thought one 14" pie would be enough for two people, but I was wrong - had to order another one, and that really hit the spot. So it's a bit pricey, but totally worth it. Can't wait to go backGreat European thin crust pizza.  Good atmosphere and cozy place.  The bar is stocked and plenty of draft beer available.  The price is reasonable for an above average experience.I'm a New York pizza snob, and I mostly hate Philly pizza.  Having tried and complained about many Philly pizza places, one fateful day I finally stumbled upon Nomad Roman.  It has been my pizza sanctuary ever since.For me, the thinner the crust the better the pizza.  I don't like being overwhelmed by the dough.  I prefer a thin crust where i can taste the toppings with each bite rather than picking off the toppings and worrying about how much dough i've eaten.  I do believe they could make it a bit crispier.  I had the arugula pizza and thank goodness i didn't order that salad i was eyeing, this pizza was like having a salad.  We had an eggplant fritter beforehand and the sauce was delish.  
I wasn't fond of the hostess trying to seat us in the hallway between the main dining room and the kitchen.  Who wants to sit in a hallway where there's so much foot traffic you can't even focus on your dinner.  It was about 7pm on a Saturday night and there were plenty of seats available in the main area.  I asked for a table closer to the window and she mentioned they were reserved.  I doubt that all those tables were reserved for around the time we came.  She double checked and was able to sit us right by the window.  I've learned my lesson of never settling if your not happy with something especially if it can easily be corrected.  The husband got the spicy sausage and had no complaints.  He approves of the thin crust as well but also mentioned it could've been crispier.  I prefer this location for a fancier night out compared to the relaxed South St location.  However, the SS location has easier and free parking.My boyfriend is a huge pizza fan and he was very excited to try out this place for a weeknight dinner. I am sad to say, it was VERY disappointing to us both. The service and ambience are great, but we felt like the price was not worth the measly wafer thin pizza slice. I was starving after dinner and was not at all satisfied. Dont get me wrong -- the food tasted decent. It just wasn't worth the money. 
And that's the way the wafer crumbles, Nomad.Amazing pizza. I walked out of there thinking this was one of the best pizzas I've ever eaten. We ordered the Margarita de Buffula and it was devine. Add a glass of italian falanghina wine and an arugula salad with lemon and I'm in heaven. I wouldn't hesitate to return next time I'm in philly!Real Napoli style pizzamaking is an art that depends highly on the skill of chef. On the night we visited Nomad, they clearly had an amateur working the oven.
I've watched videos of Nomad's pizza and have seen some very textbook Napoli pies come out their ovens, so I was very disappointed when I visited and got two pies with crusts that were just completely off the mark. 
First, no oven spring at all: no crumb, no pockets of gas, no crispy outer layer and airy, chewy inside. The crust was just paper thing, soggy and doughy. Also, it was tasteless. I'd say this was all due to a combination of a few things: short-fermented dough that had not been allowed to proof, and oven temperature well below 800 degrees. 
The sauce, cheese, and toppings on the pizza all deserve high marks, but the crust was just deplorable for a supposed wood-fired Napoletana style pizza. 
Lastly, they broadcast the message that they use organic ingredients, but I didn't really see any indication anywhere in the menu that the items were organic.Came here for a late second dinner (no judging, people) after a lovely evening at Hop Sing Laundromat. Still giddy from our fancy drinks, we ordered two pizzas and moar drinks, of course. 
Spicy Soppressata: I've had a lot of delicious pizza around the U.S. and in Italy, and I've gotta say that this one was one of the best pies I've ever had. The crust was perfectly thin and chewy. The soppressata was salty and delicious. But the drizzled honey and sea salt sprinkled on top - just wow. What a perfect marriage of flavors. I would eat the hell out of this pizza again and again. 
We also got the Nutella pizza which was pretty large. I would eat anything with nutella on it so I obviously liked this one. I wish they had put more bananas on it! My only complaint of the night. Service was on point. 
Two words to sum up the night: spicy soppressata.Went here on a Friday night. Was told the wait would be half an hour. An hour an a half later we were finally seated. During the meal our wine glasses were taken with half a bottle of wine sitting on our table. When our pizzas came out, the wrong pizzas were delivered to our table. Overall I do not plan on coming back to this establishment and would have been better off calling a pizza chain. On top of this the staff was rude and unaccommodating.Just look at this pizza the pepperoni was burnt I couldn't even chew it the dough was raw in the middle the sauce was watery, such a disappointment for a 14 dollar pizzaWent here last night. Party of 4 and we tried three pizzas: Spicy Sausage, Spicy Soppresata, and Truffle Pecorino. All were delicious. Great, thin, crispy crust. Topping were delicious. Staff was very attentive and had great recommendations. Glad we discovered this place. Ambience was nice. Doors to the street were open to enjoy the weather. Would definitely be back if we didn't live in Atlanta!Truly excellent Pizza but you need to go with a crowd so you can try as many of the different types as possible. Also do not miss the meatballs  and the ricotta and pear appetizers, which go well with the custom cocktails. Wine list is pretty good and the beer selection is excellent. The women who waited on our group was knowledgeable and guided us well as to how much to order. Definitely going back.I went here for lunch for the first time.  The place is gorgeous and the service is great.  My friend and I ordered the fried brussel sprouts and Arugula pizza.  I have to be honest and say it was not the best pizza I've ever had.  The brussel sprouts needed a bit more seasoning.  And the pizza was good.... but just good.  I've heard so many great things about Nomad.  But honestly, was a bit disappointed bc it did not give me the urge to tell people "OMG you HAVE TO go there!".  Sorry, Nomad.Two words: happy hour. The pizzas are cheap ($5-7) so you can afford to try a few and get a couple of glasses of wine (also $5) while you're at it. Be warned, they cool down pretty quickly, and then they don't taste nearly as good. I recommend the Trenton Tomato and the Spicy Sausage!So I am not a huge fan of pizza, but this was pretty good! There are tons of varieties and all have a very nice thin crust and fun toppings. Two pizzas were plenty for three girls. The inside is also very cute for a fun group date. We tried the arugula and upside down pie, both had tons of flavor and were delicious. Our service was really slow though, and we never got an appetizer and they also ran out of cheesecake. But they made up for it by providing complimentary banana ice cream which was just OK. Overall I think this is definitely a spot to try for people looking for a fun new restaurant that are in the mood for pizza but not the dough! Ooo for some reason the music got really loud towards the end of the night, so not sure if this turns into a bar/club at night?I am a huge fan of this place. This may be one of the best pizza places in the city.  Extra tomato on the Trenton pie makes for amazing pie.So happy to see this addition to my 'hood. 
Outstanding pizza. Hot & fast. I took a splurge on the white - which I usually avoid - and I'm glad I did.  Too many places overemphasize the garlic but Nomad's amount is subtle at most, just right. The crust is the best - thin, crispy & a little charred. 
Nice relaxed atmosphere with plenty of wood & bricks too.We randomly stumbled across this location and decided to give it a try. Their pizza is amazing with super thin crust.  We tried the Spicy Soppressata....delicious!...The pizza was large enough to fill two people.  We decided to get a bottle of wine and everything was reasonably priced.  We were seated right away and the service was excellent.  I will definitely be visiting here again soon!I come here way more than I should since I live right across the street. It has become my go-to pizza dinner place (Mama Angelina's down the street on Locust for late-night/drunk pizza). It has has a classy, I'm-So-Fancy-Even-Though-I'm-Eating-Average-Pizza kinda vibe. I've had better pizza, but this place is still up there on my list! The portions are great too. I can easily eat a whole pizza by myself. I suggest getting a variety when you are with a group. 
Nomad has a great HH on weekdays - even on Saturdays from 10pm-12am!Damn good pizza. I was here with a group of 8 over the weekend. Staff is very kind (for the most part, especially the bartender Liz!) and the pizza came out almost immediately.
Only issue is that the server did not respond to questions and seemed like she wanted us gone ASAP. Only came for drinks once and repeatedly ignored my request to have each pie cut into 8 instead of 6. Oh well.Nomad Roman is my go-to pizza spot. The staff is friendly and helpful, but most importantly the pizza is delicious! They have a great margarita pizza, but if you are in the mood for something more adventurous try the Trenton, a spicy cheese pizza. It is very good AND unique! 
The happy hour here is great, offering a variety of beers, wines, and cheap pizzas. 
Typically, they give you a small piece of dark chocolate at the end of your meal which is a nice treatGo during happy hour please and buy the $5 pizzas. Just such a great deal, and the pizza is so good.Watermelon radish in my salad.  Asked our waitress about it and the chef sent out a whole radish to take home.  Awesomely happy I am!I was recently in Philadelphia for a week, having visited many times before. I was looking forward to the food, as there are so many wonderful options for eating in the neighborhood. On a lark, I chose to go to Nomad one night with friends. There's really no way to express how delighted we were with the choice. We had a starter that was a special for the night. Delicious. And the three pizzas we shared were equally tasty. 
At least in the winter, if you go with just one person, try to sit in the back where you can watch the pizza being prepared.
Now, for the ultimate compliment, I'll simply say that I returned for a pizza on my own (the spicy soppressata, with its drizzle of honey) as I wanted to have one all to my self, without sharing a single bite!There's pizza, and then there's Nomad. There's nothing else like it on earth!Minus a star because this pizza is stupid-expensive. Once that nice oven is paid off, could you stop bleeding us for good pizza? The only things realler than your profit margin are my food addiction and shitty hourly pay rate. I feel like I also need deduct for service. It took a while for the server to stop orbiting me...he was paying attention to me, surely he was, as I returned his eye contact with my own expectant facial gesturing. It seemed "party of one" was just out of dude's grasp. Maybe this place should give you a sign for your table when you come in alone: YEP, JUST ME.
So I've got a lot of criticism, but I mostly enjoyed ma food here. Namely the roasted brussel sprouts...roman style with crushed red pepper, lemon, parmesan. Perfectly crispy too. The lemon aioli may have been overkill but I always appreciate a mayo dip that someone just gives me. It feels sadistic, dipping something fried into mayo. I'm shamed out of ordering it separately- that would surely make me a fat-ass- but when it comes with whatever I'm ordering...I'll admit it, I love that. Whatever, I'm a pig. Party of one! Treat yo self!
The grilled cauliflower & mushrooms did not come together for me-- the dish was a bit disjointed and the proportions were out of whack. The juices left by the veg should have tasted good, dagummit, but it somehow didn't. I don't know. Confusing.
I got a Margherita pizza to go because it was Valentine's Day and the beau liked a good thin crust. They had the decency to give it a little char. They my peeples. Nothing makes me sadder than a pale crust. Espresso was scrump and in honor of Valentine's they brought a yummy heart-shaped chocolate out with the check. Oh and everybody got one, in case you were wondering. NOT JUST ME.I went to Nomad's last night and I'm glad we chose to go there. My friend and I arrived just in time before happy hour was ending and we snagged the last available table for two. The standard happy hour is from 4:30PM - 6:30PM which gets you a great deal on personal pies, and $5 select beer and wine.  Apparently there is also a late night happy hour which I'll have to check out sometime!  The ambiance is casual but romantic.  Our waitress was very kind and was very knowledgeable about the entire menu.  Luckily for me the happy hour white wine was a Chardonnay which is my favorite.
The two of us ordered three happy hour size pizzas.  We went with the Spicy Sausage, Margherita, and Trenton Tomato Pie.  The Sausage pizza was my favorite out of the three - the sausage was spicy and crumbly, and there were caramelized onions on the pizza.  My next favorite was the Trenton Tomato Pie.  I loved that it had a spicy kick and pieces of tomato (can you tell I'm a fan of spicy food?).  The Margherita was good as well and was oozing with cheese (yummmm).  The pizza itself is made in a brick oven and has the right amount of crispyness on the crust.  I can't wait to go back!Hands down my favorite pizza in philly. My favorites are the spicy sopressata and the Trenton tomato, they're all delicious though. Also, their happy hour is one of the best- good drink specials and even better pizza specials (10" pie for $5-$7).Apparently, I'm the only one who isn't in love with this place. For me it is expensive for what it is. Their happy hour (and sips) is fun because the place feel classier and they do have good deals. Outside of that, I feel like I go in, spend $20, I'm not full, the food was okay, and I always feel like service is slow. I've been twice now and gotten the same type of experience both times. 
Pizza's crust is thin, with lots of charred bits, and sometimes does error into soggy territory.Hands down my favorite place in Philly to grab a pizza. Brilliant selection of pizza - thin crust and you can tell they use very good quality ingredients. My favorites are the Spicy Sopressatta and Nduja - just try these and you wont be disappointed. This place has an amazing NYC like vibe - very cozy interiors with yellow string lights and the classic red brick wall. Also, if you are into smoking hot servers with long hair and tattoos -- please go here haha.Nomad Roman was a PERFECT place for a bunch of my friends to meet for a casual dinner.
The happy hour pizza specials & drink specials are GREAT. I ordered the Spicy Soppressata and some Chardonnay ($12 total). The pizza was really, really, really good. Super thin crust, clearly handmade, flavorful sauce and great product on top. The honey on top adds a hint of sweetness that cuts the inherent spice of the soppressata and combines for a really great, surprising flavor combination.
The decor is phenomenal too. Feeling both cozy and chic, it's minimalist without feeling empty. I loved the wood, natural brown papers, open oven, and sleek bar. 
The service was decent, not great - but not bad. Our waitress, I think, was trying to do the right thing, by waiting for all 8 of us to arrive before taking our food orders. On the other hand, we were creeping towards 6:10...6:15... and wanted to get at least some of our food order in before the end of happy hour. It all worked out, though, and we had a fantastic meal. 
I will definitely be stopping back for happy hour.... whether alone or with friends, this is a great spot for a delicious, upscale pizza.What a great find! About a dozen beers on tap, a really nice variety. I usually have a hard time choosing, so many are appealing. Then the pizza - I'm a serious pizza guy, I'll drive hundreds of miles out of my way to go to New Haven, and the pizzas here are truly excellent. Espresso machine to boot. New Haven, get jealous. And I haven't even mentioned the friendly staff. Apparently only really nice people are allowed to work here.Big step up from Spiga- this may be my favorite pizza in Philly. The crust is the perfect amount of crispy meets doughy meets salty. Every pizza I've had here is delicious and leaves me wanting to try the rest. Last time I was here I got the soppresetta pizza, which is drizzled in honey, making for the ideal sweet and salty combo. And the wine list is unique! Many Spanish options. As it is fairly priced, I'll be making my way here more often. Hopefully these great reviews don't disrupt the ease I usually have getting seated.If you're looking for pizza perfection, look no further than the sopressata pizza at Nomad Roman! Sopressata with honey gives it a spicy sweet flavor that is totally unique...needless to say I'm obsessed. I've had it on more than a few occasions and can honestly say if you're looking for amazing thin crust specialty pizzas...this is the place. The Italian sausage pizza is good too!
Not to mention that their happy hour is the best kept secret around! $5 pizzas (usually 3-4 and they change daily which ones are the happy hour special), $5 wines (1 red and 1 white) which also change, and beer specials to boot! 4:30-6:30 yummmNomad Pizza was a great experience. I got a Truffle Pizza and a Lemonade. Both which were on point. At first, I was uncertain due to the higher prices. However after eating the pizza, I understood why people love this place. The pizza was flavorful, thin crust, and not greasy. After eating most of the pie, I did not feel like I was greasy or in a food coma. The waiter who served us was very friendly. There were a lot of people there on a Friday night which is always a good sign. I will be returning and this time with my fiance since he will eat so much.Nomad has one the best happy hour specials with $5 pizzas and great drink specials. The crust is really thin and the pizza is full of flavor. The happy hour pizzas are personal pizzas so definitely could eat one to yourself. 
The atmosphere is very cozy with romantic lighting. The staff was also very friendly and gave us many suggestions as to what to order. We ordered the Trenton tomato pie with fresh mozzarella which was delicious! 
At the end of our meal we received house made dark chocolate which was definitely a good surprise as I personally love sweet treats.Even better than their South Street location. Gotta love that super thin and crispy Roman-style crust. The pizzas "feel" bigger so it seems like you're getting more food for your money as well.
The decor seems a bit more upscale here (gayborhood appropriate, perhaps). Service was kind and prompt.
Roasted root salad (amazingly rich balsamic flavor) and spicy soppressata pizza FTW.
Dare I say this is my favorite pizza in Philadelphia?This is my favorite place in the city for pizza so far. It's amazing and super consistent. Additionally, go on Tuesday for buy one get one free, or cheap mini pizzas during happy hour, for awesome value! Their best pie is the spicy soppressata because the sweetness of the honey adds this amazing contrast.This was my first time ordering to-go from this location and let me just say, we were very pleased!! We ordered two pizzas - margarita and pepperoni and they were ready in about 30 minutes from the time I called ahead and ordered. 
We ordered at peak dinner time on a Saturday night, so the place was packed out. Nonetheless, the hostess was very attentive to us. We had to wait a few more minutes for the pizzas to come out, but the only downside is that the pizzas were not as hot as we would have liked them to be once we sat down to eat. They were cooked fresh though and tasted great! 
The pepperoni pizza in particular was especially good. They used some sort of chorizo which made the pizza really flavorful - in a way I had never tasted before. We'll definitely be back soon and hopefully to sit-in next time!We started going to the original location but it didn't pan out (snow among other things). I was happy to find the additional location via Yelp. It started a little slow, stood @ the front & there was no hostess & couldn't really see any staff but it quickly turned around because of the quality of the meal. 
We went a little after lunch rush before happy hour. We were not disappointed. We started with the house salad- balanced vinaigrette.  We ordered the prosciutto arugula pizza & requested that they add a fried egg.  I can't believe i didn't take a picture but 1) we were starving 2) totally forgot. 
Now they forgot something & the pizza went back for a minute or two but when it arrived it did not disappoint. A different server delivered our pizza and commented that she needed to try the pizza with fried egg. I wholeheartedly recommend that. There is something about a runny egg on you pizza. Now I have pizza in my dreams. 
The server was friendly and helpful. They have a nice selection of beer & wine.  
When we are in town next time, we will return.Great little place to grab a fast bite highly recommended if you are in Center city...