Nook is my favorite cafe in Philadelphia: the owners are very nice, personable and attentive to their customers; the regulars & owners are on a first name basis; the space is  well-used, feels full but not crowded, and is tastefully decorated; it draws a diverse clientele; and of course their delicious pastries are baked on site, so it is possible to get them right from the oven earlier in the day. I take as many friends here as possible.This coffee shop in center city is adorable. The people are friendly and locally supported artists always makes me happy.  A good solid option if you do not want to have to join the Stabucks set.Not a lot of seating, not too many options for snacks/small bites to eat...tables and chairs are uncomfortable, and the wifi is slow as well.Really great place to work. They have some couches in the back, a nice eclectic mix of patio tables and chairs in the front by the register, and a large table at the very front. There are a few outlets available, but not by every seat. The staff were great here.
I got a rooibos macadamia chai latte. It was not bad, but I did think that the rooibos overpowered the macadamia and, at the same time, I wish it had punchier spices. I also got a NY style cheesecake which was good but too dense for me.Had the most amazing yogurt and fruit parfait! The coffee was amazing as well! The barista working was so thoughtful and friendly! I will definitely return if I am in the area again!If only they had longer hours and were open on Sunday!  This is a fantastic place.  The baked goods (baked on premises) are always delicious.  The cappuccinos are excellent.  They don't make you feel uncomfortable if you settle in for several hours to get work done.  My favorite Philly coffee shop.Cute cafe, many different coffee styles for both hot and iced coffees. They have healthy food as well as desserts and treats. The owner is always there and she is genuinely very nice.I went here on a Thursday morning around 9:30am. The cafe is large with plenty of seating. It was busy, but not too busy - we placed our order almost immediately after arriving. The lady at the cash register was very friendly and helpful. She pointed out that there were actually two baked good displays (we hadn't noticed one of them) and she also directed me to a printed menu that was easier to read. She made us feel welcome. We ordered two iced coffees, a muffin, and a muesli. Our total was $14 - so a pretty good price for Center city. The muesli was delicious and the muffin was good - light and fluffy, and not too sweet. I really liked this place and would definitely come back. It is a great place to read or do work. There is music but it's quiet and relaxing. Happy to have found it!Great things about Nook:
-Amazing atmosphere. I forget that I'm sitting on a crowded city street.
-Great coffee and awesome chai tea lattes.
-Fresh and delicious food. You can tell that it was made with care. (The Mac & Cheese is to die for!)
-Free wifi, great for those days when you need to get out of the office/studio and work a little.
-They are super attentive. After only two or three times of coming, they remembered that I take soy in my drinks, and remind me when I forget. :)
The only bad thing I have to say (if you can even call it that) is that I wish there were more outlets by the tables.The atmosphere is great! The servers/front desk cashier people are the absolute sweetest! Like everyone else said, the Turkey panini is delicious. I've had it twice already! I haven't tried their coffee, their Japanese Green Tea Matcha with Soy Milk is delicious. I order it every time :)
They have assorted baked goods that seem to change daily/seasonally depending on the item.
Space wise it is a little small. There aren't many outlets but I'm sure if you asked someone to share they wouldn't mind. The wifi here is pretty solid and fast.
This is my second time here and I am definitely coming here more often!I just finished my chai latte from Nook and I have 2 things to say. 
1. I like how I ordered a small and it was a small...no tall or other size names. 
2. I really wish I gotten a large because it was delicious. 
The inside of Nook is cozy and it has paintings that appear to be for sale on the walls, I'm assuming from local artists. 
I will definitely go back to Nook when I want anything other then plain coffee. I hope more people will stop by instead of going to Starbucks or Dunkin Donuts a few stores away.I'm always on the lookout for a great coffee shop to get some work done, and this fits the bill. Lots of great, comfy work spaces, not too crowded but def. not empty, and good wifi internet. 
Coffee is great, and they can accommodate more discerning coffee fanatics or the regular cup o joe folks. 
And they're good people!Coffee and baked good perfection. And the owners are lovely people. Try the omega muffin (they sell fast in the mornings though) or the pumpkin bread if they have it! My husband and I love this place-- best in Philadelphia.Great mochas!  They make them with double shots of espresso, so you don't have the typical problem of an overly milky or overly chocolaty flavor -- the result is a good mix of coffee, milk, and chocolate.
This alone would be enough to get a hearty recommendation from me, but Nook is spacious and, especially Saturday, lets you linger over a book or computer (with free wifi) so you really get to enjoy the place and not feel like you have to sprint out the door after gulping down your drink.I first "discovered" Nook in 2011 - i was moving between apartments and i was living in delaware for one month over the summer at my sister's house - while waiting for my lease to start in my new spot. i would drive into the city everyday for work and i found a cheapey parking garage on 20th and chestnut which took me past nook every morning on my way into work.  
First off - nook uses french press for everything - even the coffee they have available for on the go. their beans are not fair trade but are a type of direct trade that ensures workers rights and environmental standards have been taken into consideration. 
they offer soy milk and have a ton of different beverages and options. 
this is the cutest little place - it's never crowded and you can get in and out so quickly. everyone who works there, that i have interacted with, has been very informative and friendly.  
it's so funny when i go to nook and it's nice and quiet and then i leave with my coffee and turn the corner to the giant, crowded starbucks on market. i snicker a little thinking "jokes on all of you!"  waiting in line, paying more, getting an inferior latte.  oh well i guess it's better (for me) that this gem is kept under the radar.When I'm travelling through a new city, I love finding little independent coffee shops and bakeries.  Nook is one of the better ones I've encountered in Philly. The coffee is perfectly roasted, without any hints of being burnt or sourness. The baked goods are even better. I only had the chance to sample one of their mini cupcakes (vanilla with lemon), but it was delicious.  Nook is definitely worth a visit, and is a great change of pace from Starbucks.I was incredibly impressed with not only the service and cleanliness but the quality of the ingredients and finished product. The woman behind the counter was so incredibly accommodating. Three of us wanted to share a sandwich and a yogurt to tide us over until we got to dinner a few hours later. She cut our sandwich into 3's and put it on 3 plates with a little salad for each of us. The yogurt she brought out extra cups and spoons and forks. It was so nice of her, because we really would have made due.
I had a "muddy chai" which is a chai tea with espresso. Delicious! The tomato mozzarella panini was on home baked whole grain bread. Fantastic. What a great experience! We all find ourselves in a Starbucks now and again, but honestly, I wish all coffee houses were exactly like this.Good coffee, excellent food!
Came in around closing time during a weekday.  Got a latte, mozzarella and pesto panini and lemon bar.  The latte was very good.  The panini and lemon bar were exceptional! So delicious.  I would definitely come again for coffee or lunch.  
The decoration for the shop is cute with vintage tables and chairs and paintings for sale on the walls.  There are a couple of tables for couples and one larger table for a small group.  Wifi is free if you ask the barista for the password.The Nook Bakery has some very healthy and delicious food options, - as the name suggests - in a nice cozy environment. The establishment has a good location, and kind, helpful, courteous staff behind the bar. Great windows let the sunshine lit up every part of the shop, giving it a friendly, welcoming ambience.Extremely friendly server working the register. Cozy place with comfortable indoor seating. No outdoor seating. Large selection of muffins. The gluten-free corn and blueberry muffin was very good. It was moist and had a lot of berries. My cappuccino was served in a China mug with a foam heart. It had a thick foam. Excellent choice, and a MUCH shorter line than the nearby Bucks. Give this a chance!!Truffles. Coffee Cake. Cupcakes. Breads. Nook offers them all...and some sunshine to help you study.
But the chairs are kind of hard.I absolutely love this place!  I have become such a latte snob lately since I have come across Nook and I refuse to go elsewhere! Thank you for helping me get through my late nights at work with your awesome pumpkin chai latte!Solid coffee spot tucked away on Ludlow street right off market. The spot is very homey and they have a great variety of coffees, pastries, and desserts to satisfy all your cravings! 
The staff there is truly wonderful. Was there for the first time to grab coffee and get some work done. Remembered my name simply from my order and was very proactive in providing the wifi network and password and providing some samples of their pumpkin bread.
The one downside is that it can get pretty noisy and the tables/chairs are not great for getting work done. Tables are really small and especially won't do for group work. There is one larger communal table that would comfortably fit a group of 6! 
Will definitely be back in the future - especially to escape some of the "bigger" coffee shops in town!nice quiet coffee shop to get things done.  soft, charming music in the background with cool paintings all over the cafe.
they serve pastries and sandwiches as well.
soy latte wasnt the best.  after my first sip, i didnt want to finish the rest.  
green tea latte was better-slightly sweet, with green tea flavor.Followed yelp and it led me here.  Delicious espresso pulled by Mike. So sweet and mild, one of the few times not wanting to add sugar or cream. Very delicious coffee. 
I always visit when I'm in town.Holy hell -- this place is incredible.  Stopping in on a cold morning before work, I had planned to get a cup of hot coffee and maybe some sort of breakfast snack, and to do a little bit of reading.  What I hadn't expected was that Nook would have delicious, freshly-baked goodies.  The whole wheat berry muffin I purchased was warm and toasty, with fresh berries baked in.  The coffee, too, was perfect -- not too hot or overbrewed.
I was also very happy with the cafe and staff.  The cafe itself was super clean, with lots of space for fixing one's cup of coffee, and signs for where to leave your dishes afterward.  The staff, too, were really friendly, not just with me but with each other, and very helpful when I had questions.
I was majorly impressed and I definitely plan to spend more mornings doing work at Nook.  It is a breath of fresh air -- we are a city with tons of good cafes, but not too many excellent ones.  Nook is definitely excellent.I've been coming to Nook every morning for the past 2 months and get a 16 oz iced coffee and a lemon poppy-seed scone (which is AMAZING, by the way)! Edna and the crew are honestly the nicest, most welcoming people that I've ever encountered running a business. Yesterday I went into Nook and they were out of my usual scone, so I opted for something else that was also delicious. When I walked in this morning, I was disappointed to see that again, there were no lemon poppy seed scones. Disappointed, I walked to the register and Edna brightened my day by letting me know she had set one aside for me. I was almost in tears because it's the little things, such as this act, that really make a difference. I will happily support Nook for years to come. I don't quite understand why there's always a line outside of the Starbucks just a 15 second walk away, but I'd just like to think those people aren't aware that Nook is just a couple of doors down.This is one of those rare places that you are grateful every day to be able to find amidst all the Dunkin Donuts, Starbucks, etc., where quality is at its highest and the owner/staff are wonderful. I go to Nook to get a muffin every single day. Never had a better one anywhere in the world - they are not highly sweet, and are loaded with healthy ingredients. Prices are reasonable! I drink their tea which is fantastic - far superior to Starbucks, etc.The place is a really cool coffee place, the two people who work there are super friendly and both have excellent memories. I've been getting a large black coffee there about once or twice a week for a month now. By week two they knew me by name, and knew my order which is so helpful when you're running late for work. 
As for their food, I can't be a huge help, however they had this cinnamon bun once, which was made with orange zest, that bun was out of this world. The only sad thing is I haven't seen it in like three weeks. But the day it's there im gonna grab another.I stopped by here again today, my fifth Nook visit, and left with such a "5-star" vibe that I had to update this review. Like others have said, the people that work here actually recognize you and take note. I walked in today and the barista grabbed a cup and said "large vanilla latte with whole milk?" and my jaw must have been on the floor. No one has ever remembered my drink for me before! 
I also decided to try a baked good for the first time today since I know they are all made in-house. I got the omega muffin with berries and chia seeds and it was perfect! I only allow myself one visit a week, but this place makes me so happy. I love you, Nook! Someday I want to stand on the corner a block away and yell at all the people with their stupid Starbucks cups to come try you instead! Whoops- did I just say that?Love. Amazing little warm spot for coming in off the cold, thawing, and enjoying a drink. Wonderful space, wonderful drink.could not ask for a more pleasant place to sit out a quiet morning. fresh sweet potato and pecan muffin with ginger orange tea. my wife had a chocolate croissant with a thousand flaky layers. heaven.Love this cozy neighborhood coffee shop. I discovered it in 2012 and was especially enamored of it the more I got to know the lady running the shop. There is nothing more joyful than being a regular somewhere and it makes my day when they know I want the tea latte, a madeleine, and no receipt. They bake some of the most unique madeleines I have ever had right in their kitchen- from star anise to early grey flavored. Highly recommend the detour from Starbucks.I've never had anything to eat here, but their lattes are yummy!Super friendly staff, maybe a bit pricey but worth it. Especially love their (unsweetened) almond milk lattes, which can be hard to find in Philly.If you are looking for a cozy spot to meet a friend, read a book, study for a test or simply to just sit by the window and people watch - Nook is the spot.  The baristas are so kind and the iced drip coffee is delicious and far cheaper than Starbucks next door!  
Best part about this place is the big windows that peer out to the hustle and bustle of Center City, yet you are tucked away in a cozy & peaceful cafe.The food and treats here are amazing! This place totally surprised me as I thought it was a simple cafe. I was so impressed by their herbal tea selection as well so they hit it out of the park on all accounts. Skip the Starbucks on the corner and come here :)Great coffee and quiche, nice artwork on the wall. Great for when you're in the area.Lovely, lovely, lovely! 
Perfect spot to people watch while enjoying an artfully crafted cappuccino. Craving something sweet? How about a fig and pecan muffin? Two of my favorite foods in one  perfect confection. Love! All the other baked goods look amazing and I had to resist buying one of everything (just to sample...). 
Another perk, the music isn't too loud and the place isn't overrun by the laptop mafia. Hooray for Nook!This is my favorite coffee shop in the city. The owners are extremely friendly and the coffee is always incredible. There is no air of pretentiousness that seems to surround other coffee shops in the city. Everything also tastes delicious!
There are even enough outlets to keep studying throughout the day. I would highly recommend this coffee shop to everyone :)Still love this place for my daily coffee and occasional treats. But I also learned they make cakes to order here. It has become my go to place for birthdays and other events. Chocolate cheesecake. Chocolate cake. Anything and everything is amazing.  My absolute favorite is their tiramisu - it's the best I've ever had anywhere. I just ordered it for my dad's birthday and everyone loved it - and I can't stop eating the leftovers.  Everything is so fresh and delicious and very nice owners.Great place to sit, chat, work. It's never too busy or loud. And most importantly, the owner is almost as sweet as her pastries. 
Lemon raspberry bar was delicious-- a balanced tartness and sweetness, with a gooey middle and soft, buttery crust that sticks together when you put a fork through. 
They make their own pastries AND chocolate. I wasn't too blown away by the dark and stormy chocolate that I tried but I'll keep giving it a shot. 
The panini I had was small but tasty and pretty healthy. However the "side salad" is literally a handful of bagged spinach. 
Definitely making this a go to for coffee and pastries.Quiet, good lighting, floor to ceiling windows, wifi, great art by locals, and places to sit with tables. Nice soft tunes like Cat Powers and Norah Jones, with jazzy covers of popular rock songs. 
Had a spinach and mushroom quiche with salad, only $5, hot and delicious. Iced chai non-fat latte? Wish I ordered one size up, $3.50.
Clean place, friendly service.Delicious coffee with a shot of espresso.  It definitely did the trick.
Three instead of four stars because the cookies - while tasty - were on the stale side.
Great coffee, though.A pleasantly quiet and spacious classic local coffee shop!
We had just finished running several miles at around 10am on a Saturday, and decided we needed to stop by some place for a morning nourishment boost. We stumbled upon Nook by chance, but was decidedly gratified by our experience here! 
He loved the coffee there (I don't drink the stuff so I trust his judgment on this), and we also shared a tasty quiche. But my very favorite part of my experience there was definitely the cranberry millet muffin. With incredible texture and delectable freshness, their muffin delightfully surprised me and outshone all kinds of other baked goods that I've had at other comparable coffee shops. I intend to go back and try out more of their delicious goodies!This was a very lovely, cute little coffee place.  It was quite slow when we arrived (which we are fine with), there were only two other people in there working on computers/writing.  This was our breakfast spot for the day (9/7/13) and although the panini press was not ready/turned on, the very lovely man behind the counter said it would not be a problem to make our paninis, it would just take a little longer for the grill to heat up.  That was very sweet of him to make us paninis at 10 am, about 2 hours before they usually make them.  Being out of towners, we had no idea what time they served what, but were very glad he was so friendly.  
The husband and I also bought a pecan bar(mmm), a cowboy cookie, a latte, and he ordered the turkey panini, and I had the mediterreanean panini.  Everything was so great, (especially the panini bread, that was delicious).  
I am glad we had coffee/food here.  It was so inviting and friendly and a very relaxing, enjoyable place.  
It seems like a lovely neighborhood gem.My husband and I love Nook and its owners, Edna and Mike. Nook is exactly what you're looking for in a coffee shop and bakery: a place that's not commercialized, has great coffee/espresso/tea options, and bakes on-site. Mike is as passionate about the perfect coffee roast as Edna is about her baked goods and the quality of the respective beverages and food reflects this. You certainly won't find this type of dedication in any franchise, assembly-line coffee shop! 
I should also give a heads-up to all brides looking for an alternative to the previously frozen wedding cake options found at other local establishments: Edna made our wedding cake as well as cupcakes for our 170-guest wedding and they were PHENOMENAL! We were beyond pleased - they were perfect! They were beautifully presented but most importantly, they were delicious! All of our guests commented on how tasty our cupcakes were and my husband and I decided that our wedding cake was too good to wait a full year...we had some at the 1-month mark and it was still incredibly moist and delicious!
I recommend Nook without hesitation to anyone who is looking for an honestly good cup of coffee (or a fancy espresso drink - your choice), fresh baked goods (best muffins in town), and a friendly environment. Of course, you'll have to get in line behind us. ;-)excellent coffee and amazing ginger mascarpone cake!  but the mini cupcakes weren't as fresh as they could be.  great art on the walls too.  Really great vibe and friendly barista.On the excellent suggestion of a fellow Yelper,   I made my way here to do a little work between off site meetings. 
Free wifi (with purchase)  was fast and *reasonably* secure.    Plenty of tables and counter space for the laptop inclined, and a truly fantastic fruit and greek yogurt parfait.  Freshly assembled, with no wimpy day old strawberries,  silky greek yogurt,  tasty honey, and a cinnamony granola that I'd bet money is house made.   
What's not to love?My preferred cafe and preferred coffee brew. So much so that I brought a cup of Nook's coffee to another cafe, and was lightly reprimanded. 
I'm a bad person. A bad person with good coffee.
No regrets. Sorry but not sorry.I went back for the muffins.  More then once.  They are awesome, particularly the pumpkin (which I think is seasonal).  I also really love the parfait with greek yogurt, and the croissants.  the ginger pu-erh tea is my favorite, so please check it out.I came here on a whim to get away from my usual stomping grounds and I would walk through ice and snow to come back again. 
The Nook offers a variety of espresso and coffee drinks and teas, the location is open and fun without being pretentious or too noisy for work/study. 
However what has really won me over is the quality of the coffee and food. I orderd the bacon and chive quiche with the small side salad. The light vinaigrette dressing has a soft lemony quality with a tiny aftertaste of honey. The bacon and chive quiche is hot, fresh, a tiny bit peppery and the flaky crust tastes homemade. I don't care how far away from my apartment this is I am coming back next weekend and trying some of the fresh baked goodies behind the glass case.
I have found a new love in Philadelphia, and she is called the Nook.I stopped in here on a Saturday morning to grab some coffee before heading to NYC. I opted for a black coffee w/the red eye - two shots of espresso. Coffee was good and service was friendly. The place was pretty quiet inside and seemed nice. I did not try the food, but will if I stop back again.
I found this place through yelp - I was at 30th street station and looking for coffee that wasn't Dunkin, Starbucks, etc.I love this place! The pastry options are incredible. I had a chocolate peanut butter cheese cake bite! SO GOOD! I also really enjoyed my cold brew. Fast WIFI. Art on the walls. What more do you need?Another contender for best coffee shop in the city. Nook has fresh coffee and homemade pastries perfect for new or veteran cafe goers. 
They showed me a written list of flavors to expect in each brew of coffee, for instance it would say "Kenyan brew: malt, terpeny, pungent" so you know exactly what you're getting. I appreciate that attention to detail. 
If I lived or worked in closer vicinity to Nook I would probably be there every day.A nice "hipsterish" looking place. Came initially for the WiFi which btw works very well! I got the dirty Chai latte but it was a bit too sweet for my taste. Added another shot in there but still too sweet. Looks promising but not sure how the other drinks are.The big hug of a coffee shop the big name places just simply can't offer!  Great wrap around couch in the back area for relaxing or doing work, cozy intimate tables, as well as a coffee bar at the window for people watching.  Pretty big area inside for your average coffee joint.  Artwork is presented all over the walls that is for sale - have to appreciate the support of those starving artists.  I feel like I've missed out with all the times I could've worked from here before... It's the perfect coffee shop - their house espresso is rich and not too bitter - soft and frothy.  The house coffee tastes great as well.  Soft Latin music is playing in the background... Just a nice relaxing spot.  Thanks for providing a great alternative to the pushy lines of the others!On my lunch break today I decided to branch out of the usual Saladworks or cart food and look for something new. I turned in the opposite direction and just walked looking for something interesting close by. I almost walked right past Nook, but I'm so glad I didn't! The place is pretty small and low-profile, so it's really easy to miss, but it's definitely worth checking out. I got the iced house blend coffee, which was very refreshing and not badly priced at $2.75 for a 20oz, and a tomato, mozzarella, basil pesto panini, which was $6.50 and came with a side of fresh spinach salad. The panini was made on a multigrain ciabata roll and was very good. I tried to be good so I didn't get a dessert, though I was definitely eyeing the baked goods. Everything looked great.This place is top notch! I just had the best pannini I ever had. Everything I have tried here is scrumptious. I love this place and highly recommend it!House made peach muffin and french press coffee...What more can you ask for?!Wow. The perfect brew.Their hot chocolate tastes like oreos! My favorite pastry here is the eclair which can be messy to eat but the flavor is worth it. Everyone who works there is very welcoming and nice.I've only ever taken their baked goods to go.  You can tell that everything is homemade and that they use high quality ingredients.  However, most of the times that I've gone their the pastries have been stale.  Their rugelach is great if its fresh, otherwise its mediocre.  I've also had an old, dry cookie, and today I had a profiterole that was hard and crunchy. It's too bad.  Service is friendly but I wouldn't go back again.My new favorite coffee shop in the city! Their coffee and baked goods are delicious. The staff is very friendly and they'll always greet you with a smile. Great atmosphere as well, with comfortable couches in the back and beautiful artwork on the walls. 
The only drawbacks are that they close relatively early (5:30pm) and their not open on Sundays. But Nook is a winner in every other way.Cute, independent coffee shop with good quality espresso and lots of handmade unique pastries to choose from.  I think I had a ginger flax muffin (or something similar) that was very light and tasty.Mike and Edna are the best! The coffee is always delicious (as is the chai) and the food never fails to be delicious. Love having such a great local coffee shop.Best, and most underrated, coffee/bake shop in the city. They roast their own beans in house. (You can watch!.) They make all of their own pastries, cakes, and truffles in house. The owners really care about their customers. I have never had a bad experience. Highly recommend.I've tried many different blends of their coffee and a few of their pastries and everything I've had has been great. The staff there is also incredibly welcoming and very responsive to requests for suggestions. I cannot recommend Nook enough!Decent place, different types of seating and an open area for the line so you don't feel like your in people's way, I always appreciate that.  Free wi-fi if you buy something which is fair, prices were ok and the service was pleasant and fast. Lots of treat and food options too.Cute coffee shop that roasts its own beans.  The staff was kind and knowledgeable about all their products.  Their chocolate croissant had delicious crispy layers.  Americano was good, although a slightly bitter aftertaste.This is a great small batch roastery and bakery just outside of Rittenhouse. A must stop for anyone on their way to Center City. The coffee is roasted on site and it's worth stopping by just to see that. 
The usual assortment of coffee drinks - drip espresso and cold brews are available as well as properly done pour-overs. A selection of baked goods and sandwiches are available as well but to be honest I only had the coffee which was excellent.
Staff are very friendly and the place is very clean with efficient service. I can't really ask much more of a coffee place than this!I highly recommend trying their cappuccino, pound cake and chocolate croissant!!! Great ambience ...loved the artwork for sale...In a city with enough small coffeeshops, this one has me coming back time after time. 
I don't know much about coffee, but every cup I've had is tasty (even when black) and strong, and I also love the iced coffee here. But I do know much about muffins, and the baked goods here are great, better than 99% of the ones I find in other coffeeshops. Even the muffins with whole wheat are moist and soft. I'm especially partial to the pumpkin muffins and the ones with apples.
Lastly, LOVE the welcoming feel. Nook is inviting, from the bell that hangs on the door to the fact that the owners know every regular customer. Love coming back here, and wish I could stay here all day. Alas, I've got to work so I can spend my money here.Their gluten free options are not actually gluten free. According to the employee working the day we went in someone with Celiacs should not eat the gluten free baked goods as they are not 100% gluten free.Great place for a cup of coffee and to get work done. First, the coffee. It's actually delicious - probably the best in Philadelphia. Unlike most other coffee shops, Nook doesn't buy their beans from other vendors. Instead, they actually source their own beans from various places in the world. I'm sipping on an ice coffee right now from Brazil, and it's absolutely hitting the spot!
Second, the environment is conducive to get shi*t done. It's small so not too many distractions, very fast wifi, and an overall cool vibe.
Haven't tried the food yet, but will definitely be making this my go to coffee spot to get work done while having a great cup of coffee.Cozy coffee spot that's just outside Rittenhouse Square. Love how it's small batch, local, cozy and just right for a coffee catch-up date or a solo latte. 
I've only had the coffees here which are strong and smooth, but the baked goods always look tempting.Just look at the pictures - nothing else really needs to be said.   Amazing.  Just amazing.  My favorite coffee shop with the most amazing bakery.  And the owners are super friendly, accommodating, welcoming!  This shop seriously keeps getting better with time - they now roast their own beans and make their own beautiful truffles.  I can't say enough good things about this place.  Everyone needs to stop going to the crappy Starbucks around the corner and come here instead.The chocolate chip banana bread is gold. Eating it make's me thing of the Gwen Stefani song Hollaback Girl because it is bananas !Best place on earth to just chill and relax. They have a variety of coffees but the house blend red eye is my staple. The atmosphere and the baristas are on whole different level and vibe. The music is relaxing and one of my favorite places to go to and cozy up with what I love....Peace & Joy #SRPDivine small-batch chocolates.  
Try the mocha fudge. Literally a 40:60 brownie/fudge crossover.
I appreciate how every pastry is made in house.  My Madeline was a little off in texture (not a tender crumb..or was it beginning to stale?), but the flavor was good.  Coffee's pretty good, but I felt the steamed milk fell flat.  
The atmosphere is truly cozy as everyone else pointed out.  All types of seating, as well. Friendly staff.  I can understand why it's a favorite.
I think it may benefit these guys to focus on just a few great pastries and keeping higher fresh turnover, than having the wide variety...but that's just my 2 cents.Place was busy on a Friday morning. Line was 6 or 7 people deep but they moved through it quickly. I ordered the breakfast sandwich - free range eggs with white cheddar (only option, but was not a problem) and I added bacon. Served on an English muffin. Sandwich was good, but not the best I've ever had. There was hardly any bacon, which I added at an additional cost. Would not get the sandwich again as you can get more bang for your buck elsewhere, but would go back to try the lemon raspberry bars and their coffee.Great iced mocha. First time trying this place and was impressed by the cozy atmosphere and the friendly staff. Will definitely come back next time I'm in the areaA small place, not much seating but I got lucky by catching a spot on someone's way out.
Really nice staff - they know their customers. Lots of people came in for their "usual" which was a cool experience. It seemed like the staff cared about customers.
I got a panini and an iced tea. The iced tea was great! It was a house brew and even had a unique flavor, not your basic iced tea. The panini came with a small salad which was delicious - I meant to ask what the dressing was but forgot. It was a basic spinach salad but still great (I think it was the dressing). 
I'd definitely come back and actually try one of their coffees. It was a really cool local place where they actually got to know their regular customers.Really nice and cozy place. I highly recommend to try spinach & mushroom quiche and croissant. Service is also really nice.Adorable little coffee shop! It's not Starbucks and wasn't crazy busy so I stopped in to blog and do some work one morning. I really liked it except the seating was extremely uncomfortable and tables are very small. 
Lovely, friendly staff!I started college in Philadelphia in August, and since then, I've been going to different coffee shops around town in search of a new favorite. I discovered Nook about three weeks ago, and I've been here about five times since. It's seriously my favorite coffee shop of all time, not just in Philadelphia. 
First off, the coffee is absolutely amazing. I usually get a hand poured kind, but I've also had the house blend which was quite good, as well. Today was my first time trying the decaf Americano (one can only take so much caffeine in an afternoon...) and it's the first decaf coffee I've ever had that was actually GOOD.
I also love the baked goods, but ESPECIALLY that you can get small baked goods! I almost never buy treats at other coffee shops because they're usually HUGE and I don't like having a meal's worth of calories for a snack. However, while Nook has some of these impressive, large specimens of baked goods, they also have tiny biscotti, small tea cookies, truffles, and all their cupcakes are available in small or large sizes. Their sandwiches are tasty and reasonably sized, as well. 
Free wifi, generally quiet atmosphere. As another reviewer mentioned, it can be a little hard to get work done on the small tables, but every time I've gone I've been able to score either two tables together or the larger bench-table thing. Not to mention if you're going to be there for a few hours doing work, tables will generally open up.
There's some couches/chairs in the back that look like they'd be a nice place to sit and talk with friends.
The owners are SUPER nice. So, so nice. I love when you go somewhere and can tell the people actually want to be there. 
DEFINITELY try Nook if you haven't already. 100% better than Starbucks or Dunkin Donuts or any other chain you can think of. The embodiment of an awesome, small-business coffee shop.I don't drink coffee, but I'm still a huge fan of Nook!  Their baked goods are excellent, but, oddly enough, it's the quiche that keeps bringing me back.   It's creamy, without being too rich, and the portion is just right.  I would eat it every day if that were (nutritionally) a good idea.I have had my eye on this place since it's around the corner from where I work out. The name and logo is cute, which goes pretty far in my book. However, if I knew how amazing my latte was going to be, I would have made it a point to come here sooner! 
I stopped in this morning and was so pleasantly surprised. The people were friendly and they took my credit card for an under-$5 amount, so I was already happy. The decor is nothing amazing or incredibly cozy, but since I wasn't hanging out, I won't knock them down on that. Then, my latte came up super quick, which was fantastic since I was in a bit of a hurry. I was seriously in and out in less than 5 minutes, which is more than I can say for any, ahem, large coffee chains in the area... and then I tasted the latte. It was seriously perfect. The man who made it obviously knew what he was doing, and I sincerely appreciate it. It was seriously so good. 
I am already looking forward to coming back and trying one of those baked goods that everyone raves about... If they live up to my expectations, this place will definitely be 5 star in my book! To be continued...Mike and Edna (the owners) are the best. They are always pleasant and welcoming and make the environment a pleasure to be in. Excellent coffee as well!Best oatmeal raisin scone I've ever had in my life.  Reminds me of love and birds chirping.Some of my fondest memories of Philly were spent at Nook. The owners are incredibly sweet and dedicated to the art of making bold, smooth coffee and freshly baked goods. You can tell this is their passion and they get a lot of joy from serving the community. I remember I would always come first thing in the morning to feast on warm muffins which were always delicious, varied (each day is different), and freshly made. My 9 month old daughter then also loved them and I once had the owner make mini apple muffins for her daycare class (highly recommended!). I can't wait to swing by next time I'm I town!When I am traveling I like finding neighborhood coffee shops.  Add this one to your list.  Great coffee and home made muffins and scones.  The scones tend to sell out fast and they are really good.  Read the other 4/5 star reviews like I did and you will make a point of stopping in.  This is on my list to re visit.Best coffee I've had in the city! Have not splurged on any espresso drinks or food but I have tried 2 kinds each of hot and iced coffee, and all are excellent. Prices are about the same as Starbucks. Service is wonderful, and the baristas seem very knowledgeable. I asked how they make the iced coffee and she explained that they used to cold brew but got tired of running out, since you have to make it the day before. They apparently switched to the Japanese pour over method, which basically means they brew to double strength and then pour the hot coffee over ice, ensuring that it's always fresh and not diluted. I have to agree that it's the best way! Ambience is very cozy and inviting. Do yourself a favor and skip Starbucks, and walk the extra half block down 20th to the Nook.By far one of the best turkey sandwiches I've had. If I lived here I would be a regular.Delicious coffee but it wasn't hot enough. Maybe they could warm the mugs. The croissants looked great but didn't have any jam to go with it, so I went elsewhere, Very nice and I'd go again as the coffee was delish!Nook is my new favorite coffee bar. Nook takes their coffee to heart and really makes a good cup.  Mike and Amanda are the normal baristas and really know what they're doing. Their pour-overs are made really well, and use great beans and is done correctly. 
Edna, the head baker, is fantastic. Her eclairs are fantastic, and the chocolate cakes are rich.  The quiche is well done as well, and her mood is seemingly always effervescent. She herself also is very adept in coffee-making as well.  Oh and I almost forgot. The strawberry muffin. Oh God. Muffingasm.
I am always impressed at how well they all know their coffee and make everything well. They will never serve you a bad espresso, and they can tell if something is ever bad.  They will pour it out before they serve you something they do not feel is up-to-snuff.  
This place is phenomenal.
Free wifi, good seating, nice art on the walls, clean, fine bathroom, all the accessories to a coffee shop you want, yadda yadda.  But really, the coffee here is damn good. That's the real reason to come here.I didn't realize this coffeehouse was open near my office and only tried it last week. They roast their own beans and do it daily!  (Also sells their beans).They make wonderful espresso drinks, bake their own pastries and it smells pretty amazing when you walk inside this cute, coffee bar. The employees are very friendly and knowledgeable about coffee! They also, have Quiches and Paninis for lunchtime! So, this coffeegoddess was in heaven when I visited last week. I plan to come back. It is only 3 blocks away from my office. it is vegan/vegetarian friendly. My Caffe Americano was very good and I could taste the coffee. I have to come back for lunch and will soon.The service was super friendly!  I got a large soy vanilla latte that could not be more perfect and needed nothing added.  I also picked up a cinnamon orange madeline and a piece of chipotle fudge.  Both were incredible and it'll be hard to try something new next time knowing how good they were this time!  And all for less than $8 (before tip).  I'll most certainly be back!I'm working from home right now and have taken my office on the road here a couple of times. Good coffee, nice pastries (lots of variety - the chocolates look good too), friendly staff, and somewhat homey casual environment. Generally pretty quiet. I like it! They have multiple cold brewed coffees and they have a small selection of sandwiches and quiches that seem nice, but haven't tried any of these just yet. I'll definitely be back.Great coffee and insane muffins. They are so good, I wish I had bought a dozen of them, except I would eat them all. I would highly recommend stopping by here. It is not super quick to get in and out, so I would be prepared for that, but it's worth the wait!My favorite coffee spot in Philadelphia, by far, and a place I always make a point of visiting when I'm in town. Fabulous baked goods, housemade chocolates, friendly people who love their work and are proud of what they produce, and -- oh yeah -- delicious, delicious coffee. Mike's a real artist. Support these guys. They deserve it.I go into Nook regularly for a Chai Latte - their coffee is delicious, as are their baked goods! I bought a bunch of treats from the bakery for my mom's birthday - she used to be a baker and she had great things to say! The staff are super friendly and I always have a chat with them before stepping out to begin my day. I love the paintings they have hanging up, which are also available to purchase - and I plan to buy one some day! Best part about this place is the smell when you walk in - nothing like the smell of good coffee and fresh baked goods combined!I'm a huge fan of the people who run this joint and have been waiting for Nook to open since Walnut Bridge cafe closed down. They have the delicious muffin market cornered here in Philly and I have nothing but good things to say about their French press coffee and cold pressed iced coffee. With this place opening up, I can't imagine why anyone would continue to patronize the starbucks down the block.
It is clear, however that Nook still has a bit of work to do before it will become a neighborhood institution. The (lack of) decor had me confused if the shop really was open for business. They also have somewhat limited food offerings although, like I said what they do have is crazy delicious and baked on the premises by one of the owners. And it's certainly more expensive than other chain coffee houses in the area but I would argue that it is 110% worth it.
Looking forward to a long relationship with Nook!Nice array of baked goods and great guys working there. Honest fair. 
Who on earth would go to the Starbucks around the corner ??Hm...what to say about my favorite coffee shop? 
Baked Goods - Delectable, moist, fresh, homemade goodness.
Desserts (cupcakes, bars, truffles, the works) - Exquisite, rich, a welcomed treat. 
Coffee - Smooth, strong, the best in Philly, says everyone I know. 
Sandwiches - Tasty, flavorful, filling.
Ambiance - Warm, cozy, inviting, music at the perfect volume.
Service - Sweetheart owners who know your name and say hi to you even when you run into them on the street. 
This is definitely a hidden gem in the city as it's tucked away on a not-so-high-trafficked street. Come for the coffee, stay for all their homemade goodies.I've been going too Nook for a little over two years now and have been a dedicated customer since my first visit. Having tried many of their desserts and a few different lattes and coffee combinations the high quality of their food and coffee has stood the test of time. I reccomend the chocolate chip scone if you are a fan of a more dense and crumbly scone. The staff is always extremely friendly and helpful. The tasty food and great staff are further complimented by the fact that everything from the baked goods to the coffee beans are all baked and roasted in house. What a great little gem of a coffee shop in a city littered with run of the mill coffee chains. Try Nook! You will not be disappointed.A cute coffee shop in Philly. The staff is friendly, but there's not a lot of seating. Also, they are not open on Sundays. The coffee was decent, not my personal favorite. I also had a cinnamon roll, which was very unique. It had a touch of a lemon taste to it, which isn't my cup of tea, but it was obviously made with fresh ingredients. The edges were a bit hard for my taste, but the cinamonny middle was quite tasty.That feeling when you're curled up under warm, fat blankets at home on a cold, rainy day?  That's the essence of Nook.  Artsy vibe with friendly owners, it's one of my favorite cafes in the city.    Nook is a mellow, quiet spot best for studying, reading/writing and catching up with people only if you're going to use your indoor-voices (seriously - otherwise you'd sound like a bullhorn at a funeral).  My favorite thing to get here are the muffins, fresh-baked goodness that just hits the spot!
My only gripe is that aside from the couches in the back, most of the seating in the front area aren't very back-friendly :(Per my husband, they serve the best lattes he's ever had.  My Americano is lovely and the service is on point - great place to unwind with coffee and a treat.Came here based on several coworker's recommendations and fell in love with this sweet local business! Nook is my favorite coffee place in Philly and I'm happy it's so close to my office. I usually get their coffee, green tea lattes, and musseli for breakfast. The owners/workers are super nice too. It makes me happy to spend my money here.
They don't take AMEX, but take other major credit cards.This is my go to place for breakfast and coffee in a busy morning. The owner is very friendly and she tries to remember your name and what you like. I am not a fan of any sweet things but I love the flourless bite here and the all berry muffin. I always get a cup of cappuccino too, and absolutely love it.Delicious coffee & fantastic customer service. 
I had a cup of Ethiopian drip coffee, and it was probably the best cup of coffee I have ever had in Philly. 
Super friendly staff.I'm a sucker for great coffee, and this place has it. They provide their own selection of baked goods to compliment that great cup of coffee, and their chai latte is worth checking out. The eclairs must have been good because they were all out when we arrived!I have not had one thing here that I do not like. Mike makes fantastic pour overs as well as lattes. Edna bakes phenomenal poppy seed scones, cinnamon rolls, espresso muffins, pecan coffee cakes, and the list goes on! Recently I've become addicted to their quiches. Again, delicious beyond words. I've also gotten into their Italian sodas like the blueberry shrub. Worth a try during these hot summer days!
The atmosphere of the cafe is lovely. Colorful art hangs among the walls. Beautiful mosaic tables. Relaxing music. 
If you haven't come here yet, do yourself a favor and try out this local café. You won't regret it, I promise!This place is heaven in a coffee cup. No, wait, it's heaven on a perfectly grilled panini. No, no, it's heaven on a moist red velvet cupcake, perfectly iced. 
Nook wins on all fronts: amazing espresso drinks, sinfully delicious baked goods, simple charm, and incredibly friendly staff/owner. 
I'd travel across the entire city for you, Nook! Thank you.I can't say enough good things about Nook. The staff is incredibly friendly and makes an effort to get to know you. They are passionate about what they do and make you feel good about going there. Excellent baked goods as well. The prices are a little higher than average, but to me, it's worth paying $0.50 more to support local business and good customer service. It's sandwiched on a block between a Starbucks and a Saxby's, and I'll go out of my way any time for Nook!This is my favorite study spot in Philadelphia! 
First of all, the baked-goods are phenomenal. They have a wide variety, from muffins, cookies, brownies, Madeleine, pound cake, etc. Also, it changes all the time, so you can expect something new :) My favorite is the lemon poppy seed muffin that was the best lemon dessert I've ever had-just the right amount of tartness and sweetness. Also, they have a couple of meal options (quiche, sandwich) that are good. 
The staff are nice and the space is quiet :) I just wish they were open for longer hours and on Sunday!!I wish I had gotten their coffee because I would love some actual french pressed coffee but my throat was not feeling too great today so my review is only for their green tea matcha latte which was good but not absolutely stellar. If it was for the matcha latte, I would have given it 3 stars BUT what bumped it up one star was the eclair. I heard what people said about their eclairs and I must agree. It's so delicious. The pastry was great and fluffy and was a little reminiscent of a donut meets bread (soft on the inside but a bit hard on the outside) with that wonderful layer of chocolate ganache. YUM and the cream inside was SO delicious and filling. It wasn't buttery and didn't feel fattening (even though it probably is) but it was pretty yummy and I love it!! Will definitely come back when I'm feeling better for sure!Love the drip coffee and the baked goods.  Great atmosphere too.  Day old pastries are usually half priced.This place is great and so adorable! Stopped in while visiting Philadelphia and so happy we did. The sandwiches are great and fresh! They also have great coffee and pastries. Highly recommended the blueberry crumb cake!I have been going to Nook since the beginning days of Walnut Bridge Coffee House back in 2005. With more space than its predecessor, Edna is able to concoct even more delicious baked goods and homemade specialties. Her strawberry rhubarb muffins are my favorite, and that is coming from a chocolate lover. My wife and I asked Edna to bake us our wedding cake and cupcakes. She made us a chocolate chip carrot cake for ourselves, and for our guests, she made dark chocolate cupcakes with a dark chocolate truffle in the middle and key lime pie cupcakes. They were amazing, and I can still taste them in my dreams. Mike doesn't just make great coffee. He is constantly trying to improve on the taste of all of their great espresso beverages. My favorite is the iced mocha. Yes, not surprising coming from a chocolate lover. Everyone that works at Nook is friendly, and since I have moved a little further away, I am still happy to walk past about five other coffee shops to get to Nook. You cannot get Nook's quality baked goods or friendly service at the usual chains and Nook does not have the snobby vibe that many of the other local coffee bars have. I am a customer for life.I used to live around the corner from this place and was a regular. The coffee is on point. The baked goods are wonderful and the owner/worker always helped me pick out a new item to try. This is small batch baking so when it's gone, it's gone, but that also means that the goods are fresh. 
You can go there for lunch as long as you don't want anything too complicated. If you're looking for a sandwich and a side salad, you'll be just fine. The quiches are also very good and buttery. 
You'll find plenty of people with their laptops open here. It's just a nice, neighborhood place.This is a strange little place, but all of the more reason why I love it. It has limited seating, and the seats are situated in kind of a chaotic fashion, but the coffee drinks and sweets are delicious, so it's all worth it. I got a latte and a coffee crumble cake, and both were of the tastiest I've had In the City. Once we found seating, my buddy and I really enjoyed hanging out in this shop. The front windows bring in good lighting and the decor is funky and original. This would be a great place to bring a book and vegetate with a nice cup of coffee. It is in a nice convenient location in center city too.Love everything about this place! From the best coffee I have ever had to the baked treats. I have never walked away from this place disappointed!Great coffee. Great keish. Great service. Their cookies are really good and they're on grub hub which makes ordering for lunch a breeze. One of my favorite spots, really low key and inviting.The coffee is delicious, but if you don't like the beans they're brewing that day, they'll make you a cup to order. Which is awesome, except that you might not remember to drink it once you taste a muffin. I don't even like muffins, but they're that good!
It really doesn't matter, though: I've only been here 3 times (all weeks apart), but they still treat me like a regular and remember what I like (and seem genuinely distressed to not remember my name, even though they've barely seen me!). Service that good is hard to come by, so it's amazing that the coffee and food are so good too!I love Nook. While a bit expensive for a coffee shop, their coffee is pressed separately and they have delicious, fresh baked goods. I specifically like all of their muffins. They always have a good selection, and it's different every day. Love the multigrain ones.
The atmosphere is nice, with local art on the walls, and regular customers in and out all day.
I've never tried any of their sandwiches, but will make it a point to soon enough.
Perfect place to stop in for a treat.The best cup of joe I have found in the city.  I have heard the baked goods are fantastic and by the smell of the place at 8 AM, I believe it.  I have had lattes, iced coffee, and traditional coffee. Everything has been top notch.  The barista really knows what he is doing.  This place never seems to be too crowded and I am sure that is due to the Starbucks a block away.  I hope that doesn't hurt them too much over time because this is truly a hidden gem!Honestly the best hot chocolate I have had in a long time. Want to fly back just for another cup!Whenever I go to Trader Joe's, I usually end up walking by Nook Cafe, but I'm someone who doesn't go into a place they can't see into (weird, yes). But on a grossly hot day, and after a stressful week, I just decided to walk in and get a pick-me-up. Once inside, it seemed like such a cute place, although slightly oddly located near Market Street IMHO. There were small groups of friends sitting and chatting, and also people reading or on their laptops. 
I walked up to the counter, took one peak at the baked goods, and couldn't say no to anything that I saw. I got a bunch of different delicious goodies to take home for later, and also a Matcha iced tea latte - which was the best drink EVER! It tasted like real matcha, so they must use it (which explains the price). They used soy milk without asking me, which was fine but heads up to anyone who may be allergic. It was the perfect cool, refreshing beverage that day. The treats I shared with my fiance that evening: 
Nutella mini cupcake: a moist chocolate cake with bittersweet chocolate frosting, it was delicious but not exactly nutella since I couldn't taste any hazelnuts
Mocha cupcake: this chocolate cupcake was surprisingly dry, and had a buttery, creamy mocha frosting that barely had any flavor, though
Carrot cake cupcake: a moist, light carrot cake with small raisin bits and a thin cream cheese frosting spread on top, it was delish!
Red velvet cupcake: this was a slightly dry cake, I guess we consumed it too late after it was baked that morning, the cream cheese frosting was the perfect amount
Ginger mascarpone bar: this really tasty bar had layers of creamy, sweet mascarpone betweent he sponge cake, with graham cracker-like crumbles on top. The light ginger taste was barely there, though; the mascarpone flavor was more prominent despite the bits of candied ginger within it
Nook Cafe is a lovely neighborhood place to get a beverage and some freshly baked goods, hang with friends or do work. I'm certainly not going to just walk past now that I've visited!The boyfriend and I visited Philly for 4 days and this was our first food stop. The turkey pesto panini is delicious and the Mac and cheese is the bomb!People - 5/5. Everyone was super nice. The employee was very polite and helpful. They had a pitcher of water out so you didn't have to ask for a cup of water
Seating - 2/5. Was trying to study and none of the spots were good for prolonged sitting. Maybe thats on purpose. Small tables that were uneven. 
Music- 3/5. Was playing country music, just not my thing but the volume was okay
Food & Drink - 2/5. I always get a croissant and an espresso. The chocolate croissant was okay, would have been nice if they could heat it up it didn't look like they had equipment for that. The espresso was the most acidic thing I have ever tasted. I didn't enjoy it, but everyone else seems to like their other drinks so maybe thats the move.So comfortable to hang around. Owner lady was so so nice. I stopped by couple times after my yoga class and had good spirit. The owner lady had too! She smiled to customers and was very kind. I instantly liked this place. I got small coffee with their home made ginger mascarpone cheese cake. So so so so good!!! Not sweet at all and they use fresh ingredient. 
2nd time I was there, I got large cup of green tea, they charge same price for small or large cup of tea so why not. Also tried her ( owner lady baked everything in the kitchen and brought sweet out) peanut butter chocolate cup.  Yum. Everything is very affordable here and again, fresh.I still want to toot the horn about the baked goods. As I mentioned in my original review, Edna baked our wedding cake and cupcakes. Not wanting to stray too far from tradition, we saved the rest of our personal wedding cake and had some at our 1-month wedding anniversary as well as our 6-month wedding anniversary. My husband and I were amazed that, after 6 months, the frozen cake was STILL moist and delicious (once we defrosted it, of course). A lot of couples I have talked to say that their cake is just gross at the 1 year mark. I have no doubt that ours will be delicious, because Edna is a baking phenom.Things I loved:
- The coffee, ours was pretty fresh. I love French Press!
- The baked goods, which have the same deliciousness as Walnut Bridge's baked goods. Just as I remember it! The muffins, the cake, the scones... YUMMMM
- The people. Still amazingly nice and wonderful!
Edit:
- The new decor... No longer empty!! :) The couches are super comfy and everything is all set up...Wow; I can't believe I haven't written a review of Nook yet.
I stop in almost every day. They have the best coffee I've found so far in Center City, and I love that they brew each cup to order. In addition, there are always a few daily brew options, and time is taken to tell you about each bean/roast and make a recommendation. And the baked goods! So good. I've never been disappointed with anything in the case.
My favorite thing though is the yogurt parfait because of the homemade granola. SO good.
Lastly, the space is open and bright - there is an entire wall of windows, and they don't cram in a ton of tables, unlike some other shops in the area (*coughSaxby'scoughcoughLaVa*.
Totally earns the 5 stars. 6 if I could...Great place to get coffee and snacks.  I would rather support neighborhood gems like this than the big chain coffee shop on the same block.  I had a delicious cappuccino and muffin there today, and everything looked good.  The baristas were friendly too. There are lots of seating options including a window bar to people watch, tables, and a comfy corner couch.Nook graciously supported my kids old day care and donated 24 mini cupcakes.
I won them - and used them for my child's first grade class.  They were the perfect size and came in chocolate and vanilla.  Cute sprinkles on top, too.
Will definitely come back for more cupcakes and to try the coffee drinks.
Excellent, friendly service.
We are thankful for their support and yummy treats,best coffee and BEST food from a cafe maybe in the whole city. everything is homemade at shop, maybe at all times of the day. Always see people cooking/baking whenever I go in. They have the most incredibly fresh and delicious muffins and pastries that remind me of my grandmothers baking. How a cafe should be! love.This cute, well lit cafe is a comfortable place to sit down with a hot chocolate and a pastry and get work done! The natural sunlight and the smell of fresh pastries gave the room a cozy feel. I highly recommend connecting to the free WiFi and working here.
Downside: Not many outlets.My wife and I have popped by Nook from time to time ever since they opened on 20th and I tried Mike's americano.
Mike consistently makes a solid americano. He prepares each espresso drink with small-batch focus.
I think that small-batch focus is what makes Edna's bakery work so well too.
Everything from the bakery is delicious and made from quality ingredients. 
We usually come for coffee and/or tea - sometimes a treat as well.  We had lunch at Nook a couple of times with out of town guests, both times were excellent. 
CLOSED SUNDAYIt's my husband who is obsessed with this place, but I must say I am a huge fan as well of the pour over - even if I can't make it in as often as he can as he works within walking distance.  
Mike and Edna couldn't be nicer or more knowledgeable.  Not just a good cup of coffee, but a truly enjoyable coffee experience.  Baked goods are delicious and store is somewhere you really want to sit down and stay awhile.  I always look forward to coming back.Simple Formula:
Great Product (Baked Goods & Coffee)
+ Superior Service 
+ Good Atmosphere
= The place you should go.
You will not be disappointed  with this place.  The owners are really cool coffee/baked goods people.  They love their product and love making their customers happy.  
One time, I bought some cupcakes that were a touch dried out. I went back and they apologized profusely and of course replaced the items.  People make mistakes/things happen. It's great to see that they will mollify the customer and correct the issue.Popped in as I was nearby and wanted to go local. Staff was pretty friendly and they seemed to know their regulars by name. Nicaraguan pour-over was quite good. Breakfast sandwiches were tasty but perhaps a little overpriced for what they were and weren't very hot despite being made to order.I got the turkey panini, pretty delicious. I didn't expect much for a coffee shop but this place has pretty decent food for sure. I also tried their little chocolate ball, quite tasty.  Biscotti and coffee were good as well.
The staff was very friendly and the overall atmosphere was very cozy. I would definitely come back again.Small menu choices as far as entrees go, but lots of baked goodies and chocolate to choose from. Glad to find a cafe that offers loose leaf chai lattes. I had the turkey paninni which is deceivingly filling and so delicious. I also had the lemon raspberry bar-yummy. Everything was wonderful, will definitely revisit to try their coffee which looks like they roast in house, in small batches.Great place to get coffee while getting work done. Tasty fig and almond muffins! Great coffee and coffee drinks!This is a really cute little coffee shop! I was in the city when it started snowing, so I ducked in here and got a muffin and a chai tea latte. There was plenty of seating and it wasn't too busy or noisy. My food was delightful, and I enjoyed relaxing and people-watching out the window until the snow cleared up.Great and fresh food. The girls kindness is remarkable. Also they have free wifi and plug for iphones and pcs.Best Chai Latte I've ever had for two reasons:
1. They had pumpkin chai...in the spring, so they already get automatic respect for bucking the system.
2. They have macadamia nut milk. Yup. You read that right, but I'll type it again: MACADAMIA NUT MILK. Just when I thought my love of cashew milk could never be topped...Just wanted to confirm that Nook is still my favorite coffee shop 6 years after I wrote the last review. I've been finished with school for almost 2 years now (I bought my graduation cake from Nook, too!), but I still try to go back every time I'm in Philly. Mike and Edna are the sweetest people, and the coffee and baked goods are delicious.Nook is a super cute coffee bar recently opened by the former owners of the Walnut Bridge Coffee House.   Despite Walnut Bridge's overpriced menu, I did love their coffee, attention to detail, and beautiful display of petit fours.  
The petit fours are gone, replaced by baked goods I've yet to try.  Everything smelled wonderful. 
My coffee?  Not so great.  The One Village Coffee is made in a french press, then held in thermoses for keeping.  I found my cup to be surprisingly weak and watery despite a plunge in the press.  By using freshly roasted beans, they have a lot of control over acidity levels and keep these relatively low, but body was severely lacking in this cup o' joe.  I'll give it another shot -- they're nice people and the baked goods still smell great...   Let's call this 3.5...TL;DR - My favorite place in Philly - great coffee, excellent baked goods and the friendliest small business owners you can find.
Over time, perhaps I've become biased. I've been coming to Nook for coffee, breakfast, snacks and treats for so long now that I may just love the place by default. But in reality, everyone I bring here falls in love too - the friendly service, the unique artwork adorning the walls, great coffee...and wildly good food.
I keep most of my drinks simple here - coffee hot & iced, with the occasional iced tea or latte. I'm never let down - Mike is a coffee connoisseur and it shows.
But in Center City Philly, there are no shortages of great places to get coffee. Beyond the friendliness of the owners (Mike & Edna), it's the food that sets Nook apart.
The muffins and scones are excellent when you want something a bit heartier. The bars and cookies (especially the cowboy cookie) are delicious treats. We order our Thanksgiving pies here too - they're not cheap, but they earn rave reviews. When you need to go a bit healthier, the Swiss Muesli is heaven.
You won't be disappointed!My favorite cafe in Philadelphia. The coffee drinks are always stellar, and the lunch options are very tasty. 
The two things that set them apart are the service and the baked goods. The couple that runs the place couldn't be sweeter. And every dessert I've tried out of their kitchen has been outstanding! I especially like the number of smaller, lower-price items; it's great to not have to commit to a giant dessert when I can just get a truffle or mini-eclair to satisfy my sweet tooth. 
My only complaint is their lack of Sunday hours. Otherwise it's my go-to cafe in Center City.Nice coffee shop with a good amount of tables and sofas, good coffee, and great baked goods. All of the baking is done on the premises. Really liked the fig almond cupcake. Very nice service also.The friendliest, most cheerful staff. Made my morning!
The cappuccino with almond milk was nothing extraordinary and a little pricey, but looking forward to trying more from them in the future.I have been a fan of Walnut Bridge Coffee House for years and am thrilled that the fantastic coffee and wonderful baked goods are available again right nearby.
The iced coffee is, I think, the best in town; the new cold brew method makes for a very smooth flavor with no acidity.
And, as others have pointed out, the baked goods are amazing -- the berry muffins are my favorite, except when the seasonal fig muffins are available.  Or when I'm feeling decadent and have to have a chocolate chunk scone.
Plus the owners are wonderful people and the barristas are great.
Abandon the *-bucks habit and make your way to Nook!I've said it before and I'll say it again: I'm not a coffee drinker. Where else would I go to spend some time waiting for my friend to pick me up but a coffee shop? I'm not going to while away an hour or so at a Mickey D's. So, as soon as I hit Philly I searched for free wifi and it led me here. So a non-coffee fan like me has to have a couple of tricks up his sleeve when it comes to coffee shops. Fortunately, they had iced tea here and sandwiches, which was exactly what I needed. 
The panini sandwich was good with a small green salad with a sweet dressing on the side, it was gone within seconds. Within those seconds though, it seemed like familiar faces were like regulars and regulars were-well I saw one gentleman walk in with a cup of his own had it filled up, made some small talk and then paid, almost like an afterthought and for a second, I thought maybe he was on an IOU system. Even though I was at Nook for a little under an hour it was definitely friendly and welcoming for sure.I was a big fan of the former Walnut Bridge Coffee House, but luckily Nook is even closer to our apartment!  The owners couldn't be nicer and the coffee and iced tea are delicious.  It's close to Starbucks and Dunkin Donuts, but I hope people who care about good coffee won't get swayed by the chains.This is my go to breakfast and coffee/tea spot in the morning, I absolutely love it! The owners are so kind and sweet and they try to know all of their customers and their names. I've tried their Chai tea latte and its delicious and aromatic, but my favorite is the matcha soy green tea latte. The matcha latte is good both hot in the fall and winter, and great over ice as well as a refreshing drink in the summer and spring! They have delicious muffins as well. My favorite is the berry muffin, but if those aren't in stock, their banana chocolate chip muffins are delicious as well!First Yelp review for my new favorite little coffee bar and bakery. I stopped by on my way to work this past Tuesday and have gone back everyday since for their coffee. Since, I have also tried a couple of their to-die-for pastries. 5 stars for their coffee, 5 stars for their baked goods, 5 stars for the cozy environment, and 5 stars for the phenomenally friendly staff!!Attention Coffee Snobs! 
If you are in Philadelphia and want to go to a place that takes coffee seriously Nook is your best bet in downtown Philadelphia. Between Mike (the owner) and Amanda (their best barista) decades of coffee knowledge come together in a laid back, unpretentious environment with good music.
Not only does this place offer a rotating menu for pour over coffee (Hario V60 of course) with some occasional tasting notes, it offers a high quality selection of beans from One Village Coffee and Gimme! Coffee all roasted usually within the past two weeks (of course the stuff they serve you is extra fresh by the nature of economy of scale). This is the place that I go to buy beans and grind fresh in my office. I was a lost coffee disciple wandering for years in Philadelphia, doomed to order coffee online and pay high shipping prices before I found this place. Also, for people who want coffee making supplies, they usually keep a table set up with a variety of grinders, french press, pour over, and other coffee making options. 
For all of you non-coffee snobs have no fear! All the drinks are delicious and the bakery always provides a great snack. The quiche is particularly delectable, but a tad on the pricey side (on par or cheaper than Rittenhouse prices). The day old muffins are cheap ($1.25) and still very tasty! Come to work (free wifi with purchase), come to hang out, and if you feel up to it, come to love coffee as God intended - black pour-over at Nook.I stumbled upon this coffee shop one afternoon and was pleasantly surprised by the homey and cozy interior. I was looking for a place to buckle down and study and the tables seemed a bit small, but I was lucky enough to grab a seat right up front at the picnic bench table, which had ample space to spread out! Unfortunately my almond latte was not very good, especially considering it was steeply priced. Don't think I'd come for the coffee, but a pleasant place to study!Nook has amazing customer service.  It only took a few visits before Edna knew my name.  She always greets people by name and a smile.  She also remembers typical drink orders! 
The coffee and drinks are great.   
I highly recommend trying their food too.  The turkey sandwich and mac and cheese are my favorite.  I have had the other sandwiches and quiche too; it is all good.  As for the desserts, you can't go wrong. I was lucky enough to get a special order chocolate cake for my birthday - it was amazing.Excellent coffee, excellent chai lattes, and a very friendly staff.  Great atmosphere and reliable wi-fi.  I'll definitely come back!I came here for breakfast in the middle of the week. It was fairly empty. I got immediate service and she was patient with me as I asked about the chocolate babka. The babka was great. I also had the fresh orange juice. I hope more people support this place. I was saddened to see the huge crowd at the nearby chain coffee assembly line. I highly recommend the nook.I was looking for a quiet coffee shop near Rittenhouse and Nook is quickly becoming my favorite place.  Empty on the weekdays and not nearly as crowded as La Colombe or Starbucks on the weekend, they stick to a simple formula: high quality coffee drinks and delicious homemade pastries.  So far, I've tried the banana muffin and pecan coffee cake which were both amazing (buttery, but not too sweet).  The french press coffee is just ok, but the espresso drinks are done with care and the quality is as high as any place in Center City.I only had time to grab a coffee and run, but the bakery section looked amazing!
Coffee was awesome and perfect temperature.Nook is my go-to spot when I want to get a couple hours of work in, but the seating and outlet access can be very limited. They have a good Chai tea latte as well as an assortment of food to hold you over, and the staff is always friendly.Perhaps it was the wrong time with the wrong people. Customer service not too great. Disappointed with the cafe (customer service, quality of coffee, overall atmosphere) after expecting so much from reading all the rave reviews. Coffee bitter and woman behind the counter came out to tell my friend he needed to buy something if he wanted to stay. Understandable but not tactful at all. Definitely crowded...not so clear why it's so popular apart from its location.Yummy coffee and a great lemon poppy scone. The only gripe was that the scone was a bit hard, i wish it was a tad softer. However the lemon icing on top was $$$$$$. It wasn't too sweet nor sour.
The latte was the perfect amount of espresso and milk, so it wasn't too sweet nor bitter. Great small coffee spot.Best coffee in the city and a really friendly staff.  The pour over style gives a really rich flavor that is worth waiting the extra five minutes.  With regards to specialty drinks, the Cortado is really nice.  They also have their iced coffee in both their Nook Blend and a Costa Rican Blend that works really well.The boyfriend and I visited Philly for a couple of days and this was our first food stop. The turkey pesto panini is delicious and the Mac and cheese is the bomb! Quiet spot, it is an art gallery as well, thought that added a nice touch.What a great, quaint coffee shop! And they have drool-worthy desserts to accompanying their freshly brewed (or dripped if you so prefer) coffees! Dropped by to put in a couple hours of work and the only thing I found slightly disappointing was their early closing time.Nook may have the creamiest, most decadent chai latte I've ever encountered. 
It's like really freakin' good.
They also carry a variety of loose leaf teas and legit coffee brews. The vibe is laid-back and the café quite spacious - there always seems to be ample seating when I've passed through. Local artwork adorns the walls & savory/sweet treats fill the glass casings. I'm definitely feeling the love.
In all of my supreme authority (and whatnot), I proclaim it the "homiest" café in the center city square. Fine job, Nook, fine job.Great cafe. Tons of fun baked goods with vegan and gluten free options. There is plenty of space to sit and do work and the drinks are reasonably priced. 
I got a delicious lemon/raspberry bar and an iced tea for around $6 total which is a steal in Center City. The barista was very kind and they have a solid WiFi connection for customers.
Overall, solid coffee shop.I come here all the time. Owners Mike and Edna are great folks, work hard and put out really good quality coffee, baked goods, and a small yet solid selection of sandwiches  and lunch options.  
Comfortable environment to write, read, do work. Very little pretense and the rare combination of being hip--always great art on the walls and good music playing--yet understated.BEST MUFFINS IN THE CITY
Personal Favs:
-whole wheat fig
-1/2 whole wheat peachLove this place. Great responsible coffee, delicious baked goods. A visit is not complete without one of their little quiches. Devine.
The atmosphere is quiet and homey.  A favorite place for me to work when I just want to be out of the house but not in a hectic coffee-shop-du-jour.  The staff are nice and friendly, though not the fastest.  This is not the place to go if you're in a rush for an in/out fast-frappe latte.The staff here is what makes my rating of Nook 4 stars vs 3; they are so nice! I got their nitro cold brew and I didn't really care for it; it was on the bitter side and not the smoothest. However, their Mediterranean sandwich was pretty tasty and the pastries looked bomb. I personally didn't find this the best place to study as it got pretty loud around 1 pmish but I would definitely go again .I'm definitely a regular at Nook. It's a block away from my office, so a small crew of us go there 3-4 times a week. The baked goods are exceptional! In fact, it's a challenge to leave Nook with only coffee. My absolute favorite muffin is the Omega 3 - which has berries and walnuts. The fig and almond muffin is also very tasty. Both pair perfectly with coffee. And what's cool, is they offer a "vintage" selection, which is pastries from the day prior at half the price. I'm glad they don't throw these baked beauties in the trash after the day is through. I always check the vintage section first, because they still taste great, just a tad drier than those baked day-of. The staff is awesome too - very friendly - and always smiling!This is the best coffee shop in Rittenhouse. Down to earth. Wonderful baked goods.  Great coffee.Love this place - delicious coffee, creamy lattes, friendly owners. And the desserts. Oh the desserts. Some of the best I had - fresh, made on location - amazing eclairs, cheesecake, blueberry cake with fresh berries, and the Nutella cupcakes, truffles and so many more! It's this little shop that's a hidden treasure. Only 2 doors down from Starbucks and a thousand times better. Go here and support the small businesses. You'll love it.This place was a little corny - decor is a little too catalog-ordered and the coffee wasn't great. Ordered a ginger marcarpone pastry that was tasty, but I just didn't feel 100% comfortable eating here.Lovely customer service and nice coffee shop. I had the early grey tea latte, which usually had has vanilla in it but I tasted no vanilla. Not a big deal though as the latte was still great.Fantastic, superbly-brewed coffees at great prices. Amazing homemade baked goods. Beautiful open, airy space with local paintings, great quiet music, comfy sofas and a bar. Why anyone would go to Starbucks over this place is beyond me!I don't drink coffee so I'm always excited when cafes offer interesting tea options outside of the regular brewed variety. Though the Japanese green tea matcha ($6 for a large) is pricey it's worth every dollar! Most other matcha drinks I've had leave me feeling thirsty for some reason. But Nook's is perfectly made and not too sweet. Their wide variety of pastries are also perfectly made in house and perfectly sweet!The GF just wanted some coffee. When we got to this place, the alluring aromas of coffee beans and pleasantries kept us for lunch. The Turkey panini we ordered surprised out taste buds and made us want more! 
The atmosphere was quite quiet and colorful with various local artworks displayed. The staff was cordial and knowledgable of their inventory. Would definitely come back and am actively endorsing that if you are reading this, try this spot and be happy.This place is awesome. A bit more home-made than Colombe. I prefer the colombe late to this. But the iced mocha here is waaaaaay better : )  Get the Damon special.My favourite hot chocolate / cold chocolate / mochas around the area. A private little cafe with a lot of care taken in making the drinks and also yummy food to accompany itSeriously the best coffee bar of all times! There food was just delicious and I'm actually not that big on coffee however I was so happy to have tried they're chai latte. Can't wait to take my family here and see what they have to say about this placeI have nothing nice to say about this place. We were simply checking out cafés to hang out, relax and enjoy a cup of coffee. The first time we passed by they were closing at 6 PM on a Friday. Seriously? Right when people get out of work you decide to close? Nice business model bro. The second time we decided to stay and do a crossword while enjoying some coffee. The coffee itself tasted pretty awful compared to other cafés in the area. The seats were rather uncomfortable and their baked good selection was limited and looked unappetizing. The guy gave us to-go cups assuming we were on our way out...
I'm sure the family that owns the place is nice. Still, as a paying customer there are far better places to spend on a cold evening past 6 PM. If this is your business, you might want to make it more than just a hobby. 
Just a suggestion. Take it or leave it.Yummy muffins, friendly service.  Had already brewed my own coffee today, so haven't tried their coffee yet, but I will.Yikes. The coffee is decent but when I asked for an iced latte it had waaaaay too much milk. The proportion was off. Also got a cheesecake brownie and berries crumble bar. Both did not taste fresh, and seemed to be kept in the fridge.Great customer service and the most delicious spinach and mushroom quiche!!
I placed an online order on Saturday afternoon for Sunday morning. (I was scambling to find a quiche for an early morning bridal shower the next day). I received a follow-up phone call within an hour. I was bummed to hear that Nook is closed on Sundays. However, the employee insisted that she would bake it for me anyway and have it ready for pick-up by 10am!! 
I will absolutely place more catering orders with Nook Bakery in the future! That quiche was AMAZING!Everything is made with such care, experience and consideration. There's evidence of this in every sip and nibble.Went to Nook tonight for a gallery showing. Did not have the coffee, but the company, the baked goods,  and atmosphere were spelindid. Will be going back for coffee soon!I love it here. They have fantastic pastries made in house, their chai is sweet and spicy, they do a nice latte and they actually know how to make a cappuccino! The art changes and is always interesting, and the selection of music is perfect-engaging for moments when you want to zone out, but not at all intrusive to study/read/work/chat activities.Nothing beats amazing coffee and homemade baked goods. The only thing that tops it is when love flows through the whole establishment, which it does. There is no reason to ever go to chain coffee shops with this gem around!If you are looking for cute little cafes in the city, you just found one! Nook is the perfect name for the place because it is literally a little nook in the big city. I work around the corner from Nook Cafe and am always pleasantly surprised by what a nice escape it is from the hustle and bustle of the city.
Whenever I go to Nook the staff are always genuinely friendly, a rare treat in Philadelphia. Most cafes in the area don't really care how I am doing but the baristas at Nook always ask and make small talk. They are really sweet.
I have to admit, I didn't like the decaf espresso that I had. I am not sure why it just tasted a little "bleh". The other foods look pretty good, I just never had them. They offer all kinds of sweets that look like they go really well with your morning cup of coffee. If I needed a place to sit down for a snack with some coffee and do work on my computer or have an informal meeting I would definitely consider Nook.