The first time was brunch and it was a sampling of dishes including their charcuterie and smoked fish, the service was attentive, and overall a place I would try a second time without hesitation. However, the second time was for dinner and we didn't finish any one of the three dishes we ordered. Aside from our server, who was again wonderful, the kitchen was definitely NOT on its A-game. The presentation of the plates bordering on sloppy was not what I had experienced the first time and every dish salted to an extreme. Because the difference was so vast, I am guessing that the latter was atypical and perhaps in future, I will go back to see.I've never had an overwhelming desire to try Scandinavian food but I just couldn't ignore all the hype about Noord!
To start we got the Bitterballen which were amazing.  They were more croquette-like than meatball-like...not what I was expecting (in a really good way!). They were crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside.  Next were the Holland Sliders.  I have to say, I was not a fan of these.  I think herring may be an acquired taste (one which I don't think I'll be acquiring any time soon).
For my entree I went with the trout and my friend went with the salmon.  Both were delicious but I preferred the salmon.  I loved that both entrees were swimming in a super tasty broth (each broth being different to complement their respective fish). We topped off our meal with a shared slice of almond butter cake.  Holy shit, be sure to save room for this if you dine here!
The chef himself came out to tell us about the specials and pour our beers.  Service was attentive but relaxed & friendly.I'm really disappointed in my recent dining experience here because I went in with high expectations. I would say I'm very easy on wait staff, but the service here was indifferent and seemed annoyed to have to do their jobs. Our waitress came to our table and barely said anything or looked at us. We waited almost an hour before our food came out and she never checked on us. It wasn't worth the wait. The food was bland and overcooked. The best parts of the restaurant are the view you get of the square and that it's a byob. So I would definitely skip Noord and go to one of the many great restaurants in the neighborhood.I have parties 4 times a year, a "themed" dinner party.  For summer this year I decided to have a "midsummer" party and serve Scandinavian food.  After pouring through my boyfriend's large collection of Scandinavian cook books I came to realize that in general the food sucked.  There are limited ingredients and really, how much salmon and lingonberry can one eat?  So, we headed to Noord to get some inspiration.  I wasn't too optimistic and was not looking forward to wasting a meal in the city on Scandinavian food.  To say I was pleasantly surprised would be an understatement.  We went for Sunday brunch, I had the best omelette of my life, mushroom and smoked gouda.  I would love to know how they made it so fluffy.  Crispy fried potatoes with a sour cream/mustard sauce.  My boyfriend had the open face plate, with three different smoked items atop toast.  I don't remember all three, but I poached a piece of smoked scallop off his plate and was then upset I didn't get one myself.  Atmosphere was nice, BYOB which saves on the bill, which in itself was quite reasonable.  We are definitely going back for dinner soon.Food here is top notch! This was my first time trying Scandinavian food; I ordered Hete Kip Uitsmijter and it was delicious. Eating an open faced sandwich was new to me too, it wasn't too spicy for me. The place was small and busy on a Saturday brunch, finding close street parking was probably the most difficult part.A lovely room.  Attentive service. A weird menu that feels more like lunch than dinner.  The portions were generous.  The presentation attractive.  But everything was over spiced and oily.  Really marginal food.  Not recommended.  Plus, you might think the restaurant is Scandic.  Not so.  It's Dutch and Indonesian inspired.  No reason to return.This was the perfect place to celebrate a special occasion. The ambiance is lovely, candlelit, warm, and friendly. The food is exquisite. Our entrees were delicious, but that's not all. They were also nutritious and well balanced meals. 
There was also a really cute photo exhibition in the restrooms.Great service. Everyone was really welcoming and checked in often. 
Food was creative. Lots of pickling. Favorites were the smoked salmon appetizer and the rabbit.
Restaurant is small but has large open windows so it's not too loud and you get a good view of the street.Small spot with high quality seafood. Granted I made a visit during restaurant weeks. The flavor a of each dish were undeniably fresh and blended so well. The chef here really does a great job plus it's byob! Very nice menu.I ate at Noord within weeks of opening, but just recently started "yelping". This place was too fun, the staff looked like such a fun group of people I wanted to be one of them! The food was delicious, the bread was amazing, as well as the lamb burger. Yum I could rave all day, Can't wait to go back but might wait till next spring so it gets warmer again! Unless I can make it there before its too cold. We'll see, good job Noord!!!!!!!!I really like the different flavors that are used in this cuisine. I'm bored with standard brunch places. Noord had tangy, pickled and other highlights mixed in to their menu. I always pick something new here! Don't be afraid to experiment!There are not enough praises I could give to this little place.  The food was delicious.  The service was friendly and accommodating.  And, did I mention, the food was delicious? Oh yeah, I did, but its worth mentioning twice.
Ever since moving to Philadelphia, my girlfriend and I have loved the byob scene.  We have been to most of the restaurants that people rave about, and have found our solid favorites.  This place is definitely added to the list.
For starters, we had the soft shell crab special salad and the pork belly with egg dish.  The pork belly melted in your mouth, and was a perfect play on a breakfast sandwich.  The soft shell crab salad was complimented delightfully with pickled watermelon.  Now, I didn't even know you could pickle watermelon, however, it made the salad was delicious.  
For entries, I ordered this seafood dish - for the life of me, I cannot remember the name.  The dish was complimented with a spicy sausage and TONS of seafood.  My girlfriend had the rabbit dish.  The rabbit was lovely and tender.  However, she felt it was more of a fall dish.  Although, that thought did not prevent her from thoroughly enjoying it.
For dessert, we got butter cake.  Now, I have never had butter cake.  And, honestly, we were not planning on ordering dessert.  But, how could we resist when the couple next to us was raving about cake.  The cake lived up to the ravings.  Order it, period.
Overall, I am very excited to go back...It is on the list of places to take the girlfriend's parents to (hopefully) impress them.Excellent food!
Gravlax appetizer was the best salmon I ever had.  Carrots and Bitterballen were delicious.
Ordered the open faced pork belly sandwich.... damn, that was good!
Atmosphere is simple and clean, and the service was great!
Would definitely go backI was a little skeptical when I looked at the menu for Noord online, but it is an absolute gem. The food was delicious and the service was perfect - not intrusive but we were not ignored. The restaurant is cozy but they don't jam the tables in so that you can't move around. We will be back!I've been here a number of times already, and review is long overdue. Don't let the Dutch name or the fact that every dish sounds like a bad set of scrabble letters deter you. Noord's food is fantastic, and even the most xenophobic palette will find something to enjoy. 
It's BYOB, and open kitchen which I really enjoy. The executive chef, Giancarl, is not only a genius but an outgoing and vivacious guy as well. I recall a time where we had reservations for a small group, but there was a party of folks lingering after dinner. The chef noticed most of the people in my group growing frustrated. What did he do? He brought out wine glasses and served us wine. What did he do next? He brought out appetizers. After that? He apologized, gave a legitimate reason for the slow seating, made small talk, and then began preparing an amazing meal.
This is that kind of small restaurant that is so amazing, if you were to bring friends or out-of-towners there, they will swear you are some sort of culinary soothsayer. 
Pro tip: send a drink or two over to the kitchen staff and they may reciprocate by sharing with you what desserts they prepared that day.This is a favorite during the fall and winter months. We took a hiatus during the summer but returned this week to the excellence in food, service and ambiance that we recalled. We brought two bottles of Cape May red to carry us through. We split the tomato salad and scallop app. Excellent. The rabbit, amazing! The Scottish salmon was first rate. Louis took great care of us as always. Put this in the rotation.Intriguing food, different yet still appetizing.  
I'll admit: Scandinavian food does not exactly beckon me.  However I can only hear  "You need to try Noord, it's fantastic" so many times before I do.  I ventured there with a group on New Year's Eve.  Right as we entered we were welcomed by Joncarl (chef/owner), even though the place was at hectic holiday pace (re: New Year's Eve), he still takes the time to treat every customer like a great friend. The space itself is cozy/comfortable with its many windows looking onto Passyunk Square. Additionally the open kitchen allows diners to witness the behind-the-scenes while allowing Joncarl to engage and entertain his patrons. 
The food, though on an abbreviated NYE menu, still offered diverse selections.  The house charred rye bread with butter and garlic was meatier and a breath of fresh air compared to other table bread offerings. The house smoked salmon was - dare I say it - the best smoked salmon I have ever tasted with a subutle smokiness and freshness. The highlights were the main courses:
Lamb Shoulder - fall-of-the-bone tenderness, with a perfect accompaniment of tomato broth
Pork Loin "Choucroute"- multiple cuts, all precisely made, on marvelous but not overpowering dutch style sauerkraut (i'm Polish, I know good kraut!)
Sauteed Icelandic Hake - crisp white fish, in wine sauce that was a great balance of flavor and along with a barely cake that was perfectly crisped 
The dessert was chocolate tree bark along with these little, spectacular friend donuts.  We had to order a second round of them - chewy inside, friend outside, and a dark chocolate sauce that closed the deal. Not sure what they are called but I can't stop thinking about them. 
This place is now one my favs!  Can't wait to go back for their standard menu!Fantastic restaurant. I thoroughly enjoyed this dining experience. Our waiter made our night as well! All the food was excellent. You must order the Smorrebrod (the house smoked fish board), as an appetizer. Don't forget, it's BYO there so being some good wine for dinner and enjoy!Noord eetcafe had a very successful and packed opening night, last night.  We tried a bunch of appetizers and several entrees.
Apps:
Broodjes Haring...mini herring sandwiches, cucumber, pickled onion, on a dinner roll, $9 (Danish street food, looked like a Martin's bun)
Grilled Head-on Prawns...North Sea style citrus butter, chives, dill, $12 (loved the sauce, need to sop it up with the complementary soft baguette, which incidentally was served with soft garlic butter)
Cod cakes, one of two specials (very delicate inside the crispy exterior; incidentally, the other special was a whole black sea bass, deboned)
Seared Diver Scallop...mustard soup, caviar, tarragon oil, rye croutons, $12 (an unusual dish, I'm not sure it really came together for me)
Chopped Chicken and Duck Liver...atjar tjampoer, warm baguette, $11 (loved this, particularly with the pickled cauliflower for contrast)
Pork Belly Uitsmijter...duck egg, melted edam, brioche toast, greens, pickle, sesame-truffle vinaigrette, $12 (my kind of breakfast-for-dinner!)
Entrees:
Seared Norwegian Salmon "Lohikeitto"...chowder, leeks, baby potatoes, coriander, herbs, $24 (as at the popup, a killer dish, this time with a large portion of seared salmon on top)
Rotisserie Lancaster Co.  1/2 Chicken...herb stuffed, schmaltz-ey root vegetables, green salad, $18 (a monster chicken, must have be 4 lbs whole, so I could only finish half, great herby flavor, but curiously the roots were quite crunchy, which I assume was an error and the only one of the evening)
Konijn in het Zuur...rabbit leg confit, smoked sausage, lardons, baby turnips, zuurkool, $26 (a variation of the popup dish, fantastic)
Dessert (only 2):
Almond butter cake with bourbon cream (huge, but I preferred somewhat different version served at the popup)
They were pouring complentary bubbly, and we brought a range of Belgian ales and Normandy cider, which I think may generally be a better complement to the hearty food than wine.
Service was friendly and quick, with the apps flying out of the kitchen.  But later Joncarl got "in the weeds" and the entrees took a while (there are only 2 cooks in the tiny open kitchen, for ~40 seats).
The space is attractive and comfortable (padded benches along the walls and large, well-spaced tables), with great lighting through huge windows that were open onto the street (letting in a nice breeze).  The primo seats look to be the ~6 along the open kitchen.  However, Noord is definitely a loud restaurant, even with the windows and door open.  
A great addition to the East Passyunk Ave scene, I'm looking forward to returning.One of the best meals I've had in my life!  
Completely different from anything I've ever had in the city.    First off, service and the level of courtesy here is through the roof.  I came here on the wrong reservation date but without any issues, they accommodated me and had a great laugh about it.  We had the pleasure dining with Louis, he is amazing.  He went through the menu in great detail and explained all of the specials that night.  Automatically you feel at home here.
Forgive me since I don't remember what the items I ordered was called but for appetizers I had the Endive and apple salad (light/delicious/perfect crunch), the chicken dumpling spread with pickled veggies (amazing), the prawns (great broth/full of flavor) and for main entree I had the pollack fish.  The fish is perfectly seasoned, light not heavy in overall preparation and filling.  It was so delicious that I was sad I finished all of it.  My husband had the chicken with barley and that was amazing.  
Completely fell in love with this place and cannot wait to come back.  The next following week (which was the correct reservation day) the service was consistently great, attentive, warm and welcoming.  Food... No need to elaborate it was out of this world.  I had to take home most of my meal that night and they packed it away with some extra homemade bread of theirs and I was able to enjoy another great meal from Noord at home.  LOVE it here!I came here for my graduation lunch. The place is small and intimate. We got there pretty much right when it opened, but it was full by the time we left. 
The smorrebrod was amazing and so filling! By the time we finished that dish, we were too full to finish our other dish. We also ordered the hete kip. The chicken was so tender and fell right apart. The dish definitely has a kick and was a tad bit too spicy, but that didn't stop us from enjoying the dish!
Overall, I really enjoyed this place! You definitely get a good amount of food for what you pay. Did i mention? The food is really good here! Will DEFINITELY come back!I took my girlfriend here last night for her birthday and we both left there talking about how much we loved it.  The space is really intimate and charming.  Our waitress was very nice/funny/attentive and the owner even stopped by every now and then to chat, clear some plates etc.  He was a really nice, funny guy and it was nice to see him pitching in.
The food was excellent.  Most items had names that resembled Ikea furniture pieces so i dont remember what anything was called but we got the these deep fried pork balls to start along with a tray of 3 open faced smoked seafood sandwiches.  My lady got the rabbit leg and i went with the pork shank.  Everything was outstanding.
After we finished our dessert we were just finishing up our drinks and the server came over and said, "guys, i hate to do this to you but would you mind moving over to another table, we need your table for a 10:30 table of 4.  We are easy going people so we had no problem doing so.  A few minutes later the waitress had stopped by our new table and dropped us off a complimentary bread pudding to go and then a few minutes after that the owner stopped by and thanked us and cracked a bottle of champagne and poured us each a glass.
I read horror stories on here all the time about people getting hurried out of restaurants for people waiting, and thought it was really great how graceful the owner/waitress handled us at Noord.  I cant wait to go back.  The setting, the food and the service was top class.After having trouble snagging a reservation at this highly popular So. Philly restaurant, I finally got here fairly early on a Sunday evening. I'm now very pleased to join the 5-star chorus in favor of Noord. Exceptional service, somewhat unusual Scandinavian menu, all exceptionally prepared. Everything, from the in-house bread at the start of the meal, through to the desserts (and even including the bathroom decor) totally pleasing. Note that the menu is a bit short on vegetarian options, but what they do, they do so well.Don't ignore this restaurant -- it's really good!
The three of us went to the NYE dinner  at Noord, and it was memorable from beginning to end. We would been perfectly happy to have stopped at the bitterballen (we ordered the three choices) and the soup courses (ditto). I had the champagne-poached oyster chowder - this generous-with-the-oyster chowder with parsley vinaigrette (served in a mug) was superb. Pickled shrimp (my first exposure) and smoked salmon was a combination that hit all the right notes. Icelandic hake and cockles with toasted barley -- if this is true Scandinavian then I'm sold. The saltiness of the cockles matched well with the beurre blanc, hake and spinach. Dessert - excellent (loved the cardamon & cinnamon flavoring of the doughnut holes(?). Chef Lachman briefly chatted with us afterwards -- his enthusiasm for providing an expertly crafted and executed menu was evident.
The restaurant has a great view of the small square, and is small enough not to generate too much interior noise - we were able to have normal conversation without being drowned out.  We look forward to the continuing creativity of Noord!Went to Noord at 8 pm, just after the big snowfall ended.  Fond, Townsend, Paradiso, and Will were all closed...but not Noord!  And it was like the wonderful snow day party you think you should have but rarely do.  A number of neighborhood friends were there and the food, of course, was terrific.  I usually have the incredible mustard soup but on this cold night went for the Snert...now a new favorite.  And the haddock was equally superb.  But then we ended our meal with the hot chocolate...and I have to say that we are terrible hot chocolate snobs, having spent too much time sampling the nectar on cold winter days in Paris.  Well, Joncarl gets it just right...I mean perfect!  This is the best hot chocolate in Philly - and I've been to Franklin Fountain for their fantastic HC and to Rim Cafe for his amazing version - but Noord's version is just a little more sophisticated and a little more urban...whatever that means!  So, go for the great food and the wonderful camaraderie but make sure to finish with the hot chocolate!!We didn't really understand, our server, Alex when he said, "You are going to EAT tonight!" until we saw the entrees. From the food to the service to the owner, Jioncarl, himself greeting us at the door when we arrived, absolutely everything was perfect. My partner and I are recently engaged as are some friends of ours, so we decided to celebrate at a neighborhood spot we had never been to, but heard rave reviews. The reviews are all right and they absolutely deserve them!
For appetizers, we chose the Bitterballen, fried pork meatballs that are cripsy on the outside and creamy deliciousness on the inside, and the Uitsmijter, an open faced sandwich with pulled pork, gouda, topped with a fried egg. This was shared between 4 people and was plenty of food for us all. For entrees, we chose the Shellfish Choucroute, Braised Pork Shank, and two of the specials of the night - the Striped Bass and .. something I can't remember the name of that was similar to the Bitterballen in which it was fried and crispy, but creamy in the middle. The shellfish had a delicious broth, the pork fell right off the bone, the fish melts in your mouth. Everyone's mouth dropped open when we saw the portion sizes - they're huge! Dessert consisted of the Dutch Almond Butter Cake and we ordered a side of the salted caramel (from the Apple Parfait dessert) to give it a litte something extra. The cake is yummy, and sits atop a swish of almond custard on the plate with a dollop of whipped cream. Get the side of salted caramel and drizzle it all over everything and you'll think you were in heaven.
Alex was right - we did eat last night; we ate it all!3.5 stars.  I'm rounding up to 4 stars because they're really serving some interesting stuff here, and I like that.
Food is good, but not "amazing."  The herring sliders were pretty awesome, and the Bitterballen was alright.  Beer battered haddock sandwich was fairly ordinary, but the rabbit leg confit was well received.
Not in huge rush to go back, but I'll give them another try at some point.Waited for a longtime to go here but never got a table for 4 or more so decided to go only with my wife and it was the best foodecision we ever made. Excellent boutique restaurant where everything was fresh and food was amazing, the bread they serve as an app goes well with everything....each server takes time to sit with you and go over the menu, asks for your likes/allergies...plus is BYOB, couldn't go wrong with this place...not a quiet dining experience but you will enjoy the warmth and togetherness...like a big family, keep up the good work guys...we gonna drop in soon for another Scandinavian food coma....this time for your weekend brunch!!!Since everyone on yelp seems to be hoity-toity food critics these days, I am just going to say, as a regular person who likes to eat in restaurants, that Noord is a sweet, wonderful place to share food with friends. Friendly people serving food that tastes really good. It's like having dinner in the home of the most fabulous, fun person you know, who also happens to cook hearty, interesting, delicious food. You leave feeling like you got a big warm bear hug! What more do you want?We love Noord!  On a whim, dropped-in on a Thursday, having spent the day moving.  We were looking for comfort and great food and Stateside was packed so we walked across the square to Noord.  We were greeted like old friends and seated at a lovely window table.  Moments after having sat down, the chef, JonCarl, came over, concerned that we did not know it was a BYOB. We knew and explained that all our wine was in packing boxes. And he said, "well join me for some prosecco! So we had a wonderful time getting to know JonCarl and enjoying his superb food.  The herring sliders were a revelation and the meatballs unique and sublime.  My favorite moment was watching chef JonCarl wandering out to the Fountain with his now half-empty bottle of prosecco and offering sips to all hanging around. We love this neighborhood and the ambiance and friendliness. Noord, its chef and superb cuisine just makes it that much better.I didn't take any photos and I always do!!! I had the curry chicken entrée. It was soooooo amazing!!! I know I'm going to want this again very soon. It's small inside with low lighting and candles everywhere. And while it was cold outside, it was cozy warm inside.This place is really great.  The first time I've ever seen bitterballen on a menu in America.  The traditional bitterballen are amazing as any I've had in the Netherlands, the special the night I came was Salmon bitterballen and they were great (hopefully they add it to the daily menu).  Entrees were good as well, I know this place will only get better with time.  Great addition to Passyunk Sq, can't wait to go back.   
The chef, Joncarl, was really nice as well, we made our reservation before they were even open and he came over and explained the specials to us when we arrived.Noord gave us the best Valentine's Day in 20 years.
The front of house staff impeccable! The menu creative, originally, manageable and romantic, dare I say an aph·ro·di·si·ac. The Chef charming, personable, invested in the food, service, and overall experience.
The restaurant space is charming, warm, even toasty on one of the coldest night of the year. We were treated like royalty.  The music perfect in style and volume. The rye barley bread warm out of oven and charred under the broiler so you can taste the sweetness of the grain. Each course built on the one that came prior, cauliflower soup, house smoked salmon, crispy tangy fresh salad greens, honey coated Cornish hen, you could crack the skin with a spoon served with savory bread pudding(OMG) I thought I was having a .......! Dessert Apple bread pudding with my absolute favor, how did they know ? chocolate BARK The coffee rich full body and no aftertaste or hint of bitterness. These fellows are my Heroes! So glad they are opening  a second restaurant even closer to me. Philadelphia Chefs  sit up and take notice. We should all shoot for these standards in our professional lives.I had one of my most enjoyable meals in Philadelphia at Noord.  The ambiance is casual and the staff are very friendly.
The house-made bread that they bring out, with butter and soft sweet cooked garlic is just amazing.  So thick, dense, chewy, and flavorful.  I loved it.
I also got the bitterballen, which was not porky (a good thing), and the pork shank, which is large enough to share between two people but flavorful and comforting.
The smorrebord, on the other hand, was one of the most amazing dishes I've ever seen.  Generous helpings of house-smoked salmon, shrimp, and scallop on top of their wonderful bread, along with picked cucumbers and carrots, was something I'm still thinking about the next day.
It's a BYOB, and I recommend a Belgian/wheat beer.  It goes well with the food there.My partner and I chose Noord for an anniversary dinner based on the uniqueness of the menu and terrific reviews.  SO GLAD WE DID!  This is a charming BYOB in the rapidly developing E.Passyunk restaurant neighborhood.  A corner building, it has wide open windows for a lovely open-air feel despite being inside.  The service was super friendly and attentive without being overly solicitous.  This included the chef, who was actively greeting customers, telling them about the specials, even pouring water.  Later in the meal when we inquired about an especially delicious salad dressing, he came to our table to tell us how he made it.  VERY warm touch in this age of celebrity chefs!
The food was delicious and unique - The mustard soup was savory and tasty with a distinct but not overwhelming mustard flavor, and perfectly balanced with the sweetness of the scallop. Similarly balanced were the herring sliders - very tart and pickly, and balanced by the slightly sweet soft rolls.   My partner selected a croquette dish that was served with salad greens with a dressing so delicious it almost eclipsed the rest of the dish.  I enjoyed the braised rabbit- which came in a kind of light creamy stew with a combination of smoky (from sausage) and tart (from vinegar) flavors.  The homemade oat bread was perfect - toothy and crumbly.  
The almond butter cake was a marzipany treat for me - I'm such a big fan of almondy desserts that rarely appear on (usually) chocolate-heavy dessert menus - and was served with an almond cream and sauce.  This was well worth ordering even though I was already pretty full.  Portions here are generous.
Overall, I thought the food was terrific.  I can see that it might not be for everyone.  I was also very happy with the value received.  This place is not cheap.  But as someone who likes to celebrate special occasions with a nice dinner at a fancy restaurant, I have had mixed experiences.  Sometimes you fork over $200 and feel ripped off at the end of the evening.  Not so here.  Our bill came to approx $100 (appetizer, entree and dessert for each of us) and we definitely felt like we'd gotten our money's worth!My husband had really been wanting to eat here for a while, and we finally made reservations.  We were a party of three and unfortunately arrived a half hour late, so apologized and asked if we would still be able to be accommodated.  There were only two other tables seated at the time, but the hostess and another waiter rudely made several comments about how late we were. 
We ordered appetizers which were very good, and ended up ordering three different entrees, one of which was the mussels, but all were very similar in appearance and the other two were also comprised of 75% mussels.  I wish the waiter would have mentioned that they were all so similar and we would have tried other things. Overall, it was very OK and the food and the service were nothing I would return again for.This place rocks. I have to get back.  Food and service on point. Homey yet elegant. Nice job to the crew.Great food nice space with professional and knowledgeable waitstaff. First time experiencing this type of cuisine and was pleasantly surprised. Mustard soup was delicious and the scallop was perfectly cooked. Bitternallen was amazing and the pollack was perfect. An excellent meal in a nice environment.I've been wanting to go to Noord for quite some time, and it was well worth the wait. My boyfriend and I went for our anniversary, and it was one of the best meals either of us have had in quite some time. We went at 7 on a Wednesday, and the restaurant was moderately crowded already, always a good sign. The chef himself escorted us to our table and explained the specials for that night. He also brought some amazing homemade rye bread, which it took a lot of self control to not eat all of.
For an appetizer, we decided to get the Smorrebrod (house smoked fish & open faced sandwich board, changes daily), which seemed to impress our waiter since we said we had never been there before. After one bite, we already wanted to come back. The Smorrebrod consisted of three pieces of homemade bread, topped with full-grain mustard and either house-smoked salmon, a scallop and caviar, or a prawn. On the side were some pickled tomato slices, some other delicious pickled red vegetable, and some greens (on the whole, a very colorful dish). It was the perfect amount of food for two people. I can't speak for the prawn, but the salmon was flavorful and flaky, and the scallop was perfectly cooked. Even the bread and mustard by itself was delicious. A must-try.
For our entrees, I got the seared Norwegian salmon "Lohikeitto" (chowder, leeks, baby potatoes, coriander, herbs) and my boyfriend got the sauteed Icelandic haddock (Brussels sprouts, tart apple, beet horseradish, parsley puree). My salmon was one of the best I have ever had. No knife necessary, beautifully flaky, and not fishy-tasting in the least. The chowder was a perfect pairing to the salmon, it was light but still flavorful in a way that didn't overpower the flavor of the salmon. I only tried one bite of my boyfriend's haddock, and it was good as well. He seemed to greatly enjoy it, and between the beets, haddock, and Brussels sprouts, it was quite colorful as well.
Having read raves about the desserts, we opted to each get a dessert; I got the honey spiced cake with plums and apples, and my boyfriend got the bread pudding with cranberries. My cake was on the sweet side, and would have been better had we split it, since it was a bit too much richness for one person to eat. I am generally not a fan of bread pudding, but the bread pudding my boyfriend got was delicious, and judging by the speed at which he ate it, he thought it was delicious as well. He also ordered coffee, which came to the table in a French press, a nice touch.
Overall, Noord was phenomenal. One of the best restaurants I have ever been to in Philly. The food was gorgeous, delicious, and well worth the price. The service was professional but fun, and it's hard not to be impressed by the chef interacting so much with the diners. Truly a standout on the competitive East Passyunk dining scene. We would absolutely recommend Noord to anyone, and we will certainly be back.Ok tasting food with a unique menu of options to choose from. Seating is limited and reservations are helpful during prime hours.All of the positive reviews are true and not overblown. The owners and waitstaff really are that friendly and accommodating. The bread is delicious and addictive. The sauces are flavorful and fresh. And the ambiance is charming, cheerful and nicely integrated into the neighborhood.
My husband and I started with the sliders (delicious! soft bread! tangy vegetables! flavorful fish!). He had the pork chops, and I had the haddock. I loved the fresh, sweet corn and pickled peaches and how well they melded with the firm haddock and bits of smoked fish. 
We finished our meal with a chocolate bread pudding, which was wonderful. My only complaint was the stomach ache after we ate too much!
Really, eat here. You'll love it.Went to Noord a week ago as I had been wanting to try it for a long time. Wasn't sure quite what to expect but it was amazing. The fresh bread that you automatically receive comes hot out of the oven with delicious butter. I didn't realize that it was BYOB but our waiter was more than helpful and patient in directing me to the closest spot to buy wine around the corner. All in all our waiter was great, extremely congenial, helpful and attentive. I ordered the haddock and it was amazing. Cooked to perfection and the accoutrements were delicious. My mother ordered the pork with carrots and potatoes. It was delicious as well but I would absolutely choose any of the fish entrees first and foremost. Look forward to going back and trying other things on the menu. I suggest making reservations as it is a small space and was full even though our reservation was at 8:30.This is definitely going to be one of my go to places in Philly now. Everything we had was cooked perfectly and delicious. We also had the most awesome waiter who I wanted to bring home with us but my husband claims that one man is quite enough for me. Highly recommend!!I don't know what to compliment first, the service or the food. Let's start with the service as that was of course the first impression of the place.  I booked through open table and received a reminder text from the restaurant which included instructions to text back if I had any questions. Since it was the first time at the restaurant I asked about dress code. The response I received was casual and that they usually tell their customers to come "as long as their dressed".  I knew right away that their humor was right up my alley and couldn't wait to get there. We walked into the place and were greeted with a smile, and a hello Albert. From that point on the servers were fantastic. Very funny and very helpful. I was amazed by the fact that the waiter who took the order made sure that my friend didn't get squid on her shellfish stew because of an allergy. When the server brought it, he also commented that it didn't have squid. The communication among the staff was incredible. 
Now to the food. I ordered the brussel sprouts starter which was delicious. The sprouts were cooked perfectly and the caraway sour cream and golden raisin gastrique just added to the flavor. For my main course I had the stuffed rainbow trout. It was cooked to perfection. A nice char on the skin and moist meat made for a perfect bite. The greens served with the trout were wonderful and palate cleansing. My wife had the Beer Braised Pork Shoulder and our friends had the shellfish stew. All three thought their meal was excellent. 
I'm looking forward to another visit.I ate here last weekend for a birthday and had a pleasant experience, but could use a little room for improvement. My biggest complaint is that there is no carpeting or fabric anywhere, thus the small space is extremely loud. Within our group of 5 it was hard to hear each other from opposite ends of the table and difficult to understand our server. By the end of the night when some of the tables had cleared out the noise issue had improved considerably, but this is something that it would be very helpful to address. The bread and garlic butter that came for the table were very good - the butter had actual garlic cloves in it, which was delicious. I also loved  my appetizer, the bitterballen (fried meatballs with nutmeg, SO flavorful and perfectly cooked), as well as my boyfriend's appetizer, the smorrebrod (smoked fish mini sandwiches). I was a little less into my entree, the lekkerbekjes on snert, which was a crispy whitefish with what i would describe as split pea soup sauce. It was certainly unique, but just not my favorite combination of flavors. We sampled all three dessert offerings as a table - the dark chocolate bark, almond cake, and bread pudding. The almond cake was my favorite - I love almonds - with the dark chocolate a close second. The bread pudding was only okay in my opinion, mainly because it was a little dry for my taste. All in all it was fun to try Scandinavian food and we had an enjoyable experience, I would just order a little differently coming back.Unfortunately, I do not see the hype around this restaurant.
First, the noise level is VERY high. This is purely preference, but I found it difficult to enjoy being here. We ordered two appetizers. The "Holland Sliders" quite literally were grocery store potato buns with canned herring. The  Mustard soup with Scallop had a good base but the croutons were inedible, and the scallop was just that: a single scallop. 
My entree "Zeeuws Spek Uitsmijter" was quite good. However, my girlfriend ordered the rainbow trout and it was flavorless! We do a lot of cooking at home, so we do admit that it takes more to please us, but for $27 it was pretty sad to get an unseasoned piece of fish over some greens. No carbs, nothing. 
We enjoyed "Neuf," the sister restaurant on 9th street and will be returning there. For Noord, we won't be back.The smoked fish platter was not what I expected in layout, but it's a great way to start the meal. The pickled veggies were an integral part of the composition and taste. They weren't simply just garnish. The pickled onions had a balsamic sweetness, the cauliflower had a crisp yet tamed vinegar taste, and the pickles were refreshing and had a sweet vinegar taste. Even the lettuce fit well. The smoked crab initially had this weird taste to it. After eating some of the pickled veggies, it bloomed into a typical crab taste, sitting alongside quite a creamy profile. The smoked cod was garbage. After three bites, I gave up on it. There was this nasty, weird taste that I can't put my finger on. The smoked trout was delicious! Can't beat that smoked trout flavor, expect maybe mackerel. Bold, smoky, and plenty of it. The  staff was nice  enough to also add some pickled herring to my dish. I was quite surprised on how they pickled the strong fishy taste to a pleasant roar.  
That house bread and butter are definitely worth having. I usually stay away from bread, but this place offers something quite different from sourdough. 
The seafood stew was a lovely meal. It defied the laws of physics in many aspects. Light, yet substantial. Warming, yet cooling. Don't be scared by the size, cause it's not as big as it seems. Cause of the clam, shrimp, and mussel shells, it takes up a good amount of real estate. The sauce is truly the workhorse of this meal. By itself, it's somewhat neutral, but the beauty lies within its versatility. It elevates the veggies, rides alongside the seafood, breaks down the lettuce into a compacted flavor, and tied everything together with a zesty zing aftertaste. Once you start slurping, it's hard to stop. The mussels and shrimp had great flavor. The clams were ok but were kinda bland.I was pretty impressed with Noord. The service was amazing from start to finish. The food itself was very different from what I usually eat around Philly. Standouts were the special spreads on grilled bread and the rabbit. The mustard soup is a must. While it was a great meal, I think it would be an every couple of years restaurant and not necessarily a three times a year place.The food here is awesome! Quirky fun restaurant with a wonderful Scandinavian flair! The snert was amazing!!!! The waiter was also hysterical, and gave us free desert which was so nice!! Definitely want to come here again!!!My wife, a Deutschlander, and I ate here Sunday evening. With the windows open we could feel the breeze coming across The Singing Fountain. As Noord is a BYOB establishment we stopped off at the nearby Bottle Shop for a Six of world beers. The staff volunteered to put the remainder in their fridge. Starting with their heirloom tomato salad with aged gouda cheese we quickly ascended to a heavenly plane. And the Smorrebrod was beautifully presented on slate with all three open-faced smoked fish sandwiches interspersed with beets and watercress. Wifey could not finish her 1/2 chicken even though it was so tender it literally melted off the bone. And my flash seared haddock was awesome, complimented as it was with steamed white baby corn kernels and bits of orange. After one of the owners (Jean-Claude) gave us a bit of Belgian cherry beer we split dessert; a warm chocolate bread pudding topped with cool chocolate cream (very light) was a Yin-Yang of contrasts. If I lived in Philly I'd be back there in a couple of weeks, after I dieted of course.Amazing!!  I had been wanting to surprise Justin G with this place since hearing about it and seeing all of the reviews because he is a real sucker for smoked fish...seemed like this would be right up his alley.  Since I am more of an italian, med, spanish foods lover, I was not expecting to be anywhere near in love with this place as I am now.  It is beyond cozy and the staff is super friendly and attentive.  I had one of the specials that night - hake with corn and crab chowder and it was so freaking flavorful.   THe broth was so light but creamy and delicious at the same time that I'm still thinking about it 24 hours later.  Justin G got another special, the whole bass (head & tail on), which I tried but didn't love as much as my dish.  
For dessert, we got the strawberry parfait: fresh strawberries layered with whipped cream (definitely homemade - not sweet at all, amazing), with some type of crispy ginger crumbs...and salted caramel on the bottom.  Such a simple but delicious end to the meal...my only wish was that there had been another layer of salted caramel. 
I cannot wait to go back and try some more items off the menu.Went for dinner last night & my only complaint is that I waited this long to go! The ambiance was perfect, seating was comfortable, our server Louis was AMAZING and the food was delicious! All around great experience from start to finnish, lol!Went for East Passyunk Restaurant week in February. Our server was awesome. He made us feel completely at home, and you could tell he really enjoys his work. The food was delicious. I had the rabbit. It was surprising- sour and creamy and filling and all around interesting. every bite made me think a little bit more about how all of the ingredients were interacting. Thumbs up. I took issue with the presentation of it. It was served in basically a stew sauce with the rabbit still on the bone, and a knife and fork. Because the sauce was not very viscous, the sauce ended up all over me while using the fork. I should have just asked for a soup spoon to use with the fork, but I didn't realize that would have been a solution until I was almost finished. 
It's truly Scandinavian food, and the night I went was a rather chilly, which worked out. The dishes are all very hearty and creamy and filling. This is great in the fall and winter, but I wonder how they do on a hot day. As we walked home I couldn't help but think "I can't imagine having that meal in the summer"
It's a byob, which I always love. I recommend bringing a dry reisling, it balances their dishes well.Thanks to Noord for a great dinner on Thursday night.  For appetizers, the seared scallop was fantastic and the salmon special (fritters) were lighter than expected and delicous.  For entrees, the stuffed trout was very tasty and cooked perfectly; I loved the sauce and the greens it was served with.  The roasted seasonal vegetables were beautiful and the dressing on the salad they were served with provided some nice bite.  Loved the almond cake we had for dessert.  I'll definitely be back!I had finally earned enough points on OpenTable to get a $100 gift cert. so where to use it, spoiler I used it at Noord. I have been wanting to go to Noord for quite some time and after going I am almost embarrassed that I didn't go sooner. The space is actually top notch, it's very nice inside and more importantly they don't pack you in there like some BYOs tend to do. The service was stellar and the waiter was patient with us while at the same time moving us along in the menu. We started off with a bunch of apps because I wanted to try everything, the menu here is so interesting. Started off with the head on prawns, the escargot, the mustard soup, and the heirloom tomato salad. Everything was top notch and I started to learn that at Noord they work to integrate a lot of flavor profiles together seamlessly. The result are dishes that have a lot of depth of flavor and really just make it that much enjoyable to eat. The mustard soup was the most interesting of the bunch. The surprise favorite though were the prawns they were perfectly cooked and the sauce they came with was exquisite. For entrees went with the Seafood Waterzooi and the Pollack. Once again the chefs hit it out of the park. The pollack was cooked perfectly and the thing that stood out the most with that dish was the pickled peaches, wow, just wow, I could eat just a plate full of those. The waterzooi was super interesting because it is definitely the progenitor to New England Clam Chowder except that it came with a lot more seafood. The flavors were just awesome and the broth was to die for, the potatoes that were in the broth were fantastic. I ended up requesting extra milk bread (the bread here is also fantastic) so that I could sop up all the extra broth. By the time the meal ended we were too full for dessert but we will be back in the near future.Noord eetcafe, which got a ton of internet buzz prior to opening just this week, is a solid addition to East Passyunk's thriving restaurant scene.  It's currently the only Scandinavian/Northern European restaurant in town (if you don't count the Ikea cafeteria), and the chef and owners do a decent job in representing the dishes and flavors of the North and Baltic seas.  The atmosphere is warm, the staff is friendly, but the food itself could use a little fine tuning.
The BF and I started with the seared diver scallop and pork belly uitsmijter.  The diver scallop was good; a nice meaty scallop in a savory mustard soup.  Great flavors and great textures.  The pork belly, which was described to me as a preview of Noord's upcoming brunch menu, was less successful.  The salad had a bit too much pepper, and the pork belly was a little dry, but overall it was a unique and interesting take on "bacon and eggs".  For dinner, I opted for the soft shell crab special while he had the seared norwegian salmon.  My dish was pretty good: a nice and flavorful crab (although not as much meat inside as I had hoped), with an incredibly filling and savory side salad of baby potatoes, tomatoes, garlic, and small pieces of salmon.  His seared salmon was better; a very flavorful salmon filet served in a rich and hearty chowder.  Since a lot of the courses here rely on breads and starches, I was so full after my two dishes (the pork belly on the brioche and the crab on Dutch brown bread), I didn't have any room for dessert!
The BYO setup works perfectly for the dining experience; it's a nice place but also laid back, the service is good, and the staff is very outgoing.  You definitely feel at home and taken care of, and you can tell that there's a lot of passion and heart in these dishes.  The food still needs a bit of work and finessing to get it to perfection, but this cafe has a lot of potential and certainly fits the neighborhood profile.I had been looking forward to checking out Noord for a while now, and we made our way here recently as a party of 4. The service was phenomenal and the space is a nice size for a BYOB. We even had elbow room to spare!
The entrees were very large and the menu was diverse and had something for everyone. Unfortunately, the food was somewhat hit or miss. We loved the gravlax and brussels sprouts appetizers. The complex and exciting flavors were getting us excited for our main courses. Although everything was cooked properly in our entrees, nothing really stood out to us. The pollack in particular seemed very plain - maybe it is the Scandinavian style? The rabbit at the table was delicious, but had tiny bones in every bite, so it wasn't the most pleasant thing to eat. It was also in cabbage that was extremely acidic. Being from Eastern Europe, I love vinegar and pickled products, but to me, this was extreme and slightly off-putting. 
We paid around $50 per person, and left full and satisfied (having emptied 2 wine bottles too!), but if I come here again, I might stick with the appetizers. They were excellent.I loved my experience here. The staff and the Chef were very accommodating. As a result of my flight being cancelled, I had to spend the night in Philadelphia. Two friends recommended Noord to me. It was worth the trip from the airport. Everything was delicious: salmon, home made bread, and bread pudding for dessert - everything was prepared in an inventive and satisfying way. The restaurant is unlike any other in the neighborhood, but I felt like I had a great Philly experience. I will definitely return.We went here shortly after coming back from Amsterdam, so this cuisine was fresh on our palates. Wow. Noord really hits it out of the park. 
The bitterballen were even better than what we had at the Amsterdam bars, and the fish dishes had such nice and clean flavors. I sopped up every last drop of the mustard soup with their hearty bread. For the mains, I stuck with a yummy, sautéed fish dish while my bf got the burger which was delicious, but much heavier.
Their dessert portions are huge, and I managed to get through their chocolate chip bread pudding only because I didn't want it's deliciousness to go to waste, but my boyfriend couldn't make it through his buttery almond cake and I was way too full to help him out. Note for next time: split a dessert and forgo the tummy ache.
Noord reminds me that as good as Philly's Italian and New American scene is, it's ethnic and international food scene could use some work!Tonight was my second time at Noord.  Based on only those two very solid experiences, I confidently give them a five star rating.  Service was warm, friendly, and hospitable:  we walked in w/o reservations (the byob we wanted to go to was unexpectedly closed) and they graciously accommodated.  We had the best seats in the house, i.e., the bench at the kitchen.  Got to watch Jonathan and Malik (sorry if this is misspelled!) work their efficient and effective magic.  They made us feel special.  Beyond the wonderful hospitality and attention (i'm not a 'service' kinda gal, but i certainly don't recognize a good thing...), the food was fantastic.  I especially enjoyed the mustard soup, lamb burger (so juicy, so flavorful, so well composed w/ gouda and just the right kind of roll), and seafood curry...a kind of cioppino thing, but indonesian (?) style...figuring dutch works in there somewhere.  so fresh, so flavorful.  my dinner friends loved the prawns (second time now that they've raved about these) and the chicken croquette special.  thank you, noord!  we'll be back and whoever's reading this should go there, too!Cute, cozy little BYO with really great service.
The food was also fantastic...I just wish I didn't get the Holland sliders, and it's really no fault of the restaurants.  I just came to the conclusion that herring is not very good.  It's really cold and fishy tasting and I felt like I was eating dead flesh.  Everything else was amazing though.  The bitterballen was nice and crunchy on the outside with a creamy inside served with a side of whole grain mustard and some greens.  The Norwegian salmon in a creamy chowder was out of this world, as was the almond butter cake.  I'm usually not a big dessert person, but I almost gasped at how fuckin good this was.  Mmmmm.....Creative, unique, charming, adventurous, and pleasantly different are just some of the ways to describe this Dutch culinary gem that resembles a traditional European cafe. When we sat down at our table, the owner/chef/waiter came over and sat with us explaining the menu. Super nice guy. Overall, terrific service from the entire waitstaff. The menu is quite unique. We started with a mustard soup with a diver scallop. Also had the prawns in citrus butter. For entrees, we had the whole roasted striped bass and the rainbow trout. Both were fresh and were prepared in creative, light sauces. Everything we had was pleasantly different. Would recommend anyone with an adventurous food mind to try it. One more thing, the ambience is romantic and noticeably unpretentious. Only thing that's missing is a framed photo of Van Gogh's ear.Great for date night in Passyunk. I love that it's BYOB, so we go here when we need to conserve some mullah. The food is awesome, and just like Fond across the street, the service is very attentive. Five stars!Wonderful to be greeted by the owner/chef. Nice diverse menu, excellent pace of the meal, and truly yummy food. We love the pork belly, trout, cod and dessert. Furthermore, they had written happy anniversary to us on our  Tablecloth before we got there. Outstanding new restaurant that must be tried. You'll never find a more humble and talented chef.Fantastic is my best description. I went with my husband for date night and everything that crossed our lips was delectable from the complementary bread with roasted garlic to the bread pudding with mixed berries. The standout in our opinion was the waterzooi. It's a beautiful soup dish filled with generous portions of seafood. My own opinion is you get a second helping of bread just to dip in the broth.What a terrific meal!  I came with a large party for my parent's 40th anniversary and we all had a great time.  
The meal starts with bread served with roasted garlic.  The buzz about this bread should be heeded.  The crunchy tips and soft delicious bread went perfectly with the roasted garlic that spread like soft butter.
It took me forever to figure out which appetizer I wanted to order.  Luckily, we ordered a lot of different appetizers, so I had a chance to taste a bunch of this delicious food...
-The gravlax might have been my favorite.  Seared salmon served with pickled beets and creme fraiche.  This was cooked perfectly, the salmon was just the way I like it (barely cooked) and everything worked together to make the perfect bite.
-The smorrebrod was an array of open faced sandwiches with smoked seafood.  The prawn was very good, but my favorite was the smoked scallop, I had never had scallop prepared that way, it was terrific.
-The mustard Soup is served with a gigantic scallop on top.  The scallop gives a welcome change of texture for this tasty soup.  I enjoyed the slight tang of the mustard in the soup.  It is a creamy soup with a lot of flavor.  I would recommend it.  
-The brussel sprouts were served with scallion and creme fraiche.  Sprouts are delicious, and the cream put it over the top.  Very good.  
The entrees were pretty terrific as well
-I ordered the konijn in het zuur which is sort of like a rabbit stew with sausage and a thicker sauerkraut broth.   The broth had a bit of a tang to it, but not overwhelming.  The rabbit was delicious and the meaty flavor mixed with the tang worked very well.
-The cider braised pork shoulder was served with bacon, beans, and collards.  This made for a terrific dish that was well thought out and put together.  The flavors paired perfectly.  
-The pollack was also very tasty, but less of the flavors that I typically seek out.  The fish was paired with apple, green beans, sour cream and dill.   Very good in it's own right.  
We were not looking to eat dessert, but the server brought us some complimentary bread pudding.  I don't typically go for bread pudding, but this had a lot of flavor and a heartier texture than I have had in the past.  
When I first walked in, I was a little worried that this place was going to be sort of stuffy.  Not at all.  Very warm, the staff seemed to take pride in what they do.  Our server (Louis, Luis, Lewis... I never know how to spell that name) was terrific.  Very friendly, very approachable.  Perhaps one of the best servers that I've had at a restaurant.Definitely going back.  Everything was wonderful, from the fresh bread with garlic butter, appetizers, main course, dessert, and French press coffee. 
Other reviewers complaining of 'loud music' are way off.  The sound level is fine.  This is a smallish restaurant with flat walls, but there were no 'piercing' sounds.
I had the salad with fresh citrus fruit - delicious.  Others in the party of 4 had the chicken/mushroom krockets and smoked salmon.  
My main course hit it out of the park.  I had the chicken and risotto.  Both were spiced to perfection.  The risotto was peppery and the chicken had a mixture of spices (including curry?).  
The deserts were all great - apple cobbler, the almond tart on the other side of the plate was also good (served with custard), and the helping in the middle with cranberries was also good.
The wait staff were attentive, and the water glasses were always full.Noord was a ton of fun for an impromptu date night. The ambiance was cozy and romantic. The service was good. The food was good as well.
For the appetizer we got a liver moose that came with savory donuts, pickled onions and pickled eggs. It was beyond delicious. They also served house made bread with sweet potato butter. It was unique and delicious. The appetizer was definitely my favorite part of the meal.  
For the entree I had haddock with creme fraiche, corn and crab meat. It was tasty but lacked color. I also felt that there was too much creme fraiche and not enough variety of textures. My boyfriend had one of their seafood stews which was very good seafood with a nice smokey flavor. 
For dessert, we ordered a bread pudding and some chocolate to go with out dessert wine. The dessert was tasty but just wasn't very unique. 
Overall, Noord was a great experience, a great place to check out for date night!Disclaimer: we didn't actually eat here. I am going to reschedule dinner there and will update review accordingly. Reason for 3 stars: phone interaction. We had reservations at 6:30PM. Long story short, we were running about 1/2 late. Called, person who answered phone was nice but gave an odd answer. Yes, we can come later, but that table must be vacated by 8:30PM. So we weren't sure if that meant that we would be kicked out at that time? I understand if they said they have a grace period, then your reservation is done or better yet, find a different accommodation. But how exactly were they going to get us out by 8:30? Were they intending to rush us through dinner? Never heard of that before after 20 years of eating out in Philly. We will try Noord some other time.What an enjoyable dining experience! First time dining at Noord. Excellent food, service and ambiance. Chef Joncarl friendly and boisterous made his way around his restaurant to each table either introducing himself to new comers or chatting with his regulars. Very warm and lovely dining experience.SO FANTASTIC. From the service to the rabbit, everything was perfect. My boyfriend and I came here a couple of weeks ago and seriously loved everything we ordered. Make sure to get the Bitterballen because it the perfect appetizer.
It's also BYOB, which is very nice, we brought some Belgium lambic beers and they paired perfectly. Go here! You won't be disappointed, I promise.Very mediocre food at best.  Don't expect fresh, tasty Scandinavian or Dutch food.
Expect indifferent service from the wait staff.  Ours barely talked to us outside of 1) taking our order and 2) responding to a question.  
Don't understand how this restaurant earned the stars it gets.  Noord just isn't that good.My fiancé is from Holland and a new arrival to Philadelphia. I thought it would be fun to take him to Noord. 
The bitterballen were sooo delicious! Though I wish there 4, not 3, so we could have evenly split them, and because i think it's expensive for 3 small balls. The 'salad' was just little color on the plate. 
My fiancé was excited when the chef spoke Dutch so they exchanged some words and suggested to order a dish off the menu. Something to me that resembled a larger bitterballen open face sandwich. My fiancé explained it was a type of comfort pub food he would find at home. He enjoyed it. 
My food was delicious, I got the rabbit; however I wish there was more of it for the price. I could have definitely eaten more, I was still left hungry. 
We went back another time, for takeout, to pick up open face lamb burgers. Again, for not a complete burger, being $20 for also nothing else, I find it pricey and again was wishing I had ordered more food, as I continued to rummage in my kitchen. 
I still will come back because I dream of those bitterballen. I am just nervous with it turning into a very expensive meal. I'd come more often if it wasn't so pricey to eat a filling meal. 
I also don't drink, so the byo factor doesn't matter to me (if that's what drives up the food cost unfortunately)Excelente menú, mainly Dutch dishes with different influences. The matzo Brie omelet was very well done. The homemade bread was excellent. The chef personally come to each table to great and explain the menu and dishes.  Friendly atmosphere and BYON! Don't miss the original art gallery in the bathroom!I ate here last night with a bud. I was pretty stoked to have some Scandinavian food, as I spent a month there last summer and I'm about to spend another 3 months there this fall. My friend had heard really great things about it and I had read about it via Phoodie.info.
The food was good, but somewhat repetitive. The bread was house baked rye and was served with butter and roasted garlic. Scandinavian breads tend to be pretty dense and dark, so this fit the bill perfectly. I really like Scandinavian breads, especially the really seedy/nutty ones. This was not that type, but still really good.
Apps: We got the mushroom nut pâté and it was served with the bread again, but toasted. They also didn't give much bread. I'm not sure if it was because we had some bread already on the table or what, but there was much more pâté then bread. I don't think that there needs to be more bread, but rather a smaller ration of the pâté. It was a HUGE appetizer, probably meant to share,  but we had also ordered another appetizer and 2 entrees so it was too much. I'd say if you are a party of 2 and really want this app, share it or come really hungry. The pâté itself was a little sweet and very delicious. It came with a little bit of tasty sweet beets and very vinegary cauliflower. I'm not a huge pickled fan, but I enjoyed it. The other app we got was the scallop. I made the mistake of taking a big bite of the salty caviar on top of the scallop with my first bite of the protein, when it's really meant to be spread around the dish. Even still I think it was way too much caviar. The mustard soup/bisque thing was banging and I'd eat that all day, although, again, the croutons were the same ones as from the bread. I actually didn't notice the croutons initially either, because they were only 3 and hidden under the scallop in the soup. It made the scallop look bigger than it was, since it sat atop it. I don't really think that was necessary because this diver scallop IS big! The croutons were deliciously soaked in the soup, but I had a WTF moment when I first discovered them.
Mains: We ordered scallop special and salmon. The scallops were prepared in the exact same way as my app, but 3 scallops instead of 1. They were perfectly seared and topped with too much caviar. They came on a bed of awesome heirloom tomatoes, shaved aged gouda, and some other rad stuff. Although my friend kept spreading the caviar throughout the salad, there was still a ton of it left at the end of it. Maybe some people love caviar more than we do? 50% of my salmon was too dry. I generally like my salmon medium, but she never asked me a temperature. Half of it was medium and moist, but the other half was well done. Eh! Also, it was barely seasoned. It was served over a thin fish chowder that was really tasty, but even eating the fish with the broth left me wanting something, even just a bit of salt on the salmon. The vegetables in the broth were also inconsistently cooked. Some of the potatoes and carrots were still hard. With carrots, that's not bad. With raw potatoes, yuck. I ended up avoiding them for the rest of dinner.
We did not get any dessert, since we came in pretty late and there were only 2 kinds left, and neither sounded great to us. The waitress described a 2 fruit bread pudding, and a parfait that made us raise our eyebrows by the randomness of the items inside of it. When she saw us make inquisitive faces at each other, she laughed and said "yeah, I know it kind of sounds like a garbage parfait" or something similar to that.
Service was pretty good. When we sat down, they immediately opened our bottle of wine and stored the other in the fridge until we were ready for it. (We were never ready for it, but they promptly brought it back to us at the end of the meal.) We were checked on frequently by just about everyone and our water glasses were pretty full. After receiving our entrees, we were checked back on pretty quickly, but not again until we were almost done and the only question was if we wanted our plates cleared. I actually didn't love my salmon, and I would have been able to say that if it weren't for the fact that I wasn't asked. 
I enjoyed the atmosphere a lot though. The big windows were open on this beautiful night, making it extra pleasant. The lights were dim, but the menu still readable. Tables are somewhat close, but not too cramped that it's uncomfortable. Noise level-wise, I read some reviews here about the music being too loud, but I didn't notice that. I was also probably the youngest person in there, so maybe my young ears didn't mind it? My friend and I were able to talk all evening without shouting. Then again, we both have pretty strong lungs as well.
Dinner at Noord is not cheap (but is quite reasonable), although still cheaper than a typical Scandinavian dinner out. It's a good experience, and I think I would come back again to try other things that sounded yum on the menu, but probably not become a regular.Remember when you were in elementary school and you would write your best friend's name vertically down a piece of paper and describe all the great things about her with each letter?
I present to you this little acrostic to Noord, my new best friend...
N is for No judgment zone. Our party of four literally BYOed a duffel bag of booze and felt both accepted and embraced by the fine staff at Noord.
O is for Onja Arlca Achmanla. For those who do NOT remember elementary school, this is Pig Latin for Joncarl Lachman. The friendliest, most pleasant chef in town.
O is for OMG the Bitterballen. Get in my mouth you scrumptious balls of goodness.
R is for Rabbit. The tastiest bunny in town.
D is for dessert. Don't skip it. Trust me.Noord was fantastic. A solid 4.5 stars, almost at a 5. Everything was cooked to perfection, and the flavors were delicious. The service was excellent and the ambiance was fantastic as well. As others have noted, the bread they provide to start is incredible. And the butter and roasted garlic on the side is the perfect accompaniment. For our first course, we had the smoked fish trio. The scallop was by far our favorite of the trio...the salmon just wasn't special in our mind, and we didn't taste the smoke in the prawn. While it was a yummy dish, I think we'd go a different route for an appetizer on our next visit. For entrees, I enjoyed the rabbit leg confit and my fiancé had the salmon. The rabbit was phenomenal. The flavor was just delicious, and everything was cooked perfectly. I was thrilled we got a second order of bread to sop up the sauce. The salmon was good, perfectly cooked, but a bit simple for our liking. The sauce was good, but not phenomenal. The portions were quite generous - we both had plenty to take home, and we were way too stuffed for dessert (sadly). Joncarl was extremely friendly and personable and seemed thrilled to serve his patrons. Finally, the price was fantastic. One of the first high-end meals we've had in a LONG time for under $100. Can't wait to return.I heard great things, but was a little skeptical as I'm not a huge fan of Nordic/Danish food.  I was completely surprised - the food was not too crazy out there. I ordered the specials: app and entree and both were amazing.  Simple arugula salad with beets, blue cheese and walnuts - they gave more beets than most restaurants would, so that was already a good sign. The bread with butter/garlic they offer - excellent as well.  Then for my entree I got the special  - Sea Bass.  Cooked to perfection. On top of that, the staff were super friendly and attentive. Very happy to have this addition to the neighborhoodWow! Loved this little gem of a restaurant on East Passyunk! 
The decor is casual elegant, white tablecloths, white painted walls and lots of windows. As we walked in from the rain, we felt very welcomed by the staff, who let us pick any table we wanted as we were the first customers there for dinner. We took a peek behind the chef's counter to see what was being made and got a description of the fresh baked breads, a real variety of interesting flavors which we got to enjoy later as the meal came with a basket of assorted breads and rolls. I really liked the brioche with the caraway seeds.
 As we were seated at our table looking over the menu, the chef came over to chat and walk us through the specials, he was very friendly and down to earth, he is obviously a real people person.    Although the soft shell crab special sounded tempting, we chose from the printed menu.  
For apps there is an interesting assortment of things you never see on a menu in Philly, like bitterballen (fried pork meatballs flavored with nutmeg, that came served with a salad) .  The bitterballen came with 3 large meatballs, and is definitely share-able, as you want to leave room entree and dessert.   We also ordered the seared diver scallop, topped with caviar and served in a bowl of mustard soup with little rye bread croutons (no doubt from the bread baked on premises).  The scallop was extremely sweet and tender, chef really seems to have a great touch with the preparation of seafood..  
For entrees we had the amsterdam mussels and the rainbow trout.  The mussels were the most delicious, perfectly cooked mussels I can remember. Though small in size, the mussels were soft and juicy, and the sauce made with beer and fennel was flavorful but not overpowering, so the mussels really shined through. If you are a fan of mussels, I definitely recommend a bowl of these. They might also be good to share as a first course. 
The rainbow trout was a whole fish that had been boned out and stuffed with jerusalem artichokes, and was served in a bowl of broth, Here, again, the chef had a light touch with the fish which was so tender it just melted in your mouth. I can't recall what was in the sauce but it tasted very buttery. There were some mustard greens as well, which added an interesting flavor contrast to the dish.
There was still room for dessert so we shared a serving of the rich almond butter cake which had a delicious flavored whipped cream on top.  The slice was huge and between the two of us we could hardly finish!  
Overall, an outstanding meal, I definitely recommend Noord and plan to go back again in the future!This place was fantastic and I cannot wait to come back!
One dissapointment was that a lot of the Yelp reviews complained about them playing "Death Metal" so we were really excited, we get to eat interesting food while hearing Death Metal?  We are in!  Sadly when we went they were playing some elevator music funk hybrid stuff, so we were kinda let down.
We were a party of 4 with a variety of tastes and likes and not one person was disappointed.  For me it was all about the Bitterballen, how could you not?
While there are a million Italian or "New-American" BYOB's out there, this is a breath of fresh air.  Great location, space, staff and food.  What more could you ask for?  (Except to bring back the Death Metal!!!)Welcome to the neighborhood noord! So happy another great spot has popped up on the avenue!!! Went there this weekend and what we really liked was the fact that it was something new and different I don't think I've seen any other Danish restaurants in Philly at least not done so well. The place had clean and welcoming decor and the host and chef and waitstaff were really really nice. 
We had the prawns, sliders and soft shell crab special for appetizers. He crab was my favorite but all of them were really good. We split the rabbit for entree also very good. You would think it would be a heavy dish based on the ingredients but the use of vinegar in the sauce (as well as many of the other dishes) really lightened it up
However I have to say I was really pleasantly surprised by dessert. The strawberry vlaai was amazing!  One of the best deserts I've had in Philly even my bf who hates desserts loved it! It was just fully of strawberry flavor but not too sweet 
We wi definitely be back and we are excited for them to start Sunday brunchDelicious brunch on a rainy Sunday!  The warm hospitality and the delicious food made our visit a 5 star.  French brewed coffee, omelets, slow cooked brisket over potatoes with warm bread and butter who could not leave satisfied!  Will definitely come back again!OK, so finally got to eat here. As soon as you walk in, you feel welcome and excited to be there. Very casual atmosphere but respectful and helpful service. We were looking forward to trying something different in the BYO scene. Presentation and originality at Noord get top notch grades. The problem is the food is good but nothing amazing. Compare to Bibou where you will often take a bite and have that "wow" moment...none of us (we were four) felt that way. My MIL ordered the mussels which were fine but the sauce was so weak in flavor, you were essentially just eating a bowl of plain mussels. I had the pork shank, a hearty dish that was overly sweet and was not very exciting. My other quip is, although the server was pleasant and knowledgeable: we were rushed. Entrees came out less than 10 minutes after appetizers. Their deserts are excellent. The butter cake is absolutely delicious. Overall though, not sure we would go back.I was blown away by this cozy Philly joint! The owner and the servers were very kind and helpful and the food was delightful and fresh. I especially appreciated the owner when he personally took me to a wine store around the block (this place is BYOB like much of Philly restaurants) and gave me recommendations when I forgot to bring my own drinks. I would recommend the prawns and herring sliders, both were marvelous. If you're in town, do not miss this gem!As we were feeling like the place is was too nice to ask for more bread, the waiter approached us and asked if would like some more bread for the broth ( in our clam, bacon, sausage beer goodness appetizer) because, "it's just too good to good to waste". The rest of the meal followed suit; the waitstaff continually read our minds, and we enjoyed rich seafood dishes. My Norwegian seared salmon was artfully seared and came in a pool of flavorful broth and potatoes. My boyfriends dish was excellent, but when he saw my salmon he regretted ordering something fried. 
The ambiance is great for a date. It's intimate, and romantically lit with Edison bulbs. It's BYOB, but there's a bar where you can watch the chefs prepare your meal complete with fire that lights up the walls every few minutes.Made reservations for Saturday night, glad I did because I think we would have been waiting a long time. For appetizers we ordered the escargot and the asparagus. The asparagus was incredibly delicious, roasted and then covered in a hard boiled egg cream with pickled onions, but the escargot was a bit weird for me, served with roasted tomatoes (which were delicious and the best part of this dish) and oranges in sweeter sauce. Probably my least favorite way I've ever had escargot. For our entrees I ordered the Amsterdam mussels, they were good but not great and my boyfriend ordered the Salmon soup which is a traditional Finnish dish his grandma makes. The salmon was cooked to perfection and the broth was good but they could have added more, I think they were trying to serve it more as a dish with a sauce and we were expecting it more as a soup, but still very good. It's also BYOB which was nice!If you love to eat and try new things, you NEED to go to Noord. This place is absolutely fantastic. I can see why they have been getting the rave reviews. All of the food we had was exceptional. The BYO part is always a bonus, tonight we got to pair our meal with Duck Rabbit's Rabid Duck Russian Imperial Stout which turned out to be perfect with the Scandinavian foods. 
For the starters we went with the Bitterballen and the Smorrebrod. I don't know how they do it with the Bitterballen, but these balls are the truth. Trust me. The Smorrebrod consisted of 3 pieces of toast topped with smoked seafood (changes daily). Ours had smoked salmon, a smoked scallop with caviar, and a smoked prawn with smoked egg. All 3 were great, I'm not even sure I could pick a favorite.
For our entrees we got the Shellfish Choucroute and one of the daily specials, the Slavink. The Shellfish dish had amazing flavors to it, much more than you would expect, and without taking away from the great seafood flavors you look for in this type of dish. The Slavink was extremely delicious. If you're not familiar, basically it is a Dutch style pork & beef meatloaf wrapped in bacon. This one comes over a bed of potatoes, spinach and little orange tomatoes. It is to die for. I loved every bite and was sad when it was gone. 
At this point we were super satisfied with everything and thought it couldn't get any better. Then we ordered dessert. An order of the almond cake and an order of chocolate chip bread pudding. The bread pudding was super delicious and was a generous portion. The almond cake was the winner though, as it tasted almost exactly like my girlfriend's mom's almond coffee cake, which we rave about all the time. It just had a much denser consistency. I highly recommend this dessert, you won't be thinking about the lack of chocolate and other sweet components you're used to having. It doesn't need those ingredients, the almond is just right as is.
I thought the service was good. Not over the top good, but certainly no complaints as far as I'm concerned. Definitely make a reservation. Definitely BYO, and make it something that will pair well with rustic, earthy flavors. This is one of the best restaurants in Philly and they're doing something no one else is. Take advantage of it.Went here for brunch and it was fantastic all around. They are incredibly welcoming and accommodating. Unlimited coffee refills at brunch, amazing bread. Meals were great as well. Would definitely come back!I've never had Dutch food before so I wasn't sure what to expect, other than the stellar Yelp reviews. 
Yelp don't lieeeeeeee (at least for Noord!) 
We went on Valentine's day and had a pre-fixe five course menu. First of all, bread was delicious - the bf loved the roasted garlic pieces that came on the rosemary butter served on the side. For the soup, we ordered the cauliflower bisque and a mustard soup with blue crab. The cauliflower was definitely delicious, but it was the mustard soup that stood out as something really different that I'd never really tasted before (well, I've tasted mustard, obviously, but not like that). 
Second course was beets w/ goat cheese and smoked salmon served on bread. Also delicious, as was the third course of lettuce.
The entrees were AMAZING. I ordered a trout dish with brussel sprouts and horseradish. It came with watercress, which I love, and the fish was steaming hot when it came out. I had to tell myself to slow down because I was just shoveling it into my mouth, it was so good. The bf got the rabbit confit. He's never had rabbit before but said the tenderness of the meat, plus the sauce it was served in, was delicious. 
For dessert, we were served a chocolate bread pudding, which was warm and gooey and yummy. It came with a slab of really delicious chocolate. Unfortunately, we were so stuffed by this course that we weren't able to eat it all...in fact, the bf woke up lamenting this morning about how he wished he could eat it again and how he regretted not eating it all last night LOL 
Side note: Noord was in a super cute area of Philly that I had never been before. I fell in love with the little neighborhood!Absolutely fantastic. Great Staff, the clams were killer, the confit ( and I know confit) was perfect. We'll be back real soon.The food was delicious and the waiter was attentive, friendly, and all around wonderful. BYOB made it a great deal for such a lovely dinner. I saw that they made take out swans for others that could not finish their meal. Personally, I finished every bite of my quail so no swan was needed. I'll surely return. Even for a rainy night it was packed, so I recommend you make reservations before venturing over.Wow! Noord did not fail to impress this past Saturday night.  Tucked into a cute little corner shop, adorned with wood trimmed widows and only a handful of tables,  a reservation is a must. Noord is byob so make sure to bring your favorite refreshments with you.  
To start out, the table receives a helping of Jonnathans homemade bread and whipped butter (it is so good!), and the bread was recently voted the best in Philly. This bread will have you screaming Oprah style-I love bread! We ordered the sambal mussels and and bitterballen (Dutch pork meatballs) for appetizers.  The mussels were cleaned and prepared well and the sauce was really good and even better with the bread.  The bitterballen usually only includes 3 meatballs,  but since we were a party of 4 our server brought an extra to the table.  
My entire party raved about their main course.  I ordered one of the specials,  roasted quail with bacon,  plums,  and fairytale eggplant.  I had never tried quail before, but the meal was excellent.  Lots of savory flavors and perfectly roasted vegetables.
We finished our meal with French press coffee and our server brought out a complimentary piece of sugarplum cake because she heard us talking that we were out for a birthday celebration.  
Overall- wonderful food, cozy ambiance,  excellent service,  and a BYOB! Overall, amazing and a difficult combination to come by in Philly.  
Ps- go for the bread you will thank me for itAnother great meal at this warm friendly restaurant with expertly prepared dishes. I had haddock for my main course made extra special with crab peaches and corn. And BYOB is always appreciatedThis place is good.   I went here with my mom, and while I can't exactly recall what either of us ordered, it was quite excellent.  I do recall there was some sort of smoked meat plate, which was quite great.Amazing service and great food! Smorrebrod appetizer  was a great mixture of smoked fish, scallops, shrimp and pickles. Normally don't care for salmon but Noord's was great. The main courses and desserts were also excellent.My fiancé and I went here over a month ago and we still keep talking about it!  Can't wait to go back.  Appetizer bitterballen and smorrebord or something like that were both very good.  The pork shank was amazing and the flavor of the broth with beans and apple cider gastrique was amazing. My fiancé had the salmon, I normally don't like salmon to much but this was amazingly cooked and seasoned crispy on the top, over an amazing almost chowder like creamy broth with veggies.  
The bread is also amazing sweet and hearty brown bread!!!!! 
Scandinavian food did sound odd to me at first as I have never had it before I didn't know what to expect but I was thoroughly impressed! 
Dessert was amazing as well, chocolate chip cranberry bread pudding and an apple crisp cake, both were huge portions.
Just go it's sooooo good!Four of us dined at Noord on Sunday evening. The noise level in the 2/3 full restaurant was quite loud making conversation difficult. The owner did not make an effort to be helpful to us when we expressed our concern about the noise level. I would happily rate the food 4 stars since three of us loved our dinners while the fourth found the anise to be too strong for her taste preference. Because of the tone set by the owner, and the unexpectedly high noise level, I can only give 3 stars overall.What a wonderful experience!! We were a party of 8 and had an incredibly delicious meal!! The customer service was outstanding and the menu had interesting diverse selections to please any picky crowd. I had the brusselsprouts appetizer and my husband had the herring sliders. For dinner I had the trout which was cooked perfectly. My husband had the mixed seafood entry. We had a variety of desserts to share. My favorite was the bread pudding. I can't wait to go back and bring more friends there!!I can literally not say enough nice things about this lovely and charming place. My boyfriend had been dying to go here for a little over a year but as a self-described picky eater, I was hesitant. Finally, I caved and I am so glad I did...I was absolutely blown away by every aspect of this place. First of all, I've never had a more tender or delicious London Broil and even the Cheese and Pickle platter was to die for. Even the bread they set out on the table was mouth-watering good! I'm normally not a fan of rabbit, but I couldn't resist taking a few bites of my boyfriend's. Secondly, the service here is exceptional. Our waiter, Luis, was not only pleasant as he was charming, but he had this special ability to make you feel like you were the only table in the world he cared about. I was pleasantly surprised this morning when I looked at our to-go dessert that he insisted we take (despite being the fullest and food drunk I ever have been in my life) he had written "mmmm!" across the top. It's the little touches about waitstaff that really push an experience above and beyond expectations.The entire staff, from chef to bus boy, were extremely welcoming and hospitable. I was absolutely gushing when I left this place about how enjoyable and what a wonderful experience it was. Undoubtedly, this is some of the best service I've had in Philadelphia after living here for a few years and without a doubt one of the best meals I've had ever. The food, the service, and the ambiance make this restaurant a hard 5 star (would give it 6 if I could!) I'll be recommending this place to all of my friends and family.came here with my girlfriend for anniversary for dinner. we've never had scandinavian food before, but my girlfriend loves pickled stuff so I figured this would be a great place to go. and the experience certainly was amazing. the only thing is that the main courses are very filling so I feel like we over-ordered when we got 2 appetizers and 2 entrees. with that said, if you like pickles, definitely get the cheese and pickle platter. the Bitterballen was good as well. I got their daily special, which was a whole fish that was done with a stew that was out of this world. my girlfriend got the Konijn in het Zuur with the rabbit, which she really enjoyed. overall, I will definitely come back again.What a fabulous place offering dishes that no one else dreams of with service that is outstanding. Our waiter, Louis, made the whole experience memorable. He was ADORABLE, and gave us good advice as to what to order. A terrific experience from start to finish. What are you waiting for?  Go!A.
This is one of the best restaurants I have ever been to. Nothing I can say can explain how good the food tastes when the food touches your tongue. As my friend had said, "This is like IKEA on steroids." and I really love my IKEA food.
We got the Chicken and Mushroom Croquettes, 12 Hour Braised Brisket Hash and Blue Crab Three Egg Omelet.
12 Hour Braised Brisket Hash. This food had slight taste of acidicness from the tomato which makes you wonder if the food is spicy or sweet. The combination of that and the juicy braised brisket makes this dish a solid dish.
Blue Crab Three Egg Omelet. This food has a unique taste of seafood in it due to the blue crab. You can distinctly taste the ocean in your mouth and the butteriness of the toast on the side gives you a good balance. The pungent spicy mustard they give you with the fried potato also gives a little kick in your mouth every once in a while.
Chicken and Mushroom Croquettes. This food was hands down amazing. The croquette had the right consistency, not too mushy, not too dry. The sauces, spicy mustard and mayo gave it the flavor it need to keep you wanting for more. The pickled vegetable also helps you to re-energize your palate and start all over again.
This restaurant is a must go to if you are visiting/live in Philadelphia. I would definitely going back to this restaurant.Absolutely amazing. Everything we had was delicious, especially the bitterballen and clam appetizers. The clam appetizer was seriously one of the best dishes I've ever eaten in my life... I will remember it. I still don't know how they got all those flavors in one plate to work together. AMAZING. 
The service was impeccable and professional but also friendly and welcoming. The chef was walking around greeting people and explaining dishes. Truly a wonderful experience!No, I am not a friend of the owner.  Hell, I didn't even know about his Chicago story until I read it just now on Yelp.  And I was skeptical about the cuisine- Nordic/Dutch?But yes, I am now a fan of Jon Carl and Noord.
First, in this day chef-lebrities, it was quite a shock to see that the man pouring my water was the chef-owner, himself.  His passionate introduction to the nightly specials inspired us to try a few.
But enough about the warm ambiance, let's talk food.  First, the homemade bread and spread was so delicious, I contemplated pulling a senior moment and stuffing my bag.  Next, the croquette appetizer was creamy and crispy and perfectly sided with a pickled salad.   The mussels were served with a velvety, intense broth that begged (and I obliged) for another serving of bread.  The sea bass special, cooked perfectly, was delicately flavored with coriander flowers from the local garden and topped with fresh tomatoes, spinach, and clams.  Yum!
Too stuffed for dessert, we left fat and happy.I had no idea what to expect from this place, but everything was so delicious! The grilled bread with sweet butter is killer. I went with a larger group for brunch, and we had a medley of omelets, hashes, and open face sandwiches at the table. My brisket hash was so savory and loaded with juicy brisket. The sunny eggs could've been prepared a little better, but the flavor overall was great. Definitely order a dish served with crispy potatoes drizzled with mustard, so good!
Warning, the food here is heavyyyy. 
For that reason, this place won't be my go to for brunch. Noord still is a fun, yummy place to try if you'd like to venture into another realm of cuisine!This was one of the best restaurant experiences I have ever had! From the moment we sat down, the waitstaff was welcoming and warm. Our waiter was Luis, the most personable and knowledgeable waiter ever. The food was outstanding, from the appetizers (clams and turmeric, prawns, mustard soup), main courses (an AMAZING pork chop), to the incredible desserts (the bread pudding is sensational!). The chef was eager to share some especially delicious treats with us that were not even on the menu. The  wonderful -- and rare-- thing is that everyone working there seems HAPPY, and the result is it comes across in the food and the whole dining experience. We could not have picked  a better restaurant, and will most definitely be back.Everything we got was extraordinary- smorgasboard, vegetarian pate, salmon, haddock, dessert. And the waiters &owners were super-friendly. I want to keep going till I can try everything on the menu. 
Now my two favorite spots (this and Fond) are right next to each other!One of the best meals I've had in Philly. This place has that easy-but-classy feel of many south Philly BYOB spots, but none of the bland/underwhelming food. Every dish was interesting and flavorful, the server had good and clear recommendations (nothing worse than a server with no advice), and the server and host were both incredibly charming. I wouldn't claim to know how to recognize nuances of Scandinavian cuisine, but recently traveled to Iceland, Norway, and Sweden, and the dishes we had were on par with the best meals I had overseas. Beautiful housemade rye bread with "butter of the day" (honestly, if that doesn't make you want to go, you're wrong), scallop appetizer, and gehaktballen (meatballs) were favorites. Plus we got a comp'ed plate of insanely rich chocolate mousse and whipped cream because we "needed something to go with the rest of your wine." Then the host chased us down in our Lyft when I forgot my jacket. Just completely a gem of an experience. Highly recommend.Great meal, small but intimate space. BYO is always a nice aspect because there's no markup for wine. A very friendly wait staff that brought a complimentary dessert because he thought it was his personal favorite.
I went here last week with my girlfriend who I met in Sweden, and this restaurant does Northern European cuisine a good service.
With any restaurant, and with an amenable party I try to share everything that is served, and at this restaurant I am very glad that I got to try as much as possible. Starting with the house rye bread that is soft and warm with a light, crisp rye flavor and a nice char on the crust with seasoned butter and roasted garlic I knew I would be in for a treat.
To start I had a salmon gravlax dish with pickled beets, creme fraiche, celery leaf and horseradish that was a great combination of salty, creamy, acid and bitterness that captured traditional Scandinavian flavors. I also got to try the mustard soup with diver scallop. The mustard soup was carrot based and contained some chunks that provided nice textual variance without being too grainy or lumpy, and the scallop was cooked and seasoned absolutely beautifully and was complimented by the soup nicely. 
I then had the konjin in het zuur which was a rabbit leg confit with pickled cabbage, turnips, lardons, and smoked sausage that was rich and also reminiscent of Northern Europe. The confit fell apart and was supple and moist, the sausage was smoky and juicy, and the turnips provided a nice and interesting side starch. My girlfriend had the Amsterdam style mussels which had a nice beer flavor and seasonings that brought out the natural and delicate flavors of the mussels.
The desserts were also very good, and although we only ordered the almond butter cake and the bread pudding, the staff gave us the pear cake free of charge. The bread pudding was a nice sweet bite and was hearty and warming, the almond butter cake was extremely light and had a hint of lemon and was very nice, and the pear cake was nicely cakey and had a great slightly bitter caramel that did a nice job to reduce the natural sweetness of the cake.
Would recommend to anyone in the city. Very friendly service, great food, great value.Excellent food. I love this place! 
Tip: Make reservations on OpenTable for an early dinner - say 5 or 5:30pm. Parking will be easier for street parking to avoid paying a nearby Valet. It is across the street from Fond restaurant and others.
I will definitely come back to this place. From the appetizers, entrees and to desserts was delicious. It is not a very large restaurant, but a group of 4 would work with reservations.
Walk-ins may have a chance to dine here, but I would not recommend chancing it.This place was fine but I don't get what all the Yelp buzz is about.   Nice informal vibe.  Server was delightful.  But the food (such as the fish sliders and the fish entree we shared) was good but nothing to shout about.Noord served one of the top 3 meals I've had in Philly! My friend and I had the bitterballen, the clams and zuurkool (clams and meats in broth), the lekkerbekjes (fried fish on peas), and the salmon (lohikeitto). The flavor profiles of these foods  were all different from one another but equally amazing. I was especially impressed by how perfectly all of the meats were cooked or fried. The ambiance was this awesome blend of private yet welcoming, up scale but not snooty. I would love to come back soon!A wonderful find in the heart of South Philadelphia.(And NOT Italian!) As soon as we entered the quaint space we were greeted personally by the Chef/owner John. He took the time to chat a bit as he opened our wine(BYOB). Our meal was fresh, creative, traditional Scandanavian fare. From the goat soup to the rabbit confit and the roasted squash over lentils, our dinners were superb. The neighborhood is an up and coming area for food lovers and we are glad we found it. Prost! Noord 
Albert Ciervo, Reading,PaHad a great meal here last night. I wanted something different for my bday, so we decided to try noord. I had no idea what to order so we relied on the waittress to help. 
Our app was this cutting board with pickled onions, tomatos, and obv pickles alongside 3 pieces of toast, one topped with salmon, one w shrimp and a hardboiled egg, one with scallop and caviar. It was very good, a little pricey for the amount, but good and i have no prob paying for good food. Next up i ordered the rabbit in this sort of sweet sauerkraut in a broth w some veggies. I really enjoyed this dish. It was great. The wife got the london broil which reminded me of beef stew...but also good. For dessert she got bread pudding. It was a monstrous piece and after every bite she exclaimed how great it was. Check this place out if you can. Good service, not stuffy, but fun. Place was packed so make rez.I've never been to a restaurant where I felt embarrassed for not bringing a bottle of wine to dinner, but heck, I've never really dined in Philly, so I took it in stride, went around the corner and picked up a nice blended bottle of red and embarked on a very unforgettable and unique culinary experience.
I heard about Noord from yelp and was able to easily reserve a table for our anniversary dinner. When we arrived, we were immediately seated by a charming and charismatic waiter to our seat, where he had already written 'congratulations' on the table cloth. The waiter also was a little bit...cheeky, but in a lovingly manner that brought additional flavors to the restaurant. For the food, I definitely loved the complimentary hunk-o-bread, which was served still warm from the oven and accompanied by the home-made (albeit, slightly salty) butter. We ordered the holland sliders, mustard soup, the pan roasted pork chops and the special pork roast. Of these, my favorite was definitely the herring sandwich (sliders), in which the potato buns perfectly captured and mellowed out the salty, briny nature of the herrings. I also really enjoyed the mustard soup, especially with the smoked salmon cream, as it opened my cultural culinary palate in an unexpected, but enjoyable way. Unfortunately, I was really disappointed by the 2 pork dishes, in which the meat for both were incredibly tough, stringy and broke the Noordic enchantment. While the dessert, composed multiple layers of whipped cream, fruits and jam concluded our dinner wonderfully, we couldn't leave the restaurant because our single waiter was taking care of all of the patrons and couldn't get to us for at least 20 minutes.
At the end of the day, I think Noord is definitely a place worth visiting, especially when compared to all of the culinary must-trys in the foodie city. However, you may want to skip out on the pork options when you're here, and try out their salmon dishes instead.
Food: 4 stars
Service: 4 stars
Ambiance: 4 stars
Price: 4 starsHaving just returned from Amsterdam, I was curious to know what we had locally by way of Dutch cuisine.  Noord popped up and so we gave it a try.  
Starting with the lovely rye bread with garlic butter and the plump, creamy bitterballen, we were sold.  I had the rabbit confit, complimented with sausage and cabbage, and it was surprisingly meaty, and certainly delicious.   We also had the salmon and the squash, all cooked to perfection. The meal ended with a hard but tasty almond cake in a to-die-for custard.  Total bill for four: $164.00
The service was enthusiastic and warm, and the atmosphere homey.  My only complaint was the acoustics - it's one of those places where you can hardly hear the person at your side - but I imagine if you went at a less crowded hour it would be fine.  Typical of the many great Passyunk eateries, the restaurant was built within the confines of a local row house, so it's small, but cozy.  It's a BYO, so don't forget to take along your favorite hefeweizen.Had one of my best meals here at Noord. The food was delicious!! I went for a birthday dinner and the chef and servers were super friendly.Had dinner at Noord on Saturday night the 17th of August 
And I had the most fantastic meal. I had the mustard soup with the diver scallop and it was amazing. My main course was the soft shell crabs with watermelon and feta cheese. I have never had such big soft shell crabs . The meal was so good. I can't wait to go back. Wonderful staff. Everyone was so nice, and that bread, don't get me started.
RichardIn a word, excellent. Noord is a quaint BYO, located in the East Passyunk Square area of Philly, that puts their own spin on Dutch and Scandinavian dishes. We started with the complimentary "Jonathan's Handmade Bread". Although I typically don't fill up on bread, I simply couldn't help myself.  Truthfully, I could have ordered two more servings, eaten nothing else, and left a happy man. The wife I split a pair of appetizers; the Bitterballen and the Roasted Cauliflower. The Bitterballen was excellent, the cauliflower was good, but not great.  For dinner I had the Brisket Hashee and my wife had the "Gehaktballen" Dutch Sirloin Meatballs. Again, both were excellent. If we were picking a winner, we both agreed the Brisket Hashee was it. We finished with a shared piece of Almond Cake, which was also very good. We enjoyed everything about Noord, including the very reasonable price and very generous portions, and will definitely be returning.Luis was a great waiter. Knowledgeable, helpful and entertaining. He put up with us for 3 hours... 4 apps, 2 mains and 3 desserts. Mustard soup with Scallop was great as well as the clams. Snert was good. I thought the rabbit was a bit dry and it had the same sauce as the clams. Desserts were fantastic.This place is absolutely stellar! It is so unique, and the care and love you feel when dining here is something to truly be cherished. We came her with my future father in law while he was in town and although our table wasnt quite ready when we got there, they told us they would take our wine and call us when it was ready. They sent us over to Stateside to grab a pre dinner cocktail. After our drink at Stateside, we were warmly greeted at the door of Noord and taken to our table. Its a very dimly lit restaurant, but its very charming and cozy, especially on a cold winter's night. My fiance's father brought a few bottles of white wine, which were opened rather quickly, and we began to indulge while deciding what to order. We decided on the broodjes haring, clams and zurkool, stuffed rainbow trout, konijn in het Zuur and the scallop special of the evening.
The menu is unlike anything I have come across in Philadelphia, and it is incredibly interesting. Everything sounded so delicious, it made it very difficult to decide on what to order. Once we had, they brought out some grilled bread with roasted garlic and fresh better. What a way to start the meal. The bread was fantastic and was made that much better by the simply roasted garlic and butter. I loved the char-grilled marks on the bread. 
The first course up from the kitchen was the broodjes haring, or mini herring sandwiches with cucumber and pickled onions on potato rolls. My future father in law is German and loves herring in all forms, so he jumped all over the chance to order these. I was glad he did, because they were very delicious. The herring was tender and not nearly too fishy, and the little bit of freshness added by the cucumber was perfect. The clams and zurkool came up next. Zurkool is like a Dutch version of sauerkraut. It was served in a beer caraway broth with some smoked sausage and little neck clams. The broth was stunning. It looked like a heavy cream sauce, but it was light and flavorful and the perfect pairing for the clams. Getting the little bites of smoked sausage was a real treat as well, adding a touch of smoke to the creaminess. 
All of the entrees we ordered were fantastic. The trout that I ordered was outstanding. It was deboned perfectly, spruced up nicely by the fresh herbs, and was so fall apart tender is was hard to believe. The mustard cream sauce was light and flavorful as well. I got to try both the other entrees as well, and both were stellar. The rabbit was probably the best rabit I have had anywhere to date. It was incredibly tender and one of the most comforting dishes I have had in recent memory. The small pieces of smoked sausage added a nice flavor contrast to the rich cream sauce. The scallops has a beautiful sear to them. They were served over a bed of lettuce and topped with some whole grain mustard. It was delicious.
I didnt know what to expect from dessert, but we were floored. We ordered one piece of the almond cake and one piece of the cranberry bread pudding to share between the three of us. The almond cake was beautifully done. It tasted like the filling of a marzipan chocolate. The bread pudding was out of this world. I usually dont like fruit in my bread pudding, but this was the best I have ever had. It tasted like Christmas! The bread pudding was full of spices like nutmeg and cinnamon, almost giving it a GluWhein like taste. It was superb. I will go back to Noord again and again. Its incredibly unique and their execution is spot on. It is totally worth a visit.Everything about my dinner here was perfect. It's been a couple of years, although I do plan on going back soon, but all of my friends that went on my recommendation say their meals were delicious. I distinctly remember the snert and the almond cake being so flavorful. The chef came out and talked to us for a bit and just really completed the experience. One of my favorite restaurants in the city.I have been to Noord 10+ times and have loved every experience.  Everyone who works there is hilarious, the food is amazing, and the setup is perfect for a date.  Mussels starter is great, bread is great, and Rabbit leg is awesome. Eat here.  BYOB.Went here for my bday. What an unusual menu. I've tried a lot of different cuisines but never had anything like the food they serve here. My friends and I started with the Smorgasbord. Everything was super fresh and beautifully presented. We also had the grilled shrimp. Last time I had shrimp this good was when I was in Portugal with my mom. Don't miss it. The other app was the meatballs. I've never met a meatball I didn't like but this one had nutmeg in it which isn't one of my fave spices.
For dinner I had the pork--yum!!. IOthers at the table had the mussels, the salmon and the curried shellfish. We finished with an amazing chocolate bar (I think it was called a bark) and an almond cake. That was just a tiny bit dry but still tasty. 
The service was perfect and we couldn't have felt more welcomed. Oh, and the bread? To die for! Can't wait to go back.Omg! I've been wanting to go here for a while and finally got to it last night. Amazing food and service in a nice setting! 
As a starter we got the bitterballen (fried meatballs) and the prawns. Both delicious and being a Dutchie in Philly, I was really happy to find bitterballen like back home. 
I had the rabbit leg as my main course and my husband went for the slavink, kind of a meatloaf. These were also delicious and portions were quite large too. 
Then for dessert we got the bread pudding and apple streusel, but were also surprised by a slice of butter cake when the owner found out we were from Holland. These desserts are now sitting in my fridge because of course it was all too much! 
Great food and a great spot too. There's $8 valet parking which will save you headaches. Will definitely go back here! Don't miss this one!I wanted to try something new and different. This place was a big hit. Beautiful and enjoyable. A tad bit small. But who cares when the food is that delightful. I can't wait to go back. And don't skip desserts. They were amazing as well.It was my wife's birthday and this lunch started our day off perfectly.   Our waitress was one of the best waitresses we have ever had.  This place could have received five stars on service alone.   
But it did not stop there.   The spicy chick egg open face sandwich, was full of flavor and delicious.   Not to mention, the deep fried French toast should be illegal it is so good.     If you are in Philly, put this at the top of your to do list.I can't say enough good things about Noord.  The service was exceptional. The appetizers were amazing. I had the escargot and bitterballen. Both were memorable to say the least. My wife had the salmon which was great. I had a special striped bass that was very good. 
They also give this awesome bread that is perfect for slopping up all their amazing sauces. 
I will be backNoord really impressed me. It was an adventure getting our reservation as our initial reservation was on the infamous Eagles vs. Lions "snow bowl" blizzard of 2014. Then there was a slight mixup and our second reservations were lost. But once we were there, it was definitely worth it. Noord is a small and intimate BYOB off of East Passyunk, one of my favorite South Philly neighborhoods. 
I won't go into much detail about our meal as everything was delicious. I ordered the Norwegian salmon. Some things of note: the fresh bread and butter was to die for. We ordered the Holland Sliders and I thought they were really good, but the potato bread  roll was a little underwhelming as it tasted just like a processed potato bread roll from your local ACME. That's really my only criticism. The service was great. 
What I liked most about Noord is how different the food is from other restaurants in Philly. I'm happy for the chance to sample delicious Scandinavian fare and I would definitely go back.I regularly visit Noord with my grandparents, as they absolutely love the menu and the staff. The restaurant has a great ambience, with the decorative art having been created by one of the owners! The food is nothing like I've ever had, but every single meal I have ever had here was incredibly delicious, large portioned, and unique. I have gone for Brunch and for Dinner, and the variety of foods is always different (season dependent). They serve a delicious grilled bread at the table, and make sure you get some of their french pressed coffee!Small and simple interior BYOB restaurant. Authentic food and casual service. We ordered the Bitterballen, Dutch pork meatballs that are fried and ADDICTIVE!!!!. The mustard soup is amazing with a scallop and caviar. It's an open kitchen and the chef greets you with a smile. So nice to be acknowledged when you walk in this small but warm restaurant. We brought our own wine since it is B.Y.O.B. We really enjoyed the Dutch milk bread. The menu is unlike anything we have come across in Philadelphia.Third time at Noord, this past weekend.  This time we went with hyper-critical NY foodie friends.  They could not have been more impressed!  Wanted to move to Philly just so they could go to Noord all the time.  We almost missed ordering the softshell crabs and soooo happy to ordered them.  This is one of the most memorable plates I've had this year.  Perfectly cooked crabs with an amazing finish that includes red and yellow watermelon.  Go just for this!  However, I then had the rabbit dish, sort of a stew, at the suggestion of our delightful wait-person, Jen.  It was also a revelation.  So, have one softshell as an appetizer and then the rabbit as an entree and go home so wonderfully filled.  (Oh, did we mention the desserts?)Noord was really good.  I definitely would come back and try to order some different items and I love that the food is different from anything else you can get in Philly.  My main complaint is the service.  While our waitress was very prompt in arriving to tell us the specials, we weren't ready yet to order and let her know.  Then it was probably a good 20 minutes before she came back, and I spent about 10 of those minutes staring at her trying to catch her eye.  The room is tiny, but every time she walked by she (deliberately?) stared ahead and didn't glance around to see if her tables needed anything (i.e. put in our order!).  This happened again with the dessert, when we wanted a minute, she came back 20 minutes later.  It was a little frustrating and really put a damper on my evening.  However, that being said, she was perfectly cordial.
We got the smorrebrod, which was amazing.  It was my favorite thing I ate that evening.  I got the stuffed rainbow trout, which I thought was very well cooked but didn't have me drooling.  My companions had the mussels (she said they were quite good and they were beautiful, plump large mussels) and the squash (loved it).  We also got the almond butter cake, which-- just to set your expectations-- is more like a dense almond-paste like cake with crunchy slivered almonds on top.  It was good but I thought too sweet, especially with the custard it was in (too sweet, not eggy).  All in all, I'd like to go again because I think it could have been better than the "quite good" that it was and I think I would order the rabbit or pork next time.So, this is a completely new review of Noord.  On Mother's Day, the restaurant started serving brunch.  Now, to me, brunch is tricky.  Originally, it was a way to open your restaurant on Sunday mid-day and get rid of all the food not served on Friday and Saturday evenings.  (Read A. Bourdain on brunch!). And it used to be a late breakfast-early lunch kind of thing.  Now, it's a sleep in on Sunday and drag yourself out to brunch, 12 noon to 3 pm, kind of thing.  So, to distinguish one's brunch calls for creativity and honesty.  And that's my point............if you want to experience truly creative and utterly honest brunch, head to Noord as soon as you can.  I'm gonna leave it at that.  See what you think.Just full disclosure- I'm very sensitive to the smell of fish, so fish that is not cooked perfectly I can't eat. Thankfully, I ordered the chicken and mushroom kroket which I loved. They did a great job pairing it with pickled vegetables which reminded me a lot of what I used to eat in Copenhagen. 
Then, I tried my friend's fish omelette and barely managed to swallow it. The overwhelming dank of fish in the omelette was ick. Chased it with some deep fried french toast which was divine. Service was good and overall would come back, but possible for dinner instead.The food is delicious.  The menu is quite varied offering something for a wide variety of tastes.  The seafood stew is marvelous.  The specials often include wonderful fish preparations.  Meat eaters will be very happy as well.  The bread is superb and changes daily.  I would eat there for the bread alone but the rest of the flavors are too enticing to skip.
Multiple visits have reinforced my first impressions.  One of the most enjoyable eating experiences in the city. It doesn't hurt that in addition to the food, the atmosphere is also very pleasant.  The owner/chef is a hail-fellow-well-met if ever there were one.  He is as likely o greet and seat you as any of the staff, which also happen to be superb.Great restaurant, I am Dutch and very happy to have found this place in Philadelphia - the bitterballen are better than in holland! Great menu and very nice interior.Noord is a sleek and innovative spot that's the ideal gateway to the East Passyunk area of South Philly, a budding hipster enclave with a lively restaurant and bar scene, great people watching, and terrible parking.  Made me feel right at home given I spend many of my days in the trendy Mission District of San Francisco.  
Our dinner companions were the veritable first couple of South Philly, the life of the party, tight with all the restaurant staff and beloved of every passerby.  And when you are sitting in a fully open-air restaurant, big windows flung open to the sky, the passersby become part of the fabric of the meal.  Camaraderie and community Philly-style.  
Everything we ate here was very rich, very hearty, and very delicious, not to mention unfailingly unique.   My first taste of a mustard soup went down smooth as I grasped for a bite of the tender scallops bobbing in the middle alongside semi-crunchy rye croutons, the whole shebang swirled with a thin ribbon of tarragon oil.  The stuff of brilliant invention!   As were the "clams and zuurkool," a stew of littleneck clams with braised cabbage, bacon and sausage, and caraway beer broth.   The ultimate tonic for a Scandinavian winter, no doubt. 
Next came the gut-busting Bitterballen, gigantic pork meatballs perfectly seasoned, uncharacteristically moist, and unrepentantly deep-fried.  We approached these caloric orbs with trepidation, given the likely health consequences, but ultimately found them the most sublime aspect of the meal.
Our entrees, which arrived long after fulfillment and just before the onset of gluttony, consisted of the braised pork uitsmijter, a remarkable sandwich atop a grilled brioche with a sunny side egg and pickles, along with its gastronomic opposite, the Surinam seafood curry, a mild, tomato based Indo-Scandinivian bouillabaisse loaded with shellfish, potatoes and carrots, by far the most health-conscious course of the evening.  
All of this was washed down with copious amounts of BYOB, a friendly touch that kept the bill from reaching astronomical proportions.  Because we had to give dessert a whirl, we chose the almond cake, which was intensely imbued with almond extract and surrounded by clouds of vanilla whipped cream.  We couldn't stop until the plate was clean, even though our minds and bodies had long since thrown in the towel.I don't ever write reviews but for this I thought it was deserving.  Noord is such a cute, small BYO.  We arrived for brunch without reservations and they found a way to accommodate us.  The service was outstanding and the staff was so friendly. Most importantly, the food was fantastic.  Great menu and everything so fresh & tasty.  I will without a doubt be back to Noord!Review Summary: Ambience: 3/5  Food: 3/5  Service: 3/5
Okay so first off, I'm not even sure if this place is actually Scandinavian. A lot of the dishes on the menu were Dutch, from the Bitterballen to the Dutch goat stew. Not to mention, "noord" is actually Dutch for North. The friend I went with also mentioned that the chef speaks Dutch, so please someone correct me if I'm wrong. 
But anyway, we're all here to talk about food so that will be my main focus. I came here with another friend for the East Passyunk Avenue Restaurant week and after reviewing the menus we decided that I would order off the prix-fixe and she would try a-la-carte. 
For my appetizer I got the Krokets, followed by the Braised Pork Shank with fried potatoes and apple gastrique, and finally the dessert tasting menu. She got the Sauteed PA Rainbow Trout. 
I was pleasantly surprised by how large the portions were. For $35 I certainly got more food than I could possibly finish.The Krokets were fine, I get them a lot in Indonesia where I'm from, and they're usually more of a street snack rather than a gourmet dish. The Braised Pork Shank was also decent but not amazing. My friend thought differently though--she was quite impressed and mentioned that she did not normally enjoy sauces but loved the apple gastrique. Finally, the dessert tasting menu was way too large (coming from a diehard dessert lover), and the chef really lay down the aromatic herbs and essences way too heavily when making them. All I could taste was sugar and the strong scents of every spice he decided to include that night. 
The Rainbow Trout, however, was a completely different story. The Trout was very lightly seasoned and cooked with such care that I felt as if I were sitting on a beach and feasting on the day's catch just off the grill. I cannot stress how impressed I was with this fish, since I haven't tasted anything like it since coming to the States. YUM.
Overall I thought most of the aspects of this experience were average, so I cannot give Noord any more than 3 stars. The service was friendly, but to be expected from a restaurant like this.Small place but was able to seat us without reservations.  Friendly service,  good flavors; overall the place reminded us of our trip to the Netherlands and all the food we ate there.   Also byob.I was a bit skeptical going in as The menu didn't impress me but it turned out to be an evening to remember. The salmon was perfectly cooked and crispy on the outside in a light sauce. It was one of the best salmon I have had.  And I eat a lot of salmon.  The trout's dill sauce was incredible.   We ordered the bread pudding and the almond cake.  Wow!!  Jen, the waitress was great. If you want amazing fish and great service, go to Noord.Massive thank you to Luis and the team. Not only was our first experience delightful but it was courteous and hospitable. From the moment I mentioned an allergy to the moment we signed the check. Luis was attentive, effervescent and charismatic. For someone with dietary restrictions, the staff did an outstanding job on catering and upholding its reputation on cuisine and hospitality. That was a dining experience I will never forget. Thank you guys again. Luis, dude you rock!!!First of all, Noord is Dutch, NOT SCANDINAVIAN! I don't think they tried to be Scandinavian, so I'm not too sure why Yelp thinks it is. I was actually under the impression that it was Scandinavian since I read Yelp instead of their website/menu... That one's on me. And be sure to bring alcohol since it's a BYO! I had forgotten.
The food was still pretty good, even though I was excited to try Scandinavian food. My friend ordered mini chicken and portobello krokets, pan roasted pork loin, and the dessert plate off the East Passyunk Restaurant Week menu, while I opted for the rainbow trout. We split everything evenly and were told that one could order restaurant week while the other ordered a la carte. In the end, we ended up being charged as if it were all a la carte--and therefore overcharged. Unfortunately, we were in a rush and didn't realize this until it was too late.
The krokets were tasty, though the inside was a little too wet and slimy, but overall tasted good. I would probably not get this again a la carte though. The pork loin was rather tasteless unless you soaked it in the sauce, which I surprisingly enjoyed. The rainbow trout was very good, but a little tasteless. The fish was to speak for itself. Lastly, the dessert plate was overwhelming... there were three large slices of heavy cakes/desserts. I have a feeling we could have been more adventurous in our ordering and gone for a more authentic and therefore more delicious Dutch taste, so I am going to give Noord the benefit of the doubt.
The service was overly attentive at first, and when we had to tell them that we weren't finished eating, they pretty much stopped coming over to our table (even to refill waters or give us the check!), even though we were still in a rush. They calculated our bill wrong, which was another strike against them. The atmosphere wasn't too memorable and the tables were rather close together, though there is a nice view of East Passyunk and Fond.
All in all, I have to say this is the best Dutch food I've had... considering I've never eaten Dutch food before! I hope our experience with the service is the anomaly rather than the standard.What an amazing restaurant! The food was outstanding. The rabbit and trout was delicious. The bread melted in our mouths. The atmosphere is warm and cozy. Luis's warm demeanor made the evening so much more special. Highly recommend!I made a reservation for 6 of us for my dads birthday.  The atmosphere was awesome. Its a small room that fits around 40 people with the kitchen located on the side.  Candles everywhere and huge windows made it a very chill environment.  Our waiter very friendly and made some great recommendations.  The service was outstanding, we didnt have to wait long for our food and everything came and went smoothly end perfectly.  Now on to the best part:  the food was awesome! We started with a complimentary bread for the table which felt like it was just out of the oven... It was rolled up like a cinnabun minus the sugar and tasted great and very fresh.  For appetizers we had the pork meat balls and escargot. The pork meat balls were ok but the escargot were excellent served in some type of sweet sauce with fruits which made it really delicious.  For my entree i had the striped sea bass which was served just perfect with out the bones.  My dad had the pan fried  pork chop which he said was excellent. Our party really enjoyed our food. For dessert we had friend crum cake with french pressed coffee. Great stuff!My boyfriend and I visited Noord last night as part of Passyunk's restaurant week!  The food was amazing!  The service was even better.  They were incredibly attentive and also very friendly with great personalities.  The co-owner (I believe his name is Bob) created a lot of the cool artwork on the wall.  The restaurant had a great atmosphere, brought on by the creative aesthetic, fun staff, and excellent food!  I would highly recommend this place to anybody.You cannot but root for this little boisterous boîte of a restaurant and its gregarious chef-owner, even if there is room for improvement.  The vaunted Northern European cuisine is here more in spirit than actual dishes, aside from the Bitterballen and Haddock on Snert.  That is not a criticism because it allows the menu to be untethered and much more free-ranging.
The Holland Sliders (mini herring sandwiches) made for a pleasant start, with good quality herring on soft small buns as squishy as white castle burgers.  We liked the grilled prawns but were less enamored of the Crispy Whitefish Cake who had an excess of filler materials.  The star of the appetizers was the Mustard Soup with Seared Diver Scallop:  the pungent sharpness of the mustard soup playing beautifully off the sweet and carefully seared mollusk.  A dish I would love to order again.
Of the main courses, a expertly sauteed rainbow trout made a fan of everyone at the table, less so the open-faced grilled lamb burger with a heavy slice of melted cheese on top.  It brought the restaurant dangerously near burger joint level and the accompanying potatoes did nothing to change that.  The shellfish choucroute lacked the choucroute - I was fishing around for it in the tasty broth that made the dish closer to a mussel-pot.  The dish reached its full potential when we asked for another basket of the excellent rye bred baked in house, with garlic butter (if it came cut in slices, it would make the sharing much easier, otherwise, everyone was tugging at the big piece).
The desserts kicked the satisfaction level of the table up a few notches, with addictive chocolate brad pudding and a delightful version of apple-streusel tart, the ratio of apples and topping tilting (correctly) towards the apple side.  Coffee is served in French presses - a good ending.  Service is attentive and rather chipper, with chef jumping in when and where needed.  The quality of the glasses for our BYOB wines was decent.This is Part 2 of a 2-part review...for Part 1, see above...
DESSERT:
Boterkoek met Advocaat (buttercake with brandy almond cream)--This didn't sound like much, and as usual you don't really expect much from the average BYOB's dessert menu, most of which lack a dedicated pastry chef.  But this was the exception that proved the rule, a delicious, moderately dense cake with a crisp layer of slivered almonds on top, and a quenelle-shaped dollop of brandy cream that was dessert by itself.  Simple sounding, and it really was quite simple, but sometimes the simple things are best, and this really was one of the best desserts I've had so far this year.
-or-
Dutch chocolate custard--I had a spoonful, but I don't really remember it, I was so focused on the buttercake and sauternes.
~1998 Château Climens
Conclusions?  
An excellent meal, and everyone seemed to enjoy every single dish, although there were certainly standouts like the Lohikeitto and the buttercake that I hope make it on to Noord's menu.
Service, although a bit slow (not a big surprise, given the chef was dealing with an unfamiliar kitchen and staff), was what we expected from F&F.  Actually, Josh Lawler had the night off, so it was all Joncarl in the kitchen.  As usual, we were ably entertained by the adorable Judy (wife of F&F's sous chef), and also got to chat with Noord's Bob Moysan (another Philly native who coincidently went to the same high school as one of us!).  Joncarl, who sat down to talk with several of the late tables, is charming and friendly.
Frankly, not really a misstep to be seen at this popup, which bodes well for Noord.  The strong press coverage leading up to their opening is also a good sign that they will be able to get over the initial 'hump'.
However, I do worry that such hearty cuisine will put Noord on the outer edge of Philly fine dining BYOBs, a scene that is largely dominated by New American restaurants.  In this regard, Noord will be more like Kanella or Koo Zee Doo, two of my favorites that don't seem to get nearly enough press, perhaps because the average diner feels less comfortable with their cooking styles than with those of Blackfish, Fond, or Matyson.  Not a prediction, just a worry.
However, as good as Philly's BYOB scene is, I do sometimes find myself becoming a bit jaded with all these New American menus.  Noord will definitely provide some well-needed variety to the mix.
Cilantro!Went here for brunch today and had a great experience. The owner, Bob, greets everyone and stays present the entire time. He also displays his artwork throughout the restaurant. The food is phenomenal, ambiance is elegant, service is excellent. Can't wait to come back for dinner!Jonathan's Hand-made Bread with house whipped butter and the wonderful service is reason enough to visit Noord! A petite restaurant with view of East Passayunk square, eating at Noord in the spring time at the open window was a lovely experience.
After the Bread, we started with Bitterballen (Dutch fried pork krokets served with nutmeg, mustard, salad) and Holland Sliders "Broodjes Haring" (mini herring sandwiches, cucumber, pickled onion, on potato rolls). Both were well-constructed and balanced.
For our mains, we had the Shellfish Stew (mussels, shrimp, clams) Sambal-style (jasmine rice, lemon grass, garlic, tomato, lime leaf) and the Konijn in het Zuur (vinegar-steeped rabbit leg, smoked sausage, lardons, baby turnips, zuurkool). The rabbit was tender and the stew was well-seasoned and served with sliced toast. Rather wished I had another hunk of Bread to sop up the stew juices, too, but didn't wish to seem fixated upon the Bread!
PS. Don't forget Noord is BYOB--there's a bottle shop half a block away!Ok, so I've written a number of reviews of Noord, all great.  In my restaurant-obsessed opinion, this is one of Philadelphia best restaurants.  But last week topped it all.  We brought 30 of our best friends here for dinner.  Monday night, when the restaurant is usually closed, Joncarl and Bob opened for us and what an opening it was.  Service was impeccable.  The food, from and array of appetizers to four carefully chosen entrees, was superb.  The rabbit and the goat were my favorites but the squash and the salmon were equally appreciated by the crowd.  Folks liked the place so much they didn't want to leave.  The last of us reluctantly left at 11:45 pm.  The truly wonderful thing about Noord is that whether it's just the two of you out for a shared entree night or thirty of us having the full on special menu, Joncarl and Bon make you feel like you are their best friends.  This is a rare and special sensibility and one to be treasured.I enjoyed my Cook class with the Noord chef and decided to go visit his restaurant. All I can say is that he manages to dish out delicious food. How?, I still don't fully know, but it's a combination of good produce + creative juices (I mean chef brain produces them). So, love the mustard soup and the special fish curry dish (very well cooked fish). I wonder how he manages to cook fish to its perfection, very impressed by chef's cooking skill's. I am glad we have access to such great food.Came here for restaurant week, which was a spectacular deal. $35 per person and BYOB. Our waiter was also pretty awesome and even accommodated an unexpected extra guest. As for the food though, I think I've come to terms w/ the fact that I might just not have a taste for Scandinavian cuisine. A lot of the dishes were either too light on depth or flavor, or too sour to my tastebuds. It was disappointing given the hype, but the rest of the table loved their meals, so YMMV.I can't say enough good things about my dinner at Noord. The restaurant is small and was full, but the atmosphere was very welcoming and fun. It seemed like everyone was enjoying their meals and having a great time. 
We sat down to delicious, hearty fresh bread and our wine was opened. Started with an heirloom tomato salad and bitterballen. Both excellent. I had the seafood curry, which was delicious and light. My husband raved about his salmon. The meal was filling, but we had to have the bread pudding for dessert. It was different-- heavier, but less sweet than most versions I've had, but we enjoyed it. 
I can't think of a single bad, or even mediocre, thing about Noord. The service was attentive even given the full house. Noise level is high, but not so much that you can't hear. Every dish that passed by looked wonderful. Great dining experience!5 stars is not enough.  Run don't walk to what I may say is one of Americas best restaurants.  Sparsely, decorated with simple chairs and white table cloths the dimly lit restaurant seats 50 at best.
The restaurant is BYO.  Go to Fond across the street for beer or wine.
When you enter, a light appears from heaven welcoming your pallet to nirvana.  The friendly, attentive and generally magnanimous staff strive with every breath to make this restaurant feel just like home.  In fact, after one visit I feel like I know the entire staff.
The menu is a rustic European spread heavily influenced by the Dutch Chef's background.  I asked the chef, after telling him that I am Dutch, to pick the menu for me.
My starter was a Dutch classic called Bitterballen which is fried pork meatballs served with nutmeg, mustard and salad.  It was delightfuly crisp on the outside and ohh so delicate in the middle.  The paired salad was just amazing completing the dish and inspiring visions of what was to come. 
Konijn in het Zuur was my dinner.  A peasents stew that in this reviewers mind, may be one of th best dishes I have ever experienced.  My mouth waters thinking about it as I speak.    A delicate blend of rabbit leg confit, smoked sausage, lardons, baby turnips, and zuurkool the stew was breath-taking.  The dish, like the flavor, was endless.  I ate till I was about to bust. 
Now one of my favorite restaurants in the country, I will always visit when I am in town..Presentation beautiful, fish fabulous, desert lip smacking good, service attentive, open kitchen love it.  Very clean restaurant... Byo always a plus.  I really like that his menu is unique from the plethora of restuarants on the ave.  Thanks for having us.I'm really happy that Philly is diversifying its food scene, and Noord is a fantastic addition!  Portions are quite large, so my husband and I happily shared everything: smorrebrod, shellfish choucroute, the roasted acorn squash entree, and the almond cake.  There was so much food that we ended up taking half of the acorn squash home.
Flavors were intense, smoky, and salty without being too heavy.  I highly recommend the smorrebrod (it was my first experience with smoked scallop and egg), which changes frequently.  As others have noted, the bread is delicious and hearty.Hands down my favorite restaurant in Philly.  The chef is usually there working (and serving) and greeting customers.  I've been there at least 8 times and this is one of the very very few places where I get excited over the food as well as the staff and chef.I haven't been there for dinner yet, but after my first brunch visit I'm eager to go. The bread, which they obviously put a lot of stock in, is excellent - soft and airy on the inside, but grilled to give it a nice outer crunch. The open-faced braised pork & gouda sandwich with eggs was hearty and satisfying, and they had some thoughtful specials that really expanded the normal menu (the buttercup squash one was well done). The pickled salad did get me on a couple of bites, though  - I enjoyed it for the most part but the vinegar was occasionally overwhelming. That aside, I wasn't complaining about the bottomless french press, and the space and presentation likewise get thumbs up.Just had a great meal. The food and staff were excellent. Noord is a perfect addition to East Passyunk. I'm looking forward to outdoor seating and their brunch menu.Rabbet stew excellent. Noise level VERY loud. Manager took offense at our suggestion to turn off "music" that no one could hear but which made conversation difficult. "It's my restaurant and it creates the excitement I want" says he.I would actually give it a 4.5, but that's not an option. We had a fantastic meal there last night. You definitely should be an adventurous eater if you go because the menu doesn't have many run of the mill dishes, but everything was incredible. 
We started off with the grilled, head on prawns. The presentation was beautiful and they were delicious! The dill, chive cream sauce they came with was incredible. We were both sopping it up with the bread at the end.
For entrees my husband got the whole fish special- bass with a curry sauce and veggies. It was great. I went with the rabbit, recommended by the waitress, as it is one of the chefs grandmothers recipes. It was phenomenal. I would highly recommend! It came with sausage and sauerkraut. 
Another fantastic addition to the Philly BYO scene!I was looking to try something different and I am so glad I chose Noord on my recent visit to Philadelphia. I ordered 2 appetizers: the mustard soup with salmon mousse and the Diver scallop.  Both were outstanding, but the soup was simply incredible.  The gentleman next to me saw it and ordered it on the spot.  It was not spicy if that is a concern.  The ambiance is quiet and minimalistic, and the service very good.My husband and I went to Noord this past Saturday for the first time. We had a 9pm reservation but had to wait for our table...it was totally worth the wait. The restaurant is intimate and dark, making it perfect for a date night. Every dish that we had was beyond delicious and the service exceeded our expectations. Our waiter, Louis was really attentive and friendly, taking time to make small talk and connect with us, which just added to the already great dining experience. For appetizers we had the gravalox and escargot. The gravalox was perfection and the escargot which was not prepared in the typical French style and we really enjoyed it. It was in a light creamy broth and the snails were tender and meaty. I had the salmon which Louis assured me was so different from the gravalox that it wouldn't seem repetitive, and he was right. It was prepared in a broth was potatoes, leeks, and other delicious ingredients. My husband had the rabbit, his philosophy is to always try something different that we wouldn't cook ourselves. It was super flavorful with the right amount of saltiness. We didn't have room for dessert but every plate that we saw delivered to tables nearby looked totally worth the indulgence.All I can say is WOW! Beautiful room, friendly staff, and fabulous food. Scandinavian and Dutch food is hard to find, and Noord showcases it beautifully. The assorted smorbrod appetizer easily served 3, and all were delicious. Cauliflower vichyssoise was ethereal. Hope to get back there when next in Philly.Good food, but service was amateurish and noise level high. When we asked that the music be turned off--noise upon noise--the owner said that couldn't happen because it was part of the place's "energy." What energy? Only half the tables were occupied, mostly with older white people like us.Delicious. A modest location that dishes out delicious food with a Dutch flair. We stared with the traditional Bitterballen appetizer, for entrees we had chicken thighs and duck. Both moist and plated with veggies and potatoes. For dessert coffee and pound cake. A wonderful meal, excellent service, the kitchen is open to the restaurant and adds to the atmosphere.BYOB. Looking forward to going again, highly recommended.Wow.  Just wow.  Noord is a small BYOB in the busy E. Passyunk area.  The service was great with the staff checking in, but not so much that they're interrupting your dining experience.  The food was amazing.  I put off visiting for a while because I wasn't particularly familiar with Scandinavian food and found that my trepidation had been very misplaced. My boyfriend and I both got the Huzarensalade, which was a brisket dish that tasted like a warm bowl of love.  And yet, the meat and potato dish wasn't heavy, even for a late June evening.  We somehow saved enough room for dessert and coffee and left feeling like we'd had a home-cooked meal and a fancy night out at the same time.After living in philly for almost two years now I can say that Noord is my absolute favorite restaurant in the entire city, and one of the best I have ever been to. Part of my job is dining at restaurants on a daily basis, and I am continuously blown away by what they have put together. First, the service. Jo and Louis are an incredible serving duo. Meticulously put together and consummate professionals, they work the room like rockstars and rightfully so. Even though I only go for special occasions, they still remember my wife and I. I can't stress how personal of an experience they can make it if you just let them do their thing, take any recommendation they make and order exactly that. The food is just absurdly good. Every time we go in we order completely different items to see how they are, and every single time we leave amazed. Last night the Dutch sirloin meatballs stole my heart, literally anything you order here will be perfect. Ambiance is fantastic for a date or get together and I absolutely love the open kitchen. I need to high five the chef the next time I stop in because this food makes my heart sing. Anyways, go here and don't forget to bring some wine or beer. We will be customers for life.Have been to Noord several times through the last few years for both Brunch and Dinner.. Went this past Saturday to celebrate our 5 year anniversary!!! Needless to say everything was amazing! From the bitter ballen to the pork chop... delicious!!! Jon Carl and crew are really the best of the best - they treat everyone like you are at their house and sitting in their living room!! It's a MUST try if you are in the South Philly area!!!Not sure what type of cuisine this is, exactly. Maybe Scandinavian? Dutch? A little American flare? But it was interesting and delicious. The presentation of every dish was beautiful, though I'm not sure why they give you such a small amount of their (yummy) flavored butter with the pillowy caraway bread. The mustard soup was a striking yellow color, full of mustard seeds, but did not taste much like the condiment at all. A rich broth balanced artfully with a punch of salmon and cream in the middle. The rabbit leg steeped in vinegar was perfectly cooked, its pungent gaminess well-paired with smoked meat and brined vegetables. Another in our party got the meatballs, and I'd say every dish contained flavor combinations I was unfamiliar with but were all warm, pleasant, and hearty. Felt like food cooked in someone else's home but with restaurant-style attention to plating. The service was attentive without being invasive. Got the almond cake with custard for dessert, and while I don't normally like brandy flavor it was quite nice. Definitely check out this South Philly spot if you can, it's a great component of the city.My husband and I ate at Noord last night and had a great meal. We had the bitterballen and the gravlax as appetizers. The meatballs and the mustard that came with them were delicious. I enjoyed the beets on the gravlax but was not a huge fan of the fish that came with it. My husband thought it was great though. 
For entrees, I had the snert. I was worried when it first came out because the green color of the sauce is interesting but it tasted fantastic. The fish was fried perfectly and the sausage in the sauce was great. My husband had the shellfish choucroute and it the broth might be one of the best I've ever had. Our waiter brought us more bread specifically to dip in it and I wish I had some more right now.
The bread pudding that we took home for dessert was out of this world.
The food was great, but the experience was honestly the best part. It's a small restaurant but it feels airy and open. Everyone on staff is smiling, joking and helpful. Our waiter was seriously one of the best I've ever had. You should check it out.Had their brunch and it was great. I had the crab omelette. It came with potatoes,  grilled bread.We went to Noord last night to celebrate my birthday. We made a great choice! This is a lovely little BYOB restaurant with a charming atmosphere, outstanding service, and wonderful food.  The owners, chef,  and servers made us feel special, and we had a great experience.  The menu has some interesting items, and we tried a lot of them.  Every one of us loved our meal, and thoroughly enjoyed the restaurant. We left feeling great and can't wait to go back.From the moment the rustic rye bread hit the table, still warm from the grill, we knew we were about to experience an extraordinary dinner.  Leaving our comfort zones, we discovered the joys of a rare menu found in Philadelphia, which included goat cheese custard, sauteed squash with citrus butter jasmine rice, tender mussels bathed in an herb broth, and a vinegar-braised rabbit leg.  The dishes were fresh and hearty, delivered to the table by a friendly and attentive staff.  All around, this is a gem of a restaurant and deserves all the acclaim it receives.I know this restaurant is loved by many but I've yet to be impressed. Their brunch is great, but c'mon does brunch ever really fail at places like this?
I went for restaurant and tried their bitterballen, mussels and bread pudding. The mussels could have used more flavor, maybe more salt. 
The bitterballen, which are Dutch meatballs, had a surprising consistency...crispy like a falafel on the oi side and mushy like a veggie burger inside.
The bread pudding was good--I liked the crispy parts of it and was surprised by its mushy parts.
Overall good but not impressive.
A+ for service, as always.My wife and I came here for our anniversary and I loved it.  The food and ingredients are very simple but they're executed perfectly.  Service was great, food came out fast and the price is very reasonable, especially given the location.  Highly recommended.You might say i'm a professional foodie. That is, a good portion of my everyday job includes entertaining at various eateries in this hemisphere. As a result i've been to some top notch eateries - where they understand the importance of a holositic approach to the experience.
Noord nailed it - In every way.Really. No kidding. As in World class.
From the get go the made a good impression. We arrived for a 9pm reservation, but a few tables were slow in finishing up. The chef met us at the door, got us situated with our wine (BYOB) and got us lined up for the windowside table we requested.
The service throughout was spot on - attentive but not obtrusive.
The menu offered a nice selection - not too much or too little. Nice "ethnic" compontent, but not crazy out-there.
Of course the main reason your here is the food. Wow. The bitterballen and the nordic clams dish were both outstanding. The highlght was the whole seabass. They undersold the size - it was big. It was also expertly prepared, delcious, and beuatifully presented. 
Nice surprise on the desert side. We couldn't make up our mind so the waiter offered a little taste of everything. Can you say "winning"?
All of this and a sub $130 bill with tip. 
Folks - we have a gem in the city. I can only hope they keep the intitimate, friendly vibe and a level of food quality rarely seen in this neck of the woods.
Make room for Noord in your schedule - you won't be dissapointed.The only Dutch restaurant in Philadelphia, as far as I've seen (and that's wooden shoes Dutch, not Pennsylvania apple-dumpling-making Dutch). This place gets some serious cred for extremely good service, being a BYOB, and serving some truly unique cuisine.
Unfortunately, this style of food is not my favorite. Lots of pickling combined with heavy cream sauces made for an odd pairing to my palate. Not everything had that pickled-creamy combination though. The bitterballen (fried pork meatballs) were fun and tasty. And the Dutch certainly know their way around seafood. The fish (served whole!) and the prawns (with head on!) were probably my favorite samplings of the night.
Something about the style of cooking to ambiance to price ratio seemed a bit off to me. I didn't necessarily have a bad experience, but with all the other restaurant offerings in this city, I don't see myself coming back.Two visits and two superb meals.  The food is as good as it gets here.  The scallops and mustard "soup" are beyond delicious.  What I was blown away with both times are the portion sizes .  This is one of those restaurants where you expect to be served  small bites but the size of each entree is quite the contrary!  The last time we went, we tried each of the specials, one of which was lamb shoulder.  The shear amount of lamb on each plate was enough to take home, which is something we seldom do.  Noord takes a region of food unbeknownst to most and turns it into comfort food with a kick.  This has been the best dining experience of our summer thus far.This place is awesome. I had so much fun and delicious food during my first visit on Saturday.The owner makes you feel like you are having dinner in his living room, I never felt so welcomed in a restaurant. The food was incredible, I never had this type of food and wasn't sure what to expect. I had seafood dishes, if you like seafood you'll love it there. Looking forward to my next visit!Believe the hype Yelpers- this place is amazing! A group of four of us ate here last night for East Passyunk Restaurant Week, and I couldn't have picked a better spot. The food was incredible and the timing on when everything came out was perfect. I had the smoked salmon for the first course, which was full of flavor, second course was Icelandic Haddock with a beet horseradish sauce that was to die for! They brought one bowl of bread pudding for the table to share for dessert. The food, service, and atmosphere are wonderful, definitely a must try.Phenomenal seafood! Wow, didn't expect it to be this good. The best dish was their large plate appetizer, smorrebord. Must get.Have you ever gone into a restaurant and immediately got a good vibe? That's what happened here at Noord, and it was hands down the best meal I have had in a long time.
I came here on a Sunday night with a party of 7 for my mom's birthday. Not only was everything on the menu inventive and delicious (each one of us thoroughly enjoyed the appetizers and our respective entrees), but the service is what made this place so spectacular. The owners and servers all came out and talked with us and made sure everything was taken care of. They even gave us a dessert sampler on the house without any of us asking about it!
I don't have enough good things to say about this place. We had too much fun and some kickass food. You really can't go wrong!Update to my review below of the Noord popup...this is the menu for opening night, 8 May 2013:
https://twitter.com/PhillyFoodDude/status/330055691031154690/photo/1
Looks like 3 of the entrees we tried at the popup made it on.  Definitely try the Lohikeitto (Finnish salmon chowder) and Konijn in het Zuur (Rabbit)!
Make your reservations now!Sorry fellow yelpers this one is a pass.  Thought i would like this place since they had quite a few seafood dishes.  I called ahead and the guy stated that there were only bar stools available for dining.  I had no problem with that.  But when we arrived the guy who greeted us gave us the option of dining at a table.  I mentioned i called earlier and he showed us to the bar top.  Don't say there isn't any open seats when in actually there is.  Anyway now to the food.  The herring sandwiches were overpowered by the pickled vegetable.  The potato bread was a bit too thick for the fish.  I think it was potato bread.  It was a very filling appetizer.  The trout came out as a whole.  It was a bit salty, but no complaints about that.  It was quite small for a 25$ price tag.  The bf liked his liver and chicken appetizer.  He had the special bass.  He mentioned that there was just too much liquid.  He liked the trout better and so did i.  The chef was making me nervous.  He kept walking around back and forth to socialize with the patrons and check on the kitchen.  There were a group of individuals who were extremely loud and obnoxious.  The chef were friends with them and he did mention to quiet down a bit as other patrons were complaining.  But he didn't seem to really care at all.My husband is Dutch as are a lot of our friends so it was the right spot to host his birthday dinner this January. The bitterballen are always a treat and we ordered a bunch of appetizers and some kroketten (sshhhh.... secret menu but sometimes they have them). Most of our gang ordered the Slavink which is a type of Dutch meatloaf and they all raved. Another friend ordered the fish but was disappointed when she found it came with a sauce that she was not aware of and could not eat. No problem! The waitress took it away and we were not billed. The service was impeccable and they really hustled to accommodate our large party when some of the diners were slow to leave and we were waiting for a table. To say the food is good at Noord is an understatement but the service is truly 5 star as well!Pretty darn good stuff, and an original food concept  for Philly (northern Euro/Scandinavian) too. Not much else to say. 
Owner and manager were super friendly too (or chef and owner? Not sure).We came here for dinner. It's a nice and intimate venue. Good service. 
Complimentary bread with butter and garlic was good. 
Appetizers: chicken liver- I actually really like it, normally not a fan of organ meats. meatballs- 3 decently sized- they were ok. 
Entrees- we had north Atlantic pollack- good light entree. And also got the Lekkerbekjes" on Snert which was a beer battered fried fish which was good too but on the heavier side. Good portions for everything we ordered.I must admit I usually don't write reviews but I have to say something about Noord.  We ate here on Saturday night and it exceeded my expectations based on reading other reviews.  Three of us went to dinner and although we carefully guarded our own plates since they were so good I did get a chance to try some of my dining partners choices.  I started with the Cauliflower Vichyssoise which was spicy and delicious followed by the Shellfish Waterzooi filled with clams mussels and prawns.  I loved the shellfish and must admit ate my fill of bread to soak up the fantastic creamy broth.  Oh yeah I forgot to mention the bread!!  I could have eaten a loaf of this myself!!  I tried the soft shell crabs that one of my partners had and they were so good I wanted to come back the next day and order some.  I also tried the mushroom and walnut pate from our other dining partner and I could have eaten it all nite!!  I am not exaggerating here folks, I loved loved loved this place.  In addition to great food service was outstanding and the room is wonderful.  All of the windows were opened that nite with a nice breeze and a view of the fountain.  We even got to share in after-dinner drinks offered by the table dining next to us!!  All in all we had a great dinner and fantastic experience. If I lived in Philadelphia ( I was visiting friends)  I would be here all the time!!This restaurant was a suggestion by my daughter.  She did her research and we decided to try it.  And what a great surprise!  The food is a dutch/german type.  No burgers here, just great food.  First,  the restaurant itself is small,  about 15 tables,  so reservations highly recommended. But superclean and white table cloth dining.  The service was amazing.  Our server,  Louis, was knowledgeable and fun to talk to.  His suggestion for appetizers was spot on,  and he kept it light and fun.  The food was great! My wife had the Kip Kerrie I had the sirloin meatballs.  The kip Kerrie was a bit spicy but not very much  so to take over the flavor.  The meatballs,  were huge. About the size of a fist,  and came on a helping of carrot /potato mash.  Such good flavor.  If you find yourself in  Philly,  please try this place,  you won't regret it.Snagged a last minute early table for Saturday. I honestly don't know why they had any availability during Restaurant Week- their food was outstanding! 
The house-made grilled rye was so tasty and I'm not a bread person. The bitterballen were crunchy on the outside and creamy (how did they do that?) on the inside. Braised pork should and rabbit confit were perfect for a chilly winter evening. Very disappointed we weren't able to finish off the bread pudding dessert [delivered by the chef himself?] to be shared by the table. Our server was awesome and definitely enhanced the dining experience. Looking forward to my next visit.
EPX restaurant scene just keeps getting better and better!!A gem of a restaurant in East Passyunk (where there is no dearth of wonderful restaurants). Unfamiliar with Danish cuisine, I eagerly treated my boyfriend to Saturday dinner for his birthday. The space is smaller than I anticipated but was inviting and cozy. There's a nice mix of indoor and outdoor seating but even when you are inside you still feel apart of the street since Noord has those beautiful big windows they open up.
The restaurant is BYOB which is always a wonderful bonus. We celebrated with a delicious champagne that paired well with all of our food. The menu is full of options and there are three daily specials. We started with the bitterballen, mustard soup, and gravlax. Our server answered all of our questions about the menu even giving up a small piece of herring to try (not a fan and glad I didn't order) and raving about the mustard soup which we overlooked. The service we received the entire night was thoughtful, which is very appreciated. I ordered the daily special of diver scallops and my boyfriend got the brisket. All of our food was impeccably cooked and perfectly seasoned. Everything was flavorful, unique, and not too heavy (maybe the 3rd bitterballen was but at the point, who cares). I'm thoroughly impressed that such a small kitchen can create consistently great dishes. The portions were generous so you won't leave Noord hungry. We split the nectarine pound cake and it was the perfect ending to our dinner.
Noord is a wonderful place for every occasion. I can't wait to try brunch there!4.5 stars 
Excellent. First discovered their food when attending an Audrey Claire Cook class. They baked delicious bread for us that day and the staff was exceptional. 
Definitely stop by.I love you, Noord! I've now been for dinner and brunch and can positively say that you are my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia. I enjoy eating out and do so pretty frequently, but it's gotten kind of boring with certain food trends and flavors in play. Noord on the other hand blew expectations out of the water. Amazing, unique flavor combinations and everything was perfectly prepared. Also A+++ for bread service! I normally would not notice the bread, but I had to order two rounds because the bread is incredible.
Dish recommendations - for dinner always the escargot. For brunch don't miss the crab omelet or fried French toast. 
BYOB!Different and delicious! 
Their bread is unbelievably awesome and I would have been satisfied just chowing on that. I recommend the Bitterballen (pork fried meatballs) and the open faced pork belly sandwich. 
I decided to go with the Chicken and Mushroom croquette special for my entree. They were melt in your mouth and I hope they offer them on a regular basis. I would to go back to try the Salmon dish, which was highly recommended by the waitress.
This restaurant offers more seafood, so it maybe difficult for someone who does not like seafood to dine here.There was nothing that made this place feel particularly Dutch or Nordic, unless all that takes is to offer sauerkraut and rye bread.  The menu of this mediocre American bistro reads much better than the actual dishes served. 
On the plus side, the table was ready right at 8:30 on a Friday, the time of our reservation.  It can get quite loud with a full house.  
The meal began with a complimentary serving of the house rye bread and butter.  The rye was light, but the two pieces were huge and would easily fill you up if you ate all of them.  Too often the butter that comes with bread as a starter is unsalted; the butter here was over-salted. 
Began with the special ramp salad.  There were no more than 5 ramps.  They charred and  tasty.  However, they came mixed in a salad with far too much dressing, plus a crème fraiche that I think had peanuts and lemon in it.  All in all, it was too heavy and not "ramp-y" enough.  Also got the herring sliders.  These had potential, but the potato rolls were too doughy.  Perhaps served on a firm dark bread with some dill might have improved them. 
One entrée was the "risotto" with chicken.  The two pieces of chicken were huge.  They were cooked OK and not dried out, but they were boring.  They sat atop rice, not creamy risotto that was expected.  It was supposed to have wild mushrooms but they were not at all apparent, as they were not tasted.  The other entrée was rabbit.  It came over sauerkraut.  The sauerkraut was fine, but I swear the rabbit was pickled too - an odd taste.  It was supposed to have come with sausages and baby turnips.  The waiter claimed the sausage was reduced down with the sauerkraut, and instead of turnips it was served carrots.  These were all unwelcome surprises and changes. 
The other plus is that it is BYOB and they take credit cards.  The meal was about $90.What an awesome hidden gem on Passyunk!  I wasn't overly excited for Scandinavian food either. I don't know any fat swedes and never thought their food was particularly good but Noord was fantastic. 
This moderately-priced BYO had great food, quality ambience, and incredible service. Everyone that worked there was so nice, asking us to come back, and being genuinely tickled that we enjoyed the cuisine. 
We got the smoked fish appetizer, which was really good, particularly the scallop. Both entrees were delicious and the dessert was really good as well. 
We sat at the "bar" instead of a traditional table--mostly due to circumstance, but watching the three chefs handle the cooking load was fun, educational, and interesting.Wonderful time at Noord!  Fantastic experience from start to finish, we literally had no complaints.  The service was attentive and helpful, we wanted for nothing.  
- Started with the Smorrebrod, which was unbelievable.  It was my first experience with a smoked scallop and I couldn't believe the sweet/smoky combination! Unreal.
- For my main course I got the special Seabass that was covered in mussels and a light tomato based broth.  Huge portion, but not too heavy.  
I wish I had more insight on what the other diners in our table of 4 ate, but I was in such a state of elation I couldn't compute.  BYOB is always a plus and I can't wait to return!