Still one of my favorite spots hands down... Atmosphere is great, food is even better... recommend this to everyone that steps foot into Northern Liberties.Time to change up your specials board. Predictable for the last few years now.Oh how i miss you, faithful friend, you might still be my most comfortable and happy spot in Philly. Wings and pork tenderloin and pulled pork and mussels in coconut curry...oh gastro pal, see you as soon as possible...hope everyone checks you out and gets the fish and chips.We came here for brunch because sometimes, the line out the door for "that other place nearby" is just too overwhelming on an empty stomach on a Saturday almost-noon.
They didn't disappoint-- my boyfriend enjoyed his mimosa (though it was very tiny for the price) and his chili and cornbread thing (I forget what it was called), and I settled for the Belgian waffle with chocolate chips and whipped cream. You know, gotta start my day off right with a wholesome, balanced and nutritious meal. (Sometimes chocolate wins).
I would go here again. The seating is nice and cozy, and the staff was friendly. But, it isn't the best brunch I've ever had, and I do have two places I prefer. For a THIRD option though, it's fitting that North THIRD (I kill myself with my own bad jokes!) is right around the corner.great neighborhood pub, where everything exceeds you expectations.  Truthfully nothing pops on the menu, so you usually fall back on a dish that promises mediocrity then ends up delivering the goods. The biscuits and sausage gravy are no joke.  Great beer menu too.Tried a handful of times and it looks nice from the kerb, but frankly doesn't cut it when compared to any number of similar places within a few blocks. The menu was fine but a bit dull, the food quality was fine but not brilliant, mediocre even, the beer selection was fine but pales in comparison to the neighbors. Plus the service was consistently poor, every time.
If you go, it'll be a fine time, it's a nice enough place and most anywhere else in the city would be a solid bar. I've never been for brunch, though, so maybe that's what I'm missing.
Actually, what am I saying...go here, this place is the best, and stay away from the bars I'd rather go to.Best damn biscuits and gravy I have had in a minute -- it came with eggs, potatos, and sausage. 
It came out stupid quick, too.
If I wasn't fighting a cold, I would have tried one of many delicious looking mimosas.still great wings, and Steve, Colin, Nacene and Lisa are all great staff members!North Third is a good old Northern Liiberties standby!  Food is always good, and they take good care of my pooch.  nothing here is ever BLOWING me away, so I am giving it a 3 since there is nothing wrong at all and I strongly recommend this place.  Its just that they don't have a few things that they do better than any place else.
My favorite is the chicken sandwich with guacamole.
Service is always very good, and the food is always good as well - if you are a local this place is a staple, if you are not don't jump in a cab to come all the way over.So, my girlfriends took me out for a pre-bday bar hop and I didn't want to leave this spot. I had so much fun at this bar. The music, ambiance, and drinks were great. We selected the Vegetable Spring Rolls with Sweet Chile Sauce as our appetizer, and I ordered a Blood Orange Margarita. My friends are beer drinkers, which they enjoyed the drinks On Tap. The art decor is amazing, and any man would enjoy the beautiful, nude women plastered on their walls. The bar maid was very accommodating and patient with my friends that wanted to sample the ales. I can't wait to go back to have a meal, and a couple more Blood Orange Margaritas;-)The restaurant itself is cozy, I like the atmosphere, and the service was good...however the food is not great. I came for brunch with friends only 1 dish, the biscuits and gravy, was really good. The rest of us were disappointed. The plates were smaller than expected. The squash soup was not good but they didn't charge me for it which was nice of them.Love this place! Awesome food, drinks, and place to hangout. Also like that I can bring my dog and sit outside on nice days. Casual and fun vibe with great music. The chicken sandwich and the mac n'cheese are my favorites. Service is usually very good. Cool artwork and great specials.My boyfriend and I were enjoying a nice stroll through the Northern Liberties last week when we stumbled upon North Third. I recalled reading several good reviews for it, so we decided to stop in for some light fare and a beer or two. When we entered the place, the first thing I noticed was the amount of light flooding the room. Also, I'm a sucker for exposed brick, so I was quite charmed by its appearance. There were a number of strange things adorning the walls that kept my attention while I was waiting for our food to arrive (that isn't to say that the food took a long time to come out, because it did not).
We were greeted immediately when we walked in the door and seated by a pleasant hostess right by the wide-open window. It was a beautiful day, so it was nice to get a little of the outside inside. Our waiter came by less than a minute later to take our drink order. Since I'm not really a warm-weather-beer fan (wheat beer is definitely not my bag), their tap list wasn't all that intriguing to me. I won't fault them for that, though. They do offer Dogfish Head 60-Minute IPA and Sly Fox O'Reily's Stout as standards, which perked me up a bit, though in the end I decided on a Bell's Two-Hearted Ale, since you can never go wrong with that. 
After dropping off our beers, our waiter took our order. I chose the Tuna Burger and my boyfriend ordered the Pulled Pork Sandwich. We were both pretty impressed with the quality of the food. My tuna burger was moist, perfectly spiced, and delicious (not to mention that it must have been at least half a pound), and I loved the wasabi mayo! Like Meg noted, the fries weren't great, but they were edible at the very least. (I was glad they weren't that good, because there were far too many on my plate and I would have eaten way more than necessary if they had been better.) My boyfriend enjoyed his pulled pork and also commented on the huge portion. Needless to say, we didn't have to worry about lunch the next day. 
Overall, a solid performance from North Third. I wasn't blown away, but I will definitely be back to give it another go.From the outside it looks like your total typical city bar however when you walk inside there are cool trinkets everywhere.  Including 2 flying eagles and pictures or naked people that remind you of karma sutra or titanic.  It has kinda mardi gras theme to it.  Super cool and fun to look at it.
The food is amazing.  I was really surprised with the eclectic menu and all the different offerings they had.  Also you are able to buy a pint glass for $5.  This is actually a deal when you have been drinking for 4 hours there.  lol  They have a great liquor selection.I read all the reviews on YELP before comign here with my girlfriend for dinner. All i can see is HOLY CRAP. The food was orgasmic ESPECIALLY the baked macaroni and the drinks were fun. I would def come backThis is a cool little spot! Went with some friends here on the fly. Nice beer selection. Really good food. I had a burger of some sort, I don't remember what but I do remember liking it a lot. It also had a really nice look and layout. Clean, good flow. Staff were nice as well.
This is a great place to get a lunch, late lunch or start/end a night. It's comfy and cool.
Not really much else to say other than go. You'll be happy you did.Went a couple weeks ago, sorry for the late add. Overall I don't give many 5 star reviews but everything was excellent.
Beer selection is top notch. They have local brews plus a few Cali beers. Had 2 diff IPA,both excellent.
Dinner was fantastic and our server was on point and super sweet. Ordered steak frite and was so delicious. Flank steak cooked to a perfect mid rare covered in gravy along with some delicious homemade fries. 15 minute in I saw a Mac n cheese go past our table and I just had to order. Tremendous move! Some of the best I have EVER had, strongly recommend. 
Overall a great joint, cool vibe ( band of horses album was on) and excellent prices for fresh delicious food.I don't live too far from N 3rd but tend to avoid it when I can in the evenings when I just want to sit at a bar and socialize.  Brunch on the other hand has always been fantastic!  The chili served over eggs and jalapeo corn bread is one of my all time favorite dishes!  There's a photo of it in their description above.  
I've taken my family here when they visit for brunch a couple times already and everyone has been happy [and stuffed] when we left.I recently dined here with a good friend visiting home and we wanted a quick bite to eat before heading out to our evening's soiree. At first i was a bit skeptical cause a lot of places in northern liberties are overpriced, overhyped and overcrowded. however when we came in we were quickly seated, the service was excellent and OMG the food. i ordered the ribs and fixins and was NOT dissapointed, especially the collard greens tasted almost like my late grandmother's did - that's a plus cause not many trendy restaurants can do soul food that tastes authentic IMHO.
the beer selection was good and the waiter was very knowledgeable about them and helped us make our choices. i enjoyed my plate and i sampled some of my friend's plate (pork tenderloin and shaved asparagus...awesome i need to know how to shave asparagus so i can experience that pleasure at home) and i enjoyed all of it so much! in fact i looked at the plates of the couple next to us and wanted that fried chicken salad as well...in fact i'd be willing to come back to try EVERYTHING on the menu cause the food was that good. unfortunately or fortunately we didnt have room for desserts..oh well...
the decor rocked, it was early dusk and the ambience and lighting just worked for the mood. if it werent for the fact that my friend was a married female and i'm straight - it'd be a perfect date! in fact i think i will try dating again JUST SO i can get the dude to take me here!
i am leaving off a star because the music got way loud on occasion...i like good music like the next person but i'd like to enjoy the convo of someone i dont see too often as well!I like this place..not in love with the service, but the food is comforting and affordable. The chicken Cobb is delicious.
Usually parking is good and the atmosphere is nice. Some patio seating available; well stocked bar.Busy chilly night 
Pulled pork sammie made me burn 
Cool visceral vibe 
Talk about nick of time. We got there just in time to be able to switch from a tiny two top, to a much cozier booth just before the bus pulled up and filled N. 3rd to the gills...well, no bus was seen, but it filled up quick. Be warned, I don't think this is a random occurrence. :) 
I love the look of this place. Low lit, exposed brick, adorned by an eclectic array of art that runs the gamut from nude paintings of varied talent to small mixed media pieces. 
There really wasn't anything on the menu I wasn't interested in trying and in the end I settled on the pulled pork spare rib sandwich with horseradish sauce. While incredibly delicious it did give me the worst heartburn ever (I realize this is hard to lay at the feet of the sandwich, but all I can say is I rarely get heartburn...) 
Service was polite and attentive. Nothing stood out extra special or glaringly wrong, which is in my opinion the text book definition of how service should be. 
Big kicker was my new favorite beer, Bells Two Hearted Ale, was a dollar cheaper than at Good Dog (sorry to throw you under the bus, I still luv ya GDB) 
Like the four stars say, "Yay, I'm a fan"I like North Third. I don't love it.
If North Third were home decor, would it be wallpaper. Tasteful wallpaper, but after a few days you wouldn't really notice it anymore, it would just be there.
The food is good and they have a good selection of beers, but there isn't anything that separates them from every other Norther Liberties bar/restaurant. I'll find Standard Tap, North Third and Johnny Brenda's pretty interchangeable. I usually bounce to which ever one I can get a seat at first.Of your looking for a pub or your looking for a really good meal with a casual atmosphere.  This is the place. 
I had probably the best short rib sandwich I have ever had. Beer selection was good and everyone was friendly.
They also had desserts that supported the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia.  What better reason to eat an ice cream sundae.I cant say enough great things about this place . I been coming here for years and the service and food is always too notch. The food is always consistent even after all these years. It's a really cool place with a great atmosphere.North Third has all the trappings of a future hot spot of mine; super awesome beer list, decent wine list for when the mood strikes, and a good balance of bar vs. real food.  The decor is also super cool...kind of a mix of pirates, skulls, & eagles.  I'm down.  
They also have an adorable outside area to eat.  The salad I ordered (chile glazed chicken salad) was right on.  I will be back my friends!To me, this place almost epitomizes Northern Liberties.  Trying to raise the standard of its "better than your average bar/restaurant" feel, N. 3rd. has maintained an ecclectic menu, and kept a stronghold on a certain indie nonchalance that keeps the tightly tapered jean wearing population coming back for more.
It fits in perfectly as one of the cornerstones of an area that is coming into its own, while keep that street cred going.  And what I mean by street cred is, whatchosef at night, because a couple of blocks away you may still get mugged.
My favorite meal here is brunch, where there's actually some natural light coming through enabling you to see across the rooms.  I've even been lucky enough to dine on a morning that bread pudding was on the dessert menu.  If you see it, order it.  It's otherworldly.North 3rd Score: 17
Burger Quality: 4
Bun: 3
Fries: 3
Extras:  3
Value: 4
2 Sentence Review: Decent burger, hip atmosphere.  Go there with confidence but prepare to wait
------------------------------------------- 
How does Burger Einstein's rating system work? 
- Burgers are rated across 5 categories (see below) 
- Category scores can range from 0 to 5, with 5 being "Outstanding".   
- Total score (out of 25) is determined.  Scores above 20 earn 5 Stars (rare), between 16 and 20 gets 4 stars and so on 
Burger Einstein Categories 
1. Burger Quality: Good meat or Bubba Burger? 
2. Bun: Does it compliment the burger or overwhelm it?   
3. Fries: Do I accept the guilt or compare them to my Ex 
4. Extras: Wild card.  Could range from Cheese to bourbon to atmosphere 
5. Value: Burger cost relative to smiles (heavily influenced by how much bourbon I drink)I usually wait to try a place a couple of times before writing a review, since it can temper and balance a really great or really shitty experience. But there are other times when a place is just so solid that it's obvious you don't need to think about it. Thats the case with North 3rd. 
From the minute I walked in the door when a friendly waitress showed me to a seat at the back bar to the minute I left with the bartender shaking my hand, the service was super awesome. The place is cozy with relatively low ceilings and multiple rooms (I love places with several small rooms, dunno why, a sense of discovery, I guess) They kind of have a gothic thing going on with all kinds of gargoyles and devils all over the place and that adds to the cool ambience. his would bejust as good for a date as it would be to hang out and have some beers (as I did). 
And the food is quite good. I had the crispy chicken sandwich and several beers as I watched my nightmare scenario of the St. Louis Cardinals winning the World Series unfold. The grilled toasted bread had an ethereal quality that brought it above and beyond regular ol white bread, and the panko crusted chicken was the perfect thickness. The bacon and avocado and toppings were equally delicious. And finally FINALLY I found a place here that has perfect hand-cut belgian style fries. The spicy garlic mayo that comes with them is reason enough to go back right now. 
I was kind of waiting to check this place out because I knew it was good (sounds counter-intuitive, I know) but I'm glad I finally made it here. Needless to say, I'll be going back fairly often.Consistently very good casual upscale pub comfort food in a dark, funky, fun environment. I've eaten here and hung out here quite a bit working very nearby for years, and have never had a bad experience. Prices are very reasonable for lots of tasty, filling grub. Great chef has not tried to overdue it and delivers great flavor in anything on the menu. Daily specials don't change often, but are a great extension of the full-time menu. 
Has a small front bar and small back bar each with it's own dining room hooked into some quality background music. This is Philly so there's TVs in both rooms which usually show local sports and have people casually or attentively watching. The crowd is mixed with hipsters, artists, musicians, couples, small groups of locals and visitors, and usually more than enough eye candy working or hanging out. 
Service is always friendly, professional, and attentive in a casual, welcoming manner. The owner and his family have been in the neighborhood forever and they run other successful businesses as well including Silk City, which is worth checking out as well. 
Street parking with a block or two usually isn't too difficult. Some streets are two hour parking some streets aren't. They serve food until 1am any night, which is a beautiful thing, unless they're dead and close early. This place gets a decent crowd most any night of the week and has a good amount of sidewalk seating.
A great hangout spot for food and drinks any time of day.I was here with a group of eight people, and we were seated quickly, as the restaurant was almost empty at 10:30 on a Saturday morning.  Everything that was ordered was good, according to the others at my table.  I ordered the breakfast burrito, which was a reasonable size and tasted good, and among the favorites at my table, were:  a special item having to do with fried chicken, and the biscuits and gravy, which was VERY heavy, but super good if you're sharing, or if you have a big appetite.  The atmosphere is cool, and the decor is funky and fun.  Give it a try!I've been here a few times and the service is really hit or miss. Sometimes it's taken up to 45 minutes to get my food. If you do decide to go here though, their Thai chili wings are phenomenal!This is a great location for Sunday brunch. If you want to avoid long lines at other nearby restaurants/bars, this is a great alternative. Low key, not too crowded, and a diverse menu. They serve a terrific mulled wine.I've been back several times now and can say the food is consistently delicious. And now after trying various brunch cocktails -- amazing! -- who needs to go wait for an hour or more down the block at Honey's?North Third is that perfect neighborhood bar. It has a good drink, wine and beer list while also managing to have some great bar food and a cool atmosphere. 
Try the brussel sprouts, they're to die for!!!
Stop by if you're in the neighborhood!
I'll be back!Delicious food! What a cool atmosphere too. Lots of   Neat artwork and such a jivey place.
Staff is extremely proactive, fills glasses without you noticing, takes dirty dishes etc... 
Not going to lie I had a mean hangover and the Pimms cup this morning took the 50LB weight out of my head. Chicken and waffle was awesome, spicy rub on the chicken gave it great flavor. Will be back!North Third was exceptionally accommodating to last minute party of 12. Everyone was very friendly and helpful. The food is delicious too!N. 3rd is a hoot. There are multiple different dining areas you can choose to sit in, and each one has a slightly different and increasingly unsettling theme. 
The specials are totally rocking. The food was great and dinner portions were generous. Enjoyed the beers & cider on the menu. The service was spot on. My date was cute too. ;) 
If I could do it over, I wouldn't do anything differently. Not even sitting right underneath a 5'x5' painting of breasts on what was approximately a third date.I live only a few blocks away from North Third but had not ventured in until last night. Based upon Yelp reviews it sounded like a great place to take my visiting guests, but this proved to be a poor decision. Upon arriving, our group of four noticed a four top table outside that was empty, and only needed to have the dishes cleared. Upon asking the hostess if we could claim the table, we were told another party had already laid claim to it.
The restaurant was only filled to perhaps one half to one third capacity, and there did not appear to be any party waiting in the foyer or at the bar to be seated, so I am not exactly who this outside table was being reserved for. Having settled for indoor seating, we were marched through the restaurant to the secondary seating area. We noticed upon walking into this area that there were several tables by the front windows, allowing for a nice view, even if not on the outside. Instead, we were seated at a table in the very rear of the restaurant immediately next to the bathrooms, despite a half empty dining room. We again felt somewhat slighted. We were a group of well behaved professional adults, and felt that for some reason we were being tucked away out of view for some reason.
Despite our displeasure at the service so far, we decided to order drinks and numerous appetizers for sharing. These included the tuna ceviche, hummus platter, margherita pizza, eggplant fries, an order of "homemade" pierogis and vegetarian spring rolls. Once the food arrived, unfortunately, our experience at North Third did not improve.
While I will not say that the food was awful, it was certainly not good. The pierogis were plain and tasted no better than store bought frozen pierogis. The hummus too was simple and bland and compares with any store bought product. The margherita pizza was unseasoned and slightly burnt, and the spring rolls were mediocre at best. The only food item everyone seemed to enjoy were the eggplant fries.
These were hardly complex dishes to prepare but North Third managed to ruin all but one. With all of the local competing restaurants to choose from in Northern Liberties, it is hard to believe that this one has managed to stay in business if this is the best they can do. From start to finish this was a poor dining experience and I would surely never recommend this restaurant or return in the future. With so many other great dining options available in the area, I would suggest dining elsewhere.Unreal brunch specials. I happened upon the Ballpark Special and teamed it with a nice hoppy beer (from their amazing draft selections). I'll definitely go back to this place when I return to Philly. If they don't have the same special, I'm more than confident in their regular menu items that I drooled over when scoping out the plates of other diners. This looks like a great local find for just hanging out for a drink at night too.The food is AMAZING!!! I had a female server I am not sure her name but I know she told me she has an 11month old son! she was an AWESOMEEEE server me and my friend did not feel rushed and we were sitting for a long time. Great food and I love the dark environment as well!wings! wings! wings!.. they have the  mostest kickest ass wings in philadelphia in my opinion... famous and asian there is a rumor real asians r used in the asian style....i usually roll w/ the famous which r  serve w/ good chunky blue cheese not the watered down shit that resembles  tooth paste spit up...they have a good burger  and  i think the best beer selection in northern libs ( they favor belgiums)..their menu is all over the place:  shrimp dumpings, pierogies, steamed edamame, etc and a sunday brunch...and they rank from ok to good ...but i always grab the wings.. i really like the place's setup...gets a bit dark at night  though..but it's all bout the wings..did i mention i like the wingsAs a bar this place is great... But I can't say I'm crazy about the food ( at least the vegetarian options)....after running in the susan g. komen race for the cure* this past mother's day, my friends and i were in need of some serious sustenance. figuring every place in fairmount was going to be swamped, we headed across town to northern liberties. first attempt: honey's. 1 hour wait for a 6-top? not today, thanks. second attempt: north third. seated immediately? indeed!
coffees were ordered all around, with half of our table also indulging in the most veggie-riffic bloody marys i've ever seen. it's pretty much a salad with a garnish of drink...in a good way. the sweet potato and pear soup special sounded too good to pass up, especially on a cold morning, so sue G and i decided to share a bowl...with an extra spoon for michelle C to dig on in, too! it was sweet, creamy, delicious and a generous sized portion. totally hit the spot.
there were other tasty sounding brunch specials, but for my main course, i went with an ol' N. 3rd fave: the mushroom omelet. packed with portabellas, spinach and goat cheese (and served with a side of potatoes and fruit), this omelet never fails to disappoint. truth be told, the only disappointment was in myself, for not being able to finish it. another bummer: when the boy cut in to his roasted tomato omelet (from the specials list), the center was cold. however, once our server was informed of this, she apologized for the kitchen's oversight, whisked away his plate and returned with some properly heated huevos in no time flat.
*coincidentally, we were seated in front of the infamous boob painting in the back dining room. first we ran for boobies...then we brunched with them (o)(o) !North Third is the place to go to if you're looking to have a couple drinks and grab dinner in Northern Liberties.  It has an identity crisis.  The restaurant is decorated with Mexican and Americana art.  It doesn't really go together, but that's the beauty of this joint.  There is always something new to see on their walls.
The drinks and food menus are fantastic.  There have a nice selection of bottles and rotating drafts.  They have lots of different options for vegetarians and meat eaters.  I had the Asian Spiced Tuna Burger.  It had greens, wasabi mayo and ginger dressing on it, which really complimented the tuna.  The fries that came with the burger were spiced just how i like them.  My entire meal tasted super fresh.  I'm very happy this bar is in my neighborhood :)North 3rd fell out of our rotation for a while. But our meal tonight reminded us of why we loved it so much. Tomato soup with grilled cheese, tuna sandwhich...both so yummy.  And the wait staff is the BEST.I came here with a couple of my friends and love it.  The bar food was awesome, and the crowd was lively.  I had their famous wings, calamari, and mussel in spicy thai cocconut.  The wings are some of the best I have had in philly.  The calamari was not as crunchy as I would have liked so that was the only thing that did not make this a 5 star.  The mussel was so flavorful.  I wish I could replicate it.  I also love their decorations.  So random, a giant eagle and some lucha libre wrestlers figurines.  This is a Northern Liberties must.I did not have a good experience here for Sunday brunch at all. The service was poor. It was very crowded but their is no excuse mediocre service. The food was very average and the portions were small. First time I can remember leaving a restaurant hungry. The coffee was good, yet it was served cold. With the other local amazing options, I won't be returning.Yay! I'm a fan. North third hit the spot after failing to eat at Standard Tap. We wondered down a few blocks from 2nd to 3rd and were very pleased with what we got. Yummy pergogies loaded with carmelized onions. The wings were cooked perfectly with just the right amount of spice. I went big and went with their burger topped with chedder, carmelized onions and a fried egg. It was to die for. Cooked to my perfection and topped with the perfect bun. Service was on point and very attentive. I loved the vibe of this place too. A little bit of everyone patronizing this fun little corner spot in No. Libs. I will definitely be back.Usually love this place, but lately the service sucked! And god forbid you try to order for pickup they are so rude OR put you on hold for the rest of the night! I understand it's a mostly eat in restaurant but your food is good, people are going to want it to go if they've had a long day. But that is just not okay with the servers/bartenders answering the phone. Straight attitude. But if you do eat there, pierogies are your best bet.I used to come here every Tuesday night for Fancy Pants Cinema, which is like an open mic night for amateur filmmakers. Everything I have had from the food menu is fantastic, the burgers, salads, and pizzas are all amazing. The front room gets a little loud but I love the back room especially when the weather is nice and the front doors are wide open. Went back for the first time in a while last night and the service was incredibly fast considering how busy the place was. This is one of favorite spots for a casual date in the city.Shared two apps- pork carnets and calamari. Both flavorful and plentiful.  The tuna burger medium rare was absolutely delish, while hubby enjoyed the fried fish BLT.  I really like this menu and can't wait to come back to sample the Cobb salad, mussels etc.  Service quick and friendlyLove this place for date night.  Really intimate setting and outdoor seating too when it's nice out.  The only thing on the menu we can go off of is the fish sandwich. It's beyond amazeballs! Everytime we go it's a special on the menu but it never leaves the menu thank goodness. The drinks are strong so prepared to be plastered.They have the best wings and Mac and cheese I've ever had. Cocktails are great and service is quick. Easily my favorite restaurant in northern liberties.Had dinner at North Third on Saturday. Pretty extensive menu of sides & apps but was pretty disappointed with the vegetarian entree options. By default I had the flatbread pizza appetizer for my entree and it was quite delish. Split some splendid chocolate bread pudding for dessert. Drink menu was excellent and was impressed by the service. Great meal, but probably won't be back for dinner due to the lack of vegetarian entrees. There are much more accommodating restaurants of the same caliber in that neighborhood. 
I've heard their brunch is fantastic so hopefully I can give that a whirl sometime....Leaving the door open for an improved rating as 3 seems a little low perhaps.When a place This Good Exist with Continued Great Efforts of Perfection the only thing U Need to Say Is............5 Stars PlusI hate when ONE waitress ruins an entire restaurant for me. The server I had here just rubbed me the wrong way. She didn't seem genuine. She was also condescending. People might say that your servers attitude shouldn't matter but once you have had AMAZING service, you can't go back! A good waiter/waitress can even make the food taste better. 
Now food wise...this place does not have many vegetarian options. But the salad I had was delicious. And the mac and cheese was pretty yummy too. And my meat eating friends seemed to really enjoy their meals.The best spot to eat. I Always get the mussels; Mac & Thai wings; salmon and dying to try the pulled pork sandwichim sure this place is great if you go at the right time, but i went at 3pm just as brunch was ending and i got what tasted like microwaved food for a high price.Bar was decent. We came here with a group of about 10. We ordered food and drinks. They had American Ninja Warrior on the TV and me and my friends made a  few comments on the program. The bartender said " Are you guys gonna keep commenting? Because that's kind of annoying" I thought it was odd, considering  they put it on the tv. My friends said some m of the other bartenders were rude to them when they were  ordering food, tooBest bar food in Northern Liberties.  Live down the street from North Third and this is our go to spot when we want a good meal close to home.  Food is always consistently good.  Great beer selection and cool atmosphere.  Everything on the menu is good, but some favorites are the thai mussels and thai wings. Brunch has proven to be delicious as well!Really enjoyed this place. Very hip and casual atmosphere-- just what I wanted for a laid back dinner with my boyfriend:)  Service is prompt and the food is great. Music selection and decor is very eclectic, which is always fun and makes the place all the more "Northern Liberties," right? I say definitely check this place out!9:39 PM on a Sunday night and there is a toddler sitting at the bar in a bar stool. Hard passGreat atmosphere- has a New Orleans feel to it... Relaxed place to grab a drink or some food. Food is decent, I wasn't blown away but it's good when you're hungry and need some substance. They serve food until later than most places in the hood. Always an interesting crowd.Best Hummus! You can't go wrong with anything offered off their menu and the Margaritas are so good! I wish we had one in Passyunk Square!Yesterday, around noon, my husband and I decided to give in to our hunger pangs and headed out in search of brunch. We hopped on our scooter, and zipped down to NoLibs with no particular plan in mind. When we saw North Third, I told him to pull over; I didn't even know the name of the place yet, but it looked inviting and the sandwich board out front read "BRUNCH" in big neon letters. 
Well, that was a 5-star brunch if I ever had one. I had smoked salmon & spinach eggs benedict, and it was fabulous... So many of the things I love in one pile of deliciousness. Nice touches were that the potatoes come with onions (I hate when places charge extra for that, it's a matter of principle) and the platters come with fresh fruit.
My husband had, are you ready for this?, scrapple-stuffed french toast, topped with 2 fried eggs, with potatoes on the side. WHOA. Yes, this was a special on the board. Being from Bucks County in a part-PA Dutch family, I grew up on scrapple. I thought I knew all I needed to know about this delightful meat-ish delicacy, but NO. Scrapple is beyond fabulous sandwiched between thick slices of sweet french toast.
We both cleaned our plates, and I had to resist the urge to high-five the patrons at the next table in my excitement over how successful an experience North Third brunch proved to be. 
I will be back, and next time I will order one of their delicious-looking bloody marys!This place is the go-to. Large menu and always a lengthy specials menu to go along with it. Bar service is excellent thanks to Alex, who will happily make you a mean Bloody Mary at 9 PM on a Thursday. My favorite local spot so far!The food was very good .... but didn't match the hype of the people in the neighborhood that love this place .... I love the eggplant  fries.    Our waitress was personable  and great and the place is adorable .... good for a cute night out ....In principle, this place is great. The menu items all sound tasty and are creative and varied with the occasional fancy unrecognizable ingredient thrown in. You know, that random thing like lovage, idiazabal, or guanciale that makes you wonder, but you're too embarrassed to ask. They do that here, but not to an annoying degree. 
In practice, this place is... fine. The ambiance is fine, service is fine, everything is fine. The food tastes fine and is generously portioned, but I just don't think it has that je ne sais quoi (literal translation: I just don't think it has that I don't know what. Everything sounds better in French). I'm not sure what it is, but the food just doesn't really wow me. 3.5 stars.Good brunch spot. We tried the chicken and waffles, eggs bene, burrito, and bourbon st. Bene. All were very delicious! Decent prices for large portions - we are all stuffed!The place has everything: neighborhoody, eclectic decor, and tasty food. But to top it all, they passed the supreme test: fish is not fried in their fish tacos. Bravo!This is one of my favorite restaurants and has been since 2012 I believe. In 2013 I had anyone who asked me on a date take me to this place. I love their steamed clams they are my favorite, best clams I have ever had. So much flavor and the portion is a nice size to share. I also recommend their scallops and steak frites. I can't remember the drink I had but it was pretty refreshing it was some
Cucumber gin drink... really tasty. I love love love their bread pudding. It's delicious. 
I love the decor, it's really funky and the atmosphere is calm and cool. 
Two very enthusiastic thumbs up!we were told the wait for honey's a few blocks away was going to be an hour so we said suck it and moseyed here for very tasty breakfast burritos with black beans, not super great but still good potatoes (I would suggest maybe not including an entire bough of rosemary), surprisingly serviceable coffee, no wait for a brunch table midday on a sunday, and most importantly an absolutely SMOKINGLY tasty waiter. who is that guy? woof. I think the food was pretty good but can't really recall because I entered a fugue state when this dreamboat cleared my plate. damn you philly!!Solid bar/restaurant. Often gets overlooked to Honeys for brunch (for good reason - Honeys is awesome) but still offers some great options and plenty of booze. There is lots of seating inside and outside, so usually there's no wait.
Thai chili wings are a must try. Breakfast burrito is solid (get it with Chorizo). Huevos rancheros are good too --- also ask for Chorizo on top.Alright, I get that northern liberties is cool. Hell, I live right next to it. I even appreciate its uniqueness. I like the attempt to flip over a neighborhood, I like the vibes, and I enjoy lots of the diversity. With diversity, comes really awesome food. 
I have been to some awesome places around this area. This place, however was just alright. 
We came on one of the coldest nights in December with a few friends. The layout is fun, the decor is interesting, and even the staff was pretty attentive. 
I've only been here once, so I maybe another shot is in order. However, my food was sub-par. I ordered a burger upon recommendation from the server as "the best thing ever". I loved his enthusiasm, but it really wasn't for me! 
The beer list is stacked, and I really REALLY like the vibe, so 3 stars for that. Skip the food and go for some drinks and good tunes.This spot is one of my favorites in northern liberties.  A TON of beers, and pretty solid food.  I've also never had a bad experience service wise.  I would suggest it if you were with a group of friends and just want a casual night.I heard about North Third through yelp. Most of the reviews were positive so I was looking forward to checking it out. I went on a Saturday night. Surprising it was not crowded. The atmosphere was really nice.  It was really dark and cozy. The music was great also. The staff was friendly and not over barring. I hate when I'm out with my lady and employees are constantly interrupting our conversation. I know they mean well but it's still annoying.  The food was excellent. I had the crispy chicken sandwich with fries. My girlfriend had a bacon cheese burger topped with a fried egg and bacon. She had no complaints. The drinks were more than reasonably priced. A little more ice in the drink than needed but that's an easy fix. I will most certainly be back. Their brunch looks good so I'll probably try that next. There's nothing else that really can be said that other yelpers have not said already. Great place, highly recommend it if your in the northern liberties area and enjoy a mature crowd good food and drinks.Amazing food!!!! Every time I come here to eat the food is always great. I normally get the crispy chicken sandwich or go with the wings. But today I finally tried there chicken and waffles and it was really goodAfter climbing I was craving a cobb salad. I yelped "cobb salad" near my current location and North 3rd appeared. How could I have forgotten!!?!??!
Needless to say, I ordered it and was in heavennnnn! So so so so good. The chicken is perfection. The dressing is outstanding. I can't wait to eat the other half of it tomorrow!
Oh also--my husband got the Braised Shortrib Special Sandwich--all we can say is we sandwish it were permanently on the menu! Holy cow was it good. Outstanding.
Service was great, too!!Been coming here for the last like 10 years definitely my favorite restaurant/bar in Philly. Always consistent.  Food  & drinks are amazing. The crispy chicken sandwich is my go to dish.Another great dinner at N 3rd last night. Great place, servers, food and ambiance. Other than always being a little loud in the restaurant, we have never had a bed meal and always have had a great time there. Prices are very good, all four of us had the specials, the pasta and meatballs were top notch. We will always come back for more!Ate outside with my family - great menu variety and really good tasting food.I've gone here throughout the years and this place never disappoint. 
The decor/atmosphere is eclectic, the lay out is structured well and all that good stuff. 
Now to the food: 
Mussels (I've had the white wine/garlic and also the marinara option) - ALWAYS delicious. 
Crispy chicken sandwich - so good, juicy, crispy...all you can ask for in a sandwich. I found the bacon added too much of a salty after taste but that can easily be fixed by ordering w/o bacon (gasp!) or just taking the bacon off. 
Roasted chicken breast with mashed potatoes and garlic spinach - one day I will learn to make this as good as their chef makes it. Until then, I will continue to order it there when I can. 
I know they have a variety of specialty drinks but to be honest, I usually go for the beer or tequila if I'm feeling up to it. I'm sure they're great but N3rd's beer selection is on point. I will continue to frequent this spot.We were looking for a new brunch spot in Fishtown and came across North Third.  Coming to philly from the south, we didn't think twice about trying the place out after seeing they served some good ol' Fried Chicken & Waffles and boy did they get them right.  My wife tried the Crispy Chicken Sandwich and it was alright.  I'd opt to get the Wings next time instead of the sandwich.  Definitely recommend you try their chicken and waffles, 5 stars for that dish!Best wings in the world hands down.   As someone who recently left the area, north third wings are one of things that I miss most about philadelphia.  
You can find good wings in most cities, but none compare to North Third'sTook out-of town family who loved the food, as a vegetarian, it's sometimes hard to get a kitchen to accommodate special requests.
Food was very good, service (place was busy) was prompt and not pushy.
Bartender's music mix added to the overall fun we all had.I've been many times over the years and it's a nice spot to chill and hv good food. I like the atmosphere more than anything. It's always pretty lovely, the decor is very eclectic. They hv various seating options: booths, tables, high top tables, bar. & outdoor seating. Outside seating is nice not too much traffic, but enough to feel vibrant. The food is pretty good, nothing over the top. I don't feel like there's a whole bunch on the menu they I like, but there are a few favs. I like their brunch, they usually hv some special pancakes (today I had the Hot-Lanta pancakes), the breakfast burrito is pretty good, the cheese grits are good (I used to love their shrimp & grits but it seems that they've discontinued them). If they had non pork/beef breakfast meat options I'm sure I'd like them more. But overall it's a cool lil spot ;-)No matter what you order at North 3rd the food is amazing!!! I ordered the BBQ pulled pork sandwich; my friend ordered the fried tilapia sandwich. Both are delicious and filling.  My server Anna wasn't as attentive as I like but it worked out without causing any issues. Great place!!After reading some review on here, I had to write a review.  North 3rd is a staple and a go too for drinks, lunch, brunch, and dinner.  
If you dont want a little bit of an attitude then why would you go here in the first place.  Its clearly part of the schtick in NoLibs and Gbars in general.  Its the typical im a "cool bartender" vibe, but no one is downright rude.  Also, the servers here have been fantastic and the daily specials are typically phenomenal, but they do run out of ingredients once in a while, which I chalk up to freshness (mostly for convenience in my rating).  
It gets 4 stars, b/c my last meal we ate late and you could tell the quality had gone down as we got closer to closing time.  I know chefs need to be taught, but the dishwasher shouldnt cook my burger unless its discounted.  
Anyway, keep up the good work...... oh and Chicken and Waffles, Wings, Shimp Dumplings, Chix Sandwich.....This place NEVER DISAPPOINTS.  Every time people come to visit from out of town we always come here for dinner, and each time my friends and I are amazed at how great this bar is.  The DECOR is not to miss alone, not to mention the kick ass food.
THE WINGS; THE BURGER; and any of the enormous daily specials list that changes nearly weekly.  I've never been for brunch, but I hear that's great too.
If I had a single complaint, it would be the limited extent of the beer list, but the ones they have always impress, so I'll leave this at the top of my best bars in the city list.My first time at North Third was on a Friday night for a special dinner date.  The environment was quant and the decor was artsy (Frida meets from Dusk till Dawn). 
The service was good, the drinks are great and the food is amazing.
The Thai Chili wings are life altering.  I also had the grilled hanger steak and fritas.  The steak was a thick cut of tender, well-seasoned beef with a side of homemade steak fries.My latest trip to North 3rd was disappointing. We walked into the back dining room and were overwhelmed by the smell of cleaning products. It was bad enough that it ruined my appetite. Fortunately, it was so dark in that room that I quickly fell into a fume-induced sleep and awoke to find a coffee sitting in front of me. (I was joking about the darkness being fortunate - we could barely make out what we were eating.) Yikes!I have a Northern Liberties food formula: Honey's for brunch. N 3rd for dinner. With a varied menu (fish tacos, hummus, salads, dumplings, and nightly specials), N 3rd takes a step up from traditional pub/bar fare and offers enough creativity to satisfy the foodiest of foodies, but enough simplicity to appease even the picky eaters. 
Their cocktails are pretty stellar too and the beer list boasts all the local favorites plus other microbrew staples. With the giant projector in the backroom, this place is going to be my post-season spot.Best bloody mary's in the city!The wings here are SOOO good! Stop by just for those. I like this place because I've always received very friendly and quick service and everything on the menu has always been solid. Drinks are okay. Lovely chill atmosphere. I will be back to try out their brunch.For a bar the food here is outstanding. Try to go early and if you're lucky get outdoor seating on a nice day.This is where I take friends from out of town when I'm trying to convince them to move to Philly. North Third has substance and style and warmth. Not to mention one of my favorite hamburgers in the world. It's huge and juicy and when you ask for it rare, it comes out RARE. The selection of toppings is great, I usually go with boursin cheese and mushrooms.  I can only ever finish half so I get a bonus breakfast for the next day! 
The beer list is also great, lots of local stuff. The service is nice and the atmosphere is awesome. Cool and weird shit hanging all over the walls. You might need a flashlight to read your menu and you might have to scream for the people across the table to hear you, but that's because this is a bar. The food is just so amazing that you might mistaken it for a restaurant.One of my Favorite places in Philadelphia! Consistently good food, excellent drinks! Staff are friendly, relaxed and accommodating. You can't go wrong with the pierogies or thai wings. all the food is good Their bread pudding is excellent. Blood Orange Margarita ( I substitute vodka ) is outstanding!My favorite bar/restaurant in Philly. So lucky its in my 'hood. Everything on the menu is great, along with beer selection and very reasonable wine list & revolving selection of $20 bottles. Brunch here is also amazing. I bring my parents here, go on date nights, eat with large groups- it's just my go-to for everything. I heart the North Third!Great food.... Good vibe... Thai wings are awesome!!!5 stars- my only random complaint is that the front door is weak so cold air blows into the first floor. Ask for table on second floor. Otherwise dope service/menu/prices. Will return.Let me jut put it out there. This is my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia - it's weird decor, great service, awesome drinks and consistently delicious food.
I have been coming here semi-regularly since 2007. It is always awesome. It's a great restaurant for everything. Date night - perfect. Brunch after visiting the farmers market- awesome. Need to take your mom out to dinner and she's kind of picky - BOOM! you found your place.
The service is always on point and the servers are all very cool and knowledgeable. The walls have the strangest array of christmas lights, weird masks, pictures, and other random things. I still don't think I have found all the hidden decor oddities here! It's actually kind of a fun game because every time I go, I find another item that I have never seen before.
I have tried almost everything on the menu. The absolutely only thing I would recommend switching out is the bread on the chicken sandwich. It's boring and kind of hard to eat the sandwich. Other than that I can say the wings, ribs, pulled pork, fries, tomato soup, bibb salad and burger are all really great! Oh and I forgot to mention that you should check out the specials also. The one dish that I force myself to order every time I go there are the spring rolls. I just love the sauce, slaw and rolls. I mop them up.
In all seriousness, you need to be eating here.My boyfriend and I had plans to eat brunch up the street, but decided against waiting around for 45+ minutes for a table. We headed to North Third and we greeted and seated right away.
He chose the eggs benedict and I went for the Monte Cristo. Our meals came out within 10-15 minutes and were served with a decent size serving of fruit. My meal was a little overwhelming, but that's to be expected from a sandwich made with french toast instead of ordinary bread. At least now I get to look forward to having my leftover breakfast for dinner!
Two thumbs way up, I look forward to trying North Third again soon.I've been here a few time.  The wings are really good, I also really enjoyed the eggplant fires.  Draft list is decent.  But there seating policy is kind of annoying.  Went in with a large group and a few people were slightly behind us they originally told us they can sit us until are whole group is here but then they asked how long, I doubled checked, 15 minutes.  So they told us they'd go set up the table since 15 minutes was close but didn't mention they still wouldn't seat us.  There really isn't much of an area to wait and we were all ready for a beer so after she passed by a few time one person went to ask if they were still setting up the table and we were told it was completely set up but they couldn't sit us until everyone was present.  We totally would of gotten a round of drink why we waited so they kind of missed out of an extra round by not seating us.  And they were holding the table so it seem so silly that we couldn't sit.i came later than usual on Saturday (around 11a) and was seated in the back dining room with my beau by the window.  I ordered the Chili and Eggs which I have found scrumptious on previous visits but lacked the zing this time.  Maybe the chef changed or he just forgot to add enough hot pepper because it was not spicy and bordered on bland.  The fiance was not wowed with his omelet either.  Plus the waiter, who I have had before and thought was great had a fair number of tables AND was mixing drinks at the secondary bar.  The food came out faster than you could say "would you like fries with that" but the check backs and dropping of the check were quite delayed.  Hopefully it was just a fluke but it really soured my opinion of North 3rd.one of the best places in philly. Great food, eclectic crowd and a unique atmosphere most other restaurants strive for and fail at.An eclectic restaurant with many knock knacks on the walls. Went here for brunch on Saturday and didn't have to wait like many other local spots. everyone was satisfied and pleasantly surprised by the variety and uniqueness of the menu. I got the north third scramble with sweet potatoes, salmon, and Asiago cheese and it was delicious. The home fries that come on the side are amazing and are grilled with peppers and onions.An excellent dinner.  Darkly lit dining area, with Spanish and Day of the Dead looking stuff all over the walls.  
I had a squash and walnut soup (a special for the evening) and the salmon.  Both were terrific.  The soup was very well spiced and the walnuts matched with the flavor well.  It had a good consistency.   The salmon was cooked just to my liking (I often order salmon rare, but per their recommendation about the crispy skin, tried it medium rare), this was buttery, flaky, not over cooked or dried out. 
I also got a chance to taste the pulled pork sandwich and the tomato soup.  The tomato soup was very good as well (and I'm not usually a big fan of tomato soup), I like the idea of using a part of a grilled cheese sandwich as a crouton.  The soup was creamy, but not overly so, and well spiced.  The pulled pork was okay.  A messy sandwich with very sauce-y pulled pork lacking any real smoke flavor.  Heavy on the barbecue sauce.  I didn't particularly like the fries, I would try to substitute them for one of the other sides if I was getting a sandwich here. 
Not a huge beer list, but some interesting things included on the list.  
I would definitely come back for a meal and a drink again.I came here with some friends Friday night while my boyfriend and I were visiting Philly. We had a late lunch, so we got an appetizer to share--the mussels with white wine sauce and garlic (and a lot of butter, I'm sure). It was sooo good. The garlic is raw and has some kick to it, but the sauce is so good, you'll want to ask for extra bread to dip in it. We'd asked for extra bread, but our waitress forgot until about the time that we asked for the check. It was pretty busy that night, but still...
Our other two friends had the fried flounder sandwich, which looked amazing. The portions looked huge--about two meals for me.
I liked how the seating was cozy, but not cramped, as some so-called trendy places can be. Also, as a New Yorker, I found the prices to be quite reasonable for a place packed full of hip, young people.
Next time I'm in Philly, I definitely want to come here again--on an empty stomach!My go to Philly brunch jawn. Not too too hard to get a seat and cool, cozy atmosphere. Every brunch selection is creative, mouthwatering, big as hell and hits the damn spot. Also, they have my absolute favorite bloody marys in the entire city.How I miss North Third! Love the atmosphere, menu & delicious drinks (mmm, blood orange margaritas). I come here with friends every time I'm in town. It's a great place, especially if you're indecisive about ordering like I can be and want to share a bunch of plates... Great outdoor seating, too, if it's a warm summer night. Minus one star because the food is a tad overpriced, in my opinion.I came here on a whim for brunch, having remembered coming here before and having an awesome burger... Maybe it was my fault for ruining my memory of this place by coming for a second time. I had a "Korean Breakfast Taco" that was extremely disappointing. Nothing Korean about it. Barely even Asian inspired. Lame. FYI, hoisin is Chinese. The biscuits and gravy, not as much a letdown. The biscuit itself was on point, but the gravy was more of a cream sauce because it was under seasoned. In the south, they are not afraid of black pepper. The most frustrating part was the service. Took a while to get any attention from our server, who we could clearly see standing by the bar. Never checked on our food, so we were not able to  let them know that we did not get an item we ordered... Which of course showed up on the check. It took forever for them to come over to pick it up, and to bring it back so we could get out of there. Bummer. My day before and after that was stellar.I was there for brunch on Sunday. The huevos rancheros were WEAK. My wife has the Poached eggs.... and they tasted like detergent. The serves was very nice and took that off the bill. My Pimms cup was very good but served in a wine glass and no garnishes. There are many other choices that could easily beat these two dishes. We were so dissatisfied that we went to One shot and snuck in a beer from the Foodery and shared a dish there.North Third boasts an eclectic American themed menu with mostly southern-style choices. As an appetizer, we ordered fried calamari, which was breaded with a dryer breading that we didn't really enjoy. For dinner, I ordered salmon with spinach and  rice in a curry sauce which seemed really interesting, but when it came down to it, it really lacked in spices. Adding curry powder was really the only spice and would have been very complementary to the salmon had there been different spices to bring in the flavors. The salmon itself was very good, cooked well, and seasoned well (minus salt). I also ordered mashed potatoes that came with a scallion garnish and no other flavors. I really expected a lot for the prices, they shouldn't change them, just add flavor.
Both people in our party got alcoholic drinks from the menu and they were very good and strong. Maybe stick to apps and drinks for this place.My first time eating in and everything we got was great. The Thai Chili Wings came with the most delicious Blue Cheese. The fries come with this spicy mayo and we got two cause it was so good. I don't even like mayonnaise. Also, my homegirl got the Mac and cheese which had a great cheesy and buttery flavor, but I thought it could've been baked a little longer. She got the shrimp dumpling which were beautiful and came out in this soy sauce. She devoured them. The ambiance is hipster witchcrafty corky cool. The waitress was attentive and recommended the bread pudding which was ordered to go. Can't wait to go back!I am definitely a fan. They have a pretty descent beer selection, and it's about average price.
We had the wings and french fries with the spicy mayo sauce for appetizer. This was very delicious. I also tried some chicken sandwich and the BBQ ribs, both were very good.
*Note - the wings were awesome. They are as good, if not better than McGillans or Moriarties if you've had theirs.
Will go back again, hopefully soon!Really Enjoyed this place.  Everyone at the table was thrilled with their orders. I had the wings, which were definitely spicier than i expected, but still among the best I've had in Philly.  Very nice atmosphereI finally was able to try out North Third for dinner last week. It's clearly a Northern Liberties staple and I've heard a lot about it from friends. It seems like a solid place to grab a beer and watch the Phillies. It's a little dark inside, which makes it hard to see your dining companions, but the decor is otherwise pretty awesome and eclectic. I dig the Christmas lights a lot. The cocktail list was very inventive - although I went with a beer from their appropriately seasonal list. I split the wings with my husband. Buffalo style of course. Really well cooked, not dry, and very flavorful. I had the BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich. I really liked the side of onion rings. The pulled pork was not exactly what I was used to - it's drenched in BBQ sauce + caramelized onions + cheddar cheese. The bun was soft though. Two of my friends had the special - a short rib sandwich, which the menu indicated came with horseradish & caramelized onions. Both said that while the sandwich was delicious and perfectly cooked, there was NO horseradish, which they felt was disappointing. 
Definitely a good casual food spot that I'm sure we'll return to.Love this Place. the food is always great and new. parking is a pain in the behind so keep that in mind. you may have to park a block or two away.  this place is soooo cool inside and out! love it. im a regulary, although I don't think they know my name. CheersThis is a very chill laid back place to go. It's always a calm atmosphere with dimly lit dining area, which gives it a cool vibe. Usually when I come here I get wings and fries, however I've had a few other dishes and they were all great. The drinks are amazing as well. They serve dinner late, which is always a plus. The only complaint I have is parking. It's a pain trying to find a spot on any given day of the week...
Overall this is a great place to dine, drink and hangout. Definitely the go-to spot when I'm in Philly and don't have dinner reservations!One of the best breakfasts I have ever had! I had the Vegetable Samosas with curry sauce and mango chutney. Normally comes with 2 fired eggs but sub. for egg whites instead. I was delish! My friend got an mushroom spinach omelette which she also loved. Great Bloodymary as well.
The servers are a little strange. 
I'm going back next time Im in Philly.You can find places like this in the small neihborhoods all over Philly.  This one is one of the better gastro pubs I have been to. Cheap drinks and great food to go with it. Its a bit loud but the sevice was fast and friendly.I love North Third, the intimate seating, the outdoor seating, the bizarre paintings and day of the dead tchotckes all over the place...and oh yeah! the food! This place is great for bar night or brunch, lunch or dinner. They do all of it quite well. They also have a nice selection of locally brewed draft beer, and nice waitstaff. Their brunch is delicious, and their bar food to die for. I've never had a bad time here and I can think of only one reason why that is so- because they are LEGENDARY. seriously this is the kind of bar you want in your repertoire it fits any mealtime and leaves you with a smile on your face and without a (too huge) whole in your wallet.
I love it, and you will love it too.This place should be on Diners Drive throughs and Dives
What great food...even foodies will enjoy it!
Definitely check it outThis is a cozy restaurant with a bar. It has outdoor seatings.
From Asian fusion, burgers and risotto, this restaurant offers a variety of food. It offers a limited but good selection of drafted, as well as bottled, beer. They have the standard menu posted online and they do have a seasonal special menu in the restaurant.
These are what's recommended from me...
Vegetarian Tomato Soup Grilled Cheese Crouton
Steamed Mussels in White Wine and Garlic
Tuna Burger
Steak on their special menu
I had their apple crisp desserts and it is worth mentioning not to get it.
The End.This place is one of the best bars in Philadelphia, hands down. The asian-style wings have me coming back again and again. The burger is also one of the best in the city along with the mac n' cheese.
I was disappointed when I was told that they no longer carry Brewers Art Resurrection (N3rd was the only place in the city that carried it on draft) and it's a damn good dubbel.
Downsides? None, really. The wait staff usually seems annoyed but I would be too after working in that dank, loud place all day long. Plus I hate most wait staff where ever I go.
Extra points for their ridiculous and obnoxiously over the top website.
Cheers!This is my go-to bar in Philly.  I have taken all of my friends and immediate family here.  The blood orange margarita is fantastic, along with an awesome beer selection and cocktail list.  I have had almost everything on the menu and everything is delicious.  I recommend the thai wings, the fish tacos, and the tuna sandwich.I like this place a lot! Good bar food and burgers. Large beer list, too. Casual enough for a group but nice enough for a secluded meal. Never one to miss out on seafood, I had the ahi tuna burger with wasabi last time I was here. Wow. Cooked perfectly and melts in your mouth. Great little spot in Northern Libs.The beginning of breakfast was great. Food was good...waiter was friendly but a large party came and apparently needed our table. They literally stood outside by our table until we left. I was soooooo uncomfortable! Where was the host or manager to control this situation????? The intimidation that we felt was unreal....I won't be returning.....Okay so I really really love north 3rd but unfortunately don't think I'll be going back, ever. The staff there just isn't educated enough about the preparation of their food. 
When I asked our waitress what on the menu was gluten free her response was "the wings, salads and everything else is self explanatory". I wish it were that simple. Needless to say, I ended up getting something she had said to be GF and wasn't. 
Not only did I get sick but the whole experience wasn't pleasant. We went in kind if late but it was well before closing and I still felt like she was not happy to have us there. I have really high standards for North 3rd not only because of their excellent food, but their location. I would think being in such a trending area that their staff would be a little more up to date and in a better mood.Maybe this is overkill, but I'm quickly reviewing North 3rd because of my most recent experience there...
1. Our waitress was adorable, sweet, and very attentive.
2. My meal: eggs and chili was incredible (eggs and chili over cornbread with sides of potatoes and pico - holy mol!)
3. Great crowd, no wait, comfy digs, awesome little crap to look at on the walls.
Normally wouldn't contribute to a 117 reviews type of place, but was just really happy with this last experience.Great place. Read reviews on Yelp and decided to try tonight. Funky decor, great staff, waiter was nice guy and fun, very attentive. My wife and I had the tomato soup all write about. It is as good or better than the reviews. Tomato soup with real grilled cheese croutons, what a find. I had the on special tuna, my wife had on the regular menu fish and chips. Both were perfect and tasty. 
Cool place, not expensive and was VERY busy, even early at 7 p.m. when we got there. 
A real find. Thanks Yelp!Roasted chicken, mash potato, Spinach with a Mac & cheese... Hands was da bomb a must buyI don't know if I'd ever come here during daylight hours - the odd decor and trippy paintings would probably interfere with my food-and-drinkery. But when you go at night, the ambiance is so inviting for alcohol consumption, and suddenly all the strange decorations and nude images become delightfully charming.
The beer selection is extensive and the featured drinks change regularly. The place is a lot bigger than it initially seems, so it's a great place to bring a crowd, even if it gets a bit rowdy on certain nights. The food is everything I want bar food to be like. From the spicy mustard with the fries to the delectably oily onion rings, these munchies are superb. If you're in the mood for sweet, I'd definitely recommend the chocolate bread pudding. I also once ordered vanilla ice cream and splashed some chocolate stout over it. Sometimes I have really good ideas.
If North Third ever got an outdoor patio (or just took the one from Standard Tap), I might never need to find another bar in Northern Liberties again. Truth.I love punk rock brunch.
Visiting Phillie for the weekend, I stumbled into North Third almost on accident, having traveled up to Northern Liberties to visit the apparently famous Honey's Sit-n-Eat, but not willing to wait the hour it was going to take to get seated.  So, seeing a much smaller crowd at an establishment only a block away, we decided to wander in and see what was up.
Inside we were greeted with weird, eclectic decor, tattooed staff and patrons, and the smell of delicious fried things coming out of the kitchen.  We bypassed the half hour wait by grabbing seats at the bar, and within minutes were perusing the menu with drinks in hand.
The menu was one in which I wanted to try everything on it--very chorizo heavy, lots of somewhat unusual combinations, and overall extensive, with both vegetarian and meaty options (though definitely MUCH more of the latter).  I ended up ordering the breakfast poutine, which was big, delicious Belgian-cut french fried with melted mozzerella and a fried egg, all topped with red wine gravy.  Yu-um. The french toast, which my boyfriend ordered, was also solid (though there was nothing particularly unusual about it).
My complaints about the place are two.  First: all restaurateurs reading this, please pay close attention (because this is a complaint I have about a lot of restaurants):  if you have an establishment in a major metropolitan area, chances are there are LOTS OF VEGETARIANS trying to eat at your establishment.  So, it just makes good business sense to cater to them.  North Third looked like the type of place that would have been very vegetarian friendly, but it wasn't, not particularly.  Out of their huge menu, there were only three vegetarian options, but if they'd have just offered veggie sausage or veggie chorizo, they could've made most of the menu vegetarian friendly, all while keeping the prices the same and the essence of the food the same.  So, that's one complaint.
The second?  Their elderflower kir royale should've been delicious, since it was made out of champagne, St. Germaine, and Chambord, three of the tastiest alcoholic beverages in existence, yet it tasted like cough medicine.  And their mimosas, while strong, were not cold enough and also tasted sort of gross and flat.
However, complaints aside, the food was delicious, the wait wasn't as bad as its neighbors, the service was friendly, and if you're in the neighborhood, its definitely a solid choice.The wings the wings the wings. The vibe the vibe the vibe. Love this place. Get the chicken breast over mashed potatoes! The salmon is amazing. A gem in the middle of northern liberties. My favorite comfort food in Philly. Feels like Brooklyn in there. Love that as well.
The thing about North 3rd that's really great is that it has a real local bar funky / dump kind of feel but lurking in the kitchen is a real chef. The food is very high quality. The restaurant itself is as good or better than many fancier places. 
I'm almost surprised that someone like steven star hasn't tried to open a place in northern liberties that's make pretend broke down chic. Maybe its because he thinks hipsters don't have enough money? Im not sure. I do know I generally dislike his restaurants and they have nothing to do with this review , so shut up mr stupid reviewer man!
OK...
North Third has good wines on the list , great beer , great food  , good music and also a really great staff of employees putting it all together. Also, its not a terrible place to catch a game while sitting at the bar. 
21 gun salute.......NORTH THIRDOne of our favorite places! Always has excellent service as well as awesome food! Their wings are some of my husband's favorite in the city!The service was prompt and courteous but my veg tomato soup sucked. The basil overwhelmed the soup. The grilled cheese sandwich was the bomb however.
My friend had the kobi beef hamburger and was similarly underwhelmed.
The burger came in two patties and was small.On a nice day what I love about this setting is the openness of either sitting inside next to the wide open windows/doorways or relaxing at one of the few outdoor tables.  If you shy away from the sun the inside is nice and dim with an eclectic collection of artwork that will have your eyes darting all over the place.
I've been happy with the food the last couple of times I've been there.  I'm not much of a brunch person, but the menu is diverse enough that I didn't have a problem finding something I truly enjoyed.  The service has always been friendly and quick.  
If your going in the evening for drinks I found the place was an average bar.  (This area has some very solid bars to compete against).  Kind of on the noisy side, so not so great for a group, but definitely good for a date.Love this place for it's wings and baked mac n' cheese. They serve food late night which is a plus. I like the space, it's small, dimly lit and has an eclectic neighborhood vibe to it. Would definitely come here for food if in the area. Service is also friendly and quick.If you like Pubs, this is one of the best spots in Philly.  They have signature chicken wings that they tout as among the best in Philly and the burgers were great, complimented by a pretty extensive menu of sides & apps. The place gets very crowded, but it definitely has that very unique irish pub vibe to it.  If you go, try the wings and burgers.A tried and true consistent neighborhood fave.  It's in heavy rotation for my places to go.
What I dig about the place:
-  unpretentious atmosphere
-  decent, fast service
-  menu hasn't changed in the four years I've lived here
-  the soup specials are huge and are always DEELICIOUS
-  rarely had a meal I didn't like here
-  2 options for bars (one in the front and one in the back)
-  lots of high top tables by the bar
-  a brunch that rivals Honey's Sit 'n Eat
-  Crispy Chicken Sandwich (Guac + mayo +bacon + challah bread = big YUM),  Mussels with Coconut and Curry, a big steamin' bowl of edamame, scrumptious salads. (you need not order all these at the same time)
-  they always bring water orders first whether you asked for it or not.  My thirst thanks you.  Reminds me to hydrate before I begin to indulge.
-  funky, weird, controlled-chaos-garage-sale-chic dcor and lights strung up everywhere.  Who doesn't like a set of breasts staring at you while you eat brunch in the back room?
-  Mon - Wed nights are cool here and late afternoons during the weekend
-  patio space!
What I don't dig about this place:
-  the lighting in certain parts of the restaurant (depending on the time of day, too), especially the back room by the second bar, it's a total dungeon.  You can't see squat: the menu, your food, the company you're eating with; I'm all about mood lighting, but this is ridiculous.  Get some more creepy lights in some spaces, or just replace those that have burned out eons ago.
-  the menu hasn't changed in the four years I've lived here.
-  I've never had a meal I LOVED here.  Menu and offerings are straightforward standards.  I've just never convulsed with culinary delight over the food here. 
- Thurs evenings to Sat evenings place is always jammed, I like my N. 3rd to be lightly packed.  The place will also often just get unexpectably full on random nights.
- Fries are so-so (I'm very particular about fried potatoes, and potatoes in general)
As you can see, the pros totally outweigh the cons here, and that's why I always come back.THe service, atmosphere and food were excellent. Great beers on tap. A definite place to go to.Best wings ever!  Original or Asian inspired.  Finger-licking good! 
Choc Chip bread pudding is not to be missed.I worked at this place for a summer and still love going there, so that means a lot. N 3rd is really hip but very relaxed. The decorations are fun and I find something to new on the walls every time I go. New local art goes up every few months or so. The music is current.
It's good for large parties if you're not going during peak hours. Don't sit in the back room with your grandma if she doesn't like staring at naked breasts. I'd feel comfortable taking a child there during the day, but there's not a children's menu.
My favorite meal here is definitely brunch. The Monster Mary, their wild version of a bloody mary, is really fun and delicious. I usually order the biscuit and sausage gravy  that comes with a fried egg. Hey, I'm from Texas, so sue me. 
They have a lot of outside seating and you don't usually have to wait for brunch like you do at Honey's, which is a block west. The prices are very reasonable. I wish they had more interesting beer on tap. I also wish they would change up their every day menu. It's getting old. They also need to work on their desserts.Best burger, great drinks and friendly staff....what else do you need?I ate here on New Year's Day and loved the atmosphere. I got the Thai Chili Wings and could literally lick up the remaining sauce on the plate it was so good. My friend got the pulled pork sandwich and it was HUGE and delicious. We shared the brussels sprouts special, but I found it kind of bland but my friend LOVED them. Definitely will come back soon, hopefully for brunch!Had another fabulous dinner with my wife at N 3rd last night.  We go about once every 2 weeks to once a week.  Always love the atmosphere, the music, the service and of course the delicious food !  Last night we had a delicious bibb salad, the clams with chorizo (which is one of my favs !) and the grilled rib eye steak.  Looking forward to going back soon already !Came here on a balmy summer day after a long day of walking around Philly. Jess N. and I were planning on getting dinner at a popular cheese steak joint (major mistake) so we just wanted something small here. We ended up sharing a flat bread pizza that had arugula, sun-dried tomatoes and goat cheese. It was perfectly crispy, bitter and tangy. I accompanied it with a yummy glass of Riesling. 
One of the other tables had a dog with them and their waiter brought out a bowl of water for the dog which I thought was very nice. Our waitress was nice too and brought us water as well. We cooled off, filled up and continued our journey across Philly.The food here is all over the place!!!!! The decor for Halloween was also ridiculous .... minus the scary snarling dog pictures and dolls, I think I would've been at ease eating my dinner.
We started with the ribs and mussels. The broth in the mussel was absolutely amazing, the 5 of us hovered over the bowl to soak our bread into the broth. The ribs were also delicious with the sweet and sour sauce. They were cooked just well enough that the meat was just falling off the bones.
I had the southern fried chicken for my entree. The entree was a bit smaller than I had expected. My chicken was tender and juicy, but a bit sweeter due to the corn flakes used for breading the chicken leg. 
I would like to come back and try the other food items.a cozy, fun, and casual place in the neighborhood to grab a great meal with a date or small group of friends. I highly recommend the honey dipped chicken sandwich (truly divine, and fantastically messy to eat), Thai chili wings, and chocolate chip bread pudding. and a very solid beer list.Loved the service and had a nice vibe!  The wings were delicious, the asian style ones. Enjoyed the beet salad and the soft-shell crab special was yummy!  The fried chicken cobb salad looked great coming out of the kitchen as well.I had a great drink made for me as i was passing thru.. Although one of the bar managers was harrassing me about harrassing other guests.. Blah blah blah im a gust too or did you forget.. Whatever ; dubble shot bacardi limon and seltzer is on pointNorth third is one of my favorite bar food places in Philadelphia.  Their fish tacos are amazing as well as the Thai wings.  Follow that up with bread pudding for dessert and you can't go wrong with this place.i love this place because the people who work there are nice.  i love the neighborhood.  i love the fact that they cater to the dog friendly neighborhood, they have dog leash hooks and water bowls available for the puppies.  the restrooms are always clean.  the swordfish special was amazing, as was the tuna... but i like my tuna seared so i had to send the "medium" one back, but they were all over it! i love the bread pudding desert, but i'm not a fan of nuts and oats so stay away from the crisps.  i don't know i really like their drink menu too, and there's just something about the place.I love coming to North Third. Every time I am here it gets better and better. The ambiance is welcoming but intimate. The lighting is dim and red, the art on the walls are thought provoking and unique. The menu is great and the specials are always surprising and packed with flavor.
Great spot for an intimate evening or one with friends. My favorite dishes are, clams and sausage, I could eat the broth like soup! I also really love their Brussels sprouts, when they're on special! The salmon entree is delicious and fulfilling with a unique seasoning choice. 
For dessert I usually go for the raspberry sorbet, sweet but not too sweet and a nice size portion capable of sharing. :)Great place. Kitchy in a good way. Great great wings. Good burger. Good brunch. Good beers and cocktails. Just flat out fun and comfortable. Welcoming to all. Solid meal/ value. You definitely get what you pay for.Consistently good and creative food.  Funky atmosphere and mix of people.First let me say I have been a big fan of this restaurant.
But last Mon. Pre Joe Bonamassa my wife &  I went for dinner.
Appetizers were tasty, wine ok & beer good.
I had pulled pork sandwich served with fried onion rings.
My wife fish & chips.
My sandwich tasty but the onion rings & I love fried onion rings were so greasy I could not eat them.
My wife's French fries ok, side salad served with no dressing but the fish was so greasy when she cut into it oil shot out. She took off breaking & ate fish which was not terrible.
My hope is this was an aberration as I still like this place.Awesome place to go with a couple friends. This place is not a party atmosphere. Really unique chill place. I will definitely go here again if I'm in the area.I came here about a year and a half ago.  They had a seared tuna that was amazing.  I checked their menu recently and it looked like they don't make it anymore.  Definitely some interesting decor, but the food is right on.  I'd like to go back sometime.Great spot for brunch.  Everyone's food was excellent.  Atmosphere was casual and chill.North Third has a decent selection of quality beer at an affordable price.  The atmosphere is fun and interesting.  I would highly recommend this bar if you're in the area.I thought this place had really cool/funky decor inside - I was looking all around when waiting for our food. Brunch was great - The apple caramel french toast was really good, everything tasted fresh & was reasonably priced. I thought the drink specials could have been a little more generous & our seating was a little cramped, but I guess that's expected on a busy Sunday. Our waitress was a little inattentive, but again - It was really busy & we managed to only wait about 7 minutes before being sat when everywhere else in the area had an about hour wait. All in all, I would definitely recommend & come back!Dear North Third,
Why don't you want me to see my food? I don't understand. Everything I order, from the incredible tomato soup, the tacos, the steak, the salad - EVERYTHING you make is so delicious.
Yet, I can't actually see much of it because it's so freaking dark in your restaurant. Maybe it's the timing, maybe it just happens to be the tables I've tried. But I'm pretty sure it's not me because I've seen other patrons trying to hold menus up to the tiny candle on their table - I saw one guy pull out a lighter. 
I'll be back, not that you'll notice because it's like eating in the dark and you couldn't possibly see me.I use to come here all the time when I lived in center city. I remember the hanger steak in the red wine sauce. It was great. 
This time I went with my kids and had the hanger steak again. My kids had the Margherita pizza and a regular cheese burger. 
 Drinks are great but the food is the 2 star :(.  Very disappointing.This place is a gem.  It's hard to really put it all into words. From the Native American-esque, post-Americans Decor to the dimly-lit ambiance of the entire place. I loved every bit of it. 
Great cocktail selection.  Incredible Thai Chili wings with peanut rub.  The burger is one of the most memorable I've had.  Everything here is top-notch American bar food. To the tenth degree.Awesome Sunday brunch!  Fun, quirky atmosphere and good vibes :)I have now been here 3 times and I am happy to say it's a perfect little neighborhood spot. Their food is good and the atmosphere is awesome whether its sitting outside in the summer or inside. We like taking visitors from out of town here because I think it really shows of the uniqueness of our neighborhood. 
That being said, the last time I was there the service was slightly lacking. I asked a simple question about whether a substitution could be made on one of the dishes and the waitress was pretty rude about it. Personally I think their brunch is just average and isn't as good as their dinner and for this reason I might not return for brunch right away. 
Our favorite menu items are the eggplant fries (only available during dinner, also got chastised for this one) and the signature N3rd wings. But because this spot is so close and the food is good we will return.We were originally going to Honey's for brunch, but there were so many people outside we decided to see what the wait was like at North Third.  I was shocked that we were next on the list because the place was pretty bustling, and it was Sunday at noon.  We only waited about ten minutes to be seated.
I ordered the Biscuits and Gravy dish, being on a B&G kick lately (not sure why!)  BF had the Breakfast burrito.  His mom had the challah french toast and a side of bacon, and his dad the eggs benedict.  The portions were huge and great for the price!  Service was quick and food was pretty good.
I didn't care for the sausage in the gravy.  It was not the crumbly breakfast sausage I am used to in breakfast gravy, instead it was sliced and spicy.  The biscuit was a little dry.  I much prefer the b&g at Green Eggs Cafe, but I would try another dish at North Third when we go back.  BF had the same review for his burrito.. was tasty but Green Eggs does a better job all around.  The french toast came with 3 HUGE slices.  His mom ended up sharing with all of us.  We thought the side of bacon was only $1 due to weird spacing on the menu, but it was really $4.  (add $1 for bacon only applies to the omelet).
The decor was a little strange... a taxidermied boar with the head on one wall and the tail on the wall behind it?  Spiders and skulls and other assorted halloweeny decorations?  All of them, and the walls, covered in a thick cake of dust?  They definitely need some work on cleaning up the dining room.  It is a bit unappetizing to see that much dirt and grime in a place where you are about to eat.  I can only hope the kitchen doesn't look like that.It never fails, whenever we have out of town guests we take them to North Third because it never disappoints. The place has an awesome vibe. It's like laid-back cool, with a side of weird (day of the dead themed decor and lots of naked ladies) and an air of hipster artsy. And all this is topped off with ridiculously good food. The menu always has yummy specials but you can't go wrong their burger on soft wonderful brioche (I like it with mushrooms and goat cheese but do your own thang...options are wide open). For brunch it's all stellar but sometimes they have a shrimp taco that I could eat every day for breakfast, lunch and dinner. I highly suggest you check it out!love the food. especially the desserts. great bar to drink and hang out w/ friends.Stopped in here for a few beers and a bit to eat late night. and really enjoyed it,., They had a great beer selection, and i got some thai flavored wings that where sticky as all hell, but on point. 
The staff was very attentive and helpful. 
They have outdoor seating, which i am a huge fan off.Just moved to the Northern Libs and starting to explore the local eats. First great dining experience was at North Third. The food was banging and consistent on my two consecutive nights. Highly recommend the Chicken, Shrimp dumplings, Pork tacos (special), hanger steak and the cauliflower flat bread. The hummus wasn't anything special but otherwise the menu is far above normal bar fare. Allagash White on draft to top it off.
 It's a bit pricey but worth it and they accept credit cards. Chill atmosphere, plenty of space with an area away from the bar. Healthy crowd but wasn't packed on Wed/Thurs evening. We were quickly seated and had great attentive service. Will definitely be returning.Run to north third and order the Cuban sandwich. It's a special and not on their everyday menu (let's change that!) and you won't regret it.The food here is SO DELICIOUS. The kitchen wasn't opening until 5:00pm, but they were happy to seat us and serve us drinks when we arrived at 4:45. Our waitress took our order as soon as the kitchen opened and was very attentive. I had the tomato soup off the regular menu and a spicy honey chicken sandwich, which was one of the specials.
The tomato soup was described as coming with "grilled Vermont cheddar cheese." I thought that meant there would be cheese on top of my soup, but no. IT ARRIVED WITH AN ACTUAL GRILLED CHEESE SANDWICH. It was awesome, obviously. And the soup itself was so creamy it was orange. 
My chicken sandwich was great too, huge and fried and topped with diced pickles (!!) which I loved, but might've been hard for a pickle hater to pick off. And the French fries reminded me of boardwalk fries. 
Highly recommended! I can't wait to go back.I love this bar! The food, booze/beer selection, and staff are all great. This is one of my favorite neighborhood places.North Third is just blocks from my house, I'm not sure why I don't drop by more often. Their food is good, service is efficient, and their Bloody Mary's are fantastic. I've been here for brunch on several occasions. When they are busy (prime brunch time) it can feel a little crowded and can get loud, but when they've slowed down (2pm on a Sunday) it's great! Also, for nice days there's outdoor seating and the inside the dining area has double doors that open to the outside. Very nice.
I've gotten the chili and eggs, and the Korean BBQ duck fried rice. Both were very good and I would definitely order them again. The Fried rice had good flavor and texture (crispy garlic and sesame seeds and a fried egg on top). The chili and eggs is just a great combination of foods.In a city where there are several restaurant on every corner great food and consistency is key!  It is what keeps me coming back and the experienced staff are all great! Many of which seem to have been there for years and just give the place that extra leg up and one of my regular stops every week!This. place. rules.
I can't lie, whenever the idea of brunch is brought up I always suggest North 3rd.  I lived in NoLibs for 2+ years and was a fixture here on the weekends to indulge in brunch.  It has a unique vibe and interesting artwork, but most importantly, great food and good service.  They also get a +1 in my book for serving scrapple.
Also, their asian wings are a must try.We've wanted to try North Third for over a year, but its location in the Northern Liberties is just ever so slightly far away from our Rittenhouse neighborhood. So when my brother announced he was finally (FINALLY!) visiting me in Philly, we took it as an opportunity to visit a few places we wanted to. Plus, his new found love of craft beer made a tour of gastropubs the perfect idea for the weekend.
We arrived a little before 5pm on a Sunday after walking over 5 miles all day - he literally saw every part of CC - and were ready to eat as soon as the kitchen opened. The drink menu was pretty short; the two boys stuck with beer on tap while I decided to switch things up and opted for wine as we sat back and watched the football game that was on at the bar. Once the kitchen was open, we ordered 1 lb of their signature wings, a special appetizer of thai chili glazed ribs, and the potato pierogies. Surprisingly, those three appetizers were enough for all three of us - but coupled with at least three beers each (or two glasses of wine for me, which was enough to make me quite jovial). All our food was fantastic: the wings were spicy (although not as awesomely huge as Moriarty's, they had a similar delish heat), the ribs were fall apart tender and sweet-spicy with a slaw to cool your palate, and those pierogies were fantastic with caramelized onions and sour cream. Our waitress was wonderful, checking in on us every now and then, and we weren't bothered for the two hours we sat at our table. We had a wonderful time eating, drinking, talking, and watching the Jets kick some Patriot ass :) Will definitely have to come back...when we're living closer to the NoLibs.I'm glad I tried this place out. The artwork on the wall is funky. Highly impressed with this quaint brunch spot. We didn't have to wait long before we were seated. Mimosas were good and food came out very quickly. I ordered the crispy chicken sandwich- delicious! Served on fresh thick bread, the sandwich had a big juicy tomato and tasty guacamole. My date ordered the eggs Benedict and ate it before I could ask him how it was. Can't wait to come back here and try something different.Went for Brunch. Very solid food, okay drinks. We had classic wings and then fried chicken, eggs, and waffles. Both were amazing. The drinks were alright. We had a Margarita and Mimosa too heavy on the juice / light on the booze and served at room temperature. We also had a Bloody Mary, which is a good choice here. Staff was very nice.With Honeys wait an over an hour we gave this place a shot. Had the dog and ate outside, which was nice. Service was good and this place did not disappoint. We shared the peanut butter waffle with jelly sauce which we had as a starter and was delicious.  I had a breakfast burrito which was good and my daughter loved her hamburger, which was cooked perfect and served medium rare as requested. She rated this burger right up there with Royal Tavern.  Fries were really good as well. My other daughter had a salad with grilled chicken. The chicken was moist and tasty.FRIED CHICKEN!
LAMB BURGERS!
Do I have your attention?
Last night my husband and I ate at North Third and even though the decor was a combination of trendy and frightening, the food was nothing short of awesome.
We ordered the pierogies as an appetizer. They came out smothered in sour cream and onions, and while they had a little bit of browning on them, it wasn't so much that they felt chewy, burnt, or crunchy. Definitely a good start to the meal.
For my meal I ordered the fried chicken, mashed potatoes, jalepeno cornbread, and cole slaw special. The fried chicken was really good - I'm confident that there was honey on it, which made it just a little bit sweet. The mashed potatoes were so smooth they should have been called whipped/beaten/pulverized potatoes. The jalepeno cornbread was a little spicy but, like the chicken, also a little bit sweet. The texture was perfect - not dry at all. I even ate some of the cole slaw, and I am not a cole slaw fan (I hate the creaminess/thickness of it).
My husband got the lamb burger with feta and arugula. The lamb itself was medium-rare and the portion was pretty large. The amount of feta on this thing was obscene, and the bread that held it all together was perfectly soft but supportive. It came with a side of fries that were well seasoned and he ordered a side of brussel sprouts also, which we both enjoyed. 
What I wasn't really a fan of were the cocktails. I started with the blood orange margarita and it was only OK. I've been eating at a lot of Mexican joints lately and this margarita didn't stand up to some others I've had. I then went with the "Stoli Doli." WHOA!! That thing was straight up liquor with like a teaspoon of pineapple juice. I couldn't finish it because it was just way too strong.
Overall the food here was spectacular. There wasn't one thing I ate that I didn't like. I certainly would return!Tomato soup, wings, and tuna burger were stellar. Server was your typical overconfident hipster for the area. Ill come back for the grubWhile roaming around Northern Liberities recently we wanted to end our bar visits on a high note. My husband suggested North Third and we were not disappointed. We came on a Saturday afternoon and it was pretty crowded. Luckily, we managed to score some seats at the bar. Our bartender from start to finish was personable and overall just great! I wish for the life of me I could remember her name. 
North Third has a good amount of beers available and pretty much everything on the menu looked awesome. We just wanted a quick bite so we shared  fries and a mushroom flatbread. The fries were top notch! Crispy and so, so yum. The flatbread was pretty good as well, but I wasn't crazy about the arugula on it as it tasted not so fresh. When stopping by again I will probably order something else! 
Service was fast and the place itself is very lively. Looking forward to our next visit.Fun atmosphere, awesome tomato soup, great lamb burger, decadent bread pudding. Skip the fish tacos.Great food, great atmosphere, great service. I came here with my boyfriend and a friend on a Monday evening.  Our server was very attentive throughout. He gave good menu suggestions and checked on us frequently.  The dining area was full of interesting things to look at while we waited, although the food came pretty quickly. We ordered the thai chili wings, oysters, free range chicken, and the trout. Everything was delicious with healthy portions.
I will certainly be back.It's a great place to get bar food. I rarely eat in Northern Liberties and/or Fishtown area and decided to go for North Third after getting recommendations from my friend. 
My friend and I shared the thai chili? wings. fries, and  chicken quesadilla
These were all good but nothing wowed me. the Asian sauce for the wings were great because it wasn't too sweet. the quesadilla had lots of chicken inside. Fries were really good! The dipping sauce for the fries was awesome! North Third was a good experience but I would not go back because nothing was that special (except for the fries dipping sauce and the great service).North 3rd is always a win. The atmosphere is cool, the food and drinks amazing. Parking is usually pretty easy; I've never had to drive more than a block away. The staff has always been courteous and friendly. In the four years or so that I've gone there I've yet to have any sort of a bad experience.how have a I lived in Philadelphia for this long without finding this place! A friend and I were in the mood for a low key outdoor brunch (with maybe a side of Bloody Mary) and a change of scenery and this place fit the bill on paper.  
Walked up to find so much more.... Seated in a perfect outdoor table in just minutes on a  sunny 75 degree Sunday at 11 AM isn't an easy task but they made it happen.  They also had one of the best Bloody Mary's I have had in the city.  
Their brunch has something for everyone.... I had the bagel and lox platter which I had been dreaming about all morning, and my friend the Monte Cristo (super tasty).  
If it hadn't been for a on-coming medical freight train about to hit my friend, we would have been at the bar all afternoon. And their bar menu and beer selection would have kept us entertained the whole time.  Looking forward to the next opportunity to head up to NoLibs to check it for dinner!I loooooorrrrrvvvve north third.  I love the ribs, I love the spinach, I love the fries.  I copied and try to make chili mayo at home and dip everything in it till I can get back there for my fix. As far as food goes: I usually get a special off the blackboard.  I have never been disappointed, and I've gone on random Mondays as well and everything is just so good.  The sangria is strong and delicious, an there is a ton of outdoor tables. The inside is like upstairs at moms, except classier and no tags.  Just a lot of eclectic household items, Christmas lights, fun paintings of boobs and poodles with vampire teeth, a twelve foot eagle, lanterns made out of weird things.  I like that aspect of it as well.  This joint has a lot of character and has consistently yummy grub.Went here today for Brunch and it was surprisingly NOT CROWDED! (yay). My fiance got the wings and they were to.die.for. They were crispy, crunchy (isn't that the same thing) vinegary with just the right amount of spicyness. I got the chipped beef---and that was divine. . . .the stiff white bread was buttery and hard enough to withstand that creamed chipped beef sauce, and somehow it stayed pretty in step with my fried egg! My friend got the breakfast empanandas and they were DELISH. A ton of cilantro, black beans, sweet potato fillings and black been sauce sealed the deal for me. 
We were so excited that I wound up buying three rounds of patron, one round of mimosas and finally, a few hoegardens (sp). 
yum. yum. yum. service was on point.The bread pudding is on crack!!! Freaking delicious!The best bread pudding I've had!! Baked Mac N Cheese Is probably one of the best ones I've had too! Thai wings are delicious too!Good rotating taps and classic gastropub fare in a great atmosphere. A NoLibs staple.This is my local hot spot! The staff is awesome and I am a frequent patron, especially in the summer when I can get a cold beer and bowl of water for my dog. This is where gastropub meets gourmet. One of my favorites is the fresh summer made gazpacho with a spoonful of guacamole! On a typical night my favorites (not all at once!) include the hummus plate, pierogies or if I am really hungry, I LOVE the tuna steak sandwich special. If you eat meat, get the burger medium-rare with boursin cheese and sauteed mushrooms; you won't regret it!This is my favorite place to eat in town. The crowd is cool, the lighting is flattering, the food is divine. Any soup is a great bet, the clams special is a favorite, and their hanger steak is juicy and delicious.  Love the artistic flare.Great place food is great I mean really good try the Asian wings the dumplings  the fish taco specials change everyday great soupSuch a hidden gem. I almost don't want to tell anyone about this place because it'll just turn into another 30-60 min wait for brunch. But if it comes to that, it's well worth the wait. Up there with the other more known brunch places in Philly.Oh, North Third, your quirky decor and eclectic menu warm the cockles of my cold, snarky heart.
I can take vegetarians and carnivores to you, placid family or my most raucous friends. In the winter, you have mulled wine! In the summer, you have sangria! All year round, you make me happy.
Your food is tasty (though your menu could stand to change a little bit more often). Your bizarro-land artwork makes me smile. What is not to love about you, North Third? You did lose my boyfriend's hat when he left it in our booth-- but I hated that hat! Hurray!
North Third, keep on keeping on. I'll be back.