I had my boyfriend's 25 birthday party here with a few friends a few weeks ago. I had never been to North Bowl before, but my boyfriend had and liked it a lot. I had 2 lanes reserved for two hours, and a buffet set up to feel all of our friends. 
All of the food was delicious and there was a TON of it. When you book an event here, THEY FEED YOU WELL. I didn't order a bar package, but I found the drink prices to be pretty reasonable, especially for a venue like this. 
If I had to give some criticism, I'd just note that the cashier didn't really give my party any specific directions about when we'd know that our lanes were ready (a few of us had arrived early to get drinks before hand). Other than that, everyone had a great time! 
Oh, and we went there the night Whitney Houston died and the establishment was sensitive enough to pay tribute to the Queen of the Night herself by playing "I Wanna Dance With Somebody." So if you were there the night we lost Ms. Houston, yes, that was me dancing in honor of our sister in soul. God damn you, Bobby Brown. I will never forgive you.I had a wonderful evening out at a friends birthday party last night. The bartender named Katelyn is the truth ! she made the best drinks I had tasted in a long while . she created some of the drinks on the awesome menu. They had so many delicious items on the menu, I tried a few and will be back for more. The  Rabbit flautas Special was  Absolutely  amazing .A  Salmon burger on an English muffin with  red cabbage slaw and a spiced mayo a keeper. Funnel cake French fries 2 orders  so much fun .I will be back very soon to try more of the well balance taste of the North bowl which give 5 star restaurants something to think about!!!! I didn't bowl  but my friends did and had a blast the games where fun and it was so much space to talk and have a great time with friends. highly recommend with reservationsGood thing I put a hold on the bowling wing in my mansion,lol. This place spoils me grand! LOVE the fact that there is a sweet bowling alley with pool tables, pinball, and NO DRESS CODE! (Eat that Lucky Strike!)... then there's more... tater tots!, photo booth;), table pac-man, 2 floors & 2bars - I recommend trying to get the upstairs lanes, there's only two but if you have enough people to get both lanes its an instantly like having the bar and bowling in your living room! The staff is awesome and friendly as well as eye catching;) There's a special on bowling every Sunday & Wednesday after 10pm... Have fond memories of bowling from my childhood and look forward to many more because of this place- keep it up!Nice spot for bowling in the city , seems nice packed , good music . Nice old school look spot. With upbeat tech. Outside is very clean and dog friendlyAh, North Bowl. I give it more like 3 and a half stars. How did someone not yet mention their AMAZING black and white photo booth? Oh gaaaawd, that's the best part! I showed all of my friends the great shots we took and loved that. Okay, it loses a star because the server brought me actual mini corn dogs, not the veggie ones I ordered. But I didn't even ask for a change, because it was so busy and I was so hungry by the time they came.most important thing to know about north bowl:
THEY HAVE THE MOST RIDICULOUSLY AMAZING AND REALISTIC VEGGIE WINGS I HAVE EVER EVER EVER TASTED. 
after craving chicken wings for the past 3 years ive been veggie, i have finally been able to get something so close to the real thing that i no longer have to crave chicken wings. amazing. they are well known for their amazing tots (i like the buffalo kind), but they should be known for these wings, too.
ok. wednesday's here - $2 tots and $2 bowling (after 10). there's always a  waitl ist though so you might wanna go early and put your name in. early as in before 9. there's a bar downstairs and upstairs while you wait.
the decor is nice, sleek, and modern. there's a big lebowski screen shot on the wall. great seating at the actual alleys.
and my second favorite thing after veggie wings: an oldschool photobooth for those cute date photos.Once again, North Bowl provided the setting for a fun get together with our friends and family in the 215. Good as ever.
One problem that cost a star: Lanes 7 & 8 kept experiencing trouble -- odd lane resets (or no resets), trapped balls, etc. The mechanic is always fast to help, but it happened a lot this time. That said, it still isn't bad enough to kill the buzz. Thanks again, North Bowl.
Note: Make sure you call ahead for reservations if you're playing on weekends. That makes all the difference.If I could provide zero stars - I would.  North Bowl used to be a fun spot for bowling and beverages in nolibs...sadly, it has become riddled with less than desirable clientele, bartenders who tip themselves, counter staff who are beyond rude to everyone and a security guard wielding a gun. 
I went to North Bowl with a group of 10 friends for a birthday party.  We expected that the wait would be long on a Saturday night but 4 hours is a bit ridiculous.  We arrived at 8pm and were told to stop back in 1 and a half hours to actually get our wait pager.  The group proceeded upstairs to order drinks and food while we waited.  The food was served cold...nothing like icy tater tots and skin on your melted cheese to start your night off right.  The bartenders also enjoyed keeping change from my friend's $20 instead of letting her decide how much she'd like to tip.  There was also a lovely display of class in the ladies' room with broken glass in each of the sinks...
During our wait we noticed another group of patrons at the next lounge area who appeared to be having a good time until an altercation began between a man and a woman.  They began yelling in each other's face and then became violent with hair pulling, pushing and slapping.  The armed officer who had been patrolling the facility noticed the incident and broke up the fight.  He then told the man that he was to leave only to have another man in the group argue with the officer as well as other women in the group.  They gave the officer extreme attitude and even said "It was [their] right to be here"...he then proceeded to throw the entire party out only to experience more refusal and pushback.  I'm sorry...it's your RIGHT to get violent and begin fighting at a bowling alley and then demand that you should stay??  Their behavior was extremely unacceptable but I was only further shocked when the manager and security guard allowed the group to remain!  
At about midnight, our pager finally buzzed and we went downstairs to bowl.  The $15 per person for 2 games is always a hard pill to swallow but I digress. After such a long wait, we were definitely ready to get our evening started.  As the birthday girl began her turn to bowl, we noticed that her ball didn't return.  She threw another and that also didn't come back.  After the second and third members of our group went and experienced the same issue we pushed the "Help" button.  After waiting 10 minutes, one of our friends had to walk over to the counter to request help in-person.  The guy walked to the back of the lanes and then came out front to address the issue.  After another 10 minutes we resumed bowling only to have the lane break again after 2 bowlers.  Our friend walked over again twice more to have various problems addressed by the staff.  The manager should have recognized that this was a major issue and offered some type of compensation - especially since we were approaching 1am and hadn't even completed 4 frames of our first game (I have to reiterate that we waited 4 hours to bowl and this was what we waited for?!).  
Finally, we had had enough.  When the birthday girl approached the counter with her receipt and asked for our money back, the woman behind the counter gave her extreme attitude.  For some reason, she couldn't understand how we'd be upset after waiting 4 hours, paying over $100 to bowl, not including the $200+ in food and drinks, and then experiencing 3 separate problems that caused stoppage in our game.  She was told only $12 per person could be refunded but not the $3 for shoe rental - I thought that was complete BS...give me my full amount.  The girl literally threw the money at my friend - literally.  They did allow us to finish our 1 and only game - at least until the lane broke again. 
My friend called the following day and asked to speak to the general manager about the unpleasant experience.  She was told the GM would return her call - she's still waiting. 
Overall, our experience was so disgusting that I don't plan to EVER return to North Bowl.  I hope their complete disrespect to paying, decent customers while catering to clientele who start fistfights serves them well.  I'd rather go to Lucky Strike or the burbs for bowling...it's definitely not a 4-hour drive.Out with a friend a few nights ago, we decided to go to North Bowl, since I utterly failed to get tickets for the Body Worlds II exhibit at the Franklin.  Yes, they're easy to get, and yes, I am an idiot, and yes, my procrastination got the better of me.    Note to self: Do not wait until the last minute to buy tickets for ANY exhibit, anywhere, at any time. It is rarely successful. 
Remembering my Yelp friend Monica's review for North Bowl, I knew there were a few recommendations to remember when I got here. I think the first thing I noticed is that sadly, the vending machine did not have any of the 1950's era, three-dollar "How to Get Along With Girls" booklets in stock, which I really really wanted, because it sounds hilarious. Maybe I can get one from Amazon. Another thing I missed out on is ordering the award-winning Tater Tots (next time for sure)!  I'm not joking - they really have won awards - you'll see!  And the lastly, there was no way I was going to "let her win"...because my friend Michelle is an avid bowler and is more than capable of winning without the slightest bit of my help!  (She won the second of two games).   In the end, it was a really good time. The beer selection is quite nice....not huge, but very good in what they do offer. I would also stick with the popular suggestion of going here during off-peak hours (weekdays/nights). It's not a very big bowling alley, and it's easy to see how it could be packed on a weekend night.  It's also a tad expensive, but who cares - it's not like you're going to bowl here THAT often. It's definitely something fun for a change.This place is fantastic when you can get a lane.
My group waited for several hours one Saturday night and ended up getting too drunk to bowl anyway.  They give you a beeper that buzzes when your lane is free and ours never buzzed, sadly...
Instead, we just played pool on the mezzanine level and chilled on the couches.  There are also some mini private lanes upstairs that can be rented out for private parties.
Star off for the ridiculous waiting times.  Also, the area is a bit scary at night with my friend being robbed at gunpoint while walking home from the lanes (only two blocks).  But don't let that put you off.  If you wanna bowl, bowl!  Don't let a little gun crime stop you.Zack R was so viable to to this location of bowling so happy and Ellie taken care of us so respectfulso you might not think of the north bowl for a wedding venue but i would suggest you reconsider. my mister and i chose this incredible place to get married and have our halloween themed reception there this month. from the moment we met heather and her team we knew we wouldn't be disappointed! they made planning everything so easy and fun and they took care of everything! we rented the upstairs loft for 4hours, the pricing was VERY reasonable for everything that was included... a HUGE delicious menu and drink package, a chocolate fountain and signature "magic cauldron" drink, flower arangements, decorations, linens, lighting, shoe rental, quarters for games, valet service for our guests, security and complete set up and breakdown of everything! and i have to say sooooo many of our guests tod us it was the most fun wedding they have ever been to and we have to agree!!! the staff here really knows customer service and how to go ABOVE and beyond to please! there is honestly not one single thing we would have changed about our wedding at the north bowl (only if we could have made it last foerver! lol) thank you all for making our day BEYOND what we had even imagined! it was just perfect and i know i will always smile every time we reminisce about it! mad love to you all!I like this place I've been here a couple of time and plan on going again.  But if you have a large group you may want to show up a little early to get an aisle.Chill, cool and clean place. Good food, music and people. Good service as well!! Pet friendly as well.So... First I'd like to talk about the tots. I'm currently heading home in a tot coma. There were pizza tots, crab tots, garlic tots, and buffalo tots. #noregrets
Oh and the bowling is great too. It's a fun ambiance and the best nights are when they have a DJ playing in the middle of the lanes. Service is really good and you'll have a waitress come to your lane so you don't have to miss out on the game to grab a drink!
A few downsides are that bowling is cash only, they don't take reservations and there aren't very many lanes. Though, they do have a full bar to hang at while you're waiting for lanes to open up!I don't know where to start, so i'll begin with the ambiance. I'm a big fan of the character of an establishment, and this one has that retro throwback appeal for a bowling alley. After that it goes downhill for me. I wanted to like the place, but there bartenders are assholes! If you have a full service bar you shouldn't tell customers your unwilling to make a drink if it isn't on the establishment menu. While I pondered to myself about what kind of drink I might ask for, I took a little once over inventory of the liquor behind the bar. I can't remember what I asked the lady bartender to make, but it didn't matter because she shut me down emphatically. "If it isn't on our menu we can't make it" Huh, really? I was automatically pissed. Ok, so what I took a mixology course. They tell you a good tip is $1 per drink. They also tell you not to tell customers you can't make a drink. A good bartender will appease the customer, and look up the recipe for a drink. This is a sports bar/bowling alley. Their drinks and menu are underwhelming and that's being too kind. The food is crap. Tater tots are for elementary and middle school.  Finally the bowling experience isn't any better. I still have a coupon for two free games because the lane scoring and ball return were sticking and just simply not working properly.  This happened on two different occasions. I see alot of positive reviews here, but I simply can't relate. I'm not patronizing your business with my money after my experience here. I recommend Lucky Strikes or Facenda Whitaker as they have better lanes and food. Facenda has it's own sports bar Steppy's with an outdoor covered deck with separate entrances.Love this place - friendly staff and good food and beer. Can be tough to get a lane weekend nights, but you can't blame them for being popularWent there last Saturday night for a bday party for my gf.  Unfortunately, you cannot reserve a lane ahead of time, you have to go there and put your name on the waiting list and wait until a lane is available.  I called around 4pm and asked about the wait for a 7pm start time, and I was told "get here as soon as you can" and was there around 5pm (from talking to the staff the normal wait time for a lane on Saturday is 1.5-2 hours).  They really should consider taking reservations with a credit card so you don't have to sit around for hours waiting for a lane to open up.  Another thing, they only allow 7 people to bowl per lane, so if you have more than 7 people in your party, and you go on a Saturday night, you're SOL and some of you are not going to be bowling.
The table for our lane wasn't bused when we got there - there were empty glasses, food, napkins, puddles of liquid, etc. lying around.  Took a bit of time for someone to come over to clean up.  Waitress service is a slow, faster just to go the bar (where there is an equally overworked bartender) and order drinks from there.  The waitress seemed a bit po'ed that some of us got drinks from the bar and not from her.  One of our party ordered a burger from the bar and waited about 30 minutes for it to be served (I guess they had to send the cow to grad school first?)
Unlike other bowling alleys, they charge you per hour, rather than for the lane, so if you have a lot of people in your party, NB is making bank.  Also, since it was a Saturday, we were limited to playing only 2 games, which was a disappointment.  Best time to go seems to be during the week and avoid it on a Friday/weekend (it's also much cheaper during the week).
If you go there before 9, be aware that there are going to be unsupervised kids running around.  Thankfully, no one under 21 is allowed after 9.
The music they played was very good, but a bit too loud, as it was very difficult to carry on a conversation with someone standing next to you.
We couldn't go to the upstairs where the air hockey, pool table and other games are, as there were back-to-back private parties and the entire upstairs was off limits.
The bathrooms were not clean and seemed like they belonged in a municipal sports stadium.  I can't believe a facility as nice and clean as NB would have bathrooms like that.A-Ok. Pretty cool atmosphere and Tots are pretty damn good... I'm going to come back, but I'm pretty annoyed with the fact that on a Saturday afternoon with plenty of lanes open they put 4, 13 year olds in our booth with no parental supervision.  We all felt a bit weird getting drunk in the middle of the afternoon with them literally sitting on our table, I feel bad for the waitress honestly, bc she probably could have made some good tips if the asshole at the front desk didn't make us into camp counselors for the afternoon. My advice, go bowling at night not for a saturday funday drinkfest.Clean, hip, and voted best tater tots.I've been to North Bowl a few times in the past years. Tonight, I came to celebrate my friends 22nd birthday. HAPPY BIRTHDAY CLARE. We come in on a Thursday night, around 7pm. The wait is an hour and a half, which seems to be the norm for bowling these days. It's become so popular. We decide to put in our name and eat while we wait. GET THE TOTS. Any kind is good. Trust me. Our waiter was friendly. The food was good. We enjoyed it. We were eating and having conversation during our wait, which was about two hours. Our time comes to go to the lanes upstairs. We had 6 total people. We had to be split in two groups of 3. But once we reach the counter we were told that a private event is happening upstairs the person at the counter was unaware of, and we can only play one game, and asked if it was alright. I replied that it wasn't, because we waited two hours with the expectation we will be bowling much longer. I asked if we could bowl on the bottom floor, she said yes. Gave us the price of $65 for the 6 of us to bowl, with my assumption that it was for two games. Then we find out it's only one game and it's a possibility we will bowl a second game after we finish our first. The person at the counter was busy so I spotted the manager, Amanda, who was super polite and really helpful. She heard me out and instantly apologized and mentioned that we will get a second game and that she would cover it for us. She didn't have to do that, so to me, it showed her heart in being excellent and keeping great service and understanding for her guests. 
I'd come again, simply because of Amanda and her quick, without a hesitation, willingness to make things right for us, no questions asked.I am a very big fan of North Bowl. They have reasonable prices for a bowling alley in the city, it's clean, and the food/drinks are pretty good.  Usually the wait to bowl isn't too long. The only reason this place doesn't get a five from me is because the last time I was there was for a work function, and they kicked us out ten minutes before our reserved time was up because another party was coming immediately after us. I thought that was a bit tacky...I went to North Bowl for the first time Sunday night for a friend's bday. We got the private lanes upstairs - was definitely a clutch move - the bar was right next to us. I like this place better than Lucky Strikes - drinks are way cheaper as well as the food. The artichoke and cheese dip was banging as well at the tater tots - and $2 cans of Dale's Pale ale never hurts!I have been hitting up this spot ever since it opened a little over 5 years ago.  A bowling alley may seem like a corny spot to go and grab some food & drinks however this place breaks the mold.  The best way to describe it, an upscale loungy bowling alley with plenty of activities to keep you busy if you happen to have to have to wait for a lane.  With 2 full bars (upstairs is large & rounded, my personal preference bc you can overlook 8 of the 16 downstairs lanes, great for people watching) there are pool tables, fooseball, air hockey, dome hockey, as well as several other arcade games.  The music is almost always on point, frequent live DJs which result in the occasional dance party (or attractive servers hoola hooping (Vicki)). 
  The staff has always been super friendly as well as great eye candy!  Not only is there a great liquor and beer selection, the food is better than one would expect.  A Smörgåsbord of tater tots (The "Wake 'n' Bake") are to die for.  Great snack food to fill one's liquored up stomach!  Sliders...thumbs up, fish tacos...delicious (i prefer the fish fried, of course I'm American)!   
  Whenever I have friends in from out of town they always ask me to take them there...it's a great spot to start your night off, and odds are your night will also end here.I have never had a bad experience here. 
I have been here maybe a little over ten times. The prices are not terrible and it is a fun place to go with friends.
I have also celebrated two birthdays here before that were great. 
Getting a lane does take a long time but if you plan wisely you can get one sooner, if not, there is always food, the bar, or arcade games!
Staff is always friendly and accommodatingVery cool spot. Nice atmosphere and many things to do. Pool. Bowling, ice hockey and Pacman machines. Good food too.I love, Love, LOVE the interior of North Bowl.  However, to be ensured a lane, you need to pick an obscure time to go, like on a random Sunday morning after an early brunch in NoLibs.  The atmosphere is very pleasing, but there just aren't enough lanes!
But of course I'll be going back for more, because Nobody fucks with the Jesus.I LOVE North Bowl. We went here for a friends birthday and got a couple of lanes, it was so much fun! There is a limited amount of bowling lanes, so I would recommend making a reservation on a Fri or Sat night. Their food is also positively delicious, albeit extremely terrible for you. It's comfort food that is worth the calories it'll cost you! For center city prices (and compared to the other bowling alternative in center city) it's relatively inexpensive. It comes to about $9 a person to bowl incl. shoes.I really, really love this place. Great bowling, great drinks, great tater tots, great mac & cheese, great games upstairs, great everything! Sometimes the service can be itchingly slow, but I'm usually having too much fun to care.north bowl makes my heart sing. 
air hockey
always a bell's selection on the menu
tater tots - delish
great retro modern decor
plenty of lounging area
photo booth
2-bars in one building - hello?!
love you north bowl.When I first moved to Philly my friend wanted to take me to this bowling alley.  I was not too excited (bowling is not my forte and I could think of a lot of other ways to have a good time). 
But boy was I surprised when I stepped into North Bowl.  You would never know there is such a cool, HUGE, retro-modern bowling alley inside of here.  Even if you don't like bowling this place will make you a convert.
The food is pretty good too:  I love the corn dogs and tots!  I did try the tots with sour cream, cheese, and bacon and was not really a fan of those.  But the basic tots rock!
This used to be my Sunday night spot when they had $2 bowling.  Now $2 bowling has been moved to Wednesday night and for some reason this time slot just seems a little difficult (probably why they offer it lol).  Anyway, North Bowl is good for groups, a date, parties, and just overall good times :-) 
P.S. The upstairs has an AMAZING lounge.  Somehow they managed to have pool, video games, and air hockey up there and still make it feel sexy and grownup.Even with a lengthy wait on my last visit, I've never had a bad time at North Bowl. The hour-plus wait for the lane still didn't kill it, because on Friday at happy hour, it's what you expect. That's why they take reservations. We didn't make one this last  time, but did on a previous group trip and it was super smooth. Call in advance if it's a concern.
I don't worry about hipsters. And if you do, then what are you doing in NoLibs anyway? When I've gone here with friends, I'm focused on our group, the lanes, the pitchers, the tater tots and pretzel bites, the tunes, and if there's a wait, the pool tables. In that order. And it's served me and the different crews I've been with very well -- no matter how bad we all are at bowling. Can't recall anyone not having a blast there. 
Service downstairs has always been fine to excellent on my visits. The upstairs is no problem either because the bar is steps away from your lane. The place is clean, the equipment is in top shape, and it's a very different vibe than your PBR-league bowling alleys. I'm okay with either type, but given a choice, I'll take North Bowl every time (it wins for all the reasons above). And every trip back to Philly, I do. Highly recommended.I visited this bowling alley with my wife and her friends. At first site, i thought i was in a hipster hangout...lots of tattooed youngsters  who were all friendly and helpful. But the crowd that visit this place is very diverse! While waiting for our ally, we sat at the bar and ordered a couple drinks and i ordered the burger with sauteed onions and blue cheese (it was delicious). My recommendation is to reserve an ally early or call ahead. Also, supposedly there is a great groupon or living social deal! As for the bowling ally, we had alot of fun. I recommend checking out the top floor. They have pool tables, a lounge, video games and a second bar.I am not a skilled bowler by any means unless the skill is to get the ball in the gutter because I excel at that.  However, I really enjoyed my Friday evening out here even though I definitely lost the game.  
        The atmosphere as others have mentioned is really cool and retro.    Orange is the dominating color.  The seats around our lane were comfy and sofa like.  They have almost every color of bowling ball available except black, which I found amusing.  There were a couple tables to place your drinks on when it was your turn to bowl.
       I hadn't been bowling since high school, and my memory of a bowling alley is a smelly, smoky dirty place full of teenagers and bad music.  North Bowl looks clean, trendy, has a variety of songs playing, and has waitresses that bring drinks to you lane!  They have actual cocktails too, not just beer, and they are reasonably priced at about $6 a piece. The first cocktail I had was a creamy coffee liquor drink that was delicious!  The name escapes me though.  The second one tasted like cough syrup, and I couldn't even drink it.  It was the Absolute Acai Ginger Martini.  If you hadn't told me that's what it was, I would have sworn it was cold medicine.   Stay away from that.
       It is true that this place is super packed on the weekend.  We had reservations, so they took our large party in quickly to our two lanes that were reserved.  The only thing I didn't like, is that if you want to stay and bowl longer you really can't.  The place is so packed, that once you've played your game, it's time to go.  At least there are a lot of cool places nearby in Northern Liberties, so you don't have to go home just yet!I am a huge fan of North Bowl but I am resorting to my very first Yelp review to include a note about the rudeness and unprofessionalism of North Bowl's private event staff.
I contacted North Bowl to inquire about availability for a private event.  Their website does not include contact information for a designated private event planner (which is unusual), so I followed the instructions and submitted an online inquiry via their website.  I included a note in my first online inquiry (as well as my follow-up online inquiry 2 days later and my follow-up voice message another day later) that I had a limited time frame and was hoping to finalize my event plans immediately.  I finally received a return phone call after 4 days (3 days later than every other venue, including the one I booked with).  I absolutely would expect a more timely response from an event manager who is responsible for coordinating private events (which can cost thousands of dollars), and I told her as much.  I suggested North Bowl list an address for the event manager on their website, to which the employee I spoke with replied (sarcastically) "awesome, we'll take your advice. click".  I waited 4 days for a 15 second phone call and the employee hung up on me.
Fortunately, I had already booked my $3500 event with another venue.  I'm disappointed because at first I actually did want to host my event at North Bowl and I am shocked by the rudeness of the employee I spoke with.  I think basic professionalism would advise against hanging up on customers, particularly those who are interested in spending a lot of money hosting a private event at your establishment.
I will never again attempt to host an event at North Bowl and I will inform others to refrain from doing so as well.  There are hundreds of wonderful venues in Philadelphia, all of which are staffed with professionals who are eager to assist you in planning a lovely event for your guests.  North Bowl is not one of them.This place is so sexy and hip! I'm a DCist and I'm sad to say we have nothing like this. Ultra spacious, sleek, artsy, multifunctional space that is sure to please all. Between the bar, food, lounge areas, pool tables, bowling lanes, and arcade games, you're bound to find something that suits your fancy and remain entertained all evening. The DJ was pretty great, mixing Radiohead, Salt 'n' Pepa, and everything in between. The upstairs bathrooms consist of a row of spacious unisex single bathrooms with large pedestal sinks and two mirrors, which was such a great luxury for a change! We were there late Sunday night, and it seemed like everything cost $2! I guess there were some sort of specials going on. Cheap bowling and tater tots make for a great evening. If only I had any semblance of bowling skills, I could have a good time and still retain my self esteem at the end of the night. Minus 1/2 star for making me feel slightly crappy for sucking it up (too bad if that's not their fault).. and minus the other half for making it absolutely freezing in there on Sunday night! The chicks will dress hotter if you keep it warm, North Bowl! Anyway, I can't wait to return!Great place to bowl but horrible if your expecting great service. We walked and asked to show ID which was not a problem. We sat in the dinning area and watched the waitress completely ignor our presence. We went to the bar to place an order - our order took long and when our food was put in front of the bar tender to serve he let is sit for few minutes before we asked him if that was our order. i could go on but the bottom line is, unless your friends with the servers the service will be horrible. BTW the Tots were good lolRainy cold day in April on our Philly visit...what to do with bunch of tween teens? North bowl! A blast, good old fashion bowling. Great place, good food and cocktails. Pac-Man 4 player, video games, air hockey, etcIf you're craving comfort food, this is your place!!! The best Mac-n-cheese I have EVER had (it's homemade, cheesy and topped with goldfish crackers) - YUMM!!! They offer a variety of flavored tater tots (I suggest Buffalo flavor). My boyfriend says they have the best grilled cheese he has ever had!! Bar is always offering drink specials and all is reasonably priced. Check it out for yourself.I brought about 20 friends to North Bowl for my birthday party.  We all had a real good time.  The servers and the events people did a great job and they kept my people happy.  The lounge upstairs is perfect for hanging out with a large group.  Best of all it's affordable.  Thanks, North Bowl!We arrived Sunday afternoon with 11 people. It was my B-day and my choice. WE ALL HAD A BLAST! We reserved  lanes, ordered some nibble food and cocktails. By far the best Cosmo. Loved the atmosphere, very retro but real. Our waitress Samantha, was so nice and attentive. They have a terrific menu for the spot. We enjoyed the Hummus, tots, pretzels and edamame. Next time we'll try more but we had plans for after. We'll all be back. I highly recommend North Bowl. 
PS. They sell socks there if someone forgets theirs. BRILLIANT!Outside of a bit longer of a wait than expected (which is perfectly fine for a group of 11) North Bowl was hella bomb. Staff is great, food is god, drinks are reasonable. You can play pool, pinball, or 4 person PAC man. My favorite thing was definitely the seating area while we waited for lanes to open up, great opportunity to talk before you get all competitiveI just went there Monday evening for a low key get together with my girlfriends.  This place is absolutely AWESOME!  Granted, I didn't go on a weekend when it seems to be too crowded to move.
They have beer specials all days of the week--and Monday they had $3 craft drafts.  Yes, I was drinking $3 hoegaardens and loving every minute of it.  
The only caveat:  Don't order the pizza taters.  They are not good.  I recommend the bacon, sour cream, chives (basically loaded potato skin) tators and the pretzel bites with cheese!Cool place to bowl and drink. Tots are on point. Waitress was attentive.Quick pop up trip on a Friday night and sat at tiki bar while waiting for a lane.  Drinks were fun and reasonably priced.  It is a good quick date night outing or for a group event.  Games and shoe rentals are cash only.  Really really enjoyed the music.  They played a little bit of everything and for everyone.  The only reason I didn't give them five stars is because the veggie wings were not  appetizing at all; the garlic truffle tots were all that.  Looking forward to my next visit.What a nice surprise! We went with a group, adults/kids; it was such a nice time. The menu is not your typical frozen bowling alley pizza. There is a great variety of items that are super tasty. The atmosphere is great and the staff is super nice. If you bring kids go early, it gets very busy and they do not allow kids after 9p.
We will definitely be back!I'm not too shabby at Wii bowling. Bowling Buddies on Facebook can keep me occupied for hours. But real life bowling...uh, I kinda suck at it. Actually, I really, really suck at it. But that didn't stop me from having a great time at North Bowl with the bestie. 
We went around 6 on a Saturday night and got a lane right away. It was about $30 for 2 games + shoes for the two of us. Much to my delight, the shoes weren't skeevy at all and they spray them down as soon as you return them so you won't get some random foot stink on you.
We ordered some apps (pizza tots and spinach & artichoke dip) to eat while we bowled, but it took a long time to arrive and we were almost done with the second game when they arrived. We were starving so we gobbled it up but both agreed that they were not so hot. 
Just like my bowling game. Yeah, I scored a 38. I should probably stick with electronic sports, but humiliating myself in public is just too entertaining. Consider it my gift to you (hey, it's better than a fruitcake).I really like North Bowl! Their food (tater tots and pretzel bites!!) is awesome and the atmosphere is pretty cool. It gets crowded, but its a great place to do something different on a weekend where you can drink without just standing around in a loud, crowded barIf the option to go to North Bowl or Strikes in Uni City comes up again in the future, I will definitely do the half hour trek out to No Libs for North Bowl.
We took my roomies' bro here and it turned out to be a great call.  We had to wait till 10:30pm because of a private party, but the cool thing was that the bouncer gave us coupons for a free game too.
Second,  I love that they embraced the Big Lebowski's impact on bowling...images of the Dude are plastered all over the place from that iconic movie.  Third, the waitresses were great in bringing our beer pitchers and I really really like the tater tots.  The music selection was also great as it was pretty cool to bowl with Johnny Cash being played over the stereo system.
Definitely a fun place to go for bowling and worth the 20 minute trek from West PhillyWalking to North Bowl from Barcade was an interesting experience -but not relevant here so I digress...
This is a bar/bowling alley with a few games up the top floor (foosball, big buck hunter, pool etc). There weren't any lanes open when we got there, so we were handed a buzzer, got some drinks and went up to play games.
Surprisingly quickly our buzzer went off and we headed up to the counter.
First was shoes. They take ONE shoe when you get your loaners. This is kind of annoying - if they took both, it would be a nice feature, but they don't have the room. Instead, it feels like they don't trust you to return the shoes (they don't).
We were told we had time for 1 game. In the end, we got a second lane for the second game and talked the guy into letting us do a second game.
Great variety of weights for balls. The waitress was really nice and even hung out for a bit giving us advice on late night places (it was already 1:30am). Sure, one was a strip club, one was a place that may not have been. 
Fun place, a tad expensive, but great give (once you get over the shoe thing)I had a great time at North Bowl last night. My date and I showed up a little after 8 with no reservation. They were super apologetic that we would have to wait 10-15 minutes for a lane(completely reasonably, as I said, we had no reservation and it was a Friday night). Luckily they have multiple bars(one inside, one outside with lawn games). We were given a pager and got some delicious cocktails at the bar. 
Less than 10 minutes later our buzzer went off and our lane was ready. We got our shoes and had an awesome time bowling. We had a great waitress bring more drinks to us at our lane, and despite not being serious about bowling, thought all the statistics the advanced scoring system gives you(meaning average points for first bowl, average speed of ball, etc.). And they had a great eclectic mix of music. It was very chill, we didn't feel rushed and it was super reasonable cost-wise. I will absolutely be back!
One tip, paying for the bowling/shoe rental is CASH ONLY(they do have an ATM). However, you can pay for all your alcohol and food with a card.Fun,exciting & out going atmosphere!
Celebrated my husbands 35th B-day party here had a group of about 20- 22 family & friends.  We had a buffet style layout and unlimited call bar drinks for 2hrs.  The Baja fish tacos were excellent among other things.  I reserved 3 lanes and in my opinion space was reasonable,  Everyone had lots of fun & I was happy this place allowed me to bring in an adult themed cake, that BTW everyone LOVED!!! It was definitely a party to remember.
But.........There is a but, My waitress was nice & pleasant but extremely slow, all night it was like where is she???  And not to mention we had someone try and crash our party, thanks Phil!
Overall we had a great time!!! Definitely recommend and we'll be back.Our lane was problematic all night with several malfunctions in the equipment.  We order 3 pitchers of yards pale ale and they did not tell us this was $8 dollars more than there other beers!  So they charged us $20 a pitcher instead of $12 and when we confront the waitress she said, "Oh I didn't think price matter to you".  What are we made of money?  It would have been nice to know.  We just paid our ridiculous bill and left.Great for when you want to get away from the typical bar scene for a night. And any place with a menu that revolves around tater tots and mac & cheese is good in my book. They have a bowling happy hour and great bar specials throughout the week. Service can be a little slow, but at least your bowling!My boyfriend and I come here every once in a while and always have a good time. The bowling is pretty affordable - $5 for shoe rental for each person, and $5 for each person for each game. We also ordered food and drinks. I had an Old Fashioned which was a little weak and water downed but otherwise OK. We ordered the bao buns, Korean chicken tacos, and the hummus. We usually love the bao buns but this time they were lacking in amount of meat and sauce. The Korean tacos were very good. The hummus was a bit too salty and I was disappointed that the "vegetables" were fried in copious amounts of oil. I was looking for something healthy on the menu and hoping for raw vegetables. Overall we'd recommend this place - they have a wide variety of arcade games and the food and drink is pretty good considering it's a bowling alley.I had so much fun at North Bowl on my birthday.  And I loved their tater tots...  
Plus I kicked ass at some air hockey!
If you are just looking to bowl, and not make a night of it, I would suggest going somewhere else, only for the fact that all of the extras there make it a bit expensive in comparison to a regular bowling alley!  
But I did like the experience better than Lucky Strike.Bad service with a bunch of friends. Even worse, the cups that the beer was in was not washed well. I had to ingest soap with my beer. It made me ill. The burger was okay but small. The fries were the best of the lot and they were average. I didn't get to bowl since I didn't feel good after ingesting so much soap. The beer selection was pretty good however. Overall, not a place I would return to.I've never been to a bowling alley where all the rage isn't on the lanes, the drinks or the cocktail waitresses, but moreso on the tots... tater tots, that is.  The menu hosts approximately 10 different ways to get your tots... Spanish style, crabby, disco (not sure about those tots), wakin'-bacon, you get the point.  It was a real difficult tasks to decide on the tots that were right for me; I kept think of Napoleon Dynamite putting tots in his pants pocket and the bully smushing them!
But aside from the food, this is a great place to get your center city bowl vibe on without having to actually go into center city.  In fact, I'd pick this place over Lucky Strike any day.  It gets crowded, but there's tons of space to grab a drink, bowl a little, lounge around if need be (in the lounge) and get your tot-on.  The overall design is very industrial meets techno and I totally dig it.I love's me some North Bowl. This place blows chain Lucky Strike in Center City out of the water! The atmosphere is wonderful. A bunch of lanes, really nice lounge area with Mies van de Rohe chairs, and an awesome menu.
On week days the have all different bowling leagues, dedicating certain nights to certain professions, eg. Monday is Marketing Night. So in addition to bowling, the serve as spot for professional networking. Sweet!Bowling was fantastic but we waited 2.5 hours for a lane on Saturday. I'm not so sure about the food....the fried green tomatoes were terrible, but the seitan wings were good. Although they have vegetarian side dishes and appetizers there isn't much in terms of hearty meals for vegetarians.Great place. Staff are helpful, bathrooms are clean and food is great. Just wish it was a little cheaper or offered maybe a happy hour.You wanna do everything fun adult activit yat the same time?? Well north bowl is it. This place gets crowded at times but it's a good time. Nice staff,  good drinks and I can beat my wife in a game of pool. The food is meh, your average bar food.Great spot for a birthday party, taking teenage nephews out or even a date night. The tater tots are BANGING! It's a shame it's pretty pricy during the weekend but they do have specials during the week. 
There's plenty of room to hang out or grab drinks or play foosball you wait for a lane.So fun! Great combination of bar, bowling, food, billiards and blast-from-the-past feeling. We went on a Thursday night. A few lanes were available first-come, first-served, so we took our beeper over to a table and sampled some drinks and munchies while we waited. There's a whole section of the menu devoted to tots with various toppings...hooray! But their other food is great as well. I had a very good soup and some veggie empanadas. Just as we finished up our food, our buzzer went off and we bowled 2 games while the wait staff kept up nicely on our drink orders. There was a two-game maximum, or else we would have stayed all night. The whole gang agreed we will definitely be back. 
Check out the vending machine with candy cigarettes, retro candy and toys. Too fun!Yay North Bowl! Two best parts: margaritas and tater tots. Yum. Bowling's not bad either. If you plan on bowling, definitely bring cash. You can use cards for food & drink, but not for bowling which is a little annoying. They get REALLY crowded on weekends, and there's usually a wait, but there's a decent amount of room at the bar if you just want to hang out. They have a photo booth and a vending machine that sells games and moustaches. It's a little hipster-y at times, but every time I've been here I've had a lot of fun. Just be prepared to deal with crowds and definitely bring cash.
And seriously: MARGARITAS AND TATER TOTS. What more can you ask for?I can honestly say, I did not expect AT ALL what I walked into going into North Bowl. I expected a kind of dingy christmas lights still hanging, musty little bowling alley. Uh what, COMPLETELY wrong on all counts here. This place is incredible. Done & Done.
I met a friend here one night, which later turned into 5+ more friends meeting us here. I was given shoes and added onto the next game, completely comped. Is that not good enough? Let's keep going then, the tots have been beaten up with compliments - but really, they deserve it! Alright next, the photo booth! If you're lucky to get lane 13 like my group, you can keep bowling and take pictures- then bowl again and wait the 5-7 minutes for your pictures to pop out! 
The staff is great, the place is clean clean clean, food is delicious and your beer is brought to you by the pitcher as you do your lucky dance down the lane for that strike (okay, or the gutter ball- it's all acceptable in my book).We went on a Wednesday when the price for bowling and shoe rental was cheaper. The wait was very long. Service wasn't great, but it wasn't awful. Tater tots were very good! Employees were generally pleasant and helpful. Good place for groups, but be prepared to wait.Last time I was here I bowled my first turkey. Possibly the best game I ever bowled. I left pretty satisfied. Although I was there on a Mon night so they closed early, I kinda wanted to stay longer, next time I guess. They have a good selection of beer, and every one always tells me about how good the tater tots are. I will get them next time I swear. If you look closely when you walk in, there is a Big Lebowski script signed by dif stars of the movie.Nice.  I prefer the smaller upstairs lanes near the dj booth; it's cozier.  Bonus points for free late night shots of wild turkey, gratis from the owner.  When you first walk in there is a tiki bar theme going on... which I don't really understand. Otherwise, this is a sweet little bowling spot that thankfully does not yet reek of stale beer and wet shoes.Really fun atmosphere! Came here on a Thursday night at 9 with a group of 10 to bowl. It was a really different but fun night out! Drink options are good and the prices were really reasonable. You can buy socks if you forgot yours, like I did for only $2. The place was really big. It is also fun because you can message other bowling lanes, we had a ton of fun writing messages. I would definetly recommend it as a fun night out with a group of friends.I'd give North Bowl 5 stars if it wasn't for some of their employees.  Our waitress was fantastic, and so were some of the servers/bussers, but the guy behind the counter was so terrible that I almost left, even though we had more than ten people with us.    Honestly, I'm just not into feeling bad about myself for not knowing exactly how things work.  If it's cash only, and I hand you my credit card, don't say, "First of all, we only take cash" in the snottiest voice you can muster.  If I ask how much it is a person, don't say, "I don't know." I mean, come on. Also, after asking if some of our friends could pay separately, don't say no but then let the people behind us do it.  We are there to use your service, and buy food and drinks (which we got a TON of of).  Sorry if that puts you out.  This was all after I had called a few days before and I was told that I couldn't make a reservation, and then people there obviously had them.  
It's just a shame, because it's a cool spot with great food and half the staff or more is totally lovely.  I just happened to have a few crappy experiences which put a damper on what should have been a good night.   I wouldn't go there again with more than one or two other people.I dig this place, it's huge, has a great beer selection and lots of room to hang out.  One day i hope to get a chance to actually Bowl here...Decent place to bowl if you have a reservation for a lane.  I will say I was only there once but the service was awful and I doubt I'll return.  Nice place, clean, roomy, but awkward with the way it's laid out and the service alone was bad enough that I'll likely not return.I have been here twice and love it.  Everything about this place is amazing: the decor, the bowling, the food (I had the Greek tacos), and the drinks.
The cost of bowling is reasonable (I think, I don't bowl too much) and the food and drinks are pretty cheap (especially for the quality of the food).I used to have a strict policy about eating and bowling at the same time (you don't know what's in those holes).  Enter North Bowl.  R.I.P. Strict Policy.
You can try to wash your hands after each frame in order to enjoy the fabulous tot offerings, but chances are your bowling buddies will have devoured them all by the time you return.  Not worth it.  
Personal faves - the Pizza, Baker and Wakin N Bacon.
The menu actually has plenty of fresh, healthy options as well, but I usually can't be bothered with them.  Plus I think bowling hole germies might stick harder to unfried vegetables.  At least that's what I'm going with.This place is pretty cool, it looks good and has a good vibe for a bowling alley.  This would have been 4 or 5 starts but we went there Thursday night and there was awful service.  When we asked to bowl the guy said 2-3 hours to wait.  That wasn't that bad, but what was bad was the attitude we got since I showed my out of town license.  Even my buddy who is local was pissed at this.  The bar was good, which salvaged the 3 stars and the drinks were reasonably priced.  All in all this would be a great place if the attitude was dropped.I cannot overemphasize how well I am treated every time I go to North Bowl. Wouldn't go anywhere else. The blackened tofu sandwich is amazing and I'm not even a vegetarian. Great downstairs and upstairs bars. The regulars are great and the staff is unforgettable. Great music. Much love. Vivan Los Foxeros!forget about bowling on a weekend night unless you wait for hours or somehow get lucky.  but everything else there is worth the trip.  pool tables games and the food. try the tator tots!Best bowling spot in the city. Try to reserve a lane in advance as wait times can be up to three hours! Yes three hours. But plenty of other things to do there ie. pool and arcades. Tator tots there are awesome.Last weekend we held the rehearsal dinner for our son and now daughter-in-law. Many of our wedding guests were from out of town, so we ended up with almost 100 people for this pre-wedding party.  
We rented the upstairs loft.  From the start, the event planning staff were nothing but helpful and accommodating by tailoring our party to within our budget and suggesting different menu selections.
On the day of the party the servers and bar staff were phenomenal.  Everyone raved about the food, of which there was no shortage.  We had guests from 3 years old to 85 and everyone had fun bowling, shooting pool and playing the arcade games.
I would highly recommend North Bowl if you have to plan a fun event for your business or family.Sooo I can't comment on the bowl, because our 1.5 hour wait had us capped out at 2 and we left after a decent meal and some brews. I expected the wait, as we called ahead of time, but it was still definitely a bummer. How you judge bowling times is beyond me, though so how you gonna hold a grudge? As far as the food we had, their fried buffalo chicken  tacos were very tasty (anything with kimchi grabs my attention) and their bao buns weren't too bad. I've only now had a few of the latter, and their buns weren't quite as fluffy as I like. It came topped with steak, coleslaw,  and a sauce that was a little too sweet for my liking, but it was still a decent bite, especially for the price.  The tap list is decent for what it is.. a bowling alley. So go, maybe plan ahead a little better, have some patience, grab some grub, and hopefully I'll be upping the stars on this spot soonI reserved the 4 upstairs lanes for my husband's surprise 30th birthday on 6/13
Location - we took the train down, and it was a super-easy shot from the Norristown Transportation Center - took the HSL to 69th, and MFL to Spring Garden - less than a 1/2 mile walk from there! Free parking is find-able, and all our guests found a place within a half mile as well - most of the free parking seems to be up on the corners of 2nd and Germantown.
Service - pretty much everyone was late because of Phillies/weekend traffic. They held the food until everyone was there, and gave us a FREE HALF HOUR at the end of the reservation to help out! How kind! The girl running the show was attentive and clear and helped pack up all the leftovers for our guests and us to take home! Which we did because the food was SO GOOD! Before the party, they handled every little tweak to the plans I threw at them - even changing the signage to say it was someone else's birthday party, haha!
Food - Got the Asian Wings, Truly Med, Chicken Cheesesteaks, Fish Tacos, Sliders, and Cheesecake Bites. Everything was fantastic. The Fish Tacos, Hummus, Asian Wings and the Cheesecake got the most cheers from our guests.
Ambiance - the music was really loud, BUT - very well selected (think independent labels vs bubble gum pop) and had a great vibe, and I was expecting the volume. The decor was really cool, and the buffet was all decked out! And we got 1/2 the bar to OURSELVES, ha.
Bowling - had some technical difficulties with the lanes, but we were there to have fun, not compete, so it didn't faze anyone. I can't say we even bothered to say anything - I'm sure if we had, they would have corrected it!
Drinks - I didn't pay for an open bar - it was cash. Very expensive, but in line with  city prices. I ordered a Long Island for myself and it was 13.75$ But it was SUPER-strong. I am a lightweight, but can usually handle 1 Long Island with food.... but this one very nearly did me in =@
Overall - even though we were all late, and the traffic getting into the city was a stand-still most of the time, it was a huge success thanks to North Bowl! My husband was glowing the rest of the weekend, and many of our guests have emailed me thanking me for throwing the party and inviting them - saying what a great time they had, how good the food was, and how fun it was at North Bowl!
HUGE HIT! We had guests from their mid-twenties to mid-sixties, and literally everyone had a fantastic time.We had a great time here!  We grabbed a Living Social coupon for two games and tater tots... we didn't make a reservation early enough and ended up waiting FOREVER for a lane.  HOWEVER- we passed the time drinking surprisingly delicious cocktails in both the nifty bars, and then ordered vegetarian buffalo wings (they had vegetarian buffalo wings!!!).  We ended up getting the lane before the wings came, and the waitress found us and brought them to us.  Tipsy bowling is a great idea, and I can't wait to do it again, especially on one of their discount nights!Love this spot! Have been going since opening day. Awesome spot to hang out with friends, have food, have a beverage, bowl, hear good music from a live DJ, shoot some pool, play pinball...it's all here!!! Can't wait to come back!Awesome place, good vibes and a great deal on wed nights. $2 games. Only thing that sucks is that there's usually a wait and it's only a 2 game max that's why I'm gonna have to give it 4 stars. Also it's cash only and they put an ATM at the front which is a real sleazy move if you ask me. Everyone should accept cards in today's business worldClearly an adult bowling spot but the kids and I had fun! Food was ok as well. Our server was very nice! Can't beat free refills on sodas, I had a ginger and whisky contain, not too strong, not too watered down. Over all a good experience. Will definitely come back with friends or my children again.North bowl is the perfect place to go if you have friends come and visit.  Who doesn't like bowling and who doesn't especially like drinking while bowling.  It's a cool spot with good service.  I live down the street and it's not a place I frequent, but when I do go I always have a good time.  They also usually have some good drink specials, and fattening food that will soak up any alcohol.Super groovy, dude! I love this bowling alley.
When I first came here, I couldn't believe how big it is inside. There are two floors, each fully equipped with lanes and a giant bar. Waiters and waitresses come around to take orders at the lanes, which is great.
The atmosphere is awesome. It has a totally retro chic vibe: the music, the lighting, the graphics, the arcade games--they nailed it. It's a very relaxing place, and great for hanging out with friends. 
The reason I have to deduct a star is the wait. The second time I came here, there was a two hour wait to bowl on a Saturday night, and you can't make a reservation! The prices are also pretty steep. 
That said, I know I'll be back. It's just such a fun time. Besides, nothing feels quite as good as a drunk strike!Loveeee this place!! if you go you have to try the greek tacos! they are to DIE for!! this place is always clean and bright so you can see what's going on.. after 9pm I think it is you have to be 21 to enter! the arcade upstairs is also really cool and there are 2 bars one down stairs which is more like an actual bar not a bowling alley atmosphere! the prices are AMAZING and I just love this place...def a must for those who like to eat bowl and drink ;)Well...come to Philly to visit friends and it's the worst ever. We come and get a pager because it's a 15 minute wait for a lane. We sit in the bar and order 4 drinks and tater tots. After waiting 15 minutes and being well into our first game...still not tots.  it's certainly not that busy and so the server FINALLY approaches us with this nasty attitude as if we owed her something. The tots have been sitting in the back and now ready to be bought to put table. Sooooooo they were ready but she was not available to bring them. Against our better judgement we still order another round of drinks as well as MORE FOOD! We have now waited for atleast 30 minutes and guess what? No chicken wings and tater tots. We see the server...finally to flag her down and she blows us off by running from us yelling "I'm going to check now". She now comes back with semi warm food and an attitude. She's slamming the plates down so we ask for a manager. The manager is very apologetic but that's about it. He asks if we want another round and places the order. So we forget about it...ok not ok but it'll do when it comes to the service being absolutely not acceptable. (SPEAKING FROM ME BEING A BARTENDER -- who always tips a minimum of 20% regardless of service)... soooooo... we get our check and we pay but guess what? NO CHANGE. We have overpaid our bill $10 and she never comes back with the change. We're literally enjoying conversation so much and catching up with out friends from Philly that we don't realize that the change has now not come back and they are closing. She (the server) comes back to clean the table and no change. We ask was going to bring the change back and she says "how much did you want back" I'm over it at this point. Who asks that? (Typically, you either ask when picking up the bill do you want change and/or bring all of it back and allow the customer to tip you accordingly) She now has an even bigger attitude and starts to slam the dishes in front of us. (Why?) we wait another 15 minutes for us to actually get the change in hand. Bottom line....thee worst experience ever. We won't be back. Thank you.Don;t bother trying to bowl here. The lines are too long and the prices are steep. 
BUT, the second floor with pool tables, fooseball and another full bar are not a bad idea for fun night. Just avoid the brutal see and be seen atmosphere on the first floor.Ahhh I love this place.  Bowling, pool, foosball!  Not enough places have foosball these days.  Not to mention the food is cheaply priced but delish.  Clearly the tots are famous, but I also really enjoyed the grilled cheese and tomato soup.  Mmm mmm.Great cocktails, fun outside and inside games and very very clean for a bowling alley. I think this has to be the best bowling place in PhiladelphiaFirst of all, you can't go wrong with the food here.  The tots are all great, and the servers in the bar area are top-notch.  Well priced and cold beer.  Awesome.
However, if you want to bowl on a Friday/Saturday night, you better be a grand master in practicing stoicism.  My tale begins thusly:  Myself and seven of my closest compatriots arrived at around 6 PM on Saturday.  I walk up to the bowling shopkeeper and ask for two of their finest lanes.  She looked at me with eyes heavy with weight of a thousand burdens, as she furiously scrolled through the scheduling machine.  "It will be about two hours."  She finally stated.  With ample tots and beer, two hours can feel like twenty minutes, so I said that was fine.  We carved out a nook in the bar area and proceeded to imbibe on all the tots/beer we could handle (which is a lot).
After two hours, I went to check on our lanes.  Surely we would be close, with a two game max on the weekends I expected turnover to be somewhat predictable.  That, it turns out, was a lie.  My eyes dancing with the hopes of throwing round objects at great speeds, I asked the staff where we stood in the queue.  Again, she looked forlorn, her eyes sunken by some unseen force, she had a pained expression as she explained it would be another hour.
OKAY fine, another hour.  We had invested so much (thanks to my friend for explaining the sunk cost fallacy), and I was steadfast in my desire to bowl.  So we waited.  You can at this point ascertain as to what happened next.  
After an hour, I came back.  I believe the situation had rendered one of the women speechless, she did not meet my eyes.  Lamely explaining that it would be another hour AT LEAST.  My eyes filled with tears as my dreams of bowling were dashed upon the rocks of reality.  This hipster hellscape where you can WATCH people bowl, but never partake in the practice.  Broken and defeated, I retrieved my ID and left the premise.  Somewhat less than I was before I entered.  Will I return?  No, most certainly no, and I hope the hellions responsible for this establishment realize that they are mere snake oil salesmen, hocking the promise of bowling for nothing but eternal waiting.Definitely worth the trek to Northern Liberties! Celebrated a friend's birthday here last month with about 20 people. It was easy to reserve lanes. The staff was super cool and nice. Great music for a fun night of bowling. Much more laid back and relaxed when compared to lucky strikes - I did not feel the need to wear heels and spend $12 on a fancy drink. We drank cheap pitchers of beer and had a great night!NLNA did their annual Northern Liberties Winterfest this past weekend at North Bowl. It was $15 for unlimited drinks, food, and "bowling". I put bowling in quotes cause they kicked us off the lane after one game - when the people we shared the lane with got to play 3?
Anyway, this is a large venue, probably around 15 lanes, in Northern Liberties. It's right at the heart of the neighborhood. When we arrived we were greeted at the door and checked in. They had a big selection of baskets for a raffle which some awesome prizes from restaurants from all over the neighborhood.
We grabbed shoes and joined a couple that had just finished a game. The atmosphere was very welcoming and fun. As we were putting on shoes the waitress came up and took our drink order. There were limited choices to wine and about 5 beers but I settled on the PBC Winter Wunder (which is tasty).
The bowling alley itself is very modern with a tablet style lane monitor. It was very easy to add our names to the bowling list. There are ton of styles and weighs in balls (lol) so you should be able to find one that suits you. 
They put out a bunch of food including tater tots, mini sliders, mac and cheese, and ceasar salad. The tots here are AMAZING -hot and crispy. I'd avoid the mac and cheese. The goldfish are funny but the batch I had tasted GROSS and metalish -never again. I looked back over at the lanes after we got cut off and it was a bunch of kids (-_-) so I wish we could have had one more game.
I didn't win any raffles and the bowling got cut short but all and all this was a great event. I'd recommend getting here right on time next year. Otherwise, I hope to check out North Bowl again and try some of their tots dressed up in their crazy seasonings.I'd have to say, every time I visit North Bowl, it's a good time. My most recent visit was on my birthday and it was definitely the perfect place to ring in 26! From the moment I got there the staff was great and gave some nice things for the bday celebration! Definitely try the tots if you're grabbing some snacks and if you're going on a Saturday, prepare to wait for a lane!North Bowl fits perfectly in the up-and-coming Northern Liberties neighborhood. While working as an Intern at a major brewery this past summer, I visited North Bowl on a sales call. 
I was BLOWN AWAY by how cool the place looked. North Bowl nailed the "vintage bowling" atmosphere, from the "vintage candy machine" to the "random pieces of vintage furniture" to the "tater tots" that accompany every meal. 
Be sure to visit on at Wednesday or Sunday for: $2 Bowling, $2 Shoes, $2Tater Tots and $2 PBR (everyday low price).Bowling, beer and good food...who could ask for anything more!  NorthBowl is a great place if you want to go bowling or just grab a few drinks.
Charlene, John, Patty and the rest of the crew do a great job and are always friendly and helpful.I have been here a bunch of times with coworkers and friends, but I only recently discovered the late night deal on Wednesdays and Sundays. $2 games and shoe rentals after 9pm! AND $2 Tater tots! What more could you ask for? I can't remember the last time I spent only $4 on any activity. But the best part is, if there's a long wait for a lane, you can entertain yourself with pool, air hockey, and tons of other arcade games. It's right down the street from a ton of bars and restaurants in Northern Liberties, so you'll have plenty to do before and after. I highly recommend to all groups. I need to check out South Bowl soon!In college, my senior class celebrated during Senior Week here. We paid an insanely low amount for a full open bar, food, and unlimited bowling from 8-12. This was a fantastic place with a great lounge, great bowling (loved the animated screens), great bar, and super friendly staff all around. 
I can't believe I hadn't heard of this place before! It's definitely going on my list of favorite places. It's a little classy but still down to earth and fun for a large party.What would make me drop my review so much? How about the inability for me to ever actually bowl here?
I've been to North Bowl three times, and although the ambiance is still there, I really just want to bowl. Is that seriously so much to ask?
I called about a month ago hoping to reserve some lanes for my birthday. They told me that they do not allow reserving lanes in December. Ok, weird, but fine. 
I show up with 15 friends after talking up this place for weeks, and we are told there is a three plus hour wait. THREE hours?! I have 15 people with me from outside the city and you want me to wait over three hours for lanes I tried to reserve a month ago?
I understand this place is popular. But in the three times I've come to bowl, I have only bowled once. Last time, we were told there would be a two hour wait. After two and a half hours of waiting we left. I wasn't about to have my friends wait four hours to roll a ball down an alley.
I'm seriously disappointed in this place. All I wanted to do was go bowling with some of my friends and they continue to make this nearly impossible.Meh.  This place has changed.   It's probaby fun for a night out of bowling every once in a while.  Be prepared to deal with people though.  You know, "people."  Trendsters and hip kids, or at least ones who think they are.  I probably won't be back. 
J D's review is my new favorite but I think it's temporarily blocked.  Try this:  http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=GTq_fbLiSYrvE4cBV7Rr4wUpdate: after writing my initial Yelp review, I received a phone call from Leemor at North Bowl who expressed her sincere apologies for the difficulties I encountered trying to book a private event and for the rash behavior of their very rude employee.  Frankly, I was surprised to hear anything from North Bowl at all, but Leemor was very polite and professional and really wanted to right the wrong by offering some free bowling, food and drinks the next time I wanted to come into North Bowl.  She emailed me right after our phone call with her contact information so I could reach out to her to take advantage of this offer.  I very much appreciated the follow-up and Leemor's sincere effort to rectify the situation.  That said, I wish I had received a phone call from someone as capable and well-mannered as Leemor when I was initially trying to book my private event, and I hope North Bowl devises a better system for booking private events (and perhaps teaches its employees some basic telephone etiquette too!).  In light of my conversation with Leemor and her polite, professional and timely response to my customer service complaint, I would consider booking a private event here in the future.This is the best bowling alley I've ever been to.  Although it is a bit pricey ($5 to $6 a game), it's worth every penny.  This is the most unique bowling alley you will find in the city.  When you get a strike, clips of old PBA professionals performing celebratory dances will appear on your monitor.
The music is fantastic.  You will hear a great mix of soul, 80's and rock.  If they held some sort of late night soul/bowling party I would assume I've died and gone to heaven.  The interior just blows me away.  Lots of exposed brick, antiques from the olden days of bowling and really cool Big Lebowski artwork.
The selection of beers is nothing to write home about.  If I could, I would give the service ten stars.  The girls are extremely fast and attentive.  Plus, they are all extremely cute and hipsters, which I'm a total sucker for ("Oh, I see you're wearing cool nerdy glasses, will you marry me?")
They have pool and video games on the 2nd floor, which is a nice little change-up if you're done with bowling.  I've been here when there were multiple parties going on and they seemed to be well taken care of.  I would definitely entertain the idea of throwing a party here in the future (Yelp event anyone??).
One more thing...They have tater tots on the menu!  I feel like I'm back in 3rd grade at the lunch table, deciding which person to hit with spitballs!  If you're looking for a welcome change from the typical bowling experience, this is it.One of my favorite places to hang out in philly. The atmosphere is really cool, the music is good, the bowling is awesome, the food is really really good, and there is plenty to do while you wait to bowl.
PROS:
-good atmosphere
- great service
- good food (typical bar finger foods)
CONS: 
-it is always crowded here. But that's because it's so awesome
- for some reason the bathrooms here are consistently smelly, no matter when I go, it's always super stinky
-they only take cash, but there is an ATM on premises
TIPS:
-put in for a lane as soon as you get there. This place packs out fast, there arent a lot of lanes, and unless you want to wait all night to bowl, you should reserve a lane immediately.
- there is a game floor, a photo booth, a lounge area and a bar, so while you are waiting for a lane there are plenty of fun things to do
- if you or anyone in your party is under the age of 21, its best to go BEFORE 9pm. They do card and you won't be allowed in.
- this isnt a place you want to do solo. This a a great spot to bring your pals or your boo.
- get...the...tater tots. That is all.Bowling right in my neghborhood word up! Fun, good for parties and late night fun. They have some good bar food too. Tater tots, sliders hell yea!We had our company "Holiday" party here yesterday. The place was filled with great energy, great food, and the service was ready for our every need. 
The food was way better than your average bar food. The salad was exceptional and the lobster mac and cheese was really to die for and the famous tater tots.  There was something for everyone, pool tables, game machines, bowling of course and terrific lounge areas for sitting and chatting. I highly recommend North BowlI'm ambivalent about this place. 
CONS:
Service is sub-par & staff can be rude.
It's always really busy.
A bit expensive.
PROS:
The atmosphere is nice. 
The vegetarian Wings are really good.
I have been here several times, and the service is sub-par. The bar upstairs takes forever to get a drink and the people working in the front are typically rude, above and beyond what one might expect for such a busy place.
However, the bar downstairs is usually better staffed--it is bigger--and if you have a table the service is fine.I went out last night and ordered a drink. I took 1 sip and it was disgusting. I asked the bartender that served me if I could get a different drink. She told me" sorry we do not  do refunds" I was furious because I wasn't asking for a refund. Anyway I ordered another drink but I deftly did not tip her.The owners of this place really know how to run a business. It is just so well put together in every way compared to basically every single bowling alley I've ever been to. They got good specials, nice lanes, wide open space, a good bar, great atmoshphere, waitresses and bussers that come to your lanes, and GOOD music. It has a freaking cellphone charging station! The people that work there were actually nice! It was clean! It was like being in a bizarro bowling alley.
The software on the lanes is really cool too. It is interactive and lets you chat with other lanes, shows detailed statistics, and has social integration with Facebook.
The food was probably good if you aren't a healthy eater like I am. Because of that I wasn't very impressed with the menu or what I ate, but I rarely am. I guess it's a little bit better than what you'd expect from any bowling alley really. The prices were reasonable.Ok what can I say- I like this place. Sure the bowling is super overpriced and it has sort of a cheesy hipster feel to it, but the drinks are cheap ($10 pitchers of Yuengling), the cavernous space means you're not yelling at the person next to you to carry on a conversation and there's actually spots to sit. There's usually a "2 hour wait" on weekends for a lane but grab a few cheap drinks and pull up a chair. The 2 hours will fly by. I would definitely recommend this place..Great place! the food was delicious and absolutely pocket friendly! There was actually an hour & a half waiy in order to bowl but the time flew. Once our lane was available, we were told we could take our food with us from the bar. No one brought it over and once we brought it to the bartenders attention, he immediately made sure we had a fresh meal. The screen is a little difficult to understand while trying to get started with the game. Other than minor issues my fiance and i had a wonderful time and we will be coming back very soon.This place is so cool! Fanciest bowling ally I have ever visited. The food is great! They are famous for their tater tots and I can definitely see why. We tried about 5 different ones and they were all wonderful. The food service was also great. Unfortunately, it took a really long time to get checked in and our lane kept breaking, but they fixes both issues in a somewhat timely manner.Do your self a favor and don't even go to North Bowl.
Poor service, poor lanes always broke. Poor all around.I live in NoLibs so I come to North Bowl often but I had to review my experience from this past Sunday afternoon because it really rubbed me the wrong way and hope it will be fixed for the future customers.
I walk in with 3 friends and walk up to the front desk (with no line) to get a lane. the girl at the front desk, "Sunny" greeted us with "THERE'S AN HOUR AND A HALF WAIT." with this smirk on her face. Um... hello to you too! We said that's fine can we put our name in. She said actually a lane just opened up, so we bowled only two games (because she said that was the max we were allowed to book at the time). Hm... weird we just had an hour and a half wait but magically something opened up? But I didn't question her.
2 more friends decided to join us later in the day, she also greeted them with a "THERE'S AN HOUR AND A HALF WAIT" and we said that's fine we'll wait! we waited, got a lane and then we said how many games can we book and she said 2, and we said okay we'll do 2, she rolled her eyes and said "sure whatever you guys want" with such an attitude! i was so disturbed i said "forget it, we just want one!" because i just wanted to leave at that point.
i've been really interested in joining a bowling league here but if it means having to deal with someone like her, who clearly hates her job and customers, i don't think i want to.Cool place but the lanes suck. The pins wouldn't recycle after your turn and it took awhile to get someone to fix it. I get when it's the evening but it was the middle of the day in Sunday.I came to North Bowl for the third time this past Saturday because it was both hot and rainy out, and my SO and I were trying to find something (indoors) to do with our visiting friends. There was a 40 minute wait to bowl, so we played a few games of pool in the upstairs arcade instead (and now I'm inches closer to my goal of becoming an eventual pool shark!)
Great things about North Bowl:
-Free shoe rental with your yelp check in! (which everyone in the party can do)
-Arcade games upstairs (which you can play while you wait)
     -Pool ($2 per game) - 
     -Air Hockey ($1 per game) 
     -Also other games I was less interested in (foosball, shooter games, etc.) 
-Tots! (I know that they're not healthier than french fries, but I like to trick myself into thinking 
  that they are because they're so cute!)
-They also have other food/drink items on the menu, though I'm not entirely sure what they are. 
Not as great things about North Bowl:
-Cash only (@$6 per game per person)Simply put - the best bowling alley period.   For about 15 months,  my house was dubbed "Lane 14" seeing it was on the other side of the wall from lane 13.  Myself and the rest of our neighborhood posse made this place home and everyone def knew your name.   We bowled 1 of every 15 times we went there but got drinks and food 100% of the time.   The bartenders are amazing (you know who you are!) and the place is filled with good people, good music, good food, good ambiance and is in the middle of the best neighborhood in Philly.  Needless to say, we miss the neighborhood since moving back to California.I have been a few time to play Bowling at North Bowl and each time was great. I like the idea that you can drink and play in the same time.  The screens for each aisle are nice and the environment is overall very enjoyable. I liked that I can also play pool and other games when done with bowling. The prices are pretty reasonable. I was a little disappointed with the service in general as I find the waiter/waitress not very helpful and nice.I love this spot. I try to only go on the cheap nights (used to be weds and Sunday, now just weds) because I'm not filthy rich and this place can get expensive. Aside from that though, the staff is always awesome, the food is good, they have 2 pool tables and 2 bars AND the video game Big Buck Hunter or whatever. All in all, it's a pretty cool place with good vibes and good people.I love this place the food is good i love the pool tables and bar area. The drinks are ok and the servers are always good to me so thumbs upOk, although I have been here a few times for company events and with friends - I took for granted that it's a bowling alley and really didn't need a review.  I was wrong.  I returned on New Year's Eve 2013.  I was somewhat apprehensive, because I though it might be over run with a younger "hipster" crowd, but I was wrong - what was i thinking - they were out doing what younger folks do on NYE...LOL
I can see from other reviews that the staff can be a bit rude and I have to say I didn't experience that on previous visits or this one.  My waitress was attentive and the groups of people that were gathered for NYE were friendly and all there to have a good time.  We had issues with the lane during our games and the staff quickly resolved the problem. 
The food was good and Yes - I had the tater tots (Delicious).  Everything else from the music, retro photo booth and the bar to hang out after you finish bowling is cool.  
Suggestion:  make sure you sign-in for a lane when you go and bring good energy and maybe the staff will reflect that back and you will have a super fun night!!Reserved 6 lanes for a party of 40 for a Happy Hour event 2 months in advance, and arrived to discover they had double-booked us for the latter half of our event. We had to free up 2 lanes for the team that came in, and we couldn't start games until exact groups of 7 had arrived and paid their share. That made things a bit difficult, and also, they only took cash and each person had to pay individually vs. paying for an entire lane at once, which ended up taking forever and cutting into our bowling time. Employees were understaffed and frazzled, but at least the tater tots lived up to the hype. +1 star for the check-in offer though (free shoes with a yelp check-in!)How can you not love a place that has tater tots, cheap beer, and a photo booth? That is a recipe for success, my friends. I always have a great time, and I don't even like bowling.
Pretend you're 12 (or 70?) and have a birthday party here. Then, when everybody's drunk and bowled-out, head over to 700 Club for a dance party.
The Lauren abides.Trendy bowling lanes and a overall great time. They have the best assortment of Tater Tots in Northern Liberties!The atmosphere is ok, but the customer service is subpar. There was no cashier available and numerous employees completely disregarded me. When a cashier arrived, the cashier appeared to be a bit high or intoxicated. It was a bad customer service experience.I really enjoy North Bowl. The one con i do have is the waiter/waitress service. At times when it's not packed but there are a good amount of people it can take a while to receive food and the bill. One time we walked out and got down a few blocks before the waitress caught up and said we didn't pay when she's the one who took a while to give us the bill after she saw we were getting ready to leave and she already cleaned up our dishes. We thought she forgot about us but paid her of course. Other than that the food and drinks are good and it's great for dates or groups of friends and family. Best part are the tator tots and the $2 bowling.Used to live in a crappy apt across the street and started dating my ex here but I won't hold that against them. It's a fun, trendy place for a fri or saturday night. Much less pretentious than Lucky Strike. And cheaper. The tater tots and the mac & cheese are pretty tasty as well.  
Every now and then they have a Monday night open bar event through philly2night.  Surprisingly, it really is free.  Totally worth the raging hangover at work on Tuesday.  
If you live in center city, it can be a pain to get there. I'm skeeved out more and more each day by the el and cabs from my place to Norlibs are at least 12 bucks.  
But I may roll up for the next open bar.  Nothing gets me to a bar faster than those two words.I really love this place. It is super cool with a night club feel, yet they are kid friendly! They have  bumpers for kids that actually go up especially for them and down for those who what to do some serious bowling. Great beer selection, great food with awesome tater tots for the kids (me too)
The staff is super cute cool and friendly. 
They have pool tables upstairs and video games too. Also a photo booth downstairs. I  could not ask for a more awesome place to come with my friends and my daughter to bowl, drink beer and just have fun.Great Time. we went for a friends birthday party upstairs. we had four private lanes for almost three hours. paid 34 a head for open bar and bowling.
The staff was awesome. The food was great. Quesadillas were surprising and delicious. after bowling we were quickly overcome by younger hipper locals, so we just moved over to the leather couches and played pool.
They have Kensinger on tap!
we were told cash only for bowling and credit cards at the bar, which seemed a little strange....It seems all things now a days must be delivered to the twenty-something market though a seemingly cleaver, slightly subversive, approach. The most common rendition of which appears to be making low-end services and commodities seem high-end.
Hence, North bowl is born.
As most have remarked, the atmosphere here is pleasant, I must admit to this. The place is littered with aesthetic niceties:  some exposed brick, a pastel color palate that comes together, live plants. North Bowl is an success with regard to ambiance - it's well-lit,  open, clean, and houses comfortable brown leather sofas, pool tables, pin-ball machines and arcade games you would not have wasted your time on as a kid unless you were down to your last quarter and had to settle for something other then your preferred game; another words Pac-man. The downside of all these amenities, of course, is price; coupled with the fact that there are so few lanes and the place is so trendy that the wait is at least an hour on a Monday.
Going on a Mondays has a singular benefit, however, it seems all drafts are three dollar with the exception of PBR, which was two - but swill. As for the legendary tater-tots, the portion was generous but for a five spot it best have been. With that said, the tots themselves were very good. I chose wakin' bacon tots but  was a bit disappointed, the bacon wasn't crispy and I would have preferred an over-easy egg rather then a hard-fry. All the same, still damn tasty but I have a predilection toward hash browns and their ilk.
The bowling lanes themselves were pretty much ideal. Other then a bit of confusion regarding how to start the a game everything worked well. Never a problem with stuck pins or lost balls. 
I can see going here with a large group on a well planned outing but hell if I just drop on by to wait another hour or two. I'll just stay in my neck of the woods and bowl a 2 dollar game.I've gone here only for birthdays but its been fun! The DJ plays good music, there are pool tables upstairs and even tho its pricey, its fun. Bowling is always fun.  In the private party area upstairs you get two lanes and the bar. I like it here.buffalo tots, beer, ms pacman, two types of buck hunter
woah bundyThis was my second time going to North Bowl and absolutely my last. On August 2nd, a couple friends and I attended the 2nd street festival and decided to head to North Bowl afterwards. The outside bar was packed and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. I ordered the first round of drinks for my friends and myself using my debit card. Now typically when you make a purchase with your debit card at a bar, you are asked if you would like to keep the tab open or close it. The bartender did not ask, instead she added my card into a stack of other debit cards. I waited at the bar 10-15 minutes confused as to why I wasn't given a receipt or card back. Twice I got the bartender's attention and she told me to wait, but never attended to me. Instead, I watched her go over to another male employee, play in his hair and go over to another male and chat with him. When she initially told me to wait I was not bothered because it was busy (the festival just ended!) but, when I seen her just fooling around I was a bit frustrated. A different employee gave me my card and receipt back. We then moved to the inside bar. I was enjoying myself dancing until I ordered from the bar. I order 2 Yuengling's which were $4 each that night. When I received my receipt my total was $34.10 ! There was other alcohol purchases on the receipt that were not mines. Instead of trying to refund me my money on to my debit card the bartender tried to give me cash. I refused. At this point I was pissed! My friend and I were trying to talk to him and the bartender was acting incoherent. He seemed to be intoxicated. Giggling and confused while we spoke to him. Another employee stood by and watched. I asked the by-standing employee if there was a manager available and in a rude and snappy voice told me there wasn't. I was infuriated but thought to myself "I've had a great day so far so I will not let this ruin my night, I'll call tomorrow and have this resolved". I called August 3rd which was that Monday. Spoke to a manager by the name of Zack, he was very rude !!! Told me there was nothing he could do on his end. If I wanted to dispute a transaction I would have to do that with my bank. I called back the following day and spoke with another manager, he wasn't rude but basically told me the same or that I could try calling when the female manager was in, (Nicky I believe her name was) that she could possibly resolve it. I tried calling again the following day with my bank on the phone and there was no manager available. At this point I was forced to just file a claim with my bank because North Bowl was of no assistance ! I have NEVER received such terrible customer service in all my years. I am a very understanding person and am willing to compromise and work w/ whomever to resolve a problem, so when I am told by an establishment where I spent my money that there is nothing they can do to help me I am disgusted!! If the facts are that North Bowl could truly not refund my money unless I filed a claim with my bank, then OKAY. But the fact that I was told so rudely as if I were the one who made the mistake! The managers did not even apologize on the behalf of their employee. They simply did not care. Their main job is to provide quality customer service and they can't even do that. So displeased! I have NEVER wrote a review but this situation called for one. I hope this does not happen to anyone else. This matter is still being resolved with my bank.North Bowl is a lot of fun. Food isn't bad and their speciality drinks are quite good. The last time I went it wasn't that busy but our server had too many lanes. She took too long to get to our lane when we were waiting for our check. She could tell we were kind of annoyed and brought it back quickly after charging the card. I'm giving four stars because of service and price. Food and drinks are more expensive than they should be. I've had a few food items here and usually enjoy it. Mac and cheese is yummy and the tots are always a good choice.The only thing I like about this place is the layout.  The food was really bad for me and has me extremely sick.  The bowling alley kept breaking and was as expensive as could be.I remember when no one knew of this place , now too many people come here . Its like its the only bowling place in philly. I love playing upstairs and the video games . Good damn food but now its too crowded . Have to come in on a tues or weds.we tried to do north bowl again, but i told everybody it was very impossible for us to get a lane, can someone tell me the secret?? is there a certain day that we should go or time where we can get a lane? cuz every single time i go here, i can never get a lane. lol is it because were asians? i wanna know. lol. and i tried the tator tots, omg its banging!!! and ever since i mention this place, all everybody can say is TATOR TOTS!!! lol. i wish they had more bowling lanes :( ...is that why the tables and food service is there...so we can be tricked into buying their food and addictive tator tots...dammit! lol. love it here though :)I've heard a lot about this place but just recently went.  It seemed all that it's been hyped up to be.
This is the coolest bowling alley I've ever been to.  Awesome music, attentive staff, good bar.  Upon walking in and waiting for the rest of our party to arrive, we got some drinks at the side bar on the first floor and got a table.  Soon after we got our shoes and were assigned a lane.  There are extensive snack-food menus at each of the lane tables which was perfect for how drunk/hungry we were.  It took quite a while for our food to arrive, but we did order a lot and it was a Friday night.  The waitress was very patient with our large group and got all of the orders right.  It wasn't horribly expensive either, and they have all of the best drunken munchies - cheese tots, burger sliders, chicken quesadillas, chips and salsa - everythaang.  The bowling was fun too, although there were a few times the lane got jammed and we had to wait for 15 minutes for the attendant to come fix it.  
Also, it has a black and white photo booth!
I would come back here again definitely, just for the food and the fun atmosphere.This place is so f-ing dumb as dumb as the people who go and work there is like high class frat and yuppie scum. So not a good bowling time so overpriced . But if you wear alot of hair gell shave your arms and pop your collar youll fit right in .I've been twice. Once during the day in the summer and the other time was a weekend night in the winter. The quality of service was drastically different. The girls at the front were swamped and very easily annoyed by small questions. There was a 3+ hr wait so I understand their frustration. We didn't end up bowling, but we got some drinks at the bar. I had a great margarita for very little. A few of my friends had beers. I will say that this place has a very Philly hipster vibe, so if you're not into that I would avoid this place. There were a lot of bearded men and women with strange tattoos that look like they're meant to be philosophical in some strange way. Overall, I'd go back. It's not a bad place and on Wednesdays after 10 you can bowl for like $5. They're just not a very good place to during peak times. I will say that we saw a lot of ppl having office parties. They had food, drinks, etc and it looked like a good time.$2/game for pool, $0.75 for 8 balls of foosball, $1 arcade games, bowling, all in the same place! Went with friends and it was bustling but not annoyingly crowded in any sense. Didn't bowl this time but first time we only bowled and the facilities were great---clean, spacious, etc.I came here on a weeknight, so the bowling leagues were on so it was somewhat busy with the lanes. For a bowling alley it has a really cool atmosphere, and as a veggie, they have great food options!North Bowl was a great atmosphere. The food was good besides they dont give you alot of dipping sauces.... The game area was great with alot of choices between pool, air hockey, and arcade games. Def going backSo I come to North Bowl for the food, not the bowling, but if I were to bowl it does seem like a cool place for that.  Although I am not vegetarian, the veggie wings here are SOOOOOOOO amazingly good.  I am really into wings, and I even like these more than real chicken wings.  The wings are soy and are even shaped like a real wing on a bamboo stick.  The mac and cheese here is also amazing....cheesey and deilcious with spiral noodles and crushed goldfish on top.  The tater tots are also great...with a huge variety.  My favorite are the garilc tots, even if your breath doesnt' smell too great after.Decided to check out North Bowl as a belated birthday celebration for myself. I go out with the same tight knit group of friends all the time so I wanted to try something different. 
The only downfall was the wait time for a lane, but it was expected as we got there pretty late. Also, waiting isn't bad when you can hang out and drink as you do it. The service was a little slow while we were waiting for a lane, but if we had trouble finding the waitress we walked up to the bar instead which was no trouble at all. 
Also enjoyed the old-school photobooth. Definitely would like to come back...wish there were more places like this.I've been to North Bowl many times just to bowl, have a beer, and for special events. It's a great space (although recommend SEPTA or cab - parking in the area is usually tough). It's a bit more casual and less expensive than Lucky Strike. They usually have great beers on tap and the food is inventive and fun. As noted in many reviews, the tots are famous. I'm partial to the garlic & parm ones. If you're with a group, try any other night but Friday and Saturday. However, they have a bar area so if you're waiting for a lane, you can relax a bit.I took a group of students from NYC to North Bowl as part of our Philadelphia field trip.  We made reservations ahead of time for 2 lanes as a group party.  We ordered some food in order to meet the minimum requirement for payment for each lane.  Unfortunately, we got there a half hour late because our bus got lost.  However, the staff was absolutely amazingly accommodating.  The food was already set up, and the brought it out as soon as we arrived.  The manager came over multiple times to make sure everything was alright and they allowed us to stay 45 minutes after our reservation because we were late.  They even made space for our bus to park in the parking lot!  The food tasted great (cookies and warm pretzels) and the kids had a great time!  HIGHLY recommended for group events.Northbowl is a great time.  You can stay for hours, as there are 2 bars, bowling, and pool tables.  There are comfy leather couches and retro bowling benches.  The place is a tribute to The Big Lebowski and you're immediately immersed in a vibe befitting The Dude himself upon entry. All of the tots are delicious, although the garlic parmesan tots will linger on your breath for hours....so, maybe try the disco tots or the baker tots if you've got a hot date. The arrugula salad is perfection. The hummus is standard. Expect a long wait on weekend nights, but you can bowl right away if you go during the day on the weekends, or any weeknight. I suggest having a few drinks & appetizers while waiting to bowl on a weekend night.Growing up, my uncle had two moods. Jovial and bowling. Jovial was silly, goofy and all about laughter. Bowling was a hyper competitive, intense, wildly focused dude that somehow turned a fun afternoon with family into a knock down, drag out tournament of terror.
I say this to explain why I, as a 27 year old woman, hate bowling. As a general rule, I avoid it like the plague but when 10 of my best buddies joined a league... well I didn't have much of a choice but to become their #1 supporter. Sure, I wasn't hitting the lanes myself (is that the verb one would use?), but that just goes to show just how fantastic North Bowl can be, even for a non-bowler. Tasty tots and pretzel bites (it's the simple pleasure) are just the tip of the edible iceberg, and I've enjoyed salads (especially a winter kale one, delish), sammies, and mac and cheese (heavy, but nice to split with a few folks). There's a decent, reasonably diverse selection of beer options, which is always great for me. 
And every now and then (but practically once a week), they'll have a wild party or something where the upstairs becomes a dance floor. Those are my favorite nights, I think. For me, a self-professed non-bowler, to enjoy a spot that has the word "Bowl" in the name.... well, they've gotta be doing something right.North Bowl is me and my man's new hot spot, as it really has it all going on! I believe the spot has 18 lanes, so sometimes this a bit of a wait, but thankfully there's enough else going on to distract you while you wait. 
North Bowl has a few arcade games, and my personal favorite, air hockey! So in my case, I suck at bowling but am way better than my boyfriend in air hockey, so we both leave feeling like a winner. 
We didn't try any of the food, but North Bowl has a menu of mostly bar type food, that looked pretty good when other people, ordered it. Their drink menu is impressive as well, but to me bowling and beer go naturally, so I sampled a few of their draft offerings. 
Everyone that works here is so happy to be alive, especially the adorable bartender in the second floor bar. 
The music was pumping, and it must have been old school rap night so we definitely enjoyed ourselves with that. 
To top it all off, we got free shoe rentals with Yelp check in. Score!
I love North Bowl, and it is definitely our new favorite date night.They do not include tax in their menu prices, so I did not have enough to tip, which was frustrating because of someone is going to make me a drink, I would like to tip them. Also we waited hours before we could get a lane. The bartenders are friendly and the atmosphere is conducive for conversation.Who doesn't love North Bowl?
They have everything you love and hate to admit that you love: Bowling of course, air hockey, a bar, yummy food (tots!), and a classic photo booth.
Their Super Yummy Tots far surpass your average grade school cafeteria food. I love the Crabby Tots (old bay and cheese!) and the Spanish Tots although sometimes the Traditional Tots are all you need. They often have draft specials and they have TVs around the bar area if you want to watch some sports in between games of bowling. The air hockey and lounge area overlooks the lanes and gives you something to do while you are waiting for a lane to open up (which happens often during peak times).
If you are on a budget they offer several discounted nights too so check out their website for specials!At first I was sceptical about this place because it's so hip and trendy. But it really was fun when I went there. The staff was very polite even though it was very busy and crazy. They weren't cranky all I was pretty impressed. The music is really funky which is great because I love to dance when I bowl. Bowling is really fun and I think people in the city just love to pair it with drinking and eating. I had some tater tots. And a Shirley temple. It was a blast though. Definately come here with a couple friends.Nice bowling alley with very hip Decour and good bar prices and bowling isn't too bad price either... Just beware when they are busy they will want you in there, start your games quick, and have a two game maximum and clear lane quick... I would go back and overall I had a very good experienceThis place has horrible customer service. Our lane kept shutting off and on and it wasted so much time.I can't say enough good things about Lori & Victoria at North Bowl - also John and Erin and everyone who helped make my 6 year old's birthday party with 14 5 & 6 year olds a smashing success.
The food was good - plain pizzas from rustica, veggies 'n dip, the famous tots, chicken fingers.
The bowling was great!
And the single shot on Absolut Vanille hit the spot.
Got a party to plan?  I highly recommend you consider North Bowl.I'm not a fan of bowling, so how am I fan of North Bowl. I'll tell you how! Nice bars, good drinks, good music. That's all I need. I didn't even see any lanes. Are there lanes there? Is this really a bowling alley? I came here for the first time--yes the first time-- last night. We arrived at about 12:45 am, went straight upstairs had a couple of good drinks and the conversation and laughs followed. Damn good time. More intimate and laid back than lucky.North Bowl is known to have the best tater tots in the city and I certainly agree. They are the best I have EVER had and there are a bunch of delicious variations. There are some pretty decent beers on tap and a few arcade games. I hear they also have bowling! Yuk yuk yuk... 
But seriously....Getting a lane is next to impossible during hours most people like to bowl with friends. Try to think of it as a bar with great tater tots where you may or may not be able to bowl (depending on the wait). The lanes upstairs would make for one helluva birthday/holiday/etc. party but I'm not sure what that would run you...North Bowl seems like a fun spot but I've been disappointed. The music system was apparently broken and the music kept cutting in and out, startling everyone each time it came blasting back on for a few seconds before it went out again. Annoying. The pool table was broken and by the time it was fixed it was our turn to bowl so we just paid $2 to watch a guy struggle with the pockets and then the pinball machine ate our remaining quarters. I stood at the bar for 15 minutes being ignored by the bartender and the waitress that came to our lane didn't know what kind of beer any of the seasonal special beers were and I ended up with an IPA, which I hate. Our lane broke so many times and when we asked about it we just got yelled at because apparently the mechanic was already working on it. Should have saved the $50 we spent TRYING to drink, bowl and play games.I took my girlfriend here for Valentine's day and it was a very nice night. The food was done quickly and the drinks were very good.  The staff was very friendly and really professional.  I would definitely recommend this to friends in the future.love this spot! great vibes, friendly staff, and best of all, amazing food!
As a vegetarian, it is hard to find good food while bowling. They have the best veggie drumsticks in town. I'd def go back just for their veggie drumsticks.Cool place but the lanes suck. The pins wouldn't recycle after your turn and it took awhile to get someone to fix it. I get when it's he evening but it was the middle of the day on a Sunday.This is one of our traditional hangouts.  The best time to go is Sunday night when you can bowl cheap and get chicken tenders and tater tots.  I could bathe in the honey mustard it is that good.  I have only 2 gripes.  They stopped having yuengling on draft which the husband can't stop complaining about and they need more waitstaff.  Service is always slow but friendly.Tots tots tots nuff said. Bowling is fun in relaxed atmosphere, beer choices are nice, and did I mention the tots?  I'm a purist so only ever order just regular tots but I'd love to try the different varieties one day. Upstairs is nice, especially when you have to wait forever for a bowling alley because that is an inevitable.North bowl is a solid place to bowl in the city, i got turned on to it by my friend Nich, the waitresses are sometimes hot, sometimes not hot. Sometimes theres no wait for a lane, sometimes there is a wait. Sometimes the lanes let my ball hit the pins, sometimes they dont. sometimes mike vick is there, sometimes hes playing miserably against the bears. During the week is the best time to go, no wait.. but everyone packs that place full during the weekend, and they dont give you league rate, wait can be 2+ hours. Also, the tater-tots are very good. I have been in there a few times when one of the bowling teams was rollin' during non-league time.. I forget the team name, but one of the bowlers looked like maculey culkin on steroids.. he kept screaming "I AM DINGOOOSE" ... weird, but I loved it.Terrible service, with a capital T! Have been waiting 53 minutes for an ice water and will probably still be waiting by the time anyone reads this. Usually don't review ever, but felt it would be a disservice to all potential customers not to comment. Food is subpar and lanes are not great. Outside area is okay, but must have nice weather to indulge in that areaI love this place! The atmosphere is great, I love the decor and just everything. The upstairs lounge is such a nice place to hold an event. We had a senior week event here and it was FANTASTIC! People who wanted to bowl could, people who just wanted to hang out did. The food they brought out was really good, but what I liked the most about the food was that they didn't try too hard; they kept it real. It's a bowling alley after all, I don't want anything too fancy, in fact.. I thought that the tater-tots with bacon and chicken fingers were just delightful.Cheap drinks, fun atmosphere, and an award for best tater tots. 
Need I say more?
The drinks are decent size for how NOT much you pay. And it's fun hanging out at the downstairs bar while waiting for your buzzer to buzzzzz. There's a two game max. so it moves pretty fast. 
They are fast about fixing your lane. Our first lane malfunctioned about 8 times and all 8 the guy was right on it. Then a new lane opened up and they switched us which was super awesome. 
Everyone was in a good mood and having a good time, and you know what's coming next...
Drunkeness is contagious =) I mean...happiness.Let the good times roll! 
Tots, bowling, pool, Foosball, bubble hockey, booze 
Watch out for Lane 13, it'll eat you alive if you let it. 
If it were just a bar, I'd say they had a good beer selection. For a bowling alley, top notch. 
Like I said, watch out for Lane 13.For ambiance, this place is pretty awesome. They have great music, bright decor, and make the most of a relatively small space by having both an upstairs (games and a small bar) and downstairs (bowling, dining, large bar).
I've been here a few times on weekends and never been able to bowl. The wait time takes HOURS and usually, around 1am, after plates and plates of tots, people give up and just go home.
Weeknight bowling, on the other hand, seems to work for me. You're limited to two games per lane, so even if they are all full you have time for  a drink and then it's your turn. 
Other things:
-You can pay for food and drink with cards, but bowling and shoe rental is CASH ONLY. It's not well advertised, and their solution is to have you go to an atm in the lobby that most always out of cash. Come prepared for this.
-They have gluten free mac 'n cheese, but the tots are NOT gluten free (so, so sad). There's also at least one gluten free beer, in a bottle. 
-There's an awesome vintage photo booth where, for $3, you can get an old fashioned photo strip printed on real photo paper with a real developing process. Gets me every time.We went here tonight. Not the first time I've bowled here, but the first time, as a paying customer, I've felt unwelcome in an establishment. 
Whether it's because they want to keep up their pretentious hipster attitude ("we don't need you to think we're cool") or because they didn't really want to stay open until 2 and take the money I was willing to spend on beer and bowling, or what... But they certainly accomplished whatever their goal was. 
By 1 am, we had drank 1 less pitcher than we were planning on buying, played 3 less games than we normally do, the lanes were all empty, and the night, at North Bowl, was over.
And I didn't leave thinking they were cool; we didn't get a "thanks, guys, have a great night" from a single employee.Bowling, beer, AND tater tots?! Is it my birthday?!
Well, that's exactly what it feels like when I lace up my bowling shoes and rent a lane at North Bowl.  Be sure to order the garlic tater tots. Who knew that tater tots could be so gourmet? The music is so fantastic that I felt the need to break out my famous robot dance in the middle of an aisle before taking my turn the last time I was there. Believe me, that robot dance is only performed during special occasions. Thanks to North Bowl, unlike Walter Sobchak in "The Big Lebowski" you WILL roll on Shabbas.I love the whole concept of North Bowl. Rarely can you find a place that so effortlessly caters to kids and adults alike. I've heard a lot about this joint, and was thrilled to finally have the chance to give it a go.
I popped in around 6:30 pm on a Friday, keen for a happy hour. The outdoor bar offered a more limited menu and informed us that HH had ended at 5pm. However, the inside bar still had some specials going until 7 - so into the air conditioning we went. The bar sits off in it's own little space which I imagine comes in handy if/when kiddos are running about. The inside bar had different beers, but a bigger selection on tap and a couple of specialty drinks to choose from, too. Prices ranging from $3-10 depending on the drink and if it's happy hour. 
For a place with "bowl" in it's name, there's only about 10-12ish bowling lanes. We didn't come to bowl, so I'm not sure on wait times/ prices/ reservations/ etc., but I imagine it could get backed up on a busy day. There's plenty of seating, and the upstairs bar offers some modern chairs and couches and a bunch of awesome arcade games to pass the time. That to say, the name North Bowl is slightly misleading - this is more of a chill hang that happens to offer bowling. It's a very solid place to grab a drink, have a nice conversation, or just kickback. There's indoor and outdoor space to hang. Parking in this area is touch and go. It's free street parking for the most part, but just be sure you're paying attention to the signs. 
I'd definitely come back if I'm in the area, and it's worth checking out if you're seeking something other than the average dive bar.Oh North Bowl, how I love thee. I don't mind that you make me wait 45 min - 2 hours even to bowl because there are games (pinball, arcade games, pool, etc) and beers a'plenty to keep me occupied.  The games here are cheap for an "adult" style bowling environment, even though it very much accommodates families as well. 
Pro tips: When you're here, tots are a must. They come in several different flavors, and be ready to use a fork and share. If you're a beer drinker, pitchers of PBR will take you the furthest for your money. This place is cash only! They have an ATM machine, though. And another pro-tip: join a league to get the best deals on games! If you're looking to have the best time out of a game, play around with the features on the scoring machine, specifically Youtunes which offers some hilarious recaps of your bowling experience. If you have children needing some assistance, request one of the alligators for them to send the ball down the lane.In a previous review, I explained my history with Bowling Alleys. My first kiss, video games, vending machines, accidentally playing in the creek with bowling shoes on. Needless to say, there are some great memories attached to the sights, sounds and smells of these mighty Pin Palaces and attending a birthday outing for a friend at North Bowl, didnt disappoint.
After driving around No Libs, trying to pinpoint its location, I was miraculously able to park in one of the few parking spots out front of North Bowl. It was almost too good to be true and I was hesitant to leave my car, thinking something bad would happen but after snuffing out the flames of my anxiety, I went inside.
What a cool, aesthetically pleasing place! The colors and the decor were very inviting, and immediately I felt at home and comfortable, even though Id never been here before. I dont know if it is usually not so crowded on a Sat. or if it had something to do with it being Resurrection Eve, but we had no problems, getting drinks, moving around, playing the games, etc. Somehow I expected a bigger crowd, with people climbing over eachother, but I was pleased we could move around at our leisure.
After getting my ass whooped on Air Hockey by the birthday boy (its just not my game, now Bubble Hockey on the other hand...) we moved downstairs to the Lanes to Bowl, Bowl, Rock and Roll. I hadnt Bowled in over 10 years , and it showed. This was my first experience with ; drinking while bowling, having a waitress while bowling, and using a video scoreboard. I think the last time I bowled seriously, they were still handing out scoresheets and pencils.
Ill note that our server ( I didnt catch her name) was awesome, and as aesthetically pleasing as the establishment. Im not sure how it even came up, but she even had a Yelp discussion with us. Seems as though places like North Bowl, makes it cool to be employed by a bowling alley. This was definitely NOT the case back in my day.
While I started out slow, I soon found my old rhythm and bowled pretty respectably, even earning a free shot of Wild Turkey by bowling a Turkey (3 strikes in a row). This is a cool little freebie that NB offers and somehow our group made the poor server come out and do this twice in about 5 minutes. Thats how we roll.
One fun thing to do at bowling alleys, is to study peoples bowling styles.  "The Crouch" , " The Jaunty Skip" " The Spaz" "Super Spin" are all a joy to behold. While Ive never seen myself bowl, Im sure I look ridiculous as well yet there is no wrong way to bowl and all styles produce gutterballs and strikes at random.
Overall, my experience at North Bowl was as positive as I could have possibly hoped. Ill withold one star, because we didnt eat anything there. I hear their Tots are wonderful and Ill go back again to try them and to blast some pins. Im sure ill be able to tack on that 5th star with ease although getting another Turkey ( both the strikes and the shot) will make it that much easier.Went here for my date's birthday and this is the nicest/hippest bowling alley I have ever been to.  I've never been to one as awesome as this in NY and with a reasonable price.  
Drink specials, bowling specials, clean lanes.  I loved it.
They had a good variety of beers and pitchers for cheap.
There were a variety of tater tots and the pretzel bites were good (anything is good with a cup of cheese)
There was this smell in the corner where it just smelled like toilets and yes we were close to the bathroom but the bathroom itself didn't smell it was just a stench coming from the last couple seats. It was kind of gross and we made a joke out of it. -1 star.
But then this guy next to us playing with his girlfriend ended up ripping his pants and thank god he was wearing boxers because I didn't want to see his goodies. +1 star.
Oh and the lanes kept running really slow so we had to switch lanes, it would take forever to just get the new pins up. -1 star.
Also a friend got a turkey, so they gave a free shot of wild turkey for it...totally awesome.
And I scored a 151. that's one of my highest scores everrrrrr. -=proud=-way better than lucky strike ;p
Great weekly drink specials and staff is super nice. 
Food is pretty good too =)Had a REALLY good experience at North Bowl last night. It wasn't super crowded, we were able to get a lane right away and the service was really solid. Our waitress, Allison, was on point. She was always checking on us and made sure we were all set. 
The atmosphere in here is really relaxed and it makes for a great Sunday afternoon or evening. The playlist was on point and the food was also really good. I have been to North Bowl in the past and the service was somewhat lackadaisical, but last night was a great change. The bartender was helpful in picking out some beers for my friends and I, as well as suggesting some food items that were "musts."  The one must, obviously, is your choice of tater tot. We went with the fairly traditional old bay and melted cheese sauce last night as well as the short rib quesadilla. Both were really good.  Great time!First time, or experienced bowler this place is awesome.
The food is outstanding, they have an upstairs and downstairs. Bars on both floors, games on second floor including pool and arcade games. 
Bowling wise, it's pretty cheap, at least compared to lucky strike. You pay per game at north bowl, and not per hour as in most cases with other places. 
Night life is great around there also, if you are looking forward to going out after.Fun idea.  Had to wait 1.5 hours for a game.  Limited to 2 games.  Paid top dollar.  Terrible front desk service.  Good bar service though.  Would rather drive to a tradition alley than ever come back here.North Bowl is great.  Not you regular, old-fashioned place.  Lot's to do with video games, bowling, pool tables, bars, food, etc..  Beautiful interior space and they play good music.  Food and drinks are also good, much better than you'd expect from a bowling alley.  Definitely check it out..Watch out for the rum punch. It's deadly  in a good way. I was quickly reminded why I stick to wine not alcohol and my max is 2 drinks. Bowling was super fun and my friend greatly enjoyed her bday. Now back to this rum punch, I believe I put away 4? Great time was had by all.I can't choose a favorite between North and South bowl but I visit both frequently! Gotta love a Tuesday special with discounted Paloma's and tacos! The Korean chicken tacos are my absolute favorite and I always always get some type of tots! The music is always a great mix and staff great as well! The only issue I have is with parking, if you can get dropped off or take an Uber you're saving yourself the headache of parking in northern liberties! You can park in their small lot (I think there's only like 5 or 6 spots) but I wouldn't bank on it! Def a must come!Went here for a portion of my Bachelorette party because I love this place so much XD fun food, fun games, fun people!! You have to check it out if you're in town.I never thought I'd give a bowling venue a five star review, but this place is the tits.  I must point out that although I have been here twice, I did not bowl, so I am not reviewing their bowling equipment or lane-availability.  
They have an upstairs bar and a downstairs bar. I have enjoyed both.  The service and drinks selection is good, not fantastic, but good.  Their food choices are also good. I'm always happy to when I see edamame, hummus and spring rolls from which to choose.
Why the five star review then?  Because there is so much to do in this place. They have a photo booth, pinball machines and very comfortable furniture options.  Also, the second time I went to North Bowl was for a winter holiday party for Revzilla, which is a most excellent motorcycle gear company.
The other reason this place is a good destination is because it has so many options for getting there.  If you take the Market-Frankford line (the L train), the stop is Spring Garden station, or you can take the bus, PLUS there is a bicycle rack out front and there is parking for motorcycles, scooters in the area.  Don't bother coming in a car. What for?  You can take the train or bus there, not worry about drinking and then take a taxi home.I like this place.  It's aesthetically pleasing, fun atmosphere and has decent bites offered along with a good bar.  The bowling part is OK but not dependable.  If you want to bowl with a group of friends on a weekend, you need to get there really early, like 6:30 or 7pm.  Often the wait induces flashbacks of that time I succumbed  to eating at the outback!  One time the wait was so great we ended up hopping 3 N.libs bars before it was our turn, and of course by then we didn't need to bowl at all.
The biggest problem with the place is that while my group has enjoyed bowling here several times the females in the group have gotten to the point where they don't want to go anymore.  Apparently the only balls with finger holes they can fit with their adult hands are way too heavy for them to bowl more than one game before they get tired and annoyed.  So now Ive got a portion of the group that is sick of the place for that very reason.  My one friend says "who wants to wait an hour for an alley and only really get to bowl one game if they get tired after that?"
I tried emailing a nice letter of concern and request for lighter adult balls via the "contact us" link on the north bowl sight.  They never even acknowledged it.
I guess it's gonna have to be the boys(and butch bitches)-night-out destination if I'm gonna get my turkey on!Since I didn't try the tater tots I'll have to resort to just reviewing the bowling alley.
A group of 12 of us were searching for a place to bowl on Friday night, and with Lucky Strike's insane price to reserve lanes ($170 each?!) and the fear that it would be too crowded we headed to North Bowl. 
The interior is very nice and we had no problem getting two lanes after work on a Friday night (though 12 on two lanes is a bit tight seating-wise). I'd categorize the mojito I had somewhere between nothing to write home about and just plain bad, but the lemonade-vodka drink and the pomegranate cosmo my friends got looked mighty tasty. Food-wise the "baker" tots (cheddar, bacon, sour cream, and scallions) and asian chicken wings smelled and looked delicious, but again I can't vouch. Mazel tots! Funny. 
Games are $5.95 plus $4 for shoes, which is pretty reasonable. I play on a sanctioned league in Wynnewood, and bowling on lane #1 made me glad I didn't do league bowling here because a) it's definitely on a slight slant to the right, so compensate! and b) the sweep bar knocked down pins periodically through two games on both lanes #1 and #2, which is nice if you suck but kind of annoying for rule followers like myself. 
The staff as a whole weren't very friendly or helpful, but I will say that our server was continually clearing our plates and getting us new drinks at the lane, which was pretty nice. Overall the fact that the prices are good and the layout is cool makes me enjoy North Bowl, and I'm sure I'll be back.This is a truely awesome bowling alley.  The retro-mod ambiance is spectacular, there are always pool tables available while you wait for lanes to open, and the full bar + fun food menu WITH lane-side services makes it fabu.  The only issue I've ever had is that the wait staff are not on the ball with when you're done bowling and I need to chase them down to pay my bar bill.Oh how I want to scream and yell at you north bowl while I hug you and drink your Dale's Pale Ale while sitting on your uber comfy leather sofas and staring in drunken awe at the lights that shine through plastic beads in your planters...
Bowling is fun, and it's even more fun when done with good food and great booze (particularly awesome beer selection for a bowling alley), but all of that fun is taken away when you have to pay $25 per person for it.  Call me cheap, but I just think that's ridonkdiculous.
Therefore, I propose the compromise of going on Sunday (& Wednesday?) nights when they charge $3 a game.  Plus their food is really yum, so you can afford to eat that night, too.  That's bowling a 300, people.My sister, nephew, and I came here thanks to Amazon Local, and boy did we have fun! It wasn't at all crowded when we got there, so we had no problem getting a lane. According to the reviews, they have some really good tater tots, and they did not disappoint. We also had the chicken cutlets, the sliders (with pizza tots), and dessert. Let me tell you something, the food was AWESOME! Everything was hot, fresh, and delicious! Afterward, we went upstairs and played a game of pool. Like before, the space was nearly empty, so we had no problem playing anything. My sister was up here to visit, and today was her last day. I'm so glad I was able to bring her out here for one last night of fun. Thanks, North Bowl! She may not be visiting again for a while, but I'll definitely be back!Great time at North Bowl! I brought my coworkers in for good food and fun. We had an AWESOME time. Patty was are server and she was great!Came in a couple of weeks ago for a small gathering with friends. For the most part, it's super nice inside and an awesome location for being in Philly. Coincidentally came in during the happy hour bowling for $2 games, which was great. There were 11 of us and we all only paid $44 total. Not bad for just one game ($4 each, shoes included).
Unfortunately, they have a strict rule about underaged minors playing past 8pm (although most places card at 9pm) so our Friday night bowling ended at 8pm, since some of our group was below 21. They were nice enough to allow the 21+ people, including myself order drinks though, so that wasn't too bad. Overall a great place, and everyone had a great time! Beats driving out to Playdrome, just to bowl for an hour.I was very impressed with North Bowl.  The space is extremely well laid out, vibrant and inviting, complete with some Big Lebowski art on the far right wall.  It's also sort of chic/modern, but not in a crappy dance club kind of way.  On the first floor they have something like 12 lanes and a bar.  What is pretty amazing is there is a second floor with a big game room, another small bar/lounge area and 4 more lanes for private parties/events.
The game room has a pool table, air hockey, fussball, Big Buck Hunter (!) and even some classic Pac-Man arcade games.  The perfect place to chill.  They had some great beers on tap from Pabst/High Life up to Philly Brewing, Bell's, Stone etc.  Prices are reasonable too, especially if you buy pitchers.  $8 for Pabst to $14 for Stone, and they fill 4 FULL pints.
I was there for a private event so I didn't get any real pricing info.  I only had a bit of food but the mac and cheese (with goldfish crackers on top!) was delish and the tater tots were perfectly toasted.
The bowling itself was pretty well laid out as well.  They have very simple to use electronic scoring machines.  The balls appeared to mostly be color organized by size and weight which was useful.  (None of that mix and match shit you find at the local bowl-a-rama?)
In general, a great spot to hang.North Bowl is retro styley, nice n clean, and yeah, pretty crowded on a Friday night. What's handy about having hobbies that pair well with booze is that there's booze... for the waiting. For real, the wait was not too bad at all on this recent visit. It just flew by, glug glug.
Our blue haired server was a doll and kept mama from ever experiencing a moment of bowling-induced thirst. In addition, I should add, for the non-beer drinkers of the land, that my sister in law kept remarking about how good her white wine was, happily surprised. So there's that for you fancy pantses who like to roll with a crisp glass of white wine. 
See here- so, according to my research, I'm ready to announce that being supplied with drinks and tater tots, dished up every whicha way, while bowling up a storm with some pals, is the stuff of fun. For that groundbreaking analysis, to you I say, "You're welcome," in advance, even if what you actually yelled was, "No duh!"I was a weekly league bowler for many years before switching to South Bowl recently (same management).  It's the best casual place to bowl in Philly. Their bars on both floors are very nice, and they have a lot of other games to play while waiting for a lane. Group parties here are very fun too - they are very accommodating whether it's a group of 10 or 100.Love this place! Plays all types of music genres, video games, great bartenders, the best tater tots and wings( and I don't really eat chicken wings)!Amazing bowling alley! Great for large groups. The food is delicious and the staff are very friendly. Designed really upscale with good prices.Similar issues to my last visit - lane was acting up constantly (had to call maintenance at least 3 times to get it fixed).  Also, our game ended early twice before it was complete.  It might be from the top lanes - so definitely avoid them at all costs!