I haven't even gotten home yet and I'm writing this review. That's how good our experience was! We decided on Ocean Prime at the last minute and didn't have reservations for a Friday night. The hostess found us a table for five despite a packed house. Our server Jadyn was fantastic, super attentive and friendly. We were celebrating my dad's birthday and he said the wedge salad and carrot cake were the best he's had. He also raved about the pork dish. I had the blackened snapper and it was TO DIE FOR. White chocolate key lime tart was also really good. We will no doubt be back again.The food is great here, however the host staff at the front (in particular a woman with dyed red hair and accentuated eyeliner) however,leaves much to be desired. Despite having a completely empty restaurant at 5:30pm they refused to sit me while my husband parked our car at our building. Very poor service and a nonsensical rule (especially when we were a party of two and nobody was in the dining room).Great happy hour! Great selection of 4.00 bottled beers.  7.00 wines and mixed drink specials.  The Calamari is killer at 7.00 as well.  Beautiful inside and friendly staff.  This is my new go to placeHad a wonderful dinner at Ocean Prime to celebrate my girlfriend's birthday this past weekend. We had chosen the location because we were seeing a show at the Academy of Music nearby. During our meal, every single member of the staff that we interacted with was extremely friendly. They knew it was a special occasion and made it feel as such. One member of the staff approached us for a photograph and a printed copy was given to us as a keepsake for the evening. We thought that was a very nice touch.
As for the food and drinks, everything was exceptional. I was surprised by the number of reasonably-priced bottles of wine available. We started with the shrimp cocktail, which included 4 very large shrimp (a good-sized portion compared to some other fine-dining establishments in the area). The presentation on the shrimp cocktail was very unique as the shrimp were placed in a bowl of cocktail sauce that had dry ice underneath to give a very cool, smoky effect. Our entrees were fantastic as well. I had the scallops, which were cooked perfectly and were larger than expected. My girlfriend claimed that the salmon was "perhaps the best she's ever had". We shared the chocolate cake to complete our meal. Again, the presentation was very nice as the kitchen wrote a nice little birthday message in chocolate on the plate.
In conclusion, we had a fantastic meal from start to finish. We would absolutely come back again and have already recommended the restaurant to friends and family.This is not my typical restaurant choice as a vegetarian that doesn't eat fish and seafood but I dined here for a family member's birthday. 
The restaurant is very upscale with high ceilings and partial upper level.  The padded rounded booth provided extremely comfortable seating. The ambiance was very nice and while fancy, felt cozy.
I had the house salad that was a very generous size and very good. My sides of Brussel sprouts and truffle mac and cheese were tasty as well.  Others chose the surf and turf special which is being offered on Sundays. They thought the filet was extremely good. Dessert choices included creme brûlée and carrot cake.  The carrot cake was delicious!
Service was excellent from the time we were seated to the time we paid.  Someone was always filling your water glass. Timing of food from the kitchen was excellent too.Yes, it's a chain, but...
Apparently the corporate office allows a lot of leeway to the executive chefs and management.  It doesn't feel like a chain, only if you know exactly what to look for.
Food is great, had oysters and a shellfish cobb salad, which I could probably eat twice a week for months on end.
Service was very good.  Friendly, fast, good attention to detail in busing/re-setting the table, very professional.  One suggestion (and this is not a criticism, just hoping to improve your fine establishment):  Better bar training of the waitstaff.  I'm particular about my Martinis.  I'd like to know the full selection of gins, our server wasn't familiar with them.  I was very specific in requesting it stirred (I asked twice) and to have our server come to the table and aggressively shake it before pouring it out was disappointing.  Younger people don't necessarily have a lot of familiarity with cocktails, I know, but this is important, and it's a relatively easy way to improve the dining experience.
So, great atmosphere, solid menu, excellent execution, professional staff (hat tip to G.M. Frank Hamm, who stopped by every table, chatted with us about chains with great candor, greeted us on the way in and got our coats on the way out.  That's a hands on G.M.!)I went for restaurant week lunch last week with two friends, and we enjoyed wonderful service and a great meal. We made a reservation, and even though we were a little late, they sat us right away. Our server was so attentive and friendly and the bussing staff was on their game! As soon as we finished something, the plate was cleared or our water was refilled. For restaurant week, they obviously had a set three course menu, but our server told us we could look at the regular menu and make small substitutions if we wanted. I ended up ordering straight off the restaurant week menu and was not disappointed. I split the crab cake sandwich and the salmon with a friend. They were both delicious! The crab cake was so crabby (ha!) and the salmon glaze was to die for. The inside of the restaurant is so spacious and the decor is fitting for a seafood restaurant. I really enjoyed my whole experience!By far one of the best restaurants in the city. Inside the restaurant is beautifully decorated with hardwood throughout. The bar is the focal point list rows and rows of any type of alcohol you could think of. We were celebrating our anniversary and they were able to provide us with a large booth for the two of us and served us complimentary champagne. These two little gestures really made the experience memorable. The food was also absolutely amazing. We ordered both fish and steak and they were cooked just right with so much flavor. I will certainly be back here again!After now reading the other reviews, maybe Karma was not on my side when I was there. The service was horrific. We waited 10 minutes at the table before our server came and that was after he asked for her. The food was mediocre, other than the shrimp cocktail which was superb. My lobster tail was undercooked and the salad was small. The price of the wine is outrageous! I understand doubling bottle prices, but there's are tripled. A glass of La Crema Russian River Vallet was $29.00 a glass at the bar.  Really?? Opus One maybe... Very disappointed.Good food but $12.50 for a Jack Daniels? Are you kidding me? Way overpriced for just because reasons.  No excuse for that.Yum Yum Yum! The food was delicious, especially the lobster bisque. The drinks also looked cool, I will definitely be back!First time here during restaurant week. The service was great! It was a friend's birthday so they gave us a complementary baked alaskan, which was unexpected and VERY kind of them. The calamari was excellent. Otherwise, I cant say too much about the food off of the restaurant week menu. For restaurant week, I got a salad, crab, cake, and carrot cake (6 layers!!) To be honest, the crab cake was good but not anything too amazing. I wouldn't mind going off the menu next time. I also got a pear cocktail- refreshing and not too strong.Mine and my friends favorite steakhouse. We been dining here since they opened in 2014 and have never had a subpar meal. Also a must try Is the truffle Mac and the black orchid.OMG!!!' Best service best food and just seriously everything to the best there is :D 
Even fixed a none alcoholic beer for this poor foreign boy :D
Honestly best night of my vacation so far 
A++ 
It's a shame not to have gone hereI had never even turned my head when walking past Ocean Prime, so I was impressed upon my first view of the dramatic space and lighting. We settled in easily and ordered a round of drinks and food. The Lobster Bisque was quite heavy. It was nice that there were chunks of lobster, but I would have preferred more and bigger pieces. The Chilean Sea Bass was not as flavorful as I would have liked. I have to say that the steaks at other people's tables looked great and we regretted not ordering beyond the seafood menu.
In the course of the evening, a bug flew into my glass of Pinot Grigio. The waiter swiftly and apologetically replaced my glass and the manager came to check on our table. Then another bug flew into my new glass of wine, and the waiter kindly let me switch to a different wine (which managed to stay bug free for the rest of the evening), which the manager delivered. I was a little disappointed that the $11 wine was not comped, especially after two interactions with the manager in a 10 minute period.great service, excellent food, and a great atmosphere. one of the best Tuna Steaks I've had!We went with a group of 10 for Restaurant Week , but had to split up and sit at two tables right next to each other. 
They were very accommodating . Service was great(Patricia was very nice )  ... the place is beautiful and the meal was delish ! Do not miss the calamari appetizer and the carrot cake to finish off your meal- scrumptious!I ate at this restaurant for restaurant week. I had lettuce wedge salad. It was delicious. For the 2nd course, I had the filet mignon, mashed potatoes, and green beans. The filet was medium well and cut just like butter. The meal was great. I don't eat ice cream, but I tasted it. I can't remember the flavor, but I would definitely order it again.Walked in sat for half an hour and was never served. The hostess thought that we wanted a booth but we had never asked for one to begin with. Left and the manager begged us to stay.Best steak in the area! They make it so flavorful and tender, it doesn't even need a sauce. They also gave excellent goat cheese ravioli. The tuna tartare is really good too, and has some unique flavors in it.I never leave reviews unless the service was extremely good or extremely bad. And unfortunately this place was extremely bad, sorry to say. The food was good. Nothing to brag about and tell a friend to go too. But my waiter who was very nice and attentive gentleman charge me twice on my card!!!! Now this place is already a bit pricey but to later on find out that I was not over charged but double charged!!! Ruined my experience and I will not be going back to this place.Made reservations two weeks ago for a party of 8-9 in celebration of my 35th birthday, however, someone goofed and there were NO reservations under my name nor number. This is what I found out when I called to confirm, but the hostess (I apologize I can't remember his name) was apologetic, accommodating, and we didn't have a wait. 
The ambiance of any restaurant sets the stage - this is where it all begins. The ambiance was great, perfect for any occasion, first date, gatherings, or celebrations.  
Our waiter - Michael, phenomenal and attentive. 
The food mmmmm delicious!! You MUST try the calamari, best I've ever tasted. I had the lamb chops, spinach, and lobster mac & cheese,  scrumptious! The sides are enough for 2 people. My only recommendation is that the restaurant add sweet potatoes (rather it's baked, mashed, or casseroled) this is a MUST have when you want to enjoy a steak. 
Dress casual and comfortable. The valet is $22 (must be paid upon arrival) 
I can't leave this review without thanking Trish also, she was such a big help!! 
Ocean Prime thank you for my complementary birthday cake - no words can describe how good it tasted.We waited almost an hour on a busy weekend night even though we had a reservation.   Bread was a nice warm sourdough that was crispy outside and soft inside.  Our salads both had wilted lettuce.  My filet was fine, but not that hot and not worth $40 a la carte without even a piece of greenery on the plate for decoration.  My husband's steak had to be sent back twice because it was cooked to the wrong temperature.  The sides are decent, not fantastic.  Desserts were very good.  
The service was chaotic and way below polished. What, no freshly ground pepper for my salad?  There wasn't much control over the timing of the dishes being served, so the kitchen was likely to blame as well.  They did remove some of the charges, as they should have-they also forgot to bring our second bottle of wine and several of the side dishes.  What a mess.  If you want to spend this much money at a steakhouse, there are way better choices.Had a great meal here on NYE with my parents. Everyone welcomed us into the restaurant and service was superb through the entire meal. One of the waiters recommended a bottle of Pinot noir and it was one of the best reds I've had. Every plate of food was delicious. We had the crab cake and house salad for appetizers, king salmon, butter fish special, and shellfish Cobb salad. Finally had the blueberry lemon cheesecake for dessert, which was awesome. Not too sweet at all and the cheesecake was nice and creamy. 
Can't wait to come back and try their steaks!!I went for dinner on 12/14/17. The food was good as usual I order the 8oz fillet and my friend ordered the crab cakes. Our sides were garlic mashed potatoes and creamed spinach... every thing was great! The service was impeccable!!! My server was Steven, he is amazing!!! Both managers were very attentive to what we needed. I visit this place often.Had cocktails and dined with a friend on Tuesday night 1/14/14. It was lively at the bar and in the restaurant. 30 to 40 something crowd dressed well. Sports on the TV at both ends of the bar and light pop/rock music faintly in the background. 
Food was fantastic and service was very good. Had the Kansas City Strip cook medium which was excellent and flavorful.Amazing service and even better food.  The seafood here is always amazing, but what is really incredible is how fantastic the steaks are too.  Just perfection.I've been to the Ocean Prime a few times for all different occasions: happy hour at the bar, intimate dinners and private events. Each experiences has been so exceptional I can't fault them for a single thing and had such a great experience there last night I had to express it here. Their food, service and staff have always been awonderful and the space is so beautiful. It's one of my favorite steak houses in the city and I look forward to going back.Currently, this restaurant ranks as #1 in my book as the best steakhouse in the city! 
The drinks were fantastic, the appetizers were delicious, but the best part was the amazing Ribeye steak! It was cooked to perfection, juicy, and full of flavor.
Can't wait to go back again.Absolutely love this place! Service was impeccable, food delicious, and my bill.. well that wasn't the best LOL but it was all worth it.My second time here and wow did this last experience blow me away. Came here for me and my boyfriends anniversary, and not only did they cater to our special occasion (rose petals on the table, 2 glasses of house champagne and a yummy dessert) our server Mike was very impressive and gave us great suggestions on what to order. I hate comparing steak houses since they're all good in their own way, BUT something about Ocean Primes steaks were cooked just perfectly, juicy on the inside with that perfect char on the outside! Pair it with some bernaise or black truffle butter and the flavors are just amazing. Highly suggest getting the berries & bubbles as a drink and jalapeño au gratin as a side, even the house salad was delicious! Thanks for the great memories! Can't wait to come back again and try some other entrees & sides!CHUM BUCKET!!! For starters, why would you be able to place a reservation for 9pm when they close at 9pm? They have a 10 minute grace period, but even if you're waiting at the hostess table for 5+ minutes waiting to be seen, you will still get turned away if it's after 9pm. It was my boyfriend's birthday and they made us feel like the smallest most insignificant people on earth, with no remorse! They do not value their patrons at this establishment and totally have a cocky attitude about it too.  It smelled like a dirty clam in there anyway.This review is for the bar. Awesome happy hour menu, great drinks, and thoughtful staff. Nice building and decor as well. Less crazy/crowded than some of the other happy hour spots in the neighborhood.Great food and phenomenal staff. From the tuna appetizer to the crab cakes to the seared sea bass- great flavor and presentation. We are visiting from out of town and asked about a good place to get Phily Cheese Steaks and they ordered them for us from a nearby restaurant. Totally above and beyond! We'll be back!Great food and great atmosphere. It's everything you can ask for in a steak and seafood restaurant. The only reason I'm giving it a 4 instead of a 5 is because right up the street at Devons is just as delicious, just as great of atmosphere and a little less expensive. Devons also has a superior crab cake if that matters to ya. All and all though ocean prime is absolutely delicious, plus they have much cooler cocktails and the interior in more modern. All personal preference, but I gotta give mine to Devons. If I could give an 4.8 star I would.I was here for NYE 2014. Everything was great. I had the best steak of my life, I had the 10 oz filet mignon. That was too much steak to finish, but every bite was delicious. I also had a specialty cucumber cocktail that was fresh and perfectly balanced. I will come back when I return to Philly.I had my fiancée's surprise birthday dinner here on Saturday and everything was awesome from the moment we walked in until we left for the night. It was a party of 10 and we dined in the Fairmount Room. Loved the ambiance and I'm glad we were in a private room because it was a bit noisy in the main dining area, given that it was a Saturday night. 
The drinks were very good- definitely strong enough to have you buzzed during dinner. I had the cucumber gimlet (delicious) and berries & bubbles (the drink itself was very pretty but I would recommend the cucumber gimlet for taste).
My fiancée had the 10 oz filet mignon with an extra lobster tail for an additional $23. The lobster tail was cooked to perfection. I had the ahi tuna tartare and surf and turf(both were very delicious appetizers and enough to fill you up).
Our server- Rob- was very attentive and with a party of 10 people, he remembered everyone's orders without having to write down anything (and we ordered a hell of a lot). We were all very much feeling our drinks and asked Rob lots of questions which I'm sure he had to repeat over and over but his service was impeccable. 
And when the bill came out, I was shocked to see that it was much less than what I thought it would be, especially because of how many drinks and food we ordered. 
The only thing I did not like was the upstairs bar- $41 for a double shot of grey goose and a glass of Riesling?! Ehhh.I had dinner here during restaurant week and it was perfect. The restaurant itself is beautiful. The noise level was good and it was possible to have a quiet conversation at the table. The dining room is very comfortable and does not feel cramped at all. The food was very good and we enjoyed every bite. I think the main reason I have to give Ocean Prime a full 5 stars is the service. All the staff were friendly, helpful, and professional. Our waiter Shane, was perfection. He was knowledgeable about the food, offered recommendations, and although he was busy he was always available and fussed over us just enough without being intrusive.
Thank you Shane and Ocean Prime for providing an excellent dining experience!I am changing my review for one major simple reason "they care" ! Yes they actually really sincerely care ! 
When you post a review for no other reason then the fact that you have had an experience inconsistent with the quality, great servace and excellent food that you know is the brand of Ocean Prime, they care ! 
I am looking forward to my continued patronage to this location and enjoying the top 5 star food and service that Ocean Prime guarantees !My best friend chose Ocean Prime to celebrate her birthday.  I thought I would really enjoy this restaurant after seeing the menu, however, that was not the case.
After being seated, we were greeted by our server who gave us menus, then disappeared for about 10 mins before returning to take our drink orders.  When he returned, more than 10 mins later, he forgot one of the drinks and it took about 7 mins to get the drink.  After leaving the drink you'd think he would be ready to take our order, however, he was not.  Another several minutes went by before he returned to take our orders, and once again he forgot someone.  We had to call him back to the table to take the last persons order.
You see the trend???
The 8oz filet mignon ordered medium well came out completely under cooked and had to be sent back.  Disappointing.  I've eaten at several amazing restaurants, Ruth's Chris, Del Frisco's, MJ Steakhouse, Morton's, and STK to name a few.  My expectations for Ocean Prime were high, however, the service and the food left much to be desired.  
Our dinner started at 5:30 and lasted until 9:30. I would like to say that this was due to us having a good time, but unfortunately it wasn't. The long expectant waits counted for at least an hour of our dinner.
I really hope our dining experience was the exception and not the rule...Great happy hour with half price apps and a $5 melon-tini (super yum). I also love their calamari which is conveniently on the half prize assortment. Service was great, our waiter offered us another round just minutes before the special ended, a rare and most appreciated opposite of the up-sell.
Cool vibe, sit upstairs in the booths if you get the chance.I recently visited ocean prime with my family and I must say the overall dining experience was excellent and what you'd expect at this level of restaurant. We ordered a round of appetizers, calamari, deviled eggs, the shrimp sauté, all were excellent. The calamari were sweet and kind of an Asian influence. We also had a private room which was awesome for a private dining experience. The waiters that served us were very helpful and let you enjoy your meal, this isn't a place you want to go in a rush, they like to provide you a service and  let you enjoy your meal. I ordered the rib-eye steak as well as some other people at my table ordered other steaks and we all agreed that this was the best steak we have had anywhere. I have eaten at famous steak places in NYC and Chicago but this took the crown. The steak was cooked to perfection. We later learned that the cooks are not allowed to cut into the meat here unlike some other places like Del friscos, it's all done by touch and sight to ensure the flavor and juice is left within the steak. After the meal we all decided on desert, the cookies and crime cheesecake is what I got and it was probably the best thing I've ever eaten, too bad it was a special and I'll probably never get it again! Anyway I would definitely come back to this place on special occasions. It's pricey, but you pay for excellent service and food.What can I say?!  This is a top notch spot and everyone needs to check it out at least once!  It's pricey but you really get what you pay for.  We went for my husband's bday and everything we ordered was amazing!  French onion soup, ahi tuna app, filet, seabass, cheesy jalapeno pots, and the truffle mac and cheese is to DIE FOR!  Even the drinks was amazing!  Try the specialty whiskey one!  Our waiter, Dae,  was great too...he gave perfect suggestions and even brought out the chocolate covered peanut mousse on the house!  LOVE this place!I came here for Center City SIPS on a whim and I'm glad I did. this is one of the classiest restaurants I've been to in center city and the atmosphere is nothing short of alluring. For an anniversary or other celebration I would highly recommend ocean prime!What a beautiful restaurant and wonderful night out. We can't wait to return! We were super impressed with the whole experience from beginning to end and all of the staff from the host stand, to the servers, to the runners, to the managers we're friendly, knowledgeable and seemed to genuinely care about our dining experience.  On top of the beautiful ambiance and stellar customer service, the food was some of the best food I've ever had in my life (and I've had a lot of great food!) You really can't go wrong because everything was so delicious, and there's a great cocktail and wine list to choose from, as well as some delightful desserts. Their desserts are so good, especially the carrot cake. This place is really incredible and should be your go to spot for a nice night out. Enjoy every bite and sip!I've been to Ocean Prime twice. The first time was for restaurant week last year and again for my birthday in April. My review is based on my most recent visit.
We ordered the Shrimp Sauté as an appetizer and it was delicious. It comes with extra large shrimp (4) and the light sauce has a little spice to it. It also comes with cheesy bread that was very good and complimented the shrimp. My husband doesn't even like cheese but really liked the bread. I'd recommend that appetizer. 
I got the teriyaki salmon as my entree. It was just a little more dry and not as bold a teriyaki flavor that I remember before (yes, I got the same thing but the first time was over a year ago). It was just okay this time.
My husband got the ribeye and said it was a good steak. It's not Del Frisco's steak but still very good. He usually likes it cooked medium rare to medium. He got medium since he's never had steak here before and said it was fine, but he could've gone medium rare. He was still happy with his meal. We ordered the lobster mashed and brussel sprouts as sides. The brussel sprouts were a little overcooked. 
For my birthday they let me pick a dessert from the menu that was on the house! It was a nice surprise since most restaurants don't do this anymore! We got the 10 layer carrot cake. It was super sweet, so I could only eat a few bites but it was pretty good.
Larry was a great server and overall we had a really nice night! We'll be back!I've been to Ocean Prime twice. The first time was for restaurant week last year and again for my birthday this week. My review is based on my most recent visit.
We ordered the Shrimp Sauté as an appetizer and it was delicious. It comes with extra large shrimp (4) and the light sauce has a little spice to it. It also comes with cheesy bread that was very good and complimented the shrimp. My husband doesn't even like cheese but really liked the bread. I'd recommend that appetizer. 
I got the teriyaki salmon as my entree. It was just a little more dry and not as bold a teriyaki flavor that I remember before (yes, I got the same thing but the first time was over a year ago). It was just okay this time.
My husband got the ribeye and said it was a good steak. It's not Del Frisco's steak but still very good. He usually likes it cooked medium rare to medium. He got medium since he's never had steak there before and said it was fine, but he could've gone medium rare. He was still happy with his meal. We ordered the lobster mashed and brussel sprouts as sides. The brussel sprouts were a little overcooked. 
For my birthday they let me pick a dessert from the menu that was on the house! Nice surprise since most restaurants don't do this anymore! We got the 10 layer carrot cake. It was super sweet, so I could only eat a few bites but it was pretty good.
Larry was a great server and overall we had a really nice night! We'll be back!This is my go to for a nice dinner. The food and service is amazing. It is pricey but you are paying for a good experience and it's well worth it. The berry and bubbles drink is so good!One of my favorite "special occasion" restaurants in the city. If you think the ambiance is good, the service is even better! If you let them know you are celebrating a birthday or anniversary they greet you with a complimentary glass of champagne upon being seated, which makes everything special. We always get the tuna tartar, the most delicious thing ever!! We also always get something from the raw bar. The oysters are good and the lump crab cocktail comes on dry ice which is an exciting effect. The cocktails are always great as well, they serve up a mean dirty martini. To top it off, the ribeye is always done to absolute perfection and the lobster tail is so fresh and delicious. I've also brought family here and have been told that their crab cakes are the "best they've ever had". The sides are also stellar, the jalapeno potatoes au gratin and the truffle macaroni and cheese are beyond comparing! If you're looking for a great meal, great scenery, and great service you can't go wrong here!!I took my wife here for her 30th birthday. I was truly impressed from beginning to end.  We were seated promptly. Our waitress displayed nothing but great customer service throughout the night. I the steak was prepared wonderfully , very juicy and moist. The crab cakes were tender and fresh. I recommend getting the corn as a side dish because it was excellent. So sweet and delicious. This is definitely a restaurant to enjoy a romantic or business style atmosphere!Had great service and great meal....the sides are the best!!!  This is about our 5th time there and have not be disappointedThe ambience is very elegant and professional, as are the serving staff. The food is very pricey, but one of the best places I've eaten at in a while. The salmon I ordered was perfectly made and the sticky rice and sauce perfectly complimented it. They adjusted the recipe for my dairy allergy and were very accommodating! If you are going to get dessert here, I would suggest the peanut butter chocolate pie (or if you're dairy free like me, the sorbet).We've been here twice and each time we had impeccable service, amazing food and an awesome atmosphere!!  The ambiance is beautiful!!My first time here at Ocean Prime, came for an early Valentines Day Dinner. Great ambience, I actually thgt it would be bigger inside but it was nice, cozy vibe. Everything here is mostly a la carte. My hunny ordered the 10 oz filet with broccoli an cauliflower mix and a baked potatoe. I went for the surf n turf they were calling tonight's special, unbeknownst to me it was 60.00 a 8 oz filet an a lobster tail came with  asparagus. Most of the sides are like 11.00 plus so I guess the price of the asparagus was included. Our server was Dae, he was cool did a good job checking on us and making sure everything was ok. We took advantage of the half priced bottle of wine he suggested. My only complaint was that my steak was dry an had way too much pepper on it. I did eat it however I had to scrape the seasoning off of it because it was just too much! But other then that we had an awesome time out!Since it's restaurant week, my friend and I decided to pick ocean prime as our choice of anticipated restaurants to try! First thing first, the place and layout is beautiful. Aside from the restaurant week menu, we decided to go with the half dozen of oysters as an appetizer.  We got half and half, so 3 were Alaskan oysters and 3 were from the west coast.  The Alaskan oysters were extremely fishy and upon telling my waiter, he quickly appointed someone about it and long story short, they took it off our bill (which was very nice of them since we didn't expect it at all).
I got the filet mignon and my friend got the teriyaki salmon and both entrees were perfect.  The waiters are knowledgable on the the different wine selections and very attentive throughout our whole experience. This was my first time there, but it will not be my last since there are a couple of things i seen on the menu I would like to try for my next visit :)For a high end steak restaurant,  the service was poor and our steak was overcooked.  We had dinner reservations for 4 at 8:30 pm on a Saturday and got seated at 8:50 pm.  Then,  the wait was so long at our table,  that we didn't get served our entrees until 10:30 pm.  For this level steak house,  there are so many other better options in the city.  I would recommend another choice.Update 05/01/2015:
My original five star review, is now a two star review. 
Here's why:
Pros:
-Because it was our anniversary, they put rose petals on the table, gave us each a glass of champagne upon being seated, and gave us a free desert. 
Cons:
-The quality/taste of the food was nowhere near the same as our last visit. Not just one dish. Every dish. From the appetizers, to the entrees, to the sides, we were very disappointed that the food flavor was not as good as the last several times we have had the pleasure of dining here. I'm guessing they have a new chef or line cooks. Whatever happened, the food is not as good and falls way below of their top competition like Capital Grill, Devon's, and William Douglas. Those are what I considered in their league, but now I don't. They don't even hold a candle to Stephen Starr's Barclay Prime or Butcher and Singer. 
-The server "Dae", sold us on an $80 Akoushi steak, which we ordered medium. It came out rare. Like: deep people center throughout. We sent it back, got it back 10 minutes later with an apology, but our sides had cooled.
-We asked for steak sauces, multiple times, and it took several attempts and reminders to get them. These were very small aioli sized metal sauce dishes. Held maybe two tablespoons in total. They charged us $3.00 for a steak sauce. I was shocked. After bringing us a rare (temperature), $80 steak, they couldn't give us a few tablespoons of steak sauce for free. Amazing.
-We asked to share the bowl of Lobster Bisque. We were then told "well you'll need to order two cups instead which costs $8.00 each instead of $13.00 for the bowl". Okay, whatever - charge us $3.00 more, even though every other time we have been there, we were able to share a bowl and even had them split it in the back into two portions for free.  To make matters worse, the soup was bland, had almost no lobster flavor, and was mostly cream. A lot of salt helped the flavor, but what was once our FAVORITE bisque in the city turned into our least favorite. Would not order again.
-To make matters worse, the guys bussing the table are so eager to take plates away they pull them from you while you're eating. We ordered the surf and turf which is short rib and scallops. $17.00 for a very small portion, served over mashed potatoes. It was also once VERY GOOD - this time, of what we ate, we enjoyed, but the bus boy took the plate from us still half covered in food while we were visibly eating. I couldn't understand it. Based on how small the portion started out as, there was practically half left when he took it abruptly. 
-The bathroom was also sub-par for the high-end restaurant they try to be. The handicap stall was completely out of toilet paper. The stall next to it, had zero locking mechanism (so better hope you're not pooping when someone decides to throw your stall door open and peak in on you). 
The only redeeming qualities tonight were the free desert, and glass of champagne, but to tell you the truth, we will not be returning to Ocean Prime with the poor experience we received tonight. Next time we will go with a sure thing like a Starr restaurant or even Devon which consistently delivers a 5 star "Starr" experience with great food, and wait staff.  
Very disappointed to have to lower a 5 star review to 2 stars, but you ruined our anniversary dinner Ocean Prime.My husband and I dined here for an early Sunday dinner.   The service was great.The appetizers were good. My husband ordered the New York Strip it was cooked perfectly and he enjoyed it. I had the rib eye. When we go to steak restaurants I always get rib eye because it has more fat marbled through out. Unfortunately, this steak was totally full of hard gristle which is completely inedible. However, when I told the waiter, he did not hesitate to remove it from our bill. Thank you Michael and staff. 
It's really a shame to be so disappointed at a beautiful restaurant. I thought I'd be able to spread good things about Ocean Prime to friends.Great experience, Ryan our server was fantastic, food was excellent, great wine list.  Definitely will go back,.Excellent food, great service, atmosphere is beautiful.... Management  ensures great service from the second you arrive... One of Philla's best !!Came here during restaurant week last week. It was a last minute thing and I heard plenty of good things about ocean prime. It was not a disappointment to say the least. 
The apps that they offered were the Caesar salad and the seasonal salad. Both tasted good, like any other salad. I got the teriyaki salmon for the entree. It also had sticky rice and a type of mushroom that I forgot the name of. But overall, that dish was super flavorful! The crunch from the carrots gave the fish that extra texture and the fish was cooked perfectly. Lastly, the dessert I got their homemade ice cream in cookies and cream. Got to save the best for last and it was definitely worth it! Super creamy with chunks of Oreo cookie for that extra crunch. 
Love their restaurant week menu and I will definitely come back to try item from their original menu.This steakhouse has a really nice modern decor. It's perfect for birthdays and anniversaries as they will acknowledge the occasion and in our case, put rose petals on the table and treat us to a glass of champagne upon the arrival since it was our anniversary. We ordered a steak tartare, and mixed-and-matched a steak and a fish to create a dinner entree for both of us as well as two side : creamed spinach and Gouda Tater tots. The only reason why I'm giving this place 4 stars, not 5, and ideally it would be 3.5 is because the steak was not the quality we expected. It tasted like a steak you get at outback. The quality or execution just wasn't what you expected of an over $50 steak. Everything else .. the tartar appetizer , the sides, and fish were spectacular.Hi let me start by saying that I really enjoy Ocean Prime. I would say I visit the restaurant on average about 4 times a year with friends for the past several years. My most recent visit June 2017 and 8/2017. The food and the service is always top notch. My concern is with the valet parking company that Ocean Prime uses. I drive a Lexus Gx 470 which I have parked with this same company on multiple occasions for standard valet fee. Last night I was told this is a "Oversized" vehicle and was being charged double the rate. The first issues would be the inconsistency in the parking policy (same company, I asked the manager if there were any recent changes to valet). My second issue is that my vehicle isn't considered "oversized" in any other parking lot/ valet parking that I've used in the city. At the very least I would expect consistency and comparable rates. As much as I enjoy dinner at Ocean Prime, I also enjoy dinner at Del Frisco's, Butcher and Singer, and Chima just to name a few. I doubt that I would spend double the parking rate to eat at Ocean Prime. Valet parking is probably not such a huge deal to some people but I certainly enjoy convenience of not driving in circles for street parking while still running the risk of getting a parking ticket and not walking through a dark parking lot alone at night.One of the best in the USA .
From top to bottom the service, the food, the ambiance, the location and the overall attitude of the people.
We have eaten at this place for special occosions with larger groups and then just as a couple. No matter what the reason we are treated like royalty and the food is incredible.
This is a place that really gets the fact that you don't have to add crap to excellant good food or get super crazy ingrediants fulfilling some food network nerd balls fantasy.
A steak that is prepared well does not need a single thing, yet you will have choices if that is your gig, but in its purest form you won't find better food on this planet. 
Been fortunate enought to eat at some of the best steak places in Chicago and they would be second to Ocean Prime.
I have also eaten at the Columbus location and would report back with the same exact experience !Excellent food, service, and ambience. 
Let's start with the best martini outside of my home.
We made a reservation - easy peasy. Sat down and had a superb martini
As I saboteur the cocktail I couldn't The restaurant is gorgeous. Well-lit with unique lighting and beautiful furnishings. Not very crowded at. 6:30 on a Monday. 
The surf and turf scallop beef rib app was off-scale. The halibut and lobster ravioli was awesome. The ambience and service was superb. 
What's with the $29 for a glass of La Crema Pinot Noir, which is $25 a bottle at my liquor store? And $23 on the Internet?Amazing everything! Cucumber gimlet is so refreshing. Steak incredible. Butter cake spectacular  Ahi Tuna TarTar yummy tooOcean Prime go for the name, the status but the desert sucked major ass and the options are
Too limited for my liking. Their appetizers are good, we had the crab cake and deviled eggs with truffle oil. For my main course I had swordfish with clams my date had the lamb. He liked the lamb, I on the other hand thought my meal was too salty. Over all we had a good time, our wait staff was very friendly and the black orchid cocktail is worth the visit.We loved this place!  We were staying nearby and were looking for a place that had great meat, fish, and vegetarian options as we are a mixed crew.  We stepped inside very impressed and liked what we saw on the menu, so made reservations.
Our server was excellent, best service we've had in a while, and the food was delicious.  Our steak eater was impressed, our fish eater was mesmerized, and our vegetarians very happy : )  The 10 layer carrot cake was a major hit, and the wine choice was excellent.  It felt quiet and intimate at our upstairs table, even though the large place was packed, not an empty seat at the colorful bar!
We will be back next time we're in town, and if you live there definitely check it out!Sigh. I really wanted to enjoy my time here with Ocean Prime in Philly.  I used to frequent the one in Atlanta but it has since shut down.  We arrived and the host had the worst attitude I have ever seen a host have. He was extremely pretentious and super rude. He ruined our surprise cake we had for our friend's birthday as we checked in for our reservations. It could have definitely been an honest mistake but instead of saying "oh sorry" or "oops", he replied with "it doesn't say surprise anywhere you should have told us that it was a surprise we can't mind read." He then went on to just stare at us. I asked the young lady that seated us was he always like that she said your server will be much cooler. So obviously he is. It was all really strange I'm not used to people treating their patrons that way. I spoke to the manager (Jared?) about what happened, he apologized but when asked for the host's name, he replied with "does that even matter?", which I felt was extremely rude. I didn't make a big deal because I wanted my best friend to continue having a great birthday. The reason for one of the stars is because our server Scott was amazing. It was pretty busy in there and we waited quite awhile for food, but his personality and attentiveness to each of us was superb. The second star was because of the food. It was delish! I really hope they get their customer service together, it really put a huge damper to the beginning of our evening, especially for her birthday.Me and my lady went to ocean prime 2 days before Valentine because we both had to work that Sunday and I expected the out most service and that's not what we got, we notice the manger went around to guest tables and greeted them and contrasted with them we received no such greeting. We was set at this small table that could barely fit are plates with loud music playing on the 2nd floor like there was club up there, and my lady notice an incident where guess service was being rude towards another employee who retrieved are coats, I warned about how bad the service was at ocean prime prior to going but I like to know things for myself so I took a chance on it and decided me and my lady would never come here again nor would we recommend it to anyone else for a restaurant to be in such a place as downtown and expansive I expected a more elegant service I'm not gonna complain about the food because I did enjoy my Kansas steak even tho it was burnt on the outside and the lobster was a little bit tasteless well guess I am complaint but I don't think it was worth the 242$ I spent in there.Great experience! We had 5:30pm reservations but got caught in 76 traffic coming from Montgomery County and it took us almost 2 hours. I called and at first was told they couldn't accommodate a 6:30pm reservation.  But like the persistent person I am, I called back 30 minutes later and spoke to someone else and she was more than happy to move our reservation to 6:30. That was kind of odd, the first man didn't even ask who I was or how many people were in my party (it was just myself and my husband). Anywho, we got there at 6:30 and we were seated in a booth right away. Dinner and drinks came out quickly and we even had time for dessert before our 8pm show at the Kimmel Center. The manager came out and gave us two bags of truffle butter popcorn for the show which was a nice gesture being that our dinner was over $200. Overall, great place for special occasions. If we lived in the city it would definitely be an after work cocktail spot at the bar.My two amazing daughters, son n laws, and grandkids took the day out of their busy schedule yesterday evening to celebrate my birthday. The servers were amazing But the chef took the show preparing all of our food to  PERFECTION THE DISPLAY QUANTITY SERVING  OVER ALL THE TASTE WAS DELICIOUS... The shrimp sauté w tabasco sauce, creamed spinach, lobster mashed potatoes, jumbo lump crabcake and butter cake was  delicious. Thank you for great service and will be there more regular with my family.Went to Ocean Prime for our 6 year anniversary. What a great experience! The host asked if there was a special occasion for our visit and they rolled out the red carpet. The staff's attention to our needs made the evening one we not soon forget. Great atmosphere, perfectly cooked fish and the 10 layer carrot cake (yes, we counted) blew us away. Thank you for a great evening!Ocean Prime will always hold a special place in my heart! My husband and I went here the night we got engaged. To say Ocean Prime only treated us with five stars, would be an insult. It's more like 10 stars. We were seated right away into a little corner spot of the restaurant that over looked almost everything in the restaurant. When we got to our table it was covered in roses and we were greeted with a glass of champagne w/ berries almost immediately.  
We ordered drinks as well. My husband ordered a Manhattan and I ordered the Berries and Bubbles cocktail. It has dry ice in it so it's a really impressive looking cocktail. For our appetizer we ordered the shrimp cocktail. Easily the freshest shrimp I've ever had! For my entree I ordered the crab cakes and my husband ordered the king salmon. The portion size was fairly big and just overall SO delicious. 
I would say almost everyone came over to our table that night to congratulate us. They really did an amazing job at making us feel appreciated. Our server was so sweet too and went into great detail about everything on the menu for that evening. 
We shared the creme brulee for desert. Just heavenly honestly. I recommend Ocean Prime to anyone especially if you are getting engaged that evening! Endless amounts of thanks to OP.Amazing!  Michael helped make our 10th anniversary extra special.  Our meal was so delicious, we can't wait to go back!One of the best dining experiences I've had in Philly! My date and I did not have reservations (it was a kind of last minute decision), but the staff was very accommodating and even on a Saturday night we were seated within an hour. We spent our time waiting at the bar where the drinks were great (I had the Pear Grapefruit Fizz which came with a delicious slice of Asian pear in it). We had our appetizer (Ahi Tuna Tartare--highly recommend!) at the bar since it was full menu. We also ended up getting the Bubbles and Berries and the Black Orchid at dinner. The Black Orchid was definitely best tasting but Bubbles and Berries get extra points for presentation!
The ambience was perfect for a fancier date and the waitress was very knowledgeable about the menu. We ended up getting the Lobster Bisque and French Onion soups to start and for the entree we had the Salmon Teriyaki and the Chilean Sea Bass both of which were delicious. Highly recommend the sea bass! The truffle sauce on the mashed potatoes was perfect!When you dine fancy for a special occasion, when you normally would never dream to spend over $20/person on a meal, it's amazing to feel very welcomed despite the innate doubts of being out of place.
Ocean Prime welcomed my boyfriend and myself warmly for our anniversary! They treated us with utmost respect. The servers/waiters were an absolute delight and engaging.
To top that off with delicious, flavorful foods that shock your palate with pleasure made the meal and visit an exiquisite experience. We ordered from the theater menu for $44/person.
Some stand outs were the lobster bisque (every bite was massive with flavor), filet mignon (boyfriend says it was the best steak he's ever had and he's been around the block when it comes to steaks), creme brulee (the custard was DIVINE and full of vanilla tones), and the warm buttercake (warm, delicious, and reminded me of comforts on a cold autumn evening).
Thank you for making our anniversary more special than we could ever imagine. Guys, this restaurant is doing something RIGHT.Had a lovely dinner tonight as a first pick during Philly Restaurant Week. The service was perfect. There were managers visible and active circulating around the dining area. Twice during our visit they stopped at our table to welcome us and to ask about our meal and dining experience. There was a brief wait for our reserved time. We were directed to the bare to wait where we were greeted with seasoned popcorn and offers of drinks. I had their signature bubbling berries martini. It was a real treat! 
The Food
Our server was friendly and knowledgeable. We ordered the Filet and Salmon. The temperature of my medium steak was perfect, at the recommendation of our server I changed my choice from medium-rare to medium. He explained in detail the process they use to determine their steak temperatures followed by a promise to replace his suggestion with my first choice if it was not right for me. My dining partners salmon looked so good that I wanted to put my fork in his plate for a taste.
The lobster bisque was creamy with large chunks of lobster. We both had carrot cake which was a little too sweet for my taste but was delicious. There were tiny layers of cake with cream cheese icing between each layer . 
I would eat here every week if I could ! It would be a great place for a Valentine's Day dinner. (hint, hint)
One big TIP involves the parking. I would recommend using the Valet service offered right in front of the restaurant for $18.00 . (Sunday evening price ) We parked in the closest lot we saw to the tune of $29.00 for just under 2 hours of parking time.We celebrated our ten year anniversary at Ocean Prime. The service was wonderful and the food was perfect. The only complaint was Lobster roll could use some girth.  It was sort of skinny and sad looking still delish, but needing something extra.  
Did I mention the service?  Hands down the best.For a higher end place you would think they have things on time or pay more attention to the customer.
Made a reservation. I was there on time with my party, but I was seated half hour later than expected.... The food was great, which is why I came for. In terms of service, it started out with like 2 or 3 servers and by the time i wanted to get my check there was none to be found.i waited about 10 minutes and then I had to call on a server that was walking by (he was busy with his tables) to get my check. After 10 more mins (I know it was ten minutes because  I had requested my car through text at the valet ) one of the first servers from when we first showed up came by and asked if we needed anything else...i thought I had asked for my check 10 mins ago...overall food great.  Service  both from host and servers not worth it to return..its not too much to ask to be seated, served  food and be given  a  check for the service you have provided. Or maybe it was..Steak was magnificent and the crab cakes were awesome. I love this place.. highly recommend if in the Philadelphia area.The food, the decor, and the service were all fabulous!
I've never had better Red Snapper anywhere!Excellent food. Attention to the tables was top notch. We were checked in on regularly without being intrusive. Our serve Kerrie was one of the best we've had. The Snapper and Sea Bass were excellent and the Butter Cake was phenomenal!  This was not merely good service, but great hospitality.I went here a few weeks ago for an anniversary dinner and I was really impressed. This restaurant  pays great attention to detail and truly delivers a 5 star experience. 
Me and my date split oysters and a lobster for starters, steak with two sides for dinner (the sides are big enough to share), and a butter cake for desert. All the food was delicious, which was pleasantly surprising to me because I often feel like food that isn't steak from a steak house is sort of an after thought. 
Our server Eddie and server assistant Brandon were both knowledgeable, friendly and extremely helpful with recommendations. 
Overall, a great place for a special occasion or even happy hour with your co-workers (great cocktails).Probably one of the most delicious and fulfilling meals I've had in a while but aside from that Kane took care of us so well with drink suggestions to coursing our meal to make it a very nice anniversary dinner. Still regret not trying the last dessert he offered.I've been here for both happy hour and for dinner. Happy hour is amazing, truffle fries were so good, and pretty good drink specials. Lots of people, making for a good scene after work. Also had a delicious dinner. Lobster bisque and wedge starters- both great. Had the scallops and short rib for entree and it was awesome! Other people at my table got the filet and thought it was cooked perfectly. Got the carrots, Mac and cheese and garlic mashed potatoes for sides and I recommend all of them- the carrots were surprisingly good! Sweetly glazed. Service was great, beautiful restaurant. Though there are a lot of high end steak house places, ocean prime is still worth a visit.Came here for restaurant week with friends. We sat at the bar while waiting for our table and there was truffled popcorn that was so tasty. The food and drinks were very good. The only thing was we felt very rushed during our dinner.Wow - absolute perfection from start to finish. Recently celebrated my wedding anniversary here and put that in the reservation notes. We were seated right on time at a lovely booth with some rose petals around the candle. The server could not have been more attentive, recommending various things to us and congratulating us on our milestone. The food came out RAPID fire and was perfect. We ordered the shrimp cocktail (20 dollars for 4 shrimp, but you're downtown in a fancy restaurant, you know?) and it was delicious. Crab cakes and porterhouse were both fabulous as well. After every few sips of water, someone came around to refill it. The server brought us comped champagne and dessert - we felt so special! The experience was lovely, the food was amazing, and our server was the perfect combo of friendly and attentive but not intrusive. All in all, an amazing place to celebrate a special occasion!Walk in and it is a very nice ambience. Our server was quite knowledgeable and also very friendly. Everyone's food was great and the shared sides were a hit. We also shared a couple desserts and the chocolate cake was good, but the creme Brule was just okay. When in Philly, give it a try.Our first time in Philadelphia and we happened upon this gem of a place. No complaints at all. The restaurant is decorated almost like a nightclub. Service is good. Food is amazing. Even the bathrooms are clean and well stocked. A+ experience, and if we ever find ourselves back in Philly, we will come here again.I just had an amazing experience at Ocean Prime.
I chose this place for restaurant week, because it was one of the restaurants offering dishes that they actually serve on their menu.
We got there a little early for our reservation and were seated right away.  I gasped as soon as I entered the restaurant because I was blow away by the "chicness" and ambiance.  We were seated upstairs, and the bus boys served us water right away.  
The only issue I had was that it took about 10 minutes for a waitress to greet our table and take our drink orders.  In my days of serving, I was always taught to greet customers within two minutes of sitting down, so Ocean Prime, take note.
Once the waitress got to our table, she took our drink orders, and everything else was okay.  I ordered the Bubbles and Berries martini which was a really cool cocktail, and my mother ordered a raspberry iced tea, which was the best she'd ever had (I tried it, it was good).
We ordered the sautéed shrimp appetizer which I highly recommend.  Moving on to dinner, we tried the lobster bisque (very good-but NOT better than Devon's), Ocean Prime Salad (fantastic)" and caesar salad (good but too lemony).
For our entrees we ordered the crab cakes and filet.  The filet was one of the best pieces of steak I had ever had (second to Del Frisco's Double Eagle Ribeye) and the crab cakes were good (but Devon's are better).  We also ordered a side of lobster mac and cheese (made by request) which was awesome.
After dinner, I was too stuffed to eat my carrot cake dessert, but I did taste their mango apricot sorbet and that was TDF. I also had their french pressed coffee which was a real treat.  The coffee was soo good, one should only drink it black.
I think I may become a regular here.First of all I want to GIVE  a BIG thank you to our server SAMANTHA. The service was impeccable! She was attentive, informative and accommodating. The food was also great! I celebrated my 30th birthday in this restaurant and it was fabulous! Highly recommend it!I've been to every Starr Restaurant in the city, and this place trumps them all. It's my favorite steak & seafood place within a 60 mile radius, so I highly recommend anyone looking for an awesome meal and wonderful dining experience to try them out. We've tried many of the dishes and they have all been delicious, and the wait service is fantastic. Their cocktail list is also very nice.  If you're looking for a 5 star dining experience, this is the place to go.Excellent food. Attention to the tables was not notch. We were checked in on regularly without being intrusive. Our serve Kerrie was one of the best we've had. The Snapper and Sea Bass were excellent and the Butter Cake was phenomenal!  This was not merely good service, but great hospitality.Amazing from reservation to dessert ! Food was phenomenonal, atmosphere was electric and our service rocked ! Sid is over the top ! He was attentive and made sure everyone from our party of 11 was taken care of !! EXCELLENT SERVICE SID! Thank you Ocean Prime and staff for making my son's 21st Birthday a memorable one !! We will be backMistake was made in the preparation of of my rib eye steak after giving VERY specific instructions about an allergy to the server. This was a problem because I was celebrating my birthday and this necessitated preparing another steak while the rest of my party ate their entrees. This could have spoiled the entire evening but the reaction to the mistake brought out the GM who was gracious and sincerely apologetic. Every effort was made to accommodate us and drinks and desserts were comp'd along with the server being incredibly attentive and kind. The quality of the food is exceptional and the ambiance of the room is beautiful. Our evening ended up to be one that was enjoyed by all despite the rough start! I recommend this place for special occasions!Fantastic food, cocktails, and service. Must haves: calamari and Chilean sea bass. I'm pretty picky about calamari and we left nothing on the plate it was so good.The service was super amazing! I've never had better service than Dymond's. Food was great. Super romantic and amazing star power ambience. You will see all the stars and who's who of the city.Wonderful experience! We brought 2 kids under 7 and they were able to accommodate us with a comfortable booth. Kids menu had great options. Steaks were prepared perfectly. Creamed spinach was delicious! Staff was very attentive and welcoming. Beautiful decor. Definitely coming back!My boyfriend and I came here for  restaurant week. Overall this place meets the expectation of fine dining. The wait staff is professional and courteous. Good ambience. The service was a little slow, but is expected to a certain degree. We did wait 15min even though we had a reservation.
In terms of food, we did the restaurant week menu, which had limited options so may not be a fair representation. We picked the signature salad. Pretty standard and nothing out of the ordinary. For entrée, the filet mignon was good, but did not wow us. The crab cake on the other hand was delicious, very soft and had the right balance of flavor, not too overbearing, accompanied by a corn creamy sauce that is also flavorful but not overalls rich. Desserts were almost a highlight to a certain degree. My boyfriend thoroughly enjoyed his carrot cake and I also loved my sorbet. 
Overall, I'd say ocean prime delivers what one may expect of such place.Met a friend here for happy hour recently. Drinks were decent and so were the appetizers. I would like to see them offer less fried apps with healthier options and perhaps more specialty cocktails in smaller glasses.Seriously worst service ever.  I don't understand why my friends keep going back here for another night sitting around their bar area.  From waiting 2 rounds of drinks of the table nextvto us to get our first drink order in to the 5 + min wait to get silverware while your food gets cold, to the total disappointment in the taste (or lack thereof) the food, other than its physical location, I can't see any reason for anyone to ever dine  here!
If you're going to have to meet people here, be sure to eat first and be prepare to wait for your drinks!I had my birthday dinner here on a Saturday night. The food was exceptional. We started off with a half dozen oysters on the half shell. They were good. They were part of a special menu, not part of their regular daily menu. For entrees I had the 8oz petit filet mignon cooked medium well. It was so soft and buttery. I could never cook a steak like this! My fiance had the 14oz NY strip with black truffle butter cooked medium. He liked his steak! We shared the jalapeno au gratin. It was not too spicy and not too cheesy. It went great with our steaks. With our dinner, I had the Pear Grapefruit Fizz drink which was light and refreshing! It seems like a good drink to have during the summer. My fiance had the Whiskey Clover drink and he liked it. We ended our meal with the chocolate peanut butter pie. It was soooo heavenly!!! With each bite, the taste just kept getting better and better! It was so good! The food and drinks were great here but the service was sloooooow. I am starting to hate corner tables because we get neglected. After putting in our orders, we waited almost 20 mins for our appetizers! It's just raw oysters, how hard is it to put together! It was almost one hour and it took forever for our entrees to come out. I was getting annoyed. And it was hard to flag down our server, he wasn't as attentive as I wanted him to be. It seemed he paid more attention to other tables than us. I was seriously this close to calling a manager over because I was that annoyed. But my sane and patient fiance calmed me down. Overall the food is great but service during our dinner was not so great.Excellent service by Drew, excellent food, and beautiful atmosphere!! Perfect for a night out or a special occasion!!Really sorry to say that our last experience was on par with a run of the mill food experience.
We had 4 people in our dinner party and the waitress was not on a level of servace that we had received in the past.
Personally I ordered the special steak for the evening. If you know OP they take price in the fact that their shelfs are trained not to cut your meat to determine the temperature. They are supposed to be able to know by feel and look. 
In all my years of dining out this is the first time I received a steak delivered to my plate in the following manner. First I ordered my steak charged medium. You can call it Pittsburg but that is more on the rare side and we are always clear "charged on the outside, medium on the inside". The steak arrived at our table on first attempt from the kitchen cut in small pieces in a attempt at an artistic look lol, ok its a steak, a premium steal at $112.00 and I wanted a steal not a statue ! Cut in elaborate small pieces it was also obvious that the steak was very very  rare and not prepared at all in the manner that I requested. 
Perhaps your thinking "maybe they dont have the ability to grill a large steak" wrong, they easily have delivered on this request in the past with steaks in the same size ! New shef, new management is now in the house ! 
So I sent it back, no word, no visit from a manager, nothing , my Fisher Price childlike steak was re delivered by someone that was not even our server nor did anyone come back and say " is it ok now" ? 
I assume once you respectfully make a comment at OP that your not satisfied with your original meal prep they avoid your table for fear of dissatisfaction. 
Our normal server returned from vacation, did not ask how our meals were, the experience nothing ! 
Overall we have been fortunate to compare our experience to many highly rated restaurants.
This place ( Ocean Prime ) has become very disappointing. Not sure we will return with so many options in the Phila area. If your on business with a client, be prepared the business casual dress code has been permantly relaxed to cut off sleeves, Tshirts and really whatever you choose to wear ! 
Shame, this place was class act !A little pricey but the Dynamite roll is delicious! Went here for happy hour so it wasn't as much. The popcorn they had at the bar was THE best popcorn I actually was able to take home a box haha. The goat cheese ravioli was great!For my boyfriends birthday, we spent the weekend in Philly. I picked this place honestly based off of other reviews on Yelp and I wasn't disappointed. Yes, it's pricey...BUT the service was impeccable and the food was really out of this world. They even gave us complimentary dessert of our choice for his birthday. I would absolutely recommend this spot for a special occasion.Update 05/01/2015:
My original five star review, is now a two star review. 
Here's why:
Pros:
-Because it was our anniversary, they put rose petals on the table, gave us each a glass of champagne upon being seated, and gave us a free desert. 
Cons:
-The quality/taste of the food was nowhere near the same as our last visit. Not just one dish. Every dish. From the appetizers, to the entrees, to the sides, we were very disappointed that the food flavor was not as good as the last several times we have had the pleasure of dining here. I'm guessing they have a new chef or line cooks. Whatever happened, the food is not as good and falls way below of their top competition like Capital Grill, Devon's, and William Douglas. Those are what I considered in their league, but now I don't. They don't even hold a candle to Stephen Starr's Barclay Prime or Butcher and Singer. 
-The server "Dae", sold us on an $80 Akoushi steak, which we ordered medium. It came out rare. Like: deep people center throughout. We sent it back, got it back 10 minutes later with an apology, but our sides had cooled.
-We asked for steak sauces, multiple times, and it took several attempts and reminders to get them. These were very small aioli sized metal sauce dishes. Held maybe two tablespoons in total. They charged us $3.00 for a steak sauce. I was shocked. After bringing us a rare (temperature), $80 steak, they couldn't give us a few tablespoons of steak sauce for free. Amazing.
-We asked to share the bowl of Lobster Bisque. We were then told "well you'll need to order two cups instead which costs $8.00 each instead of $13.00 for the bowl". Okay, whatever - charge us $3.00 more, even though every other time we have been there, we were able to share a bowl and even had them split it in the back into two portions for free.  To make matters worse, the soup was bland, had almost no lobster flavor, and was mostly cream. A lot of salt helped the flavor, but what was once our FAVORITE bisque in the city turned into our least favorite. Would not order again.
-To make matters worse, the guys bussing the table are so eager to take plates away they pull them from you while you're eating. We ordered the surf and turf which is short rib and scallops. $17.00 for a very small portion, served over mashed potatoes. It was also once VERY GOOD - this time, of what we ate, we enjoyed, but the bus boy took the plate from us still half covered in food while we were visibly eating. I couldn't understand it. Based on how small the portion started out as, there was practically half left when he took it abruptly. 
The only redeeming qualities tonight were the free desert, and glass of champagne, but to tell you the truth, we will not be returning to Ocean Prime with the poor experience we received tonight. Next time we will go with a sure thing like a Starr restaurant or even Devon which consistently delivers a 5 star "Starr" experience with great food, and wait staff.  
Very disappointed to have to lower a 5 star review to 2 stars, but you ruined our anniversary dinner Ocean Prime.Nice selection of wines including inexpensive but smooth house wines.  Salad was excellent in all ways.  Perfect amount of goat cheese, apple, nuts and great dressing.  Crab cakes were good as well. Reasonable lumps and little breading.  Dessert was good too. Service was ok - slightly slow. Only complaints were it is noisy and also a bit dark.Worth the splurge. Filet mignon was cooked to perfection, truffle Mac and cheese and jalapeño au gratin for sides. DELISH. I'm still dreaming about it. Creme brûlée for dessert.I dined here twice and both times I've had great service. Both times were on the weekend and we sat in the upstairs balcony which was actually more private. I got the brisket and scallops that was actually an appetizer, however it was large enough as an entree. Their portions are all family style so a larger group fits this steak house. I am always pleasantly surprised that their cocktails are quite decadent for average priced drinks in center city. Mine had an edible flower frozen in a large sphere shaped ice cube and my friend got a super cool berry martini that gave off a 'dry ice' effect. We got the peanut butter ganache desert which was beautifully decorated and not too rich.Fantastic food, great service and lovely atmosphere. 
Started with lobster bisque that was perfectly velvety.  Husband started with crab cakes that were the perfect mixture of crab more  crab and very little filler.  I had scallops, he had rib eye steak with sides of truffle mac and cheese and cream spinach.  Overall a lovely meal and we'll be back again.Great Atmosphere, Great Service, Great Food, Great Wine....
What else can you ask for on a special night out?
A bit pricey, but you already know that going into a place like this so no surprise there.
Our waitress was friendly, big smile, and completely knowledgeable on all the wines on the list and helped us find the perfect white for the night, a Riesling, which I might add was 50% off per bottle.  (They are running a special this time of year.)  
The staff of any restaurant can either make it or break it for the establishment and she did not disappoint.  
Will I be going back?  Ohhh ya!  Not a place I'd go to on the spur of the moment.  I'd save this place for that special occasion, with that special someone. 
Ocean Prime, downtown Philly, doesn't get much better for a city this size.  Keep up the good work.Boyfriend brought me here as a surprise to celebrate he end of a long grueling, but successful nursing semester; initially I was annoyed because he had put in a reservation and they mis-scheduled it so it looked like we were days late. However they didn't give us a hard time and sat us immediately, it was great from there. The staff was friendly and bubbly, though I did feel like the waitress took awhile to return to our table at times her personality made up for it. The food was great, the atmosphere clean and beautiful. We plan to be back and with friends !I would never go again and never recommend, too many other lovely steak houses in the city to waste time here. 
Went to Ocean Prime for my husbands birthday, we were a party of four. We checked in at 7:30 to have a drink at the bar, the bar was two rows deep (understandable on a Saturday night) however it took 15 minutes to get a bartender as they were too busy chatting with friends. I ordered a cocktail from their menu, to be made with Belvedere, I watched the girl make it with Kettle One. 
At 8pm we asked when we would be seated, they said they were running behind. The hostess girls were rude, unaccommodating and dismissive. Another 20 minutes went by and we asked again and we were told 10 minutes, in end we weren't seated until 45 minutes after our reservation. The table we were seated at was in the bar lounge, not even in the dining room and we had to look at the back of the dirty bar. 
Our server ended up being very kind and knowledgeable. He made us comfortable and they food was good. Nothing compared to some of the other steak houses in Philadelphia. It was more casual, and the menu southern inspired. The food was not as finessed. 
They did treat my husband to dessert and champagne for this birthday, which was a nice touch, but who doesn't do that...A real five star restaurant. Sometime we Yelpers will use the 5 stars for a great pizza place, nice casual burger or our favorite Chinese take out.  No worries, it's all relative. Ocean Prime is the real deal.  Hot towels come after the seafood tower, hey it cost $89 so it's a nice touch.  Service is top notch where your waiter will describe every dish and your water cup never goes empty. Heck, they even put your napkin back in your lap. 
This was our first visit and like most restaurants, going off hours is almost always a great idea.  Good service becomes fantastic service and the kitchen can really focus on your meal.  Five of us dined on the seafood tower, classic wedge salads some of the best seafood we ever had.  Surprisingly, no one had a steak but we did order the a la cart lobster mac and cheese (which was creamy, tangy and delicious 
All five seafood entrees were excellent.  A highlight was the blackened grouper (I think).  Nice and spicy, as I had hoped.  I often find it amusing to read reviews with people complaining things are too spicy.  There is no such thing as good blackened fish, good jambalaya or good entoufee that isn't spicy.
For desserts, we tried baked Alaska, sorbet and creme brûlée, all were served in generous portions and all delicious. 
Highly recommended!I actually thought walking in here last night was a joke. The staff are all dressed like cheap prostitutes especially the extremely unfriendly bartenders. Ordered 3 different cocktails at the bar, all of them had less than the appropriate count of liquor, priced at 12-14 dollars each. If these were made correctly I would have no problem spending that much. Each person working last night had a horrible attitude and was extremely rude I will definitely not be back.Wife brought me here for my 30th birthday. We did do the valet for $21 that is a little pricy for a 2hr or less dinner but parking garage next door is actually more expensive. She made reservations so we were seated right away. The interior even though it looked kind of small was very nice. With a touch of Christmas decorations which I loved. Warm bread & already soft butter (hate trying to spread cold butter it doesn't work) was given to us. Our waitress was veryy nice and attentive she earned her tip! We both got the Sundays surf & turf $55 deal which includes soup or salad. 8oz filet with choice of seafood (we got crab cakes) & a choice of a side. 
We were given a dessert menu so I can pick out which one I wanted & it was free because it was my birthday that was pretty cool 
Food was very tasty I will definitely come back to try other things on the menuI went here for restaurant week so let's break it down
Caesar salad---very fresh....tasted like Kens salad dressing but I'm not sure
Filet Mignon--Great!!...asked for medium--outer part was medium-well but center was a perfect medium
Sides---I'm not impressed when higher priced restaurants serve string beans, I just think that they don't show a chefs culinary skills...the mashed potatoes were excellent 
Dessert--one of the best carrot cakes I've ever had
Overall a great experience with an incredible dessert so I will eventually returnThere for dinner work event and ordered the $44 New York Strip. It was the worst piece of meat I've ever been served in my life. It was full of gristle, chewy, tough, etc. I literally have never been served anything worse, and I can eat just about anything!!  Had I not been at a company event, I certainly would have rejected this meat, but I couldn't make a scene. I simply could not eat the expensive piece of meat on my plate and needless to say, I will never return there.Amazing food, service, and atmosphere!!  Our server Joel could not have been more polite and accommodating. We will go back soon.This is definitely the place if you want to enjoy highest quality food, service and ambience. Well maybe not ambience. But if you feel like splurging, you won't be disappointed. We visited the place in October 2013 and were happy to get a table upstairs. Downstairs seemed a little crowded. Both our waitress and busboy were great. Attractive, funny and attentive. The food was delicious and ten layered carrot cake was the best damn dessert I've had in my life. Will definitely go back.If you are looking to spend a good deal of money on a steak and seafood dinner, there are many other places in center City that you should consider before this place. Management and staff were just friendly enough to think that we weren't completely wasting our money. The appetizers were very good. Wife had tuna tartar and I had the French onion soup. However the lobster mashed potato side was underwhelming and the black trouffle Mac and cheese makes you wonder why anyone ever thought putting black trouffle on Mac and cheese was a good idea. Add this this to the fact that both of our steaks we're overcooked. Overall it was a very unimpressive meal and not nearly meeting the caliber or the other reputable steak houses in the area.Wonderful anniversary celebration dinner with my husband at Ocean Prime. We had a 7 pm reservation and got there @ 6:45 pm so had to wait few minutes. Our server and his assistant were wonderful. I had the ahi tuna as appetizer and Chilean sea bass as entree. Husband had dragon roll and the ahi tuna chef special as entree. We both enjoyed our dinner! To top off the dinner we had Creme brûlée and their French pressed coffee. The best coffee we've ever had! We will definitely return for another special occasion.Excellent and friendly service. The waiter was very attentive to all our needs and explained in detail all the specials for the evening. Great food selection. We got the steaks as an entree and were very pleased with them. They were done to perfection. We ordered several sides for the table to share and were pleasantly surprised with the mac and cheese with truffle oil. The creamed spinach, twice baked potato and steamed broccoli was also very delicious. The restaurant was beautifully decorated with trendy warm lighting and a huge floor to ceiling brightly lit bar with brightly colored bottles. It was my son's birthday and they gave him a complimentary dessert from any of the dessert selections on the menu.  Great experience!So this is a relatively high end seafood restaurant so my expectations were that it was going to be a very good experience. I was traveling and wanted an upscale seafood experience. Great wine, great menu, has interesting and well crafted options, great service, etc.. Unfortunately it fell flat on almost all fronts. Yes, the food was better quality than a low end diner, but when I spend $150 on dinner (it was just me) I expect it to be great. 
I had a house salad for an appetizer along with the shrimp cocktail. I think the shrimp cocktail was the best thing of the whole meal. Salad was not as fresh as I expected although the dressing was nice. The waiter started off well, by introducing himself, but really didn't take the time to talk about the menu and I had to ask about specials. I ordered the halibut, which, after asking what the asterisk beside the listing meant, was a house specialty. After the waiter brought out the entree, he came by again before I had even tried it to ask how everything was. In addition, he never once even stopped walking by my table when asking any question the two other times he was in my vicinity....like I wasn't worth the extra 10 seconds.  
After completing my entree, my plate was cleared without anyone asking how everything had been and I did want to share that the halibut was overcooked. A short time later, i was asked if i wanted dessert, which I did. After brining me a dessert menu, nothing was recommended...simply dropped on the table and the waiter immediately left. I ordered the creme brûlée and a port. The port was excellent, but a bit on the expensive side for most restaurants. The creme brulee was runny below the crust and not all that flavorful. Again, no one asked me how I liked the dessert or the port. The waiter strolled by after I had finished everything, and like every other time, he didn't stop walking and simply said, "I'll bring out your check".
I hope this is NOT the normal experience most diners have here, but it was mine and I thought I would share.Food: I've been here twice. The food was great both times even for restaurant week. I had the filet mignon and the crab cake. Also had the half shell west and east coast oysters which were great too. We went on a Tuesday and the oysters were half off ($9 for half a dozen). The berry bubbles martini was delicious. 
Atmosphere: Nice restaurant for a romantic date. Also saw a lot of businessmen there too. Service was okay. We didn't get our drinks until we got our entrees during my second visit. 
Parking: center city parking can be difficult but for a week day it was fine. They also have valet parking for $18.I've been to this restaurant a handful of times, and have never been displeased.  The hostess' and waiter/ess' are all friendly, knowledgable and helpful.  
I went here on a friday night, with reservations made in advance.  We had a party of 6 adults and 2 children.  We were given an area away from everyone else (as I had requested) just in case the children got loud or fell asleep, we did not want to ruin other patrons experience).
I came here for my husband and my 1st wedding anniversary with my parents and siblings.   We come here often for celebrations, as it is a beautiful restaurant, and the food has always pleased.
This time things were off a little. My soup was a bit disapointing as it was not as hot as it should be and tasted more creamy then tasteful. My mother thought her chicken was too salty, and with no questions asked, the removed it from the table, and a manager came to apologize, though it was not needed.. it was nice they went above and beyond.
My brother who is a steak guy thought everything was perfect from the delicious calamari (which i recommended), the cocktails, steak, down to the coffee.  He's not hard to please, but won't make comments which aren't true.  
However, two things that I think need mention. I called in advance to find out the valet price so I could give me sister a friendly heads up. The hostess advised it was $21.. ok great.  Upon arrival, the gentleman taking care of the valet, told them it would be $40 since they had a mini van. This was disappointing as they were out of towners, coming in with their two little girls, which is why they have a mini van to begin with.  The other thing was that once our check was paid, we walked away, and a manager ran up to our table and pointed to the check and gestured to another waiter.. as if to make sure we paid the check. I thought that was a bit tacky and not needed. Obviously we were not going far because we had to wait for our valet anyway. Needless to say, we spent $500++ and I have dined there before. Not sure what was up with that.
Anyway, I wont let one person ruin my past experiences there and my recommendations to others who are looking for a nice restaurant to go to close to city hall. Cocktails and Appetizers are amazing- ALWAYS.Came here with my parents and boyfriend for some drinks for my birthday. We were greeted by this blonde bartender named Lily. My dad is a sarcastic guy and said we had just spent 3 hours in the Apple store...getting our phones fixed...and we were exhausted, all in a joking manner. She responded with a bitchy attitude saying "guess what, I spent all day working here". We get it, it's 10pm and it's been a long day. But coming from the bartending and waitress job, that's not how you get tips and repeat clientele. She basically threw our drinks at our table and stomped away. Ocean Prime please please please fire this girl. She does not in any way show any class or present your wonderful restaurant in a good light. Besides that our drinks were fantastic and thankfully we got a different waiter by the end of the night.The best! We have eaten at all the best restaurants in Philly, and just discovered that Ocean Prime is the best of the best; best ambiance, best wait staff, and best food. The soft pretzel bread was amazing. The twin lobster tails were the best I have ever had. The waitress explained that the seafood is not frozen, but is flown in daily. That must be the secret in addition to the chef's light touch. Brussel sprouts and cesear salad were excellent, and fresh anchovies are available upon request. We aren't talking slimy canned anchovies either! Hubby had steak, which he loved (Kansas City strip). Neither of us had alcohol based drinks or dessert, since we are on a lower carb food plan, and only allowed ourselves one piece of the warm delicious bread. We look forward to returning often, to our newer favorite restaurant.Great food and great service. I will definitely be back. I had the chopped salad and a twice backed potato that was amazing :D
We sat at the bar and had a server/bartender she was super helpful. I had the vodka infused with pineapple on the rocks! SOO YUMMY! 
WIll be back !!We celebrated our 6th anniversary at Ocean Prime for dinner. The service was great! The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because my husband did not care for the lemon blueberry cheesecake that he had and the roasted Brussels sprout were cold. Everything else that we had was great from the bubbling berry, lobster tail, scallop and short ribs, and the butter cake.The food, decor and ambiance was great!   We had a bit of await though even so we had a reservation.  However, staff was nice and accommodating and food was well worth the wait!    Had the Salmon Teriyaki...was great.  Definite recommend and returning guest.So this is a strange one.... Been here 2 times.  First time I came here for guys night I thought this is a top tier steakhouse in the city.  The atmosphere is awesome, very high ceilings and the bar goes all the way up with really cool lighting and decorations.  The most important part to me personally is service and I absolutely loved it. Our waiter Chris was very friendly, made some great suggestions, and gave us great details about different types of meats, so we can determine which steak each one of us prefers. The drinks were also really good..... The berry martini with the smoke and bubbles is really cool and definitely different..  Chris gave us his card after dinner and welcomed us back.  He even mentioned that he would do his best to be our waiter if we request him
In advance.  If i rated the restaurant after this night, I would of given it 5 stars. However, there was a second time that I came here on a date.  The girl that waited on us was an amateur, she probably waitressed at some diner prior to being here. She wasnt friendly, and was clueless about the menu.  She even screwed up the coffee by bringing us 2 french presses when I told her I want 2 small cups of coffee. Instead of apologizing, she blamed it on me saying I asked for "2 cups", and still charged for both even though we only had one.  This place is still new,  and im sure they will filter thru all the bad servers within the first year.  once the veterans are in place this place will be superb. For now, im going to stick to coming here for happy hour and will save my $100+/person dinners for another place.  I will review this again in 6 months and hopefully my feelings will change.Great upscale seafood spot in the heart of Philly! 
Jerome our server was on point start to finish. Jasmine the host had a great personality as well. We will definitely return when in the area!We came here for restaurant week. I feel like food at restaurants aren't as good during restaurant week but it could just be me. I got the following: ($35)
Ocean Prime House Salad- average, lots of apples in the salad
Filet Mignon- medium rare- I was sad that the outside was burnt. The inside was medium rare but when you bit into the steak the burnt outsides kept covering the flavor. It wasn't juicy either and kind of hard to chew. 
Sorbet - lemonade flavor with an almond cookie- not a fan of lemonade so this isn't their fault
The other choices on the restaurant week menu are as follows:
Apps- Caesar salad , Lobster Bisque (my friend got this and I thought it was really good- recommend getting this)
Entrees- Salmon Teriyaki- I had a bite of my friend's plate and it was really tender and flavorful- outside was a bit burnt as well though 
I forget what the other choices were but there were 2 more for entrees.
Dessert- Basset's ice cream and 5 layer carrot cake
Service is wonderful. I think I was just upset about the filet mignon being burnt outside. I might just have to come back during regular times and not at restaurant week.I give this place a 4.3 out of 5.  I thought my experience was a very good one.  The service was really good and they were very on top of you without being annoying, which I appreciate.  For the meals I had the house salad which was very fresh and full of a lot of summer flavors.  For entree I had the sea bass which was cooked and seasoned to perfection though the sides on the dish were lacking as they did not hinder or help the dish at all and I could have had just the fish as is. For desert I had the white chocolate lime tart and it was decorated interestingly but overall a decent desert.  For drinks they had a very good wine selection and many different cocktail and beer drinks.  Overall this was a great dinner and I would recommend coming here with a date or a group of people for an enjoyable experience.My first time to Ocean Prime and sad to say this will be my last especially with the selection of upscale steakhouse and seafood restaurants there are in the city. I was celebrating my fiancé's birthday and we chose Ocean Prime for their crab cakes. Unfortunately this restaurant missed the mark in every last category - service, food and valet.
Service - server not attentive and possibly had too many tables. We were clearly done eating for at least 15 minutes, the busser finally came over to clear the table and bag up leftovers and we had to ASK for a dessert menu. Why wasn't this offered? Even that took another 5 minutes to get. I told the waiter it was my fiancé's birthday and we got a chocolate placard on the dessert that said "congratulations", NOT "happy birthday".
Food- we both order the crab cake entree. Portion wise it was good as you get 2 crab cakes however we were informed that they "tweaked" the recipe 4 days ago. The crab cakes we received were not what we've heard folks rave about. They had a weird cheap thick Panko crust, lots of cheap filling and a weird frozen supermarket style after taste. I tried to get the managers attention and asked the waiter if I could give feedback and the manager never came over. He only came by in the very beginning of the meal as we were taking our first bites, kind of hard to give valid feedback after one bite of a meal. For an upscale restaurant, those crab cakes were pathetic. Do not order until they revert their recipe.
Valet- apparently they park cars blocks away near Fogo de Chao. This is not an efficient system and takes forever. We waited in the rain for 20 minutes for our car.
Overall 1 star for the price and reputation. Overrated, there's plenty of other quality restaurants in walking distance.Unfortunately they're inconsistent with their ability to serve a well cooked piece of fish. For $40 plus side dishes, I expect perfection. This time it was the Grouper and it was like rubber. Last time it was a terrible swordfish. Since this is my third bad experience, I will stick to meeting friends at the bar for appetizers at happy hour and simply getting killed on their drink prices. At least the bartenders are awesome people with skills...Even though this was my first time here, I can already tell that it's going to become a favorite of mine. Service was amazing, our waiter was very kind and attentive. For drinks, my fiance ordered the rum punch which had an interesting flavor. I ordered what they call berries and bubbles. The drink came in a martini glass and the bubbles were created by safe to drink dry ice. It looked like a bubbling cauldron! The FOOD WAS AMAZING. I ordered the ribeye which was just perfection. I also ordered the roasted brussel sprouts which sadly, was the only disappoint of our meal. They felt undercooked and had a raw taste. My fiance ordered the scallops with risotto and he thoroughly enjoyed it. For dessert we had my favorite creme brulee and the restaurant's favorite butter cake with ice cream. Can't wait to come here again!Tha ambience was lovely. As soon as the four of us were seated the evening started to an amazing experience. Our waiter Kane was a special kind, caring individual. It was a real pleasure to have a real professional person help make this evening enjoyable.
The choices of the menu where really excellent selections-something for everyone.
The food was presented beautifully.
The fish was so fresh & prepared with perfection.
The owners should be very proud about everything and everyone that works at Ocean Prime! What a gem in the city of Philadelphia!In general this is a three star steak house masquerading as a 5 star steak house. It was definitely better than outback but much worse than top steakhouses like Barkley prime, cap grill and Del friscos. 
First the service. Our waiter Joel was more interested in talking to his friends by the kitchen than following up with us. My friends salad with dressing on the side didn't have any dressing at all and he ate half of it while waiting to get our waiter to ask for the dressing. This continued throughout the meal. Don't get me wrong not the worse service I've ever had but I have higher expectations for this level of restaurant. 
I can't comment on the fish because we only had steaks and appetizers. The sushi was pretty good and the steak was good but not great. 
As far as ambiance this is one really cool restaurant. I really liked the feel of it. The architecture and the lighting. I think it's actually nicer from that perspective than Barkley and certainly capital but maybe not as cool as Del friscos. 
I will say the drinks were awesome. We had a few cocktails and they were top shelf (pun intended lol). I had one with muddled cucumber which was really good and then I had a tequila cocktail which is an off menu gem. Highly recommend the cocktails.I came here for restaurant week with my cousins. When I first walked in, I was blown away by how beautiful and clean the place was. Very chic and I loved the lighting. We got seated quickly(we came for lunch). When we sat down, the waiter asked if we would like figi, pellegrino or "regular" water. We're not ones to be too fancy so "regular" was fine. I ended up ordering the Filet, which I asked for to be cooked medium but came out almost just rare. I ate around the sides that weren't as red as the middle and ended up taking it home to cook myself. Given, I usually never eat filet that red, there was a bite I took that tasted fine. Some steaks have an awful taste when it is still "alive." Why didn't I ask for them to cook it again? I pretty much beat it all up from cutting at the sides already. So whatever. I also ordered a side of fries and that took FOREVER so our waiter ended up saying it was on the house. By the time that came out I didn't even want it anymore so I took that home too. 
Service was overall good. But there were 4 different waiters serving us, is that normal? One thing I did like was that they kept up with refilling our water. I hate when places wait until your glass is basically empty before refilling. Overall, my cousins enjoyed their meal. I seemed to have the only problem. I guess it's a hit or miss here.Just wanted some good food, good drinks and to finish celebrating with the bride & groom last month but instead I've got false info on how my food is prepared, BURNED on my arm,and double charged for my food and also the party was charged for the FREE DESERT THAT WAS OFFERED TO THEM BY OCEAN PRIME. Never in my life had I experience that type of treatment from a business that was totally in the wrong due to negligence of  employees. The celebration came to an end quickly and so did my night. All I was just asking for was a little compassion. First and last dining with them. Unfortunate cause it's a beautiful restaurant.My bf has been dying to try this place for months! And what better opportunity to go but for his bday! (It just happened to land on restaurant week as well) We made reservation at 8pm and were seated immediately. 
When we walked in, we were impressed with the decor. The restaurant is very nice and not too noisy for us. Our waiter wasn't really tentative. He only came back once to ask us if we liked our appetizer that we ordered off the restaurant week menu. We got fried calamari which was very tasty but we felt that it had TOO much sauce on it and made us somewhat thirsty. Off the restaurant week menu, we both ordered the lobster bisque and it was alright. We definitely had better at other restaurants. For our entrees, we ordered the crab cakes and filet mignon. My crab cakes were delicious! You can taste and see the pieces of crab meat. My bf said the filet mignon was just ok; he ordered it medium rare and got it cooked too well. Our waiter never came back to ask us if the entrees were good since he was too busy waiting on other tables. The bday boy was disappointed that he wasn't able to let the waiter know and that his entree wasn't what he expected. However, I was nice enough to share my crab cakes. For desserts, we got sorbet and ice cream which was just one scope each. 
Overall, the restaurant itself is very nice inside but with the service and the disappointment of the steak.. We will not be returning. Unfortunately, I couldn't rate the restaurant based off my entree only which would've been 4-5 stars but on my overall experience.This is the worst smelling establishment in the entire Philadelphia area. You can smell it from market and there is a permanent pond within 10 feet of the front door.  I don't know how anyone could walk by something that smells so foul and still enter.
If you like eating in an environment that smells like the old packingtowns of Chicago this place is for you. Unless they clean up the place I suggest avoiding it and any other food places within a block.I enjoyed every bit of my dinner at Ocean Prime. Although it's pricey, it's worth every penny. I had the 16oz ribeye cooked medium, it was perfection. I also had a side of parmesan truffle fries, which I wasn't crazy about they were too thick cut for me. I also tasted a friends corn and it was amazing. My cocktail, berries and bubbles was delicious!Beautiful place! Bad drinks and the female bartender didn't seem very knowledgeable. I asked for proseco and her response was we're out but I have rose. What do these 2 things have in common? Our server was Diamond. He and his assistants were excellent. The meal itself was a bit disappointing. I felt let down. It wasn't bad but not to the caliber I expected from this restaurant. I will say the carrot cake was lovely. Maybe I'll go back. I don't know.This review was during restaurant week. The drinks were great, I had to try the Berries & Bubbles after seeing it in other reviews, and it's just fantastic. The bread they served was just o.k. nothing special, next came the salads, fresh and tasty. For entrees we tried the teriyaki salmon and the filet, both were excellent. Desserts were good as well, that carrot cake is delicious.The service was a bit slow, but the restaurant was busy & wait staff running all around trying to keep up. The center dining area is noisy so it was tough to have a conversation I probably would have liked the balcony seating better. My experience was food - excellent, service - good, atmosphere - dim lighting and a bit noisy, Valet parking $21 steep!I am hesitant to give out a 5 star rating to restaurants, but Ocean Prime earned each star!
My sister and I went, without rezzos, on a Wednesday during restaurant week at 7:30. They were happy to accommodate us and barely made us wait. We had the dream team serving us--Robert and his associate James. Honestly-they were so hospitable and friendly and on top of things that we asked to speak to a a manager when we were done to compliment the service. 
On top of impeccable service, the food was delish! The menu for restaurant week was basically their normal menu, they only opened the week before so used the event to highlight their top dishes...and they sure did that! 
The bread they give you...AMAZING! i think its a sourdough and youll need to physically restrain yourself from devouring the whole warm loaf. Lobster bisque to start - very good flavor with some nice lobster pieces. I got the scallops and my sister got the filet. Scallops were good-as expected, but the filet! It melted in your mouth! The flavor was stupendous. Whipped potatoes super tasty too. Finished with 10 layer carrot cake and the sorbet of the day (mango apricot) and cake was solid-little lemony so refreshing, and sorbet was bomb delicious. 
Great wine list too with plenty of options in different price points. Cool ambiance, I can see that it could draw a hoity-toity crowd, but I think you could get away with nice jeans ( ladies and gentlemen).
Definitely returning and will definitely ask for Robert!Absolutely amazing! We had a party of 10 and we had our own private room. The food was fabulous. First off the bread was a fresh baked sourdough and we had 3 rounds of it. It was the best bread I ever ate.  The lobster bisque soup was amazing and dipping the bread in was the icing on the cake! I had the scallop dinner which was so wonderful. My friends had the filet and it was to die for!! The sides are extra but they are big enough to share 2 or 3 people. I shared lobster mashed potatoes and let me say I could eat that everyday! It was pricey however it was so worth it!Ocean Prime has great service and the icing on the cake is the front door girl named Brittney. Super sweet and very helpful during our first time dining. I will be back to Philly if only just to go back here.  The fresh press coffee is great too!A fantastic dinner last night with my entire family.  The atmosphere was electric and matched with the food.  Truffled deviled eggs, tuna tartare, and goat cheese ravioli were the headliners for appetizers.  The deviled eggs are the best I have ever eaten!  My daughter devoured the tuna tartare.  Mains consisted of cowboy steak (bone in ribeye) -- my son said it was cooked and seasoned perfectly; sea scallops with risotto (great pairing); rack of lamb (my daughter said it was the best entree she has eaten); chilean sea bass; and finally king salmon with gnocchi.  Desserts (chocolate cake, creme brulee, blueberry cheesecake were all outstanding and the butter cake with ice cream -- hot out of the oven -- was amazing.  Frank Hess, the GM, stopped by several times to ensure that we were all taken care of, which was a great touch to our evening.  It is now our go-to spot in downtown Philly!This place is rad.
There was no part of my experience with which I had a problem.  Drinks at the bar were great.  The food was spectacular.  The atmosphere was energetic and lively.  And, I received some of the best service I've ever had.  Thank you, Kevin.  And thanks to everyone at Ocean Prime for providing my friends and I with an unforgettable night.I came here for restaurant week with my boyfriend last night and we were seated immediately. Our table was a booth type and could've seated at least 4 people. There were no other tables free so we had to sit there. The service was great and the food was good. Nothing outstanding.We had a wonderful experience tonight! As soon as we walked in the door we were greeted by a very nice woman.  We both ordered Fillets cooked perfect, and jalapeño au gratin and the chophouse corn is so amazing. Our server was a young man named Ramsey and he was such a great server.  He recommended the corn which I'm so glad he did.  It was an amazing 3rd anniversary dinner!! Thank you Ocean Prime!!Just returned from a fantastic dinner at Ocean Prime. The decor and ambiance really helped make the night feel special. Wait til you see their bar--quite a colorful view. The service was a little erratic at times (our entrees came out while we were finishing our apps) but overall excellent. The food was cooked to perfection! My wife and our friends each had the Ivory Salmon special while I ate the Scallops and Short Rib app for dinner. Everything was amazing and the Baked Alaska was the perfect way to top off the evening. Will certainly go back again.My evening here was excellent.  The atmosphere was my favorite part of this restaurant.  Its full of people dressed great and ready to enjoy a night out.  Our server Crystal was wonderful.  She was insightful and funny.  Always made sure we had what we needed and were enjoying our orders.  From the surf and turf and crab cake appetizers to the delicious 10 layer carrot cake... Everything tasted and looked great.  Even the petals that were frozen into the ice cube in my cocktail.  Pick a date.  Make reservations.  And get over to this place.  Its amazing....Awesome, hip and upscale!!! Outstanding restaurant with great vibe and even better food......Service is very good.....just a really, really cool spot.  We've been twice and have reservations for this Saturday.  
We started with Ahi Tuna tartare, I had the Kansas City 28 day dry aged and my wife had the special, Halibut.  Our side was truffle fries and we finished with another special, chocolate bread pudding.....everything was excellent.  Well prepared and beautifully presented.  Our server, Irish Mike was attentive without being overbearing .  
I just started leaving reviews at Yelp but my wife and I have been to the finest restaurants in and around PA and NJ to include Barclay Prime, R2L, Morton's, Bull and Bear, Stage Left, Frog and the Peach, Butcher and Singer, etc...Ocean Prime is top tier!!! Check it out.I want to start with saying our server, Leah, was fantastic. She had the best recommendations and everything she said sounded perfect then definitely did not disappoint. (I tried everything she suggested) The berries and bubbles martini was picture perfect and had a taste to match. The sweet thai chili calamari was a great combination of spicy, sweet and seafood. The filets were cooked amazingly. We were so full you could not even move but we wanted to finish every bite. But of course you can not forget dessert which again was so good. I could not have asked for better service or food. I highly recommend the restaurant entirely and Leah for being so accommodating and enthusiastic.I can't really think of anything I didn't like about dining here last night for Restaurant Week. The interior is gorgeous, the service is classy, and although this rarely happens, I was already thinking ahead about other occasions to return while I was eating. 
The food and beverages were top notch from beginning to end. My sister and I coincidentally both ended up getting the House Salad, Filet Mignon, and 5-layer carrot cake. Everything was excellent, including the bread basket - fresh, warm, and moist bread with a delicious crust and a side of whipped butter. Our salads were decent sized and had a great balance of leaves, fruit, and nuts, tossed in a light vinaigrette. Unlike some other reviewers', neither of our filets were burnt. They were tender and juicy on the inside and perfectly done on the outside. 
The drinks we got with our meals were also delicious and unique. I had the Black Orchid, which was sweet, with herbal hints, and had a giant marble-like ice cube with a real orchid floating inside, keeping my drink nicely chilled throughout the meal. My sister had the famous Bubbles and Berries, which was more tart in taste, but still very fruity and was kept bubbling and sublimating throughout the meal by what looked like dry ice powder. 
The atmosphere is definitely very dressy, and everything went very smoothly from making reservations to leaving the establishment (a lot of communication and friendly service throughout). Props to the staff and management for their diligence and attention to detail in creating great dining experiences.Though I will always favor local establishments, this is one chain I welcome in Philadelphia. Food doesn't pack a whole lot of flavor but is well prepared and presents itself beautifully. The crab cake is a must try and is probably the most flavorful dish on the menu. The lobster bisque is also very nice. The service is attentive but not overly warm and that's where I miss the personal attention of a neighborhood gem.So after much talk and hype about this establishment, my friends and I decided to give it  try during Restaurant Week! Let's just say NEVER AGAIN!! Our server was Kevin and he was the absolute worst.He seemed annoyed with our table from the very beginning. He was extremely rude and obnoxious. For  starters he got our drink order wrong and when we told him about it his response was "well I don't make the drinks". Next it took him another 20 minutes for Kevin to take our order. While my friend was eating her caesar salad, she stops and pulls a staple out of her mouth!!! We informed our server, he was just so nonchalant about it he went and got the manager. The manager came over and was very apologetic and was concern for her well being. He also offered to replaced the salad, which she declined.  The main course came out which was the teriyaki salmon and my guests had filet Mignon. The food was bland,tasteless.Not once did he come to check on us to ask was everything ok, but the manager did. He avoided our table like the plague, ok. The next time we did see our dear server he decided to bring our dessert over which we declined. He got an attitude with us. Like seriously dude!!!, if you would have came over to our table you would have know we wanted our dessert to go. Later he brought out a huge slice of chocalate cake and a scoop of ice icream as a courtesy for the mishap earlier on behalf of the manager.
I have never been so happy to have the check come while out dining. The best part about Ocean Prime was leaving! I will be avoiding this place just like Kevin avoided us!Food and drink was delicious. The waiter was the friendliest person I've ever met. Definitely going backAfter reading the review Ocean Prime received from the food critic of the Philadelphia Inquirer, I went into our meal there with very low expectations. I usually take some of what he says with a grain of salt, but he had torn them apart so badly, it almost made me want to try it to see if it really was that bad. Luckily I got a gift card for dinner there for Christmas, so I took my fiance out there one night without having to actually shell out much $, so if it didnt go well, I wouldnt be too upset with it.
Other than the service which I thought definitely needed some work, our meal was excellent. While we did not test the waters of dessert, we did have a delicious appetizer and entrees. Prices are steep dont get me wrong, but its a high end chain steak and fish house, so if you go in expecting not to drop some serious dough, you are expecting too much. Do I think the prices of the fish entrees are fair? Not really, but they werent so high that I would never come back.
We wound up starting with a beer and a lychee martini as well as the tuna tartar. It was not what I have come to know as a traditional beef tartar, but it was delicious nonetheless. It was layered with avocado and drenched in a salty and tangy ginger, ponzu sauce. The tuna was incredibly tender and paired surprisingly well with the creamy avocado.
My entree, a filet of blackened snapper served over a bed of vegetables and a corn tartar, left my nostrils running quite a bit. But the sting of that spice enhanced the flavor of that delicately flaky white fish so well, I devoured each and every bite. I was less impressed with the corn tartar, the texture was very mushy and the sauce just made it more soggy. I could have done with just the fish and the veggies to be honest. 
My fiance ordered the teriyaki salmon with shittake sticky rice and soy butter sauce. The fish and the rice were outstanding. The glaze was sticky and sweet on the exterior of the charred fish and the rice had amazing texture. However again I thought the plate was oversauced and I really didnt think it needed the sauce at all. 
Overall it was a really nice meal and a fancy schmancy place. You will definitely drop some coin, but although the service is a bit spotty and the fish entrees are oversauced, there is still some great food to be had.I've always had a good experience and very nice atmosphere when dining at Ocean Prime in the past well this past Sunday my husband and I went to have an early dinner, we ordered appetizers I had my favorite Berries and Bubble and we ordered our meals we noticed nats flying around near the bread basket and I told our waitress and she said I'm sorry I'll bring some more bread over okay no big deal so I look to my drink and as the waiter is bringing the bread I said there's more nats and he noticed one on my drink and said he would tell his manager about this , okay no big deal I thought so more nats and my husband killed one on the table and told the waiter he wanted to speak to the manger ,the nasty manager comes over and picks the nat off the table and smushes it in his hand omg how disgusting, I've had 2 parties and take my 2 kids there quite often for a meal because we always loved the food after this experience I will never go back I've even let my employers know to not go there as well they were in shock because they too have always had a good experience well Ocean Prime you don't have to worry about me or my family coming back Ruth Chris the new location is beautiful and the staff are wonderful be cautious going to Ocean Prime who knows how many nats are in the back near the food we don't see soo disgusting for a restaurant of this high standard......won't see me againSo the food I can say is pretty good however they are high in pricequality over quantity I guess ... remember if u get ya bill and it's a whole bunch please be prepared to pay more than that because they don't add gratuity in the check and trust me they will ask you for that moneyWe took my son here for his birthday celebration, including our family of 5 and his girl friend.  Our waiter could not have made our evening more enjoyable.  This is a great spot for a special occasion but as others mention the prices are very high.  We have had as good food for a lot less but the attention we received and the great booth we sat in were worth it for this occasion. The table was split between seafood and steak, several of us tried the salads which were well portioned and very good, my son had the lobster tales which he enjoyed very much, several of us at the filet which was cooked perfectly.  I had the french onion soup and the scallops over a bed of risotto, I am a healthy eater but was too full to finish the scallop dish as the french onion soup was quite filing but delicious.  For desserts they brought my son a very rich and large slice of triple chocolate cake which he greatly enjoyed, we also had a tiramisu and creme brulee both equally outstanding.  We had a very nice evening at the right pace and again the wait staff were outstanding.  We will be back again for another special occasion.Last night a group of us went to another restaurant for restaurant week. After we left, a person in our party had talked about how amazing the carrot cake was at oceans prime. So we decided to stop by and pick some up. 
When we got there we ordered 6 pieces of this ten layer cake. The person who took care of our order went and got the cake and returned a few minutes later. She gave us all 6 pieces on the house. She asked us in return to next time eat dinner with them. Those pieces are $10 each. 
I may not have eaten dinner there but now I will. I was definitely impressed with the customer service. They could have easily charged us $60 but they didn't. It was refreshing to see a restaurant care about more than just a profit. I can't wait to dine there next time. 
Oh and the cake was yummy!The bartenders are so fun and make a great drink. Went here for restaurant week and really enjoyed my meal. Our table was in a side room though and I would of enjoyed being In the main dining area more. Also, busers could be a bit more attentive in removing unused glasses and plates to create space. Had I not liked my food and cocktails so much, this rating would of been a 4.service was great from the moment I entered   Lobster Mac was good but not the best I ever had. The blacken snapper was awesome.Decided to try this place for restaurant week. The ambience was nice. The staff was friendly & attentive. But the food was mediocre. I ordered crab cakes & a filet cooked medium. The crab cakes were kinda mussy. & the overall taste was just okay. I've had better crab cakes at Devon's, Ruth's Chris & even BoneFish Grill. The filet was just okay as well. It was juicy but not seasoned very well. I ordered the berries & bubbles cocktail just to try it out since it's so popular. It was kinda good but I ordered a glass of wine next. I also got a caesar salad & ate some of the bread. Both were just okay as well. Overall I'm not impressed & probably won't be back. In my opinion expensive restaurants have to be better than "okay" for me to return.The bar snacks and happy hour was great... bar is small restaurant is beautiful... the bar tender was not that attentive...but food came out fast...had truffle fries, calamari, deviled eggs...all were great! HH prices and selection was great! Would go back hopefully the bartender is a lil faster when my glass is empty..( side bar she wasn't busy making drinks just busy talking with coworkers and posing)This place is everyting. From the drink to the food. Excellent. Our server was so nice and helpful. Well be back soonGreat service. The food and drink presentations were beautiful. The food is meh.  In my opinion, the food portions were quite small and lacking flavor for the price. The lobster bisque left much to be desired. This was the only lobster bisque I have eaten that lacked chunks of lobster. I think I got two small chunks of lobster out of my entire bowl. Definitely did not taste like a true lobster bisque as it had more corn than anything.
If you like to spend based on presentation, this is your place to go. Great place to come with friends as the atmosphere is very pleasant.Ahi tuna!  Best in phily. 
Great bar and the staff is superb.  Crab cake sliders are also worth a try.
Tremendous happy hour!  Atmosphere is warm and inviting and a great place after work.  Will go back again.Place has valet parking ($21) - a real godsend in that part of the city. The entrance and interior decor in this prime restaurant was gorgeous. The staff was very friendly and did an excellent job serving us. Our waiter recommended the calamari for an appetizer and it was absolutely delicious: tender and packed with flavor. 
My only disappointment with our meal came a couple hours later where my brother and I, who both ordered the salmon as an entree, ended up with mild food poisoning.The salmon is INSANE! Went for Mother's Day with my boyfriend, and I was sooooo happy with our meal. I've dined at a lot of expensive restaurants, this is deff one of my favs!Had the fillet mignon and the blueberry cheesecake. Steak was so tender and cooked perfectly. Delicious!  The cheesecake was smooth and amazing.Made an advance reservation one week out for my wife's 50th birthday celebration weekend. At the time of reservation I was showed a table, that the hostess recommended for our special night. Upon arriving for the scheduled reservation, we were told that the section previously agreed upon was closed.  We were seated on the main dining floor at a densely placed four top, right on top of another four top. Service started out great: knowledgeable descriptions of drinks, menu, etc.  We began with cocktails and proceeded to order our entrees. After that, the service deteriorated. Let me back up. Ocean Prime uses a quasi team approach: server, expediter and bus/water person. Our salads arrived with only two of three guest receiving their salads. One person ordered salad only, so fair enough... I understand the timing. The entrees and "sides" were brought to our table by the expediter with no serving spoons for the sides or "duh" steaks knives for the filets. By this time, our server was busy attending to a large section of the main dining floor and had just been seated a booth with six people. Needless to say, we were not on his radar. There was an individual running drinks from the bar, but NO ONE ever checked back once our food was ordered. Really? This is serving 101 and for crying out loud, Applebee's knows that. Finally, the server's attention is grabbed, (should one really have to flag) as he passed by our table.  My wife (Birthday Girl) is using her fork to serve the mashed potatoes side from a bowl. I mention to the server, as he is holding a tray with side dishes and serving spoons (for the booth of six next to us) that we did not receive serving spoons. He looks at the mashed potatoes and corn side and says, "Would you like a spoon?" Double duh!  That was the first check back we had, customer initiated, well into our meal. Oh, our glasses of water are empty and the salad plates are clearly finished and remain unnoticed, sitting on the table. As the server made his way through the dining room, we flagged him a second time for water, literally begging for service. Here is the kicker, the server finally acknowledged the birthday occasion (The very reason we selected Ocean Prime) and said he would like to buy my wife a desert. My rub with this approach: 1  -  Horrible  service the entire night. 2 - Servers that have ignored you all night, then endear themselves at the end for gratuity sake. 3 - We literally waited 15 minutes for the "complimentary"creme brûlée once ordered
Needless to say we had an awful experience on a very special and monumental birthday. Just to lend contrast,the preceding evening we went to Vetri. It was going to be a weekend celebration with Saturday at Vetri and Sunday at Ocean Prime. I just have to say, there could not have been a more stark contrast as to what "Great" looks like. 
On the way out of the restaurant I inquired as to when the GM would be back in?  Suspecting something was wrong, the assistant manager (Where was she on the dining floor all night?) ask about our dining experience. I proceeded to  let her know how our evening went or rather... did not. She offered free desert and the obligatory, "Come back and join us again and give us another chance"  excuses and cop-outs.  She lamented that Ocean Prime wants to deliver a 5 star experience and it is clear you did not get a 5 star experience. Triple duh...Really?? Big customer service tip: Make it right in the moment, because someone who has had such a poor experience does not want a free desert nor are they likely to take you up on your offer to return. My wife, who is the epitome of patience, even mentioned in her kind words, "How off the service was".  Could not have been more disappointed in Ocean Prime. #oceanprimeUnbelievable from the moment you walk in to the moment you finish the signature butter cake. Service was 10/10, we really couldn't have asked for more. The food was 10/10, out of this world steak, seafood and perfect cocktails. Highly recommended!I made reservations for 6 pm & as soon as I arrived I was seated immediately. The restaurant has valet parking $21. There is also a parking garage but it was full when I drove by it. Since it was celebrating my belated birthday dinner with my friend they took a picture of us & put it in a little frame for a keepsake I loved that! The hospitality there is perfect! The waiter was very professional & courteous. I love steak & wine together. He chose a awesome wine to pair with my steak for myself & my friend. The steak was cooked as I like medium. I got the Kansas City strip the 16 oz now I NEVER eat my whole steak I usually have leftovers for the next day bur it was so delicious I devoured the entire steak like a carnivore haha. We ordered the Baked Alaska enough to share for 2 and we ate the entire dessert! There was a couple sitting next to us on their first date requested rose petals at the table which was romantic but overwhelming for her but the restaurant meet the accommodations which was over & beyond with customer service. I will definitely be coming here for steak when I am in the city. The decor is really nice instead & the dress attire is dressy even though as I was leaving a gentleman walked in with sneakers which was a tad bit tacky. So thank you for such an awesome experience!Five star service, food, and decor!!! I love this place! I have been wanting to come here for awhile now, so when I saw that it was restaurant week, I booked a reservation immediately!  Everyone in my bookclub was thorougly impressed. I had the apple goat cheese salad, salmon entree, and the butter pecan ice cream. My friend had the lobster bisque, but was mad she didn't get the salad. The waiter was awesome and attentive, basically everyone there was attentive and friendly. They weren't too stuffy like one would think at such an upscale restaurant. We read about the berries and bubbles drink and couldnt wait to try it. I enjoyed my drink and wanted to order another but didn't want the bookclub girls to see my lushy side! Lol! Overall, we had a great time and I recommend everyone to try it. I am Definitely going back!!!!!!We celebrated our ten year anniversary at Ocean Prime. The service was wonderful and the food was perfect. The only complaint was Lobster roll could use some girth.  It was sort of skinny and sad looking still delish, but needing something extra.  
Did I mention the service?  Hands down the best.My wife and I wanted to try this new Philly restaurant out.  We were amazed with our experience.  The food was amazing!  The seabass was very tasteful and fresh.  Our Ribeye was a bit on the saltier side but that was the least of our worries.  I enjoye their huge wine selections.  The staff was very friendly.  We would definitely come back.What a lovely dining experience. The food was great- we had a 24-oz bone-in Kansas City steak and a lobster tail. They were delicious (although that little lobster didn't have the biggest tail-poor guy). The cucumber gin gimlet was ridiculously refreshing. 
Our server, Michael, was superb. He was friendly, enthusiastic, and helpful. He even brought us a little plate of mashed potatoes for our baby.
Speaking of, It's a fancy restaurant but they're very kid-friendly with high-chairs, changing tables, and very understanding servers.
The ambiance is really lovely. It's a restaurant that could be in NY or Vegas. It's comfortable, quiet and romantic.I have come to this place many of times on a regular day. On a regular day service is perfect. On restaurant week service is TERRIBLE. Lets be honest everyone knows restaurant week is an opportunity for people who would not normally frequent an expensive restaurant the opportunity to eat there at a reduced price. You definitely see an influx of African American people. As an African American women I was HIGHLY offended by the service provided. I arrived and waited 50 mins to be seated , during that time I watched the server greet people of "other race" we will call it with a welcoming smile and proper treatment a hostess would normally provide. When she greeted African American people she would act as if you weren't standing there and continue looking at her paper for a minute before greeting you. My server WAS ALL about rushing us out of there. Dwayne's assistant server that night even had the nerve to ask me if I am not done eating can he box up my food at least, his assistant was a very rude man. Dwayne and assistant never once asked if we needed a refill but they did a GREAT job standing in corners and eyeing us down as if to say hurry and get out so we cam get the next set of people in. Food was placed on the table with no words we quickly picked up the hot plates and gave it to who ordered what. We stayed for less than an hour and It felt like I was moving through a drive through. My mother asked for a straw because she is a germaphobe and Dwayne said "Go ahead and drink it it wont hurt you". Atleast when you come on a regular day African American or not they know you aren't coming for a deal and treat you with respect.This is my first time coming back to ocean Prime in years. The food was delicious but be prepared to dig deep into your pockets on the menu. I ordered their iconic Bubbles and Berry's drink, my boyfriend ordered an old fashioned(which brought him back to his college years in VA) he loved it so much that he ordered two. And we are a couple that doesn't really indulge much but he truly enjoyed the bartenders old fashions. My entree was the sea bass which was good but very tiny portion for the price we paid. Our server was great and very knowledgeable about the menu and they surprised me with a chocolate cake at the end for my birthdayRecently had a delicious meal here and absolutely wonderful service. Very roomy restaurant (maybe because I'm used to cramped NYC style) - highly recommend and will be back when I'm in Philadelphia.Ocean prime made my boss's birthday the most memorable ever.  Wondering what took them so long to open for lunch.My stepfather picked this place for a surprise dinner for my mother. I was expecting it to be stuffy and pretentious, but I was pleasantly surprised. First of all, you want Irish Mike to take care of you. He is a first rate South Philly fixer, taking care of your dining details, birthday surprises, et al. The moms was already tipsy on a signature cocktail ($12), and when she told him to bring me the bubbly thing, he brought me not champagne, but a berry tinged concoction that bubbled like a cauldron after being poured over two mini marshmallow sized pieces of dry ice. It was a bit too sweet for my taste but I give it an extra star for sheer theatricality.
I was afraid that as a vegetarian, I would not have the greatest options at a seafood places (which generally assume that we're all pescetarians), but I was entirely mistaken. For starters, I had the goat cheese ravioli, which were surprisingly light, dressed in a pleasant lemony sauce with sundried tomatoes and mushrooms. My entree was the off-menu quinoa cake, with roasted carrots, crispy Brussel sprouts, sautéed zucchini, and tomatoes, topped with some shaved fennel and parsley. The quinoa cake was a bit crispy and the slight char on top indicated it may have been grilled. It had a bit of smokey flavor and was quite delicious. I suspect it may have been mixed with potato or some other starch to bind it a bit. 
The moms and I also had a fantastic Pinot Gris with dinner. She was particularly happy with her scallops because they were able to substitute the peas in the accompanying risotto with asparagus. ("Why do I hate peas? I've always hated peas, right?" she asked, forgetting that my memory only goes back 27 years.) The old man enjoyed his double lobster tail and stuffed/loaded potato as well. Then when Irish Mike informed the moms that her dessert would be on the house, she said, "I hope there's chocolate!" He brought out a triple chocolate mousse galette with a scoop of ice cream, and a tiny candle stuck in a rosette of meringue. I had to help her because she's getting on in years and can't put away a good meal like she used to. 
I highly recommend it for a mixed generation celebratory dining experience, especially if you are being treated by someone else, or you can expense it. Thanks, Irish Mike!This review has nothing to do with the food, I have been to Ocean Prime probably 3 times in the past year and had a great experience until this past weekend. It was my sisters birthday and we had a party of 10 people coming in to celebrate. My sister arrived in white shorts high heels and a blouse, the staff had sent over a man to advise my sister she had to wear a shaw over her shorts in order for us to dine in the restaurant. I was more than embarrassed for my sister and appalled at how they handled the situation, it was very unprofessional. The man continues to explain the restaurant has had prostitution issues basically insulting my sister implying she was dressed like a prostitute, so it's save to say we left immediately after that comment. I don't think the management handled that situation in a proper manner. I go to the website to see if there's anything regarding dress code, but it states is " Proper Business Casual Attire Required". My sisters shorts came to here thighs, past arm length!Excellent all around experience. I wish we had started going sooner. The cocktails are superb. Cucumber Gimlet all good. Evan the bartender was hands down a true gentlemen. Service was real, not fake and helped us really just enjoy ourselves that much more. Will go here for drinks rather than the double eagle steak house next door...both are great, but Ocean Prime is just above in so many ways...
Food is great, decor is update, and service is true.
Any negative reviews on this place should be carefully considered by all.OP it's truly fine dining at its best. Cocktails recommendations: Whiskey Clover but if you want a show tableside I'd recommend the Berries & Bubbles. White truffle caviar deviled eggs or lobster Bisque soup. For dinner 12 ounce bone in filet with sautéed mushrooms cream spinach and roasted garlic mashed potatoes, garlic shrimp scampi, jumbo lump crab cakes and the king salmon. The meals were prepared perfect service was outstanding attentive to every need. But the cherry on the top was that famous carrot cake 10 layer out standing ,magnificent, delicious . WoW cheat day have the cakeFood is underwhelming, but go for cocktails. Their Berries & Bubbles is one of the best (and smoothest!) drinks I've ever had. The food is a different story-marginal, overpriced and uninspired. Skip unless just going for a drink.Amazing service and food.  Pricey but it's well worth it.  Great ambiance but the service -- just awesome.Came here for a girls night and absolutely loved it ! It's such a beautiful place. We ordered steak and sea bass to share and it was delicious. I'm not a big fan of Mac and cheese but we ordered it to try and I fell in love. This is definitely a good place for a date.The bartender Jenna is the cutest nicest bartender I've ever met. I would go back solely on her personality and service !My boyfriend and I decided to come here for restaurant week; when they called to confirm my reservation, they asked if there was any special celebration and I replied that we were just coming for the restaurant week and that we were very excited.  She and I talked for 2-3 minutes before hanging up.  I made at least three references to the special menu.  SO....imagine our surprise when we got there and they told us they don't honor the menu on Saturday nights.  (Apparently, none of the restaurants do, which is something I failed to notice.)  We were a bit embarrassed but very relieved when they honored it.  Honestly, I didn't thin they would but as it turns out, the couple next to us made the same mistake (and they were horrified and I am pretty sure ready to make a scene) so I think we just got lucky!  
Once all of that was over, we were ready to settle in.  The place is very classy and we really enjoyed the ambiance.  Our waiter was super friendly (although he was not pleased about the RW thing and for a moment I thought he was going to let it reflect all night but he recovered) and came right over to talk about their specialty bar drinks.
My boyfriend ordered the Black Orchid and I had the Bubbles and Berries.  Both were very impressive and tasty drinks!  
For dinner, I had the Ocean Prime salad, filet and for dessert, the ice cream.  
I am still thinking about that salad.  It was the perfect amount of each ingredient.  It was really good and a nice change from the usual mixed greens or ceaser salad.  My filet was perfectly cooked (mw) and I loved it.  The sauce was delicious and there was generous portion.   My boyfriend unfortunately did not have the same experience, as his filet (mr) was burnt around the edges.  As for dessert...standard.  I mean, how much can you say about a scoop of vanilla ice cream?
I would definitely recommend this place for a nice night out or when it is a restaurant week and I would likely go back for drinks/apps, but with so many other awesome steakhouses in the city, I don't think I would be back for dinner.C+
I had the teriyaki salmon with Sonoma goat cheese ravioli as appetizer. The ravioli was juicy yet bursting with flavor so that kept my expectations up for my entree. 
When I had tasted my salmon, it did not live up to the expectation of what I had imagined. The salmon was a bit tougher than I had imagined. 
The ambience was nice and the decorations were pleasing to the eyes. It is a great place to take a date. The waiters and waitresses were very polite and on time. 
Other than the salmon teriyaki, everything was perfect.