It's a love hate relationship 
The food is hit and miss on any given day 
Service is rude on any given day, only the staff not pushing a cart are kind of friendly.
I guess that's apart of the dim sum culture, 
Sit, eat(if you're Lucky to get carts to you), and leave. I won't be back until  absolutely forcedHands down the worst dim sum I've ever tried. Everything was either cold or overcooked and mushy. Nothing stands out, and I'm not really sure why the wait was so long. The noodles are cold/gluey, the dumpling skins are mushy and the siu mai is just overcooked. Hubby and I tried a number of dishes and were pretty unhappy with everything. To top it off, it was $40 - how/why/wth?!?
No thanks. No matter how much I crave dim sum, I won't be back.Long wait but went with some Chinese friends for some delicious dim sum. Was there with like 15 people so pretty much pointed to everything on the carts as they came by. Prices seemed reasonable as it only came to $12 per person for lunch (despite our ridiculous over-ordering).
Service isn't great, but it helps if you're with friends who speak the language :)Visiting Philly and had to get us some dim some! As we waited for a table holding onto the #9 slip of paper which we got from the guy with the purple shirt, we noticed the amazing dim sum carts. Sure there were the usual shrimp dumplings and chicken feet,  but there were so many different types of dim sum I've never seen in Chicago or San Fran or New York. 
We finally got seated at a big round table and shared the table with another couple. Chicken feet were the best I've ever had and the shrimp dumplings were good but nothing to call mom over.  They had this strange fried fish thing. My friend says the direct translation is white rice fish but it was so good. I love anchovies and just fish in general so this ban yu or something  like that was really a treat. Escargot, fried turnip cakes, and 3 cups of tea later, we were pretty stuffed. The bill only came up to about 25 bucks and the two of us feasted. 
The service.. Not so great but really at a dim sum place, it's the usual. If you don't have someone that is an adult(40+)who can speak Cantonese, then it's better not to expect great service. That's my take. Btw, when I turn 40+ the adult age I type in will be (50+) so please do not take offense. I just feel forever a kid.Good/decent Dim Sum in Chinatown. and you can get all your usual favorites: shumai, shrimp dumplings, steamed pork buns, chicken feat, yummy lotus chicken sticky rice, shrimp/beef crepes/rolls, etc.  All this was yummy. They of course have the special loud ladies rolling around the yummy carts with dim sum.  You can expect the usual loudness and rudeness that is customary in any busy asian dim sum restaurant.  part of the fun! who doesn't want to scream until you can get their attention?  The food was decent but I still have yet to try the other dim sum around the neighborhood.  This place came highly recommended and I was not disappointed.Always a fun spot for Sunday dim sum.  There's lots of variety, some standard and some exotic.   Enjoy the standard dumplings and pork buns, but be adventurous with the seafood - squid, clams, shrimp.  Well worth it.
Get there by 11:30 AM or you'll be waiting a while, and don't be afraid to offer to share a table - you'll be seated much faster.My friends and I went to the diner in the afternoon (about 1:30pm) and the waitress hushed us to be quick, since they are having lunch at 2:00pm. The service was not too nice, and the food is only considered decent comparing to the dim sums I've had in Chicago and New york.This is the real deal dim sum. Our group got there early Saturday so there was no wait. The carts were full of tasty items that we could not refuse - sticky rice, bean curd, shrimp dumplings etc etc. The sesame balls were the icing on the cake. 5 of us ate like there was no tomorrow and the bill was less than $15 per. It was just about 2 hours from the time we left the house in Suburbia to the time we returned. Obviously, authentic dim sum in Chinatown is not meant for long leisurely meals. High quality food, efficiently served - that's what this place offers.This is just your typical Chinese restaurant with dim sum daily, but everything was only alright. Growing up, dim sum once a week was always a family tradition so my critique might be harsh. We ordered chicken feet, shrimp rice roll, shu mai, and har kow. The shrimp rice roll comes with 3 rolls, but only 2 of them had shrimp in it and one was just plain. Shu mai tasted like the frozen store bought ones that you can get from the Asian supermarket, and the chicken feet was ok. The best dish we got was probably the har kow as the skin was light and the shrimp tasted pretty good. I don't think I'd come back again as there are many other options in Chinatown that also serve dim sum.Ok, I understand this might be the best tasting DIM SUM place in the Philly area but seriously, the service here is HORRIBLE. The manager always seems like to be having a bad day, at least every time when we are here I don't ever recall seeing him smile once! Anyway, that's not really the point.
The point is they have bad service. We came here to try the food but often find it impossible since the cart never came around to us. I swear, the ladies that are pushing the cart seems like they have a system going on where they only serve the food to people they like (Cantonese people)
Overall, we find ourselves leaving this place hunger most of the time since we got tired of waiting for the food to come around. At time, waitress there even yelled at us for no apparent reason! We stop making this place as our regularly Sunday DIM SUM place.
Unless they find u likable, I strongly encourage to try other place, but if you really want good food and tolerance the horrible service, then knock yourself out!!!First time in Philly, from Boston, and my family wanted Dim Sum. I asked a street vendor which dim sum in the Chinatown area is best. She pointed out to Ocean Harbor, so that's where we went. Coming in, we were seated right away (guessing we were lucky to come in before 10am). It gets extremely crowded with a line out the door by 10:45am. 
-1* Service was lackluster, slow and did not meet my expectations. Maybe I'm just used to a quick and satisfying service dim sum in Boston.
I noticed there -1* weren't any Tabasco sauce on the table, therefore I asked, and to my surprise, they did not have any. 
-1* The food was oily, especially the vegetable green stalks. Turnip cakes were dense and mushy, shiu mai (apologies for any butchering) was oily and totally meat mystery worthy. 
Two stars for their bathroom cleanliness; not amazing but good enough being in Chinatown. The other star for their open seating space.Food is good but I don't think the service deserves 18% by forcing you to press the button on the credit card machine ( min 18%,20,25). When I said I wanted to leave the tip with cash the lady I think she s the owner s not happy with it I can tell from her face. I do not mind leaving the tip 18 % but the service is horrible. Prbly won't be backStandard dimsum. Recommended as best in the Philly Chinatown by one of the Chinese locals.This is THE place for dim sum in Philly!  I've tried all the dim sum places and there is NOTHING that can compare.
When I lived here and parents visited me, I made them go here.  Nevermind the fact that we had to wait 30-40 min for a table...it's THAT good and even THEY admitted that it was THAT good.
Keep in mind that this isn't the best place for ppl in wheelchairs b/c one must go up the stairs to be seated.  
Congee is sooooo good.  What really rocks is the stir-fried noodles.  Delicious and oily egg noodles with that slightly wok-burnt taste...YUM!  What's awesome is that they are pretty friendly...meaning um...well...Chinese waitstaff isn't usually friendly....I say they are b/c even though it's a madhouse, they get to ya..about 10 min later. 
Go between 11 and 1!  Once it hits 1 pm, it's not as fresh!!!!Typical dim sum, but good Peking duck! We also had the seafood pan fried noodles which we pretty tasty. The Shu Mai and fried shrimp from the dim sum carts were also really good too.Stopped by and the food was top notch! We came in just as it opened at 10:30 AM on a Tuesday and by the time we left at 11:15 it was getting quite busy. Food is cheap and fresh!
Some people may be unsatisfied with the service, but that's how Dim Sum works! Make sure the cart ladies get your attention if you want service.
I would come back here again.One star doesn't begin to describe this place. Food is sub-par, but the service is horrendous. First time I came here two years ago, food was great, service was friendly, but that might've been because we ordered a lot. 
Second time visiting, we ordered small dishes and were hounded like dogs. Had two different servers that didn't understand why we weren't ordering larger dishes (what?). The male server actually even told us to order a large dish or to leave and stop wasting their time... yeah. Long story short, we ended up not ordering a larger dish which they annoyingly obliged. Our original server even "mistakenly" over charged us $10. $10! My boyfriend caught it and brought it up to her to which she laughed repeatedly saying sorry. The receipt she gave us was all in Chinese, probably thinking we wouldn't notice but we're not stupid. We paid the bill to which they forced us to give a tip like many other yelpers have said. I gave $1, which they didn't even deserve. If you're looking for authentic Chinese or a good dim sum place, don't even try this place.I come here about once every three months. My family and I love DUM SUM. Sometimes there is a long waiting line but it usually goes fast. The food comes out of the kitchen on a cart or serves holding them on a serving plate. Everything comes out hot and if it does not come out hot you can always as the servers to heat it up or receive a new one. The owner is super busy trying to make sure everyone is being seated and served fast. 
The servers are busy since they have a lot of tables. It might take a few minutes to get a beverage but it's okay. 
I love their shrimp balls- it is a deep fried ball that has shrimp inside. Another dish I love is the calamari- it is crispy and so tasty. The pork and shrimp dumplings are also really good and comes out hot. 
The only suggestion I have is they could have more serves since they are always busy to keep all the customers happy. However, I know coming here that this is a fast paced restaurant and they are trying to have people come sit down, eat and leave. 
The bathrooms also may need an update. The men's door sometimes covers the women's door and its hard to get into the bathroom. They should probably make the women's door open the other way. Overall this restaurant it good, just know that you are coming in to a different restaurant and the servers, owners and cooks are going really fast to make sure everyone has food and to make sure people waiting in line are not waiting long.Make sure you take into account the items and price before you go to the cashier. The lady (cashier) cheated me. She overcharged me 2 times. The first time I thought it was my mistake, but the second time I made sure 3 times to account it but she cheated me again.Very good dim sum and the carts come around fairly often. Favorite had to be the rice noodle wrapped around the fried dough stick. So much better than the ones we get in NoVa. Definitely coming back next time I'm in Philly.Every time I am back in the city this is my go to Dim Sum place. The dumplings are pretty tasty. Sadly I have to give them 3 stars because the service is blah. Without fail I always have to engage in a battle royale with the server to get a refill on water.  I haven't lived in Philly for awhile now but I wasn't aware that local businesses needed to ration TAP WATER!! On one visit the server wouldn't refill my glass because by his standards it was still half full..Womp Womp. .I've never been anywhere where the server does not keep your glass filled to the brim..well at least I hadn't been until I went to Ocean Harbor. Dear Ocean Harbor, keep the water glasses full..please & thank youDim sum is the best at ocean habor. As far is service, you have to understand its dim sum in chinatown. You have to expect it being loud and service being less the perfect due to the amount of people there for dim sum. As for the food it is the best quality philly chinatown can offer.This place has got to have the worst service in Philly Chinatown. The food is ok but the service is as bad as it can get. I went for dim sum one weekend in the morning, was placed in a tiny corner and literally all the dim sum cart ladies(except once in an entire 30 mins) wouldn't care to look nor push the cart to us. Another time that I was there, I waited 20mins for tea, with numerous attempts to ask the waiters to bring some tea.Been a while.  Here's the deal  in simple terms on this joint:
1. Enjoy the dim sum - it's good and pretty cheap
2. Pay in cash - don't never use a dayum card there
3. Tell the wait staff to shove it up their asses when they ask why you didn't leave tip
In the grand scheme of things, I tip 30% plus when service is decent.  You know, water topped off, pleasant waiter/waitress, etc.  I spend cause I know how hard it is for all of us to get by. But, if the service is as rude as it is at Ocean Harbor, I will happily eat the food and pay for just that.  
Get it straight OC, get your servers on track or don't complain and don't chase me out the door yelling I didn't tip.  You know why?  Cause I'll come back and tell every person waiting for a table how your servers ignore me and make comments about me in Cantonese and you'll lose five tables like you did last time.Bathroom is dirty. Food taste not really good. People are actually friendly, but they will ask for tips, like literally ASK you pay the tips.Came here on a Sunday afternoon for their dim sum. There was a long line out the door which is pretty typical, so expect to wait in line. We were a large party but were seated relatively quick, within 30 min. 
The food is pretty good and they have a large selection of dishes all of which I can't name (dumplings, noodles, chicken feet, spare ribs, fried taro, fried dough, etc). I come here with friends every now and then for the food, not the service. It's a bit loud and you often have to get the attention of the waitors if they have something on one of their steel carts that you want. It's busy and in a slightly cramped space. It's also CASH ONLY. I will probably come back again when I want to have dimsum. My friends (ones that grew up here) say it's the best place to go for dimsum. They probably mean that because of the food only.Okay, forget Joy Tsin Lau, this place is definitely more organized, more popular, and has a larger variety of food. All of the dim sum was delicious, plentiful, and of course...sooo affordable. The line seemed somehow more organized than other dim sum places I have been to, and the staff even seemed happier to answer questions about the food. Overall, the best dim sum in Chinatown. There, I said it.Good dimsum selection with reasonable price and excellent quality.  I've been going here since the late 90's and I still remember that this place is always packed on weekends or weekday lunch.  A chinese co-worker highly recommended me this place because her cousin worked here and assured me that they have cleaner kitchen and always cooked their food fresh daily.  Anyways, I also like that their dimsum is as natural tasting as can be compared to others in the area where they use a lot of MSG.   So it may not be as tasty compared to the other restaurant across the street.Ocean harbor is very solid. It's legit, it's my go to spot where i know i'm going to be happy with my weekend dim sum experience. I usually go earlyish around 10am - 12pm and at that time there is usually no wait, or a very short one. I've brought family and friends here and I've never heard a single complaint about the food and the variety of dim sum and other dishes is vast enough to please everyone. The staff moves very quick through the dining room with the carts so its not long til you can find your favorites. It can be a small challenge flagging down the right person if you want to get some more water or something like that. Overall, I've been here and I know i'll be back here.Came in on a busy Sunday. We put our name down and got in after a 10 mins wait. They ushered us to sit at a table which was still dirty and needed to be cleaned. I understand trying to get people in and out but really ??? We stood there till they cleared the table from the other people and set up a clean place setting for us. 
We were seated at the far left corner of the restaurant. Some carts and food would reach us but then we would see some others pass us since we weren't in the middle tables where the food carts had more room to go through. From what we ate it was pretty good but some of the dishes were cold. The dumplings were fantastic and hot. The calamari we got was just cold and chewy which was disappointing...if it was warm/hot I think it would have tasted great ! There was some items that we would have gotten but didn't see till later when they finally made it over to us.
 Prices weren't bad for the dim sum. It was good but I've had better service and selection back at dim sum places in VA. Maybe we ll try another dim sum restaurant when we are in the area.Best dim sum in Philly Chinatown. Hands down. And yes I have eaten at ALL of the dim sum restaurants in Philly Chinatown.i think the most important thing to remember here is that dim sum is supposed to be a festive, hectic, loud and choatic experience.
ocean harbor is pretty decent, consider that i have had dim sum in san francisco, beijing, hong kong and flushing, to name a few places.
their shu mai and dumplings are hot and fresh.  their tofu wrapped water chesnut + mu er is tender and well cooked.  their sesame balls are crunchy outside, soft on the inside as they should be.  the carts come around often and is clearly re-filled with newly cooked dishes.  on top of that, serves walk around with special dishes like chinese broccoli, salt and pepper calamari, sauteed eggplant and there is a congee (zhou) cart!!
we had a huge pot of orange blossom tea, 6 different dishes and the bill came to $19.  if that does equal 4 stars, i don't know what does.Steamed oysters were fresh and juicy. Fried clams were tasteful as well. Dim sums were not bad but to be honest I was disappointed with beef ribs which were chewy and not well flavored. I can made a much better beef ribs with simple sauce from Chinese supermarket.Utility dim sum. Just as there are those who have utility hamburger, pizza, pasta, Chinese, BBQ, and burritos. This is your utility dim sum place. 
You may have had the porn star experience when it comes to dim sum in much raunchier, sexier, or classier joints. But you always come back to the basics, and while those experimental experiences are fun, you still need good old fashion romp.
Well look no further than Ocean Harbor's Dim Sum. Is the line long on weekends? Yes. Is it incredibly loud and crowded? Hell yes! But thats the beauty of the place, its for these reasons that it feels down to earth to so many Cantonese people. Because thats just simply how everyday life is. 
P.S. if you're at a dim sum, don't ask the cart pusher or waiter to explain to you the dishes. They're cheap, there is plenty to choose from, and they go around fast. Just order and stop holding up the machine.My husband and I needed to get our dim sum fix yesterday and we always go to Imperial Inn because in Philly there are really so few good choices of dim sum restaurant in Philadelphia for us to pick from. I have gotten MSG poisoning from one at Washington Ave. My brother love Joy Tsin Lau and my husband love Imperial Inn. I decided I need to find one that I love. I always see a line of Asian people waiting at Ocean Harbor and this cannot be bad. I have to give it a try. I told my husband that people at Yelp gave it good reviews...we have to give it a try. So, we did and order the usual.
1. We got seated in 2 minutes but we had to share a table. You can request to get your own table.
2. The waiter ask what for tea order as well as your drinks preferred (soda, water)
3. the carts and lady with the tray comes to the table. They have everything from shrimp balls, to chinese broccoli with oyster sauce, stuff peppers, spring rolls, traditional braised chicken feet, tripe which is braised with ginger and garlic, clams sautee with black bean sauce, salt bake calamari, they also serve dessert. 
We decide to order our favorites. It was delicious. The siu mai was delicious. That is one critical one for my husband. It is his favorite dim sum. I love my bean curd roll. It was perfect. It was the best bean curd roll. I have awful ones. We will definitely come back again for more dim sum with our friends and my dad. He will be the judge because he needs his steam pork buns. That will pass or fail the test.Terrible dim sum... prices were not atrocious, actually a good "value".  However, the quality and variety of the dishes was really bad.  Pales in comparison to many, many dim sum restaurants i've been to IN AMERICA.
I expected much better from Chinatown.  Unfortunately, it looks like dim sum is a complete miss in all of philly.  Sigh...One of the best places to get dim sum in chinatown. The food is honestly some of the best. Especially on the weekends. The food is made fresh and tastes even better than it looks. Trust me, it looks good too. The food carts come around pretty fast, but the big problem is that there are always a lot of people. The wait can be long and the food can take a while to get to you. It is all worth it in the end.I went here for the 2nd time today and had a pretty good experience. Joy Tsin Lau is my favorite place, but the food here is decent. The place was crowded when my mom & I arrived at around 12:30 so it's probably best to go early. 
The food was pretty decent & tasty and they had a pretty nice variety of dim sum dishes. But I'm sure that we didn't get to see all the carts where we were sitting...we didn't even get the cart with the buns :( 
My favorite dishes were the salty shrimp and flat noodles.Went for dim sum on a Saturday at 1 pm. I did not see shu mai, or the small shrimp dumpling (shia jiao) that i like, and not a single veggie dish came our way. Was it because it was 1 pm? The shrimp dish that we did get (it's like a folded large noodle with shrimp)...was mostly noodle, with two tiny shrimp per piece. We felt skimped on shrimp. 
Since the selection was not great, and we weren't sure whether or not to leave a tip, we didn't (initially). When we took our change at the register, we decided not to tip (for the first time ever), considering we weren't impressed with the food or service that day, and then something odd happened. The cashier chased us to ask for tip (wait what?) and as I explained to her the few things that we felt were lacking during our short stay (30 minutes), she started making accusations at us. It was just very odd, and the experience left both a bad literal and figurative taste in our mouth. We did leave a 20% tip after being bullied for it. For terrible service and treatment. 
I have been coming here for the past 15 years, and will have fond memories coming here with my grandmother who recently passed. It is a shame, but we will not be returning.This was the most ridiculous services we have received. As we were waiting to be seated, the host rushed us to seat at a table that was yet to be cleaned. As we sat down, a waiter spoke in Chinese to us while slamming a plate at us. We respectfully asked him if we could have new chopstick since ours has old green veggies stuck on it. Furthermore, half of the food that came out was cold and badly served. When we checked out, the cashier insisted that I give 15% or more tips. Normally, I gave 15-20% tips but the cashier started throwing a pen at me so I pressed "other". She then started talking in Chinese to another man when she knew clearly I do not speak Chinese. The man then asked me in English "you only give this much tips?" I replied "I'm sorry, I give as much as I wanted." They both then rolled theirs eyes at us...Not recommend .Dim sum is not fresh. The vegetable we ordered is cold. Beef rib is chewy . Downstairs bathroom ground is sticky，dirty where you can see their kitchen which doesn't look cleaned.2.5 stars. Service was good and actually friendlier than expected from a dim sum place, however, I was really sad that this is the "best dim sum" in Philly. It's very average overall and some dishes on the poorer side though nothing was inedible. Shrimp rice roll had such a thick rice noodle casing that overpowered the shrimp. The siu mai, har gow, tripe and chicken feet just didn't taste as fresh or pop with as much flavor as we've been spoiled with growing up in California and visiting Asia. The dishes here tasted on the heavier stickier side and I was so grateful for the tea refills to wash the stuff down. This place could use some updating and rejuvenating. This might be really good for old school dim sum Philly standards but...  for now I'm going to hold off eating dim sum til back in California and maybe when in NYC.  I'll settle for yummy soup dumplings at Sakura across the street when my overly frequent cravings kick in.I have never done dim sum, so I can't compare Ocean Harbor, but I would say that experience probably trumps quality. Dim sum is basically taking the chinese buffet to the table, and paying a la carte for unending variations of cooked meats, pastries, and dumplings, with a few veggies thrown in. 
Beyond constantly having hot food foisted on you, Ocean Harbor has a cattle drive vibe created by the absence of a waiting area and the abundance of hungry people. This actually makes it more fun, because you get to watch food moving around on carts, and the eyes of the hungry masses following it.
The food itself is nothing exciting. Some people I went with love dim sum, and this merely met their craving, but little to get them excited. That said, when I left completely stuffed, lying in a figural food coma, I was only 13 bucks poorer.In terms of the food, this place is great and comparable to the dim sum in New York City and Oakland, CA. Service seems to be negatively correlated with the number of patrons in the restaurant.
I came here both times I was in Philadelphia. The first time was on a Sunday and the place was extremely crowded. The waiters were trying to rush my friend and me through our lunch by impatiently interrogating us what other dish we were waiting for (the carts rarely made it to our little corner). We were yelled at when I asked the waiter to calculate our bill total (silly me, this is how it is done in NYC and the Bay Area, not in Philadelphia--take your bill to the woman at the front desk). The waiter also chased us down to demand tip when we forgot to leave tip at the table or at the front desk. 
On my next trip to Philadelphia, I came here on a Wednesday morning, right when it opened. There were a handful of other patrons in the restaurant, but by no means crowded. We were seated in the middle and service was good by Chinese restaurant standards (maybe it was also because I spoke to them in Chinese).Ok so since I have eaten dim sum up and down the west coast, north, south and east--I have to say that it's ok.  
We went on a Sunday, so as any other dim sum place on a weekend, expect it to be packed.  Remember--walk in--get a number, stand in line.  Cash and credit is accepted.  Parking can be found on street if there is any because that area has high traffic.  We parked at a lot not knowing how long we would be--$23.  Yes that ish was not cheap.  Probably best I take the train in next time.
The most memorable for me was the almond gelatin for dessert.  We ate so much, I hurt myself.  Chicken feet, gai lan, shrimp dumpling, turnip cake, clams, curried squid, pork dumpling, rice porridge, and the list just goes on.  I hate eating with my husband because he always over order.  
Cash and credit are welcome--as most dim sum places are--great for large parties.  The service is ok but dont expect stellar.Enjoyed a decent Sunday morning dim sum meal here. The wait was about 15 minutes for a party of 8 so not too bad. The food was generally tasty and fresh and not too overly spiced or salted. Some dishes were a little cold when ordered from the carts. Presentation and aesthetics are pretty poor in general. The place is very dirty and random items like tablecloths are stacked on the floor throughout the main dining room. Windows and walls look like they've never been cleaned. The staff are friendly but few are fluent in English so come prepared by knowing what typical dim sum items to select or knowing what to order and ask for in Chinese.Came here once, will not come back again. Our waiter was rude, practically throwing our menus at us, and our food took about half an hour to come out (ordered three dishes). Two of the dishes were fine, but the third one was a little cold. Haven't been here for Dim Sum, and don't think I will either.Some of the best Chinese food in the East Coast by far.  
Gotta try the clam dish with minced meat.  I don't know what it's called, but it was really good.  Kind of disappointed with the honey walnut shrimp, mainly because there was enough walnuts, but not enough shrimp.  Lobster is also great, really tender.   
Sucked  because I had to leave during the middle of the dinner because of this stupid hurricane irene crap.  Another thing to keep in mind is to eat out when there is good weather.  
Eat Ocean Harbor NOW!My favorite dim sum place in Philadelphia. Friendly staff, good and fast service. You can grab the fresh food right from the carts. Waiting time for a table at weekend mornings is ok. TASTY!Decent food. Taste wise, it is pretty authentic but not the best I've had. On the price side, the dim sum is pricey. The atmosphere is nice. I'd recommend a visit.out of all the dim sum places, i was not pleased with my choice of selection. the food was mediocre, the service was absolutely disgusting. We complained about an undercooked dish and they lashed out on my great aunt. this was unacceptable on their behalf and i do NOT recommend anyone coming here. not worth the time or moneyMeh.  Service was average.  Food was ok, typical dim sum, definitely had better.  Despite the wait, I was a bit disappointed.Between Joy Tsin Lau and Ocean Harbor, I think I like Ocean Harbor just the tiniest bit more. The service is bad (that's a given) but they offer some dishes Joy Tsin Lau doesn't do. Namely the slow cooked beef tendon.Food was mediocre at best. Service was terrible. they didn't have a very good/big selection.kept bringing shrimp dumplings even though we didn't want them. the food was fairly expensive. ill try another place instead of going backThis review is only based on the dim sum offering on weekends.  I've not eaten here during the week off their regular menu.  Three stars in not bad in this case.  If I were to rate the place on food alone it would be a high 4 or even a low 5.  The shear number of choices will guarantee you will find something that you like.  In my case though it's more like 10 somethings that I like.  Fried calamari (mostly legs) is one of my favorites since when I'm eating calamari I usually wish there were more crunchy tentacles:). The beef short ribs r also amazing, tender, and just fatty enough to give you that coat your stomach with yumminess feeling that comes with great chines food.  Other fan favorites are the shrimp dumplings Shu mai.  They even have a few things that are vegetarian.  And yes this is much better, as in on another planet better, than those you might find at a buffet.  So in a nutshell the food is fantastic.  
Everything else however usually leaves a lot to be desired.  The restaurant is "cleanish" but you can tell everything has a lot of miles on it.  The staff will acknowledge your presence only if you ask them to bring you something and not a second more.  They do not care if you are enjoying your food, they know you are since the food is absolutely amazing.
One pro tip, go before 11.  No mater what time of year this place usually has a line out the door between 1115-130.I had been craving dim sum for the longest time. I've lived in Philly for nearly 6 months now and have only been once (I think it was at the end of January). So finally, Chris (my husband) and I woke up early enough to head over to Chinatown at a decent hour. 
We waited for about 15 minutes before our number was called. Much to my surprise, we didn't have to share an 8-person table, but had a two-seater all to ourselves. The manager walked us over to a table, where a waiter was changing the tablecloth. He said something to us in incomprehensible English, and Chris and I looked at him blankly. We're pretty good with accents, especially Asian ones, but we had no idea what this guy said. He said something in Chinese, and again we looked at him blankly. Finally, in frustration, he said loudly, "What kinda tea you want? You drink tea?!" I said, no thanks, no tea.
He stormed off.
A few minutes later, he came back to our naked table, arranged a tablecloth on it, and rudely threw down plates and chopsticks.
Chris and I looked at each other like, dude, what is this guy's problem? Don't get mad at me because we can't understand your horrible Engrish, buddy!
Dim sum ladies came around, we got a few dishes, and naturally, we wanted to flag someone down for drinks. No one came near us, including our waiter. At one point, Chris tired to flag him down, but he ignored us. Mind you, we had no water at our table either, despite having declined the tea.
Thirty minutes into our meal, I got fed up and said, "Let's just go. This is ridiculous." I decided right then and there that I would not leave a tip for this fool. NOT SOMETHING I NORMALLY DO-- I'm not afraid to tip generously when service has been excellent. But this was to the point where it seemed like we didn't have anyone assigned to our table. 
Knowing what we would get ourselves into (see Mindy C's review), Chris gave me cash. I paid up front, took our dollar change, and we proceeded to walk out the door-- opposite of where our table had been. We were walking down the steps toward the entrance, steps that were flanked on either side by patrons waiting to be seated (about 30 people or so). Then I heard, "Excuse me, excuse me!" Kept walking. "Excuse me sir!" I turned around, knowing Chris was right behind me. I saw the waiter and Chris facing each other.
"You forget to leave tip!" said the watier.
To which Chris replied, "You didn't even serve us." 
Everyone around us quieted down. I gave the waiter a dirty look and said, "Yeah, you definitely didn't serve us."
We walked out of the restaurant. Once we were a few paces away, I heard, "Hello, hello!" I turned around to see Wonderboy standing outside of the restaurant, trying to wave us back. I waved back and said, "Hi!" 
Having read the reviews on Yelp, we knew how the workers of this place were notorious for chasing people down and badgering them for either not leaving tip or not leaving enough tip, which is why we knew not to use a debit or credit card. No way we would have left our information with this place!
I'm just appalled that this guy had the nerve to run out after us after he yelled at us AND ignored us!Best dim sum around. I have been going here for over 10 years. Some times are better than others but very solid all in all you must understand you are eating off a cart this isn't fine diningI moved to the area a couple months ago and I came here because it seemed like the best dim sum place Philly has to offer, but was instead greeted with a rather plain and old looking chinese restaurant that felt like it was barely clinging onto its regal days.  Beneath the clean white table cloths are tables held together with industrial level tape, the chairs appear cheap and have a terrible metallic look that clashes with the traditional gold/red color symbolic of China, the restroom is barely functional, and so forth.  This place honestly just seems to be running on vestigial steam at this point, and I'm saddened by that because if this is the best dim sum place Philly can offer, I don't have high hopes for the rest of what Chinatown can offer.  Seriously, compare this with Los Angeles (been there for 18 years) or NYC (4 years), and I can see why Philly is never argued over as the best city in the U.S.  Anyways, back to Ocean Harbor - for 2 large and 3 medium dishes the price came out to be $18.25 +tax.  This is probably close to the price of dim sum in NYC, but in Los Angeles you could almost definitely find numerous places that would give you all this at better quality for around $10.  The chicken feet was subpar, the cheong fun and shui mai were mediocre, and the tripe was steeping in oil.  The only thing worth recommending is the rou mi fan (rice wrapped in bamboo).  Overall I would only recommend coming here again simply on the fact that Philly doesn't have much to offer - not because Ocean Harbor provides any quality food or exceptionally priced food.  I would potentially even say don't come here based on their miserable cleanliness and demeanor.This was my first time going to Ocean Harbor and also first time having Dim Sum. I was excited but also did not know what to expect. There were carts plated with a variety of food and brought to each table throughout the restaurant. We were able to choose which dishes we wanted to try and then the waitress would make her way to the next table. Each time we were offered something new to taste. The food was delicious and seasoned well, the portions were also good. The environment was busy, but in a way that made me feel like I was at a large family dinner. 
My one critique would be on the chopsticks. I have never had any trouble using chopsticks and actually prefer them as my eating utensils. They were made of a hard plastic, making them a little slippery. Other than that everything was amazing and I would definitely go back!!Hungry and don't feel like waiting for the food to come out? The answer is simple! DIM SUM! Cheap and decent dim sum. 
The food are good but the service is lacking. This place needs to improve their services.Best dim sum place I had in center city. Very authentic and the food is always quick. Just like the ones I get in Hong Kong. If you're interested in dim sum, make sure you go have a try!On weekends, the restaurant gets pretty crowded around 10:30am and parties have to start waiting to get seated. Luckily, two girlfriends and I got there around 10:10 on a Sunday and the restaurant was pretty empty. Despite the restaurant filling up within 20 minutes, the number of dim sum carts and servers with trays walking around did not increase for the next hour. It was the same 3 carts walking around, and I wish they would increase the number of carts coming around.
The dim sum was pretty good, not too salty BUT bordering on the a-little-too-greasy side. The shumai was good, my friend really liked the bbq pork buns, and our table got two servings of the mini-egg tarts (yum!). Most servers aren't great with English and only know Cantonese, but it's not too hard to point to whatever you want. I really liked that some servers would give us a dim sum tin that wasn't the one on top that had been exposed for a while/was getting cold.
My only objection to this place is that I wish they wouldn't tell you to automatically tip 18%, 20% or 25% (only three options on a machine the cashier points at you). I wish they would let you customize your tip.My boyfriend's favorite place to go to in Chinatown.
The man ignored me when I asked for a ticket.. 2x. My boyfriend came in, and finally managed to get one. I have no idea how long we waited.. but we finally got a table, except we had to share with another party.. I found that awkward a bit.
The food was good, but the service was just ehh.. unfortunately, we were seated in the corner and the carts took forever to come and by the time they did everything was gone. Whenever I eat dimsum, I look forward to eating taro dumplings but I don't think they had it :(
We were going to leave a tip but they cleaned up the table too fast so I went to the bathroom, and when I came back out, a waiter was standing with my boyfriend waiting for me to tip him.
We came around 1-1:30pmThe dim sum here is okay. The food didn't taste very fresh nor flavorful. My friend and I stumbled into this place during a walk through Chinatown. 
I wouldn't come back.This is our third trip for dim sum, and our third dim sum restaurant in Philly. So, far I would rate this one almost 1st, as far as food goes, but it gets knocked to second behind HK Golden Phoenix because of the service. What about the service? 90% of the staff was great. But there was this one lady... She must have been the owner's wife or something. We arrived almost right at opening and were seated right away (something to remember for next time: weekdays, first thing, they aren't busy). The dim sum carts began circling almost immediately, and everyone was really attentive when we asked for specific items (we like sticky rice and BBQ pork buns). While we were eating, this one lady would walk around with her food cart, go to may be two tables, and then turn around and sit down at a table with her friends. Then maybe 5 minutes or so later, she would do it again. I noticed this for two reasons: 1. She never chose our table as her "2"
2. and her cart had the sticky rice we wanted. 
At any rate, the food was great. Their spring rolls were awesome. Anyone whose tried to make them knows the secret for good spring rolls is rolling them tight so there isn't any air inside, and these were perfect. My wife enjoyed the pork dumplings and the sticky rice. For our fourth trip we may return here, but we'll probably go to Joy Tsin Lau next.After moving recently, I had not been able to hang out with my family as often as I used to. To remedy this, my cousins and I decided to go out for dim sum to catch up and we were able to convince my 95y/o grandmother to come with us. Usually our place of choice is Wokano on Washington Ave, but we decided to try a place in Chinatown instead. We chose Ocean Harbor and that turned out to be the biggest mistake of the day. 
The restaurant seemed relatively busy, but looked to be slowing down as customers were finishing up their meals. It was about 2:40 or so when we arrived so I expected this. My cousins and I were worried about whether or not they were still serving dim sum so as soon as we were seated, we asked the waiter. He really didn't seem to be paying attention and kind of just mumbled "yeah, yeah" without really looking at us and then rushed off. 
We didn't really think anything of it because shortly after, a different waiter came and asked us if we'd like hot tea. We said yes and, as he brought it over, a lady came by with some dim sum dishes. We were relieved to see the dim sum and ordered three of the dishes (two shrimp rice noodle rolls and a pork dish). The server seemed to be in a rush and kind of just threw down the dishes on the table. As she poured the sauce onto the rice noodle dish, she splashed it everywhere. And not once, mind you. She did it with both of them. I couldn't believe it and, after hearing my cousin do his trademark nervous chuckle, I don't think he could either. There was nothing special about the noodle dish, but the pork was kind of cold. 
Fast forward a couple of minutes later and we don't see anymore food. Most dim sum places have the carts that go around every table with goodies, but we didn't see any. That's fine. We understand some places don't do dim sum this way so we asked if there would be any more food coming so we could get more. The guy said yes and walked off.
Then the lady who served the dim sum came by to ask what we'd like to order. We had no idea what to order because we didn't know what was available. We asked for a menu. A guy came by, threw that on the table and, once again, walked off. I am not exaggerating the throwing down the menu thing. It wasn't cool. No one came back to ask us anything after that. I kept looking around, trying to see if any other tables were getting served, but everything seemed to be at a standstill with the other customers as well. The waitstaff, meanwhile, started moving tables and chairs around to prepare for dinner? I don't really know. I just know a guy bumped my cousin's chair with a table he was carelessly carrying and it was hard enough that she didn't look happy.
During this time, we asked at least two more times if dim sum was still going on with no other answer than, "yeah." Otherwise, I felt we were totally ignored.
Now, I want to say we are patient people. At one time or another, we have all worked in the service industry and we understand sometimes there are things that happen that you can't help. If it was just us cousins, we would have made the best of the situation. 
But we don't mess around with grandma. She's 95. It's very rare that she feels up to coming out with us nowadays and we did not want to keep waiting for food. That's why we chose to do dim sum when her; we expected to be served quickly. That's the whole point of dim sum. If you are not going to serve dim sum, please just let us know one of the many times we asked instead of just giving a one (or two) worded answer and then walking away. Or if you are serving it, let us order.
My cousin felt the waitstaff was rude so instead of sticking it out, we decided to just go somewhere else. It wasn't worth it to us to have grandma wait any longer. 
When she got up to pay, she wanted to pay by card. We only came up to $9.50 as a total, but there was a $15 minimum. She said ok and the cashier said she'd have to order two more rice noodle dim sum dishes to be able to pay by card. My cousin said ok but said to hold on one second. She came back to the table to ask her brother and I if we had cash and we did. So She went back, paid for it with a $20, and only got back $4. When she asked why it was $4, the cashier said she ordered two more dishes. Yes, that was her fault, but she asked if she could cancel those two dishes because we paid with cash and not card. The lady said no, we could not cancel the order. 
I mean .. what? That makes no sense. It's a dim sum dish anyway, right? Shouldn't it already be prepared? And she didn't even put the order in. We were sitting right next to the cashier, we can see everything. But she refused and we were hungry and had had enough. 
We didn't bother waiting for those two dishes. Overall, we spent 30-40 minutes here with just 3 dishes.  We walked across the street to Joy Tsin Lau and that was sooo much better.
Tl;Dr : If you want dim sum, Joy Tsin Lau serves it from 2pm-4pm. Go there, avoid here.啊这个太难用英文写了。
很久前来吃的，当时第一次来费城吃早茶，随便选的一家，人很多，是那种有人推车自取的，很有感觉。一下子像真的在香港。
点了虾饺蟹黄烧卖什么的，都非常好吃，她们吃的吃的凤爪和大肠啥的据说也很好吃（我不吃）。牛仔骨好吃。萝卜糕比较一般。可惜没有肠粉，种类也不算太多，虽然够吃。
总之当时还蛮惊艳，比之后吃的醉仙楼什么的也好吃，主要是喜欢这个环境。
美中不足是小费是强制最低18%。For the "best" dim sum in Philly, it was ok. Ordering is diffucult to impossible, and the service is pretty terrible. Cheap though.Dim SUM with CG friends. Food was awesome, as always. We had a large group so they sat us up on the stage, view of the entire dinning area. Try the chicken feet, mark of a true Dim Sum Connoisseur! Less adventurous, go for the crispy squid, spare ribs, chasiu buns.Any time my family is in town, this is our go-to spot for Dim Sum.  There is always a good crowd so expect a wait unless you go early enough.  It's fairly inexpensive as the bill was under $60 for 5 people.  I can't say much about the dinner because we just come here for dim sum.  If you love your standard dim sum like har-gow or shu mai, this is a good place to come to.Maybe my expectations were too high after returning from eating great food in Hong Kong?!?! Fare was acceptable, but I was looking for more flavour and colour in my dim-sum choices. Some dishes looked bland. 
Came here after 1st choice, Joy Tsin Lau, was closed the morning after H.Irene passed thru. Patronised mainly by local Chinese. I myself come from Cantonese/Chinese heritage. The decor and layout looked tired. I'll be trying other dim-sum restaurants when I visit Philly next time.I came here at 2pm on a Sunday afternoon. We were quickly seated very rudely by a waiter who gave us the sternest look and didn't answer anything. The employees barely spoke english. I guess it was too much to attempt to speak to them in Vietnamese. 
Nearly everything is overly sweetened. I could taste sugar in so many dishes that weren't supposed to have sugar. 
Bad food. Bad service.This is probably one of my favorite places to get dim sum in the city, they have a ton of different carts coming around with all kinds of different dumplings, rices, noodles, and meats (chicken feet, tripe, orange chicken, etc...).
This is a genuine dim sum experience and a must go to if you are into dumplings and the like.Based on the good reviews on Yelp, we went to Ocean Harbor for dinner.  Since dim sum is recommended, we had some "made to order" dishes.  They were disappointing, looking and tasting like re-steamed left overs from the dim sum hour.
What rescued the meal was the Stir-fried Water Spinach with Fermented Bean Curd (&#33104;&#20083;&#31354;&#24515;&#33756;).  It was the best stir fried water spinach I've had.  Although I've ordered the dish many times before in Cantonese/Hong Kong restaurants, no chef has prepared it with finely julienned ginger as Ocean Harbor did it.  It was heavenly.  Give the dish a try next time if you are willing to experience the acquired taste of fermented bean curd.Good variety, authentic taste. Busiest times are in the mornings and early afternoons on Friday and the weekends. My go to place for dimsum in Philly.Tried 3 times to get in this place and failed. Finally get three before 10:15 on a Sat when they just opened. By 11 it was pack and loud. So plan on getting there early. On the other hand if you don't want to deal with the wait and the noise there is always JSL across the street. Deco is nothing to write home about.
Now the food. We tried the same basic stuffs and I think they are a little better than JSL across the street. There is not as much varieties, but could be because we are there early. Chicken feet is very good. Beef innards are pretty standard. Shrimp and pork dumplings are good with subtle flavor. The steam pork bun is the smallest I have seen in my life but is tasty. The tea is definitely better.Traditional but it was ok. It's hard for them to explain what the food is. So you might get something you don't like. And it's expensive you end up with a lot of little portions and it adds up.Terrible service. Food is mediocre. I've never had such a rude and unpleasant experience before in my life. My husband and I were there on a Sunday afternoon. After getting a table, which we had to share with another group  and wasn't even set up yet, the waiter took forever to even acknowledge us. I didn't even know this guy was our waiter because he was just walking right past us multiple times, chatting and laughing with this group of people who seemed like his friends. After everything was set up finally, we literally sat there for another 15 minutes for the main carts to come to us. When we told our waiter about it, instead of trying to help us, he's screaming at us about how he has no control over it. At other dim sum places we have been to, waiters would ask if everything's okay and if we wanted anything that we haven't seen yet. Don't expect that at this restaurant. This waiter (older gentleman with glasses) left such a bad taste in my mouth the entire day. So rude. You don't treat customers that way. I will never return to this restaurant.Absolutely amazing and authentic Chinese/Hong Kong style dim sum for a very reasonable price! The restaurant is a little worn, but I think the food makes up for it.We tried Ocean Harbor for dim sum with our kids. Why do we have to feel so rush to order and eat? For dim sum, it's 4 stars but the service is 2. All the dishes we had were good - fried squid, shrimp dumplings, pork dumplings, and spare pork ribs. My kids even wanted the fried rice and was surprisingly good. It wasn't oily or salty. Their pork buns were excellent. Buns were light and the meat inside was very flavorful. They didn't have any soup dumplings. For dim sum, I may go back. It was better than Imperial Inn. look forward to try Dim Sum Garden and Shang Hi I.Great place for dim sum and Cantonese style cuisine. I love the lobster and clam! Lobster is on sale now. Buy one get one free now.Somehow it wasn't as good as I remembered them to be. Some advice/observations:
1. Do *not* get their fried stuff; they are too greasy and their puff pastry stuff is too stuffy and dry.
2. Chase down the ladies with the delicious items (e.g., shrimp in rice wrapper). There are others who will chase them down and you won't get any. You snooze; you lose.
3. Try their chicken feet in red sauce. It's actually pretty decent.
4. Do get their jello (mango and coconut).
5. If you get a choice, try to sit close to the kitchen (the entrance to the kitchen). That's where they come out with the cart.AVOID this place and find another place in C-Town! I dread eating here everytime I have to attend a function, and I'm Chinese. The failed health inspection report is an accurate representation of this terrible restaurant. Yes, the food tastes good, but don't get blinded by that unless you enjoy sitting on the crapper for over an hour looking like Melissa McCarthy in the bathroom of the bridal shop of Bridesmaids. There are so many cleaner restaurants in C-Town; however, this is not 1 of them.What a great dim sum place. It's one of the few places remaining where they still come around with carts. It's super busy, so everything was fresh. I was pleasantly surprised that the carts came around frequently. Some standouts included sticky rice dumplings, green peppers stuffed with shrimp, and the sesame lotus balls. Went there with my husband and two friends and we ate everything that wasn't nailed down, and our bill was $69 -- a total bargain. It gets super crowded on a Sunday. We got there just before 10:30 and waited about 20 minutes for a table.I've eaten dim sum at plenty of places in Chicago, averaging about twice a month for the last few years. Coming from Chicago with a pretty good dim sum background, I feel that Ocean Harbor. For cart service, this is as good as it gets. They have cart servers, & others dedicated to filling the carts while on the move, which is a very efficient way to speed up service.
The food is great. The fun rolls are very similar to the best I've had in Chicago.  Siu Mai is also pretty good. 
The wait is horrendous, but definitely worth it. I would suggest getting there around 11, since I arrived around noon, & waited about 45 min.Ocean Harbor's dim sum is OK.  Joy Tsin Lau across the street is consistently serving steaming hot carts full of food, while Ocean Harbor isn't always on top of it.  Plus their carts take forever to get around.  My biggest gripe?  the line takes for. e. ver.I think people have to take dim sum at ocean harbor within the context of typical authentic chinese dim sum.  Things that you might not expect if you have never been to an authentic dim sum place:
1) You cannot expect a personal waiter to serve you and check in on you. They take your tea order and that's about it.
2) The place is crowded, and the staff is overworked.
3) This is a positive thing, because it means the food is actually good!
4) It is acceptable to get up and walk to a cart if you want something from it. The ladies can't possibly swing by every table, and the good stuff runs out fast.
5) If at all possible, try and sit within 10 feet of the door to the kitchen. It might be loud, but you get first dibs on the good stuff.
6) You can always order the things you don't see.  Just flag down a waiter.
7) If you want more tea, flip the lid up.
8) Cantonese people (and pretty much all Chinese people) get insane about their food. They will push, shove, and claw to get the food they like. It's not rude, it's part of the culture.
That said, Ocean Harbor is the closest thing I've found in Philly to good dim sum places in Hong Kong.  Go here, take a number, man up, and enjoy.Ate around 1pm on a Saturday. Waited maybe 25min. Lots of different dishes flying around on carts. Variety is key! Higher than average number of seafood dishes. The food was all hot and fresh. Tab for a group of 8 worked out to $80 including tip.
Normal round tables with kitschy decor. Normal annoyed dim sum attitude, but that's part of the charm..?
By around 2pm it had thinned out a bit, as had the carts, so I say go earlier.I came here with my parents on a weekday morning, so it was lucky that the place wasn't as crowded as other describe. We ordered classic dim sum such as steamed chicken feet, shrimp dumpling, steamed spare rib, etc. The food was not bad, comparable to those I had in NYC or SF in my opinion. But the service was a little under average.Bleh, coming from a background that ate dim sum regularly. . . I was ill prepared for the wonderful service and the not so great dim sum. The place needs to step it up.Not too bad. Stick to Cantonese dishes though. 
Order anything northern or western, probably will be disappointed.Been going here for a while, but my visit this morning gives me an interesting story! Here goes...
1) Got seated, guy with broken English yelled at us for not understanding his attempt at saying "What kind of tea do you want? Do you drink tea?" I'm Asian, and I'm good with accents. Weird.
2) Only service we got was from the friendly cart lady and food. Assigned waiter never once came over, even when I signaled for him to come over.
3) Made the decision to pay the bill and leave without a tip, knowing full well the consequences after reading Mindy C's review.
4) As we left, jackass waiter had the nerve to say, "You forgot to leave tip!" at the top of the stairs with all of the patrons waiting to be seated around us. Everyone got quiet, and I replied back, "You didn't even serve us." 
In my hero moment, I turned around and continued down the stairs.
5) Much to my surprise, he actually followed us outside (per Mindy C's experience). So we knew what to do, we just turned around, shook our heads, and continued walking. It felt great. Actually, it was kind of funny because it transpired EXACTLY as Mindy C wrote, down to the street chasing. 
Now, the food here isn't that bad, I go on occasion with a group of friends. I just feel like giving one star for the non-service we got. I wonder if they'll kick me out next time I go with a group. I'll even wear the same blue UPenn sweater today so they can recognize me. Fantastic!great place they have alot of dim sum selection and great drinks too they also have lobster and other seafood selections as welMost items are good, e.g. creamy custard bun, chicken feet, and steamed beef short ribs, but some are just ok, e.g. fried shrimps. For price, the more people, the better the price, if you want to try a variety of food. In that way, you have more people to share the cost.We went to the Ocean Harbor for dim sum a few years back, it turned out to be pretty decent. Theres a few people pushing carts around and you basically keeps yellign what they have. I have never had any dim sum before so I was pretty excited. The dim sum quality was pretty nice.After a couple of disappointing visits with Imperial for dim sum, my friends suggested this was the spot. Without hesitation, I decided to give it a try. Arrived at 10:30 with a party of 4 on a Sunday and there were people already crowding the entrance. The wait was roughly between 15-30 minutes. 
As traditional, you're served hot tea and just pick and point the dishes you want as the servers wheel around carts of various items. There's a lot to choose from, which I was satisfied about. Not only that, they come around quite fast despite the hectic diners. Most of the items I choose were solid, but I wouldn't say they were the best. 
The dishes were cheap, but it does add up. I never spend more than $40 for this, but by the end my bill racked up to $95 and thats not even including tip. Will I be back? Yes. So forth, still seeking a decent dim sum joint to call home.Philly is not known for its dim sum. This is the only decent dim sum in the city. I do not go to Joy Tsin Lau b/c the food is salty, greasy and loaded up on msg. Ocean Harbor is the best you will get in philly for dim sum.Great place for dim sum. The wait during the weekends may be 45min- an hour wait. There are other dim sum places like across the street, but this place is better. 
They have fried rice and fried noodles that are meat free and taste great. 
They have all the traditional Dim sum dishes like shumai, shrimp rice rolls, beef short ribs, etc. 
it's also close to a lot of other places to get dessert since it's right in ChinatownOcean Harbor has amazing dim sum!  The last time I was in Philly, I was looking forward to going here.  Unfortunately, I got here too late and they weren't serving it anymore.  I'm def putting this place at the top of my list for the next time I'm in Philly!Yes I gave them another chance. This time we went on a weekday around 1pm. The place was crowded as always. We had to wait about 30 mins for a cart to come by us. (Last time we waited 45mins) They ran out of shumai but luckily we got one right before we were done eating.
Not every dim sum carts stopped by us. They ignore us or just drove pass by. We asked and waved just like last time. no luck. 
A couple had worst luck than us this time; they sat the other side of the room. Feel bad for them. They were there before us and they didnt get food at all!!!  They asked the owner for help he said ok and did nothing about it.  about 30 mins after we finally got our food they got up and shouted "can we get food here?" No cart stops by her. They got up and left and refused to pay for their drinks.  They were very upset. I do feel bad for them since I had to deal with this before.
Good food. Variety of dim sum if you are willing to wait for awhile. I think this place is good for a large group. Not very good for 2-3 people. Will not come back here for awhile.Returned to Ocean Harbor this weekend.  Still the favorite Dim Sum spot in Philly's China Town.  We had a table of ten this time, several that had never had Dim Sum, all loved it.  Service was great considering the size of table, variety of Dim Sum available was very good as usual, especially because we wanted to introduce the new comers to as many different dishes as possible.  Another successful visit!Just your regular dimsum here..
But the nerve of the waiter and cashier. We got charged extra for freaking water. Isn't it suppose to be free? I asked why did we get charged an extra four dollars. The waiter said extra charge from tea and water. I understand the tea part, but water??
Not only that, but apparently she was not happy that we did not TIP enough. We tipped 15% and she even demanded more.She even ran after us after we were leaving.  (Mind you, our bill was not even that much).
What the heck! I seriously never experienced that before. The service was extremely poor.
We requested water twice before even getting it. How hard is it to get water?
Ah! You are better off going somewhere else for service.
Food wise, it's the same as any other place.This has been my go-to dim sum place since I was young. I think my family use to go to Imperial, but not sure the reason for the change, but this place is solid and it shows by the long waiting times on the weekend. Good luck if you have a wait less than 10 minutes! Also if you are a small party of 2, expect to possibly share a table with another party of 2. (Common practice in China)
You can also tell there are select favorites among people as the waitresses with those on their plates or carts are flagged down constantly and eye'd when they come out of the kitchen. Sometimes after numerous attempts, you just have to specifically request them to come to your table first, and on occasions, they oblige. Unfortunately, I only know how to say my favorites in Chinese or point them out by seeing it or otherwise I'd give you a list of my favorites and recommendations. The shrimp rice noodle rolls (w/ sweet soy sauce) is a MUST! I also recommend their chrysanthemum tea with a side of rock sugar. MmMM.. All this talking about dim sum, now I'm craving some!My go-to place for dim sun in philly Chinatown. More authentic than Joy Tsin Lau imo.I've only been here for dim sum and a big annual banquet so I got a healthy sampling of at least 25 different dishes (all the dim sum usuals like cha sui bao, shumai, ha gao).  The food is good but not excellent.  It's reliably good though so if you're looking for a big restaurant for a group of people to share typical Chinese or dimsum with, this place will serve you well.  I haven't been in a while though so I'll have to update this review soon.Ok so dim sum here taste like any other dim sum. I'm giving this 1 star because of its service. We was treated like here. It was a hot day and we got seated. Any restaurant that start off they would ask u for something to drink or have a glass of water or tea for u automatically. Nope! Not here guys. We was there for an hr waiting for the cart to come to us. It finally did and we got 3 shrimp dumpling. We ask the waiter can we get water. She said "you have to tell your waiter". She dash away like a taxi cab never seen again. So here we are sitting here dehydrated dying of thirst like we in the Sahara desert. No cart came to us. No waiters to be found. It was like we were on an island stranded dying for food and water. We tried to flag the waiter down. 
SOS
They seen us but ignore us.
We gave up hope! No one was here to serve us.
So we got up and paid for the 3 dumpling in the front desk. We didn't leave no tip because no one was there to serve us.
As soon we open the door and step outside to freedom we heard a lady saying something behind us.
"You didn't tip" said the waitress.
Remind you that we didn't know who our waitress is. Let alone anyone serving us except that one cart that came to us.
I said "you didn't serve us at all, didn't bring no water, napkins or anything.
I forgot to mention we got the spoon and chopstick from another table.
She said "you still have to tip".
I'm already piss and aggravated so I'm causing a seen. 
I said "funk it"! Dug in the pants for a couple of dollars and gave it to her. 
I know I shouldn't have gave her shit and walk away but remind u this is Chinatown. These restaurant is own my the triades mafia. I didn't want to get tape up on the chair in the basement restaurant getting my nail and teeth pull over a couple of dollars. So yea never again I'm going there.Came here on a Friday at 8:30pm and there are only three tables here.  Service is very quick. The food portion is HUGE!!! We ordered lobsters cooked with green onion and ginger in Cantonese style.  They have a BOGO free deal for lobster. The lobster is fresh and good but a bit on the salty side.  We also ordered an assorted seafood with tofu clay pot, it is okay. We will be back to try other dishes.This is my favorite place to eat dimsum in Philly.  As others mentioned, definitely get in here before 11am if you do not like waiting in lines. 
I think they have a great variety of dim sum dishes here, and if you don't see it, you can always ask for it. The service here is great.There are some pretty bad reviews for this place, but I really enjoyed the dim sum here! Granted the person that takes down the number of people in your party is pretty rude, I found the rest of the wait staff to be pretty pleasant!
We had a party of 6 at around 1pm and we were seated about 1:20/1:25. The food came out in waves but we got everything each of us wanted - (please excuse my spelling) haw gao, shumai, cha siu bao, haw fun, pai guai, etc. Everything was fresh and pipping hot. I thought the shumai flavors were especially on point!! They were a little slow with bring out the food from the kitchen, but our cart ladies remembered what we had requested and brought over all the things we had wanted when it came out!
I thought the dim sum was better than most I've been to in Chinatown Manhattan, although it doesn't quite compare to the dim sum in Flushing!got 8 dishes:
cold jellyfish (ok)
stuffed green peppers (eh, already cold)
fried squid (salty and overcooked so it was dry like cardboard)
har gow (not so good)
shiu mai (eh)
spareribs (ok, but basically little bits of meat and bone in a puddle of fat)
chicken feet (decent)
honeycomb tripe (eh)
there is one not-hot cart - this is where the special items they bring out end up if they don't get swiped up (took a little time to notice this: i got the squid while it was being walked, i got the stuffed green peppers off the cart and they were cold) so i'd suggest not getting anything for this cart but waiting for something to come out fresh instead
if i go back i want to try the tendon, never seen it served straight up beforeI have been a skeptical of the whole point on 'Dim Sum'. I don't like it because:
1. If I eat with friends, I ended up paying too much for a food that I didn't get to eat, because my friends ate em all.
2. I don't like the whole idea of me eating and being bothered every single second by the waiters/waitresses.
3. Their food is plain as it can be.
However, last saturday I went with gf (in here for vacation), despite being skeptical about such place, since she was craving for it. The first 10 minutes after getting seated and start picking our foods, everything went very well. My point of view about dim sum about to be changed. I actually thought that it'd be nice if someday I take my parents to eat here and have a good family time together.
But then.. after the 3rd and so on dish, I felt that the food was getting plain and plainer. And so, after we both full, we decided to pay for it.
The cashier didn't smile. Didn't ask anything like hows the food etc etc. Didn't even say hi. Just take our check and cash. Gave us our change and didn't even say 'thank you'.
As soon as the whole transaction was done and we're about to go, one of the waiter came to us in a hurry and this is what came out of his mouth 'you didn't leave tips'. At first I didn't quite catch that so I asked again, 'i'm sorry, what?'. He replied back 'you didn't leave tips..tips!' I was a bit baffled about it. But I was quick to response, so I took out $2 and gave it to him and hurried to leave the place at once.
I was so shocked I can't even say anything. First of all, a restaurant did not supposed to ask for tips, not even to the point of chasing it's customer. Second of all, tipping are not required and it's something that is earned.
Anyway not going to whine more. What's done is done. We won't be back at all. I won't ever bring my parents. My skepticism about dim sum will get stronger. Bottom line is this place is utterly sucks. If I can give no stars, I'd prefer that.
$14.65 + $2 for 5 very small trays of food and tips extortion are not worth every penny.My grandmother insisted that I take her to dimsum here despite my past experiences. There was a big green fly cooked crisp in the fried rice. I am absolutely furious and disgusted.Some of the best dimsum in Philadelphia. However, the food is not worth the incredibly rude staff. I usually come here on busy Sunday's with my family to have brunch. These people are never friendly and always yell at us. While I'm aware that most of these authentic Chinese places aren't known for their hospitality, what I witnessed one day was unbelievable. I saw a dissatisfied couple leave a few dollars for a tip on the table and start to walk out. A waiter chased the couple out on the street and yelled at them to come back because they didn't leave a big enough tip! Who does that??? After sharing what I witnessed to a few friends, it turns out that this restaurant does this all the time! Look at reviews before me, examples are all there. I don't know on what planet that it's acceptable to actually YELL at people for not providing an acceptable tip. The way that they treat customers makes me feel sick. Save your money and go elsewhere!The staff is rude, it's always crowded, the clientele is rude, and it takes years to even get a glass of water.
But, damnit, this is the BEST hangover meal ever.Ocean Harbor has been my family's choice of dim sum restaurant ever since we moved to Pennsylvania, in 1995.  That's history, people.  We've been through multiple changes in management, staff turnover, name changes (Chinese name of the restaurant) and even two daughters off to college and beyond.
And so, with everybody home for Thanksgiving, of course we came to Ocean Harbor.  Always has been and still is the best dim sum joint in Philadelphia.
We thought we would beat the crowd by arriving before noon...already packed!  Our favorites were still delicious, yet a bit on the greasy side.  The tasty greasy side.
It's not as varied or good as dim sum in New York or San Francisco, or, of course, China, but in Philly you'll do well waiting in the crowds here.Awful service! Very rude wait staff and be prepared at the end of your meal they'll ask you for a tip. My tip for the day is don't waste your money on this dump.It is a beautiful foggy and rainy Sunday in Philadelphia. You know what that means? It is time for dim sum (for some). Many, including myself, prefer this Chinese tradition to the typical eggs and bacon brunch, mostly for the variety of dishes offered in one sitting. In Philadelphia, the best dim sum is of course located in Chinatown and includes restaurants such as Dim Sum Garden, Joy Tsin Lau and Ocean City Restaurant. 
We followed the crowds to Ocean City where a crowd of people waited at the front for their turn to be seated. Luckily, the wait was not that long since we showed up after the 1pm lunch rush. 
The food is served in steam table trolleys usually stacked high with bamboo or metal steamer baskets. Waiters push them around the restaurant from table to table, and you get to point to the dish that you want and order. Each table gets a card that is stamped. Each order typically costs only a few dollars adding up.  Once seated, our eyes went directly to the many food trolleys circling the room. We selected the Har Gow (steamed shrimp dumplings), Shumai (pork), Siu Mai (open pork dumpling), a delicious shrimp and cilantro dumpling. 
The Siu mai is a open-topped steamed pork and/or shrimp dumpling made with a wheat flour wrapping and is often topped with fish roe or grated carrot. This is always a favorite and is always one of our orders. 
The zhaliang (friend, noodle-wrapped cullers) is a steamed rice noodle wrapped around crispy fried cullers topped with soy and hoisin sauce. The combination of the crispy and soft texture is a perfect contrast and tastes really good. 
The Har Gau or steamed shrimp dumplings is always a favorite. It is a translucent  dumpling made with wheat starch skin and tapioca to give it that stretchy texture. It is typically filled with shrimp only but sometimes if you get lucky scallions and bamboo shoots are used. The Har Gau is hard to find as it is typically everyone's favorite. We waited around the longest for a basket of these. 
Overall, our dim sum experience at Ocean City was pretty good. Despite the crowds of people, the service was pretty good for dim sum standards. We ended up eating way too much and only paid $30 for a table of two. Where else can you find such a grand feast for so little?ARRIVE EARLY! otherwise, you'd just be standing in line for quite some time ... when you want dim sum over the wknds.
and i'd pick ocean harbor over joy tsin lau any day ...Visited Philly Chinatown for a little bit as I was driving home from NY back to DC area and I was craving dim sum. I was walking around and saw lots of Chinese people exiting the restaurant, so that prompted me to go in and take a look. As soon as I walked in, I knew this was the place I wanted to eat that day. Workers are pushing around dim sum carts like they did in the past (traditional style) and the restaurant wasn't too packed (around 12:30 pm on Sunday). Shu mai was good but large, sticky rice was alright, egg tarts was great, shrimp har gao was not bad either. Also ordered beef chow fun and that was tasty. It was a huge portion, but it was slightly too wet, but wasn't too big of an issue. Next time I come back to Philly Chinatown, I'm definitely taking a stop for dim sum at Ocean Harbor.The BEST
Dim sum excellent 
Service excellent 
Great experience 
Very nice staff
Friendly
Perfect foodThis is the place to go to if you're looking for some Cantonese style dim sum. Dim Sum garden across the street serves Shangai dim sum so the two styles are fairly different. I'm used to Cantonese dim sum, and it's what I usually crave when I crave dim sum, so Ocean Harbor would be the place I would go for a traditional dim sum meal. 
I came here for a pretty late lunch on a weekday so it wasn't crowded at all. Maybe five parties at most. The place is pretty roomy but I can imagine how this place could get crowded during the weekends. Our group ordered a few items but to be honest, none of the items really stuck out to me as being special or really good. Everything was pretty average to me. 
For dim sum in Philadelphia, it's pretty decent so I'll continue to go back to satisfy my cravings.just have to be patient with the carts...food is ok and comparable to to other dim sum places in phillyPretty good dim sum, they have your usual standard items like steamed shrimp dumplings, congee, braised tofu with mushrooms, and sticky rice balls.  Dim sum is fresher than Joy Tsin Lau's but there's really not much variety. They do have little cuttlefish in curry sauce, which is something I've only seen at Happy Chef in Chicago.  There's a younger crowd here and the decor is far more impressive and cleaner than any other restaurant in Chinatown.The service is okay. The dim sum is good, but be careful with your credit cards. The lady at the front desk with the crooked teeth charged my card TWICE. When I asked why she was swiping my card a 2nd time, even though a receipt came out, she said it didn't go through. It appeared on my account immediately and I showed her the proof. She said I had to take it up with my bank. The bank said she did try to charge me twice and now i have to dispute it. Not worth your time - there's a ton of dim sum places in Chinatown.My kids are not super-adventurous eaters, but they had been wanting to try dim sum for a while, so we took them to Ocean Harbor. 8 hours later, I'm still feeling full.
Awesome fried octopus. My husband really loved their clams, but they were a little too salty for me. My kids liked the chicken dumplings, and my daughter was crazy for their soup--I'm not sure exactly what was in it, beyond rice noodles. 
Crowded, but all the best dim sum places are on a Sunday at lunchtime.One of the better places to have dim sum in Chinatown.  If you plan on coming here on the weekend between 11AM to 2PM be sure to send somebody to wait and grab a ticket an hour ahead of time.  This place gets super packed and waiting for a table by the staircase is no fun.Great dim sum in the PA even though not much choices compared to New York. But definitely better than any others in Chinatown. Cheap price, our family love to eat dim sum and dinner there.Man this place is a long ass wait for some good ass dim sum! lol 
This definitely is the hotspot for dimsum!!! Everybody goes here!! 
and the food, omg the BEST DIM SUm food!!! its sooo good and lots and lots of selections! yummy!!! mm i want some now lol
But theres some bad points about it.
1. you are gonna wait forever, so you get a number and let your friend find parking (cuz thats impossible to find especially on a sunday). 
2. the service for some drinks or water is really horrible. the waiter spilled water on me cuz  he didnt pay attention when he was pouring cuz he was busy lookin at something else and he didnt say sorry at all. (thats because he was an old chinese old head...hes lucky he didnt speak english) lol...and it was kinda rude 1 time when we really by accident forgot to leave tip and they came running to us and said "TIp?" we were like...wooww...i thought tip was optional but yes we forgot, but dam! lol.
also i think they can validate your parking tik if you parked at the garage across the st. 2 dollar discount? i think?? im not sure! lolIf you want the best Dim Sum in Chinatown,  Ocean Harbor is your place.  If you look at my profile picture, you can see I met Travel Channel's Andrew Zimmern while he was filming an episode of Bizzare foods at Ocean Harbor.  Cool huh?  It gets very busy here but you'll sit down much faster if its just you and another person.  Don't remember the Chinese name for it, but make sure you ask for the flower (chrysanthemum) tea instead of the regular kind, it's much more fragrant and tasty especially after crushing up a couple rocks of sugar in your cup, you'll see what I'm talking bout.  You'll have to ask for ice water too because they won't give you it by default.  I get real thirsty after chowing down on chicken feet...don't knock it till you try it LOL.This place jipped us over $3k and used a language barrier as an excuse. Don't ever come here these guys are not legitThis place is sadly the best place for dim sum in Philly, but is very meh overall as Philly doesn't have much of any other selections in general. There is usually a line during dim sum, and if you go during rush hour for dim sum, don't even expect any service because you won't get any. We were chase as we were leaving for the door, asking for tips, as we left tips on the credit card and not on the table. 
Dinner is very disappointing here. Please don't go here for dinner. The sweet and sour pork is overcooked and not crunchy. We got some stir-fried lotus roots with veggies, but the lotus roots were all broken in little chunks. Maybe the cook thinks that we have don't know how to chew and need to give us little bits and chunks.Best dim sum in Philly, very traditional Chinese dim sum, they come around with carts you ask them or point at what you want. the way it should be. none of that ordering from a menu bullsht. The little ladies that push the cart speak Mandarin or Cantonese, that's it, they are so stinking cute. Not vegan friendly, go f**k yourselves vegan people, you're not welcomed here. my favorite is the tripe/cow intestines and the congee/ "jook", mmm, so good.
the only gripe I have are the amount of white people present at any given time in this facility, they're really annoying to watch trying to fit in / use chopsticks.Had a great time with me adopted family not sure I adopted them or them me but we are good friends and I love them glad they shared Chinese New Year with me and this place -- enjoyed and would return again.Pretty solid Dim Sum - I think it's much better than Joy Tsin Lau. Traditional carts and you can ask for a menu if you like. The key is the timing. Get there before noon and no problem. Get there at 1 and you'll be waiting. Make sure you put your name on the list and get a number - don't just stand around. And stay close because they'll jump over you if you don't respond. Don't be surprised if you share a table with another group - that's pretty standard. Great for groups and parties and affordable prices. Try to avoid the bathrooms though...man this is the shittiest dum sum place I ever been to. The service was bad, the food wasn't all that good, and they barely had any options pushing around in the cart. Last time I recall, dim sum is a place where mini portions of food gets pushed around in a cart. nope, not here at ocean harbor. we have to order for what we want, what? Man never againThis place is where my family always goes for a family get together, and to eat dim sum. Their dim sum in my opinion is the best in Chinatown. NO one makes "hah choung" or "har gau" like they do. However, like in some other reviews, the staff is rude.I'm a huge fan. They do a bustling trade on weekends, but they still do a great job of getting your party seated in a hurry. I frequently see them pulling off the sheets as the previous table to getting up to leave and we are being led there.
Great dumplings, chicken feet and assorted goodies. They have a nice variety, and I don't think I have ever walked away unsatisfied. A huge meal usually runs less than $20 a person.Pretty good dim sum. Service is pretty rude. Would probably go back though just for the dim sum experience.Wife and I are from Flushing, NY visiting - looking for dim sum - there were a couple of dishes that are different from the restaurants back home - e.g. sticky rice balls and squid in curry sauce - both very good.  However, the service (almost slow) and variety of different selections were average.  Nevertheless, we felt comfortable eating there - plenty of people coming in - this was  around noontime on a weekday!One thing bout this place, before you get to even sit down, the little dim-sum carts are at your table, move fast, service is quick, but I think the variety of things on their menu really don't ever change, so unless you ARE a die-hard dim sum person, not a place you can frequent every weekend, it can get boring..since their menu always stays the same, nothing like weekend special , new special item for dim sum..nope nothing.But the crowds move, holidays you can wait up to 45-1 hr..for bigger parties.Just had their dim sum this weekend.  There are alot of components which makes this place the best in Philly for Dim Sum.   Again, let's do the good and the ek.. I've had better. 
Chicken Feet:  Very nice flavor.  Deep Fried just enough to make it the perfect texture.  Just enough Hoisin to make a very good sauce.  Wish it had less red coloring.  You know you put too much coloring when the chicken bone is red too...) 
Chiu Chow Fun Gor:  Very nice mix of pork, water chestnut, dried shrimp in a nicely wrapped rice paper.  Great flavor. 
Steam Chicken and Cha Siu Buns:  Perfectly steamed and very soft. Bun had just enough sweetness to compliment the chicken and BBQ pork flavor!  
Ha Gow (Steamed Shrimp Dumpling): Wrapped very nice and I tasted hints of bamboo shoot and water chestnuts.  Perfect filling along with Shrimp.
Siu Mai:  Put too much dried mushrooms.  As a matter of fact, why so traditional?  Just pork, pork fat, shrimp and binding agent like egg white and cornstarch.  That's all someone needs.  
They have other items that we see in NY's chinatown and Hong Kong.  Overrall, a nice gem off of Race Street!3.5 stars for sure! I was in town for work and met up with a friend who said this was her 2nd favorite, middle of the week, Dim Sum spot. I was just happy that there were places to get Dim Sum, during lunch...ON A WEEK DAY!!! Carts and all! We got there as they started lunch service so it took some time for the good stuff to come out, but sweet pork buns were on point! All of their flat noodle-wrapped meats (seafood, mixed meat) were a good size, great flavor and that slipper sheen of sauce and oil that you are looking for! They didn't excel in their fried shrimp or 'spring rolls' but the sticky rice in banana leaf was very nice! Tea was refilled free and fast, the restaurant quickly filled with local Chinese merchants and students on lunch break (another sign it's good) and the best part....the bill....cheap....as it should be!! I'm once again reminded of why nouveau Chinese Dim Sum places fail.....it should be cheap, we aren't getting served salmon or Kobe beef! Noodles and rice are cheap in bulk, sauteed Chinese broccoli should be crisp, bright and CHEAP! Buns and rolls should be sizable and flavorful and basic! This place is A-OK, and a great destination for those in City-Center Philly for work or play on a weekday!nice environment, okay foodI've had dim sum here several times over the years usually on weekend afternoons when the dim sum carts circulate freely with delicious hot fresh food.
For dim sum I highly recommend this clean place with uniformly good service.
A few days ago I visited and the carts were parked somewhere out back.  
I ordered eggplant and scallops in some spicy concoction the waiter warned me was very spicy.
Guess I get no cred for being able to read the menu and note that the dish was in red for some reason.
Commie food I guess
Well the dish came along with an order of delicious shrimp dumplings.  
The eggplant and scallops were in a gloppy and basically tasteless sauce, the scallops were generous in number but didn't taste very fresh.
Without question the dim sum here is quite good, however from my single non dim sum experience give the place a wide berth when the carts are parked.
For folks mobility impaired be warned there are 8 or 10 broad steps from the street to the dining room.
The bathrooms?  Down those steps then some more to the basement.  Not wheelchair accessible or good for mobility impaired folks.
They take cards and Apple Pay.Beware of this restaurant:
We went in as a party of 7 with empty stomachs and high hopes as the front door's "Zagat rated" signs assured me that the food was going to be excellent. The food itself, however, turned out to be average at best. Coming from an authentic Chinese family, and having been to many restaurants in China, the mediocre-level food did not fully satisfy my tastebuds, nor did it fill up my stomach. 
Being a Dim Sum-style restaurant, the food is all prepared and laid on carts. The waiters then push the carts around to different tables and you get to chose what dishes you want. The pro of this is that you can begin eating immediately, as the food is already prepared for you. However, some dishes were only warm, or slightly cold, which probably meant that the food has been on the cart for a while. This inevitably leads to a sub-par food experience, because hey, who wants to eat something that has been rolling around in a cart for 30 minutes? All in all, there were a few tasty dishes, but when looking at the meal overall, I give the quality of the food 3 stars.
Now, moving onto why this restaurant got the rating it did in my view. Fundamentally, the goal of any restaurant should be to satisfy their customers, and therefore, customer service should be one of their top priorities. This is precisely the quality that this restaurant lacks. After we all finished our meals, we calculated our own bill before handing it over to the front desk and having them give us the bill. When we got our bill back, their calculation was around $15 MORE than what we calculated ourselves. Although this could have been an error on our part, that much of a difference for a ~$60 bill should not occur. We went up and told them about the discrepancy, and we ended up getting a measly $2 off our bill. Disappointedly, we left a small tip and proceeded to leave the table. As the servers began to clean the table, they noticed that we gave a below average tip and began to stop us from leaving. For obvious reasons, we left a small tip due to the fact that they had poor service overall and how they overcharged us for the food. The fact that we left them a tip at all should have exemplified our courtesy. However, they continued to argue with us, almost shouting, that we did not leave a big enough tip. Although the other people eating began to look up at the commotion, they had no shame and continued to insist how "we can't do this to them". At one point, they even asked US to clean the table for them. May I ask, is this the kind of service that you want as a customer going into your restaurant? Out of all the restaurants in Chinatown, we chose YOURS to come to, and this is the kind of service that we get? Tip is something that is optional, and not required by law. However, they acted in a manner as if we didn't pay the bill at all. We paid the bill in its entirety and the only thing that was off was the tip. Eventually, we had to force ourselves out of the restaurant, walking out in shame as they continued to yell at us. This was by far the worst experience I've had in a restaurant in my entire life. I know that I will personally not be coming nor recommending this restaurant to anyone in the future. Thanks a lot for reading this review, and I hope you have a nice day! :)Great dim sum! Definitely a classic destination in Philly's Chinatown. If you can, be sure to take someone well versed in this style of chinese cuisine, because there is quite an array of dishes to be had. There's normally a wait at typical peak hours, but the staff is efficient (you can tell they've been serving customers for decades) so hang in there.  
The only drawback I can truthfully share is that there is some luck involved as far as what dishes come out fresh from the kitchen - some days they might not have certain ingredients, etc.Fantastic place for Dim Sum...best I've had in the city so far. Personally, I think it's better than Joy Tsin Lau, which is right across the street. 
The dumplings (especially the ones of the shrimp variety) are fantastic. I've been here on four or five different occasions and try something new every time or see something I hadn't seen before....it's great. Try the squid...you won't be disappointed. 
Cheap as well if you go for dim sum. I've never been here for dinner.
UPDATE - Just go on the weekend. I went on a weekday and they only had one cart going around with dim sum dishes that had been sitting there for a while. You'll wait for a table on the weekend, but you're assured of getting fresh dishes right out of the kitchen.There are a few places for dim sum in Chinatown but this the only place that is good.  There is always a line to get a seat especially during the weekends.  The wait time for the weekend can be up to 20mins.  
The rice noodle wrapped in shrimp is my favorite.  Har gows are good too!  There are a few items on their menu that I do not eat.  The radish/turnip cake is one item I dont like.  Im a little bias on that because it doesnt compare to my grandmothers'!  LOL!  
Also when im down there I order the seafood pan fried noodles.  The noodles have fake crab meat but I really dont care about that.  Noodles taste great with the seafood and veggies and just enough sauce on it.  Its not overly sauced, for that makes the noodles really soggy!
The service can be better, they try their best at refilling your water or tea.  Alot of the times you just have to grab someone and tell them to give you a refill!  They can seem rude at times, but i give them the benefit of the doubt because they are being bombarded by every single customer with requests.  
Enjoy the eatings here!  Try something new like the chicken feet!  If I can get my best friend to do it, you should try it lol!!!
Happy Eatings!!WOW, normally, I like but do not LOVE dim sum. But I loved the dim sum here. Everything was delicious. The seafood was really fresh, you could tell when you bit into it, and all the dishes were nice and hot. The dumpling skins even tasted good. And everything that was fried was nice and crispy (not soggy) on the outside. 
I went on a Saturday and arrived at noon. Had to wait about 15 minutes, but that was nothing because at about 12:30 the wait was over 30 minutes! Oh well, whaddyagonnado?
I would totally come here again because the dim sum was pretty great.Super authentic dimsum! Too bad they don't have fried mantou bread :( Good thing Philly is only two-hour away from NYC! Cheap too :DSecond time having Dim Sum. Great place, I was fortunate to have a Chinese friend recommend some great stuff on the passing trays. Looking forward to next time. Lots of families.I don't understand many of the negative reviews as I personally have never had a problem with the service, and I'm a bit of a regular (every 1-2 months for the last 9 years). That said, my wife is Cantonese so she can communicate easily with the staff and I think miscommunication along with how busy it can get is probably where much of the bad reviews regarding service are derived from. For starters,  I don't come here past 11-1130am, it's just too crowded at that point. I try to show up between 10-1030. It's half full, and pretty easy to get food, only knock coming a little early is there are some menu items I end up having to wait for. it's a compromise I can live with. 
As for the food, I enjoy it very much. Is NY better? yes. Is Guangzhou better? Hell yes. but for Philadelphia, Ocean Harbor is a good dim sum experience. (Joy Tsin Lau didn't appeal to me as much). Siu Mai, Fung Zao(chicken feet), beef tendons, beef ribs, rice soup, rice noodles, steamed buns, fried radish cake, etc.. are all favorites and they are pretty consistent in delivering good flavor.
The decor is old school, and while it may not seem like a sanitary place (bathrooms can be scary for the uninitiated) in 9 years I've never had a food related illness from this place, so take that for what's it worth. (i cannot say the same for most american chain restaurants).  I trust it more than the local Outback or Applebees. That pretty much goes for most places i've eaten in Chinatown.So when you're having a nice day out with your family to enjoy some dim sum, we decided to eat at Ocean Harbor. As we went in, we sat down and ordered some food, but when we asked for water in Chinese , we were ignored and they looked at us in distain. Eventually we got our water and we ate, but the food there really wasn't that good. So when we were about to walk out after paying $3 tip because my sister ran out of change, a waiter came to us and asked for $2 more. So we paid him a total of $5 which in my opinion is good enough for a place like that, but when I was about to leave, he came to us again with that disdainful look and asked for $3 more. He told us it was a 15% tip out of our meal which was $50. This is the first time I've seen someone ask the customer for more tips and I'm astonished, I wonder how could his face to be this thick? From 1-10, 1 being horrible and 10 being outstanding, I would give most a 2. This is just ripping you off! The food wasn't even good, service was bad so why 15%? We would never know because they don't even give you the recipe. Did they say that you have to pay this amount of tip anywhere? No, this will be our family's last time ever something to this place ever again, I hope you take my advice to not go unless you want to pay more than you need to. Can't believe now waiters could ask for tips, some screwed up thing there.Our party of six ate at Ocean Harbor Restaurant on a Sunday evening and found the food to be, in general, good but not great. The best dish was the Peking duck which was excellent and gets the highest marks. The worst was the vegetable spring rolls, which were very dry, very overcooked, and not tasty at all. 
Better than average were the scallops with garlic sauce, the braised scallops, and the lemon chicken. Just average were the shrimp were cashews, shrimp dumplings, and shrimp with walnuts and cream sauce. The dining area was one big room with a few TV screens and little atmosphere.This review is purely for the dim sum, as that's what I've had here.
This is probably the best place in Philly to get some dim sum. The prices are reasonable and the food is always hot and fresh! I would try to get here early on the weekends as it'll be packed, but if you come during the week days it's not nearly as bad.
Seriously, the dim sum here is amazing. I've been to some many dim sum places and outside of NYC or San Fran, this is the best place to come to! Everything you get it is always fresh out off the cart or the kitchen, so you don't have to worry about cold food! They carry the standard dim sum items plus a few extra that I usually don't see outside of big China Towns. I typically come here on Wednesdays with my relative as part of Yum Cha  (drink tea) where we order tons of items from the carts and occasionally a dish or two from the kitchen. The service can definitely vary at times, depending on when the cart comes around, but it's usually never more than 5 to 10 minutes.
Long story short, best dim sum in Philly for a great price!My favorite spoke for dim sum., they have the tastiest chicken feet around..the tripe is delicious. One thing I hate is the wait but I think is worth it.This place is awesome for dim sum. I think my favorite would be the mushroom one wrapped in tofu. It's thin and when you bite into it, it's so juicy and filling. Awesome. 4 stars for the food and the service was ok but not the best. Overall a great time and place. Not too bad price wise either and I 'm in college.Hot grease and bit**y waitresses (surprisingly, this is NOT a winning combination)
----
Let's get right to the point.  I've been on the fence about this place for a LONG time (ever since I used to live around the corner four years ago), but this last weekend completely ruined it for me.
They are what comes to mind when you hear the phrase, "You've tried the rest...now try me!"
First, the restaurant.  This place is ridiculously filthy...even by Chinatown standards.  I seriously wonder when the last time they cleaned with more than just a dirty dishrag.
Next, the food. The dim sum is swimming in grease, and they thought it was OK to put SURIMI in the seafood pan fried noodle.  Give me a break, people - they pull this cheap stunt at $1 Chinese takeout joints!  Sadly, the only reason they continue to exist is that they have no real competition in the neighborhood. 
Finally, the bit** of a waitress.  We tipped according to lack of service. This winner raced over to our table to COUNT the tip, and had the nerve to chase us down for extra tip, even though she did NOTHING in the way of service (no hot sauce, no refills of the tea, slow clearance of plates, etc).  This apparently is the culture of the place, as it happened to another person I know - AND apparently happened in front of my GF with two earlier customers that day! (I'm not alone - check out Chris S's review, Mindy C's, review, Clara W's review, etc etc).
If I wanted to eat grease and be heckled, I would've gone to a local dive bar (but that would only give dive bars a bad name).  
I will NOT be back.  
Final grade: FOur favorite dim sum place in Philly.  I always recommend it to people coming to town.  Always.I came here for the first time in a long time and it was decent for dim sum. I was thoroughly disappointed though at how limited their options were though. They had a total of only 3 carts of food rolling around and sometimes it took such a long while before a cart came by our table. They had the standard shrimp dumplings and shumai though. Aside from that, they did have egg tarts, which I love eating at dim sum. We also had to order the shrimp and meat rolls (not quite sure what these are called in English) separately so that was also disappointing since these are also pretty much dim sum essentials. Pretty sure the shrimp one didn't even come...  But overall, they have the very basics and really nothing much more. I wouldn't mind coming here once in a while but I would probably prefer to find some other better dim sum place.Delicious dim sum!!! One of my favorite meals that I don't get out to eat enough of! All of the classics are so good and freshly prepared and served in traditional piping hot bamboo steam pots! I love everything! Staff could be better but place is super authentic and not at all Americanized so u can't expect American service. Food is so good it lets me over look the lack of polite attentive service.This was my second time out to Philly. The first time, it was an overnight trip from DC and all I got to eat was food from the Reading Terminal Market. So upon landing in Philly and getting settled in, what's the first thing any self-respecting Asian person does? Look for the Chinatown and go eat some Dim Sum of course! The Philly Chinatown is relatively small (compared to say San Francisco or New York). You could almost walk past this place and not notice it. 
This place had your standard dim sum fare on carts going by. There didn't seem to be any special plates or anything that stood out, but of course I was jet lagged out of my mind so I might have missed something. We had the ubiquitous Har Gau and Siu Mai combo. The Har Gau was a little dry, but the Siu Mai was good a I recall, there was something extra in it, but I don't remember what it was. We also had the Chicken Feet in Black Bean Sauce (or as I like to call them, Phoenix Claw!).This grossed out our New Zealand dining companion a little, but she seemed to take it in stride, despite politely declining a taste. Hey lady, your loss. We also had the Shrimp Wrapped in Rice Noodle with Soy Sauce. I really liked the way the rice noodle here tasted, but there was too much of it and not enough shrimp. The rice noodle to shrimp ratio on this dish should be no greater than 1:1, and in this case, it wasn't. The tripe was good, not too greasy like most other places, but the pork spare ribs were thin on pork and thick on bone AND they were greasy. I can't remember much else of the food, and to me that's a microcosm of this restaurant. Not bad, not good, just there.
One thing I did find funny though, they had decorations up for a wedding banquet (or left over from a previous banquet). Wherever you are Vicky and Joel, Mazeltov! and best wishes on your new life together.I personally don't see how Joy Tsin Lau trumps this place in terms of food quality. However, in terms of decor, Ocean Harbor is definitely better. It's very bright and reasonably clean, and that alone means a lot in Chinatown. JTL is right opposite on the street, and you can usually see more people waiting outside OH but not JTL. My decision process is when there is a lot of people outside OH, I head over to JTL.
I recommend going only during the weekends when there are a lot of other customers to move the food off the carts. That way you get freshly steamed goodies.I've been here for dim sum and for a banquet style Chinese New Year gala.  The dim sum is quite average (3 stars) - greasy, tasty, and you leave with a food coma. Typical dim sum morning.  The shu mai and hagao were nice and hot, but my favorite thing here is the daikon cake/lao buo gao. Yum yum!!! it is perfectly soft on the inside and nicely pan fried on the outside. 
The banquet feast here is worth 5 stars (hence the average 4 stars). I came with a Bar Association for Chinese New Year feast and I left incredibly satisfied.  It was my best Chinese meal in Philadelphia.  From the ribs to the fish to the fried rice, everything was very flavorful and delicious. I wouldn't say its the most authentic place I've been to (because its not) but for Philadelphia Chinatown, this place is great to host a (Chinese food) party.This is a frequent stop in China town for me and my family.  Roughly every 3 months we visit have a nice family brunch.  The long lines that sometime form are a testament to the quality of food and service this place provides.  Just like the Dim sum that everyone knows and lives, waiters and waitresses come out with carts with little tins that have amazing bits of food in them.  We usually go for the shrimp balls once we see them coming!  Love the pork and shrimp shumai, sticky rice wrapped in banana leaf, and the calamari.  All of the food come out hot and ready for you to devour.  There something for everyone, vegetarian options are available!  It truly is a fast paced restaurant and lines never seem to last long.  It may be weird but definitely try the chicken feet! have fun, come early, come hungry!Meh.  Only ok.  It's a fairly standard dim sum place--food was nothing stellar.  We got a large variety of food, and everything was just so-so--not great, but not terrible.  Service was rude, but that's pretty typical of most dim sum places, where there are constantly carts whizzing around.
Normally, this would constitute a 3 in my book--but I spent most of my time fretting about the cleanliness of the place.  We drove up to Philly that morning (from DC), and so my first stop was to the restrooms...which are on a separate floor (near the entrance), and the cleanliness was a little...suspect.  Further, when the waiters and waitresses were clearing the plates and stuff of nearby tables, they didn't seem to do a very thorough job wiping everything down.  My plate and cup were old, chipped, and scratched, and I had a stray grain of rice stuck to the back of my plate.  A couple flies hanging out near the giant container of presumably "clean" chopsticks were the final straw.
I didn't get sick, though...so maybe it's not as bad as I perceived it to be.After living in California for four years I can truthfully say I know good dim sum. This place is good but a little on the greasy side. The fillings could be a bit better as well. Other than that it's pretty spot on. For me, I'd rather go across the street to Joy Tsin Lau. Even with all the touristy decor.This place used to be my go to dim sum in chinatown, PA. Unfortunately, the quality and service has gone down hill so much, I can't believe it. After the last few horrible experiences, I have decided it's not worth going anymore. 
Food: 
One of my favorites is the shrimp noodle (xia chang). Shrimp wrapped in a large noodle. comes with 3 noodles. The last 2 times I went, there was half of a very small shrimp on the entire large strip of noodle. (The normal is at least 2 whole shrimp). I brought it to the attention of the waiter. He came over, pointed to the half small shrimp, and said "right there". and literally briskly walked away. Now if this happened once, ok I'll let it go. But repeated behavior on separate trips is inexcusable, the quality on other dishes have also suffered. 
Service:
The waiters in chinatown never had the best manners but the last few times, what I experienced was totally rude. We were asking for more tea and tried to flag down a waiter several times. In 2 instances, he clearly saw us and completely ignored us, and didn't make any acknowledgement we were trying to get his attention.
The cart staff are also very rude. They will also ignore you unless you happen to be on their "path". And they also serve customers differently. If you are not asian, they will usually just give you the top platter. This is poor service as they should give you the one below as it is more fresh.Worst service ever! Food was not fresh and tasted bad!Celebrating my niece's graduation from Wharton, we had a feast - a festival of dishes. From jelly fish, to lobster to tofu with golden mushrooms, shrimp and walnut, salty fish fried rice, roast chicken, scungilli and scallop platter, to pan fried crispy flounder and peking duck! - it was a gourmet delight! Just as good as back home NY Ctown. If you're in the mood, go and enjoy!Ocean Harbor has a storied history in Philadelphia's Chinatown.  It is clearly the most popular place for dim sum on Sunday, but I think reputation begets reputation-- not quality.  While there were some very tasty dishes, it was typical dim sum fare. 
First, you will note how incredibly large Ocean Harbor is (maybe 200-300 seats) and how there are always 40 people waiting to be seated for dim sum.  Call this a drawback if you want, but it's just a testament to people's respect for this place.  However, be prepared to wait 20-30 minutes for a seat on a very busy day. 
Because it's so busy, if you're a small party, on the outside edges of the dining floor, chances are you're going to wait awhile for your food to come out. The servers even have a hard time getting through the dining area because there is so much demand. But, you'll be happy when you get it.  The food is executed fairly well all things considered. The chicken feet are infinitely popular (and good), and there are so many treats it will make your head spin if you don't know what you want.  You can also order a number of teas (I recommend the chrysanthemum variety).
During my visit, we were seated at a table on the outside edge closest to the door.  Though we had waited for nearly 30 minutes, we had to wait another 20 before a server with the food we wanted came to our table. Beyond that, the crowds waiting to be seated were not well maintained.  People were literally standing over me and nearly resting on our tables and chairs while we ate-- not a preferred dining situation. 
In the end, we had plenty of food and it was fairly affordable-- only $10 per person after tax and tip.  That's pretty good considering we shared five different dishes. They take credit and cash which is always welcomed.  
Now, I would give this four stars or more, but because of the long wait from arrival to food on the table, the typical quality/selection of food, and the fact that people were physically at our table while we ate, I have to go three stars.  I've been here before and it wasn't this rough a go for me, but I'm sure I'll be back to have another try.I had a dim sum craving and was generally distrusting of Dim Sum Garden's interior, despite having read great reviews. I had been to Ocean Harbor once a few years back and remembered a good experience, so I decided to come here instead.
The dim sum was decent. The service from our actual server was not very good - it took forever to get water and soda. The carts could have come around more often, but then again, it was pretty busy. 
I'll probably try Joy Tsin Lau after this.This is a really popular brunch place, so if you get here after 11, you're most likely going to have to wait a while.
The service is so-so, based on Chinese restaurant standard. (You just need to ask the servers what you need. This is your time to speak up!) The food was also just mediocre--I found them a little too greasy for good Chinese food standard--good Chinese food isn't supposed to be extremely greasy! They do have a very good variety of choices, which is a plus. 
I can't say I'm impressed with the food, but there aren't that many dim sum places around the Philadelphia area, and so if I am craving for dim sum, I will still go back. I wouldn't necessarily recommend it to people who are visiting Philadelphia and want legitimate dim sum... but if you're craving for dim sum and you're in Philadelphia, this place would do.The line to get in for Sunday lunch goes ridiculously quickly. The food was very tasty, with a huge variety . The service was... abrupt. That being said, we'll definitely go back. Can't wait to try more off the carts.I'm from Vancouver, which is known for its hordes of immigrant Asians post-Hong Kong takeover, and thus awesome dim sum. When I first moved here for work, my wife and I needed our weekend dim sum fix. We've been coming here every other weekend with friends for almost a year now. The dim sum is nothing to write home about, but it's probably the best I can get in Philly.
All I have are three comments:
1. These guys do the old school cart pushing thing. As a result, the food is sometimes cold.
2. Come at 10:30 am. It's late enough that you aren't all messed up from staying up on Friday night, but early enough that you'll be able to get a seat without waiting. 11 am is too late. Trust me.
3. Where the fuck is the hot sauce? Am I going crazy? Dim sum places should have hot sauce - and I'm not talking about that hot chili oil shit in the middle of the table. You'll see when you get there.I think this place has the best dim sum in Philly Chinatown. Not the best dim sum I've had in my life but its good enough to keep me coming back at least once a month. During peak time 11am-1pm there is a big selection of fresh out of the kitchen dishes, the trade off is you have to wait in a pretty long line to first get seated.
However, the regular dishes are just average, nothing special. Came here for dinner with my family once and ordered the lobster special, I remember it being very bland and disappointing, especially since its supposed to be a chinese seafood restaurantAmazing place!!! Best dim sum in the city! AUTHENTIC!!!! The shu mai was so delicious.Ew.  seriously, ew.  Call me crazy but I usually enjoy my shrimp de-pooped before putting in my mouth.  And while the complimentary hot tea is charming, on a 95 degree day, I do not think asking for water deserves a loud sigh and then a yell from your "waitress."  This place was a biggg mistake.Controlled chaos best described the scene here on 4th of July(and on the weekends I imagine). On my Australian friend's last day in Philly I wanted to treat them to my mate's fave; Yum Cha(dim sum). This place was suggested by a nice Asian(Chinese actually) guy we met @ Philly Beer Week. He knew good beer, so we reckoned he knew good dim sum as well. He 
was right! There were only a handful of non-Asians dining; with many large groups. No one seemed to be in a hurry to leave. The huge room gets a bit noisy.
Supposed to meet @ 11; they arrived @ 10:30 or so & snagged a table after a brief wait. By the time I got there @11:05 the place was packed! w/a line down the stairs. Our table was in the middle, very near the kitchen. Excellent spot! Carts came by every 5-10 minutes. Also servers were constantly bringing out specials on hand held trays(clams,jellyfish,fried rice,etc.) that weren't on the carts. Wasn't really a language barrier. If you point or ask they were able to tell you what the dish was. Small plates and dumplings come 3-4 per order.
All the food we tried was great! The dumplings, especially the shark fin excelled. Steamed fish balls & little pork pieces(on bone in a black bean sauce) were also delicious, as were the spring rolls. A special fried pepper stuffed w/shrimp dish was very nice. Also enjoyed a chow fun noodle dish that had some kind of ground meat inside.
Service, if you can call it that was fine, if a bit rude. My friend asked for a Sprite and was told they didn't have any. She said she saw some. After he copped a bit of an attitude she got a Coke. When she went out for a smoke someone came over and took her chair w/o asking. Luckily there was one next to her. Never got water; pot of tea was there when I arrived.They do have beer & alcohol.
They tally up your bill as you make your choices. Small plates are $2.75 I think, and larger the ones & specials are around $5-6. For about $15-20 pp you can feast. When you bring your bill up to the counter you will be asked to choose an 18, 20 or 25% tip before you pay. I just hope that this is being passed on to the nice ladies who push the carts & the bussers.The quest for semi-decent, authentic dim sum in Philadelphia continues.
We stopped by for Sunday dim sum and were heartened by the long wait. After a half-hour wait, we were finally seated at a shared table with an American couple. From ordering water to trying to order clams (and ending up with three different plates of fried seafoods that were all not clams) to asking for a takeout box, the entire meal would have been a huge struggle for them if we had not been there to help them out. A couple of their waitstaff clearly understood English (we spoke a mix of Canto and English and they understood us just fine) but chose to act extremely rude and pretend not to understand them. They also told the guy that the black vinegar at the table was soy sauce, which would have literally ruined his food if we had not jumped in. Just...why would you do that to a paying customer? 
Onto the food - very hit or miss. The dan tats were quite good, as was the shumai. The lo bak go used way, way too much rice flour thus was overly gooey with only trace amounts of turnip flavor. The beef cheung fun was one of the best we've had in Philly - the fung gow, with its almost comically thick skin, was one of the worst we've eaten...ever. The char siu baos tasted really strange - I think they used too much yeast - and there was almost no filling. We also noticed that there were only four carts in circulation...and two of them had all the same stuff. The selection was surprisingly limited for such a large dining space. Servers also would just walk rapidly by the tables without announcing what they had - this one lady might have been wheeling around tofu fa, but it might also have been jook...we'll never know because she never stopped at our table. We also had to grab our own takeout boxes after trying for 10 minutes to get someone's attention.
So after an hour of watching our table mates be tortured by the Chinese waitstaff and struggling ourselves to order the dishes we wanted, we took our check up to the front to pay. After swiping the credit card, the cashier said we had two options: Option A: 23% tip or Option B: 25% tip. I have never seen tip options that high at any restaurant I've ever been to, and the meal in no way even deserved a 20% tip. So we had to put up a final fight to completely remove the tip from the bill, then pay the amount we thought was appropriate with cash. (By the way, it's not legal for a restaurant to force a mandatory "tip" on the customer. You can only place a mandatory service charge on the bill, which then must be reported in full to the IRS.)
If you come here, prepare to be ripped off (learn how to say it in Chinese: 上当受骗, because you're going to need to be able to yell it at them) for average to poor-quality dim sum.The food here is very standard...not great...not terrible.  However, the service is AWFUL! 
I came here with a group of about 6 people.  The restaurant was less than half full, yet they took literally 40 minutes to come take our order.  There were two tables seated after us and they both were taken care of before anyone came to help us.  We had even waved down several waiters and waitresses who all nodded at us, but then never came.  Once someone finally came to take our orders, we informed them that we had been waiting and they simply said they were busy and didn't even apologize for the wait.  
Basically, it took about an hour for us to get our food and when we decided that they didn't deserve much of a tip, they chased after us and demanded that we tip and still didn't apologize for the lack of service.  
There are a lot of MUCH BETTER restaurants in this area...I'd recommend going to any of those over this one.I'm doing it. This place gets 5 stars. I love it because it is totally reliable. Always good. Always. 200 people standing in line outside? No problem, it's still good. Hordes of screaming children? Not a problem -- they are barely audible over the happy din of smiling diners. And you can get beer here pretty much anytime. Nothing better than beer with brunch. Be sure to read my other review, which goes into the absence of many typical niceties. But if you can manage it, overlook those small shortcomings and enjoy some pork buns and tea leaf rice.One of my favorite spots for dim sum. They have delicious dishes. It is worth the wait. Staff can be more friendly, but this IS chinatown.Came here Sunday morning with my family!! 
The service was better than the weekday!! The servers are more happy and meals come very fast! 
I would recommend everyone to come here on the weekends with family members. 
The atmosphere feels great on a weekend!I arrived at around 1pm today. There's only three carts of dimsum left and there's nothing good to eat. The food did not taste good. The portions are small. I will not recommend to my family or friend.One of the worst Chinese restaurant I ever ate at.  First, we waited 25 minutes with only 3 parties before us. The host was as cold as a dead fish.  Never smiled.  He sat us against a wall.  That was fine.  They asked if we wanted tea?  What Chinese restaurant asked you if you want tea?  Then we waited 10 minutes before a cart came around.  It did not have anything good on it.  Jose got the fried chicken feet and RAW beef tenders.  The chicken feet, which I tried was fried skin on bone.  They will sell anything for a buck. The raw meat was edible.  Jose liked the chicken feet and ate them all.  Then we waited another 15 minutes before another cart came over.  We got eggplant, which was cold so she went back to the kitchen to heat it up. While waiting, we got the rice noodle, which was good and the scallion balls.  There was more dough than filling in the scallion balls. When the eggplant was brought out, it was too hot to eat.  However, it was good.  When we got to the register to pay,  on the credit card slip, it gave you an option for a tip.  At the top,  it said 18%, 20& or 25%. How do you like that?  I would have left $1.00 and told her about the bad service.  It was the worst and would never go there again! !!!I was warned before arriving here that we would have a long wait ahead, but surprisingly, we walked in and straight to a table! And no, we didn't have reservations (are they even accepted?). 
Food came around quickly, and it was hella good. We had a whole table full of food before anyone actually started eating, lots of plates that were collected in the span of 3-5 minutes. Service was good, food was better, and prices were cheap! It came out to be about $10 per person and I was in food coma heaven on the walk back home. 
Nothing really to complain about! =)Came here on a Saturday at around 10:30 am. It was relatively full, but we were able to get a table for 2 immediately. Before we even got our tea, the lady with one of the carts already started to offer us food. No complaints! 
We ordered quite a bit for two people (char siu bao, beef short ribs, shrimp rice roll, rice roll with fried dough, lotus leaf sticky rice, har gow, shumai, tripe, and tofu skin with stuffing). Although not mindblowing, everything was good; we were stuffed by the end of it and the total came out to be around $32. Not a bad price! 
Overall, I would be back again if there is no wait. They didn't have one of my faves (durian pastry) so that was a bummer!We came here for dinner tonight and had the following:
1.  moo shu vegetable - very greasy although the dish itself was savory and had a good flavor
2.  stuffed eggplant, pepper, and tofu - very good and the tofu was perfectly crispy on the outside and soft on the side
3.  seafood HK-style pan-fried noodle - crispy and savory with plenty of tender calamari, conch, shrimp, and fish cakes on top.  Try this!
4.  braised scallops with vegetables - I loved the sauce but the scallops themselves were not that fresh and tender.
5.  jellyfish platter - Okay but not as good as Joy Tsin Lau's version.  The jellyfish itself was seasoned very blandly.  
6.  crabmeat fried rice with shredded egg - ok but could have used more fillings.  It was mostly rice.
7.  frog and chestnut casserole - This was my favorite dish and I loved the chestnut pieces!  The frog meat was very fresh and juicy.
8.  house special braised meat and vegetables - this was very greasy and on the small side.  Taste-wise, it was decent but didn't stand out.
Service has certainly improved and our waitress was pretty attentive although not very friendly.  I did notice that they delivered the fried rice first, which is the opposite of what they do in most restaurants.  Overall, it is a decent option for dinner, especially if you like big portions and loud, spacious seating.I love Dim sum here. The price is also reasonable. However, the service is just okay. It is not too fast.The food is great but the service and attitude of the waiters is god awful.   Be prepared to do everything yourself and only get one round of ice water (no refills). We go because we love the food but they could use better waiters.  Oh and then when you don't leave a good tip they will scold you and ask why????I'll start with the pros: the food wasn't too bad and fulfilled a hankering I had for dim sum, which is really pretty difficult to fulfill in this city.
However:
This place is really busy from 11-1 and service is DISMAL.  We waited a good 45 minutes for a table and then were seated in the back, where carts barely came by.  The table itself was dirty, and it was impossible to get service for anything - food or water.  Some of the food was cold by the time it got to us.  Having never tried other dim sum in Philadelphia, I can't speak to whether it's the best in this particular town - but it's certainly the worst dim sum experience overall I've ever had in the North American continent.I've been coming here for about 20 years for dim sum. I've tried other places in Philly, but this one is still my favorite. They have a good variety and all the standard dim sum dishes are very good. Their food is consistent which is my biggest complaint about the other dim sum places. Service is quick and friendly for a dim sum place. The restaurant and bathrooms are clean for Chinatown.Hands down worse dim sum I've ever had. I'm Vietnamese and live in California so trust me... I've had a lot of dim sum.
Quail egg sui mai was doughy and undercooked
Chicken feet was skinny and chewy
Tripe was chewy (probably not cooked long enough)
Ham sui gok was really oily and had little meat
Egg tart was stale 
Slow service.
The only thing that was good was the chrysanthemum tea... But how can you mess that up right?
This place is a total fail.One of the go-to spots for authentic Cantonese-style dim sum in the Philadelphia Chinatown, I come here whenever I'm meeting up with friends/family who want dim sum. It's pretty typical for Chinatown: there's sometimes a wait, the decor is so-so, but the dim sum is one of the best in Philly. Dim sum here is done cart-style (not to be confused with "à la carte"): the waitresses will push around steaming carts stacked with different dim sum dishes, and you can pick the ones you want. It feels a bit like shopping, except you don't have to move at all, except to point and say "yes." I'm told this is the way they actually do it in Hong Kong (the carts, that is). They have a reasonably wide variety of selections, from dim sum staples like 燒賣 (shu mai), 蝦餃 (steamed shrimp dumplings), and 芋角 (fried taro dumplings), to Chinese rice porridge (with all the toppings, including 油條 and 皮蛋) and even larger entrée-style dishes like 乾炒牛河 (beef chow fun), which has to be ordered. Most of their stuff is pretty good, and slightly less oily than Imperial Inn, but I'd avoid their 蘿蔔糕 (Chinese turnip cake), which I think is fried in pork fat and will taste not-so-great if it's not fresh off the stove. It's usually pretty packed on Sunday mornings/afternoons, with a sizeable number of local Chinese. Not sure if it has to do with the carts or not.LOOOOVE the mini ribs!! My favorite dim sum item is the bun with egg yolk in the middle and this place can't get it right.  I also like the luo bu gao but they don't serve any sauces with it, which I get at other places.  Other than that, I like everything.  
Service is horrible but it's a chinese restaurant so what do you expect? Come early or else you're going to have quite a wait!! I think they also have more options on the weekends.I just attended a friend's wedding reception there. The atmosphere was festive and the wait staff was attentive. And the food...her menu was mostly seafood. It was FANTASTIC!! They served the all time best lobster I have ever eaten. The squid and calamari was great. The scallops and shrimp were cooked to perfection. Interspersed in the courses was tender bok choi and pickled cabbage and carrots. The meal was balanced with mild jasmine tea. Can't wait to go back!!!Came for dinner and there was 2 parties going on but the place was only half full. Got seated right away but service was really slow. We ordered 4 dishes with rice. The food came out in a timely manner, but the rice, water, and check was beyond slow. Now I come here often for dim sum and for dinner. The food has always been good. We ordered chicken, tasty but lots of fat. Fried pork which was cooked evenly unlike the serveral times I ordered this dish. Fish tofu hot pot is always good. Lastly we got pigeon, crispy but oily. I would prefer duck instead but oh well. We also got complementary soup which was salty and red bean dessert soup. This place still has good food for a decent price except for the very slow service during a half full night we dine.Just went to this restaurant for dim sum a couple of weeks ago based on a review form another provider.  The actual dim sum was pretty good, but it left a lot to be desired to be honest with you.  The more important thing to me is that the service was pretty bad.  My wife and I sat at our table for probably 10 minutes without being served any water or tea.  When our waiter finally walked by and we asked, we didn't get any water and the mere act of bringing the tea seemed to be an inconvenience as well.  At one point, one of the people pushing the carts actually yelled at my wife for asking if they had something on a cart.  Further I would say that we probably only got the opportunity to pick from about 50% of the carts there.  All in all, I was really not that impressed with this place and probably won't go back there again.  I have a sneaking suspicion that I can get better service and quality at another dim sum joint in Chinatown.My usual go to spot for family dinners because their food is pretty good and authentic. The sweet and sour pork along with the fried oysters are two of my favorite dishes from here compared to other places in Chinatown. This restaurant do offer dimsum too during the afternoon but I believe it does get too crazy and crowded sometimes with a limited amount of food selection. On the other hand the food overall is good but the service does vary depending on how busy they get !