I live above this OCF,  and I also lived above Mug Shots when it was here, and I have to say OCF IS WAY BETTER! The sandwiches are phenomenal (fig and brie & the roast beast are my faves) and the is friendly and helpful.  I'm so glad they moved in (and feel bad it's taken me this long to write a review) 
ALSO: make sure to try their specials, they're ALWAYS out of this world!One of my favorite spots to do work. High quality coffee, nice variety of brunch options (served all day) 
The only downside is that the wifi isn't always the greatest and it takes them awhile to make drinks sometimes.Looking up breakfast places for our trip to Philadelphia. Located across the street from Eastern State Penitentiary was a great café.
To be honest it's a little pricier then what is labeled on Yelp. But no matter, I felt it was well worth it.
What did I find here? Inspired brews! Kombucha made right here in Philadelphia, I think that's awesome to see a small operation with such a great presence.
This café had plenty of options. Breakfast was delicious. We opted for French toast with slabs of turkey bacon. Not that overly processed stuff, thus was like hearty turkey bacon!
Cappacino was delightful, the presentation was aesthetically pleasing with the fern design. I know, I sound like a total douche. Cappacino was delicious either way. Don't look at me like that, shut up.
Service was very good. And it's set up as a self-cleaning type operation with the bins for dishes by the trash. The place was clean, and very busy. There's also a section on one side for you to set up with your laptop, that area was packed. It must of had outlets. Also nice because I think this place has WiFi.I'm a big fan of this new addition to Fairmount.  It's super spacious with plenty of seating and it's very well lit with bright walls and a clean, fresh ambiance.  When its nice out, they open the big garage-door style windows for an open layout--very nice touch now that Fairmount can be hard to snag in the warmer weather months.
Their coffee is priced comparable to the other coffee shops in the 'hood... which was a little disappointing.  I was hoping this place would have great prices that would hopefully drive down the cost of a cup-o-Joe in Fairmount.  That being said, they have a big menu with a BYO option for Mimosas and Bloody Mary's.  Me likey.
They have some classic coffee-shop food choices, with some new funky twists (tomato, basil and goat-cheese cornbread?).  Again, I was kind of hoping this place would serve up some more inexpensive options... but I'll take what I can get.Coffee is good - apple cider is completely amazing. I'll give it four stars bc the beverages are good, it's a nice, big open space. The drawback is the food. I've never had a good food experience here. 
It always sounds like what you order is going to be good and then it comes out pretty disappointing. 
Examples: egg sandwich - how can you mess an egg sandwich up? By having way too large of a slab of soggy eggs in a chewy bagel.
Yesterday's beef and potato soup was bland and gave me indigestion all afternoon. 
Will go back for beverages.It's not hard to give a cafe like OCF top ratings when it all comes together like it did on the afternoon we stopped in...  The service from Meredith, the food and the ambiance all clicked.  Meredith was awesome... a combo of personable, professional and attentive. Kudos to her!  The food was great. So much to choose from- coffee, smoothies, wraps, sandwiches, veggie dishes and baked goods. 
OCF is a terrific spot for a casual meal where you can connect to wifi, study or just relax and watch the world go by.Before I run the Kelly Drive loop, OCF Coffee House is the perfect pit stop in Fairmount.  I load up on their generous breakfast plate of egg whites, warm whole grain toast, and rosemary potatoes.  It's a testament to their healthy and clean food preparation that I haven't hurled on Kelly Drive yet.  I also appreciate their early bird morning hours and they serve brunch through the entire day (fist pump).  Eat like a champion, run like a champion.Great food- had some trouble connecting to wifi and the employees were not sure why, but overall a good experienceThis place has far and away become my favorite study spot.  I love that it's spacious and gets so much natural light.  It makes long days of studying seem not so bad.  The staff is super friendly and everyone seems generally happy in there.  The music is always good, and it's never too loud.
The food is excellent.  Perhaps it is a little pricey, but I generally find the portions and quality to be decent enough that it doesn't make the food outrageously priced.  Nothing I have eaten here has been bad, and at this point I am pretty sure I have explored almost the entire menu.
The drinks are good, but I think they are overpriced.  $2.75 for a decent, but not great, cup of coffee is a little extreme.  The iced coffee situation is especially troublesome because they do not give refills on iced coffee.  You have to pay full price if you want another one.  This is kind of insane and frustrating, especially if you're sitting in there all day and studying.  I would say maybe they don't want lingerers, but no one has given me crap about being there for 8 hours at a time, and I generally spend at least $10/visit if I'm there that long, so I don't really understand the problem.
The outlet situation is good, but not great.  There are a lot of people who set up shop in this place, so sometimes getting to a plug can become competitive.  However, I generally find that if I sit down elsewhere, I can move to a spot closer to the wall within 30 minutes.  
Finally, they accept credit cards, which is a major plus in my book.
All in all, this is a great addition to the neighborhood, and by far my favorite study haunt in the area.Wide variety of brunchy food with many GF options. Very good coffee in an open + friendly atmosphere. Reasonable egg sandwich on gluten free bread is $4.50. Anodyne coffee is ok too, espresso is better. Bright froggy green is the signature OCF color so there is that too.I can't say enough about how much I love OCF on Fairmount.  OCF was a godsend to me as I was in my last semester of graduate school taking 2 classes part-time.  They were open til 9 pm even on Sundays, which is so convenient!  They have tons of tables for studying and a decent amount of outlets.
As for the food, wow.  So tasty.  Excellent variety of "real" tea, hot or iced.  Amazing pastries (I love the ginger snaps and sugar cookies).  The roast beef sandwich is AMAZING.  Normally I don't like pre-made food but their chicken salad sandwhich was unbelievable!  And I had some really good pancakes and omelet for brunch.  You're pretty much set here.
It's a nice place for brunch and people watching...I once saw a guy training another guy on how to sell some kind of sports water.  Considering my degree is in water resources engineering, I had a good laugh!
I haven't been back in a bit, but I shall return...I love unpretentious coffee shops!Awesome location, plenty of space (very industrial), and good food and drinks. Only drawback is the chairs. So uncomfortable and way too low for the tables. Makes it difficult to work on your computer, so if you're picky about that, take note.I just spent EIGHT DOLLARS on a breakfast sandwich...turkey bacon, eggs and cheddar on gluten-free bread. It was a soggy and expensive mess. I've eaten here several times now and have always been disappointed, the food is severely overpriced and mediocre at best. If your a hipster or scenster and have no problem overpaying for blah food, this is the place for you.Cute coffee spot on a nippy winter day.  This serves as a typical coffee spot with a wonderful assortment of sweets and light foods.  The location is in a quiet part of town, but due to the State Penn across the street, they'll always have a constant flow of visitors.  We ordered a dirty chai and a matcha chai along with a cinnamon walnut coffee cake.  Drinks was made fresh and hot.  Dirty chai was not the best I've had, but still very enjoyable.  Coffee cake was delicious and not too sweet.  Come enjoy the free wifi and friendly staff in an open concept coffeehouse.A really warm and inviting coffee shop with some excellent food options. 
My GF and I were visiting and stopped in at OCF to grab some breakfast prior to touring Eastern State Pen. Food menu was quite impressive and did have a large selection of vegan options for those interested. Staff was quite friendly and took the time to explain everything as it was our first visit. 
We both had teas, Almond for GF and Peach for myself. One of the better teas I've ever had, GF enjoyed hers as well. Our breakfast consisted of French Toast, Two Your Way egg dish and a side of turkey bacon. Everything was extremely delicious and exceptional value. Portion sizes were quite large. 
Will surely return when back in Philly and in the meantime my search continues for something just as good in Toronto.Great gluten free selection that's tasted great. I had the turkey and the husband had the fig Brie ..both very yummy.Been here a handful of times, but today was probably not the best of all the times.. I'm giving them a 3-star, because the food took SO long. I had finished my latte and a cup of water and kept on waiting for my egg sandwich that I didn't even feel hungry anymore. Nothing spectacular and felt overpriced for what you get..Pretty good coffee,  large, open interior with lots of tables plus reliable wifi make OCF a great study spot (on Fairmount--other locations can get cramped). Not really a fan of their baked goods, but the actual menu is solid if a bit pricey.Excellent choice of foods and teas. Super friendly staff. Hard to get work done here when they're blasting music, but who does work at coffee houses anyway? -_-
Food recommendations? The Power Salad is my favorite. Also a great spot for Brunch.OCF fills a void in the neighborhood; they've taken over MugShots' old space and made it much more approachable. Coffee is fantastic, they also do very well with their espresso drinks. The food is hipster/veggie friendly to good effect. My only complaint is that they do not serve pork bacon and instead offer beef, turkey and tempeh. It's a great work environment - easy to sit down for a few hours and get stuff done.A great location and relaxed atmosphere. The coffee is good and the food is decent but the tables are extremely sticky.
Do yourself a favor and grab a Philadelphia weekly paper and spread it over the table top.As a coffee shop frequenter I feel confident reviewing this as sub par. I have been here 5-6 times and always find it very dirty. The outside tables and bathroom is disgusting and the milk area also unclean. The overall vibe is unfriendly. And they won't give a refill unless it's in a mug (even if I drink the to go cup while sitting there). An au lait is solidly 60-cents or more overpriced. Steamed milk notsmooth done by an amateur. Will try not to retn but not many options in area.Wonderful space for a Fairmount coffee shop; it's huge! I was still surprised to see how busy it was for a Tuesday afternoon, but it seems like there really aren't any coffee shops in the city that have slow days or hours. Even so, there were a good number of tables open though I grabbed the last highly-coveted spot along the wall that allowed for easy plug access. 
I ordered the chicken salad sandwich, a homemade ice tea (I forget the second ingredient but I know it had mint in it) and the Aztec chocolate cookie. The sandwich was phenomenal! I was really blown away. The bread was soft and and chicken salad had a wonderful mix of ingredients. It was delicious. The tea was also good, not too sweet and very refreshing. The Aztec cookie was a surprise. Vegan, super chocolate my, and spicy! I was caught of guard by the kick, but it was just right. 
My only gripe with the place is the chairs. They have got to be the most uncomfortable chairs I have ever sat on in a coffee shop. I came to do some work on the computer, and after two hours I had to go because I was so uncomfortable. They are some kind of light-weight metal and there is no way to relax or feel comfortable at all in them. If it's a tactic for people not to longer to long, then they got that down for sure. 
Basically, if you're going for a big space and great food this is a solid choice. Just don't plan on settling in as your tush and back simply won't allow it!Great place! Atmosphere was very nice and plenty of seating. Had eggs and potatoes with veggies which were well seasoned. Coffee was excellent.  Definitely someplace I'll return to.Love this place!  The made-to-order breakfast sandwiches are spectacular and make sure you try the baked goods made in-house.  Great service too!Gluten free (hipster) heaven. Seriously you can get so many gluten free options here you don't feel left out . It's amaze, gluten free bagels , bread, cakes , coffees and cookies oh boy. I was so shocked. I was able to get a gluten free bagel ( that seemed house made and full size ( unlike the ones at saxbys and green line ) with vegan cream cheese ! Seriously I was in special dietary heaven !!! Seriously , I'd move to this hood to be more accessible to this joint, the boy loved his lox bagel , yes good lox is a double plus ! 
In reality this place has good eats that cater to an array of diets. On the other hand staff seemed stand off-ish and a little rude. Just one guy in particular but still, rude! 
I'll def be back .OCF ... I really, really want to like you.  I do.  And the only thing keeping me in this relationship is your friggin amazing coffee.  Wonderful, consistent Americano's before I teach night class.
And then there's your food.
Several times now (because I wanted to give you the benefit of the doubt),  I've ordered a dinner to go ... from eggs,  to grilled cheese and even soup.
Ugh.   This is where the relationship goes sour.
Tonight:  tomato and cauliflower soup ... bland and plain awful.   Couple that with a grilled cheese on gluten free bread that was so thrown together,  half melted and the crust was hard within 20 min of getting it.  
So ... 3 stars is the best I can do unless you step up the chef game !I've been here several times and have several dishes on the menu. Just like other reviewers have noted, it's a bit pricey especially if you order a beverage + food but the quality is high. 
Dranks
The Nutella Mocha is amazing and an absolute must have for chocolate lovers. The Genmaicha green tea wasn't anything special, and I ended up buying a similar tea at Whole Foods. But I did like the yerba mate, which contains a natural stimulant.
Food
Brunch - The Potato Veggie Hash is the way to go paired with beef bacon. The beef bacon is ridiculously good, and out of this world. I didn't like the Cornflake Crusted French Toast. It was completely soggy inside and had too much cinnamon. Maybe the chef was having a bad day? Who knows.
Sandwiches - Portion-wise the sandwiches are a good size. I usually eat only half a sandwich, but I'm a small person. My favorite sandwich is the Roasted Vegetable. I love pairing the sandwich with the soup of the day. The Tuna Melt was also good and didn't have too much mayo. I would hold off on the spicy mustard if you don't like spicy foods. 
Soup - Soup of the day varies. I like the fact that they have offered vegan soups. My favorite was the vegan chili. 
Studying
As a study spot (especially if you plan to be there for a few hours) it's best to get there in the morning or around dinner time. By the afternoon, it's crowded with several other students/study groups on their laptops. Don't get me wrong, there's still room to sit and outlet plugs available, but you won't be able to get your preferred seating. The chairs are dinky as another reviewer noted and not the most comfortable chair in the world, but I can manage sitting in it for a few hours.went here for a meeting. coffee is good. i didn't have any food, although i heard it was good. the staff was pretty nice although a little awkward with me. it's clean and roomy but nothing spectacular. maybe if i was in the area and needed coffee, sure but not somewhere i'd go out of my way just for fun. also, it's right across from the eastern state penitentiary and there's usually plenty of street parking.A nice casual, hip coffee house, OFC is a great place to stop in to warm up on a cold winter's day, post up to get some writing or studying done, or a good choice to meet up with friends for a chat over coffee/tea.
The atmosphere is very welcoming, the staff very kind and helpful, and the coffee is top notch.  Highly recommended for a place to get some Joe, chill out, and relax.OCF did a great job with the space.  Huge improvement aesthetically over Mugshots, due in large part to freeing up space by using a normal sized cafe kitchen, but also due to the large windows and ample table space.  Also, it helps that there is no attitude from the servers.  In fact, the servers actually seem happy to interact with customers.  Full breakfast menu.  No nasty overpriced fattening vegan crap.  Only drawbacks - prices are still high,with full price coffee refills  like Mugshots, and the Mommagentsia has already discovered the place and so there is baby-stroller gridlock, Please Touch Museum ambient noise, Romper Room child traffic and, totally expected, utter lack of courtesy from young parents who seem to turn every cafe into their indoor amusement center.Great space, tons of tables and decent WiFi, but this place is far from perfect. The service is pretty lousy. When business is slow the servers often aren't near the counter and you have to stand around looking lost until some one notices you. When it's busy the pine backs up really badly and even a coffee can take 15 to 20 minutes. Food is pretty good but overpriced.
Still a good spot for studying.Killer options for Gluten Free folks! 
I happened upon OCF Coffee House after another coffee shop in the area was too packed and didn't have any seating. OCF has TONS of seating. This big, roomy coffee shop will make you come back for more. It's the perfect atmosphere for reading a book, meeting with friends or getting some work done.
I am a little bummed out that they don't serve their lunch sandwiches until after the noon hour, but I understand why they do that. Most of the breakfast and lunch items can be GF which is a huge plus. The staff is really accomodating and super friendly!Love this place and look forward to coming back next time I'm in Philly!! The atmosphere and decor is fresh and cool and I love the number of vegan options on the menu. The vegan pancakes were the absolute highlightGood atmosphere, good tasting coffee, but that's about it. 
Fits into the coffee house subculture well with it's overpriced food and coffee. I once asked for a refill on a large and they said they only do discounted refills on medium, so to compromise filled up the cup 2/3. A meal with a drink is around 10 dollars, and is the size of your fist with a side of chips.
The employees aren't always afraid to let you know they don't like working there either, with a passive aggressive attitude when they bring you food to the table (by only a few, most are fine).
  Also in all honesty whenever I go in there the customers are typically annoying. Lots of babies who can be loud. Not really their fault but it's not drawing me back in either.
Especially since it makes it difficult to do work.
Overall this is place is fine but the quality and service don't match the price. If you are O.K. with that, then by all means this is for you.Went in for my first time today, and I'm so impressed. It's an awesome location with a cool view of Eastern State Penitentiary, all kinds of drink and snack choices, and the food looks fantastic (will be going back to try asap. On warm days they open up almost the entire front wall so it's a huge open-air cafe. All kinds of people doing work/studying. I'm super impressed! It's a little pricey, but a great spot nonetheless.Uh-oh. New favorite quick breakfast stop in Fairmount. Large seating area. A menu more extensive than just bagels and breakfast burritos. Fantastic. I got the eggs your way and split the french toast with my guy and it was great! 
2 small  things that made me roll my eyes. Don't hate me.
1. not a lot of plugs for your computer... The space has got great light so it makes me sad that they didn't make it more computer friendly. On the plus side the music isn't glaringly loud.
2. not a fan of coffee shops being fancy schmancy like having "cold brew coffee"-- that was a genuine eye roll. i also don't think their coffee is as good as some of the other coffee houses around Fairmount. I just like Counter Culture Coffee better.
Positive thing: I saw that they were using Urban Jungle to do their landscaping/window boxes, etc. I like that. I like when local shops use other local businesses. Props to that.
Also the staff is friendly. I've talked to somebody new every time I've been there and they've all been amiable. Way to make me like Philly a little bit more.They carry some mighty fine fresh brewed iced tea.  Also, when feeling evil I have a croissant.  I miss the pumpernickel bagels.   However, the side salad is a good deal - get two one plate.  A lot of interesting people work there and possess local knowledge... in case you need to find places to do something other than drink tea.
One of their cornerstone features is "Sam"  a.k.a. Samantha the friendly giant.   She towers over the other baristas  with her version of "charm" and is either smiling or wiped out from too much HIT training at a gym full of earnest millennials (is there another kind).  It has decent food, great tea, and tables outside for the rare day Philly weather is unpleasant.Great lattes, plenty of wide open room indoors to sit, or study, or just meet friends. 
Lots of outdoor seating, though traffic on Fairmount can be bothersome at peak times. 
Strongly recommended.Love this open space. Windows and good service. Much better and faster than mugshots!!I love the atmosphere, the staff is always so pleasant! this a great place to go with a friend or to enjoy alone.This is a good coffee shop to go to if you are in the area. The staff is very friendly, it is definitely a place to study or chill. 
I can't speak for the food (I've never tried anything other than the pastries) but the coffee is decent, they have some skilled baristas. 
The PB and Jelly bar is soooo good I wish it made a more regular appearance in the pastry case. 
Only two small complaints the get their coffee from Anodyne coffee which is a coffee roaster in Wisconsin???? I don't think the coffee is bad, it  has an interesting unique taste, but it is by far not the best coffee I've tasted and this goes for their regular black coffee and espresso drinks. So why buy from a roaster so far away?   For such a neighborhood centric place why not serve coffee that is from a roastery little more local?  
2nd qualm: The space is SOOOO large it would be nice to have some varied furniture up in there.  Also some comfy furniture!!! They only have these small wooden tables which you can push together and these flimsy uncomfortable metal chairs.The coffee has odd flavors that aren't good.  The pastries are dried up and expensive.  So why even 3 stars?  The cashiers are nice, the wide open air-conditioned space has plenty of seats inside, and there is one treat that is the best sweet thing I've eaten in the whole neighborhood (and I've eaten plenty of them!) : the peanut butter balls.  Chocolate covered fudge-like peanut butter that is kept cold and crisp just waiting for you.  They're not even expensive.  I fantasize about them and you will too if you try them.  My cashier last time remarked that they are 'addictive' which is exactly right.  Gobble, gobble - snarf, snarf!  
If only they were closer to the 'goat,' I could have BOTH: an awesome coffee and a bad ass sweet thing at once.  Alas, I must choose one or the other.I am happy my sister and I stopped in for a coffee.  They have a wide variety, meaning over 5 items that are gluten free of different types of sweets offerings.  They had fresh juices and some small meal options.  My gluten free granola bar was soooo good. I would recommend for a nice treat.Perfect place to work remotely/do school work. There are a lot of tables, so even though it can get busy, you usually have a place to sit. Staff is really welcoming and service is quick.This place is AMAZING!  My wife has celiac and I eat vegan, so going to a place that taste great, has great prices, great food, and caters to both our needs is rare.  But here it is!  The staff was very knowledgeable and extremely kind.  After eating her meal she wanted to stand and give an applause to the chef and restaurant.  Can't stop telling people about our experience here.  Thank you OCF please never change!OMG BEST TASTING MATCHA LATTE WITH OAT MILK I'VE EVER HAD!!!!!!!! ($5.41)...oat milk is 75 cents. It's expensive being dairy-free, damn. I highly recommend this combo tho. Latte art pretty good for a milk alternative. Could be improved (less air bubbles pls!). So delicious though.Super-nice staff, huge, clean space and delicious coffee! I had a heavy cream cappuccino made w/ beans from La Colombe and it was so good, I bought a bag of the coffee to take home. I hope to come back soon!Great addition to the neighborhood! Friendly staff, free wifi and a good playlist. I had the Nutella mocha, which was good but pricey ($4+). Also had the turkey melt which was AWESOME but pricey as well ($8.50+). This is pretty standard pricing for coffee shops in the area though, so I'm still going to give OCF 5 stars. Overall a really nice place...I'll definitely be back!The only time I will give a restaurant five stars is if I'm willing to fight someone who thinks it's anything less than AMAZING. 
I'm a big cafe person. (But not, like, a big person in the shape a cafe or stuck in a cafe. More like I thoroughly enjoy frequenting cafes.) So, I've seen my fair share of cafes/coffee houses worldwide. I stumbled upon OCF one night on my way to a Flyers game. I can't really eat anything anywhere EVER because I have a lot of dietary issues, so everything I get is always super modified and bland, but I was able to order this one veggie sandwich with goat cheese and a brownie, and I think I might have cried a little whilst eating them in the car. I went back a few weeks later and ordered the same sandwich with a smoothie and another pastry, and the same thing happened. It's the food equivalent of playing with a happy, fluffy puppy.
That being said, I love this coffee house.This has been a great study spot for me. Nice and spacious; if it gets too noisy, I simply put my headphones in. 
I went this afternoon and had the Spinach Salad which contained grilled chicken, walnuts, dried cranberry, goat cheese and served with oil and red vinegar. It was pretty good dispite the fact that the chicken was dry. Nonetheless, I have had OFC's Chicken Salad sandwich that I have zero complains about. Coffee is great too. 
Staff is friendly and brings your food to your table with a numbering system. I would definitely recommend whether you want to study or want to eat somepleace after going to tour the Penitentiary.Delicious!!  Fresh food.  Great atmosphere.  Great for projects, studying, coffee with friends...relaxing...Paul, who works behind the counter is awesome. Absolutely awesome. Best thing about this place. Aside from the amazing selection of leaf teas. 
Sadly the rest of the service is really lacking. And the kitchen is all over the place. They served up a wrap that was cooked on one side and literally freezing cold on the other. There was a huge discussion and a lot of passive aggressive behavior over putting it right, instead of just smiling and saying "I'm sorry, we'll fix this". Or just decide - is it a hot dish or a cold dish?
Then they dropped half the wrap on the dirty counter and had a conversation about whether they should put it back on my plate, before deciding it was fine to replate it off the dirty counter. Right in front of me!!! The people on the next table had their order screwed up too. Plain bagel with lettuce, tomato and cheese. Seriously? After waiting for half an hour?
Also, the bathrooms are in a disgusting state - a cess pit of germs.
When OCF gets its food right it's great. But they really really need to get their act together in the kitchen and change the attitude of some of their staff. And do something about their basic hygiene standards. There's so much great competition in our neighborhood and sadly don't think we'll hurry back.I visited OCF  when it first opened and have still found myself coming back to it. I thoroughly enjoy the atmosphere. I also enjoy the fact that it is legit coffee shop that has actual kitchen options instead of just, "small baked goods" or just sandwiches. I would definitely recommend this coffee shop.Awesome rehab. Corrected everything I didn't like about layout of former tenant, Mugshots.
Coffee is better at Rybread, but you can't beat this view. The food is generally excellent, but I've had a few disappointments. Their baked goods are often hit-or-miss. My last meal there was a summer squash sandwich which was very tasty and reasonably priced. I don't go here too often because it gets chaotic on weekends. I'm glad OCF came to Fairmount, but they need to figure out how to handle the saturday crowds a little better.They haz wifi ! They haz lots of tables and electric outlets! Fairmountellingentsia rejoice !
Prices a touch high for sure. Brunch and Sammitch menu quite nice.I went here for my birthday and just found it while walking on fairmont ave. It's right across from the Eastern State Penitentiary and its very cozy and modern (and also clean!!) They have a great selection of different types of food, including gluten free and vegan options! They have special teas and coffee, smoothies, sandwiches, and breakfast! The staff was very nice as well!! I wish I was in Philly more to come here often!!Best coffee place in Fairmount. Friendly staff,  great atmosphere,  delicious food. Also a great study place (except on weekend days when super busy).What a dump. Guy at the counter super unfriendly. Just came to get a coffee. Gave me a 3/4 filled cup and left me standing in front of him while I was looking around for the coffee station to get a lid. Faux hipster vibes with stale watered down coffee.UPGRADE!! Finally, La Colombe. All is right in the world. Great pastries and snacks, good hot meals, super nice staff. Everybody wins.Amazing place!! Definitely beats Starbucks! I had a smoothie and a macaroon dipped in chocolate. First time here and it won't be the lastOCF is delicous, but has no pork bacon on the menu. It has to be said. However I am a fan of their beef bacon.
I have been coming here since it opened pretty frequently and I have very mixed feelings. 
OCF is easily the best coffee shop/cafe in the neighborhood but is often too loud, the food/drink can be expensive, but tasty and the baked goods are always delicious. If your in the fairmount area and looking for somewhere to have a casual lunch, a coffee drink and chat, or study for a bit (during the week), then I say this place is easily the best option and delicious.
 If you want to study, or a quiet place to meet on the weekends it's just too loud, walk into center city and find a better spot there.I love the OCF Coffee House on Fairmount! I love working at cafe's, but it's rare to find one that has a good menu to sustain my stomach during study sessions. It's even rarer to find one that has a number of seating options with outlets available and a good vibe. This place offers all of that. 
The staff are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable. I've often had conversations about their coffee - and it's where I learned that lighter roast coffee has more caffeine than darker roasts. Boy was I making a mistake in ordering dark roast coffee! They bring the food directly to you and often comment how they are "happy to do so" when you give them a thank-you. 
It can be a little pricey, but honestly it's worth it to have a comfortable space to do work. They even have an early bird special if you get there early enough. The food itself is really delicious. I often order the Two Your Way - and they really do it your way! When I say over-easy, their eggs are over-easy, and their bread options are great. I like that I can order even rye bread. When I'm in a sweet mood, their french toast is a great option and their seasonal specials make it a new experience every once in a while. 
Keep up the great work, OCF Coffee House, and thanks for smiling even when I am grumbly and don't want to study.Stopped here after touring Eastern State for the day. We ordered the Nutella mocha which was really really delicious but it barely had a Nutella flavor. Still, the coffee was really good. I also ordered a banana bread which was labeled as their most popular seller. I'll say for being vegan banana bread, it was really good, but it wasn't too comparable to a really good nonvegan banana bread, but it was definitely way better than I expected it to be. Definitely a great place for coffee and will definitely be stopping in there EVERY time we are in the area.WHADDUP BYOB CAFE OPEN LATE! CH-CH!
The coffee: 'mazin'. Get it from some small roaster in the midwest if I recall correctly. Anyway it's the chronic. I had two iced americanos, one just as good as the next.
Got a big ol' selection of teas as well. Bottled bevvies in the cooler.
Food: Got a veggie potato hash for Sunday brunch, topped with two fried eggs (they don't poach eggs here...almost annoying). The rosemary potatoes were killer. Think I paid ten bucks, but was full for a while. No pork bacon here, only have beef and turkey bacon. I had the seitan bacon with my plate, it's made in-house and is a tasty alternative to breakfast meat. Most things are made in house, including baked goods though these are a bit overpriced. They do outsource for their morning pastries, like croissants and tarts. Le Fournier, I think. They look great. Also got a cooler full of sandwiches to go. 
Staff: Supa friendly, from the order-takers to the food-runners. They're all smiling and chatty. One of the ladies was explaining that most the staff begin as buds, which is a business plan worth replicating. Place is busy too, so they're running around and still manage to maintain good 'tudes. Much appreciated. Could also have something to do with the extraordinary
SPACE: Makes sense that OCF Coffee House is associated with the realtors. The space is gorgeous, lookin' like a converted garage whose doors can open on nice days, right onto Eastern State Penitentiary. Lots of natural light, wood floors & tables, exposed brick, high ceilings. Overall great aesthetic. Bright & clean. It is a little on the loud side, and on a Sunday afternoon the place was full-up. Sitting at the table I was a bit too low to do work, but it was great for eating. Bathroom wasn't the cleanest but like I said, place was poppin' so I get it. Perhaps not the best study spot I've encountered, but just as well because it is not anywhere near where I live :). Doesn't stop the loads of laptoppers takin' over the tables. I'd suggest bringing headphones. 
Great change of scenery! Thanks!This place is always crowded but its big enough where ive never had to wait for a table. Its counter service so you pretty much just sit wherever there is a spot available. 
I like the atmosphere although it can get loud if you're looking for a place to studying. 
However i think they are overpriced. Ive accidentally spent 20$ on an iced coffee and breakfast sandwich here. 
Their iced coffee is actually $4+ tax which for me is a ridiculous amount to pay. The sandwich was good but nothing spectacular. I havent tried too many dishes so i cant speak on the avg food quality. 
I did try my friends smoothie and that was pretty tasty!Imagine a huge garage-like space turned into a coffee house. Now just go to OCF Fairmount and you won't have to imagine. Spacious, yes. Airy, yes. Comfortable chairs?  Spacious, uncramped tables? Reasonably priced, delicious food? No, no and no. I get the point is to be open and spacious and you succeeded at that. But could you PLEASE make the chairs a bit more comfortable and have wider tables?  The longer I sit there, the more I'll order. Stop trying to force me to leave!Beautiful space. Compared to Mugshots the floor plan feels much more open. Love the generous sunlight, especially the use of large windows showcasing Eastern State Penitentiary as a beautiful backdrop. Food is very tasty and well-portioned, although prices are a bit steep for eat-in food. I hope the situation with L&I is resolved and they get to keep the big windows.I am sure that this place does well with a steady flow of folks either coming or going to the Eastern State Penitentiary.  It is an inviting meeting spot and has a friendly staff and a nice ambience.  As far as the quality of the food, I was not impressed with what we ordered and found it to be overpriced.Coffee is OK.  The espresso tasted a bit burnt.  Also I ordered a cappuccino and there was zero foam.  espresso and hot milk served in small cup does not a cappuccino make folks...Great place to study. Lots and lots of tables with ample room. Good coffee and a full menu so you can hang out all day long if you want. If you're into Bill Withers, Alicia Keys and more you'll also like their music selection.Nice environment -- open, airy, light -- really nice people, good coffee.
Bad food. Everything is weird: sandwiches that normally have fresh tomato, like a BLT or a bagel and lox with tomato, have quartered hot roasted marinated tomatoes instead. (Think about that on a BLT. Not good.) Instead of oatmeal, they have hot quinoa "cereal." The tempeh "bacon" is an inch thick and spongy. The scrambled eggs for sandwiches come from a liquid poured out of a vat, and then they're cooked and folded over 4 times so you have 4 thin layers of flat egg product. The chocolate chip muffin is just solid yellow cake with a few chocolate chips placed on the top. The pastries (mostly vegan and/or gluten free, FYI) are often stale. Etc., etc. I sit and work here with a friend one morning every week, and at lunchtime we always leave to eat elsewhere. Creativity with food is great... if it's done successfully. (Also, you virtually always have to wipe down your own table before use.)
But again, nice people and good coffee. There are better lunch places nearby.Spacious, open-air, modern coffee shop right across the street from the Eastern State Penitentiary. The quinoa oatmeal with berries and milk is innovative, beautifully presented, but way too sweet and unable to be made with almond milk or any other alternative. 
The homemade bagel chips with hummus were nicely crispy and salted, though I found the hummus too tart and lemony. 
The smoothies are good and fresh but unless you add honey, quite tart. 
I disliked the medium roast drip coffee which I found overly thin and acidic, similar to DC's Vigilante coffee. 
I'd consider coming back but would order differently. The breakfast egg bagel sandwiches looked good, as did a lot of the lunch menu.Got the tofu scramble on a bagel. Pretty good, and at least got the job done.
The woman at the counter was a bit rude though. We didn't realize tofu scramble was also a plate (and not just a sandwich). So there was a misunderstanding after the teller assumed we were talking about the plate and then proceeded to act as if it was our fault there was a misunderstanding (like it wasn't anyone's fault, it was just a misunderstanding--so that was just kind of weird). 
Coffee pretty good, menu pretty good, people-never the friendliest, but usually can leave with no complaints.Especially for studying, I love that this place is spacious and you don't feel crowded. However, unfortunate that the kitchen closes at 6pm - although you still can grab a to-go sandwich.If I lived in Fairmount, I'd probably be here everyday. It's beautiful, airy, and bright. The staff are friendly and helpful. The tables are just the right height. (The chairs are kind of uncomfortable.) The nutella latte blew my mind. (It was kind of expensive.) There's free WiFi. There are loud trucks going by frequently, but it's worth the nice breeze through the huuuuuge windows. There's an air of friendly studiousness and a calendar of cool-sounding community events, and I totally dig it.My favorite place to come and do work. So much beautiful natural light, large space, great food coffee and teas, and most important sriracha. What more do you need??Great spot to after visiting the Philadelphia's Museum Of Art. It's a couple of blocks away.  First time trying out this spot. They have lots of spacious seating and the staff were friendly.  The cappuccino was strong however a bit on the warm side ;But the healthy power salad made up for it! Delicious!Got the salmon sandwich on a cinnamon raisin bagel. It was a little tasteless, but overall not bad. The coffee was decent as well. Came to about $9 for the sandwich and 16 oz. coffee. The outdoor seating is nice, right on Fairmount Ave, directly across from the Eastern State Penitentiary.OCF is a hidden gem, located directly across from the Eastern State Penitentiary! I have been there numerous times and have had not only the best lattes but the best experiences! It's my favorite cafe in the area for sure!! Highly recommend the Nutella MochaThis place and Chapterhouse are probably going to be our go-to's from now on. I don't remember much about the Mugshots that used to be here, but the OCH layout is pretty awesome - lots of tables, space and light from the garage doors! Great place to study/work. On a random side note, their windows are REALLY well-insulated - even when its freezing outside the air inside is nice and warm. 
Pretty good selection of cookies, pastries, and the usual coffee shop treats. Wife really liked the peanut butter cookie and we'll have to try all the other delicious-looking things. Smoothie was a bit underwhelming though (esp for $5)Got a smoothie - tastes like ice? No flavor really... Probably going to try another place in the area next timeI've been working from here quite a bit lately and the staff seems much friendlier - sans one barista that shakes me out for as much $$ as possible for my coffee. When someone comes in all the time, you'd think that he could drop the attitude over me asking for a refill of regular drip coffee in my cup that I paid $6 for a red eye for. 
I truly believe you will turn to stone If you look the scary woman with the white hair in the eyes - so beware of her, too.
Food is pretty great. I will continue to report.First time here.  I'd like to study but they are playing super loud country music in the by the tables and trap music in the back.  And the tea took 3 minutes to brew...but it's not hot.  I'm leaving.Their sandwich w tempeh tastes amazing, and the smoothies as well. Lovely atmosphere, but it was hard to find electrical outlet to charge my laptop, and the place is kind of smoky.I left my precious mugshots for this? I ordered something like a bacon sandwich with an egg. The lady behind the counter says "we don't have turkey bacon today" and I'm like cool... so regular bacon? awesome, that's what I wanted! Then I get my sandwich . Take a bite... what the hell is this.... gross spicy wood chip thingy why god? So I went to ask why they would play this cruel prank on me and replace bacon with a crushed up bug sponge? "It's a tempeh. It's good." NO  IT IS NOT(good)! So I left, put my tongue through a ringer, tried to scrub the horrible taste off of it... WATER JUST DOESN'T GET HOT ENOUGH. I called my therapist, he said I'm not crazy, these militant vegans are truly trying to harm good, hard working Americans. 
I gave this place two stars because they did some awesome stuff with the space and the people working there meant well, even though they got brain washed by people telling them vegan food is good along the same lines as a parent telling their children that liver and onions is good.Decided to chill out at a Cafe spot after going to tour around Eastern State Penitentiary and found this nice place. It's big and has a lot of space. This place is very modern and overall a pleasant experience!Had to come into town for a meeting and decided to come in here for my morning coffee. I ended up trying the soy latte and it was okay. I wouldn't say it was the best I've had but it did it's job. I also had a croissant and it was good. Service was okay too. They were a bit busy but they didn't keep their customers waiting. It's my first time here but I will plan on coming again when I'm in this part of town.Happened on this place while walking around at an art crawl (which was a bit lame). I loved that they had something for everyone and I wasn't stuck having a bagel with nothing on it. 
I had an everything bagel with hummus and avocado. Delish. Bagel was pretty good and fresh.  I also had a smoothy. It was tasty. 
I was in shock at the cost. It was very reasonable. At my favorite lunch place in Florida a smoothie alone is $9 and here my entire brunch was $9. 
The place is clean. It was a little annoying that many of the tables are taken by students buying nothing more than a cup of coffee and settled in for what could be hours. 
The service was great and friendly. 
Next time I am in Philly I definitely will return.This is one of my favorite coffee shops! The staff is great and the food is delicious. A bit pricey, but the quality is high.
Try the lemon myrtle tea! The barista kept refilling the pot with hot water for us and although it did get pretty weak by the third pot, their honey is delicious and made a nice cold day study companion.
Try their soup and grilled cheese combo!I love coming here. Besides having a beautiful space, there's great coffee and gluten free option. I'm always happy with whatever I order. The Brie sandwich is my favorite.OCF is a great cafe in Fairmount. I am a frequent flyer; heading over there at least twice a week. They always have fresh brewed light or dark roast coffee. Almond milk is available, as is soy milk; but, they are not on the bar. You have to request it for your coffee. My all time favorite breakfast option is the quinoa cereal (vegan). It comes with blueberries and strawberries with a nice dusting of powdered sugar. It's like oatmeal; but, much creamier. My hunch is that they definitely cook the quinoa in a nondairy milk. The cereal is very filling and sweet; but, not too sweet. It can keep me going all day even on days I have to skip lunch. I also love their bagels and their fresh homemade cashew spreads (vegan). My favorite is the veggie cashew spread on dark toasted pumpernickel bagel. The jalapeño cashew spread is a great option as well; just too spicy for my taste at breakfast. I'll be continuing to go to OCF again and again for a very long time!This place used to be my favorite but I've ordered bagels twice recently and they have turned out so bad. Not fully toasted and barely any creamcheeeseGreat coffee shop to work in. Lots of space, adn lots of beverages to consume. I just wish their chairs were more comfy.I had the tofu scramble with goat cheese and it changed my life. Husband had a smoothie and I don't know if it changed his life but it was delicious nonetheless. I hate the term hipster but if we're going to be real here, this place is hipster central and I'm not mad about it. Friendly staff, cozy and hip decor, great service. Makes me bummed I don't live in Philly.This was my first cup of coffee in Philly. I had a cortado (what we call an "American style macchiato". It was well above average. Not my favorite, but definitely 4 out of 5 starts. The espresso shot was pulled to near perfection. There was no hint of burning at all. The steamed milk was smooth and not too foamy. 
The staff were very nice. 
I also had a breakfast sandwich and it was very good. The goat cheese was particularly impressive. I recommend this place for sure!Excellent variety! Includes small bites, drinks and lunch/light dinner meals if you're on the hungry side. Plenty of space to lounge or study.Came here to get some work done and the internet connection is by far one of the slowest I've ever encountered, it pretty much stayed around 31 KBPS. And when we visited we both got a pastry and the chocolate cupcake with vanilla buttercream that my partner got was by far the driest cupcake they have ever eaten, they pretty much could only eat the top part with the frosting, while my lavender latte had zero lavender flavor to it. Also the prices are pretty high for their coffee and pastries.Definitely not a bad place, but one of the cashiers is just so unwelcoming and has made me feel uncomfortable for asking a simple question. Also for a place who seems so ecologically friendly you would think that they would have a refill price. Pretty pricey for what you're getting.A cute coffee place right outside of the Eastern State Penitentiary. We tried the homemade ginger ale and Yerba Mate. Both are very refreshing.If you love waiting 25 minutes for a mediocre breakfast sandwich, this is probably the place for you. No explanations on a moderately busy day for why orders were taking so long.I was so disappointed with OCF Coffee House.  The space is nice, and the service was good and pretty quick, but I was totally underwhelmed by their coffee and bagels/bagel sandwiches.  The bagels are basically bread (not true bagels) and have ZERO flavor.  I had to add quite a bit of salt to both my buttered sesame bagel and my husband's bacon/egg/cheese on a wheat bagel.  The prices aren't cheap either, so I was expecting at least a tasty breakfast and good cup of coffee.  Also, the coffee bar was a complete mess when I was there.  Cream, sugar, trash all over it.  I suppose they were busy, but someone should routinely wipe it down.- friendly service
- food was ready quick, even though the place was packed
- sriracha available for my eggs
- menu is pretty diverseI have to write a review after enjoying one of the best hot beverages of my life at OCF. They have Chai-der! It's Chai + Apple Cider! It's an amazing concoction, so perfect for a cold winter day. It combines my 2 favorite hot drinks. They need to patent this, it's genius! If you love hot apple cider and chai you must go there now!Great, Great spot and a lovely find for us out-of-towners.  My husband does not drink coffee, so he politely sat there while I swooned over my soy latte.  It was delicious and as much as we both wanted one of the sweets from behind the glass, we were so full from Sabrina's that just looking at the sweets made the buttons on our pants pop off.  But we did drool over them.  
My latte was smooth, perfectly rich, and was devoured quite quickly.  
Glad we went and we would return to OCF, if ever in Philly again.Looks like a nice space. Very large, maybe once a former garage?  It has a very open atmosphere and it's right across the street from a castle like former Eastern State Penetientary which is gorgeous for a former jail.
We just came in to get pre-race bagels since we had to get up at the crack of dawn and didn't know anywhere that would be open that early in Philly (we were visiting) 
I got a wheat and bf got the everything bagel. There were nice enough to pack butter and napkins to go. Bagels seemed fresh the next morning. 
I'd visit again if I was in town.THIS REVIEW IS FOR FAIRMOUNT FOOD CRAWL ONLY
SPOT 9
Our minor entertainment was provided by patrons in front of us, who left as quickly as they arrived in an effort to avoid having droplets of rain fall from the canopy above thus ruining their hair, day, night, lives, etc.  Closer to the counter for us.
Food - chocolate covered bacon / Beverage - Nawlin's Iced Tea
According to the cashier, we had caught a lull in the craziness, but upon seeing the army of staff in the back, I'm sure they could have handled (and did) three times as many people.
The coffee was a new mixture for me with tea (rooibos I think) with chicory syrup and some other additions.  I was comparing it to an Arnold palmer, but with coffee instead of lemonade.  It was very pleasant and I'd probably order it again just to see if I can recognize more flavors.
The chocolate covered bacon, IMO, was less successful.  It was... well.. bacon.. covered in chocolate.. which in all is what was displayed, is what was sold, is what is expected, yet, I wanted something more.  The chocolate on its own was delicious, a dark variety and the bacon was pleasant with a touch of smoke and salt.  You'd think these would be more successful, but it just didn't do it for us.  Either the bacon needed some more sprinkling of something or the chocolate needed to be thinned out a bit (it was quite thick).I was craving a lox bagel for a while now & came across this cafe! I couldn't be more satisfied with the sandwich & the prices were fair! I had the everything bagel & ir tastes very fresh & the lox was the right amount of smokiness! Plus, they make freshly baked goodies!This place is definitely a little hidden gem!Breakfast was nice & quiet, i was able to ease into my morning w/o a lot of noise or people rushing in & out. The location is perfect, in the heart of Fairmount which makes it great for people watching (lol) Everyone was nice & the food was pretty good. I would definitely return.The food and service are always first-rate with reasonable prices. My favorite sandwich here is lox, cream cheese on a pumpernickel bagel. They also make great egg dishes and a variety of other tasty sandwiches.As soon as you walk into this cafe the vibe and atmosphere warms you up. It's my first time here and the staff is so friendly and sweet. Great service and delicious food. I had their toast whole grain with egg, spinach and cheddar cheese. It was light and filling for brunch. The ice coffee was pretty good as well. Definitely satisfied with my brunch today. Highly recommend to try this place out! :)Great new coffee spot in Fairmout! And much needed to. Now I no longer have to go to the stuffy starbucks down the street!  Good coffee too!This place always has good bakery options and a quiche option. It can get pretty busy in there and I can feel the staff getting annoyed easily over simple questions, but definitely not all of them. Also the business causes less than nice customers. Some of the food is plain, so prepare to add salt and pepper if that's more your taste, as well as hot sauce. The chicken salad was really amazing and I wasn't expecting it at all. Also the cashew cream cheese is good as well, I wanted to steal my boyfriends bagel from him because of it. I don't usually get iced coffee from here, because I don't enjoy it.This place is cheap and has a good atmosphere. I'm giving it three stars because the vegan pancakes were sub par. They were small, rubbery, and barely warm. The syrup tasted artificial. I wouldn't go here to eat again because Fairmount has a lot of options and I didn't love it here.There are some days where a plan just comes together like that (snaps).  My favorite flea happens twice a year around the perimeter of the prison.  This year, I indoctrinated one of my favorite peeps Amanda to the joys of outdoor bargain shopping.  
But first, coffee.  We popped by and each grabbed the perfect caffeinated beverage.  My iced coffee gave me enough pep to maneuver through the crowds.  It was so good and they know to have simple syrup on standby.
Forty dollars and 3 hours later, we were famished.  Back to OCF Coffee House for a little nosh. I am not a fan of chicken salad since most are chocked full of celery.  However, the OCF chicken salad sandwich captured my eye since it had dried apricots, shaved fennel, and walnuts instead of celery on top of celery.  Amanda went for the kale and grain salad with goat cheese.  Both dishes were perfect - simple but delicious.  Plus you didn't feel like a chunky butt after eating there - especially because they let you get a side salad instead of chips.
OCF is a good place to pop by for a quick drink or a whole afternoon of wifi.One of my favorite coffee houses in the city. It's big open and airy. Waitstaff is friendly. It gets a bit crowded on weekends during brunch, but other than that awesome place to go.Terrible. Was there around 3 pm on Sunday feb 28.
Ordered a BLT as noted on the blackboard by the counter. Instead of using mayo they put some kind of hot sauce on it. When I returned it they refused to do anything even though blackboard did not mention
hot sauce. Lunch for my son and I cost over $30.
Only place I have ever been to that refused to replace
unacceptable food!I'm in Philly this weekend doing some sightseeing. After being worn out from walking around the Eastern State Penitentiary, I was desperately looking for some coffee. My friend pointed this out while we were waiting for our uber. Ran in to grab some coffee. The decor is really nice. I love the large open windows and wooden tables. Would be 5 stars if they had hazelnut flavored coffee :(Only one experience here so far, got an iced coffee and tempeh blt. Coffee was fine, no complaints there. Blt - tempeh was really pretty good, hints of maple and spicy, thick cut. The bread was the weakest part, it seemed fake, kind of chewy. I ended up just eating the insides of the sandwich and leaving the bread. They gave me terra chips with my sandwich, that was cool. Would like to try more things here, but probably not too often because it's pretty expensive. I would have gotten an iced tea, but not for 3$.Was visiting for a few days to do research, and needed a place to do a bit of computer work for the day. This was the perfect place to do it--excellent coffee and food options, plenty of space, and a great atmosphere. Thankful that I found a place near an outlet, about half the seating isn't nearby one.If I lived in Fairmount, I would come here much more often. As is, it is a regular stop when bringing guests to Eastern State.
The staff is amazing! Very friendly!
The coffee is good. They have a Nutella latte which is pretty awesome, but I actually just had them put some of the Nutella stuff (not sure if it's a powder or the regular jar stuff) in the bottom of drip coffee and it was spectacular.
Baked goods are fun - I had a lavender shortbread there, once. Yum!
Pricey.I really, really like OCF overall- really good food, super nice staff, delicious house baked pastry. The only downfall is their coffee. I've tried and tried to acquire a taste for it, and I just can't. It's all the more puzzling considering some of the finest coffee in the world- la Colombe- is roasted a few miles away, but they use some company from Wyoming or something. It's just not good, and for how much I frequent OCF, I really wish it was.Stopped here for a lemonade this weekend after a nice walk. I can't speak to the food, because we were there after the kitchen was closed, and I didn't eat any of the snacks (though there WERE vegan snacks available).
What I really liked about this place was the atmosphere. Friendly employees (who encouraged me to come back for the apparently very vegan-friendly menu! Bright clean space, and I loved the garage door windows (which were open so as to enjoy this beautiful Saturday afternoon in the spring!).
I will definitely go back here. I need to try the food, for sure!try their breakfast burrito and Ethiopian coffee. For cultural value, just try the coffee without the food.Great open air place with brunch all day. People on laptops doing their digital working and stuff.  Gluten free options for us Celiac peeps and fad dieters (thanks guys... The fad dieters that is).   And veggie options too. No normal ass bacon here, but the beef bacon is ok and greasy. Not as good as normal ass bacon.
The iced coffee is on point!From a student and study location, this place is kinda bad. For the outlets, there is a scarcity of them. Gotta go towards the wall while there is tons of seating in the middle. It seems the middle is more geared towards patrons to dine and chat more than studying, which makes more sense. Also, their WiFi is hard to connect to. I had to connect to a different WiFi network in order to gain internet access. Their Network kept trying then failing to connect.The overall experience was a bit difficult to say the less. 
For the food/drinks side, it was alright. $3+ bucks for a regular size coffee. I wasn't blown away by their choices nor did they have many choices. 
Eh, if I'm around I'll stop by but don't think I'll suggest this place to my friends to stop by.I almost want to move to this hood just to be near here!
On my first trip in I tried the cream of potato soup. It was amazing. It was pretty much the best cream of potato soup I have ever had. 
Second trip today I had the best ever chicken salad sandwich, It is soooo good. If they start serving this at the one on 18th I might never loose weight! 
My only problem is the chairs here are dinky, like made out of tin foil dinky. Not impressed!After many subsequent visits I think I can safely override my previous rating. 
OCF is a really great spot to study, meet, or to grab a quick snack/drink. They have a ton of loose leaf teas which can be made hot or cold, and really great smoothies! Also after going vegan I'm really excited by the fact that they have vegan baked goods and well marked vegan options on their menu. It's also really accommodating for those who are gluten free!Cute coffee place across from eastern state penitentiary. We came here looking for something warm to drink after our wet and cold tour of eastern state. The coffee and treats here were delicious. Very cute and large open space.... Set in an old warehouse.It's pretty surprising how well OCF manages a coffee shop. This place is always packed. The food selection is impressive; there are endless amounts of treats. The smoothie I had was pretty good, not the best. Coffee is always good. Try the shortbread!Love this place. Always fresh and great coffee. Amazing Nutella latte. A little too pricey. My iced lattes are always 5$ minimum and look like a size small from Starbucks. I haven't seen once decent size cup at this place. Otherwise it's very good.Pleasant staff, good coffee, great food and an amazing space. As others have mentioned, some customers are put off by the prices of drinks and food, which I was a bit surprised by as they seem to be in the middle of the road price wise for drinks
And coffee.
I ended up having my breakfast here this morning and was pleasantly surprised the server behind the counter not only reminded me of an option for jam with my toast but reviewed the ticket back to me to double check. Food came out quickly and was as good as previous meals. I do appreciate that the shop does full made to order meals with "real food", meaning that the roast beef is actually roast beef. After finishing my meal, I checked my email and looked over to notice that a server there had already pulled my plates and utensils away for cleaning. I've had far worse meals and service for much greater price
Overall, it's a great shop that deserves it's reputation.Cool coffee house atmosphere.  Located directly across from the eastern state penitentiary, we came here for lunch.  Wife had the Ruben and I the chef Marc's chicken sandwich.  Both were tasty.  I liked how they had the option to do chips or a salad without charging extra for the salad.  I suggest asking for any sauce dressing on the side, unless you like it little heavy handed.  Chicken was seasoned well and not dry.  I took a bite of the Ruben and it had pretty good flavor too. We split a chocolate chip cookie.  I enjoyed it better than my wife did; she likes cookies more crunchy, I liked it better because it was more moist and crumbly.  We didn't get coffee because we chose to hydrate on this hot day, so can't comment on that.Gorgeous, clean, and light new space, great coffee, and a courteous staff.  Fairmount needed a fresh coffee shop and this is just the ticket!  Keep up the good work!Rude customer service and the Reuben was badly over salted. When I asked for jam for my toast, they told me that it would be a 50 cent charge even though the menu did not have a price. Then, it became 83 cents. Jam should be free with toast. The cold brew comes from a tap and is not very good.The coffee was fine. Nothing to write home about. We were cold, the coffee was hot. It did what we needed it to do. The vibe was pretentious, to be frank, but also fine. Just your average, run of the mill hipster coffee shop. The signs on the street tried a little too hard to be clever. 
The dude with the beard and the long hair at the counter was a rude, argumentative ding dong. This place is drowning in its own pretentiousness, too busy admiring its 27 hot teas to be anything other than a drip in the pot.I don't get what the big deal is about this place. It has a gorgeous aesthetic, inside and out, but the menu didn't look veery like it special.
I got sausage, egg and cheese on a bagel, which was brought out to my outdoor table I was sharing with my pup.
Customer service was kind of lacking- even though I was there twenty minutes after opening, I felt like when I was a nuisance when I was placing my order.Motivated to write this review while sitting in Good Karma Cafe because it has become clear all that I've left behind with my recent move. Good Karma isn't bad! I just miss my spot for reasons outlined below :). While I was in Fairmount OCF was my go to study location. The staff are super kind and the atmosphere is great. They have a great selection of snacky cafe food and the full kitchen is a plus that no one can argue with. Moreover, the meals are really good, I am a big fan of both the roasted veggie sandwich and the potato veggie hash. 
Ok, back to eating my expensive cold sandwich - waahBad experience. Had coffee & pastrys outside brought all plates & trash in and cashier told me I placed items in the wrong place that I needed to put them in the bin on a cart. Meanwhile she was standing there not busy and I tipped her earlier. So she basically told me to bus my own table, I should have gotten my tip back from the jar!i Enjoyed my visit to OCF Coffee House. I all had was a cup of coffee but that was all a came for. The coffee was good the service was quick.  There are plenty of seats to choose from and your not all crammed together like at other coffee shops or cafes. This place is wide open. Now if your looking for a cozy place to have a cup of coffee and read or get some work done this might not be the place for you. Its can get a bit noises in OCF. Now if you don't mind noise and your looking for a good cup of coffee and a nice table  to use your laptop on OCF is a good choice. i do plan on returning in the near future.The setting:
It's right across from the Eastern State Eastern State Penitentiary on the corner of 21st and Fairmount. I came here when it was Mugshots Coffeehouse and fell in love with the decor. My sister lives close by and suggested it for lunch. OCF renovated the look and expanded it as well. It's a very open space, modern, and lots of natural light. Long tables for bigger parties, private seating to have alone time or group seating which was perfect for us. A nice sitting environment to chat with friends over good eats, a cup of tea/coffee or to read/study. There were people casually sitting with their notes, laptop or books with a drink. They have a community calendar which was nice to see. It provides a sense of caring for the community. The specials for the day were listed on a board upon entering which was a nice summary in addition to the menus and the board above the counter. The desserts were cased by the registers and all looked scrumptious! The tea - never saw so many options in one place for consumption! I definitely will have to try the coffee next time, we came for lunch. 
The Food:
Their food is pretty darn good taste-wise and health-wise! Their options are generally local, grass-fed, or organic, gluten free, vegetarian and vegan options, which we appreciated. It felt really great knowing that we were eating well without breaking our wallets and the best part was that everything was delicious too. We ordered the Power Salad, Roasted Vegetable Sandwich - that came yummy veggie (terra) chips, a vegan peanut butter cookie that you will LOVE I promise even if you are not vegan (which we aren't), and a peanut butter cake with chocolate ganache which we split as well and all enjoyed!
I would definitely recommend OCF, the staff were all ready and willing to answer any question we had. They offered suggestions based on questions they asked and they were so pleasant. Our food came out quick and service was excellent! 'll definitely come back when I am in the area again and try some other yummy menu item with some coffee.Great environment. Great drinks. Fantastic service and was fast. Can get busy during certain hours but has plenty of seating which is a huge perk.A really solid coffee shop with ample space to enjoy a great cup of excellent coffee or tea.
I've been here several times since moving to Philadelphia and thoroughly enjoy breakfast at this Fairmont spot.  The egg sandwich offerings can be had on a number of bread options (I'm a fan of their sourdough and their in-house English muffins).  You can heap cheese, avocado and a number of other things.  Everything is always fresh.
Another factor that makes OCF such a fantastic offering is the great service.  It's always upbeat without being obnoxious and you'll get your food delivered to your table in a jiffy.  It's best experienced as a sit down place vs a take out joint.  Enjoy the big, airy space lined with big windows.  And relax because you are in good hands.Solid place to go for coffee, pastries and breakfast sandwiches. It's not the coziest coffee shop but the bright open space makes OCF a great place to bring a computer and get some work done. There are so many tables, you'll never have trouble finding a seat. Overall nice people, good service, good food.I can only comment on the breakfast food, but the place seems to do extremes well.  I first tried the Quinoa Hot Cereal.  Surprised to find that it was disgustingly sweet.  Next I tried the Oval smoothie, which was super bitter.  At least the tea was good though.The perfect place to refuel (and possibly warm up!) after your visit to Eastern State. 
OCF is huge, has speedy wifi, and a big selection. You can always grab a table for yourself and probably even find room for 10 or so of your closest friends.
Sometimes an intimate coffee shop is nice, but sometimes a local chain with loads of space and a little polish is exactly what you need.I was turned off at first after discovering that they didn't serve made to order food past 6 pm but after giving them a second chance one Sunday morning, I have changed my mind. Service is prompt and friendly. They have a great breakfast/brunch selection to chose from and I love the bright open industrial look they have going on. Another great addition to the Fairmount hood.Great place to come in and work.  Very good coffee , sandwiches, salads and desserts.  Staff is friendly, and prices are fair for a place that lets you sit there and and work all day. Ive been coming here frequently and love it.  Few things to be aware of is that the internet is VeRY slow and must be fixed and if you plan to stay for over 2 hours, you must re park your car or risk getting a ticket. Ps, this has outside seating and pretty good for meetings.I was really excited to try this place, but it was pretty much a let down.  My husband and I went for lunch.  Unless you are pretty adventurous and open to trying different combinations, it has very limited options.  The homemade drinks (lemonade, blueberry ade) were good, but they were half full and expensive.  The food wasn't amazing and they had a warm, gross looking tap with shot glass sized cups for those who simply wanted tap water.  
I haven't tried the coffee which is supposed to be good, but this place definitely isn't worth it.  Don't waste your time.  I only gave it 2 stars because the atmosphere is nice with the wide open windows and space.  Other than that, don't bother.If you put extra milk in your espresso, they charge you. If you put extra milk in your espresso.......they up charge you. 
The peanut butter bombs are delicious though!While this site looks like it might be friendly, the customer service proved otherwise.
The barista/cashier who served me was rude when I asked her questions, which was strange.  Common courtesy and respect should be part of the staff's training process.amazing coffee, huge variety of pastries accommodating different restrictions and great serviceTheir tea selection there is phenomenal and I love places that don't just cater to the coffee drinkers.  Add to that their friendly staff and great affordable menu items and the end result is your favorite neighborhood hang out.Terrific spot.  Great space.  Abundant light and air.   Mostly super friendly and helpful staff. 
To complain about the food/drink prices is a little silly, even if a drink and snack do cost an extra $.50 or $1.00. OCF let's you use its space as a library/office/study hall/conference room all day, for free. They have enough outlets for dozens of laptops and phones, and free wireless.   So they appear to have squared the circle: figured out a way to stay solvent through volume while still giving folks a good atmosphere for both lounging and working.*  
*N.B. At some times of day the mommy/daddy "my kid is so cute you are not to be annoyed by her crawling around and drooling on your frayed laptop cord" crowd is rambunctious, rendering working conditions less than optimal.  
Finally, a word about the drip coffee itself.  The Anodyne brand coffee they very proudly serve tastes like ass.  I don't know if it's a particular style of roast - many reviewers do seem to love it - but it is unbearably bitter to me.  I still buy it because... coffee.This is one of my favorite coffee shop to do work, drink coffee, and eat food. There are plenty of tables and outlets. The price of the food and drinks are a bit on the higher end, but I think it's worth it given it's better quality than the typical coffee shop. I also think they have the best egg sandwiches!
Food Rating: 4/5
Service Rating:4/5
Ambiance Rating: 4/5This is stroller yoga mom and hipster headquarters.  If you aren't from Philly you will love this place.OCF is the classic cute coffee shop that thinks they can over charge customers for below average coffee, food and pastries because they're in a good location and the room is nice. That being said...the environment here is pretty great. Lots of windows (which is super nice natural lighting for studying), the music is on point and never too loud, and there are a lot of tables (and many outlets). This place would be pretty great if the coffee was better (the dark roast tastes like stale regular coffee) and if the food wasn't overpriced. Eggs and hash browns should never be $8.00! Cmon...I did see a lot of people getting food though so maybe I'm just super cheap. Iced coffee is decent.Nice place with free wifi- good drinks and food, lots of seating. The service was great and the atmosphere light and airy. The only drawback was that the chairs were uncomfortable after awhile, but it's a cool place and I will be back.Always a good meal. Very eclectic menu. Always a pleasurable experience. The tofu Scramble has a little bit too much curry powder, but it was still divine.a little pricey, but awesome service and food. get the grilled cheese and soup special, every variety of it is great!Looking for a cup of coffee.. CHECK.  Nice place to eat a nice brunch or lunch.. CHECK.  Cool ambiance..CHECK.   OCF is definitely a nice place to go for a casual dining experience in the Fairmount area.  Been here more times than I can count with friends for casual lunches.  My favorite is the chicken salad sandwich.. but they also serve up a very nice classic brunch. I go for the eggs, bacon, potatoes.. that sort of thing.  Ambiance is very cool and relaxed.. people are coming to casually eat with friends, or eat and study, or work on projects.    Feels like a go-to neighborhood spot if you live in the area.  Love the open air feel of this restaurant. Coffee is good, not the best I've ever had but will definitely serves its purpose for a nice cup of jo... and don't forget their selections of sweets and desserts enticing you as you place your order.  They are worth trying as well!I lived in Fairmount for two years and OCF was hands down my favorite coffee shop. It is huge, a great places to do work or meet with friends. The food and coffee is delicious. If you are getting toast make sure you ask for the house strawberry jam. The staff is friendly and they make a point to get to know you.This is a great place to get some work done on your laptop while munching on pretty decent food. The staff is friendly. The space is open, modern, and has great tables for spreading out if you need room. The furniture is very utilitarian, yet somehow not harsh. There's no sofas or "living room" type areas here.
I've had a couple different sandwiches, but not breakfast yet. The BLT I had today was very good. And their chips are just amazing. I'm not sure what they're made from. There's several different types mixed in, maybe sweet potatoes? All I know is I love them. One odd thing though is they don't have regular bacon. The have turkey bacon, beef bacon, and, I think, veggie bacon, but not bacon bacon.
Only thing missing from this review is the coffee. No bacon, no coffee review! Ok, it's really because I haven't had coffee there more than once or twice, and it wasn't that memorable. My coffee loyalties and morning routine are elsewhere.Neighborhood coffee house! (....co-branded with a realty company....I mean....I guess then you always know where to meet to discuss contracts and what not...)
This OCF is directly across the street from Eastern State Penitentiary, which 100% influenced our decision to come here Saturday morning of our Philly visit. ESP doesn't open until 10am, so we decided coffee was really the best way to start our day.
The coffee was hot, the coffee was strong, it was exactly what I needed! AND we found a place to sit, *inside*, at 9:30 on a saturday morning! That being the most unexpected thing of all! Like the Tardis...it was like it was bigger on the inside!
They have a breakfast/food menu that I wish I had partaken of...everything looks delicious! Maybe next time....I hope there is a next time!Nice open space with large tables and decent coffee.  Better than the coffee shop with a better name that used to reside here.deliciousness! this is the first time i had ever tried a linzer. I am still not sure what that is but it was so yummy. I tried the peanut butter and jelly one and also had the Nutella mocha. the flavoring of the Nutella doesn't really come out in the drinks i am not sure I would order it again. the place was kind of loud but its cozy though.My favorite brunch place in the city. They have the best gluten free everything bagels I've ever had in my life. I get a lox bagel sandwich and a matcha latte every single time. I want to try other things but it's so good I can't stop getting my usual. Their matcha lattes are to die for. 
There are a ton of tables and great lighting to get work done. Sometimes on Sundays it gets crowded but space usually frees up pretty quickly. They have so many gluten free, vegan, and vegetarian options. The staff is so friendly and very knowledgeable about allergies. Definitely stop in here if you're in the area!The short of it: OCF is awesome and my new favorite study spot!
The long of it:  I explored OCF on a whim when I was getting bored of my usual study spots...best decision ever!  The space is massive (at least 30 2-person tables, plus a handful of larger ones) and has big windows letting in lots of natural light. I can imagine it'd be gorgeous in the summers because they open up the big garage-style doors letting in even more sun and air.  There are plenty of outlets and the tea and food are great and moderately priced.  
There's a good mix of people who are either just stopping in for brunch and those (like me) who are hanging out with their laptops and books for hours...the staff is super sweet and attentive, and definitely not the type to throw you dirty looks if all you've ordered is a cup of tea (I think that's also because there's no shortage of seating, even during prime-Saturday brunch time).  
Honestly, this place is so great that I've ventured out here from Market East on Septa two days in a row. Let's be real, that's a big dealAfter a fascinating, self-guided tour of the original penitentiary across the street we needed a cup of coffee. This pleasant, spacious place took good care of us.  We did not eat, but the food we saw looked good. 
Also, save your penitentiary tour receipt for a 10% discount!Although Fairmount now has a number of coffee shops, OCF is by the far best one! Lots of vegan and gluten free options. They have homemade veggie cream cheese, which was really good. The chai latte was awesome. The eggs are farm fresh from Green Meadow Farm, which is a local farm.  Last time I had the sweet potato pancakes, which were delicious.  They have menus for brunch and lunch with a variety of items like egg sandwiches, vegetable sandwich, bagels, and even hummus.  The hummus was great with a nice lemon flavor and it comes with homemade bagel chips. 
They also have gluten-free items, such as bread and pastries!  
It is a really bright and open space with large windows. They have a lot of tables and it feels spacious, unlike the other two coffee shops on Fairmount Ave.  This is a great place to sit and talk, or meet someone for coffee.   It is SO much bigger than the old Mugshots! They did a great job re-doing the space. It is a great spot if you have a larger group, kids, need a meeting spot, or want to relax and take in the sunny space. 
I was very happy to hear The XX on their playlist = nice Sunday am!  The staff is very friendly and constantly clearing plates and making sure that you are taken care of.  They seem genuinely nice and friendly, not the snobby coffee shop barista attitude you get at some other places.  
Everything is reasonably priced and they have a large variety for breakfast and lunch.  
They are also BYO so they provide mixers like bloody mary mix and orange juice. Sweet!When the first time I came to this place and ordered a cup of tea, I was actually pretty in hurry to catch my bus back to New York. I saw the cashier make my mint tea with loose tea leaves and hot water and then he put on a timer saying only 4.5 minutes. 
ONLY 4.5 minutes?! That's the longest time I have ever waited for a cup of tea nowadays and I would probably have to run in Philly for my bus. However, besides enduring the unbearable waiting time, I found I have no excuse to complain because I am from the tea country. It probably took my mom 45 minutes to make a pot of tea and you will have to just wait... During my wait time, I looked at their tea shelf carefully and got so amazed by how many types of teas they have here and they are all loose teas in glass jars. This is truly the coffee house who knows how to make teas. 
I love the quietness and chicness of Fairmount in Philly and I will have to just come back to OCF to try some other teas one day.Its really hard to find something that this coffee empire doesn't do right. From the late hours to the huge warehouse of seating, this place cranks open the garage doors when its nice out and life is good. 
Very detailed salad options while it may be pricey your paying for quality over quantity here. Great place to get tucked in and get some homework done. Always a choice for seating and wifi is pretty fast. 
No complaints, if I lived closer I would probably be here everyday!Nice coffee shop with a great snack options .. Interesting vegetarian and vegan food options !! May seem like a students' hangout pale at first but it is really a coffee shop for everyone !I'll save you the long, boring review of the coffee, atmosphere, etc.  If you are looking for a good cup, plenty of space to sit, and most importantly STAFF THAT TREATS YOU WITH RESPECT.  Then this is your place.  Most of the coffee houses in Fairmount/Francisville have intolerable staff that forget you are paying $6 for a cup of coffee and $11 for a wrap.  OCF staff doesn't make you feel like you are the uncool kid at the prom.  They are pleased to answer your questions and they don't rush you.  I tip my hat to the ladies & gentlemen behind the counter - their ability to keep their composure even when customers are acting like d-bags, is nothing short of appreciated.  
If you prefer your coffee with a shot of attitude, head two blocks down the road to Smug Shots.OCF Coffeehouse is a busy, open-plan cafe located across from Eastern State Penitentiary. When I went in (and every time I've walked by), the place was packed with people working on laptops, chatting with friends, or reading books. The food and coffee were pretty good, and the location is fantastic (it's like eating next to a castle).
It's quite a large cafe, and the openness makes is a little loud inside. One of the walls is a large chalkboard with a calendar of upcoming events in Philly, which was pretty cool. They also have great wifi, which is important if you're gonna be working on your laptop for a few hours.
Overall, a good place to buckle down with a coffee and sandwich for some work!Like what they did with the building.  I have only been for breakfast but food has been consistent and good the few times I have been there.  Coffee is good.  My standbye for food has been egg and chees on a everything bagel. Bagels are nice since they are a normal size.  If you are looking for super sized this isn't the place for you.  I have two knocks.  The first is no whole grain bagel. Second, is Latte only comes in one size and it is very small.  If somone wants to play up for a larger one that should be an option.  Overall happy with the Fairmont addition.Massive space perfectly for a group breakfast or meeting
With a baby, I had to find a breakfast spot open early.  OCF to the rescue.  Because it's probably 10k square feet, we were able to sit away from everyone and let me son throw his food everywhere.  Food is really tasty.  On the smaller side, so over order.  Great vegetarian options with lots of fake meats.  La Colombo coffee too!A large coffee house across from the Eastern State Penitentiary with excellent food, solid coffee, and plenty of seating. Last time I was here I ordered a lox bagel sandwich with a roasted tomato and arugula and it was truly delicious. 
I regularly tutor a student here and am pleased with the wifi speed, variety of seating, and number of outlets. Parking isn't too bad around here. I've never had an issue finding a spot within two blocks. Only thing that bothers me is that the tables and chairs are of pretty cheap quality. Nearly all are wobbly which can make it difficult for me to get work done. 
Finally, I know the OCF realty company is very controversial in Philadelphia and can act pretty heartless towards longtime, lower income residents. Just something to keep in mind if you're looking to vote with your feet.Better location than the others mainly because it is much larger and has windows that open on to the street which is amazing on a nice day. The bread pudding loafs and lemon bars are fantastic. Lots of teas to choose from and great drinks in general. their smoothies and other food is also pretty good. Their hash browns have a lot of pepper and seasoning on them, so if that not your thing, I suggest ordering something else or asking them not to put as much on.Best coffee in Philly. Whether you stop in for a black cup of jo or to try their tasty Nutella mochas this place is worth a visit. The staff is also extremely helpful and friendly. It's always refreshing to visit this place and get a delicious cup of coffee without the attitude that sometimes accompanies local coffee houses. This place is a solid 5 stars if simply reviewing the coffee and staff.
The only reason that keeps me from ranking it a 5 is the food. It is a little bland.
However this place is definitely worth trying. You will not be disappointed.Loved their coffee. Service was excellent and they steamed milk just right for my baby.This place is great on every level. Great food that caters to every diet. Awesome coffee. The Nutella latte is the best warm drink I've ever had, not too sweet. Free wifi, real silverware and plates, and complimentary water dispenser.Stopped in to get an espresso shot. Biggest mistake I ever made. The coffee tasted like sour milk without the milk. Couldn't even finish the entire thing. I should've walked half a mile to the closest Starbucks.Delicious cappuccinos and good baked goods and sandwiches. A great place to stop after touring the penitentiary across the street. Has lots of open space and airflow. Great for a nice cool fall day. The Nutella mocha was a novel drink as well. Quite delicious. The fudge brownie was amazingly sweet and fudgy. A bit expensive overall, but good coffee, food, and atmosphere.Oh, OCF. You have such wonderful menu items(although I've only tried a few) but the service is so bad every single time. Workers basically ignore the customers. They usually don't even call out drinks so you have to keep going up and checking and then try to get someones attention to ask what's in the lone cup on the counter. I've never been able to find a clean place to sit either. Nobody is ever cleaning up the cafe area, including the mountains of dishes that pile up. This place is cute, but not an enjoyable experience.Great place to stop by if you're in the Fairmount area. OCF gets pretty busy pretty fast, so be sure to get there early if you want to do work in the AM. Lots of bike (and sometimes car) parking in the area, lots of seating and beautiful natural light, but there aren't so many outlets, just around the walls and corner seats. 
GREAT selection of drinks and food alike-- their more exotic coffee blends are super strong, so, watch out if caffeine really affects you... I've had brunch here a few times, and no complaints here, very good and fresh. Friendly workers, and a really clean, great place to study and hang out.No thanks! There are so many GOOD coffee shops in the area (i.e. Mugshots) that you really don't need to come here. I have come here on multiple occasions and have had bad experiences. The coffee is overpriced but not even good. 
The other day, I ordered their Iced Nutella Mocha and the woman first made it wrong, then drank it in front of me while she angrily made the iced version. When I finally got the right order, the nutella mocha tasted bland (no mocha or nutella taste whatsoever) and I kept drinking coffee grounds or something that irritated my throat. 
The environment is LOUD and the seats are uncomfortable, so it's not a great place to work or have a quick meeting.Almost got to a 5 for this coffee house because it was so dang good. Fairmount Ave is busy and right next to the eastern state jail (museum now). Lots of students as Philly is a college town, especially northern Philly. This place is not just a coffee shop though, baked goods, brunch, bagels, lunch galore. Had a great breakfast sandwich and price was reasonable for the taste and atmosphere. 
Some folks just studying and some were dining/chatting. We got lucky and got a table but I wouldn't want to guarantee most will be as lucky. Lots of takeout food and beverage too. Good Philly cafe but crowded.It was 97 degrees out and I was drawn to this place by their smoothie sign outside! They're $5.50 each or $6 if you wanna customize yours with 3 ingredients. I asked them to surprise me and they gave me Spring Garden: pineapple, banana, arugula, and orange juice. My friend got the Penitentiary: mango, pineapple, and orange juice (normally it's soy milk but she substituted). They don't have added sugars, and both were really refreshing on such a hot day! I'm not in love with the arugula part of the smoothie but I think it worked with the blend, to my surprise. Saw some people doing work and others eating their food...gotta come back on another day for the full experience. :)After our EXCELLENT tour of the Eastern State Pen across the street, one of their staff recommended OCF for lunch. With the receipt from the tour, we got ten percent off OCF. The four of us got four different things, and all of them were exceptional. Service was extremely friendly. It's an eclectic neighborhood with eclectic staff, so don't send your right wing uncle there. But seriously, very good.Totally just saw a mouse run across the floor! I immediately got up and told the cashier (a tall American male with long black hair) name unknown, his response to me was... "Well yeah, it's about that time of year when they start coming in to get out of the cold!" Listen, I'm a culinary enthusiast and any restaurant or chef I have ever known would be shut down immediately, or they would move mountains to rid the restaurant of mice. But OFP Coffee house, seems to welcome them in so they don't get cold outside, poor mice.... OFP coffee house a.k.a The Mouse House! Never again will be back.I was happy when they switched to La Columbe coffee... but they still can't make a decent cup.  The food is overpriced.  Yucky egg and cheese croissant, the eggs were runny and it stunk like farts.  Pretty sure my grilled cheese sandwich was microwaved.  Why can't this place serve better quality food?Loved the atmosphere. Amazing turkeyBLT. BLTs are one of my favorite Sammy's but I rarely order them because they can be quite ordinary. This however, was not. It had basil and chipotle mayo. Màginifque. 
The chai latte was very good. It was too spicy for my liking but it was a very good chia. 
Over all, I've already dreamed and craved that BLT, two days later, and next time, Nutella mocha. I will def be back soon!This is a cute coffee shop if you're in the Art Museum-Fairmount area - it's one of my favorite places to go to group study with people or to just get some work done! 
I have tried their Corinthian smoothie, iced chai tea latte, cold brew, & iced vanilla latte - my favorite has been the iced chai tea latte. The prices are pretty much on par with a what you'd expect to pay at Starbucks - the  quality of the coffee is very good. 
My favorite feature of this coffee shop is that it is very spacious & I've never had an issue finding a table to get work done even at peak hours. The hours are also very accommodating - being open until 8pm. 
I have yet to try any of their food options but I'm always so tempted every time I'm there because the food looks delicious!This place blows Fairmount's other coffee shops out of the water.
OCF is clean and bright with tons of seating, is open til 9pm (this is late night by Fairmount coffee shop standards), offers free wifi, boasts extremely friendly and quick service even when the place is crowded, and has an extensive food, pastry, and drink menu.  The pastry selection is significantly fresher and more diverse than the other area coffee shops.  Aside from the several pastries I've sampled, I've also had the nutella latte and a pre-prepared roasted vegetable sandwich from the fridge, both of which were delicious.  The only downside is that it's pretty darn expensive, though I don't think it's too far out of line with the other area cafes.3.5, Rounded to 4.
I have to admit, I have only grabbed coffee and iced teas from here, but they have all been good. The coffee is your typical, run-of-the-mill coffee. The iced teas are all great. If they used a bean that was not commonly found in Philadelphia - and brewed it well - I would give them a 4-5 stars.
Cool interior, though. If you're looking for a new spot, stop on by!Perfect place to study- free wifi.  Cappuccino was yummy and so many different bakery and breakfast and lunch items.  This place really has a lot of space and it's clean and cute with outdoor seating.  My go to during work hours.  Need to go back to try the croissants and homemade cookies!OCF boasts a spacious spot in the middle of Fairmount, with plenty of room for study groups and gatherings. It's got the simple and clean feel from the gray walls to the light wood tables. It's good whether you're looking to pick up and go, or find yourself a table to sit and park it for a while. 
The tea selection was diverse enough for my tastes, as that's what I went in for. The honeysuckle jasmine was delicious. There's a selection of some pretty tasty pastries too, as well as freshly made sandwiches, so I'll have to come by for lunch some time too. 
I had a real appreciation for the condiment/ extras bar. Super organized, and I know distributing honey to the masses can be a messy business. 
All in all, I had a good experience, and I'll be headed back for my morning coffee today.Love this place. Very big, clean, nice decor, Friendly staff, and great coffee and food! This is my go to. Highly recommend.I wish there was a 6th star, because this place deserves it! Kai (hope I'm spelling this right!) is remarkable. She is so helpful and really made my experience an awesome one. I was interested in trying some new coffees, she went out of her way to assist me and ensure I got the sample I was most interested in. There was a few customers behind me waiting, she could of simply told me "No, we don't have the tasting notes." and moved on to the next customer, but she was sincere in helping me figure out which coffee I'd like most and the other barista stopped what she was doing to open up the next line. I have frequently visited OCF and have always had a great experience, but yesterday was beyond that. Kai is wonderful and offers sensational customer service. (All of the workers I've dealt with here are very pleasant and knowledgeable, by the way!) Thanks, Kai and OCF, for exceptional coffee and customer service to match!
P.S. Indulge in one of their baked goods; had the rosemary shortbread yesterday, it was worth the extra 20 minutes of Yoga I did this morning to make up for it. lol