After trying twice unsuccessfully to get there early enough to get a meal within 20 minutes, I finally was able to break away from work and was 5th in line. I had heard of the "food truck nazi" and that it was the best in town and found Gus, the falafel nazi, as he called himself, lived up to his reputation and more. 
As my turn came up, I approached the cart tenuously, for I did not want to blow it by asking too many questions. He immediately recognized me as a new customer and told me all about the fresh ingredients he uses.
Chicken is cooked over coal and was tender on the inside and perfectly cooked on the outside. Falafel was delicious, as were the grapes and his homemade pasta that went along with it.
There was enough food for 2 people.
Well worth the wait!I am a groupie. He is amazing. I am sad that I got to have his dish only once. Now all construction on market I can't find him!!
His chicken is the most tender and smoky I've ever had. Side dishes are creative and awesome too. 
I hope he is back soon.Chicken was awesome! Loved the char and the garlic marinade. I can't say the same for the rest of the meal! Rice was cold but flavorful and probably would have tasted better if it was warm and dryer. The hummus was average and the falafel was just awful. I'm Arab so I know my fair share of felafel. This was not even acceptable in my standards for America! Everything was fresh though which is why I gave it a 3 + epic chicken. Not worth the wait and the possible risk of being yelled at. Too much hype for just the experience.
PS: if you want real falafel and epic hummus, walk down the street to Mama's.The hype is worth the wait. I had never tried falafels prior to my visit to the the Falafel Nazi/ Falafel King (I know this is not PC, and no offense is intended), but it is an appropriate title to give him. It doesn't just communicate how great the food is, but the experience you'll have. 
The standard Center City lunch crowd knows this unmarked cart on 20th, and it usually has a long line in front of it. Prepare for passerby's to make comments on how you're waiting in line, inquiring as to what it is for, and pretty much just staring at you. *Tip* show up just before 12:00pm to limit the waiting. We got there at 11:45 and still had to wait 40 minutes. 
There is no menu. Get used not to making choices. The cart is run by one man, and he is eccentric, but entertaining. He clearly has a passion for his food. You'll receive what he serves, but expect hummus, falafel, and chicken. He changes it up based on his shopping that week, and I had had a mix of watercress, apples, melons with mine. The sauce was spicy and divine. 
It's worth the wait.
*Remember: Cash only!went here for the first time today - drawn by the amazing smell of the charcoal grill.  looked around for a menu - couldnt find one..then a regular in the line said - "theres only one thing on the menu any given day"...line was slow...had to wait almost 15 minutes with just 5 people in front..
The food was incredible...the hummus was fantastic...the falafel fantastic...the greens were easily separated (and tossed..)..the chicken was tender and amazingly tasty...and the rice-lentil mix (no idea what it really is) was terrific...there was also a giant piece of bread...whole bunch of food for $10...
definitely worth the wait...definitely worth going back againBe patient, the owner/chef/cook whatever you want to call him, he's unqiue, talks a lot and can be difficult to understand but you can see he simply loves to cook. He doesn't skimp nor cheat you. He asks whatever you can pay for and gives you more. The food is great but its his love of customers & food that drives this business.Gus is the best!  His commitment to quality ingredients and preparation details are inspiring.  Unfortunately, I got my platter today and had NO FALAFEL....from a falafel truck!  So, after browsing Yelp, I learned that his fryer broke and the cost is too high to fix.  I started a gofundme to see if we can raise the 3k to bring back falafel!!!  It's under falafel fryer for Gus.
https://www.gofundme.com/falafel-fryer-for-gusMy office building is right off of 20th and Market so this is the perfect lunch spot for me.
Like others before me have stated, the wait can be long, but I usually get around that by opting for a later lunch on days that I choose to eat from the Falafel truck. 1:00 is usually perfect. 
Some people are offended by Konstadinos' rules, but really, I appreciate them. The fact that there isn't a menu is exciting! I like not knowing exactly what I'm going to get... but maybe I'm more adventurous than some people. Really, though, it's not even like he switches things up that much... He just tweaks the details a bit. The chicken is always on the platter, there is always falafel, and there is always hummus. The dessert salad and the chickpea salad/rice/whatever is all that really changes.
And I also appreciate that he doesn't let you hold a spot for someone or order more than one platter. He realizes that most of his clientele are working folks that are on tight schedules. 
If you're lucky, you might catch him on a good day and he'll throw in a free drink. It's only happened to me once or twice, but still, a nice little perk. And if it happens to be cold out/rainy out, he sometimes offers soup while you wait! 
As far as comparing him to Mama's, I do enjoy Mama's, but the Falafel truck takes the cake in my opinion.
It's $10 well spent, especially since I usually get two meals out of it. Just be prepared for some serious lingering garlic breath!Wow, just wow!  The food was unbelievable.  No photo since I scarfed it down before I thought to snap a picture.
We got there just before noon and there were 3-4 people in line.  All-in-all we were there a good 15 min.  Not bad.
Everything everyone said is absolutely true.  So fresh, so yummy.  I was a little surprised that the rice/chick pea dish was cold (everything except the chicken and fallafel were), but it was delish none-the-less.
For $10, my platter included the most amazing smelling (and tasting) grilled chicken, a rice and chick pea mixture, hummus, a small scoop of the best fruit salad I've ever eaten, some sort of greens, and a nice hunk of crusty bread (I got the nose).
I'll definitely go back again!PROBABLY ONE OF THE BEST MIDDLE EASTERN / MEDITERRANEAN FOODS!
HE JUST PILES IT ON AND IT'S JUST AMAZING! THE MAN KNOWS HOW TO WORK A CART!
TIP:
+ You do not get to choose what you get. Only one item on the menu and it's always a little different from the last time.
+ Long wait so get there early or later during lunch time.
+ Used to be $5 now it's $10 i believe.
+ One order per person.
+ Cash only
+ He's a warm friendly guy so have a conversation with him while he prepares your order.
+ You will smell like the food you ate for the next day or two but it's worth it!
+ You will have food coma if you attempt to eat it all in one sitting.
+ He's got piles of garlic and flowers on his cart which is cool.
+ You can smell his food cart from a block away.Last Monday I jogged up the stairs out of the 19th and Market green line station and was basically punched in the face by the amazing smells coming from this food truck more than a block away. I'd eaten at the Falafel truck before so as soon as the incredible aromas of grilled marinated chicken hit my nose I knew what I was going to be chowing down on that day.
The food at this truck is amazing. While the meal varies quite a bit from day today, there are a few things you can generally count on: a portion of delicious hummus, some really good falafel, a pita or roll, a generous helping of some of the best grilled, marinated chicken that I've ever tasted, and two other items. One of the two is usually some sort of risotto or pasta in sauce (which is always good). The other is often a sauce or fruit item. 
Recently, the chef has also been handing out cups of soup to people as they wait in line (different soups every day) and a bottle of Perrier with the meal. He does not list a price but generally charges $10, which is well worth it for an enormous and tasty meal that should last all day.
It's also worth noting that the comments about the guy who runs this truck are not exaggerated. He is a real character and likes to go on and on about how high quality his food is, how difficult it is to get quality ingredients, etc. He wants to know if you like quality food and if you are willing to pay for quality. Quality quality quality. Quality. At first I found this a little off-putting but now I find it an endearing feature of the experience. He clearly cares a lot about what he does and as long as you don't take the conversation too seriously it'll be fine. 
My one MAJOR caveat for this place is do NOT try to eat here if you are very particular about your food. He gives you what he gives you and isn't going to be making anything specific to your tastes. It's also very hard to predict how spicy his food will be -- usually it's relatively mild but occasionally it can get quite hot. I wouldn't count on being able to get a description before getting served, so only venture here if you are fairly flexible about the flavor profile of what you are getting. I also might suggest shying away if you have food allergies. 
That said, if you can get past this you are in for a really flavorful meal at a good value!The days that I get to go to the falafel truck at lunch always feels so special. I've never waited in line less than 45 minutes, so I can only make the trip on days that I know I have plenty of free time for lunch. It's quite an experience and the food is amazing. I'll just reiterate some of what others have already said... the cook is a real character so the experience can be intimidating if you don't know what to do. 
The truck is located on the Northeast corner of 20th and Market, next to an empty lot. You'll recognize the truck because it will have a long line, smoke pouring out of the top, and decorations on the front of the truck including plants and garlic. The truck wasn't there the first few times I tried to go, so I'm not sure if he goes on vacation at some point. Also keep in mind that even if the line doesn't look that long, it takes a lot of time; maybe 5 minutes per person that's in front of you. 
While you wait in line, he will offer you a cup of delicious soup that you should take and enjoy. I don't know exactly what it is, but it tastes like pumpkin or some other type of squash. Once you get to the front of the line, you don't need to order. You just take what he gives you and pay $10. You usually get hummus, falafel, chicken, two side items like rice or grains or vegetables, fruit, a piece of bread or pita, and a drink of the cook's choosing. It's an unbelievable amount of food for $10, and it's all amazing! I wish I knew what the chicken is marinated in, because it's truly the best chicken I've ever had. The hummus is especially good too. It's really creamy. I normally eat half of it at lunch and put the rest in the fridge... and then go back to it around 4 PM because I can't resist it. And you'll smell like garlic for the rest of the day, so it's a constant reminder that delicious leftovers are waiting for you. 
The cook is actually friendly, as long as you don't question the food. He'll usually make some light conversation and talk a lot about the quality of the food. Just listen, smile, and agree and you'll be ok.Fantastic find... Soup Nazi best describes this man... he is definitely passionate about his food art and will not sway from his way. Every ingredient in the meal is fresh. Also do note that this a "get what you get" place. There is only one item on be menu each day,and the item changes everyday, the only consistency with this place is that it serves Grilled Chicken and falafel everytime. Expect a long wait, got there at 12:30p and didn't get food until 1:20p. But while waiting in line , got to chatting with some regulars and the food is said to be fantastic everyday. 
Happy Eatings! CASH ONLY spot and bring your own fork. Oddly they don't provide utensils nor napkins just a styrofoam box and the food inside of itGrilled to perfection with really tasty spicy sauce. Found out my man's age today and if this food is his fountain of youth then expect me there as a regular!This truck, with its operator, is great for its uniqueness that goes along with the normally great food: chicken falafel. Down sides: when he started out around 10 years ago, the sandwiches were actually reasonably priced at around $4. Now, it's $9 with a tip jar.  Still, the food is good and the experience is worth it at once. Another down side is having to overhear the people blabbing away in line.Waited for half an hour but so worth it! Very good quality and interesting mix of food that comes with large serving.What a deal!  For only $5 I got rice, grilled chicken, falafel, tahini, salad, and cheese cubes.  Then, the falafel guy put about 4 different sauces on it, and handed it to me.  No menus, and I didn't have to wait in line (I went around 1:30).  The food was delicious.  The falafel was crunchy and sweet, the chicken was blackened/grilled and tasted very good and charcoaly.  The sauces made everything taste great.  I plan on returning as many times as my waistline allows.Finally made it to the famed falafel truck.  I believe the official name is Christos's Falafel.  I'd heard the stories and knew that I should plan to wait and just trust in what he is serving.
Turns out you don't even order here.  Little was said to anyone during my visit.  "Gus" cooks, refills the charcoal in his grill, and serves up falafel, grilled chicken, and salads/sides.  There's no menu. Walk up to the truck, and he'll put together a styrofoam container of everything unless you specify that you want a sandwich.  Otherwise, you need not say a word.  He didn't even ask me for money, assuming I already knew the price (it's not posted anywhere).  
My plate was $10 and could easily feed two.  The chicken was flavorful, covered in spices. The salad was fine, with fresh green lettuce, a bean dish, and something tropical I couldn't identify (was that plantain?).  My palate was confused after all the Greek-style meat.
But the falafel...oh, the falafel.  It was unlike anything I've eaten.  It was so bright--there are a lot of fresh herbs in there.  It was light and airy yet crispy on the outside. The texture was unusual but excellent.  I can't for the life of me figure out what it is that makes it so different. Does he whip the bean mixture first?   Whatever it is, it works.This truck never disappoints. The best grilled chicken and homemade falafel I've ever had. Don't question anything....just get what he gives you...he even makes the pasta from scratch. Get there early to avoid the long lines....Yum!The food is worth the wait. Legit charcoal grilled chicken with falafel in a delicious sauce topped with fruit that is the best combination of flavors.  Very fresh.  I will try to go again a bit earlier.This truck is something to experience. The portions are massive for $10 and the food is cooked with heart. I really enjoyed his chicken. Only downside is the wait. If there are about 8 people in line ahead of you, expect about a 35-45min wait. Something to experience in Philly for sure!The reviews of this truck are right on the money.  His sandwiches and platters are well worth the money and they smell, look and taste unbelievable.  They owner is funny and loves to tell you how great his food is and how long it takes for him to prepare his "quality" ingredients.  But he is telling the truth.  Not only the best food truck, but easily one of the best places to eat lunch in the city.No Menu, No Drinks, and  it's the BEST Truck food you'll ever have!!! You might not know what you are getting but it will be amazing. He doesn't sell beverages so pick one up on your way. Don't try to get 2 because you'll be sure to get yelled at and the rest of the 20 people waiting patiently in line with hear about it too. Basically the Soup Nazi. of carts lol. Worth every bit of the wait. And you won't be able to stop thinking about that food. I'm so glad he's back. :)Yea - hands down AMAZING. You will wait in line about 20-30 minutes, and if you weren't hungry before you got in line, the smell will drive you insanely hungry. The cooked food is fresh. Part of the reason you stand in line for so long is because you see him cooking your meats. You see it coming out of the bag, you see it going from raw to cooked, and you see the CHARCOALS underneath the chicken!
He serves only one thing and that is his falafel and grilled chicken with mixed vegies and tahini/chummus, some kind of rice (orzo), and the bread product (pita bread, french baguette, etc).  On occassion he will grill up a fruit (e.g., peach) and put that in there.
The truck is also very clean. Look around where the food is being grilled...realize he does this everyday and look how clean the truck is.
It's a lot of food for $8 - I can never finish it all and I'm a big guy.
The owner is also funny - a bit bonkers - but funny. Get him talking (doesn't take much) and he won't stop. As you leave, the conversation will flow over to the next person in line.
Go there at least once - and you will most likely go again.Worth the 10$ and worth the wait. Best food truck in Philly bar none.If you like Mediterranean/Middle Eastern cuisine, eat hereIt was a long wait, but totally worth it. $10 cash gets you a ton of delicious food. 
Don't go if you're picky. He'll give you whatever he's making that day and that's it.  Today I got a couple falafels, sweet grilled chicken, a hunk of bread a scoop of diced fruit, some sort of chickpea/hummus stuff, spicy rice, and another sauce I don't know what it was because I suck at food but it was delicious.
DO go if you think you'll be amused by whatever rant he has picked out for the day. Today I received a rant about how he makes special food that will make your hurts go away and some people don't understand how unique and special his food is, and if they want other food they can go somewhere else in the city. I was amused.I go here maybe 2 times a week for lunch.  It's always charcoal fored chicken with differant sides everyday  for just $7.00. 
It's always delicious and a great value.  Try it once and you will be hooked like i am. The line gets long , so get thier before noon or after 1;30 if your in a rush.This food truck was an excellent change of pace for lunch!
I am an adventurous eater, but not really sure what Falafel man threw in the styrofoam container. I couldn't understand a word he said and all I could make out was chicken and Falafel in my plate. I mixed it all together and ate it and recommend you do the same because the flavor was strong and lasting. He has some jar of spices he throws on the chicken then sprinkles on the dish when he is done; I can make out garlic for sure but wasn't sure of the rest. Just make sure you have gum for the second half of your work day.
For $9 I had enough food for lunch and dinner but ate it all for lunch. The secret ingredient (feels like Iron Chef) was apples the day we went. The apple was transformed into a Mediterranean salad. It was soft and juicy. 
There is no menu because he only serves one type of plate a day. Just wait in line and do what everyone else does then enjoy!
I subtracted one star because these food trucks are economical, but need to stop using styrofoam. Green peace people!Ventured out in the cold today and figured I would try this truck since the line was pretty short and usually there's a bit of a wait. I was not disappointed. He gave everyone a cup of the warm sauce to sip on while we waited - also shout out to CVS for allowing us to wait in their atrium and not kicking us out. The sauce was gingery and spicy and fresh. The chicken is grilled and has a nice smokey flavor and the falafel is probably the the best I've ever had. The dish also came with blackberries and grapes which I thought was odd but when you ate it all combined in the dish it was actually really delicious. I went with a friend who also really liked it but the sauce did get a little too spicy for her after a while but I loved it.
I used to live in Portland, OR and there is a pretty famous thai chicken and rice truck there where she makes one dish and one dish only - the owner even did a Ted Talk. Her idea was to make one dish and only make that one dish really, really well. This truck is sort of the same deal with some small variations.The number one rule of the smoke truck is, you don't piss off the chef. The number two rule of the smoke truck is, you don't piss off the chef. YES, being a part of this food truck secret is just as good as being in fight club. I would even argue that it's better! This food truck is hands down, the best bang for buck food truck in the city. The chef is an awesome man who is extremely particular about the quality of his ingredients. He truly treats cooking and his food as art. To repeat, he treats his food as art! Meaning, he is just as particular as some artists you may know. Therefore, I advise that you not aggravate him by attempting to tailor your order in any way. Just wait in line, pay your 10 dollars, say thank you, and grab your food. Things to note: bring your own silverware. You pay with 10$ CASH. There is a limit of one plate per person. This is an approximation, but wait time is ~3.5 minutes per person in line. So the food: every single food group is included in your menu. The chicken is charcoal cooked to perfection, then overlaid with a ginger-squash sauce that has a little bit of kick to it. The chef makes his own noodles and piles them on top of that. A green vegetable is then added to round out the flavor, and the meal is topped off with grapes. Utter perfection! Please enjoyEach ingredient he adds to your plate is like a note on a music sheet creating a musical melody in my mouth. I have been coming to this truck for 2 years and each time is like the first. I treat every bite like its my last. $10 for an experience. I'll be back again next week. Yum yum !!!!!I had been on a quest for this elusive falafel truck for many months. The exotic locale and precious few hours open make it quite difficult for me to reach, but I had read so much about this enigmatic vehicle that I waited patiently for a chance to escape the laboratory for the express purpose of discovering this fabled cuisine. 
During my first attempt, I arrived at 1:15, which is not such an unreasonable hour of the afternoon. There were approximately 5 falafel seekers ahead of me, but alas, I was told he would not be serving any more customers that day. Bollocks! My plans were foiled, and the mythical falafel had evaded me. 
I anxiously awaited another opportunity to seek this supposed holy grail of middle eastern food. The second time I arrived at 11:30, and was forced to wait interminably. But wait I did, suffering through fathomless prattle from the proprietor, to which I politely smiled and nodded in response. Finally, my toils (and currency) were justly rewarded with a heavy platter of delicious-smelling sustenance. 
- end dramatization - 
It was a lot of food, but also kind of expensive at $10 a platter. As the guy said, you could pay a lot more at a restaurant for food like that. True, but this is a food truck and not a restaurant. The chicken and rice truck in New York is about half the price and twice the deliciousness. 
Most of it tasted good, even really good, but nothing was particularly outstanding except for maybe the grape-and-other-unidentifiable-things-salad, which was very interesting in flavor. Everything else was a little too garlicky even for my taste, and I'm the kind of person who could snort garlic powder. Also, the chicken and falafel were both too burnt, and I generally like a little charred flavor. 
It may be worth noting that my friend politely asked several times if it would be possible to bring another platter back for someone else. He began to babble about a liquor license and something about drinks. I'm not sure if he legitimately doesn't have a firm grasp of the English language, or if he was consciously choosing to ignore her question by rudely changing the subject and feigning incomprehension. 
Was it good? Sure. Was it worth all that time, effort, and money on my part? Maybe not. Still, the falafel nazi is worth trying at least once, as long as it's not too out of the way for you.I was looking for the famous falafel truck and knew I found it when I saw a long line and a smoke cloud filling the air with the sweet smell of grilled chicken. I was told not to ask for anything and not to order more than one platter. So when it was my turn I gave him 10 dollars, received a platter and walked away. Apparently the menu changes everyday, on this particular day I got grilled chicken, some delicious chickpea rice, grapes, beet hummus, falafels and a piece of bread. 
Where do I start? It was awesome, I dunked the bread in the hummus, I had spoonfuls of chicken rice and grapes that gave a sweet and savory taste that made me the happiest person in the world.
This place is open between 11-3:30, not working in the city makes it virtually impossible to eat here, I got lucky because I had a vacation day. I feel like I made the most out of a random Wednesday vacation day!What more can you say, food is great, high quality and heathy!  Line takes a long time but what can you do, worth the wait for sure!Finally had the chance to check out the infamous "falafel cart Nazi" at 20th and Market. What an experience!
If you're not familiar, this guy has been in this area for close to 10 years, maybe longer, and he has a reputation for making high end restaurant quality meals with whatever he's got in the cart that day. There's no menu. No alterations, unless you want all veg. No bag. No utensils. Just the ridiculous meal (about 2 lbs. of food), all for $10.
Today, he had fresh made turmeric semolina pasta in a slightly sweet and spicy sauce that I can't quite pinpoint is the base, with freshly grilled chicken, the most perfect falafel, grilled peach, strawberries, grapes, and sprouts / micro greens.
The balance of flavors and textures from the platter blew me away. The sweetness from the sauce and fruits on the front end is brought back a bit when the spices from the falafel and chicken and the smokiness from the charred bits from the grilled chicken and peach kick in.
What a meal (honestly, two meals), for $10!
Also, if you plan on checking out his cart make sure you have a little extra time because there will be a line, and he only makes one platter per person at a time.Worth the wait! I got homemade noodles, I think some were sweet potato noodles. 
The best falafel I've ever had! Melts in your mouthChristos gets 5 stars for his amazing falafel as well as the entertainment value he provides.  If you dont know, and I am sure you do, this guy is Philly's version of the falafel "nazi".  Walk up.  Order "Chicken or No", Salad or Sandwich and put your money under the garlic clove.  After that just sit back and enjoy.  What he provides you with from a food perspective is an aromatic chicken with greens and wonderful herby light falafel balls with a wonderful sauce.  What he provides from an entertainment perspective is pure genius.  Make sure you ask for more of something.  The rant is a cross between the Soup Nazi character and Lewis Black.  Make sure you patronize this guy, he works hard, puts out great food and is there day after day non stop.Had such a delightful time discovering Gus and his amazing food truck. Delicious food, and felt like I was unlocking a mystery learning how to order and line up!Whenever I've walked past the corner of 20th and Market at lunchtime, I've been distracted by the amazing smell of grilled meat. There are no menus on the cart. Not even a sign. Let me tell you: the Soup Nazi references are not ungrounded. You don't order. You get a cup of soup and are told to stand back and wait your turn. When it comes, you walk up to the cart  and he talks about "quality" while preparing your meal. When he's done, you pay him $10, take the box containing your delicious, eccentric meal of the day, thank him, and go your way. 
Grilled meat, falafel, rice, greens, fruits, quite a few condiments: sounds simple, tastes amazing. You will come back.Best food in the city. This is where I go to get my medicine a few days a week. 
Only the best ingredients make it into his dishes, and it's going to be different each time you're there. The best grilled chicken, the best falafel, and the best of whatever he picked out at the market on a given day to put together the perfect platter every single time.
Just get in line with $10 cash and have faith.This is hands down the best Mediterranean/Greek food cart in the Phila area. The lines are long sometimes, but really worth the wait if you don't have to rush back to work. For $10 you get a sizable portion and variety of mediterranean delights including the scrumptious falafel. There is no menu, as he serves only one platter and he does it very well!! He can be a bit talkative, and may have some rules...but it adds to the experience. A must try if you are a foodie in Phila!I LOVE Gus's food, it is the best you will ever eat from a food truck, but I must admit, with him no longer serving the Falafel's, it does take a little something away from the overall dish.  He made the BEST falafel's I've ever tasted.  I sure hope he will reconsider adding them back to the menu.  I'm also not buying the story of the machine being broke, I believe he stopped serving the falafel's based off of someone's review, which I totally believe was not true, saying they had hair in it.  I've been eating off this truck for 18 years, and never had a problem.  Gus, please bring back the falafel's!By far the best food truck I have ever had! It was so much food for $10! The falafel were absolutely amazing and so was the chicken!The figs were so good. Let me start with that. I'm sure the other reviews will mention how the menu works. Set menu, one price ($10 cash). The line doesn't look long but it moves slow. But the food is worth it. He's so nice and talkative too. The food has a genuine char flavor that is awesome. Falafel balls, fruits and watercress. The whole mix was artful. So good. Def would go back.Delicious, fresh and cheap. Not greasy, which I really appreciate.Really great food. This place always draws me in just by smell. Long line around lunch so be prepared for that if you don't have a lot of time. If you are looking for a standard falafel then go down the street to Mama's but if you are looking for falafel or shish dressed up and with a few amazing twists than it is completely worth it. The portion is HUMONGOUS and always filled with fresh veggies. Great food, great guy.Just crossed off another Philadelphia "must-do" - the food cart. 
After wandering around center city amidst the wafting smells of cheese steaks, falafel, and Chinese food, my roommate and I decided on the Mediterranean food cart on the corner of 20th and market which, at prime lunch time, was encircled by an army of hungry professionals.
And for good reason. This guy is not messing around. Juicy, tender chicken on a bed of fresh greens, macaroni salad, sliced apples and topped with a few pieces of crispy fried falafel. 
To.
Die.
For. 
Oh and the man behind it all--a riot.  From his fully adorned food cart lined with garlic cloves and hanging plants, the blaring traditional Greek music, and the constant reminder that "you eat this food, you'll never get sick" --what a character.
Food portions were huge too, definitely enough food to split with a friend which makes the semi-hefty $13 price tag worth it.  In any event, the meal was freaking awesome. Three hours later and I'm prettttty sure I'm still in a food coma.My first time here - great great food! Love it! I was the second in the line but still waited for 20 mins. That's how good the food is.Best food truck in Philly. The food is gourmet, chicken is grilled to perfection, and falafel is amazing. Worth the wait and well worth the money ($10, cash only). 
The chef only makes one dish per day, but I'm sure all are delicious. I've been here twice, both times there was grilled chicken, falafel, greens, and grapes. Once there was pasta, and the other time there was rice. Sauces were different, both were delicious. Second time there were also blueberries and a whole apricot! 
Be sure to get there early, because he does run out and starts to turn people away. And bring utensils and drinks. 
As previous reviews have stated, you could pay way more at a restaurant and get less food that isn't as delicious!Haven't been to this truck in some years... rarely downtown at lunch. No menu... no signs... had to be the Falafel Guy. Freshly made falafel with garlic, guy described every topping as falafel fried. Couscous, hummus with poblano, but the most incredible addition... sliced grapes. 
Taste Perfection. $4.Amazing. Worth the wait (30-40 min at 12:30 midweek)--it doesn't hurt to bring some friends to pass the time! But hey, you're coming here for the experience. May want to avoid if you're a picky eater because there's no menu, and it seems like he throws in whatever he feels like that day. The food was so much better and more unique/interesting than the other food trucks around, and tasted really fresh! Looks like he puts falafel in everything, and that falafel was incredible. Go for it!Definitely a different twist on falafel that you'll find anywhere else in the city.  This guy knows a thing or two about flavors!I don't even know how to describe this. It's like asking Harry Potter to review the first time he entered Diagon Alley. If I wanted to keep this the best kept lunch secret in Philly, I would just say it was a Mediterranean food truck. In fact this is the meal you wish you had the last time you paid +$200 at that fancy restaurant. And you walk/roll away from this actually full, not just pretending to be full. 
Today's plate is chicken grilled to perfection over charcoal, the tastiest most crunchy falafel freshly fried in front of you, homemade pasta, fresh AF watercress, grilled garlic scapes, blackberries, grapes, and magic garlicky sauce. There's at least 3lbs of food in here. And served with a kiss;p
This is my first time meeting Gus, thanks to my runger. And my world is forever changed.I would venture to say you will not find as unique of food at any food truck. He cares about making a complete, quality meal. I just followed what the person in front of me did an magically got a delicious, heaping plate of food. It was great.This is the same as the "Falafel Cart" reviews - same guy on 20 & Market.
Line down the block.
You get what you get - and it's usually good - but I like Mama's better,
Meanwhile, people LOVE this cart.Okay, I hesitate to review this because I'm not sure I want everyone knowing about this awesome truck. The first time I was intrigued that everyone was standing in line and no one knew what they were getting. Gus told me he was one of the best and that if I don't like I don't come back. Well I said what the hell. I tried it and loved it the first time. Got three meals off on one platter. Wen there today since we were not busy at work and again it was great. Got enough for lunch tomorrow!!! It was amazing!!!! My favorite part is the grilled chicken. I like it because he uses charcoal!!!The chef evidently enjoys what he does and it really shows in his product: your lunch. Today was my first time getting food from this truck and there was about a 30 minute wait. The food today was pasta with chicken, topped off with grapes, blueberry, and apricot. 
Needless to say the food was delicious. I ate it all in one sitting even though the portion was huge!
The chef is very enthusiastic and wants to talk to you as well.This cart is worth the visit/10 bucks. The guy himself is worth the 10 bucks because he's a pure crack up.Funny yet strange. The Chicken is good and so are the falafels. the rice and yogurt sauce, well its OK, I have had better...Its true , he has no menu. I had the nerve to ask for 2 orders. He did not like that , He said that he'll sell me 2 orders only because it was my first time. But he gave me lecture about ordering 2. But he had no problem in takeing my 20 bucks. He was driping in sweat and he was even eating chicken off the grill while talking to me.I doubt that I'll ever go back. But for some reason I found it to be fun.While I enjoyed the experience of the falafel truck, I wasn't blown away by the food.
The line really does take a long time, but we enjoyed the soup to hold us through our wait on a cold and windy day.
I'm vegetarian and was given basically an assortment of sides. The falafel was good, but not as good as Mama's Vegetarian.  Then I had a somewhat sweet pasta salad with grilled grapes and two kinds of bread that had been heated on the charcoal in the truck so long that they were overwhelmingly smokey.
I always enjoy the smell of the truck as I walk by, and I will probably give it another try, but I'm guessing the food is better if you get the chicken.From the rustic bells hanging from the beautiful stainless-steel cart to the garlic surrounding the counters, to the music and singing and dancing of the chef -- you know you have stepped into a special microcosm divorced from its surroundings, then the food, warm pungent deep-green falafel, charred, perfectly-spiced chicken, amazingly fresh salad with large green grapes that look like they were picked from his own garden.
In return, you have to learn and accept the rules of this mad genius of food.  Pay attention to the patrons before you then go boldly to your turn.  Don't ask for Hummus unless you want to be banished to Mama's.Sweet falafel adventure explosion!
Hot damn cornucopia of deliciousness!
I love this little plant-friendly cart.  I love the singing, smiling man behind the cart. I love his delicious falafel constructions.  This place isn't for the weak-hearted or the tender-stomached.  Be prepared to reek of garlic for the remainder of the day so co-workers be warned.   
Perfect green fafalel balls and char-grilled chicken and every time a different mix of delicious components, be it a beet hummous, a mix bag of salads, a myriad of vegetables and fruits, raw or cooked or both, coucous and a melting fusion of sauces and who-knows-what- all I know is that the finished product is a marriage of taste perfection.
Falafel truck does abide by a couple strict rules, only two items either a sandwich or a platter can be ordered here, and only one item per person.  The wait on certain days can be lengthy so come early.
And yes, $10 is a bit steep (why does he keep raising the prices?) but it's worth it.  His food is so scrumptious, and the portions massive so you'll be stuffed, guaranteed .  
Best Cart/Truck food in Philadelphia, no question.If you live/work in center city and haven't had lunch here, I feel bad for you. You'll pay what he says, and you'll get what you get. You won't be disappointed. Falafel, smoky grilled chicken, wonderful fresh salads and sides--riffs on all of these as the best ingredients are available. Oh, and it's a gem, but not a totally hidden gem. Endure the line. It'll be worth it.I have wanted to try this cart for AGES and he did not disappoint. The wait was really no longer than any of the other food carts, and the food quality was KILLER. Perfectly grilled chicken, saffron rice with chickpeas and spices, wonderful falafel, amazing hummus (I'm very picky about hummus), and WATERCRESS (mmmmspicygreens). Honestly, split it with a friend. It'll be PLENTY. I couldn't finish the rice, there was so much of the rest. $10 well spent. I will be back.Well worth the wait for an ever-changing selection of grains/pastas, flavorful hummus sauces, and pieces of fruit, over which he places a generous portion of marinated char-grilled chicken and four garlicky falafels.  He then ladles a spicy sauce over the hefty meal and crowns it with a handful of fresh leafy greens.  All the flavors and textures are balanced perfectly. High-protein, low-carb, healthy, and satisfying. It is the best lunch in town!Octopus Falafel Truck is an amazing concept! One man show cooking up whatever he feels that day, usually a gourmet chicken and rice dish. Today it was with a turmeric ginger sauce with blackberries, grilled peaches and asparagus. The portions are HUGE!! I could make 2-3 servings from this so it is a great value for $10. 
I got there at 11:50am (he opens at 12pm) and there was already 12 people on line waiting. He's located on 20th and Market on the northeast corner in an unmarked food truck. He makes each persons dish one by one and calls you up when the platter is ready. Took about 35 minutes to get my food - a bit lengthy since most people are using their lunch break to come here. 
Overall, the food was delicious. The sauce with the rice and chicken was my favorite part. The blackberries added a great sweet component. The larger asparagus could have been cooked a bit longer as well as the peaches. 
I will definitely be visiting again to give it another go as I want to try his hummus and falafel and wish him the best of luck on his amazing, fresh food!Just eat whatever he gives you.  If you can't go every day...go at least once.  Don't be scared off by a line...that just means its worth it.I am a picky eater.  There are too many things that put me off with food.  I am, however, compelled to come here and accept whatever is being made that day.  I am not a fan of falafel but find these delicious and the chicken is very, very good here too.  What ever else is being served on any given day is good too.  I don't even know what it is, but it's so good, I eat it.
It is obvious this man puts a lot of work into making sure his rig is as clean as possible.  His rig looks spotless.  Also obvious is his talent at food preparation.  I had to wait about 30 minutes for my turn at a plate of food.  One person, one plate.  That's the way he does it.  It takes about 3 minutes per person and I was tenth in line.  Worth the wait?  Yes!  I've been told he runs out of food about 2pm give or take.  I am looking forward to my next visit.It would be wrong to put this in the same category as common street food. Be prepared to wait, but know that it is well worth it.I would be perfectly content to eat a platter from Gus' falafel truck every single day. A couple of co-workers introduced me to his food a while ago, and I have been several times since. At first, I was really nervous because they forewarned me of Gus' particularity when it comes to proper "ordering etiquette." By now, I've realized that Gus is just an eccentric guy who appreciates good food and loves to share it with others. He chats extensively about the "quality" of his food....quality quality quality....but I have to hand it to the guy - he's earned it. With garlic bulbs and plants decorating the truck as its only identifiable aspect, there is an element of mystery, which I tend to enjoy. There's no menu and you will never get the same thing twice, which is part of the appeal. About his food - you get chicken, falafel, hummus, a grain, and veggie/fruit combo of sorts, with a piece of bread or pita, but he always switches up the variety. His chicken is charcoal-grilled and marinated to perfection, hence why you can smell his cooking from blocks away. If you are a garlic lover, you will be impressed with his falafel. It is SO garlicky and so amazing. I'm not usually a hummus lover, but this hummus is creamy and rich. Here are some of the different components I have been given: grilled grapes, avocado salad, fresh strawberries and bananas, watercress, grilled asparagus, a tomato tahini dipping sauce, a dessert hummus, and a fresh golden beet salad. For grains: cous cous, pasta, rice pilaf, quinoa, buckwheat, or any other type of grain. There wasn't a single dish I was upset with.
I can rave about the food for hours, but I'm equally excited about the value! You get a huge platter (the amount of food usually lasts for 2 reasonably sized meals), with plenty of charcoal-grilled, marinated chicken, some sort of grain (usually pasta or rice), a fruit or vegetable combination of his choice, and a wild card (usually either another fruit or vegetable, a sauce, or something completely different you've never seen before). Sometimes, he serves a drink of his choice with the platter, too. When it's cold out, he also provides free, homemade soup for his shivering customers, which I find to be the most endearing aspect of his customer service. Many other reviews find fault with the quality of customer service here, but I just can't be upset with a cup of soup in the cold, a drink, and a huge plate of for that price, and some entertaining chatter. 
Eat what he gives you and you will not be disappointed. Biggest bang for your buck at just $10. And if you don't believe me, just ask any customer waiting on line in the worst weather conditions for 45+ minutes.Best falafel I've ever tasted! It honestly lasts me two meals so $5 per meal is great. The chicken is flavored great and he puts a sauce on every day as well.Enormous platter for 10$. You get so much food. The food is really good, packed with flavor. I ate there twice, I didn't order anything specific I just accepted what he gave me and I had no complaints either time. I had chicken, hummus, bread, a chickpea dish and an orange.
The man loves to talk as he cooks, he's very friendly with a big personality.
The line is long, there is so much smoke coming off the truck that as you wait in line your clothes will smell like this smoke all day. 
The line takes a good half hour at least, but worth the wait!I left Philly for good a while back and this guy has raised the bar of a good falafel soo high for me, that I dont like any falafel I have :( I'm too spoilt. 
He has the most flavorful falafels with very creative and complimenting side dishes. Enjoy you ppl in Philly!This truly is the best food truck in Philadelphia. I love watching the grill master go to work as he prepares each serving completely fresh and unique every day. Hard to know exactly what he's going to provide on any given day, so those with food restrictions/allergies should be aware, but those without: you're in for a treat! The hummus built in to most of the dishes is often slightly sweet, largely from the garlic mixed in, and it fantastic! The falafels are the best in Philadelphia (yes, better than Mama's, which is great) that I have had, but it's the fresh cooked meat each day that is truly fantastic. The chicken is always tender and loaded with flavor. 
Pro tip: Cash only, and don't stand in the middle of the sidewalk or too close to the cart. You will get chastised. Otherwise, he is a very nice man!This guy has a lot of nerve - but the food is worth the wait and the lecture.A slice of pizza is lunch.  A hoagie is lunch.  Falafel from Supercart is a force of nature, a tsunami cleverly disguised as ground up, deep fried chickpeas.  
As such, eating here is not to be undertaken lightly.  Set aside about half an hour to wait in line, half an hour to eat, and a week or so to recover.  
You can order either a sandwich or the platter, though the sandwich is just a platter wrapped in pita.  The exact contents of either is best left unknown, but always seems to involve falafel and chicken, along with some sort of starch.  On separate occasions I've gotten rice, bowtie macaroni and what I believe (without evidence) was couscous.  To top it off there's generally some sort of vegetable, sauce, spices and a few pieces of fruit thrown in.   
One last note, don't eat more than one a month.  A fellow I know did, and he hasn't been quite the same ever since.I was really intimidated to come here, since other reviews said he may be grumpy and will send you to the back of the line, but not the case!! He talked about quality, quality, quality, and freshness. 
Came at 11:30 on a Monday, one guy just got his food so there were two people in front of me. Line got long REALLY quickly, by the time I left (11:42) there were 12 people in line. 
Chicken - So soft and tender chicken, ahhhhmazing charcoal taste, and the amount of chicken(!!!) 
Falafel - crispy and FULL of flavor 
Pasta - a little too soft and mushy for me but goes perfectly with the chicken 
Dates - super super super sweetDelicious food, and the man who runs this cart is great! He is nice, generous, and makes a lot of jokes when he's not too busy. 
There is no menu cause you just get what he's serving. It varies day to day, but definitely includes a few falafel (which I thought were great, really garlicky!), the rice of the day (I've had like a tomatoey rice with peas, or combination white & wild rice), hummus, watercress, and charcoal-fired chicken.
Yes, he grills over charcoal in his tiny food truck (!!!), which also is impeccably clean, festooned with probably 100 garlic bulbs, some healthy looking plants, has a radio playing Greek music, and smells mouthwatering from 3-4 blocks away. If you've walked through the area around lunchtime in the summer, this is the truck you are smelling. Once I brought a container home, and it emanated that same delicious grilled kebab scent all the way home on the trolley.
It's a tiny bit more expensive than many food trucks ($7), but you get a piece of fruit, a roll or pita, and a LOT of food. I ate as much as I could, felt completely full, and it looked like I had only eaten half of my styrofoam container. Totally recommend!!This is my second visit here. One tip, before you decide to come here make sure you give 1hr enough to get your food. Cart located near 20th and Ludlow st. There is no menu, serves only one meat that is chicken. You can tell him to make vegeterian if you want. Now the food, one of the best and juiciest chicken I have ever tasted. Everyday the menu is different. Gus the chef he prepares the chicken fresh in front of you. It's 10$ cash. Get a mix of all the flavour, with chicken, fruits and falafel. Totally Worth the wait.I happened to find this truck by accident and was drawn to it because of the lovely flowers and plants on display in front. 
I want to love this food truck because it has an air of mystery (no written menu!) and is run by a couple of fun characters, but the sauce was too spicy/garlicky and I did not care for the homemade pasta/spaghetti that came with my falafel. I asked for no chicken, so I only got the falafel, which was excellent (except it was doused in that overly spicy sauce that leaves a gasoline taste in your mouth for hours). And who serves pasta with falafel? The fresh greens served on top were delicious. I'm not sure what they were but they were yummy. Also, the red grapes sprinkled throughout were a great touch and added a succulent, sweet taste to the dish.
The guys in the truck were so friendly and nice, and I know a lot of people love this truck, but I wish the food preparers gave you a little more control over what you want. They do seem a little Soup Nazi-esque in that regard.Well worth the wait. There isn't a place in center city with more flavorful food. All of the ingredients are fresh and he takes pride in his product. My first time visiting was last week and I'm hooked. There's so much character to the meals and enough to go back for seconds or thirds.I was so surprised the line was short for me today to be able to get the food.  You get so much food for 10 bucks and it's so delicious.  You have to try it when you have time to wait in the line.Enjoy some really good food while it lasts!  A city air quality inspector stopped by today while I was there and told Gus that there were numerous complaints about the smoke from his cart.  She took down all his operator/cart license info and took lots of pictures of the smoke from all sides.  Said she wasn't sure how they'd proceed, whether it would be forcing him to switch from charcoal to gas or shutting him down completely.  Can't imagine the chicken without that smoky taste.After reading multiple good reviews about this truck and then seeing it constantly pop up in my Highest Rated list on Yelp, my brother and I decided to make our way out the Falafel Truck for lunch...
Food: 4.5 stars
Its a food truck, so how high quality can the food be??  This is why the truck is so unique.  The ingredients are high quality, well prepared and served in generous portions.
Word to the first timers about ordering...
There are 2 plates on the menu.  Falafel Platter or Falafel Platter with Chicken.  There is no menu up or signs indicating what they serve.
The chicken is really a home-run.  Made with a great marinade, they shine.
Service: 2.5 stars
The owner of the truck and chef is a little different.  He is very forward and loves to engage in conversation and banter.  It can be a little excessive at times but its entertaining, too.  His service was prompt and on point.
Location: 3.0 stars
20th and Market St. on the North side of Market.  You'll see the smoke billowing from the truck...
Price: 4.0 stars
$8 per platter and you only can get 1 per customer if its busy.
Ambiance: 3.5 stars
The truck itself is unique, covered in plants and garlic clovers.  Its obviously a truck so its grab your food and go.  If you aren't taking it back to work, I would recommend a walk to Rittenhouse Park for lunch outside.
**Overall: 3.5 stars
The food is delicious and its quick.  Great for the work crowd and those that can get out to the truck for lunch.  Will definitely go back again.When I worked on 19th I went here all the time to get my Quality. You dont go here for customer service so stop complaining people, its not that deep. Just go and get your fresh delicious food.The chef is a true genius when it comes to falafel, chicken and preparing food in the truck. The line is long but it is well worth the wait.I went there yesterday based on the previous reviews, the food was amazing....especially the grilled chicken. But, the best part was the line......the people (who all seemed to be regulars) could not have been nicer. The man in front of me gave me his spot so that I could try and avoid a parking ticket. I should have paid for his lunch! Instead I made a donation to "Emily's Medical Costs and Funeral" on GoFundMe. People of Philly......the best.Gus is amazing. His food's amazing and he takes great pride in his bold, novel creations each day. His food explodes with flavor, and it's wrapped up in great care. He's also got a mind like a steel trap. I didn't go see him for easily over a year (I was traveling a lot), and when I went back, he asked me about my yoga classes that I teach.  When I think about the thousands of plates he's served up to the often long line in the interim, I was amazed he remembered me instantly.This is 138% the best food truck in Philadelphia. It is seriously worth the wait, and for those of you who work in center city--I'm incredibly jealous. I also had no idea it had a name until today! I usually just sniff it out. You seriously can smell it from like three blocks away. And that alone is impressive considering it cuts through the gross mashed potato smell of the city.
This is one of those, hand over $10 and get whatever is given to you type places. It's never bad, portions are always huge and it's just perfection in a styrofoam container. You get rice, amazingly tasty grilled chicken, falafel and whatever side dish of the day is. The man serving the food will ramble to any guest that comes up, and sometimes will give soup out on a cold day to wet your appetite.
I'm always so jealous of my boyfriend whenever he sends me pics of this delicious food. And most likely hold a grudge for about a day until he brings me leftovers.
Only complaint is please be around on weekends!!! I need your delicious food.From first glance it is easy to tell that this isn't your average food truck.  The seasonal flowers and fresh fruit and produce are not traditional food truck decor, but the charcoal grill is the best marketing tool he has.  You can smell the grill from blocks away.    It was the grill smoke that first brought me to this food truck.   There menu is made up of one option...  The lunch always includes grilled chicken and falafel.  Both are cooked very well but you must LOVE garlic to eat here.  The chicken is sprinkled with dry garlic and the falafel has garlic inside of it.   There is usually some sort of salad or rice that accompanies the falafel and chicken.   The menu changes constantly but if you look at the ingredients he has on display you can sometimes predict what will be on the menu in the coming days.   Overall the food is very good and you would never guess it was whipped up in a food truck.  
As you may of heard, the food is only half the experience.  The cook is quite the character and has many pet peeves.   He doesn't like too many questions, special orders, or people circling or investigating the truck.  It's best to get in line, pay, and say thank you and leave.  No questions no fuss!  Any question can quickly lead to a lecture on the quality of what he is preparing.  Some people don't know how to handle his enthusiasm and appear to be annoyed or offended when he goes off on a tangent.  Simply agree, smile, pay, and enjoy!Love the chicken!  The food for $8 is great...only problem is you need a nap after eating the food here.  Just take your boss with you and it'll be alright.My taste buds are happy, my mouth is on fire...this sums up the food that Chef K whips up in about 4 minutes for you. Expect to wait 30min, that's what it was for me, having 9 people in front. The food is amazing, the flavors will explode in your mouth and your belly will instantaneously thank you. What you get depends on the day, today the Chef made a plate of about a pound of food, comprised of pearl couscous, grilled peaches, cooked cactus (don't eat the skin, tastes like and looks like pomegranate), grilled chicken tikka, fried falafel (I think best I have had so far), and round noodles, all that wrapped up in spicy sauce. You don't get to choose so if you don't like surprises and spicy food, this might not be for you to try. I thought it was delicious.The food truck finally came back. I'm so excited!! The food is good as always!! It's a platter with chicken, falafel, hummus and other yummy stuff I don't really know what they are called. You really don't have to ask him what he has, cz the platter is really the only thing they sell. It is 10 dollars but huge portion. I always get deathly full. But it's really really good!!!! I waited like half an hour in line but it's totally worth it!! The truck is now located across the street from the original location, by the Starbucks, due to the construction.Does anyone have any idea where Chistos went?  The felafel truck has been MIA for the last month +.I've wanted to try this out for months but never could since he's always closed on weekends.  
But having taken off a few days for July 4th was able to come out here that Monday.  I walked up a little after 12:30pm and there were maybe 8/9 ppl ahead of me. The pace of the line was a standstill as this isn't fast food.  
I said hello when it was my turn and didn't get a response, but maybe cos I was new or cos he was focused on putting the meal together though he talked to a few of the other ppl who were ahead of me.  
He wished me a nice day when handing me the $10 mystery box and I was on my way to find utensils and napkins as this is not provided with the meal.  
Unsure what was in the box, it had chicken, sausage, tomatoes, rice I think, falafel ball, maybe a bean sprout?
Doesn't matter cos the shit is delicious and filling and for me worth the wait.  
I came back up 7/5 but later around 1:20 and was told that he didn't have enough for me, only enough for the guy ahead of me who was like 4 ppl in.  Ugh what a bummer lol. 
While I haven't tried Mamas Vegetarian, that is real close by should anyone not want to wait or should he run out of food before getting to you.  I should of tried this spot when he ran out my 2nd here but didn't have time. 
I would say this deserves the 4.5 overall rating.  And I like the idea of a delicious $10 mystery box. Hell im debating calling out this Monday now lolI love that he mentions quality to everyone.  everyone gets the same story, but man is the hot sauce hot and the food delicious.  very beautiful cart.Is run by an old guy with the old style of talking,  kinda nice to hear him talk.  He will likely ask you not to stand on one side of the van as he is frying falafel and does not want oil to fall on us. He also might say that such things can confuse his brain. One lady didn't want the plastic bag,  he refused and said no i can't do that,  i have to put a lot of things in the bag and then told her to enjoy the day.  Some people may not like that,  but i liked him, reminded me of my grand father.  Very nice guy with an old style of talking, he is not one of those guys who would put on a fake smile to his customers. Coming to food - it was yummy, worth 10$. The chicken was good, had the charcoal smell and tender.  Falafel was tasty too.  I give him 10 on 10.Way too expensive for cart food, the guy is sometimes annoying and hard to understand, it stinks the whole block up with garlic smell, you have no idea what he's putting in your platter or sandwich, the line moves slower than a glacier, and it's the best food in the city. Someone once asked me since I love it so much if it would be my death row meal and my reply was if I'm on death row it's probably because I killed someone for standing between me and this falafel.EXCELLENT food!!!! Just don't ask him any questions!!! I've never been disappointed. Get there early. The line is long but well worth the wait.I don't know how you can give this food anything less than 5 stars.  Sure he can be grumpy, sure he changes the price all the time, sure its a serious wait sometimes, but the food comes from this passion.  I like Gus, and I like his food.This is easily the best food truck in the city. Take it from a local.
 The man always Cooks chicken platters, they're always $10, he doesn't have a menu, and he doesn't have utensils.
His food truck is a work of art. You can stand in line (and you will unless you're very early). And in that line you can appreciate his fresh fruits, his fresh flowers and how the trend is the color purple, for example. The man is an artist.
And on top of that his food is incredibly delicious and oh so filling. Sure you can find something cheaper for $10 but this is really the size of two meals. 
Something you should understand is that he opens up around 11:30 and sometimes the line will form even before he starts. You want to get in line early because people will usually spend an hour waiting for his food. The reason for the long lines is that the nine-to-five workers along Market Street come out at the same time and sometimes are in groups of four or five or seven people. So you could end up first or you could end up eighth and depending on how fast you walk haha. Really check this place out. 
An example of what I got in the past is grilled marinated chicken with blueberries, plums, noodles and some really hot peppers. Be careful. Those Peppers killed me. But now I'm back and I'm eating more octopus falafel.Fresh, spicy and delicious. Well worth the wait. Flavorful and exotic. Will return...and return.If you told me there's a cart that doesn't have any menu, doesn't sell any drinks, and has a bunch of plants, garlic hanging all over, I'd say where is it?!   You really can't miss this truck because there's always smoke coming out and a bunch of plants.  
The line can get quite long so make sure you come here before noon to beat the rush.  You could wait until 20-30 minutes easy.  You don't even need to say anything when you get up to order, you just pay the man - sorta like the soup nazi. 
The ingredients are fresh and there's tons of flavor into the food.  For $7-8 bucks, you will always get a lot of charcoal grilled chicken with two falafel balls, pita, salad.  He mixes up the sides between rice, champagne grapes, corn on the cob, apples, etc.  
It's a really big meal and quite filling.  I've gotten some chicken that was very burnt so it wasn't that great.  But when it's grilled right, it's banging.  The falafel isn't the best - I'd probably go to Mama's right up the street.  But the mystique of what you're going to get is amazing and keeps me coming back.Hands down the best falafel in the city. Not only is it amazingly good but you get enough food for almost 2 meals and it's all for just $10.(this price has been stable for some time but it can vary. Safe bet would be to hand him a $20)  There's no ordering so you line up, receive your container, and pay but I've never had a bad experience from whatever he decided to dish up for the day. However, be warned, you will smell like char grilled chicken and garlic for the rest of the day. It's a small price to pay for this awesome food.
The only negative thing I'll say about this truck is that you should expect to wait.  He does not rush his food and if there are 10 people in line a 30+ minute wait is not out of the question. I've timed him at about 3-4 minutes an order.Food is so delicious! Fresh ingredients! Gus is an experience. The aroma makes you salivate. Worth the wait in line & when he calls out "No 1" & your up be ready to be falafel'ed.You know the soup guy from Seinfeld? Well, imagine the same experience, but with falafels and meat instead. What you need to know: $10 per dish, cash only, one dish person, the line is long, you have to ask for veg option early!
The owner of this food truck has been doing this for years, and it shows because he absolutely loves his job. His cart is decorated with fresh fruits and vegetables, and he'll dance around in his cart, take small bites from his own creation from time to time, and create a concoction that is different every day of the week, with a particular protein du-jour and seasonal vegetables. Is the line worth it? Absolutely, but will your colleagues be upset when you promised them a plate, but then realized that you had to go to the back of the line to get a second plate - YES!
I recommend going early, because despite what yelp says, he runs out of his ingredients early, and there's nothing you can do about that! And he doesn't give you utensils, or napkins...be prepared.This is as good as it gets.
Fresh, quality ingredients, which he claims to get from Whole Foods (meats/cheeses) and farmer's markets (produce/herbs).
Completely outstanding flavors and variety. When a man puts chicken on the grill for you, and then splashes it with white wine, and throws a bundle of fresh thyme into the flames beneath the grill so that it smokes the flavor into your chicken, you have to know you're in for a treat.
Nothing lets me down on a given day as much as heading all the way to this street corner, only to find that Quality Man is not there that day.
(We call him Quality Man mostly for his enthusiastic lectures on how important it is to put quality things into your body, which you will listen to for as long as it takes you to get your food and leave. Soak it up, people. He's both amusingly bombastic and dead right.)As a rule I never eat food from the street but rules are meant to be the broken and the Falafel Truck at 20th and Market promised a good time.  This Falafel Truck has been well documented in local magazines and papers for years.  Complete with the ornery owner and sole chef that's a "Soup Nazi"-quality character, he serves up the most buttery falafel I have ever had, fresh to order each and every time.  This means a long line and long life stories of his as you anticipate the mulititude of veggies, sauces, and love he will put into your sandwich once it's your turn.  Only open from 11am-2pm.During the last ten days of August, I went on a trip to DC, Philadelphia and NYC with girlfriends. We tried a lot of different places based on Yelp reviews, even to Morimoto's in NYC, and this falafel was BY FAR the best meal I'd had.  We waited in line for about 10-15 minutes, and the aromas that came from the truck made my stomach growl horribly. The cook seemed quiet - made the dish, handed it over the first person in line and accepted his $10 accordingly. Quick transaction. We attempted to talk to him, and that's when the floodgates opened. This guy has been in business for 20 years, and he's still going strong. There's obviously a reason for that, and when we tore into our meal, we understood why.
The salad was light and contained bits of marinated peaches and grapes, and it was the perfect compliment to the juicy grilled chicken. The outside of the falafel was a bit overdone, but the inside was moist and delicately spiced. The pita bread and another piece of bread he served allowed us to mop up every last bit of the hummus - and believe me, you want to eat and savor every last bit. It was absolutely delicious and such a deal for only $10. We were so pleased with our meal that we had to come back to the truck to tell him and to take a photo with him. If I worked in Philly's financial district, I have a feeling I'd be down at the falafel truck at least once a week. It's two weeks later, and I am still craving another helping.Good grief...this man is not a falafel nazi, he is a falafel god!  Finally made it here the other day (birthday falafels, holla!) and I was not at all disappointed.  I waited in line (hubby and 3 yr old in tow) for about 15 minutes.  When we got up to the cart, falafel man was very engaging and chatted it up with my little guy (who just stared and smiled, as I'm pretty sure he had no idea what he was saying).
So, about 2 minutes later, we had 2 platters (1 vegetarian) and were excited to dig in.  The veg platter had about 8 falafel balls, some sort of amazing greens, a rice/chick pea/curry mix, fruit (yes! diced apples, blackberries, and grapes), grilled peppers, a generous dousing of hummus all over, a giant hunk of multigrain bread, and a roll.  Did I mention it was only $8???  Hubby's had a ton of chicken and 4 falafel balls as well as everything I had, minus the fruit.  Guess he doesn't look like a fruit guy.
Everything was gobbled up (even my 3 yr old enjoyed the fruit, falafel and bread) and thoroughly enjoyed!  Amazing.  Can't wait to go back.meh...its just ok. its pretty obvious he reads the reviews and trys to give his customers the full show. Falafel was average, the vegetables were tasty but very oily. in the 20 minutes I was in line he asked some very important questions....like why do black people block the sidewalk? and telling chinese customers "you wont find this in china town!" I made the mistake of ordering 2 sandwiches...hey you! tell your friend to get her own! one per customer! what a wanker.This man is the FOOD DOCTOR!!!.. I had a pasta dish with a half of grilled pear and it was absolutely delightful. Thank you Sir!Eating here is an amazing culinary experience. It is definitely not a falafel truck more like a Michelin star restaurant. Trust me it will be one of the best meals you will ever have.PSA: The week of 8/14/2017 is his 'last week' before he goes on hiatus for renovations to bring on a helper and hopefully shorten the wait time. He'll be out for a couple weeks but will be back very soon with a slightly bigger space.
Today's was as amazing as always. I didn't want anything to go to waste and took a bite of the orange pepper after I ate everything else and drank all my water.. it hurts but it hurts so goodCash only. You never know what you are going to get for the day. No sign or anything. 
Rain, snow or sun which never forbid us to wait for at least 40 mins to get this delicious food. Oh, how much I have missed the college days and good old Philly.
You have to be prepared for the surprise and not make any adjustments to the food.  People who are in the line already are the usual customers and know what they are getting and boy, Am I proud of say that I am a loyal one since this food truck is on the top of my food priority list for my annual Philly trip.
Try it and you won't regret it. Food is full of flavor and it also comes with seasonal fruits.
Falafel is the best from this food truck since it's fried fresh for each order.Great grilled garlicky chicken, falafel, a veggie, rice,  noodles or grain, some fruit... 10 bucks... 
No menu, no choices, different every day.
Best lunch in center city!Finally was able to try him out today and might buy a lottery ticket because there was only one person in line. Gus takes pride in the quality of his ingredients and the food backs it up. Looking forward to more trips here, with or without a (deservedly) long line.Def a FALAFEL NAZI... - No Menus, No (set) Prices, No Common Sense... But Food is Delicious! 
I got volunteered to pay for my friend when he asked guy about the price, but at-least he was nice about it : )    tip: don't pull out your money before he calls the price...Gus makes great, quality food. His menu changes every day, and come early so he doesn't run out before you. Also, love the tunes.If you're a picky eater, avoid this...you pay $10 and you get what he gives you.  The meal always includes his delicious falafels, flavorful chargrilled chicken, artisan bread, and a mix of whatever he made fresh.  Its well worth the money and I dont think I've ever disliked a side (some were just ok).This is the best food truck in the city that I ever seen. The food is awesome and different everyday. You never know what you'll get until you order- This is the mystery that makes this truck special. After being a frequent customer it was much easier to have a conversation with the man. You just had to get to know him. 5 hour he spend just to clean his food truck... I can never eat again at another food truck- It's  like having your own chef. Have I  mentioned that beverage was part of the menu this week? Hey! Don't expect it at your next visit.... It's just  mysteriously delicious... Lol..Perfectly grilled chicken, deliciously fresh falafel, and tasty garlic hummus are staples of the fixed single menu item at Konstantinos 'Gus' Falafel Truck.  The falafel is crispy on the outside and the perfect texture on the inside... never doughy like you get everywhere else.  Added to this are ever changing seasonal ingredients that perfectly compliment each other, including some sort of incredibly prepared veggie, fruit, and pasta combination.3.5 Stars
So I went back for a second time today. There were a lot of changes made to this cart which I thought all dramatically helped the experience. 
For one he had a helper, so instead of just him serving and cooking there were two of them popping out orders. It still took some time, about 1-2 minutes a person, but it was much improved over the last time. I also received more food then I did the first time. I was actually content at the end of my meal. And lastly I thought the food was just plain better. It wasn't slopped around all over the place and the chicken while still kinda burnt was softer then the last time and much more flavorful. It was a great plate of food. 
This man has passion for his food, and almost runs a great business. He still needs to be quicker, cheaper ($10 is a lot for a food cart lunch w/ no drink) and have some sort of customer service. 
If he improved all of those just a little bit, he could get the 5 stars his food deserves.This is restaurant quality food served out of a food truck. I would have paid $20 for half of the food, it was that delicious. The "interesting" conversation with the cook was just icing on the cake. You HAVE to try this food if you live or work in the area. It doesn't disappoint!The food is a 5 star experience...best falafel sandwich in the city. But then there's Cristo, the owner/ cook. This man refuses to post his menu, or prices.  Sometimes you show up and the sandwich is $8 and the next week it's $10....Steep in my opinion for a cart. The experience of standing in line is tortuous. You have to listen to the egotistical Cristo tell how his food anywhere else would cost $100...yada yada yada.  Same story EVERY time. The last straw for me was when I waited for 20 minutes and through numerous of his rants to be told that I could get only one sandwich at a time as the person who would eat the other was not in line.  Needless to say, my wife was quite disappointed when I returned home empty handed.  If you can tolerate a long wait, not knowing how much you'll pay that day and listening to the same rants over and over, you'll definitely enjoy the foodOne of those things that makes me feel like an "in-the-know" Philadelphian!  I've been passing this cart for over a year intrigued by the constant line of people as 70s and 80s jams blare out of this cart that always looks like it's on fire.
Pack your patience.  This guy is making food with love and it takes time.  He talks up his regulars and gives you the speech about why his food is so awesome and why he doesn't have a menu.
The deal is you stand in line - he makes some kind of chicken and falafel over a little rice with heap of fruits and/or veggies and then hands it to you for $10.  You don't know what it is and it doesn't come with modification.  You can only get one per person.  
Today it had a very bright sauce with grapes, sliced apples, and some little citrus guy.  It was delicious and fed me for two meals and cleared out my sinuses in the midst of allergy season.
My ONLY sadness is that it takes so long - we waited over a half hour in the line which is my entire lunch break.  If you have a slow day, can take a friend, or see the cart with less than 9 people in line it's worth the wait though!Lots of food, no menu. You get what's being made because Kostontinos wanted to buy those ingredients today!
Today, grill chicken with salad, fruit rice and beans.  The chicken is absolutely bringing the heat!!Outrageous. Total auteur cuisine. You feel humbled to order and eat food by someone so clearly devoted and passionate about his craft practicing it in such a novel way. Feels like a secret right out in the open. Can't wait to see what he serves up on my next visit.Not worth the wait. If you are looking for falafel, head on over to mama's. You can get the falafel platter there for $9. For $1 more, the portion is larger, tastes 10 times better and you save a bunch of time :) it's not a bad cart, but i won't be returning.An amazing food experience which lives upto the name. It's a fixed platter which costs 10 bucks and it's different everytimeI braved the cold today to try out this food stand, thinking that the weather might deter some folks. I was wrong because even the bitter cold couldn't dampen the loyalty of the followers of this stand! After over a 30 minute long wait, during which the owner was nice enough to serve us hot spinach and chickpea soup, I finally got my platter which had grilled chicken, falafel, hummus, a chickpea salad, a rice and lentil dish, a fruit salad, pita and bread..oh and he also gave me a small bottle of Perrier. All for $10. Everything was really delicious - the hummus and falafel in particular. In the end the wait, as well as the eccentric cook, are truly worth it. Will be back soon.There was a time not too long ago where I said the F. Nazi served the best falafel in the city. However, the last couple of times left me disappointed and confused.  
Before, I didn't mind paying $10, sitting thru his bragadocious behavior, and waiting in line for half an hour since his food was so delicious.  Instead of getting tender grilled chicken with rosemary and perfectly fried falafel, I've been getting dry chicken and burnt falafel with purple goop sauce over withered lettuce.
Instead, head over to Mama's for a better foodie experience.This standard metal cart is covered in potted plants and copper pots. Steam billows up into the air. A pungent aroma of garlic and grilled meat extends over the entire corner of the street. No doubt the most attractive cart in the city.
Order one of two things: sandwich or platter. What you will get is grilled chicken, falafel, and whatever else he has in the cart that day. He dances, sings, hums, tells stories. It's like dinner and a show, and you can expect to get a couple of acts because you WILL wait to get your food.
You can ask for vegetarian (no chicken), and I believe you can request hot sauce. Ask for any other variation, and I hear he'll throw you out of the line. Only open from 11-2 on weekdays.There is a line everyday. I have walked by later in the day and there is no line, but it's past lunchtime. It's quite the testimony to how good this is. The cart is always decorated nicely. There is no menu. It's $10 and you choose a protein that is offered. You walk away with a delicious huge portion of the day's offerings.Wow! Worth the wait in line. No need to order. You will get whatever is cooking that day. I was treated to an amazing, flavorful combination of rice with cabbage, falafel, grilled chicken, green apple and grapes with a spicy, sweet sauce. All for $10!!! I highly recommend this stand!My First time here. There is always a long line. One hour's waiting normally. But worth it. High quality food. So yummy. Will come back again.Posted on my blog on 3/27/2009:
"I guess you can say food carts are the best example of an American dream comes true, low budget and as long as you have solid good food people will come. You can make as much money as the effort you put in. There are many a street food carts in Philly with interesting ethnic foods, especially around University of Pennsylvania, Thai, Chinese, Mexican, even Ethiopian. Ever since the soul food place around my former job had closed, I haven't had any good oxtail stew on rice and there are at least 3 soul food carts around that area that advertised for them, too bad it's so far away.
The weather was a bit dreary and the line wasn't as long as we've expected. The cart itself is a bit odd. Instead of carrying drinks, cookies, candies and gums, the outside compartment of the cart was decorated with rows and rows or garlic, potted plants and some decorative bottles of olive oil. The owner Gus must be making a pretty good living not having to figure how he'd make more money. Also, there's no menu or prices anywhere. It's a good thing that we've seen the video in advance and know that he only sells falafel and chicken as platters or as sandwiches.
In the drizzling rain, the guy in front of us ordered 5 platters, but Gus wouldn't do it because he doesn't make mass orders and would only make him 2. Strange. Not only that, Gus then ask if it's the guy's first time buying food from him because all regulars would know. Exactly what's the difference between 5 guys waiting in line and each order a platter or one guy buying 5? After waiting around 15 minutes, we got our platter for $10.
The platter consisted a layer of shredded lettuce at the bottom, some hummus on the corner, a cucumber tomato salad, some pasta bits, some grape-banana salad, 4 fried falafel nuggets, a good amount of charcoal-grilled chicken, a pita bread, two kinds of sauce and a good sprinkle of oregano/parsley. I liked the platter a lot, the hummus is mild and pleasant, the falafel is chunky and satisfying, the chicken is well-spiced and crispy from the grill and the fruit salad is quite the perfect touch. I'm scratching my head over the pasta bits though, it's not bad but not quite necessary.
We can see that Gus takes a lot of pride in his food. He has certain standards for his customers to follow and he has to prepare his food just the way he wants. Gus reminded us of Seinfeld's soup Nazy, maybe he is the one who inspired the skit. His food was pricey but worth it, although I didn't care for him not selling drinks or the fact that he doesn't have a price menu so at the end when his customers find out the price it might be too late for them to turn down the prepared food. It's almost an arrogance or his way to tell his customers that you can't assign a price to his art or don't patronize him if you don't think you can afford it. But eccentricity is not a bad thing especially when it benefits the customers that he has a higher standards for his food. If I'm in the area and hungry, I'll definitely seek him out again."Quality = SUPERB
Amount = GREAT
Price = $8 (you can't beat that...you just can't!)
I was across the street at the Kinko's, hadn't had lunch yet, looked on Yelp...said to look for a non-descript food truck with a long line and smoke piping out of the truck. 
Stood about 30 minutes in line. It was a windy day, so smoke was blowing directly into everyone in line. I was about to suggest that we move the line to the upwind side of the truck, but the two guys that I was sandwiched between (they were regulars) advised against it. "You watch Seinfeld?  Soup Nazi?  This is the Falafel Nazi. He will kick you out of line if you upset him."
No menu. No drinks (instead, potted plants and pieces of fruit adorn the truck). You get what he serves you. No questions asked.  Usually, it's some falafel, some chicken, rice, delicious sauces/hummus, and a plum.  $8 cash.  
It's worth it. At least once in your life. People risk parking tickets (there's nowhere to park around there) just to eat there. That speaks volumes. Only open for lunch hours, btw.Great music great food! This guy is phenomenal. Love it so much. You have to go here for a wonderful experience and lunch.This man makes an amazing falafel with only the barest of essentials in his lil falafel truck. He's lost a star since he keeps upping the prices, and also runs out of food crazy fast, and the line is the bane of my existence (often taking up a good - but worth it - 1/2 hour of my lunch). But I am happy to keep going back and greatful he's always there.Crazy falafel dude!  Nomnomnom... nom.  nom.
How does a food cart take at minimum 5 minutes per person, have no menu, show up whenever he wants, and still have 30 person lines in both freezing and boiling hot weather??  Last time I went, it was 38F with 18mph winds constantly, yet the line was still wrapped around the corner.  He did give out some free creamy tomato soup to warm everyone up, which was nice of him.  The menu is whatever he feels like giving you and it'll always be $10.  You tend not to ask for special orders because he just sorta stares at you, incredulous, and you feel like he's going to Soup Nazi you out of line forever.  You'll generally receive a plate which contains freshly charcoal grilled chicken, three falafels, hummus, a starchy product, a salad product, and maybe a drink whenever he feels like giving you one.  There's no avoiding the line so hopefully you get a long lunch break.  Sadly, he's unavailable on the weekends so I can't gorge myself full-time.  Obviously, this 5 star review is so much different than the other hundred 5 star reviews this guy gets so that means his cart isn't good at all.  That's how this works, right?  
Don't go to this cart, because I don't want to line up behind even more people :)  Cheers.For $10, you are treated to a culinary delight. This is not standard cart food. The falafel is magic. 
Look over other reviews. He has rules. Don't stand too close. Don't cut. No subs. Just nod and smile when he speaks to you and enjoyFive stars isn't enough!  I've been coming here for at least 15 years and it's never been less than amazing. Always worth the wait and I love the fact that there's no menu and you never no exactly what you're going to get besides the fantastic grilled chicken and falafel. He's an artist and a true original.The smell alone will make you salivate. It's an experience that everyone needs to have in there life. Can't recommend enoughHoly cow is all I can say. I've been to the falafel guy a few times now and it has always been out of this world! His food is insanely delicious and you can smell it a few blocks away! 
He maybe a little like the soup nazi but he's a one man show making magic inside that little silver cart! I don't know how he does it but I highly recommend checking him out at least once in your life. It's absolutely worth the wait and you get so much food for $10!!! You won't be disappointed!I guarantee you will not have eaten falafels like this. The food is VERY unique. The guy uses a variety of different vegetables and sure knows how to blend the taste with these unique ingredients. For $10 you get a HUGE amount of food. I eat a lot but still couldn't finish it. It's definitely enough food for 2 people.I'm not the one to venture to the food trucks out here in the city, but this one caught my attention. The great aroma coming from the cart just draws you in with the curiosity of no menu and many people chattering boasting how great the food is and also the man himself is unique! So i had to try it and boy I have been hooked ever since, I go two to three times a week! Also, its not really a falafel truck - you are getting mainly grilled chicken, hummas and veggies/fruits with two small falafel balls.
His lines are ridiculous. The wait on average is 15 mins or so per person! He's been missing since the beginning of December, so hopefully he'll return! Anyone know where is these days?Each wait will be at least 30 minutes. You'll realize the time spend is well worth it. There is absolutely nothing like this food
You stand in line, no need to order because he only make 1 item each day and it's $10. You're arms will hurt from the weight of it. Be prepared. Best cart food I've ever tried.Gus is back today from taking a few weeks off.  He got all new equipment and a fryer for his cart and he now has an assistant to help him out.  I got there at 11:35 today with one person in front of me and had my food within a couple of minutes.  Its definitely a lot faster now with the assistant.One day I was desperately craving falafel but knew Mama's was closed for a Jewish holiday. So I searched "falafel" on yelp and this truck came up. It's only a few blocks from my work so I was excited. 
When I got there the line was about 6 deep. The falafel guy was ranting on and on about prices of running a cart and purchasing quality food. The people in line just looked around helplessly, occasionally nodding in his direction when they were unfortunate enough to make eye contact. There was no menu and I didn't actually hear anyone order (regulars?) until the guy standing in front of me got up to bat (he ordered two sandwiches and got a 20 minute lecture about ordering more than one sandwich). Once he'd scurried away, I ordered mine. It was 8 bucks and gigantic. 
I eagerly unwrapped it and took a bite. 
I gotta say, I was disapointed. The chicken was a little dry and unseasoned. The falafel was charred. The flavors were strange. And the hot sauce was non-existent.  All in all it was...okay. But considering I stood in line for 35 minutes and listened to the same story told over and over (and over), it just wasn't worth it.  
Based on the other reviews, I might have gone on an off-day but Mama's will always have my heart.The Falafel Nazi's truck always smells fantastic when I walk by.  I was intimidated the first time I actually ordered.  This is after many times of just going to Mama's because I was scurred. 
That's over now.  Any other falafel is inferior.  I love this man and his food.  It's authentic tasting yummy goodness.$10 cash; menu (consisting of one item) changes on a daily basis.  Three constants though:  deep-fried falafel, a starch (rice or noodles) and chicken.
The portion is pretty large, I wouldn't even think about eating it in one serving.
Definitely worth a try if you work in center city, although the line can cause a 30-45 minute wait.If you love grilled octopus, this the destination stop in Philly !   This is the real deal.Met Gus today. I am convinced of the quality of this man's food and his eagerness to do a great job. I got grilled chicken, some seasonal apples named jujubees (an american thing that was unknown to me), spicy falafel balls, some spinach leaves, some grape tomatoes, some other tasty stuff too. Very well done and so much that it will definitely last more than one meal even if I were really hungry. Definitely a do not miss food truck experience.Best falafel and chicken in the city!  The wait can be long, but the food is definitely worth it.  Best advice is to get there around 11:45 to be one of the first in line.  Cash only $10 per plate, one per person, and you get whatever Gus gives you.  Also, he no longer gives out forks so be prepared.  He was out of commission the last few weeks for cart repairs, but is back in action today.A food truck that serves food so different than all others. One of the best food. Has great flavour and made with love.Warning: This guy is the soup Nazi of falafel-- follow the rules and you'll be rewarded accordingly- with street food equipped with quality ingredients and made with LOVE. 
Look for the billow of smoke - that's where you want to be. Normally this guy was shacked up on the northeast corner on 20th and market but with the construction dudes taking forever to build overpriced apartments- he's now outside on 20th between the Starbucks and nail salon.  Look for the line at least 15 people deep- smell the aromas of garlic, grilled chicken and heaven and get behind the people salivating. 
How to:
Have a $10 bill ready to go.
You get whatever is served daily. Yes- you get what he gives you.
Be quiet and listen to him tell you how much love he puts into his food, or his jokes- both entertaining.
Don't do:
Don't ask for a menu- there isn't one.
Don't ask questions or try to substitute- you will be banished.
Don't order more than 1 order per person.  Trying to snag a second order for "Lizzie Lazy Pants" in the office is a surefire way to get your sweet ass sent away empty handed.  That is, unless you get in line again.  
What you get:
Always- fresh grilled chicken made while you wait
Always- falafel 
Always - sauce/hummus/rice or pasta
Usually - fresh herbs.
Usually- some fresh fruit, what that is, depends on his mood.
Sometimes- fresh bread
If you give this guy anything less than 5 stars your a commie or you probably plan on voting for Trump. Girl, bye.Best food, best bang for your buck. $10 for a full meal that will leave you full and satisfied for the rest of the day! Gus is a great guy, too. He has a whole David vs Goliath thing going on vs the big restaurant guys in Philly and he blows then away with his combination of affordable, healthy, and delicious food. He spends hours a day preparing his meals full of fresh fruit and vegetables. He really works hard and deserves it. Stop by! You won't be disappointed.This man is an artist! Just watch how intensely he cooks... You know when you serve one thing and people line up for it, its good!!! Its falafel and chicken. Always. He mixes up the sides though. He does grapes, different grains(rice, cous cous, etc), salad, chick peas, hummus.... its always different. You don't tell him what you want, he just serves you what he is making, and you deal with it! Its amazing for an indecisive guy like me. Just say "sandwich or platter" he'll do the rest... i always ask for a pita with my platter and its a good amount of food. You get 2 falafel balls and a junk load of chicken, along with the sides and it's always covered with a delicious sauce...
He adorns his cart with plants and herbs and enough garlic to suggest he is trying to ward of the vampires. Seriously, its A LOT of garlic...and you can def taste it in the food. If your going to be entertaining the ladies in the evening, eat elsewhere...If not, go get a platter from this guy! When you get close to 20th and Market, look for the billowing smoke, and follow your nose! 
ps-don't think he has drinks there, and he doesn't show from time to time if the weather is wet...I'm finally off on a weekday so I decided to go to center city.  I didn't know which cart this falafel place so I decided to pick the one with the line.
Instead of paying for parking, I made my buddy drive around while I wait.  At around 11:15, I only waited for 10 minutes compare to usual 30mins.  When it was finally my turn to buy, I could only buy 1 order per person!!  My buddy will be pissed off if I come back with 1 order only.  The man said to me that I can stand there all day and I will only get 1 order, lol.  ARE YOU KIDDING ME???  I got his point, it is what it is.
I would drive around the city while my friend stands in line for his platter.  We looked back, it looked like it's going to be more than a 30 minute wait.
Great food!  I agree what everyone said:  $10 including tax = chkn or veg platter.  4 stars because I had to share my food, lol.You kind of have to plan ahead for this meal...but my little friends, it's worth the wait!  Start with the smoke about 3 blocks away, depending on the wind, and then the charcoal smell as you get closer.  And then, the dreaded line as you turn the corner...but again, good thing comes to those that waits...and waits...and waits...Just find a new friend with the girl in front of you or the dude behind you...deliciousness is coming...Gus makes some of the best food. It is worth the wait and such a treat. He used a combination of the freshest ingredients and provides you with an absolutely delicious platter that rivals some of the best restaurants I have ever been too. If you are either working, living or visiting Philly you must stop by this Truck and experience the food.****** IMPORTANT ******
I was there today, 08/15/2017, As JANE P. said, he will be off for a few weeks and should return the week after Labor day, week of 9/11/2017.  I talked to him today and he is expecting to add a helper and lessen the wait.  This is GREAT news and his loyal supporters should be very happy.My first time. I moved with George Castanza like spriteness! I paid my $10 and kept it moving. It was too saucy for me, but being from NYC I know good flavor when I taste it. Brought it home for hubby and he lapped it up! Can't wait to go back. The Falafel Natzi is prideful of his food and I see why! Worth the 35 minute waitAmazing food made by an amazing chef.  Do try it out if you are in the area , absolutely worth the wait.This place is incredible, definitely worth the wait if you have the time.  Kudos to my friend who badgered me to get there.Undoubtedly fabulous falafel. However, you never really know what will be inside as he gets his veggies fresh based on what is available that day. This is both a plus and a minus as I have been known to find beets in my falafel (not a beet fan) and a friend of mine once found a half an ear of corn (cob included). But that aside it is hands down "good eatin". Oh and be prepared to not eat the rest of the day because you're going to want to eat the whole thing and you're going to struggle...
FYI - it is a little more expensive as far as truck food goes but definitely worth the moolah.Amazing food! $10 platter is enough for 2 meals for a big guy like me. Chicken is so tender and juicy. We call him Falafel Nazi because there are 4 step process you must follow. 1) wait in line. 2) when it is your turn to get food, smile and shut the f*** up. If he talks to you just listen and you may try to respond and have a little chat with him but point is to listen. 3) while waiting do not try to customize your order, the outcome will not be pretty if you do, remember there is no menu, eat whatever the f*** he gives you. 4) pay $10 and you may go and enjoy your food. If you do not follow these steps he will kick you out and you will not get your food. That's why people call him The Falafel Nazi. So to all the newbies! Do not forget!Hello fellow yelpers.
I had an hour to kill so I did what I do best. I went out hunting for good food!
I took out my beloved iphone and opened my trusty Yelp app to guide me to my next meal.
I was warned that people in philly are more liberal with their stars. I think it is true but this truck had 4 and a half so it had to be close to perfect right?
I stood on line faithfully following the rules. I didn't cut, did not question what he gave me, order more than one, etc. and paid when it was finally my turn. 
So I didnt get yelled at, and I got perfectly grilled chicken with three delicious falafels balls.
It was good but am I the only one who thinks this place is over-hyped and not deserving of 4 and 1/2 stars? 
This cost 10 dollars and you have to wait an hour! You are not allowed to question what you are getting and there are no drinks.
I can get better halal food for half the price (53rd and sixth in NYC). Now that is four and 1/2 stars!Feels and more importantly tastes just like a new york city falafel truck. Awesome, my only complaint is that they don't have kinish's (if you don't know what that is then, the next time your in nyc stop by a food truck and grab one)...
Prices are great, food was great, service was great, if you have a food truck  or falafel craving, this is a great place to come get your fill... You will not be disapointed, it is without a doubt the best falafel truck  in the city, who is going to step up and prove otherewise?Best chicken in the world.  The platter is different every time - definitely worth the wait!!I can't even tell you how much I love this truck. The food is a little something different every time. There is no menu, you get whatever he is making that day.... But I can tell you this, it's ALWAYS delicious. He has some serious skills. Another thing, he's so passionate about his food and his ingredients. 
Because his food is so amazing, be prepared to spend your lunch hour waiting in line... But again, it's 100% worth the wait.The food is so good from when I wake up until I take my first bite all I can do is think about the incredible flavor that I am going to taste. Like others have said it is $10, you will have to wait but DaY-UM good food.  There is no menu, you can get it vegetarian but the chicken is the best part. The menu changes daily but it is almost the same thing. Falafel, grilled chicken, some kind of fruit and a starch.. 10/10!!!I probably eat 75% of the food I eat in Philly out of a truck, window, counter, etc and this waaay surpasses the genre (w/ the exception of this special dosa guy in Washington Sq Park in NY.. but I digress).
best felafel in philly, one of the best I've ever had, and definitely the best cart food too.  The guy has a beautifully decked out cart, long line to serve, and takes care and love with everything he does.  There are special sauces and extras to go with what you are ordering; just say yes to everything.  I only eat felafel (being veggie) but he also has chicken, or a combo.  Truly, a gift to center-west-city."Do you know what is the quality?"  
"THIS is the quality!"  
Not only do you get a high quality yet inexpensive lunch, you get a little bit of wisdom passed on to you, if you're lucky.  I tend to eat lunch later than most, so by the time I get to Mr. Falafel, he's usually down-shifted from his usual cart-rocking mode.  (Yes, when he's at lunchtime peak, he's grilling and spicing and doing everything with such a rhythm that the cart rocks back and forth.)  Anyway, if you're an adventurous eater and like garlic, this is the place.  No menu, it's not necessary.  Order the platter, which is served with charcoal fired chicken, garlic sauce and falafel.  Honestly, I didn't know falafel could exist like this.  Beyond super.  And, it's all served over a salad with grapes and little tomatoes, so you get a bite of charcoal chicken with something juicy...dip in some sauce and tear a piece of pita...  This is quality...this is heaven!$10 cash only.
This guy is awesome. He takes his job very seriously and can sometimes be in a bad mood, but friendly most of the time. Don't let that stop you, this food is worth it, ALL OF IT. So amazing! the chicken, falafel, seasonings, toppings all just go together so well. This is one of the best food trucks in Philadelphia hands down and is a must do at least once for anyone in the city.The wait is long, the cook is crazy, but the food is delicious!
At $9 - $10 a box (no menu, no price until you've ordered), you will get some flavorful grilled chicken (cut right before it's boxed), some delicious hummus, three balls of the best and freshest falafel anywhere, and some type of grain and whatever else Crazy Cook decides to make that day.  You can tell the food is fresh, and there is usually a nice balance of flavors - something sweet, something savory, maybe a spicy sauce, and a pinch of organic chervil.  Crazy Cook gets inventive with his food, so you might find fresh blueberries plopped into your hummus, or a pear salad next to your falafel, or some spicy sauce that perfectly complements the chicken.  He also adds whatever bread is available that day (baguette, roll, pita), so it's a lot of food to devour.
But be warned, Crazy Cook is well, crazy.  Don't get him started on the quality of his food ($200 for the olive oil alone!), don't circle around the cart looking non-committal ("get out of here and go to the halal food across the street") and do not ask him to modify your order.  The apprehensive customer ahead of me asked to only get the chicken and Crazy Cook basically chewed him out, yelled about how expensive his food is, and how if the customer didn't have any allergies, he should try everything.  Then after he reluctantly bagged up a few pieces of chicken on top of a pita for that customer, Crazy Cook basically told him to get lost.  Oh yeah, Crazy Cook is also kind of racist.
So if the above scenario doesn't deter you and you're willing to just smile and nod (and pretend to know what the hell he's saying) for a really great (and ever-changing) mediterranean platter, definitely check this place out.  You'll at least have a delicious lunch and a story to tell your friends afterwards.One of the best value 10 meals you will ever get. This is not a value meal. The chef puts in a lot of effort to put together the freshest ingredients and very tasty charcoal bbq chicken. He calls it medicine for your body. We didn't even recognize his food truck initially as it doesn't have pictures of food like most food trucks, his truck looks more like a flower truck with flowers and vegetables in the front. One of our best meals in Philly.So good. So much food.Worth the wait!  
You'll likely wait at least 30min, but I've been here twice now and it's quickly become my favorite food truck in Philadelphia!  It seems that the starch, microgreens, and fruits change depending on what he can find that is of good quality, but the proteins remain the same - grilled chicken and falafel.  The sauce is a bit spicy, but the level of spice seems to vary as well.Went here for the first time today and after the 30 minute wait I received a huge portion of grilled chicken, falafel, hummus, beats, honeydew, all over some kind of rice. Everything tasted very fresh and the flavors were finely balanced. Will definitely come back again!This is the best food truck in the city of Philadelphia, bold I know, but true. His line is really long, be prepared to wait. You don't ask for the food, he just gives it to you. It's always a big bountiful plate of delicious food for 10 dollars.Falafel Nazi Guy lowered his prices.  At least today when i was there it was only 8 bucks for the food not 10.  I left the other 2 as tip.  The chicken had that great crispy smokey (rosemary-y?) flavor i love and it came with a peach and 5 cherries.  The peach and the cherries being covered in falafel sauce was weird but whatever. I wiped it off and ate that shit down.  I got there at 1125 and had my food by 1135 so only a 10 minute wait.  He was rambling something about a Columbian Necktie while I was there but that's neither here nor there. The food was as usual great and cheaper!What can I say the food was amazing and got to meet the real life soup nazi! Stumbled upon this little nugget on accident with my girlfriend while down on 20th street and really glad we did. Made an awesome falafel dish over noodles with bean sprouts and blueberries. All the ingredients were fresh and I really enjoyed not having to bicker with the girl over what to eat. Got to meet a real character which was added to the experience. Will definitely be back.I decided to venture down to center City to meet up with my husband for lunch.  I've been here a couple of time before and never once have I ever been disappointed. There's really no menu. It's whatever the chef wants to cook that day and so that's what you're going to get. However, you do have an option for Veg or NonVeg. I got to the place around 12:15pm and waited for about 15 mins until I got to the front of the line.  I had the veg option. Today it was  falafel and noodle  over tomato sauce along with some cabbage. I thought the falafel was phenomenal. It was crispy and not too overwhelming with herbs. My husband had the non veg option. It was pretty much the same as mine, but his also came with grill chicken. Each meal cost $10, which I think it's a reasonable price for lunch. You'll definitely will get full from it. Oh the down side to this place is, it's a BYOU (bring your own utensils). Lol. Other than that, this place is worth the long wait.Best food truck in philly. Always fresh and delicious. The chicken and falafel are amazing!Best lunch in Philadelphia. Been coming here for ten years and never disappointed. Gus is a legend.Inflation is hitting the falafel guy hard - his prices increased 20% from $8.00 in 2012 to $10.00 in 2013.  Sometimes I think there's a fine line between genius and insanity.  Our Philadelphia falafel truck owner, Konstantinos, is definitely is quite bright and an excellent cook.  I met the falafel guy (I did not ask him his name my first time there) and I think it's safe to say I liked him instantly.  I like hard-working self-employed immigrants. He was blasting good 80's music from his satellite radio.  This guy has no inhibitions or hangups interacting with his customers despite his social oddities.  I love it.  I had to try this place myself after having the food compared to my much beloved Hined and Nabil at the King of Falafel cart located at 16th and JFK.  If I am going to eat out, I like to order food that I would not be able to cook at home myself.  This guy fits the bill perfectly.  I think he has a charcoal grill running in his truck.  I could smell it from a block or two away.  I had some kind of grilled chicken and fig dish that had a wonderful flavor.  His hummus was really good with a sweet taste to it.  He had fresh alfalfa sprouts that went great in the large platter.  I think his falafel tastes really good, but it is too greasy for my tastes for regular consumption.  I had enough food for 2 people, but I ate it all.  It was so good.  Konstantinos said he could be working at a restaurant in New York City, but he loves doing his own thing.  He takes 1 order at a time and interacts with you while cooking.  He joked with me calling me "Mr. Professional Professional" by the the time my food was done.  He proudly says he says he uses "quality food; quality ingredients" and I believe him.  He takes his work seriously, serving 1 quality dish per day.  I have now visited twice and it seems to be consistently good.  As long as you're prepared to wait in line for awhile, you'll have a deliciously spiced, though slightly greasy meal with fresh vegetables, falafel and meat.  Who could ask for more?I no longer work down town but when i do have a day off i come visit the food truck with the best lunch in the city.  Nobody is a close 2nd.  Fresh, quality ingrediants and never the same combo of food .  i am extremely picky and i eat whatever Gus makes because he is a brilliant chef.Food does not get better than this. See the other reviews for the quirky nature of this establishment. It's al true. You get what you get. Usually $10, but on special occasion it's $12. Amazing place, amazing food.Yummy!  I love the falafel platters here.  Unbelievable.  Always busy and always consistent with taste and quality.  The guy's quite a personality, to the say the least.  My favorite ever.This place is truly special.  I've eaten from here dozens of times over the past few years.  It's the truck with smoke billowing out of the top.  The food is stupefyingly good.  You get whatever is on the menu for the day which is some variation of chicken, falafel, grains, and whatever "quality" ingredients the chef got a hold of recently.  On warm days, the line extends down the block, and it is a long wait.  I tried not to hype this place too much to try keep the lines from getting even longer, but i just can never keep from raving about how great it is.
The guy, affectionately known as the Falafel Nazi," has quite a personality and will go on and on about "quality" food, the universe, being a "good guy," and whatever else comes in and out of his brain.  There's no question though he's fanatical about what he does.  If you're not a garlic fan, then you might not like the falafel so much, but if that's not a problem for you, it's some of the best falafel i've had anywhere.
He charges whatever the plate's worth that day depending on the ingredients (and probably how he's feeling).  Leave an extra dollar in the tip jar for the man, he's working hard out there.This entertaining man behind the best food truck in the city takes his time to prepare amazing Mediterranean food cooked over charcoals. No signs, no menus. Food varies everyday and the truck is decorated with a variety of plants and hanging pots.For $10 you get lots of food, don't request anything or try to make changes to your meal though, he makes what he is making, and that's what your getting.
Food options change frequently.  Line is long and he cooks each serving individually so get there early.I visited this place for the first time today, despite being a huge fan of falafels and food trucks. I've never had time to wait in line, but today was the day. It was absolutely worth the wait, as the food definitely lived up to the hype. 
I got there a little after noon and got at the end of a 7 person line. The signature smoke cloud coming from the cart wasn't in full effect, so he had likely just opened up shop for the day. 
After about 20 minutes or so, I was at the front of the line. I had never been so excited. I knew not to say a word or place an order, and that I was to take whatever he gave me.  As he prepared my food, I noticed how immaculate his cart is, and how he really takes pride in decorating it with plants and colorful veggies strewn about.  I was engaging in light banter as he carefully assembled my meal in my styrofoam platter, and thought I had played it really cool...but not cool enough. I reached out my hand with my $10 as he was tying up my to-go bag, and he said "not yet, let me finish my work." I apologetically drew my hand back, and no more than 3 seconds later, he held my bag out to me and said, "ok now." 
It's hours later, and I still regret being so hasty, but that delicious food (which I was unable to finish despite being starving and having a large appetite in general) has softened the blow to my ego.
A little pricey for a cart, but the supremely generous portions, and fresh and delicious food are worth it.High quality fresh ingredients and a happy chef.  Best truck in the city!
Makes you a dish with whatever ingredients he has that day, with a base of chicken and falafel.
A bit of a wait sometimes but totally worth it.So I've been working on this corner for just about five years now... wait that doesn't sound right. I've been working in a building across the street from the Falafel truck for almost five years now I've wanted to go check it out since day one. 
It took me a little longer than planned but I'm glad I did. The line was a little long but that all part of it. Chat with neighbor, speculate about the today's feast will be and all around know you are doing something different than just about everyone else walking by.
His music is playing, the truck is clean and actually decorated.... this is the nicest truck I've been to, in well... ever.
The food was well worth it.  That day the price was 8$ (I've heard it changes day to day but I'm not sure). Rice and hummus, with salad, falafel and chicken.  Man was that chicken good.  
Although the seasoning, garlic breath and smokey clothes you'll have from waiting in line might not be your number one choice for making office friends... I say who cares.  Eat well and enjoy life.
And yes... its enough food for dinner and lunch... but really why not eat it all for lunch.
** Also check your teeth in a mirror afterwards... you may have some embarrassing specks of seasoning in themThis place knocks it out of the park every time. The price is $10 and you get what he's making that day but don't get me wrong it's always good. Just be prepared to wait a little and bring correct change. One plate per person. All that aside its still one of my favorite places in Philly and my favorite food cart hands down.Tried to find this truck at 20th and Market. It's no longer there. Where did it go?? i wish I could have tried it!I don't want to get into a theological discussion but I'm pretty sure that if heaven exists, these falafels are served there.