Hot and new? Not, more like hot and nasty ... I was not impressed ....I had the mac n cheese burger and wanted to vomitcame to oh brother because a friend recommended it as "one of the best cheese steaks" in philly. they were wrong.
we got some cheese steaks, bacon cheese fries and onion rings, and a milk shake. the steaks were... less than phenomenal. the meat was tough, and the bread lacked the structural integrity that i expect out of a grade a cheesesteak.
the appetizers and the shakes were good, but it's hard to imagine how those could be poorly made. it was a decent meal.The food is good.  Ordered a basic cheese burger and truffle fries.  The problem is pricing.  It's waaaay to expensive for basic food served in baskets and you are expected to clean your own tables.  Burger does not come with fries.. so a burger and truffle fries = $16.50 (no drink).   Obviously, it's due to the location.. but for this, I would go to shake shack every time.   I imagine this place will stay in business for "X" amount of time because of tourists.  If you're local, you'll know better places for less.We stopped in for lunch today and had a great experience! Tried the cheesesteak with wiz and fried onions, brisket sandwich, Nutella shake and fries. Everything was delicious! Service was good and fast. The fries were especially fluffy and crispy -- very good. Also, there is a discount for Police and Fire Dept!!You could taste the steak's freshness but do not get the plain cheesteak well it isn't even a cheesteak because it doesn't bring cheese. It is very dry I was not impressed by this place. The size of their cheesteaks are good though and the staff is friendlyI got it for the first time a week ago and thought the food was pretty good. Decided to get it today and tried calling them earlier where I was placed on hold for 5 minutes before I hung up because I'm pretty sure they just forgot. Tried calling around dinner time and they actually just disconnected the line. Don't spend money here when the customer service is obviously piss poorWe live in the neighborhood and finally made it into Oh Brother. My husband had the brisket sandwich and loved it, the meat was very tender and flavorful. I had a cheeseburger and was quite surprised at how good it was. And the bacon cheese fries were delicious. As an added bonus they are open to 4am on weekends!eh... at best. got the cheesesteak and cheeseburger. both were decently juicy but also could have had a little more flavor. just a spot for touristsBest veggie burger and fries for me. My guests enjoyed their burgers, especially the one with mushroom. Great service. We enjoyed our quick dinner here!Good food. Great and fast service. Clean facilities. Would recommend. Small menu but good food.A group of friends and I went here last night on a recommendation from another colleague of mine. There were four of us and we got French onion cheesesteak, regular cheesesteak with no onions and American cheese and 2 of us got the Mac and cheese burger. We also had a side order of fries and onion rings. The food was all amazing. The burgers with fried Mac and cheese as the buns we out of control large and filling! The place is BYOB and so we just ate and hung out all night. Highly recommend if your in the area.These burgers were awful. The burger descriptions and positive reviews drew us in and wow were we disappointed. Skimpy on toppings. Tiny burger for the price. And worst of all the burgers tasted like frozen cafeteria patties. Left a horrible taste in our mouths and we are generally not picky about our burgers. On the plus side the actual restaurant was pleasant enough.i ordered with my co-workers and wrote specifically what i wanted for each order in the special instructions area. out of all the orders my sandwich was incorrect so I called. the lady who answered the phone initially did not seem helpful and even asked me what would i like her to do about my incorrect order I received. then i was told to re-order my sandwich online again but the fee would be waived. i was not able to do that either since there's a minimum online for delivery so i had to call back again and was placed on hold then told they would re-make my sandwich and bring it out.
i felt that should have been done in the first place. had it not been for the owner calling me and delivering my sandwich and being very nice about everything and apologetic i would not order again. but the way he handled things would personally i would order again as long as he handles the order. i did try my sandwich finally and it really does taste good. i got the pulled buffalo chicken. the right amount of hot sauce and kick.Came into philly for business. Buddy found this place, seemed promising but not amazing. The Mac n cheese was a bit bland, the fried Mac n cheese buns had an after taste that was clear the oil was dirty. Google says 4.8 stars apparently but yelp is 4. I'd say 4 is closer. The mushrooms were great the dipping sauce a bit spicy so that's good. Staff were pleasant and fun to talk with. Awesome decor, clean and super friendly.Amazing cheese steak sandwiches. The best quality meat. Zero fat. Your choice of cheese at no extra cost. We're in town from CA and we both said it's the best cheesesteak we've ever had.
It is BYOB so if you want that beer to wash it down, stop on 2nd street and grab a single beer at the beer market.
Check it out, you won't be disappointedThis place was recommended by hotel. The cheese steak was pretty good but nothing to go out of your way for. Near Sonny's and Campos. It was not crowded when we went. Food delivery took about ten minutes. Price for cheese steak was 9$. The brisket was also pretty good.Nice laid back atmosphere. BYOB. Good food. Good service. Great prices. Great find!  
My bf wanted to go to NYC to get the mac & cheese burger w fried mac & cheese buns. I mean he wouldn't stop talking about it! It's been  going on for a year. A friend posted about her cheese steak at Oh Brother so I checked out the menu. Let's just say I hv additional brownie points  Had to thank her.Crazy food, and worth a stop in old town philly. The burger listed has Mac n cheese AND fried MAC as the bun - crazinessI was this store yesterday before go flanklin ice cream and I Oder cheese steak and bacon fries 
Steaks is just normal not the best , not the bed
But it is crazy hot in store!!!
They are keep open door and no AC!!!
My blouse was wet! I could not finished
It was bed experience !!Great food, great staff!  Very friendly, let my kids watch a movie while we ate!  We ordered the philly steak sandwich and philly fries, all were perfectly prepared!The crispy chicken sandwich has to be my go to menu item. With its crispy crust and juicy inside it makes a drooling combination. They have unique French fry selections like chili & lime. And for those who like dessert fried Oreos &  Twinkie's. Oh and it's byob!Really like this place, haven't gotten around to trying the cheesesteak yet but the brisket sandwich I had was great, staff is nice as wellEverything is really well made, the food is carefully and made with a lot of attention to detail. This isn't just some quick fast food place! They are kid friendly- both with menu items and plenty of seating. their milkshakes are AMAZING! A French onion cheesteak, come on it doesn't get better than this! WAY better than the close competitors when it comes to cheesesteaks. the owner is nice and friendly also! Welcome to the neighborhood Oh Brother, your a welcome addition to Old City!I'm only able to rate the food, not the actual restaurant ambiance, since we got it through Grubhub. But I was so disappointed. We got burgers, each the same, and they were SO SO SO PEPPERY. Someone had completely dredged them in black pepper. WHY?!!! All I could taste was pepper. I could almost tell that the burger underneath all that pepper wasn't bad, was decently sized, but it was suffocated underneath so, so much pepper that my mouth was on fire and I had to eat some yoghurt after to soothe it. I cannot imagine why anyone would ruin a burger this way, but I've encountered this elsewhere, too. I just saw so many good reviews of this place, I expected better. If you don't like to taste nothing but pepper, don't eat the burgers here.This place only opened a few days ago but it already is an Old City staple in our eyes. My fiancé and I went for lunch - She had the vegan burger, which was made in-house and so fresh, and I had the classic cheese burger, which was a picture perfect burger (but I didn't take a picture because I ate it too fast). We also had the truffle parmesan fries which were crispy and as amazing as they sound, and the cookies and cream milk shake. Even after all that food we both agreed we didn't feel "gross" as you might after eating so much, because it was such high quality guilty pleasure food!. :) The owners are super cool, friendly and really care about supporting other local business owners. They also renovated the inside themselves, and it has a great vibe. If you are deciding between here and anywhere else in old city, choose Oh Brother! We will probably see you there.Love this spot! Some of the best cheesesteak around Highly recommend steak fries, burgers and the chicken sandwich also. Today we had a cheesesteak (wit) American it was pretty meaty and fresh, great roll. Prefer their cheesesteak over the South Philly establishments and the South Street area's.Stopped here after a trip to the Museum of the American Revolution. I ordered the pulled buffalo chicken and the chili lime fries. Service was quick and the sandwich was delicious. The fries came with sriracha mayo that was excellent. My daughter had the buttermilk chicken fingers  and a chocolate milkshake that she enjoyed.
We will be back!Oh Brother has great food especially the pulled buffalo chicken sandwich with a gluten free roll! We have also had the burgers, steak sandwiches and the fries, which have all been delicious. I almost forgot about the fried Twinkies! Get the fried Twinkies. Besides the food being delicious , all of the staff is very friendly.Was very excited to try this place after following them on instagram but unfortunately I will not be returning. Firstly, they forgot my cheese fries but door dash credited me. Then the cheesesteak was mostly onions.. there was barely any meat at all!!! I also paid for the extra American cheese & they forgot that as well! Lastly the vanilla milkshake was literally straight milk!! How does that even happen? I don't think I've ever had one place mess up every single item!I love burgers and this place was amazing! I got a bacon cheeseburger with fried mac
and cheese instead of a hamburger roll.  The French fries were also good.  The prize were the fried Oreos. Truly amazing was the kind, compassionate service by the charming owner/manager(?). He walked my aunt to the car when I came around to pick her up! What a find!One of the best cheesesteaks I've had in Philly, hands down my favorite go to spot for a steak.French onion cheesesteak is crazy good. Chili lime fries with sriracha sauce are also amazing. Friendly people - great spot. Also BYO which is coolRight up front, full disclosure:  I don't know jack squat about "authentic" or "traditional" cheesesteaks or roast pork.  Mind you, you can get "Philly cheesesteak" sandwiches just about anywhere in the U.S., but I have no idea whether or not they're the genuine article when I come across them.
So I don't have the first clue how Oh Brother's sandwiches measure up by those standards.  In any event, this shop is brand new, and if you're looking for an experience at a "classic" Philadelphia cheesesteak emporium, this is definitely not your place.  
But if you're looking for a tasty, filling sandwich as a break from hitting all the tourist sites in the vicinity, it might just be.  We got pulled in by some five-star reviews, many of which were suspiciously fake, and it seems that Yelp has since adjudged them that way.  Nonetheless, the sandwiches here are gigantic and a great value at $10 or $11.  (One sandwich might be big enough for two people, depending on appetite.  I polished off a whole one, but probably shouldn't have.)  The roast pork, "authentic" or not, was a damn good, if simple, sandwich:  tender sliced pork, provolone, spinach, and hot peppers on a decent sub roll.  Meanwhile, the cheesesteak was big and filling, but the meat seemed a little dry.  Good fries, too.  The food seemed to be made to order; it took a little while to come out, and came out piping hot,
Oh Brother also focuses heavily on burgers, but we didn't try those.
We walked into an empty restaurant, so our wait wasn't too bad.  But we were followed by a big group of touring kids with chaperones.  That group's food seemed to emerge from the kitchen with painful sluggishness.  
The staff and owners seemed to be from Eastern or Southeastern Europe --correct me if I'm wrong--and were helpful and pleasant.  
Finally, it'd be pretty cool if the name of this restaurant was something other than "Oh Brother Philly."Cheese steak was really good! Everything tastes fresh. Environment was clean and staff was very friendly and accommodating.Randomly stopped in during a family Father's Day weekend in Philly. It looks new and it was very clean. The staff was very nice and actually redid 2 of our buns when the kids didn't realize they came with sauce on them. We had 2 types of steak sandwiches, 2 burgers, and honey bbq wings. All very fresh and delicious. The regular fries were crisp and tasty - but the chili lime ones were Top Notch!!  Only recommendation we'd give is a larger variety on the fountain drink machine. Worth a try!We came here after a BYOB bus tour of Philly and the food was just delicious! We had two cheesesteaks, one with cheese whiz and one with American cheese, and they were both really tasty. Much better than the more touristy cheesesteak chains in Philadelphia and in a much cleaner and more organized restaurant. Definitely need to try Oh Brother Philly the next time you're in town!The Philly cheese steak was tasty and generous. We shared one between 2 people. However, we waited over half an hour for one sandwich and one order of friesThis place was awesome. The third cheesesteak place I have been in this neighborhood so far on my trip and BY FAR the best. 
If your choosing between this place and other cheesesteak places in the neighborhood (which shall not be named), go here. YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!Stopped in for lunch on a rainy Saturday. Staff was super attentive and very helpful navigating the menu. Cheesesteak was best I've had in Philly. Fries were crispy but still light and fluffy. Very good first impression from Oh Brother Philly. Will definitely return when I'm back in town.This place is legit!
Best cheesesteak sandwich I've ever had!
Sounds cliché, I know. But lemme explain.
I've been coming to Philly town for over 20 years. In that time I've tried all
kinds of recommendations from friends, colleagues, and strangers.
I've tried the other "Local Faves" on Market St., and the popular place on South St. I've also suffered the two tourist traps down on Passyunk Ave. ( Awful)
I came here on recommendation by fellow co-workers.  I wasn't really hungry,  but I thought I'd give it a try. 
I ordered the French Onion Cheesesteak Sandwich.
My sandwich was Awesome.
The atmosphere is chill. You don't feel like ya gotta conform to some premadana left coast bs here.
This place is great.This might be my new favorite cheesesteak in Philly. So full of flavor and a good amount of meat in the cheesesteak itself. Great roll too. I just finished the one I got and I wish I had another :)Amazing food. Fresh and great service   Brought some people from out of town and they were blown away.  Fresh food.  IncredibleI ordered a veggie burger from Oh Brother Philly for dinner yesterday, and I have been up all night puking. I'm pretty sure I've got food poisoning. Beware.Best burger ever!! And the fries...omg. Was out in Old City for the first time in a long time to celebrate my 40th. We got done having some cocktails and wanted to grab some sandwiches. We were walking past Oh Brothers,  and decided to pop in. We were not disappointed! I got the guacamole burger and parmesan truffle fries.  My husband and brother got cheesesteaks. The burger was seriously so good and the truffle fries were the best fries I ever had. I did grab a bite of cheesecake too....HUGE sandwich, and the bread can not be beat! If you want a good sandwich you have to go to Oh Brothers!!
And one of the owners is a redhead, so...This place is amassing.  We had the pork sandwich. The fries were great. You need to make this stop.My new favorite spot in Philly! I've had a cheese steak almost every spot in Philly but this beats all! Amazing food, reasonable price, & excellent customer service. I will definitely be returning! Strongly recommend!!!Came here during a quick trip to Philly after seeing all of the positive reviews on here, but left very underwhelmed. The wait wasn't too long and the inside was comfortable, especially after walking around in the 90 degree weather. We ordered the Shroom Truffle Cheesesteak, Chicken Cheesesteak, Hamburger & Fries. The food was ok, nothing special that you couldn't get somewhere else. The steak was quite dry and French fries were decent, but not seasoned at all. The 2 stars are really for the service, ambiance, and fact that the food was edible. If you're looking for an average sandwich with not much flavor, go for it. If you're looking for a really good Cheesesteak to highlight your Philly trip, I would definitely look somewhere else.Great place for a quick meal, the burger and cheese fries were delicious.  Nothing out of this world but tasty enough to four stars.  The service was a friendly and fast.Maybe it's because I ate there at 2 am but u can find a better burger at Wendys. I purchased the liberty burger medium and of course it came out well done dead with two sad itty bitty pieces of brisket.  13 DOLLARS REALLY??? "For who, for what" You would think the most expensive burger on the menu would be mind blowing, instead it's a complete dud.  In addition, I stated that I was dining in but the food came out in a to go box.  The Parmesan truffle fries were very good.  Oh and btw my wife ordered the shroom truffle burger and it honestly tasted like sour cream.  U can get better food at 2 am in old city.  I'd would be willing to try this place again during normal business hours.I ordered the cheesesteak fries  and really enjoyed  it. Small portion was just right go lunch.Sandwich was dry and i was not a fan of the front counter girl telling me that they closed at 11 and I had plenty of time when I ordered at 10. Not impressed.We just had dinner tonight at Oh Brother and can honestly say they have awesome Philly Cheesesteaks! We each had the cheesesteaks that have guyere cheese and carmelized onions. They are to die for! The fries are unique as well. We shared a regular sized order of fries and that was more than enough due to the size of the cheesesteaks. Oh, and the bread on the cheesesteaks is fabulous. Service was friendly and excellent! We highly recommend you eat here or order to go! Amazing! Only regret we have is that we are visiting and can't become regulars!Food was good but they let a customer with a dog sit and eat right next to me unfortunately.Love the outside seating just not to happy with the panhandlers but what can they do. Our meal was great. Vegan burgers and fries.Two words: FRIED OREOS. 
Okay, 1 more word: YESSSSSSSSSS!!
Seriously, amazing. 
Oh and the cheesesteak is good too. But the fried Oreos were definitely the star of my dinner show.Really nice people working here helping us Californians order! Got the truffle burger on a pretzel bun that was amazing! The desserts were BOMB! Can't wait to come again :)This might be my new favorite cheesesteak place, super friendly service and an overall great experienceAMAZING! After being disappointed at Jim's famous steaks, decided to give it another shot at having a good Philly cheesesteak before heading back to NY. The cheesesteaks here are delicious!! You can taste how fresh the meat is, and the bread ?!! The yelper that wrote about it did not lie! The bread  would be great even on its own ! Crispy on the outside and soft and fluffy on the inside. Not only is the food great but also the people who work here, everyone was very nice and made it very easy for us. The place was clean and stocked also. If you are coming to Philly this place is a must!!!Best Philly Cheese steak around! In town visiting tried a few locations. The staff is super nice, the facility is very clean, and the food is delicious!!!Great new spot in Old City. They put a lot of attention to detail on the inside of the place which shows as soon as you walk in. 
Service was quick but not so quick that you'd think it was pre-made. We had both the Guac and regular burgers. As a self proclaimed fry king, their fries are DOPE. 
BYOB makes this place even better. I would come back especially during the summer season when I can sit outside.This place is the definition of delicious food! Everything on the menu is mouth watering. I had the Mac&Cheese Bun Burger it's was to die for! If my wallet could afford it I'd go every day and get something new. Friendly staff, clean restaurant, and quality food. 100% 5 star worthyStopped in with a bunch of 5th graders on a class trip... Picked it because the menu had something for everyone and was reasonably priced.  Man, did we get lucky!  Cheese steaks were AMAZING!  Kids said the burgers and chicken sandwich we're delicious as well.   Staff was friendly and welcoming... Which I wasn't expecting when you walk in with a bunch of kids.  They took their time and helped each of them place their orders.  Coming back next time we are in town!Not your classic experience but definitely tasty! 
Favorite was the french au jus followed by the parm fries and truffle creme fresh. Lastly its totally worth doing an Instagram shot for some free fried oreos!Chicken sandwich - do not order this!
This is a ball of salt that punches you right in the mouth, and getting you set up for high blood pressure life. 
I had to throw this out after taking two bites of this hot mess. It was my first time trying this place and it is highly disappointing. 
My friends got French onion cheesesteaks and apparently it was mediocre. Go to ocampos or sonnys instead. 
#ohbrother what a waste of money..This place!! Just opened.. Kinda sad Beirstube shut down.. lil skeptical about the new spot...
Walked in today craving burgers.
Oh man. Not only do they have PHENOMENAL regular burgers, but the vegan burger?! No soy tofu crap... instead corn n black beans and guac and pickled onions, amazing house sauce, fantastic bread great prices (get the pb&j shake..) List goes on.. Burgers on pretzels, fried oreos.........!!!!
Cheers guys, love this new spot.
You were not wrong.... Best burgers in the neighborhood.Excellent food and friendly service! We had cheesesteaks, crispy chicken sandwiches and the Mac n cheese heaven burger.New to the foodie scene in Old city so i figured I'd try this spot I've only heard good things about Oh brother they've only been here for 8 months ! I got the crispy chicken sandwich topped with the "Oh Bro sauce" , lettuce ,tomatoes and pickles ! Delicious to say the least they also offer a free order of fresh cut fries with your first check in! Lastly try their cheesesteak / cheese whiz they have the steak from heaven  I would definitely return, great customer service!Came to Philly for a conference and had my first mea here. It was great and the guy ( the owner??) was very nice. So I would definitely recommend this place. They treat the food serious :) - VivianLate on a Tuesday and I almost walked to 2nd and Market with nothing being opened! Super happy to have stumbled upon this place, which I've seen online recently. The prices are all pretty average for the neighborhood, and the cheesesteak fries, while small, were so cheesy, juicy and delicious! The steak on top was perfectly cooked, and the mac and cheese burger was cooked nicely as well. It was weird that everything closed so early, but being able to eat here was the highlight of my evening. Food came out quickly, they have a patio and indoor space, and I feel like I'll be back next time I'm around that area and need a cheesesteak.Ordered their best philly and was not disappointed.  Highly recommend.    I chose the place on a yelp recommendation and was very pleased.Great service, great food, great vibe. Visited from Va and they were beyond courteous. First time trying a Philly cheeseteak and Misty walked us through it all with a huge smile. Also it's byob (not bring your own brother like I thought  but booze!! lol) yes I said booze. That would never happen in Dc lol. Try the chili lime fries With siracha mayo Oh and they have cool desserts!By far the best cheesesteak I have had. Chili lime fries were phenomenal also. Fried Oreos were great also. Friendly staff. Our next trip to the east coast will definitely include a stop here again.Full disclosure, I am Philly cheesesteak novice. Family had a round of cheesesteak sandwiches. We thought the sandwiches were very tasty and consisted of quality ingredients, but they could  have had more moisture for my taste. The bread slightly overshadowed the meat, which was the star.  I wish I would have discovered the pickle and pepper area prior to eating my sandwich. That could have added the moistness I was hoping for. 
The restaurant is very nice and clean. The staff is very friendly and helpful.  Strong allergy conscious food prep practices for preventing cross contamination too.Have been here a couple times since they opened and the food had been great so far. Great when the weather is nice and you can sit out at the tables on MarketI had the Mac and cheese burger. It was very good and cheesy, however it was almost impossible to pick up, so I ate it with a fork and knife. Wonderful fries and staff!! Would go back again! Fresh ingredients, fast, and hot!Family friendly environment. Staff was nice. The restaurant was clean with fast service. This was my first time there and I will certainly be back! The food was amazing and the customer service was 5 star!!I really like this place!
Staff is friendly and knowledgeably about their food. 
Happy to help tourists looking for a traditional Philly.
Very clean.
Prices are on point for the area.Best and first cheese philly steak in Philly. Excellent service from Moe! You will not be disappointed.Overall pretty bad experience. We ordered on a Sunday via doordash. The food came about 45 minutes later. The cheesesteak had no flavor, the fries sucked and the milkshake had virtually no ice cream in it, rather just a cup full of milk with whipped cream on top. They also forgot to include an order of fries. Wouldn't ever go back.Love the Philly! The portion is very large, dun order too much!Great new spot for a Philly cheesesteak! Nice vibe and service. Great burger and fries options as well. Would come back!The owner is awesome!
Had a small issue and he fixed right away supper efficient!!!
Great placeHands down one of the best philly cheesesteaks I have ever had.  And you can't go without dessert, fried oreos. My favorite....Yes, yes, and yes. Had this for the first time literally minutes ago and was verrrrrru satisfied. Just got a steak sandwich with onion rings. Bread was great, meat was tender. Onions rings were huge and definitely worth the 5 bucks. Steak also decently priced at 10 bucks. Will be going back!We walked past Carmen's and heard all about Carmen's....and I tried Carmen's as well and it isn't bad. Oh Brother is just better. The last thing anyone wants is getting half way into your sandwich and realizing you're biting into soggy bland bread that's soaked in grease and cheese. 
Oh Brother is new on the block and is well worth a try. 
1) Loved the touch of a free pickle and jalapeno bar
2) Bring your own booze (take a trip to the local liquor store and enjoy your cheese steak with a can of beer)
3) Toasted bread was perfect and crunchy
4) Wasn't overly cheesy
5) Well sliced steaks not skimpy and thin like most other places
Getting a philly cheesesteak is a one or two times a year thing for me. If it's going to be that infrequent then it mind as well be the best. 
I shared half of mine and got classic American cheese. I left very stuffed and very satisfied.Excellent cheesesteak. Tried both beef and chicken. Both yummy. Also had the truffle fries. Gobbled them up!Jeez what can I say about this place, first of all were out of towners but we LOVE FOOD. BURGERS FRIES HOGIES CHEESE STEAKS. this place steak was tender and actually flavorful. The wiz is nice and melted throughout the cheesesteak
 The fries were fresh and hot! The cilantro lime fries were freakin good. A must if you love cilantro. Not only that bit the guy was REALLY supportive and his customer service has been unbeatable vs some other famous steak n cheese places. I would def come here again. 
Seating is ample. Clean and ambience is lit. 
5 stars for service. 
5 for food. Really good.Was in Philly just for the night and looking for a great burger, stumbling on Oh Brother while just 6 days old. This infant skipped crawling and went sprinting straight to flavor town! I've tried gimmicky Mac n cheese burgers before that are just lazy dumping some Mac on top of a burger, but this bad boy made the bun out of fried Mac! I'm sad now that I won't get a burger like this without crossing the country again. Followed it up with fantastic parm fries and deep fried oreos/Twinkies. Oh brother, I want another!Get the truffle cheesesteak! You won't regret it! Friendly staff, awesome interior and incredible foodThe young man working there suggested the French Onion Philly.  It had caramelized onions and horseradish sauce.  It was amazing.  Customer service was very good and the restaurant was very clean.Food always takes forever to make, which would be fine if 1) it was cooked and 2) they remembered to give me my order
I ordered onion rings a couple weeks back and they gave me unfinished rings. I took a bite and it was literally bread crumbs and onion. Only the outer part was finished.
Now I was just there and I ordered a chicken sandwich. Usually takes between 10-15 minutes for this but after 20 I asked about it and they said "oh it's been ready." They just forgot to give it to me???
Good food, but they really really need to work on their waitWent in late on a Friday Night (early Saturday AM) and walked into no wait and a half full dining room. The cashier greeted us and was extremely friendly. We ordered and sat down quickly. It wasn't too crowded given it was around 3am. My friend and I ordered fried pickles, french fries, a cheeseburger, and a smoked brisket sandwich. Everything was tasty, hot and fresh. The cheeseburger was delicious and the roll was a home run. Also the "brother sauce" they had on the cheeseburger was a perfect combo with a well cooked burger. The fries were well cooked and seasoned and the fried pickles we ordered were also extremely good. The brisket sandwich was tasty but really could have used some sort of sauce maybe some of the "brother sauce" the cheeseburger had. That was the only complaint of my entire visit. Will definitely be back to try the cheesesteak!Had the shroom truffle burger. Pretty awesome, first bite to last. Nice cook and flavor. Side of fries. Ok. Mostly nuns. End of batch. No big deal. Burger was good flavor. Cool music and environment. Plenty of inside and outside seating. Fair prices. Peace out.Maybe a Five star...really good Cheesesteak sandwich and the fries are thick cut.  It's just a short walk from the Benjamin Franklin Museum.  It was nice and warm inside on a cold rainy day.Just a bad Experience for me they got my order wrong  2 times flies everywhere and the food was  just terribleCheck your food before the driver leaves and if you order online any special instructions will be disregarded.  Just spent 90 bucks for a decent sized delivery and food was missing and sauce requests were missing.  Overall food was decent just angry that food was wrong and missing.Just had our first philly cheesesteaks.  I got the french onion cheesesteak and it was amazing!  Very friendly staff too.Take out was fast and delicious. Go for the Mac and cheese burger - 10/10!!! Also byob if you prefer that.Love this place! Have been twice and will be going back for more! Love the fact that it's BYOB- So easy to grab a six pack right around the corner and stop in for a delicious bite. Favorites are chicken tenders, friend onion cheesesteak, and sweet potato fries but you can't go wrong with anything on the menu! The guys that own the place are also amazing and so friendly! Definitely check this place out! Enjoy!Stopped here after a trip to the Museum of the American Revolution. I ordered the pulled buffalo chicken and the chili lime fries. Service was quick and the sandwich was delicious. The fries came with sriracha mayo that was excellent. My daughter had the buttermilk chicken fingers  and a chocolate milkshake that she enjoyed.
We will be backOh Brother Philly doesn't quite crack my top 3 of Philly cheesesteak establishments (i.e. Johns Roast Pork, Joe's  and Delassandro's) but it's definitely in the next tier and way better than the assembly line places (i.e. Pats, Genos, Jim's South St). Like the former, each steak is made to order so it'll take a few minutes for it to come out, but it is well worth the wait. The roll was outstanding as was the gooey, voluminous melted American cheesesteak (yes, they melt it on the meat rather than throwing cold slices of cheese on the roll a la Jim's). The meat was very flavorful and plentiful though slightly less tender than the top joints. Oh, and the onions were also fried perfectly and blended well with the other components. Overall, the sandwich is more than ample size and a viable contender among the top cheesesteaks in Philly. Will definitely be coming back.  P.S. - the burgers looked great too.Food was delicious! Couldn't ask for a better meal then the one I had. No wait at all! Staff was very courteous and helped with ideas on what to eat. Would definitely recommend this to anyone that was looking for a good meal.Fabulous! All around Delicious food. Their Meat is REAL! Great quality and wholesome. Mac n cheese is the best.Excellent service, from everyone who works there. My sandwiches were delicious not greasy or overly salty. The salad was super fresh and tasty. Would definitely come back next time I'm in town.First time trying a philly steak in Philadelphia and it was AMAZING!! Definitely recommend 11/10!What a Great find hands down the best Philly Cheesesteak!! We ordered a steak sandwich and a cheesesteak with whiz both were so very delicious its probably good I don`t live to close or I would be as big as a house! I love the way the have the meat chopped up very juicy and great taste. Staff is great and friendly and even bring out the food to your table. The decor is really nice too. Place is very busy but line goes fast and there is enough seats and also seats outside. Can`t wait to visit O Brother`s again!!I visited this burger spot in Old City. Decent layout, menu with trendy and fun for the area. Food was nice, for a place that's open til 4am, it's pretty much what i would expect...Service was quick and professional..The burger was a bit overcooked and for the price of the burger i was expecting a little more. The chili lime fries were a miss for me as well. all the flavors were at the bottom of the fry box. If I'm drunk @ 2am in old city I'd say it was a hit..if I'm sober here for lunch I'd say it's meh! 3/5 #foodie #foodtour #shenanigans #philly #burgers #ShenanigatorfoodsFood was really amazing I tired the philly cheese steak and truffle fries, my food came out fast and was brought straight to me. My girlfriend set here and waited for me to get off there was never a rush even thought she set there for about 4 hrs. and the icing on the cake is it's b.y.o.b.Oh brother was it good! Cheese steak was great! Fries were hot and tasty! No alchohol but it is welcomed to be brought in. Owner friendly and service was good.This place is new to Philly but I hope it stays around. The lady at the counter was patiently explained the different types of Philly cheesesteak sandwiches. We went with the original and a French onion. The original was the best made with onions and yes Chez Whiz. The French onion was okay but not my favorite. Let's not forget about the sweet potato and Parmesan French fries. Check them out.This is literally the BEST cheesesteak I've ever had! It embodies what a Philly Cheesesteak should taste like, juicy thinly slice 100% USDA RIBEYE STEAK. It just doesn't get any better than that, the milkshakes are INCREDIBLE and the fried Oreos top it off. I've sent everyone I know to Oh Brother on Market street and every one who ventured in are now lifetime customers. Very quaint ambiance and super friendly staff, most cleanest environment you'll ever eat a cheesesteak in, seating is comfortable and if I had to make a suggestion I'd say my favorite to try is the French Onion Cheesesteak, it is OFF THE HOOK! Try it you'll thank me!Really great first impressions. The French Onion Soup Cheesesteak was really good and had a gourmet taste without venturing too far from it's origins. The garlic truffle fries were also a great add on and fries were free with a Yelp check in. I'll definitely be back to try the burgers and wings.Loved it! The truffle burger, and Mac n cheese burger were juicy! We also tried the fried pickles and lime fries! Which were delicious!! I'm a condiment freak and love extra everything! I asked for extra dipping sauce and ohhh they gave me extra! Which I appreciated! Will definitely be back again!Wow, I had the chicken cheese steak with American cheese, onions and it was so good! I stopped here after visiting the liberty bell as it was only a short walk away. This is hard to compare but the taste reminded me of the chicken chop cheese I used to get in my local bodega in NYC. I would 100% go back.This is a fabulous cheesesteak sandwich shop!! Go for the gust and get the cheesesteak with onions and horseradish!! You will not be sorry!  The onion rings are great, the fries are big steak cut fries and you'll be full before you know it.   Outstanding place to eat!!!Food: thought the cheesesteak was average and slightly under seasoned but the bread was toasty and crispy. The truffle Parmesan fries were good, especially when dipped in mayo. The best part were the pickles on the pickle bar.Just can't say enough good things about this place. Clean and quaint. Food is fabulous. Jordan was the waiter/ cashier. He is friendly, helpful, genuinely nice person. He was patient as he helped us order. These Philadelphia cheesesteaks were out of the park. So glad we decided to eat our lunch there. The fried pickles are truly outstanding as well. High marks.If you want an authentic and A+ Philly cheesesteak, this is your place. AMAZING.
I have tried more cheesesteaks than anyone I know. I traditionally trash most "famous" cheesesteaks as being average. 
This cheesesteak is BOMB. The size, the bread, the cheese, THE STEAK AND ONIONS!!! All of them are perfect and and in right proportions. This is number 2 on my list and moving forward will be the "go-to" place to treat people to a cheesesteak for the first time as #1 (Joe's) is not as authentic.
If you want an authentic and A+ Philly cheesesteak, this is your placeI got the cheesesteak.  Oh Brother, Brother Mo, My brother in Cheesesteaks. There is a new Cheesesteak Sheriff in town!!  Oh Brother that was a great cheesesteak and it didn't kill the wallet!!  A few more pieces of cheese, please.  BYOBMy new favorite spot in Olde City! My first time here and the food was AMAZING! Fresh ingredients! I felt so welcomed and one of the owners (I'm sorry, but I didn't know how to spell his name) was AMAZING!!!!! He was so informative! The best food! Will be back again and highly recommend!The food is okay. The customer service is absolutely horrible. They should fire the entire staff and start again. Never, ever do they get the online orders correct. Last time they argued about using Seamless.  Don't order!Good priced food and solid menu. I got the mac and cheese burger where the mac and cheese took over all flavor. The burger was well done and not very tasty. Still a good experience and worth trying something new.A new and rising cheesesteak spot that is sure to be in discussions for best steak within the next couple years as long as they keep up the good work. Great quality angus steak and amazing cheeses, ask for both wiz and American. Roll is not the best but also not bad at all. From a cheesesteak connoisseur, this is a top 6 place in the city already. Employees could be more approachable though.This food was amazing! We drove up for cheesesteaks and decided because there were two spots on the same street to try both. Winner goes home to share. We got a plain cheesesteak with the grilled veggies on the side (lettuce & tomatoes was $1 extra). The authentic steak itself was flavored well and packed well on the sandwich. The chili lime fries were amazinnnng, must try! The shake however, was good but average. Try to explore other options for cheesesteaks rather than the "famous" seen on tv ones, you might be surprised. 
The only thing I didn't like about this place was the cashier seemed to be frustrated while taking our second order.Been trying different Philly cheesesteaks while in town, this was the best by far! Took a little long to get the food but it was well worth the wait.This place doesnt actually have a strong name for itself, but I will only attest to one food item as being remarkably delicious. Granted, it's not for everyone but it was a surprise: their fried oreos!
Food:
 - Fried Oreos ($4): This was the perfect treat to order, and my friend and I both were immensely surprised how delicious, sweet, and perfectly soft but crunchy the whole oreo was. The exterior batter had a light chocolate drizzle and powdered sugar but the perfect fried firmness with the slightly dense but light interior and the slightly melty Oreo was PERFECT. WOW. Maybe County Fair food spoils everything fried, but this one was a gourmet option and it was worthy of its own recognition. Love love loved it!
 - Chili Lime Fries ($5): Nothing really special about the fries, but if you're just wanting some good crunches, this is a nice option. Again, not really special even with the spice. 
Pros:
 - Clean modern interior.
 - Quick and easy ordering. Yelp has only less than 100 reviews for them but somehow Google or Tripadvisor has like 700? Interesting. Usually it's the other way around!
Cons:
 - Their free pickles in the jar are/were a bit too soft. No more crunch to them which was disappointing...
In the end I had a great time enjoying my Oreo. That was the only thing memorable - almost 5 star worthy! And that's a big deal because I LOVE anything Oreo. Thanks for setting the bar high!The food was definitely less than expected. If I was highly intoxicated I could see it tasting a little bit better. The ranch dressing tastes like horseradish which is personally not my forte. The staff were however very friendly and our food came out fast and hot. I had the pulled buffalo chicken sandwich which was much more tasty than my friends Mac n cheese burger.Work very close to here, and currently on a Roast Pork Across Philly Tour (not a real thing). Avoid the roast pork sandwich here at all costs. Meat is dry and fatty. Long hot pepper is half the size of the sandwich. Very underwhelmed. Free pepper bar is a plus - they were good. Pork sandwich was not.This place found me, I didn't find it. Looking for a new lunch spot near my office and the guy out front recruited me in with his charm, though I would have left if I couldn't find something good. I got the chicken sandwich and will post a picture of it since they promised me fried Oreos but I can assure you this review is of my own accord. Great food, location, vibe. They're new so just need to be slightly quicker but overall not as long as the nearby places. Definitely found a new lunch spot.I know they're known for their cheesesteaks but I had the most amazing Cobb salad there today. Sometimes you want to go on the healthier side and it's so nice to know that oh brother now has delicious fresh salads. I can't wait to try all of the other varieties.This place was great.  We were being tourists in old Philly and the gal at the visitor center recommended Oh Brother. Since it also had good reviews on yelp we decided to give it a try for authentic Philly cheese steaks.  We went w the original and YUMMY it was so good and big enough to share.  The salad was surprisingly excellent and fresh too!   The cheese burger and fries were good too.  The service was attentive as well on a busy Saturday night.Oh Brother Philly had been bookmarked for a few months before I finally surrendered to my cheeseburger craving one day, placing my delivery order with the help of Door Dash. 
My cheeseburger actually exceeded expectations and in terms of size, it was the Goldilocks of cheeseburgers. Perfectly seasoned, juicy, and fresh, with crisp lettuce, ripe tomato, and their signature sauce, all wrapped in the hug of a bakery-fresh brioche bun, sigh. My side of truffle parmesan fries were trufflicious and highly addictive *but* the promised side of garlic mayo was nowhere to be found. 
That's why I'm deducting a star. Garlic mayo is everything. And with truffle fries? It's my world.
I'll visit irl to sample other Oh Brother menu selections, without 1.5 miles and a dasher standing between me and my burger. I'm sure my food will be piping hot and even more delicious. And if they forget my garlic mayo then?
I'll walk up to the damn counter to claim it.Good food but long wait for just burgers. Kinda soggy bun but the actual meat and toppings were amazing.Great experience love it so good I eat much of it to get less hungry. I will always remember. For. I am a grieving cat.This spot has a good location for wondering around old town Philly but average food. French fries are delicious. Burgers, OK. Had a cheesesteak sandwich that was mediocre at best for what I have had from other places. Bland meat and plain onions. If it weren't for the crusty bread the sandwich would have been bad. On to the next one.Clean, clean, clean... Friendly and happy staff.. food was made fresh and served hot...my check in got a order of fries free...and they were upgraded to truffle fries. The pepper jars at the condiments station were a nice touch if you like em HOT!Can't come to Philly and not have a cheesesteak! I won't lie, I've never had a cheesesteak before so you can only imagine my excitement!  I've lived in NYC my whole life and my hubby and I love to try our new places.  I was visiting with 5 other family members and we initially stopped by Sonny's but the inside didn't look too appealing.  I rushed back on Yelp and found Oh Brother Philly. It was neat, spacious and the staff were accommodating. We ordered a variety of things to try out.  The best for me we're the original cheesesteak and lime fries.  Only thing that threw me off were the pickled jars near the disposable utensils counter.  It was quite messy. Otherwise, everything was great. 
PS. The wings were subpar - wouldn't recommended. Then again, it is a sandwich joint so can't expect great wings.A great burger place has been long overdue in this neighborhood. This is the spot. Worth the wait.By the time we stopped wandering long enough to realize we were hungry we were HUNGRY. We luckily found Oh Brother!  I ordered a burger with bacon, my husband ordered a Mac and cheese burger and we split an order of fries. 
My burger was perfect and the fries were amazing. My husband said his was good but a little to cheesey (it was a Mac and cheese burger...). The food was quick, hot, and everyone at the counter was friendly!  If we go back to Philly we will be back!Great philly steak! Highly recommend coming here. One thing that stands out here over the other philly steak subs is the fresh warm bread. We also ordered the Philly cheesesteak fries with wiz, so good!!! The owner is super welcoming and friendly, he even gave us fried Oreos on the house! Definitely will come back when we visit Philly again!DELICIOUS. We had the smoked briskest sand which, buffalo chicken sandwich, philly steak fries with American cheese, and the salted caramel pretzel shake. DEF RECOMMEND!!We decided to go to Philly for cheesesteaks for lunch today. There is street parking as well as pay lots in the area. We ordered 3 cheesesteaks and 1 smoked brisket sandwich. We also had a large order of fries. They do have cheez whiz which is a requirement in my son's opinion. Unfortunately they do not have Coke products. There is a clean bathroom for patrons only. There's seating with a long banquette and free standing tables. They had self serve peppers and separate jar of pickles which were good. Ordering was done at the counter and then delivered to our table. When we were done, someone stopped by our table to collect our plastic trays. The sandwiches overall were good. It would've been a rating of 4 stars except we didn't like that the sandwich buns were toasted and we didn't care for the thick cut French fries. Otherwise I liked that the people were friendly and it was clean with a nice atmosphere.We did a lot of research for our official Philly cheesesteak meal and decided on Oh Brother. It did not disappoint - amazing cheesesteaks, fantastic French fries and loved the pickled peppers!Good food... good price. Best part is ther pickles near the drink fountain. 
Ther cheesesteak  is good tooI was visiting from Cleveland and stumbled upon this restaurant. I must say, the Food was sooooooo good! I ordered the chicken philly! In Cleveland, our philly steaks come from Charley's Steak, which is good as well, but Oh Brother definitely tops this and I will be going back! 
Also, I had the fried Oreo....OMG!! It was amazing!!! 
PS: it sucks you have to add toppings at an additional cost, but I loaded my sandwich up anywayVisiting philly and we were in the mood for some late night grub. The place reminded me of a 5 guys but way better. I ordered the philly cheesesteak and chili lime fries and my boyfriend had the buffalo chicken sandwich. The cheesesteak was juicy and it was served on italian bread which I loved! Crunchy and soft. I always order my cheesesteaks with cheese whiz because it just melts right into the sandwich. The chili lime fries came with sriracha mayo and it was so delicious. The buffalo chicken sandwich was a bit of a surprise because I expected a fried chicken patty and it was actually shredded buffalo chicken. It was so fresh and delicious! 2 thumbs up for the food.Absofreakinglutely amazing!!!  I loved it! Two of my favorite Philly Cheesesteak places are neighbors to Oh Brother Philly and it was hard to break away from them, but I'm glad I did! The bread, the meat, the cheese, it was all magical!Oh Brother!!!! I wish you were my brother!!!! Just had the French onion cheesesteak! OMG!!!!! The best I ever had! And the French fries!!! Pure heaven!!! I will be back in Philly soon to try another cheesesteak!Ordered the chicken tenders, for 9 bucks you can get 5 nugget sized chicken tenders.  Not worth the priceEverything was great!  The cheesesteaks were fantastic and super hot. The Parmesan truffle fries are awesome as well. The service at Oh Brother was fantastic!  We will definitely go again when we are in Philly.Best Philly steak sandwich  I've ever had! Bread was light and crispy just right, steak was fresh, plus great service, kind!Food is fabulous but it takes a really really long time to get your order.  So second time there, we placed order on line to save time.. they never got the order,even though we had confirmation and a pick up time, so we had the extra long wait again.   ugg.These guys were great!! They provided us with food in a timely manner and their cheese Whiz was fantastic!! Very friendly staff and fast service. I'd come her again. The only faux pas I had was that they only have 1 restroom and it's based on keypad lock. So I was waiting to go inside not knowing that somebody wasn't in there and had to put in the keypad. Quite confusing. Keep the restroom unlocked unless someone else is in there.The food is very good and I've come away impressed with every meal I've had. The service is average but is well worth it for the food. An issue I have is they always have movies on the tv's instead of sports. As a Philly establishment, they should know that people going to a cheesteak, burger place would rather watch sports than a rerun movie.Solid place. Seems to put out consistently good food. Preferred the French Onion Cheesesteak over the Classic with Cheese Whiz. Their plain French fries were fantastic. They're a thicker cut fry that is fried crispy on the outside, but are extremely soft on the inside and slightly seasoned (could use a little more salt, but that is an easy thing to add yourself). Didn't care for the truffle and park fries, but I think that is due to just a personal preference in flavor. Beyond the food the restaurant area is clean, which always makes for a better dining experience.Great customer service. As a tourist I got the cheesesteak and it was amazing! The cheese sauce is godly. Very clean! Better than Geno's and Pat's!Excellent new comer! Creamy cheese, flavorful.  Truffle fries are amazing and intenseNot exactly what I expected because it's more like a 5 guys but a little classier. Burger was over cooked!One of the more spacious cheesesteak places! Very cute - super yummy. Fast service and they even brought the steaks to the table! Definitely would recommend!I love their fried mushrooms. The staff is a bit unattentive but it has potential to get better. One of the owners mothers was working one day I stopped in, she was lovely! I'd come back just to see her, but the food is tasty. Mac n cheese on a burger with truffle fries....there's really no wat to go wrong honestly!These burgers (favorite is the shroom truffle one) are consistently awesome! It's great to finally have a restaurant in old city that's doesn't kill your wallet! 
The cheese fries and chili lime fries are awesome too.  The staff is always supper friendly and personable. 
Overall, everything about this place is great, and I couldn't recommend it more!The cheesesteak was def a solid one. The cheesesteak competition is just so stiff in Philly. I would say it ranks above the average cheesesteak, but slightly below the elite. The reason why it gets 5 stars is because the roll is perfect, the meat fresh and delicious, and the cheese ratio is great.First time in Philadelphia so of course have to have a cheesesteak.  Looked up reviews and this was near the top, and close to where I was. Did not disappoint with the taste!  Tender meat with whiz, slightly crunchy bread and large sandwich size from what I'm used to. Clean inside with friendly staff.  Would highly recommend if you are in the area.As far as cheesesteaks, Pat's and Geno's are the place everyone recommends when visiting Philadelphia. I tried both and they ARE  both very good. 
However, on this trip we walked along Market Street before our Museum visit. Cheesesteak was on our minds and saw Oh Brother had a line. Good sign right? Boy were we right!
Thus far, it's the best cheesesteak sandwich I ever had. In Philly or elsewhere. Just the right combination of meat, onions and cheese on this great tasting bread. The fries were also very good and a regular order is easily shareable for two. Their complimentary homemade pickles are not to be missed!Nice place with a great Philly cheesesteak! They do it right with a crusty roll that can take all the cheesy, greasy goodness that a real Philly sandwich has to have. Meat was tender and piled high and you can add on toppings as well. Nice seating inside to enjoy your food at too.The food here is good. No longer are the days where the best cheesesteak in Philly is between a few contenders. Oh Brother delivers a Philly style knockout to anybody in the ring claiming they have the best cheesesteak. They have so many great options for food that whatever you have a taste for, you'll find it here. Come thru!!My god has yelp never been so
Right!!!! 
This place is awesome - the girl with gorgeous curly hair and a positive attitude was a DELIGHT and helped us pick the best items off the menu. We mentioned the fact that I was vegetarian and I quickly went to order the one vegan burger but she let us know that we could sub that patty into other burgers so I was very excited to try the guacamole one. My Bf got a cheesesteak and continues to rave about how amazing it was - and he ate a billion while we were in town but puts this place at the top! Thank you for great service and excellent food! We'll be back!!Best cheesesteak in Old City! Runny gooey cheese but somehow not mushy bread, they've mastered the delicious dirty impossible cheesesteak! And oh snap, those fried Oreos may have changed my life...ps they're also open till 4am (hello post-drinking food) and BYOB!I brought my son here and he got a classic burger and a salted caramel milkshake. He loved it. And the place is nice looking and the service was nice and friendly. We will definitely be back.Yay! I'm a fan. Everything from the friendly service to my delicious crispy chicken sandwich was great! Buttermilk chicken breast fried and topped with oh brother sauce (Oh Brother Philly's special sauce, yummy!) lettuce, pickles, and tomatoes on a brioche bun along with some fresh cut french fries was my order. 
Oh Brother Philly is the perfect spot for a quick bite or even a late night snack. Located right in the heart of downtown Philly is where you can find Oh Brother Philly. As someone who loves great food and fast service, I would def make this a stop on your list! I also heard the burgers here are even more incredible (I will be back to form an opinion on that) and not to mention the fried oreos! 
Overall, I would say come to Oh Brother Philly and try everything for yourself. Reasonable prices, great service, and tasty food! They are also open late and it's BYOB.Ahh! Forgot to take photo but the cheesesteaks here are so goood!! After having lunch at Sonny we decided to grab a cheesesteak here for dinner and I prefer Oh Brother Philly more. Get the French Onion Cheesesteak and you won't regret it. Woot!Delicious! Late night food, was worth it. Got a philly and some cheese fries. Their milkshakes were great as well.Absolutely amazing Philly Cheesesteak! You have got to come down and try it! Brought the whole family in and it was fantastic!WILL NEVER GO BACK HERE AGAIN! I've been an avid customer of this place. Cheesesteaks were always good. Today my boyfriend went to pick up our food and while waiting he saw a worker eat out of our food, and they then proceeded to serve us the food that he ate out of. I could not believe it, and they will never get my business again. Who knows what else they do back there.Had the best philly cheese steak I've had here! The original French onion Cheese steak! Loved the caramelized sauce with the French onions. The Ribeye was on point! Tasty and juicy!I ordered a cheese steak via Grubhub for delivery, I didn't expect the sandwich to be hot, but I wasn't looking for it to be cold either, the fries were soggy and the chicken was half done.
This was the absolute worse cheese steak ever, the roll was stale and hard on both ends, why? Are you giving customers old stale bread. I asked for fried onions, they were sautéed not fried and they were crunchy. I asked for ketchup well there was none on it at all.
I explained my dissatisfaction and thankfully Grubhub reimbursed me and I ended up throwing everything into the trash.Very respectable cheesesteak and fries.  They take a little time to make them but it's worth it.  I would def put it in my top 5.  I liked how the bread was crusty and had a snap to it, lots of meat and cheese and nice sized chopped fried onions.  Steve Prince's still my top, but I would recommend this shop to anyone in Old City, especially tourists.The food was tasty and the ingredients fresh. It was worth the price. The workers were respectful and courteous. I would recommend it to others when they're in the area.Just nothing special about this place. The cheesesteak was just ok. I don't think it compares to cleavers. Not bad....just not great.I've been stressing out all weekend about finding the best cheesesteak in Philly. There are literally cheesesteak places everywhere! So, I went with Oh Brother Philly for my first Philly cheesesteak in Philly and it was good! It was super fresh and they use 100% Ribeye Meat for their cheesesteaks.I was super hungry when I started my search for food yesterday. I found Oh Brother Philly and noticed their fried Oreos on the menu. I was sold at that very moment. I had to take the drive to see those fried Oreos in person. 
I arrived and was pleasantly surprised to be greeted by a very warm, and welcoming gentleman who was very happy to take my order. I decided to try the fried Oreos, cheese steak with fries onions with American cheese AND the parmasean truffle fries. 
I received my food and ran to my car to destroy, I mean sample the Oreos. Ahhhh, they were sooo good. I really enjoyed the fact that the Oreos were not super sweet like the typical fried Oreos you get at an amusement park or carnival. I feel that Oh Brother managed to make their Oreos taste like they were surrounded by fluffy cake. Yum!
I moved on to my truffle fries, which were crispy and tasty. I enjoyed the aioli dipping sauce that accompanied the fries. Later in the day, I tried a small piece of my cheese steak before my better half arrived home and asked if he could have it. It was all down hill from there bc I couldn't tell if I would have enjoyed it or not based on my small sample.
Since I didn't get to really try my cheese steak, I guess I will have to return to Oh Brother Philly this week to try ANOTHER cheese steak AND a Nutella milkshake.Very good cheesesteak and truffle Parmesan 
fries. This place definitely competes with the best cheesesteak spots in Philly. Plus, the burgers are good as well! Great guys and good cooks!I got the cheesesteak sandwich! It was really good! The hot peppers they have on the side are delicious!Food was delicious. I had the vegan burger and chili lime  fries. The burger was one of the best I've had. I would definitely order it again. Next time, I would order regular fries. The chili lime fries were not worth the extra cost. 
Service was great. 
Cleanliness was great. 
Location was amazing.Lots of pickled free toppings if you like that. And really solid fries. Good spot in a great location, and not too expensive.Deserves all 5 stars because I cant think of anything that was wrong! From the start the staff was super nice, I believe the owner took our order and he was awesome! We got fried pickles and 2 cheese steaks. Living in philly this is the best cheese steak I have had yet. The fried pickles were perfectly breaded. All in all we will definitely be back, already craving it again and it's only been 2 daysHighly friendly staff and great customer service but the fried Oreos were nowhere near as good as the ones you can make at home or get at the local fair.I got a cheesesteak with provolone here. Friendly service and it was ready very quickly. The cheese didn't taste like anything and overall it was a bit bland. I also think I prefer chopped steak to the sliced steak here. I know everyone has their favorites around here. Sonny's is a little more my jam.Cheesesteak sandwich with American cheese. Phenomenal. Had it two nights in a row. Fried Oreos were also a family hit.Overrated.
I ordered French cheesesteak, crispy chicken sandwich, and sharoom truffle burger and everything was mediocre.Very good cheese steak and fry joint. Asked for some extra sauce and no problem. Good came out quick and hot. Will be backHad the truffle mushroom burger, which was one of the best burgers I've ever had.  Loved the crunch of the thin fried onions with the truffle creme fraiche and gruyere.  It tasted like a classic New York steak at Del Monico's with fried onions and blue cheese but in burger form.  Amazing flavors and I can't mention the CRUNCH of the fried onions enough.  It was basically as crunchy as chicharron.Stopped by after seeing all the wonderful Yelp reviews and we were not disappointed! As a KY native and an OH transplant with a PA boyfriend, I finally had the cheesesteak I'd been waiting for!! The burgers were awesome too and the fries were some of the best ever! We'll definitely be back next time we visit!Oh Brother Philly did not disappoint in the Cheesesteak category. We were very nicely greeted by Misty who was very helpful in helping our family of six make selections from their amazing menu. Her patience was great! 
The overall atmosphere has a very old school vibe and since we're in a historic city it was pretty cool.
We all got filled up with the generous sized steak sandwiches which were very good. Although, the fried onions could have been cooked a little longer and needed a little bit of seasoning. Other than that it was very good. The French fries were spot on! And the cheesesteak fries were great.Ordered and paid, then looked in the kitchen. Walked out. Food preparers holding food (like hamburger rolls and condiments that won't be cooked) and not wearing masks. Person taking order and packing food to go wearing mask over mouth, nose uncovered. No gloves. I am happy things are re-opening. Would like everyone to work together to keep it that way.My family (wife and 6 and 5 year old daughters) stopped in for dinner and we enjoyed every bit of it. My wife got a burger, kids got fries and tenders, and I got the chicken sandwich! The house made sauce for the chicken was sweet and definitely added to the sandwich. I also liked that I could grab fresh peppers and pickles on the condiment table. The fries had good texture and just a hint of seasoning! I would definitely come back!Great customer service, ample seating space, and good food. The only downfall is that there is one toilet for everyone. But the food is worth the toilet waitI can finally say I endured the best cheesesteak in Philly. My heart feels so warm and content after stopping by here.Amazing cheesesteaks! Make no mistake, this is the place to go. Avoid the tourist traps like Geno's or Pat's. I tried them too after and they don't even compete.  Finely chopped steak, lots of melted cheese and a toasted bun. Nothing even compares to Oh Brother!I had a late night out of Philly on New Years Day and this was the only place still until 11pm on Market Street.
After talking to the cash register girl, I ended up getting the French Onion Cheese Steak. It comes with Rib Eye meat, creamy horseradish sauce (not spicy), caramelized onions, and Swiss cheese for about $12.75. Supposedly the truffle Parmesan fries are popular too, but I refrained from additional food.
Overall the sandwich was pretty good, but nothing too special. I think I will stick with Campo's when in that area, or Pat's overall for the city.