I literally spent $40 on 3 breakfast sandwiches, a small coffee, and a small orange juice. All 3 of the sandwiches were supposed to be the same, and they instead gave me sausage and eggs. I'm not usually one to complain, but this price is unacceptable for the wrong food.I love love love this place the food and coffee were great. I got Strawberry White Mocha and The A.B.E and it was perfect. Definitely come back.The food is OK, and the decor is somewhat trendy.  But the prices are out of this world.  And on top of that, they don't have prices on anything, so you just pay up because really, who cancels orders after they've been given?  Downstairs seating is ridiculous as people are always falling over you.  But if you want to look really trendy, this is where you should sit I guess.  There are better places for coffee and a breakfast in the city.I dig this cute little place. Food and coffee are great. But every time I come in here the counter person doesn't listen and messes up my order. I just find that trend interesting. Listen to your customers. Listen when you ask a question. It's almost amusing at this point.I love their coffee, pastries, and they're super friendly.   All around, the perfect neighborhood coffee shop.This place is wonderful. The staff has always been nothing but helpful and friendly and nothing short of amazing. The food is so good. I can't wait to bring people here the next time I have guests who want to do brunch. It's a hidden gem that isn't always super crowded. They have tons of seating inside and out. They always have super fun drink specials according to a certain theme. My favorite so far has been the philly beer week theme. I had a 'Brawler' inspired coffee. SO GOOD! The seating upstairs and down is super cozy. It's a great place for studying it reading. I just really love it here. I wish it was open later than 5 but I can deal with that. Love love love!One shot is a good summer coffee spot because there iced coffee and iced mocha are really good.  Their hot espresso drinks, however, are not.  I ordered one once and haven't since.  More recently, I tried a friend's; it reminded me to stick to my guns.  I haven't had their regular hot coffee, but one of these days I'll give it a try.
What I am totally obsessed with is Will's Bagel.  Honey, cream cheese, and almonds.  Get it on a cinnamon raisin bagel.  So good!  I make these at home now on weekdays, but they're much better here.Sigh.. Here's another disappointing cafe experience in Philly.
My boyfriend and I were excited to come here after reading so many positive Yelp reviews, only to discover that the food was below mediocre. Maybe they were just having a bad day, who knows.
We ordered a simple mocha latte, the ultimate breakfast sandwich on a bagel, and a regular plate of breakfast food items (forgot the menu name). 
First, the ultimate breakfast sandwich: besides the bagel tasting like rubber, the sandwich overall was overwhelmingly greasy. I recall the grease literally dripping down and forming a puddle on the plate while my boyfriend was struggling to eat it. He said it was almost nauseating to eat. I tried it too, and noticed that the fried ingredients in the sandwich, most noticeably the hash browns, were fried in OLD oil. Man, that scent was bad. 
Same applied for the second item, the regular breakfast plate; the main part was a biscuit sandwich with eggs and bacon. The biscuit was, wait for it.. OVERWHELMINGLY MILKY and buttery, which was also nauseating to me, and of course, the hash browns.. No need to repeat myself. The few bites of side salad were good though, but you can't really go wrong with veggies. 
The bad experience with the food basically ruined the mocha latte. I can't even remember if it tasted decent or not.
I really wanted to like this place, but they need to tone it down with the grease and butter. :-( 
Also, before I forget, everything we ordered came out to be around $30. Is it worth..?This place hits the spot.  I didn't try the coffee, but went with tea instead, so I can't comment on the coffee's goodness today.  What I can say is they place great tunes, there is plenty of space, the wifi doesn't poop out, and the decor & vibe of the place is perfect for me (kinda country, chill).  The egg sammy I ordered is delish, hot and cheesy.
I'm working here very productively, with a view of the horse stable out the window.  So I'll definitely be back here to work and chow down again.I've never eaten here, so I can't speak for the food. But the coffee is delicious, the staff is always cheerful and very helpful and eager to recommend their favorites. Very nice ambiance for sitting and relaxing with a cup of coffee and a book -- nice cozy atmosphere for a city coffee shop.Really love this place!! First time here i had the crissiont french toast which was amazing!! I came in today and had a pumpernickel bagel with sicilian cream cheese it was really good!!!Food is ok everything is just so overpriced. Just found out they use store-bought orange juice in a gallon and sell it for $5 a cup like it's fresh squeezed.The Huevos Rancheros is crazy good! Packed with flavor, and a really good, large portion. The service at One Shot was also super pleasant. The staff was very sweet, and helpful. Also had "Toms Dirty Chai" which is so damn good if you want a semi sweet chai drink.you could say this place is pricey but it is easily worth every penny. with a plethora of choices as far as neighborhood cafes are concerned, i have deemed it my absolute favorite. delectable seasonal drink menus as well as a regularly updated specials menu, there are always a multitude of options as well as some savory standbys. plenty of vegan options as well. have i mentioned how friendly and efficient the staff are? to top it off, the decore is simply adorable and quaint, perfect for reading a book alone or enjoying brunch with friends.Can't believe it took me more than a year to get around to One Shot in my neighborhood!  It's a terrific space with a stylish reclaimed style without looking like a mish mash of furniture from a garage sale.  
The baristas are knowledgable about all the beverages and the menu.  Coffee concoctions are unique!  They have a regular menu plus 5 specials.  Eggs are a specialty.  I had the Ultimate Breakfast Sandwich  (fried egg, brie, hash brown on brioche) and it's creeping into my 'Top 3' sandwiches in Philadelphia.  (I have to have a few more to secure the spot  on my list)
Best of all is the consistency of hours.  They are open early, and the kitchen is ready by 8am, so good to have a place for early birds like me.  Looking forward to returning to try their lunch items.A nice little outpost of Portland in Philly. After spending $24 on brunch, though, I had to leave because they couldn't get the Wi-Fi working. Popped over to SweetSpot, ordered a tea and got right on.one of the best cafe interiors in the city. not to mention i had one of the best macchiatos there. having had the pleasure of visiting stumptown in "stumptown" they do the roaster justice. a favorite.Can I just live here? 
This is by far my favorite place to grab breakfast in no libs. Not only does it have the coziest atmosphere, but the food and drinks here are top notch. For the longest time I did not know there was an upstairs seating area here, so if you go be sure to enjoy your fare upstairs because it is just so pleasant (and less crammed than the downstairs area).
I always have a tough time figuring out what to order because everything is just so darn good! Each dish is unique and has something special about it above just a regular omlette or breakfast sandwich. 
Only downside to this place if you are looking for a traditional weekend brunch to cure your hangover with more booze, is that this place does not serve alcohol.
Last but not least... do yourself a favor and get one of their mini cronuts.I think they are on the pricey side but I am never disappointed with quality. Soy mochas are delicious!Love this place! Had the egg white omelette with veggies and hash browns. It tastes so good and fresh! Their coffee and cappuccino is amazing as well. Very small place but it's definitely worth the trip. It's located in a hole in the wall and not as easy to find driving down since it's small and the streets their are very narrow. Also their huevos rancheros are really good. Definitely coming back and recommendCappuccino, lattes and filtered coffee are excellent. Haven't tried the food so can't comment on that. Barristas are unfriendly and rude. Get your act together One Shot. Something isn't right here.The new One Shot is stunning, the coffee has dramatically improved, and the atmosphere is phenomenal.  As a Seattle girl, I have been desperately seeking a good cafe in which to get some work done, on a solid table that doesn't wobble, with an excellent cup of coffee.  This is it, people.  This is it.
My only complaint is how damn EXPENSIVE it is.  
Oh and bring good headphones, because for some reason, they play the music really loud.I loved this place! It seems small from the outside but it is surprisingly big on the inside, with a grand upstairs great for chilling and working. I ordered the A.B.E. sandwich (brioche bun, goat cheese, egg whites, etc.) which was absolutely phenomenal! Every part of the sandwich was delicious and well formed. I also ordered a drip coffee which was very good as well. The service was excellent. The vibes inside the coffee shop were chill and hipstery. Not gonna lie, the area surrounding this place is kind of sketchy. But this place is awesome and I would 100% go back. This place is everything I want in a coffee shop!A hidden gem if I have to say so myself, this small cafe in Philly is a great brunch place with a very distinct character.  I was drawn to this place one day when I wanted brunch food right after my monthly visit to the St. Johh Neumann shrine nearby.  The space is quite small, like every thing else in this part of the city and the age of the building really shows, but for this little coffee house it works perfectly.  And  they certainly have garnered quite a following especially with the solid four star rating on Yelp.  The prices are quite on the expensive side just as a heads up but the flavor and quality is all there.  I ordered the One Shot Breakfast Sandwich which is scrambled eggs and cheddar cheese on a brioche bun.  I added sausage to it because every breakfast sandwich needed sausage, bacon, or ham.  It's one of those unwritten rules.    The sandwich will set you back $7.75 and some change which like I said before is pricey but I didn't mind because it was pretty big and they cooked in perfectly.  The scrambled eggs were light and fluffy.  I'm not kidding it really was light and fluffy and the sausage didn't taste like Jimmy Dean's.  At that price point I should have expected it but I was still pleasantly surprised.  I paired my sandwich with a gingerbread orange tea from Tea Source and it was heavenly.  It was sweet and aromatic with just the right amount of citrus flavor which I associate with a good brunch drink.  If you're not a tea aficionado One Shot serves the best java with their nice selection from Stumptown Coffee.  You can tell that their baristas truly know what's up.  I'm glad I made my way to this coffee shop.  It's a great place to have breakfast, lunch, or a combination of both.  I can say one thing for sure; it may have the name One Shot but they truly have a bulls-eye in my book!Good food, great coffee. Think of the stereotype of what a coffee shop should look like...One Shot makes that dream a reality. Only downside is that it's a little pricey for what they offer, nothing that breaks the bank though! Friendly staff and lots of options for where to camp out and enjoy your caffeineMy husband and I went for breakfast the morning after my friends wedding and I absolutely loved this place!  It is so cute and the latte i ordered was delicious.  I had the Hudson bagel- bacon, Brie, apple slice, and  cherry jam absolutely the best combination of ingredients on an everything bagel I've had in many years!  My mouth is still watering.  The staff is super friendly and I love the upstairs that is geared to the local college students who want to come study and have a cup of joe.  We live in NJ but there are some days that I wouldn't mind driving down there for the Hudson bagel and a latte! Def check this place out if your in the areaSuper cute cafe! I ordered the standard with sausage. Whatever sauce that was on there had me licking my fingers lol The best cappuccino I've had, so far. My friend and I ordered our food/drinks and sat on the couch so I've yet to even check out the upstairs. That will definitely be saved for another day. Added to my fav place indeed! Don't know what the other reviewers are saying about the rude baristas. They were all nice and pleasant.This is a cool coffee shop tucked in the corner of George Street. It has that very homey/chill type of feeling as soon as you walk in. The barista was friendly for it being early morning, so kudos to that. I ordered an Iced Mexican Mocha and a bagel with scallion cream cheese. The Mocha was a good pick me up and had a nice helping of cinnamon for that spiced surpirse. The bagel was delicious and just what I needed to fill my stomach. They are a bit on the pricey side because this all came close to 10 bucks! It is still a decent coffee shop that I may frequent if I stay around the area. Minimum 10 dollars to charge a card is a joke. Most coffee shops don't do this!One of my favorite coffee spots in Philly. Always get the Tom's dirty chai - not too sweet and they offer weekly?variations on chai and other beverages if that's your thing (I'm partial to the original). Pastries here are amazing great flavors from the cronuts to lemon bars and cookies...a little on the pricey side (mostly the cronuts because they're small) but still tasty.This is the quintessential neighborhood coffee shop.  I like the shabby chic decor.  My initial intention was to get a cup of coffee and move on, but I was starving!  So I decided to take a look at the brunch menu.  The chicken and egg dish stood out to me so I ordered it.  I ordered the house coffee to go along with it.  Their coffee is from Sumptown coffee roasters out of Brooklyn.  Sumptown is well known among coffee connoisseurs.  I was excited to taste a cup from this artisanal coffee roaster. The coffee was good.  It was not the best drip coffee I ever had, but it was good. 
My entree arrived and it dawned on me that this is a unique twist on chicken and waffles.  The French toast had an egg in the middle of it, which is very creative.  This dish totally blew me away.  My chicken was moist and the exterior was very crunchy.  The French toast was great.  You can't go wrong when you choose Brioche for making French toast. 
The service was good and the staff was friendly.  I found the atmosphere to be a nice place to relax with a cup of coffee.  I really enjoyed the selection of 70's soul music they were playing.  They also sell tea and pastries.  I bought an oatmeal, peanut butter, chocolate chip cookie that was delish.  What else more can one ask for from a coffee shop besides good coffee, good food and good service?  This place has it all.In a few words: Quaint. Plethora of pastries (they even have cornets!). Slightly overpriced.
Tucked away behind cute apartments in Fishtown, I found the adorable One Shot Coffee that comes up at the top of Yelp search results for coffee and brunch in Philly. The coffee is delectable: not too bitter but very smooth. They sell their own beans and I'm interested in picking up a few packs the next time I'm around.
Had a slight episode of existential angst with the amount of pastries that sat in, on, around and far away from the display window, from prepared breakfast sandwiches to cronuts (!!!). Of course, I got a cronut ands it was good, not great. The slightest bit stale because the cornets sit outside on the counter next to the counter without a cover.
For brunch, I ordered the Eggs Benedict and loved every bite! The dish comes out with two decent sized eggs benedict, a very small side salad doused in vinegarette and three hash browns. I applaud the hash brown crafter for its super crunchiness.
If it wasn't as pricey as it was, I wouldn't hesitate to come back again and again.Go here if you want to spend $3.75 plus on cup of black coffee accompanied by a death glare. I get treated better at D&D five blocks north of here.When I found One Shot on yelp my coffee prayers were answered!!! I was a visitor/tourist to Philly and was not loving the neighborhood until One Shot! Not only is this a comfy cafe with a great atmosphere, vibrant people and rocking music... the food is absolutely fantastic and the coffee is just a dream come true!!
My only complaint is that One Shot is not in my hometown!!!! The best find in Philly, made my stay there happy and bright :)Only place in the city I've gone and liked the coffee. I love places that do 
NOT serve La Colombe. The baristas are really friendly too, big plus.
I went there today for a cup. I only had a credit card to pay and they have a 5 dollar minimum (I hate that). Anyway, I wanted my coffee so I picked out this vegan slice of pie they had. It looked a little lopsided and messy, but it got me over the 5 dollar mark, and the barista said it was pretty good.
I got the pie to go. After trying it tonight, I'm stunned at how fabulous it was. Its one of those desserts you can't eat all at once because its so rich, but whatever the vegan vanilla custardy pie with blueberries and oatmeal crust was, it was the most spectacular pie ever! Every component of it. Forget Vegan Treats, the baker working at One Shot is magical.
They have housemade vegan cookies too. And the new locations very nice.the coffee was good but incredibly overpriced. not only that but the barista was very pretentious and rude. I asked him what the vanilla rose latte is and he said" a latte with vanilla and rose in it". then when our lattes were ready, he set them down on the counter and did not tell us(even though we were his only customers) they were just sitting there for a while when we didn't know.Well,
At the old location:
I had a wonderful experience every time I went there. It was cozy, well designed,  there were always good, weirdy magazines to read and the people were friendly and relaxed. The music was also decent, not overbearingly hip-tastic, but not the pop charts top 100 either.
They always had an abundant amount of vegan options for cookies, cakes, bagels, and my fav-  pumpkin whoopie pies, mmmmmm.
The new location on George St.:
I have to say, I would like to go here just to hang out because its so damn pretty. Exposed brick, wood paneling misplaced over hot pink walls. Super comfy and chic, tufted back bench seating . Overall, really a visual pleasure. It feels like Urbanoutfitters Inc got a hold of this place beforehand and then One Shot moved in.
However, the happy, shiny, good times stop there. I am really fucking sick of the server/ barista who hates their job, and therefore hates you.. I didn't make you have this job! You can totally quit and get a different one! I heard some rumors about this behavior before I went there and I was surprised how accurate the description was. The girls at the old place were so nice! The barista who recently served me acted really annoyed when my friend and I placed our order. It wasn't anything out of the ordinary, it was right from the menu. She just seemed like I was ruining her life by ordering. Whatever lady, I was super nice to you. Maybe next time I could tip you in bug repellent so that nasty one will crawl out of your ass.
Its cool, I don't need anymore friends. However, I NEED food, good food.  I was psyched to see a new, full brunch menu, even though there were limited vegan options and all the great bagel sandwiches were gone. We ordered the tofu scramble and a tomato soup. It was prepared by someone who obviously just learned what vegan was yesterday. Oil city, everything, had sooo much oil. Its like they replaced any dairy or egg element with oil to compensate. Ew.  I've never seen tomato soup with a 1/4 inch  film of oil on the top. Totally gross. I took 2 spoonfuls and decided I didn't want to barf later, so I stopped. As for the scramble, which in theory sounded amazing, was really lack luster. There was supposed to be fennel in it, but I guess they ran out and decided not to say anything, even though that's why I ordered it in the first place.
Overall:
Vegan eats= The Suck (and no more whoopie pies= worst) but dont worry, you can buy a $5 cookie.
Service= Unnecessary attitude city
Coffee= overpriced, but great. Made me jittery allll daaay. 
Scenery= Best thing about it.
New Music=  super loud Kanye west on repeat.. not so great. I guess no mommys with children can come here.Best coffee ever! Just for the sheer fact that they have coconut favor syrup! The desserts and pastries are to die for especially the cronuts. The best I've ever had!!! The service is great and the people are always friendly.Cool atmosphere.  The food is pretty darn good.  The reason I'm holding it to 3 stars is because there is no good reason why an egg sandwich and a coffee to go should set me back $10 but that is exactly what it did. At least it was a damn good sandwich.The cutest little spot. Definitely recommend this place if you want to sit back and enjoy a really good latte!Staff not particularly friendly, drinks overpriced and they close their espresso machine before their official closing time. Which means you can't even get a latte at 450pm. Sad that we don't have more customer oriented options in Northern Liberties. And their hours are terrible for people who work regular business hours.I've been a loyal patron since the grand opening of their original location at the Piazza.  Their new, bigger location is awesome!  The place offers more places to sit and relax over two floors, and more food and coffee choices.  Also, I love free Wi-Fi.
This is a five-star worthy place.  However I gave it four stars, because the food prices are generally a bit high.Cute and nice. The upstairs has a few couches and tons of shelves of books. The lemon bar was exactly how you'd want a lemon bar to be and they serve Stumptown, which is the bee's knees.I ordered a small mocha on this rainy Tuesday with a slice of carrot cake. What a lovely combination! The mocha was delicious, with a chocolate-y bitterness that was quite pleasing. The frosting on the carrot cake had some trouble sticking to the cake, but it was still yummy and moist with little chewy pieces of real carrot and caramelized goodness. The extra seating upstairs is so nice with comfortable chairs and assorted tables. There were many people set up with laptops and the short studying/working. Stop in if you haven't already!$2.25 for a small coffee? come on...
great coffee at ridiculous prices.First review because it feels necessary-- but the music is so bad, please let the baristas put on an album or Spotify's discover weekly or anything other than what's going on right now.  other wise I'd say the place would b a "4" if the music changed like I'm sure someone who is working has good tasteGreat little coffee shop ... Awesome interior ....Many wonderful baked goods .....really a gem .... Just wish they were open longer hours ....fresh juices are amazing ... Gluten free options also ..... Great little privately owned coffee shop .... My kinda thing totally.....Was here for a private party. Only the upstairs was rented out. Pretty nice set up for 30-40 people. Clean and interesting atmosphere to kick it.Their coffee is pretty darn tasty and the pastries look really tasty.  For those who want something more substantial for food, they also have omelettes and other choices.
One Shot is tucked away from the main drag of Northern Liberties, so it is kind of a cool find for those stopping in the first time.  And it seemed that a handful of regulars were patronizing them during my visit.  Their prices are a bit steep, granted the coffee was good.  Certainly worth checking out and deciding for yourself.This place exudes positive energy.  Awesome staff, super helpful, and always seems to be happy.  Their tea is great and their food is so creative and delicious.  My only complaint is that they just stopped doing soups, which is a bummer, because I pretty much got their soups 2-3 times a week.  I would never go to another coffee shop after having this in my backyard.  I'm spoiled and happy about it!It was my first time here and I ordered the ABE breakfast sandwich.  According to the menu this includes egg whites, avocado, bacon, tomatoes and herbed goat cheese on a brioche bun. I placed my order for takeout. I have learned from previous experiences to always check my order before leaving because for some reason take out orders never seem to be correct. When I received my sandwich I did just that - only to find out my sandwich was only egg whites and bacon with nothing else on it. I went to the register and explained that the ABE was supposed to have avocado and tomato etc. It is after all the name of the sandwich and the whole reason I ordered it.  They took back my sandwich and slapped on brown avocado spread and two tomatoes and handed it back. The only good part of the sandwich was the bun unfortunately.
It's a shame something as simple as a breakfast sandwich can't be done correctly.
The regular coffee is mediocre. Cream was empty. 
Won't be returning because there are too many other great coffee shops in the city.My boyfriend lives in Liberties Walk and we frequent One Shot often. They always have their staple cafe breakfast options and always have a seasonal menu that changes (breakfast AND drinks). Try the Hudson bagel, the Swedish Fish, or the chicken and waffles. Huge fan of the coffee and friendly staff! Upstairs is great for studying or work.My friend and I wanted to check out a new brunch restaurant so we chose one shot and good thing we did! Let me just say...the food was pretty impressive, especially for the limited menu. The only con is that I couldn't order some of the yummy choices I saw on yelp photos, but that's because they constantly change their specials. 
I got the Standard, and my friend got the Breakfast Sandwich, which was AMAZING. The Standard was really yummy and filling, and I especially loved the biscuit! But I'd have to say I liked the Breakfast Sandwich more. It was so simple yet so delicious! I want to go back for more. 
Now, for the donuts. My friend really wanted to try the donuts but when we first got there, the worker said that they didn't have any. While we were paying, a fresh new batch came out. It kind of seemed the people working there didn't know anything, but it's okay because the food was good. We got the strawberry, toasted coconut + chocolate, and glazed + nuts. LET ME JUST SAY, as a huuge donut fan, I was THOROUGHLY impressed by the consistency of the donuts (especially the chocolate). Maybe it's because it was fresh, idk. But it was SO CHEWY AND DOUGHY AND AMAZING. 
So to wrap things up, I loved One Shot and will be back!I have gone here for a few years since I moved into the area, but I don't think I will be going back ever again.
I've noticed that the staff is extremely passive aggressive, and NOT helpful, but turned a blind eye to it for a while because I enjoyed the food (coffee is ok...).  Every time I've gone in I've been ignored, or treated like I'm a coffee - idiot.  
Anyways, a while back, I was at One Shot and I accidentally grabbed someone else's beverage from the bar mistaking it for my own (since they neglect to even announce who's is who's or even say a word when they hand off the drink).  
So, yeah, I accidentally took someone else's drink.  I took a sip and realized it wasn't mine, and I told the barista of my mistake so that she could make another for the customer who should have gotten that drink.  She rolled her eyes, sighed, and in a loud voice said, "I just want to make an announcement.  If you don't know whether or not a drink is yours, PLEASE just ASK before you GRAB".  And then she passive aggressively took the drink from my hand, slammed it in the trash, and made a new one.  Didn't say a word to me, or the other girl.  I know I made a mistake, but do I deserve to be publicly humiliated?
NO.
I picked my jaw up off the floor, and walked out with my latte that tasted like rage and anger.Mexican Mocha=Liquid heaven. Decor is great.
Minus one star for the exorbitant prices.. I know we're in Northern Liberties but almost 4 dollars for an iced coffee is ridiculous.This place is expensive. Lunch for 2 with only 1 iced tea came to $29. I really don't like how they don't put the prices on the specials board, from which we both ordered from. Other than the prices, the ambiance is cute and the food was pretty good. I had the disco breakfast special- sweet potato fries with sausage topped with a creamy cheese sauce, the portion was decent. I may come back for a coffee and a vegan baked good at some point.This café is amazing in the mornings. Walk over still half asleep, grab some amazing coffee and a pastry and do online work. Staff is friendly and it's always clean in hereCoolest coffee shop in Philly. Awesome decor and friendly staff. Righteous specialty drinks w hilarious themes change every week, I think. 
Definitely a yuppie spot based on a few factors. 1, it's in a yuppie neighborhood. 2, it's a coffee shop. 3, it's a little pricey.
Buuuut, stick around and hang out and enjoy yourself. Check out the upstairs area too. Try a drink and a baked treat.I've been to one shot a few times, and I have mixed feelings. I really believe that I should be able to order a cup of coffee for less than two dollars. I understand that they offer Stumptown, but the prices for drinks here still seem high. That being said, they do brew some delicious coffee, and I'd rather overpay for something I like then get a good deal on something that barely passes as coffee.
One Shot recently moved to a new location on George Street , and that whole place is beautiful. I met with my good friend Bryana and we sat outside and had coffee and breakfast. Charming 1940s music played inside and out, although Bryana told me this wasn't common. Whether inside or out, the atmosphere is great. Some people send hours in a coffee shop working on papers or other work, and one shot is the kind of place where you will almost enjoy yourself while typing away.
The food menu here is small and hit or miss, but there are a few items that really shine. Bryana ordered the bagel topped with creme cheese, crushed nuts, and drizzled with honey. One look brings on a doling mouth and a bit of envy. I ordered a weird sandwich: bacon egg and mac-n-cheese. This sounds odd, but makes the perfect meal, whether breakfast, lunch or dinner. Sure, you quickly become a cheese gooey mess, but I don't remember the last time I had so much fun doing so. I believe that this sandwhich is their flagship food, and certainly should be enjoyed on the fluffy and buttery brioches roll. One shot also offers house made treats like biscotti, cookies, and such.
Bottom line: I think this is a love it or hate it place. Coffee is a bit pricey, while food is reasonable. Its a pretty place, and is certainly worth at least one visit. The mac-n-cheese sandwich is must try, if not for its taste then simply for the originality.I absolutely love this place. Great ambiance. Cute decor. Good service. Their drink and brunch menu is creative and delicioussssss. I had the eggs Benedict caprese and ginger/lemongrass chai for brunch. The Benedict was cooked perfect and the fresh side salad went together perfectly. The lemongrass chai was so different from any other chai I have ever had but the combination works beautifully. I've been to one shot numerous of times and this place seems to never disappoint.This place should be on a lot of peoples short list for breakfast. You pay at the register and get a number for your food to arrive at the table of your choosing. Breakfast burgers are a go to here along with a nice coffee. From my few times here, since it is tucked around the corner from everything, and in Northern Liberties, it gets enough traffic to be well involved in the community, but not overly packed as to have to wait long periods of time to get a seat. 
It is a place to really sit back, relax, enjoy ...essentially the type of vibe a coffee shop should have.Food here is so delicious. I ordered an omelet with goat cheese, kale, and tomatoes...it was YUMMY!
I would have given 5 stars but they do not give refills on coffee while you are dining in, they charge for each cup, which I think is stingy. Even places like Cafe La Maude that serves La Colombe coffee gives free refills.Their decor and service is awesome. But their wifi often doesnt work(they need to fix this issue). Also their hours are not coffee shop friendly (starbucks closes at 9pm most nights). they also closed their kitchen at 3pm. A coffee shop needs to have reliable internet and be open during certain hours like 11am-10pm are good times. Its a shame because the environment is so niceThis is the most aesthetically pleasing coffee shop I have ever been to, but it doesn't stop there. Every single drink I have ever had is ridiculously amazing. I keep going in thinking that nothing could be as good as the last drink I had... and then it is. They have a hand-drawn themed board with rotating drinks- each week more clever and delicious than the last. Did I mention the place is adorable?!? The attention to detail in the decor of this place is so impressive, and I kind of want to live there. All the food and baked goods (including vegan goodies!) are delicious and it's never too busy to get a seat. I would seriously struggle to find a negative thing to say about One Shot- it's one of my favorite places in Philly!First of all this was my go to joint before then I don't know if they changed management suddenly everyone was replaced then now they changed the menu the tofu scramble is now a turmeric scramble it's So pungent and the once ho to carrot cake oatmeal was replaced with a cherry coconut oatmeal which I couldn't eat Half way , one shot I was a loyal customer but now I don't know what to say ...... but SMH even they left the dishes here for the whole time I was eatingThis place is both close to my office, and my home so I was really hoping to love it but I have two major issues with it. 1) It's a total rip-off. I asked for a small iced coffee with almond milk and it was $5.00. I've never heard of a coffee shop charging $0.65 JUST to add almond milk to an iced coffee. I'd asked for almond milk after I'd already paid and they made me take my card out again and re-pay for the additional charge. I was extremely displeased. 2) The music is awful. I'm not pretentious about music whatsoever, but they play non-stop sad-boy early 2000s music. Considering how much space they have for working, I'd think this could be a great place to work remotely from, but I've attempted to work from One Shot multiple times and each time cannot focus with the ringing of the awful music. 
I feel like One Shot needs to focus a little less on their aesthetic and more on the experience for the customers. Also stop charging 20% extra to get almond milk added to your drinks. I've never heard of that.I'mcurrently travelling the US and this is One of the best place idid so far. Their latte is just incredible, exactly like it is suppose to be and their food ... (OMG) this was just delicious!!! If I was living close by i would be there all the time. :)Great atmosphere and decor. My espresso was delicious (stumptown). And it jacked me and my girlfriend up so affectively, that we went on an hour long run afterwards! I want to go back soon.While the food here is quite nice, if also overpriced for a casual coffee shop, the coffee is a big disappointment.  I've visited several times over the past year and I simply cannot get a decent cup.  The drip is fine, not worth premium prices, but I think the real issue is poor espresso preparation.  Every latte I've had here has tasted burned and watery and had the milk nearly burned - not acceptable for a drink priced at over $4.  
I took a barrista friend here without remembering to tell him to avoid the espresso, and he thought they weren't tamping it properly and had the timing off.  While I'm nowhere near a coffee expert, I do occasionally like to treat myself to a nice cup but have been disappointed in any drink I've ever ordered here.A friend of mine lives around the corner so when I'm visiting, I run to one shot. The entire breakfast menu is spot on. Eggs are light and fluffy, the dressing on their greens is understated...it all is filling and fulfilling while still looking clean and light. Nice touch with a comic book themed coffee menu. Come on one shot, come to NY.The new interior is stunning and a lot more spacious! No more waiting by the bathroom for your drink, yay.  The espresso drinks are consistently delicious. The staff is very friendly, even offered my wife and me a cookie sample last time we were there. I think some reviewers here need to understand that the cost of coffee has increased due to the increase in cost from the bean exporters. Also you get what you pay for...swill from dunkin donuts is cheap because its stale, gross, and has been sitting all day or its foamed up sugar water from a machine.I challenge any restaurant owner to dine at any establishment that serves breakfast, spend $40.00 for two people, ask for jam (for the toast) when the food arrives, and then instructed to pay $.53 at the register to not be upset by the utter cheapness and pettiness of said establishment.A Coffee Shop that has a 10$ credit card minimum... fuck this shit! I will need to drink 3 coffees to be able to pay with card.
The barista asked me after $9.50 to tip in the credit card until $10.
I'm sorry, tipping is up to me and also how I want to do it.
Coffee with NYC prices.Good espresso drinks with coffee from Stumptown. Well made cap + Americano (correct proportions, unlike some places that make a latte out of any cappuccino). 
Despite location in the heart of NoLib/Piazza, it's not over-the-top hipster + comfy couches + the requisite mix and match furniture (I'm sure there's a place that sells pre-mixed furniture for just this vibe) makes it comfy + not at all pretentious. Service/staff - good, funny, fun -- didn't get the obnoxious thing that some other reviewers mentioned.
Prices are a bit steep - coffee drinks w/ milk can run close to $4 - which is about $1 more than one would expect/hope from an indie coffee place. But the real crazy -- food. Muffin was close to $4. Bagel okay at $1.50 with nothing on it, but butter = 75 cents (that must be an amazing butter square), cream cheese - more than a buck. Interestingly prices get more reasonable for the bagel sandwiches which are in the $4 area, but are reasonable for what you're getting.
Anyway - overall - pretty good, but watch out for unnecessarily steep prices on some items.I am in awe of this place and would come here every day if I could. A+++ for ambiance. I wish the quiet room upstairs was my house. Food and tea was good too. Amazing place. The only thing is the downstairs bathroom was gross. Recommend using upstairs.Great place! Decor is spot on. Service is usually good. Yes, a bit pricey but food is usually consistent. Stumptown coffee!  Music volume loud at times upstairs.. NIce people watching.I have taken off three stars for a myriad of reasons having nothing to do with the food or coffee. 
This is a service issue. A two part service issue. 
It seems that the surly owner (bad service part 1) has chosen to step away from the coffee bar (thankfully) and has been replaced with young persons who call me "dear" (part 2).
These people MUST read the article referenced below. And please, for goodness sake STOP IT. I'd rather put up with the grumpy lady.
http://dailyplateofcrazy.com/2012/07/22/dont-call-me-dear-inappropriate-use-of-terms-of-endearment/One of the best coffee shops in No Libs with plenty of different coffee concoctions and new specials all the time. The food menu is great, big fan of the ABE breakfast sandwich as well as the avocado toast.. The side salad dressing is soo refreshing and light. Awesome spot to grab coffee/breakfast on the go, hang out and eat, or focus to do work at. The upstairs is a nice quiet less busy area for working. 
My only grudge with one shot is the prices. Its a little overpriced in my opinion but it really is the only good coffee shop in this area of no libs.I love One Shot. They were my savior when I was unemployed for 3 months. I could sit upstairs for basically the whole day and read/work and no one minded at all. There is a lot of space so it never feels overly crowded like most shops I have frequented. 
The prices are a bit high but most coffee places in nolibs are the same.
And for someone who just likes regular coffee, especially Stumptown, it works for me.I have been going to One Shot ever since they opened & have had nothing but positive experiences & good things to say about the food...delicious!!! I do wish for more soup...the white bean & kale I had once upon a time was to die for & bring back the lemon ricotta crepes with the blueberry compote.  NOMS!!Have gotten take out from here many times - just picked up a bagel and coffee etc. Those are always good and there is always a little spin on it like veggie and caper cream cheese - yum! 
Ate here yesterday and got a full meal with friends. It definitely beat my expectations. Very generous portions, and the homefries were super crispy and delicious. 
Only downside is that I like alcohol with my brunch but oh well. 
They also have a ton of cute/tasty things for sale like organic peanut/almond/chia butter and candies.There's so many reasons why this amazing place is my favorite coffee shop. Its not just because all the baristas and staff are so friendly and so personable that I now consider them neighborhood friends, the food/drinks are absolutely delicious. 
The coffee is so consistent in great taste and the concepts are so clever and original. My 2 favorites are the jersey fresh (blueberry. lavender. yes, this is real life and yes, it is delicious) and wild strawberries (the nostalgia of drinking strawberry milk when you were a child but with a grownup kick of caffeine)  
And in hangover city on sunday mornings, they have an awesome brunch menu.  Whenever you think of coffee places you think of the usual: scones, sandwiches, yogurt packaged with granola. But one shot has a constantly changing specials board: think classics like huevos rancheros and fried chicken with eggs over easy in french toast... mmmmm. 
I suppose I do agree with previous yelp-ers that it is kind of pricey, but what do you expect for great quality ingredients and delicious food? 
Everything with quality comes with a price and one shot is definitely worth it.I love this place.  It's a short walk from the apartment and has that Stumptown NYC feel to it, except much bigger and food options.
They offer pour overs during the week and have great caffeinated options all the time.  The breakfast sandwich is delicious and they give you the option of having it on brioche!
Oh, and I love the music they play.  It makes me feel right at home.Do not order the breakfast burrito. The place is cool and the other dishes look good from the pictures, but this was the worst breakfast burrito I have ever ordered.  I ordered mine without the avocado because I am allergic. They were great about being careful with that, but then they didn't put any egg on it either! I ended up with just flavorless potato and bacon inside, the bacon which I added on and paid for. There was hardly any filling compared to how huge the tortilla was. What a waste of $12.Hipster paradise. If you're into delicious, unique, handcrafted caffeinated drinks made with fresh ingredients and a smile, then pop into one shot for an awesome coffee experience. 
I'm a huge fan of customer service, and this place is top notch. I loved chatting with the handsome, helpful barista. He was very kind and patient with my friends and I as we asked many questions on our hunt for a sweet-but-not-too-sweet drink to wet our whistles. 
This is a very chill place to hang with indoor and outdoor seating available. This would be a great place to study. It''s nestled in No Libs near other hopping spots with a plethora of free parking surrounding. 
They have some truly unique drinks here, and they're worth the $4-5 price tag every now and then for a splurge. Their specials change every two weeks. I'm definitely keen to come back!I have been to many a coffee spots for coffee and breakfast over the years in philadelphia. None, have kept my attention long enough to remain a daily customer. That is until i was introduced to One Shot. 
     One Shots staff is warm and welcoming as soon as you walk into the place. They are kind and genuinely happy to see me. Their coffee is so tasty and it gives me the proper spark to get my day going. Their breakfast is what surprised me the most though. They make the best bacon, egg, & cheese on an everything bagel. I have been eating this sandwich for years all over the tristate area, as well as the United States, and i can safely say no one makes a better one than One Shot. So check it out, I'm sure you won't be disappointed.I've had nothing but bad experiences here. The coffee shop is owned by a lesbian couple, Melissa and Rebecca (before anyone gets bent out of shape I am part of the LGBT Community) and both women a rude, sarcastic and down right unpleasant.
I can't even comment about the food and coffee, no matter how good it is I will NEVER go back there, I wouldn't give those women a penny of my money again!When of the best coffee shop places in northern liberties. Brunch is top notch, I always get the ABE which is egg, spinach, goat cheese, bacon, and an aoli on a brioche bun. 
Their specialty coffees are really good too, can be sweet but very tasty. Their baked good are pretty good, I've gotten kronuts a couple times and haven't regretted it.
Their service is very good everyone is always very friendly.
They are very pricy tho. It's easily to pay 15+ with food and coffee. Great spot though and really rustic decor.What is there not to love about this place, I love ordering the dirty chai, and Vietnamese oatmeal. This place is very clean and the staff are very friendlyI always forget why I don't come back to this place since it's right around the corner. Ambiance lovely, friendly staff, and then ...4$ small iced coffee no bigger than my fist happens and I remember.Places like One Shot Coffee makes me want to rename Northern Liberties "little San Francisco" because it makes me miss home a little less everytime I visit.
I don't know where the owners are from, but pretty much everything about the cafe yells "liberal po-mo craft food cafe"; there are more words that are unpronunceable by the layman or simpleton than menu items on the menu board; they serve snooty "free-trade" coffee from New York, and the wait staff here look like they could have been extras from Portlandia.
But just like most things from my home of record, outside the smug condescending holier-than-thou shell lies a deliciously awesome (yet not quite chewy) center: their quinoa muesli, despite how disgusting it sounds, is pretty damn amazing, with honorable mentions to their awesome mushroom and banger toast; I did rag on snooty free-trade coffee, but they serve STUMPTOWN coffee here, and at only 1-2 dollars more expensive than their online shop, this is probably going to be my destination for coffee beans for a while.
The atmosphere is also very artsy and po-mo; noise level isn't quite enough for studying, but enough to enjoy a nice afternoon chat with your fellow man or lady.
I'm totally starting a petition to get Mayor Nutter to change the official name of Northern Liberties to "Little San Francisco." Who's with me?I am in love with this place. Love the music, love the big tables for doing work upstairs, love the delicious tea and healthy food options. I was able to get done hours of paperwork there and actually not feel stressed out about it because of the calm, friendly vibe of being amongst other people who were quietly getting their work done.As someone who is constantly on the hunt for good coffee, pastries, wifi, study space, good parking options and outlets - One Shot Coffee is a dream come true! 
One star deducted because it's so expensive, and there is a $10 minimum for credit cards. I got a yogurt parfait which was only 1/5th of the way filled with yogurt and it was over $4!?? The granola (almost) made up for it since it was absolutely delicious. The chocolate croissant is so flaky (and delicious) that I kept having to brush myself away of the flakes every time I took a bite.
Despite the one drawback of the $$$$, I would come back over and over because the upstairs area is too charming to resist, and the quality of food is excellent. The coffee was honestly just ok for me.Maybe if a little more time and energy was put in to the business instead of the boring pricey urban chic atmosphere this place wouldn't suck :( 
Tried to use my card for a 4.86 drink (SCOFF) and was denied because the limit was 5 dollars, when i responded that i only had a card and it was actually only legal to have a recommended minimum, i got so much attitude from the barista that it was almost like the lousy fee was coming out of her pocket. Boo one shot two thumbs way downI love their coffee (its stumptown, you cant go wrong!). And the employees are all so sweet and knowledgable about the products. It's a really refreshing place, which is why I go every single day.One Shot is my GO-TO study spot! 
So many seats in their super cozy my-grandma's-living room-feel upstairs and outlets everywhere! It's truly the hipster paradise I've never known I needed in my life. 
For drinks, I LOVE their creative daily special menus! My favorite specials were the girl scout cookies & harry potter-themed! My absolute go-to is the dirty chai latte! I've also tried cold brew (meh), vanilla rose latte (pretty damn good), and apple cider latte (sweet). 
As for food, I LOVE the Hudson bagel..how can you say "no" to a nice toasty bagel with melted brie? My BF enjoys their huevos rancheros. I tried cronuts for the first time here. It was pretty decent, but I'm guessing I'm not much of a cronuts gal. Their lemon bars are great! They also have vegan dessert options, which is a definite plus!
Service is variable. Sometimes you get greeted by the sweetest, eccentric personalities, other times you get sassed by a try-to-hard hipster. You win some, you lose some, ya know? 
Overall, love this place!Cozy/shabby/chic with delicious hot beverages and friendly service: this is my idea of the perfect neighborhood coffeeshop.  
I was wandering around aimlessly this past cold & windy Sunday and decided that I wanted some hot chocolate.   I went into One Shot and was immediatly greeted by the server behind the counter.  I said that I wanted some hot chocolate, and he pointed out all the different varieties that they had to offer.  I went with the 'salty & sweet'.  It was deliciously chocolatey-caramely with a hint of salt.  And it was served at the perfect temperature: nice & warm but not scalding hot.  I didn't have to wait to drink it.
I'll definitely return to try out the food & other drinks.Super cute find in the NoLibs area. The decor is adorable and the staff is super friendly. They serve an array of pastries, various coffee/drinks, and brunch. 
I had the iced coffee which was delicious and just what I needed on a Sunday morning. I ordered the standard which is bacon, egg and cheese on a biscuit. The bacon was crispy and good and the biscuit was fresh and buttery. It came with hash browns which were ok (super greasy) an a salad?! I didn't really like that because it was early and not appealing to me at the time. We also split one of the little donuts. It was peanut butter. The icing was so delicious but again I thought the donut itself was greasy so I didn't take more than a bite. 
The atmosphere is wonderful and it's the perfect place to grab a cup of coffee and catch up with someone. I wasn't blown away by the food but I would come back again for my morning coffee.First off, I have to give major props to whomever designed/decorated the interior. Whenever I visit this shop, I'm always taken by all of the beautiful decor. Awesome stuff!
Onto the food. The first time I tried One Shot, I had brunch from their specials board. Tomato soup and a piece of avocado toast. Holy hell, Batman! It was really tasty! I was a happy camper. The only thing that keeps me from going regularly are their prices. But the quality and standard of food seem to warrant it.
On my second trip, I chose from the specials board again. My order was lox on pumpernickel bread (thick stuff) - standard, but again very tasty and fresh!
I'm a fan. I do wish they had more "lunch" fare. Some hot sandwiches and things like that. 
I'll definitely be back. :)This may not be the best coffeeshop based off of their coffee, but as a brunch or breakfast spot it's one of my absolute favorite in Philadelphia! I got the A.B.E Sandwich and man everything about it was delicious! From the well toasted and butter bun to all the fresh ingredients inside of the bun went together so well. Just got an iced coffee, which wasn't anything special and the coffee cake was a bit dry, but the sandwich was so good that it out-weighted those other factors. I'm almost confident that their other food options are just as fresh and good! I'd def. come back again for some breakfast and brunch food!Hands down, my favorite coffee place to be. Great drinks, comfortable atmosphere, and they have almond and soy milk. I always stop when in the area.I stopped in 1 Shot yesterday when I was down at Liberties Walk and desperate for some caffeine and a snack. The woman behind the counter didn't acknowledge me until I had been standing there patiently for at least 5 minutes. She then took my order and continued to make the other customer's bagel...which turned out to be not what she had ordered. The customer was annoyed, I was about to pass out and the employee didn't really seem concerned, but at that point she asked me if I wanted the bagel for free since she would just have to throw it out. I thought that was very nice, and from there she proceeded to make my latte, which was not great but not offensive, either. Once she registered that I was there I felt like the service was good but it got off to a rocky start...I was actually standing in line crafting my Yelp review as I waited and then mentally revised it when she treated me a little better.
All in all, this seems like a decent place to go if you're on Liberties Walk and gotta have a cup of coffee, but I'm not sure if I'd go out of my way to grab a bite there. That's too bad, because the shop itself is so cute and there were some interesting people hanging out. Maybe if I'm back over that way I'll stop in again and give it "1" more "shot"  (sorry- bad pun but I couldn't resist!).Really like this place! Even if the food/drinks hadn't been really good, I'd have given it 4 stars for the ambience. The aesthetic is something like steampunk meets country cottage meets reading room! . I love the upstairs with it's exposed brick walls [with some of the walls covered in rather dainty wallpaper--hence the 'country cottage'!], exposed pipes, brass lamps, exposed pipes, and book-lined walls that are prime bookshelf porn material. I was having brunch with a few people and I started with an iced Mexican Mocha which was the perfect mixture of peppery and chocolatey and a hipster (!) omelette which was delicious. I hung around after brunch and read for a couple of hours. Managed to find room for a strawberry tart, which was good although not great. I'm holding back on the fifth star because the food was very good but not *great*.  I live in Center City but I can see myself coming back here again and again...One shot became my mother's and my breakfast spot when we want something fresh and different. I took her here and glad I did. The coffee is strong and served hot which, was a great pick me up. I had goat cheese in my omlette which I would not have tried otherwise but, a staff person reassured me it would be good (she was right). Hash brown was cooked nice and crispy and the greens that went along with my breakfast made it deliciously light.
Upstairs there is more room and would recommend it. Otherwise you'd be surrounded by the line and chatter or new comers. Nothing wrong with that! In my case I wanted to have a nice conversation. Keep it up One shot!So we ordered 2 of the specials and one specialty drink and another crafted latte. After tasting the Orange creamsicle and not detecting any bit of Orange (certainly no ginger), we thought we should mention this to server. Well basically we were told that we couldn't get another made. So we asked for a refund, which was also not an option. After much bitching ( on my part) about it they nobly gifted us with a mug of coffee, which isn't even comparably to the actual order. I've never been somewhere that refused to give you either a refund or a equally priced alternative and i was pissed! We affectionately coined them "our place" but that is over. I'll never return again and spend my money there.Oh One Shot, what will I ever do without you one day. Seriously, I sometimes worry when I may move someday and One shot won't be but a stone throw away...sigh. For now, I will appreciate and love it for everything it is.
One Shot is like a home away from home for my husband and I. There really isn't a weekend that goes by where we aren't there at least twice. The atmosphere is welcoming and cool not to mention that their playlists are always spot on. And then...there's the food. Delicious. Everything is so fresh and flavorful. Of course some things are better than others but we really tend to enjoy most items we order and at this point, know the ones to go for. 
Everything on their brunch menu is great but a few of my personal faves are the hudson bagel, the abe, the standard and the butter/garlic kale eggs benedict. I should also mention that they have weekly specials which are always great AND their menu changes relatively often so you're always able to get something a little different with each visit. 
From the bakery: The lemon bars...ohhh the lemon bars. These are quite possibly the best lemon bars i've ever had and I am a lemon bar aficionado! Their chocolate chip expresso cookies are also amazing as well as the mast brothers chocolate/shortbread sandwich cookies. I'm also a big fan of their daily fruit scone. I just love a scone. 
To sum it up, I love One Shot...from the second I walk in to the second I walk out and mostly all day every day. :)I would have given One Shot 5 stars but a couple things that made it lose points in my eyes.
- Credit/Debit Card Minimum of $10 (Seriously? It's 2017. There are many credit card services that have very reasonable rates)
- Food Cost (A bit on the expensive side)
- Staff (Sometime come off annoyed/not very pleasant)Gotta say, love the decor, probably my favorite interior design jobs for any coffee spot in Philly. Has an awesome vibe, very inspiring place to bring a laptop, book or notebook for those creative types who thrive off environment.
Never tried more than a pastry here(which was great). Sure rest of the food is awesome. I have to say I love stumptown coffee too. Last time I was in there though, the barista pulled me a sour shot, shot time was probably around 12-15 seconds, they were too busy and I was too tight on time to wait for me to get another. Another thing to watch for is the roast dates on the bags of beans, sometimes it's fresh, sometimes you find 3 month old bags of stumptown. Baristas here aren't as friendly like many other spots
Overall good experience here. Have had several not as pleasant experiences, but the good still outweighs the badOne of my favorite coffee shops in Fishtown. I'm actually writing this review while sipping one of their Apple Cider Donut lattes - an amazing blend of apple cider and espresso. It's topped with homemade whipped cream. Tastes like a dessert that really wakes you up :) 
Also tried the Brussels sprouts for brunch - it's a huge serving. Probably would be best to split between 2 people.
It's also one of my favorite places to do work in this area! Seating is very limited so make sure you come early enough to secure one of the 7 booths or 2 coffee tables. The staff is super friendly.Love this coffee shop; I try to stop by whenever I'm in Philly. The coffee is good, and the specials always delightful.The Iced Dirty Chai Latte is awesome! One Shot fits in well with the hipster vibe around the Piazza...although I'm not a big fan of the hipster scene, I can appreciate a great coffee house when I see it. Terrific breakfasts and delicious pastries round out this funky cool café.Num numz! This place is awesome. Last time was in Philly we went there and I got breakfast. Holy crap the breakfast at this place is soooo good. How they manage to do basic eggs/hashbrowns/sausage/toast and make it extremely delicious and uniquely flavored is beyond me, but they did it. My latte was also tasty. The cool thing about this place is they have this really neat upstairs with big bookshelves and comfy couches.I hate to gush but the guys over here are the best!  Really nice w/o being pushy and the food is some of the best in the area (just get here before 5pm).  The one downside - kitchen closes @5pm.  Good enough to make a broke student tip.   Hipsterific good time!I went to One Shot for a coworker's bridal shower! It was super cute & cozy, the staff were all friendly as well as efficient. I would definitely love to come back for brunch!I didn't try their coffee, but both breakfast items we got were amazing. It's a bit pricier than what I expected to pay and I was already thinking about writing about it as I was paying. I don't like to take money out of ATM machines and pay ridiculous fees to access my money. I hate the idea of having to use cash for purchases less than $10.  Anyways, I decided to give one star less by then. However once I started eating, I changed my mind to give 5 stars because the food was just beyond perfect. According to my husband, "the bun just melted" in his mouth. I will definitely give this place a try. I would give 5 stars for decor as well.Great spot for brunch! They have great coffee with very cool special lattes. Food is always good and very chill atmosphere. Sometimes I wish people who aren't eating would hog the tables with their computers and such..Haven't eaten there. Looks beautiful. Maybe I'd come to have some tea and read, but...
$4.50 for a dusty tasting iced latte (undoubtedly overdosed Stumptown). Sadness. :(Best coffeehouse in Northern Liberties. Maybe not the best coffee or best food but by far the best place to hang and get work done. Very hiply renovated space. Great light. Lots of outlets. Music can be a little loud though. But great space and nice people.My friend Matt Huff took me to this cozy spot in northern liberties, he's on yelp too, you can trust his opinions because this place was great. The hash browns were crisp and the bagels were delish.if you want a flat white done right, come here! everyone here is super friendly and the food is incredible and fresh. i come here on the weekends to have my coffee, pastry and spend hours reading. they rotate themed specialty coffee drinks with titles that always give me a good laugh.
 it's on a nice cozy corner in northern liberties.We went here on a Sunday morning and were very impressed. We ordered two ice coffees, the sweet potato avocado eggs Benedict, and the smoked salmon hash. Everything was delicious and we felt it was worth the price. We also loved the atmosphere - the upstairs is huge and there's plenty of space to work or study. They also have lots of outlets. I would definitely come here again!!The fact I've not reviewed this place yet is an absolute joke. I'm here practically every day and there's obviously a reason why. One Shot, for me, is one of the standout joints in Northern Liberties: with a weekly specials menu full of delicious food (in addition to the normal faire!) and some lovely chaps and chapettes serving Stumptown coffee, this place is absolutely quality. The upstairs 'library'/cafe space is huge and often busy but amazingly there's always room for you at a couch or a table by the window. Don't know what else to say-- love this place.People who know me understand that I am very picky about my coffee. I won't drink drip coffee unless I see it brewed in front of me, so I usually opt for an Americano (black). One Shot's Americanos have me hooked - I wish I was in NoLibs more often.
I'm waiting to try their breakfast, but haven't had the opportunity yet.My favorite, favorite cafe EVER!!!  It's cozy, inviting and charming.  I am impressed by their creative menus of drinks and food!  Their coffee puts Starbucks to shame.  It's sooo good!  Oh, and try their scones.  Normally I don't think a scone is something to get excited about, but omg these things are absolutely delicious!I live up the street from One Shot and that is all the time I should have given them " One Shot". The coffee shop is very cute and charming however the owner is snippy and every time I go in she is either taking herself too seriously or being snide with her customers. I actually watched her make fun of a customer after he left the door. Not my idea of someone who is taking there business seriously. Oh yea and I will give you a little warning in advance, GOD FORBID you mention the nasty word Starbucks she basically has a hernia and you are then forever on her shit list..overall the coffee is good but her attitude SUCK a big one..get over yourself.Glad I gave it a go! A decent place with good food and friendly workers. Bf and I had the One Shot breakfast sandwich w/bacon and the Ultimate breakfast sandwich. Both were yummy (we preferred the One Shot). We also shared a bacon cronut which was a nice "appetizer" to our breakfast. I had a coffee and he had a chai, which was also tasty. The wait for the food wasn't terrible. I also like that you order at the counter, they bring you the food, and they pretty much leave you at peace (kinda like how they do at Cosi's, but more personable). I'd come back!Freaking delicious!  
(Minus one star because they took the french toast sticks off the menu and replaced them with stuffed french toast.)This place is dangerously addictive! With there weekly special drinks and menu items always keeping it exciting and new. I have joined this One Shot "Cult" back in 2014, fast, delicious and fresh food. Outstanding and unique homemade latte's. Plus a friendly staff and beautiful interior, what more could anyone ask for in a breakfast spot.Food is delicious. Would like to see more lunch items but the keep it simple idea still works. Invite a friend or come alone. If you are cool and hip and can appreciate breaking away from the franchise mold .. This is your placeOrdered a bag of 12 oz coffee and Kombucha for 27 dollars.   There's something wrong with that, right?  So i provided feedback via twitter, after going through w/ the purchase, thinking they would possibly take feedback from customers constructively.
So they blocked me from Twitter... LOL
Dont get me wrong, this place is cool, and the food is better than expected from a coffee shop.  Bordering on very good.  However, the prices are crazy, and this level of price gouging and pretension is what contributed to a lot of proprietors to venture north of girard.Came back to this awesome location last month and it hasn't lost its charm, service and selections.  Their coffee is superb.  Their pastries, the vibe, the energy, the staff and the customers.  I had an almond latte and a breakfast sandwich.  They were extremely busy so we waited in line for a little bit and then came the food.  Again, superb.  Excellent place to visit in Philadelphia.I walked in from a chilly morning to have it get chilled even further by a blasé staff.
I typically just come in to buy coffee in bulk, and now I'm remembering why I'd rather just order it online (or SHOT TOWER!) and brew it myself in the comfort of my own home. 
I walked in at 10am, got the briefing on some specials by one barista, quickly reviewed the menu to see if there's anything new, and casually made my way to the register to order.
I attempted to order the early special (8am-10am, bagel and a 12oz. coffee), but it was 10:04, and the staff just sorta gave me a *sighing, couldn't believe I'd ask* look (the same look was rehearsed a second time when my companion asked for the internet password).
I guess for all technicality's sake, I shouldn't get the early morning special that ends at 10am at 10:04, but when I've been lingering and making small talk with the staff for 4 minutes, I figured some air of humanity would prevail...Instead, I ended up with an antiseptic answer I'd expect from a automated calling system...Needless to say, I didn't get the special. 
I get it, I'm ordering after 10am. Maybe the system you use to complete transactions wouldn't allow you to process the request - but I find that hard to believe, and harder to believe there isn't a way around that if it was the case...Its not like the kitchen's packed and cleaned up the bagels, or the coffee at 10:01. Its just not the kind of service I would've predicted from such an otherwise solid establishment - especially when other, closer-to-home coffee shop options are available - doesn't competition drive some sense of flexibility or courtesy to the customer - its Monday morning for all of us, right? $4 for a bagel and 12oz. of coffee is still delivering a substantial profit no matter what time of day you're ordering it. 
I ended up ordering a tofu breakfast burrito (I'm vegan, it was admittedly good), and the coffee is always good (kinda hard to "F" up Stumptown brews anyway), but after that experience, my order stopped there. The primary point I'm trying to make here is that I would've ordered more food which would've also included following through on my whole whimsical inspiration to go there in the first place - to order a special coffee, or dirty chai etc. - something I can't or don't feel like making at home - which would've consequently resulted in me handing over more money (the price tags were already at the higher end for what I think is reasonable), and more tips (I still tipped - I'm not that shallow) to the establishment as a whole.
And, last but not least - left with a 'pleasant taste' of the place in general instead of the nagging desire to write this - my first  - Yelp! review. 
I kick myself now for not at least using their wifi to do so. 
While I'm at it...I may as well also make a quick stab about the music - good choices, in fact, the ambience of this place is pretty much flawless -  but if you're going to play it off your iPhone, put that shit in Airplane mode so I don't have to hear it pause and beep through the speakers every time you get a new notification.As coffee places go this is on the better end of things.  If (for whatever reason) you've read a number of my reviews you may know I don't much care for hipsters, possibly based on the fear that I secretly am one.  And this being an "independent coffee house" such folk do frequently show up here.  But I've found this place to be generally welcoming and it seems to attract a wide variety of people.
The staff is really nice, and one girl in particular.  One day I ordered the "sassy bagel" and was disappointed with the amount of hummus contained therein.  Upon returning another day I ordered the same thing and specified "a good amount of hummus" and received just that.  I don't think baked goods are really their thing, but this is somewhat made up for by the variety of bagels/sandwiches.
One minor complaint I have is that when making iced lattes they first pour the espresso directly over the ice.  Why don't people understand this is the wrong way to do it?  First you put the espresso in with cold milk, THEN you add ice.  So that way the ice doesn't melt and the drink doesn't taste watery.  Next time I won't hesitate to correct them.  Though now that my sister doesn't live in Northern Liberties anymore I probably won't be going up there too much.
I'd say 3.5 stars is more like it, but the excellent customer service, free wi-fi and ample comfortable seating (even though the place is small) will get it a 4.Superb "Mom & Pop" Coffee House in the midst of the upscaled Northern Liberties community in Philadelphia.  Steps from either the Girard Station on the SEPTA Frankford Line Subway/Elevated and steps away from the Route 15 Girard Avenue Trolley.  Totally bicycle friendly.  Total walking accessible.  And a nightmare for car parking (Yeeppeee!)   I would venture to say that it is as European a Coffee House as you can get in what is perhaps the most European-style city in the US.
Came here for late breakfast/early lunch/brunch with a great friend who is a total, unrepentant vegan.  And I am an unrepentant meat eater at least for breakfast.  Well, the menu has enough for everyone.  My friend had an absolutely awesome Quinoa Salad with (obviously) protein-complete Quinoa and arugula, corn, edamame, carrots, radish and a number of other vegan delights.  And I had a huge made-to-order everything Bagel with two eggs, ham, Swiss cheese, tomatoes, and avocados.  Yum.  And the coffee.... Yes, the coffee... Local Stumptown roaster coffee of which I had two, one Soy Cappuccino and then a double espresso.  With two levels of seating, they had enough seating for an entire neighborhood.  However, on a gorgeous day, we sat outside watching the people and the wonderful redevelopment of Northern Liberties as new construction is evident everywhere, as the 1960-70 musical repertoire was a superb accompaniment to the food.  A delightful experience...One Shot is that kind of neighborhood place where you can go and never feel like you are overstaying your welcome. My getaway place when I don't feel like making breakfast or when I want to get out with my laptop to spend a few hours working and noshing with a friend. Sometimes I wake up hoping that One Shot food will magically appear in my kitchen. Portland's Stumptown Roast is found here, seriously delish.This is a classic coffee shop. Come here. Grab a coffee. Have a seat and enjoy. There is plenty of seating since their expansion a few years back. Great coffee. Minimal food options but this is a COFFEE shop not a cafe. Loved this place when I lived in town.This place is hit-or-miss. When it's a hit, I'd give it a 4; when it's a miss I'd give it a 2. So I'll go with a healthy average: 3 stars.
For some reason the coffee will be amazing one day, and kinda weak & watery the next. But the decor is charming and cozy, and the vegan treats could win over any carnivore. I'll be back for the outdoor seating, for sure!Pros: Nice local art on the walls, comfy places to sit, eco-friendly, free wi-fi, yummy cookies and brownies, great place to order hot tea. I go here when I want a bagel loaded with fresh veggies and cream cheese. 
Cons: gets crowded easily, not many places to plug the laptop in, when you leave you smell awful, a bit pricey. They finally take debit cards though!!"You've only got one shot, so make it count."
One Shot is all you need.
I first heard about One Shot Coffee from an old friend and immediately put it on my Philly bucket list when she told me about the blueberry apple pie chai she had. I mean, how many places can you find that serve a drink like that?! I also stalked One Shot Cafe's instagram and was basically drooling over their posts of housemade cronuts, other baked goods, and brunch specials.
My boyfriend and I actually were staying at the opposite end of the city, but we woke up early and made the 45-60 minute trek because I had my mind set on it. One Shot is tucked away in a corner in a transitioning neighborhood; it's a hidden treasure. It is a narrow cafe with some plush cushion seating and outdoor tables. Unbeknownst to me, there is also an upstairs area with more seating that looks like the perfect spot to cozy up with a cup of coffee or tea.
One Shot has a glass case displaying their freshly baked goods, an extensive coffee menu above, AND an actual food menu. My boyfriend and I both ordered off their daily specials menu, but honestly, I wanted to try everything on their regular menu as well. They have a beautiful menu featuring drink specials that is designed by an artist each week (which I learned from stalking their Instagram) hanging behind the cashier, and this week's theme was Hawai'i. 
The boyfriend opted for the Italian pork roll breakfast burrito (scrambled eggs, potatoes, sauteed onion, cheddar, long hots, served with sweet pepper salsa & garden greens). I got the croissant french toast with mixed berry compote, sweet butter, & maple syrup and an iced lavender blueberry latte (2 shots hairbender sweetened with lavender & blueberry syrup), also a special for the week. 
The croissant french toast wasn't too heavy or overwhelming. The berry compote provided a sweet and tart complement to the buttery croissant. However, I kept stealing bites from my boyfriend's breakfast burrito -- the real star of the show. The burrito was slightly grilled on each side so that the tortilla had a bit of a crunch. The potatoes were also shredded hashed browns that were in the contents of the burrito rather than on the side as an afterthought. I started wishing I had gotten the breakfast burrito too. The iced latte was strong in blueberry flavor (not so much lavender) and was extremely refreshing. One sip definitely woke me up.
There were a few benches outside, but we were able to score a corner sofa seat. It was calm for a Saturday around noon, but shortly after we ordered, a line soon developed. The entire staff was extremely friendly and offering their recommendations when we were unsure of what to pick. My only gripe was that the prices were a bit steep. The breakfast for the two of us and the iced latte ended up being close to $30.
Overall, I would definitely recommend One Shot to anyone who visits Philly, and I will certainly be back. Once was simply not enough.Chalky coffee. Whats up with that ? Maybe it was the milk or something. Not too impressed.
I'll have to stop in again some time.
On a positive note, The blueberry scone was one of the best scones I've ever had.Such a great space to meet up with friends to chat while eating good grub and drinking great coffee.  Shhhh don't tell anyone it is still a hidden treasure.I've stopped in here off and on over the years, but I recently moved (back) to the neighbourhood and have been going a little more frequently. It's cute, bakes delicious pastry, and has inventive menu items, in addition to good coffee. Service is fine. The one thing that's hard to reconcile is the price. The other day I got a cold brew and a bagel with cream cheese and tomato; the total was just under $10 ($9 + change). I understand that cold brew requires a lot of coffee and time to make... but while I don't know the exact break down of my total, I just can't make sense of $10 for coffee and a bagel.Just had brunch here and it was pretty awesome! The wait staff was friendly, the building had a "funky" vibe which was cool and the food was great! The upstairs definitely seemed like a great place to sit and relax with a cup of coffee or even work. If you're in NoLibs, you gotta check this place out!Yum! 
Delicious coffee, latte's and bagels too! I'm not a fan of Liberites Walk (the complex where this is located) itself, but this place has a cozy atmosphere. I am also NOT a fan of chains, their coffee is overpriced and inconsistent. The staff here was nice and attentive. I would rather give my money to an independent business and this place makes it easy to do.One Shot has something for all 5 senses.
Sight: This place is like that stylish friend who is wearing something cute, vintage, and creative every time you see her.  It's like they went to Paris and picked up every piece of decor at some secret amazing flea market.  Inside you will find all kinds architectural pieces mixed with new stylish items.   
Sound: Surf music from the 60's - the perfect soundtrack to a hot summer day.
Touch: Every surface in here was chosen with care.  From the smooth white marble table tops to the comfy long grey upholstered couch - it all works.
Smell: Delicious coffee scent greets you at the door.
Taste: Brunch here is good with a bigger selection than you'd expect.  Last time I had the perfect combo of an everything bagel with brie, thin green apple slices, and cherry preserves.  Unusual tastes combined into perfection.  Typically, this comes with bacon.
The prices are a bit high, but the quality and ambiance are worth it.  I heard that they shut off their WiFi during brunch hours, so beware, if that's what you're looking for.The Three Star Review: 
Why doesn't this local coffee shop purchase beans from local roasters? I love One Shot Coffee, but a few things bother me: non-local beans and  over priced coffee and food. 
The Four Star Review:
One Shot was located in Liberties Walk in Northern Liberties. The vibe these gals were going for was something local that all the hipsters flocked to. Realizing Liberties Walk wasn't that, they moved into this awesome building two blocks away that speaks what their true style is. The new building is the perfect spot and has an amazing egg sandwich, scones and delicious coffee.Went there today, 9/20/2013 for the first and, definitely, last time. Coffee was mediocre and not very hot. No free or discounted refills!! Female server was sour faced and peremptory, like she was doing me a huge favor by pouring me a mug of crappy coffee. I heard the table next to me muttering about the overpriced sandwich he was eating. Adieu One Shot-never again!Great corner hole in the wall. good vibe and coffee and egg sandwich hit the spot. The chocolate cake looked fabulous but it was only 11 a.m.so I passed.Okay, okay.
Everyone was nicer this time.
Still have yet to visit upstairs! Just haven't gotten the chance yet.
EDIT: Went upstairs and it's AWESOME.My favorite place to study in the city, but can be pricey.  Always can find room to study/work on the second floor.  Staff is very friendly.What a great find!  Another reviewer described it as an oasis and I really agree with that assessment.  We stopped in on a Saturday morning bike ride.
The coffee is well prepared.  I chose an Americano and K went with a hot tea as she is not drinking as much coffee as she used to.  Brunch was great.  There is a good selection of breakfast fare.  The ABE sandwich was delicious.
The prices are a bit higher than you'd pay at the big S, but I rather support a local business.  There is a minimum charge of $5 on credit cards so be prepared in the event you want a second cup (learned this the hard way) with your breakfast/brunch.
Overall, One Shot is a really enjoyable experience.What else could one ask for in a locally owned neighborhood coffee shop. One shot is by far my new favorite spot in the city. The food is outstanding.. Like a farmer in the field. Service was friendly without being annoying. The Wifi was fast, and my cappuccino was perfect. I was sold on this place even before the owner (Melissa) urged me to check out the upstairs. What greeted me was an amazing space to relax, get some work done, and enjoy the delights "one shot" has to offer. I'll be back again and again....Pretty pricey overall, although the food is delicious. The 2 star rating is because of the poor customer service. Would it kill them to smile once in a while? Ordering my coffee, all I received was a blank stare, and I got the impression that I was bothering them by placing my order.Got the sweet potato benny and shared it with a friend. The tater cake was really crispy, but the salad was a bit plain (looks like there isn't much to it but I could taste some olive oil and lemon). The poached egg wasn't runny, which I prefer (but did not request, FYI), and the hollandaise was pretty light compared to sauces I've had with other eggs benedicts. I think the sweet potato patty and avocado work quite well with this dish. Don't really care for the salad and not sure how they could make it better...but I really enjoyed the rest of the dish. The place is super cute with a rustic feel. If I lived closer, I think I'd like reading upstairs or getting a drink with a friend if I wasn't coming for a meal.I only hope the owners eventually open a restaurant serving dinner too. The brunch dishes they have at this place are phenomenal. Eggs Lyon special was fabulous. I go every single weekend practically because I can't stay away. Great coffee and atmosphere too.it's beautiful, i'll give it that, but that's where my accolades end.  do i really need another pretentious barista (make that 3 of them, 3 snobby and obnoxious women this morning) staring at me with a look that says "why are you bothering me and when will you be out of my atmosphere"?  i think not, at least not another one in the nolibs area.  i ordered the mac-n-cheese egg sandwich with bacon; i received a side of mac-n-cheese and 2 scrawny pieces of bacon - FOR $7.25 - THE SANDWICH I HAD ACTUALLY ORDERED AND PAID FOR WAS LESS MONEY, YET WOULD HAVE HAD MORE FOOD.  my receipt was correct, what i received was not, yet i had waited far too long for this subpar food to ask to take it back.
the prices are ridiculous, staff unpleasant (at least the three women working the bar - i can't speak for anyone else), service was incredibly slow.  i'll be sticking to places far away from this one from now on.
oh, and the coffee was meh.YUM YUM! cute couches, funky lighting, relaxed homey feel, so easy to sit and talk for hours. super love the experience this place has to offer! Went here for a late brunch on saturday, and was very pleasantly surprised. My roommate goes here often since the shop is near her work, but I hadn't been yet. I ordered the brunch special omelet, the "sleepless in seattle", it was sundried tomatoes, zucchini, and a few other delicious veggies. MMM, they had a whole rack of hotsauces to choose from, and the food was hot, fresh and prompt, fluffy omelets, tasty hashbrowns. the coffee is stumpton, and it was so flavorful and smooth! We sat for 2 hours, getting refills and pastries even after our brunches. Staff was super helpful, incorporating my gluten intolerance easily and keeping my food contamination free. very awesome place and definitely will be back for another leisurely brunch!Obviously, One Shot has moved.
The new space is definitely beautiful. It looks like it could even be some sort of upscale bar. But, I feel like it has lost some of its quirk. It's less cozy.
I'm not sure why this is, but today, the baristas were very inattentive, and a little rude. I know that there are some really great baristas, but it's not really okay for any of them to not be great.The epitome of a hipster coffee shop. Take that as you will.
Pastries were okay and the egg/cheese sandwich was also only okay (quite greasy). My friend got a coffee which he said was good (since I didn't have it I can't vouch for it though)after coming here quite often i have to downgrade my review. 
The quality of the food has fallen, as has the service: they want you out of there ASAP. 
There aren't any power outlets, and the wifi is down every weekend for brunch (I get that they want faster turnover, but wth?). Spend your money elsewhere, like two blocks down at the Sweet Spot in liberties walk, where the owners WANT you you be there.The food is good, the coffee is good, the atmosphere is cool, but everything is very over priced. Most of the employees seem  disinterested in making your visit a pleasurable one - it's almost like you are annoying them by ordering food/drinks. There are better coffee spots near by.Stick to the drinks. They are delicious. And this is a great coffee shop.
The food is another story. When trying to order the vegan food, I've rarely had good luck. The people I'm ordering from rarely know what I'm talking about, though the gran options are listed on the menu. Several times I've actually had to pay more for modifications for vegan menu items though those changes often mean things are left off. The constant effort to sneak in up selling has ruined the place for me. I never understood how that 50 cent tomato is worth the bad feelings.Giving this 3 out of 5 stars. Although the iced coffee and bacon egg and cheese are good, I have never ever paid $28 for two coffees and two breakfast sandwiches. This place should be in rittenhouse if they are going to charge that much.God, do I ever love One Shot. From the food to the coffee and the incredibly comfy atmosphere, I would stay here all day if I could. My food pick is the brie, arugula, apple & onion jam croissant. Their iced coffee is the bomb and pretty much all of their specialty drinks are a consistently delicious. It's definitely on the expensive side but well worth it and a place that I consider a "treat" to visit. But honestly I probably visit here at least once or twice a week.I came in looking for a medium iced coffee.  After I asked the person behind the counter, she gave me a weird look and said, "we only have small or large" before rolling her eyes.  Sure, okay, so I ask for a large and they tell me they have a $10 min to use a card.  I can understand a restaurant having that high a min, but for a coffee shop, it just seemed silly.  So I used the ATM, got back in line only to hear the person in front of me place an order that was $8.50 something.  The person behind the counter then said, "We have a $10 min, but you're welcome to tip up to $10".
I've never thought of a coffee shop as pretentious until I went here.  Coffee was alright.Stopped in the morning we left Philly after a weekend trip for a concert. This was a local recommendation from our host and we're so glad we went in! It looks very quaint and tiny from the outside but the upstairs is very large. The Ultimate Breakfast Sandwich was amazing and choosing breakfast was tough because the menu was so creative. They had horror movie themed lattes and my friend and I tried two of them which were both very delicious and innovative. The atmosphere is very laid back and quiet. Would definitely come here to get work done or read a book if I lived closer!Delicious teas and coffee with good non-dairy options. Always has cute special boards with innovative drinks to try. Very cozy atmosphere.After hearing about this place I thought, "Great...just what No Libs needs, ANOTHER coffee shop". But after making a visit, I must say that it's now one of my favorites. There was no overwhelming pretentiousness that I observe in other coffee shops. I wasn't ogled as I walked through the door and the workers and other patrons were friendly.
Prices are typical (so not much savings), but selection is above par. Any kind of mocha, caramel, nutella, honey maple, or chai coffee or espresso concoction you can think of can most likely be made here. As I'm not a big coffee drinker, I had the house blend iced coffee and was pleased with it (although a bit bitter). The food menu also looked very appetizing, offering creative sandwiches, salads, and typical breakfast fare.
Spending time studying in the upstairs seating area was a real treat; very reminiscent to being in your grandma's cool attic. Loved the artwork, the original wooden planks on the ceiling, the motorbike under the staircase, and the view of the neighboring horse stables.
With Macbooks and Dell laptops on almost every table and seeing everyone else being so productive, the atmosphere was very conducive to productivity. I'd personally suggest bring headphones just in case the background music is a bit too loud for you.
Overall, I'll definitely be coming back. Great place to get your caffeine fix and get some work done.Great coffee, great food and an interesting millennial staff! I will deffinetly be back!So cute! There's an upstairs area with tons of tables and couches. Coffee is stumptown and they have food too! Great for studying/working (WiFi available)I've always been treated well here. It's comfortable. Good selection of magazines and wireless.  I really like the tea drinks, hot and iced. I visit often.Went there 10 days ago for lunch with my photography class for the first time. They were very accommodating to the group and sat us on the second floor. The staff was great and everyone loved their meals. I had the Spanish Omelet and an iced chai latte, both delicious. I'm not sure why some reviewers had issues with the staff but I found them friendly and accommodating. We were a group of 15 and had a very relaxing meal with no feeling that they wanted to urge us to leave.  I plan on returning with my husband.This is decent, but nothing special. I gotta say, the decoration of the place was amazing though. You get such a cool vibe.No reliable internet access...which is a shame because I have gone there about four times to do work, and three of those times I could not get on the internet. Super super frustrating! I am guessing maybe the server gets overloaded? As I said, the internet problem there is really a shame because One Shot has awesome work spaces: large tables surrounded by bookshelves and lots of natural light, as well as delicious coffee. I really hope the management figures out a better way to provide internet access.My go-to coffee shop in Nlibs. Really neat décor, seating downstairs, upstairs and outside. Perfect place to catch up with a friend or get some work done. Good coffee and delicious food. My personal faves are the garden bagel, Hudson bagel and the standard. It is a bit pricey, which is why I gave it 4 stars.Northern Liberties, Phila PA
Skimming thru some prior reviews doesnt sound like the best place for tender love and care services. But Im not too interested in a business's services so much here. The aesthetics makes up for it. My focus: I just like the energy in this artsy cafe. I first discovered it after coming from New Orleans and it was summertime. I got lemonade/ice tea and I never knew what the name was for this drink combination. But it was so thirst quenching. I loved it. I fell in love with this cafe as I wandered upstairs. I was the only one there because they were gonna close in a short time. The best few minutes ever. I forgot about this place for a while now...but it is always closed when I am here because they dont have late hours. Anyway, great place to relax ponder in the summers and early autumns. If I lived nearby I would probably be here everyday. :)I reallllllly like One Shot, but there are a few things that bum me out enough to knock off stars, the prices are a tad high for some of the drinks--I spent $8.99 on two iced teas, one was a thai iced tea, but still. They were smalls. The other is the fact that they close the upstairs earlier than the rest of the place. It's such a great place to work, or hang out, or read, etc. My husband and I usually spend about $35-40 per visit on food and drinks, but always get kicked out of the upstairs after a short time of being there. The closing time is arbitrary too, which I find even more annoying. One day it was 3:30, yesterday it was 4pm. You close at 5 on Sundays, just keep it friggin open. The downstairs is almost always full once the upstairs closes, so taking work to another table is often impossible. 
Now, the good stuff--the food is yummy! The specials always sound amazing, the coffee drinks are delish, despite their price tag. The baristas are pleasant and knowledgeable. The ambience feels like home, or a catalogue of what I want my home to be like.I hate to give any local business anything less than 4 or 5 stars, but I was disappointed. I came pretty excited since the pictures looked so awesome. I loved the decor and the music was fun. I would probably come again if I find myself back in NoLibs for coffee or tea, but not to eat. For the record, I'm not that difficult to please, but my tofu scramble was extremely soggy and my potatoes were very greasy. My side salad was yummy though and my partner liked her breakfast. The ordering/seating situation is a little confusing also. However, I will still recommend this place to someone, just with fair warning.One shot omelet is pretty good! I had mine with goat cheese and sautéed onions. They don't have Nutella latte on the menu, but I asked and they made it for me. Sweet!Dig the new place. A lot bigger, a lot nicer. Was always a cool place. But I'm not feeling the new menu. Nothing is as good as it sounds on paper, and the portions are tiny for what you pay for. Plus, their old claim to fame was, like, 20 different bagel sandwiches, and now they only have one at a time, which is a huge letdown because I loved their bagels. Still a cool place though.One Shot, thank you for not taking yourself too seriously, even though you offer a seriously awesome menu in an even more awesome location. I come here more often than I should given the pricey drinks and my inclination to try the weekly offering of outrageously named $5 espresso drinks. Strawberry my shortcake, Gentleman Prefer Blondes (now on the regular menu), etc.  
Yummy munchables: Swedish Fish Bagel, Polenta, Oatmeal, and the mac n cheese (super rich). I expect everything is delish. 
Bonus: there is a motorocycle upstairs. Who wouldn't love that?One Shot has become a staple in my morning routine. During the week I go for a dirty chai latte, and fresh scone. And by fresh, I mean literally off of the cooling rack, still hot from the oven fresh. Pretty much amazing. So good that I'll wait for them if they're not quite ready...
Should you care to partake in the scone awesomeness-plan on getting there around 7:30am.Their food is great, but their coffee is so-so. They don't know how to make Americano coffee. Lola Bean does a much better job. Perhaps it is the kind of coffee bean they use, but they could also do a better job in serving the beverages hot. Today my boyfriend had an Americano and it was warm and watery... So we left and went to Lola Bean and got an Ameicano that tasted much better.Love this place.  The coffee is always great (they serve Stumptown and Rival Bros!); delicious baked goods; tasty sandwiches, snacks and brunch; friendly staff; BYOB; beautifully designed and the upstairs library feels like you're hanging out in someone's home.  I've heard that they're starting to do live acoustic music in the upstairs library.First off - the coffee.. mmmmm mmmm good!!!! I take my coffee like my men... strong and a little sweet!  One Shot's blend is so smooth, I don't even need the sweet.  To drink it black - you know it's good!
Second - the decor.. outstanding!  Nothing like it anywhere I've traveled.  One Shot's interior screams comfort.  It almost feels like I've been transported to a super cool ski lodge somewhere... definitely doesn't feel like Philly!  
Third - one drawback.. I always want to stay and enjoy my coffee there but I'm always on the run. Boo for me.This is one of our go to spots in the neighborhood.  We love taking visitors here. You can't go wrong with any of the food. I also love how they have themes for the coffee.  Overall, it has such a cute vibe/location. I highly recommend this spot.What a disappointment, Iced coffee completely water down and absolutely overpriced. I went there on Sunday with my partner and we both ordered blueberry pancakes they came with butter and pancake syrup, we also ordered a side of bacon (3 miserable tiny, tiny slices) probably the cheapest in the market.
So:
2 orders of pancakes (3 on each plate)
2 Iced coffees 
1 side of bacon
=
$27 and change and no costumer service
Seriously? Look around the neighborhood and see the quality food and service other offer!
Want examples?
Green eggs for the same price - Excellent
 Honeys for almost ten dollars less - Absolutely fantastic 
Just a no no to One Shot Coffee
I have to admit, the decor is really nice but not enough for me to go back.Good news:  I went in to One Shot when I was running late one morning shortly after their price increase.  I ordered an iced latte and to my surprise the price had been decreased.  Curious, I asked why the price went down.  I was told "oh, well.. when the person put the new prices into the system they were entered wrong.."  Right. 
What he meant to say was that customers were pissed and stopped coming because of how ridiculously priced their drinks are.The coffee is fantastic, the food is very good, and I love the new digs.  Does it need to be almost $3 for a cup of Joe, though?I had a small coffee, a cookie, a chai tea, and a slice of pie for f-ing $17. I ate up the bill and decided to sit upstairs and enjoy the pleasant vibe, but the price raping is enough to make you break out your calculator and think...what...the...F. 
a lot of their items don't have pricing listed anywhere either. one shot coffee was leagues more affordable when it was a smaller establishment. i don't know anybody that can afford to go to this place on a regular basis.We've visited One Shot a handful of times for weekend brunch. It's not nearby but when in the neighborhood, we'll stop by. I'd consider them a coffee shop that *happens* to do food very well. I've noticed others getting frustrated because they are expecting more of a waiter type experience... You will not find that at One Shot. You will however find knowledgable, polite, time efficient baristas. 
I love the Moroccan scramble and was absolutely devastated when Fall rolled around and so did One Shot's new seasonal menu sans the scramble. However one must move on (at least until the spring/summer menu is back). On our most recent visit, I had a daily special (I checked their online website for name but it's not listed) which was basically an egg white, cherry tomatoes, avocado, arugula, and goat cheese sandwich. The sandwich is normally served on brioche but they were out so I chose rye toast and still found it to be pretty tasty. I am always tempted to try their pastries and desserts which look fantastic but we shared a samoa cookie and I wasn't impressed. There was far too much caramel, it weighed down the cookie and was wet. 
Also I wanted to quickly mention the overall set up and decor of One Shot.. It's awesome. There is seating downstairs, upstairs, out front and along the side - it's a place where you'll definitely be able to get in right away. Others have brought up One Shot's costs.. I think they are comparable with other places in the area. You're not going to find decent breakfast food for much less, sorry friend.Nice vibe, good coffee.  The food looked good, I will be back to try it.  I just wish they would do pour overs!I live a few blocks away and I meet up with friends for mid day coffee breaks frequently. Every time I pop in I look forward to seeing the new cleverly named and delicious specialty beverages with beautiful illustrations to accompany them. They're often themed (I've seen an Arrested Development series!) and the thoughtfulness and creativity that they put into the constantly rotating selection speaks to the care put into their whole business. 
While the drinks are really where it's at, the breakfast sandwiches are delicious. The brioche buns are perfect and while they have the classic meat, egg and cheese, they also have options piled high with fun combinations.
Even better, the tables are beautiful and I've never seen it crowded and intimidating like other coffee shops. They are tons of different seating arrangements, whether you want to burrow into work, chat with friends, or surround yourself with leather and stacked bookshelves. Sadly though, their ktichen closes at 3 and since they're only open til 5 this is a day time only spot.This is my local coffeeshop, and, as a work-from-homer, one of my favorite meeting and office locations. The coffee is great, and the space is beautiful and comfortable. What is not is the price. The food and drinks here are siding on the ridiculous. Granted, it's all good stuff, but for the price, I'll drink my coffee there, and eat a sandwich elsewhere.Great atmosphere. Food is a bit expensive and the $10 min credit card fee is frustrating for a west coaster. Otherwise atmosphere is great and here is lots of space to do work with both floors.I really wish the customer service quality matched the food/drink and atmosphere quality! It would be a shame, but I may just stop going because I've had over a dozen times of unfriendly customer service. The prices are high, which I wouldn't mind if the staff seemed friendlier. There are of course exceptions and a few very nice servers that make all the difference. But I used to go all the time, not so much now for this reason. Everything else is top notch.I am giving this coffee shop 4 (really 4.5) out of 5 stars because I absolutely love everything about this place- they are just a little too pricey. I'd chalk this up to the fact that they are a business in Northern Liberties- so either they are required to be expensive because of the area, or they just choose to be because of the area. Either way, the food seems a little too pricey to me for a coffee shop, but because it's so awesome I'll still pay the price...
One Shot is one of my favorite coffee shops ever- and I have been to a lot of coffee shops in my lifetime! The aesthetic, the vibe: it's so chill and has this old timey diner feel downstairs, with this vintage living room / home feel upstairs. The bookshelves are full of all sorts of books, the decor is amazing, and the stumptown coffee is to die for! Their food is nothing short of delicious (I suggest "The Abe" sandwich), and it comes out fairly quick. Customer service here is polite- but also friendly, like you feel like you are talking to friends- it's great!
The first time I went here was for a staff meeting- I'd say this place is great to come alone, but also for groups and meetings. Just make sure you come mid morning during the week if you have a big group- it's easier to find seating.One Shot Coffee is a whimsical, refurbished place near the heart of NoLibs, offering delicious Stumptown Coffee and various breakfast items for purchase.  They have a myriad of interesting coffee and hot chocolate drinks which are worth scoping out, though prices are really steep and I definitely get the jitters from their coffee after a few hours.  Friendly, scatterbrained service and happy smiles all around!  Decent street parking is available in the early mornings.One of our favorite spots in NoLibs. Perfect spot for brunch. If you go,  go upstairs and enjoy a library view and relax area. One must have is Toms a mix of coffee and chai tea.Updating after going here regularly for a few months. 
The staff definitely has it's good days and bad days, but the girls who work the morning shift during the week are nice and usually kind of funny. They don't ever screw up my order and they really take their time on the espresso drinks. This means that, though you might wait a little while to get your latte, it is going to be the best latte of your life.
Also, they've just switched to Stumptown Coffee and are, to my knowledge, the only place in Philly to serve this Portland deliciousness.Incredibly expensive, expect to spend about $2-3 more than you would elsewhere on most of the drinks and food items. 
I almost didn't mind paying for the likely most expensive latte in Philadelphia when they used Stumptown espresso; it was that good. Since switching to (probably cheaper) PT's the quality has diminished so it's really not worth it anymore.
The food is hit or miss, some of it's good, but most of it is way overseasoned.
Most of the employees seem really depressed; not sure if it's part of the mopey hipster ambience they're trying to project or what, but they must not enjoy working there very much. Some of them won't even make eye contact with you, it's like something out of a creepy dystopian sci-fi movie.
The interior is beautiful though, definitely gonna steal a few design ideas for my loft.
But overall, I would avoid One Shot. Sweet Spot down the street has equally good coffee for about $2 less per drink and the staff is actually friendly and happy to see you. If you're looking for brunch, as someone else mentioned Green Eggs (same price, better food) and Honey's (same food, better prices) are better options.