I ended up here to celebrate Laura S.'s birthday.  It was a great evening, but Opa itself left a bit to be desired.  
Walking in, I was impressed.  Opa does a nice job of balancing classy and hip - the ambiance is trendy without being over the top, and I loved the way the tables were positioned around the sides of the restaurant with the bar in the middle.
Service was friendly enough, but a little behind the ball.  The drinks took a long time to come from the bar, and our servers never asked us about drink refills - we had to flag them down.  Another example: when a friend and I asked to share an entree, they brought it out on a single plate.  I know the establishment is under no obligation to split an entree into two plates, but when the kitchen or server takes the extra time to do it, it makes a big difference.
The food ranged from mediocre to very good.  Appetizers beat entrees, hands down.  The octopus appetizer was tender and flavorful, and was my personal favorite of the evening.  The pita bread that came with our spread pikilia appetizer was also warm and delicious. Unfortunately, the quantity of pita isn't enough to balance out the amount of hummus, tzatziki, etc, and you're left spending another $4 for another order of pita (or eating your tzatziki with a spoon).  The spinach croquettes were enjoyable but not particularly memorable.  Same goes for the horiatiki.
The entrees sealed the deal on the three-star rating.  The steak, ordered medium rare, was surprisingly large, but arrived at the table medium well and was tougher and fattier than we had hoped. The fish was flavorful but a little dry.  The burger wasn't particularly memorable either.  
All in all, it was a nice dinner, but we decided to head elsewhere for dessert.McGillan's was closed so ended up here instead.   The food here is tapas style, small portions.  The food was excellent, but by my calculations, every bite of food cost about $1, so come here if you are looking to savor a few small portions of food, but not if you're really hungry.Overall the food was very good. We had beef meatball, gyros, Chicken kebab, hanger steak and fingerling potatoes. Chicken kebab and hanger steak were delicious.This place is solid.  Great overall experience.  You can wear jeans!  You can wear a t-shirt!  It's summer.  You can also wear a pretty dress!
Opa takes care of the fancy with their cute servers and well thought out dishes.  Not a lot of clutter on the menu; equal apps to main dishes. Smart wine. Modern Greek meets (larger portion) tapas experience.  I expect to get action if I brought a date here.Nice little bar.  Great happy hour too, a few $3 drafts, $1 skewers, $2 sliders, $4 wine, and the most delicious french fries.The $15 lunch special is a great deal, to bad the beer garden isn't open for ourdoor seating on nice days, sitting out front in the alley with the garbage trucks and delivery vans is just not the same...I went last week to celebrate my birthday with a friend. Everything was great: the service, the atmosphere, and the food! Richard our waiter was very nice and personable, which made the experience that much better. 
My friend and I ordered the hummus and pita. We were surprised at the fresh-baked pita with asparagus on top. The saganaki was delectable; the fig on top was a nice touch. I had the village salad which far exceeded my expectations. 
While we were eating, the chef came out and introduced himself. He was very nice, too. It was a very nice night.
As a vegetarian, it's sometimes difficult to find choices without feeling limited. That wasn't the case at Opa and I can't wait to go back!Menu does not come close to what's posted on Yelp. They have gone tapas style. Expensive for what you get. Couldn't make a margarita with a salt rim. Gyro plate had very small portion of lamb and not very good at all. When told the menu didn't match they said they knew??!! Then made excuses. Will not go back and do not recommend.Our initial plan was to try the pizza place next door but their wait was so long. So we found Opa by coincidence but really enjoyed their food and their atmosphere. There is a square bar area in the middle of the restaurant. and then there are more private tables at the back of the restaurant. The food was delicious - surprisingly. We ordered the cheese platter, greek salad, and a pasta (can't remember the name). Heads up, the portions are really small. I think the pricing is more on the high side considering their portions. 
From 10 p.m. they make it like a club setting - really loud music! - We couldn't talk / hear ourselves so we left. Would definitely visit again with a group of friends to share multiple dishes (like tapas style)Most recently visited Opa for lunch but have been to both the beer garden and restaurant multiple times.
They have a great lunch special - $10 for 1/2 sandwich and salad/soup. The beet salad was delicious as well as the chicken gyro. Service was a bit slow, especially for lunch on a weekday when people are trying to get in and out.
The beer garden is great. Very spacious with a good selection of beers. They have a limited and different food menu at the beer garden (think more bar food) but still tasty nonetheless.
I'll be back, but will make sure if its for lunch I have plenty of time.We came here for sips because they had a more interesting variety of drinks and food than other places. I got the wine but should've ordered their pineapple cocktail like my friend. It was fruity but not too sweet- a potent combo that was downed waaay too quickly. 
We stayed for dinner and ended up ordering the trio of spreads. So delicious. I was skeptical because all of them seemed a little on the runnier side when they came to the table, but they ended up being just right. The hummus was smokey from all of the cumin, the yogurt dip was refreshing and not too acidic, and the feta and red pepper spread- WOW. I can think of so many things I would want to spread that on. They skimped on the pita, but the raw veggies were a nice touch. I was surprised by how much I liked the raw zucchini.
I got the feta-stuffed burger after hearing about how amazing it was but was disappointed. My bun was stale and too big for the patty, and the relish was an after-thought. That relish really had potential to brighten up the meat patty. But the worst part was that I couldn't find the feta. I bit into the burger expecting to see -and taste- chunks of feta. But nope. It was no where to be found, no where to be tasted. Now that I think about it, they really should just top every burger with their red pepper and feta dip. Now I would go back for that.We had a variety of dishes including zucchini chips, gyros, chicken skewer, veggie skewer, baklava and a curry style soup (can't recall the name of it). The food was mostly pretty tasty with the highlights being the gyros and soup, but the portion size was extremely small. Granted, we stuck to a bunch of the smaller sized plates, but these plates were miniature. For all that above it cost ~$45 + tip.
The interior looks very nice and is very well done. Service was average. The bathroom has a hand dryer instead of paper towels.
Food Quality/Taste =  4 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 2 Stars
Price = 3 Stars
Service = 3 Stars
Experience with Staff = 3 Stars
Decor = 5 StarsDon't go for dinner after 9:00, otherwise you are paying top dollar to hear extremely loud music (DJ) that is impossible to talk over AND to have someone'a back or coat in your food. You have been warned!I love Opa. 
I have been there twice and both times have been delicious.
I am a vegetarian and was very happy with the selections. 
I have been with a pregnant woman and a meat lover and we were all in heaven.
They had great beer choices as well.Extremely rude bartender (10:30pm August 12)... Friend asked for a mojito and he dismissively gestured "no" twice. Then this bro decided to essentially steal money from us by giving us each $1 less than what he should have (I.e., paid $10 for an $8 wine and only received $1 back). Didn't leave a tip as it seemed like he went ahead and took it himself, so I didn't call him out on it, but seriously, what the heck...? Really cold as well, did not care for him at all. The bouncer was a sweetheart, though.We enjoyed our dining experience here at Opa and will most likely return. The saganaki was devine and is a must if you a cheese lover. We ordered the lamb gyro and it was fantastic despite its very small portion. The brussel sprouts had too much oil for my liking. We ordered the roasted chicken and felt that it was pretty flavorless. Ambiance is nice and service was excellent. I would come back and try new things. Defining felt order the lamb gyro if you like lamb.Went for brunch. Food was mediocre at best. Mistakes were made on several orders, some items never arrived or were inedible. Portions small. The waiter nicely took some items off our bill but overall the experience was not good.The happy hour fries are the best I've ever had - melted feta, peppers, onions, and some other spices and seasoning made my friends and I nickname them "crack fries" and they've become a staple ever since I moved to Philly a few months ago.
When it's warm out, there's an outdoor area/beer garden in he back where you can play various games such as connect 4, a ping pong table, and a generally awesome vibe. 
I have yet to have dinner here yet but based on the happy hour food and appetizers, it will be amazing and I can't wait to try it! 
Staff is also friendly and polite, checking in frequently and delivering quickly!Alright let me say this, food and atmosphere, aesthetics are pretty solid. Portions left much to be desired. But the serving staff... While they were nice and meant well, it was like the JV squad, they just didn't seem too competent with timing - we waited a long time for one app, then for the food, and then for them go take cards. And place was about 60% full, nowhere near full or over capacity. Waitstaff was just amateurs, hopefully it'll get better.The 3 dips for the pita were good. i would definitely recommend that. the $13 meat dish in a metal black dish that was basically cheese, macaroni, and ground beef, that was alright. It was way too heavy, I guessl ike a comfort food but it tasted like scalloped potatoes with way too much oil. It was fine till you got nearer the bottom, all that oil just made you feel disgusting. Would definitely recommend you order something else, maybe the gyro?Opa turns into a really interesting night club during the late nights of the weekend. They also have a nice back patio that is enclosed during the winter.Here's the scene: 5:45 on Saturday afternoon, party of 5. We walk into Opa, menu looks good, the place has the windows open for a nice day in the city, the restaurant has a total of ONE table sat. We ask for a table for 5 people, they don't have anything available. I know, I was shocked too. There was literally only 3 patrons (at one table) in the whole restaurant!
Their reasoning is that it was closing in on 7pm, when they would have several larger parties coming in and our party of 5 would conflict with that. I worked as a hostess, so I understand where they are coming from, but to clear out your entire restaurant seems like very poor form
We ended up going to El Vez, caddy corner to Opa, where we were seated right away, ordered several appetizers and drinks, followed by entrees, not in a rush to eat, and we were still done by 7pm.  We walked by Opa after we left Vez and the place was still wide open. 
Poor form!I'm Greek, so when we found a Greek restaurant across the street from our hotel, I couldn't pass it up. Opa is an upscale, trendy place with classic Greek food and American fare with a Mediterranean twist.
It's a small space, so expect to wait a bit for a table. When we were there, the front windows were open and there was live music, which made the inside ambiance even better. The decor is very modern with shades of blue, metal, and wood. The coolest feature was in the bathroom- Greeks are known for breaking plates at celebrations, and the bathroom has a mosaic made up of broken plates. 
My wife had the fluke ceviche, which was very fresh and flavorful, and came with fried pita. It was good without being fishy. My meal was the lamb burger, which was one of the best burgers I've ever had. I'm being partial because growing up Greek, my two favorite dishes that my grandmother made were kefetes, which are zesty Greek meatballs, and Greek Village Salad, which is tomatoes, cucumber, and red onion drowned in olive oil and vinegar. The lamb meat was flavored just like her kefetes mixed with creamy feta cheese, and it was topped with diced tomato, cucumber and red onion flavored just like her Village Salad. Served on a toasted bun, it was my grandmother on a plate. The fries had fresh oregano that was slighted baked to a flaky texture, which made them exceptional. 
I would definitely try Opa again- it was fun, fresh, and made me miss my grandmother's cooking, which isn't an easy feat.Welp, despite a reservation for 4 made a week ahead of time, our hostesses had to scramble getting us sat 20 minutes late (even after we arrived early). We popped into Drury in the back at their request while we waited. Man oh man, I haven't felt so old in a while. I didn't think an age difference of 4 years could make such a difference- every girl at the other picnic tables seemed to be competing with one another on who could be louder and shallower.
Once we were seated and settled back in Opa- a much more dim and quiet atmosphere, my troubles were gone. We tried a lot: the hummus and skordalia, the rabbit, chicken gyro, mushroom pie, village salad, brussel sprouts and hanger steak. General consensus across the board? "Meh, it could have been better." (especially for the price point and area)
As for drinks: their wine selection was awesome. Moderate per glass and bottle pricings and a bunch of Greek wines I hadn't ever heard of. I'd love to stop back in here for a drink and/or cocktail in the ambiance they have. I don't think I'll make it a point to be back for the food.Opa quickly resolved a complaint I had regarding the portion size on their NYE's fixed price menu. Seems like a restaurant that truly cares about keeping its customers happy. Food was high quality and very delicious. Staff had being very courteous.Opa is my current fave bar in the city, but I fear I will need to search for a new one soon. (it's getting exceedingly crowded. good for them.) The cute beer garden* out back and the Koukla cocktail are the top draws for me, and the perfect combo for those warm summer nights.
Service is efficient. (i.e. good, but not super friendly.)
Food is good. (i.e. tasty, Greek-INSPIRED.)
*They need to take out the ping pong table and put in additional benches. Provide decks of cards instead! You're welcome.Really enjoy this place. Solid 3.5 stars! Been here several times, and I love the stylish and sleek vibe. My favorite drink is the Koukla - pineapple vodka, lemon, and lavender. Refreshing, and goes down too easy! Dinner options offer a variety, especially when ordering for a large group. The easiest option is to order some appetizers and share. You may find that you need an extra order of their zucchini chips and their trio of spreads!I've been here 3 times for lunch so far and I've become a fan.  Everything we've had has been good to delicious. I've had wine recommended to me by our server and that has been good as well.  Highlights have been the loukoumades, which are greek beignets. They were so good, I think I could live on them. The winter squash soup was excellent as were the flatbreads.  Only ok were the veal meatballs and a tomato, olive salad that I had once.  The tomatoes were definitely winter tomatoes and I wasn't expecting pits in my olives.  Another disappointment was that they don't serve Bloody Marys.
I would like to come back for dinner sometime as it seems like they have a much larger menu then.  It's never been crowded at lunch time and our service has always been good.This place is wonderful and very low key. I suggest coming here after work to enjoy the happy hour specials and beer garden. My favorite dish thus far has been the pork shoulder and lamb gyro. Get appetizers because the portion sizes are smaller but reasonable.My wife and I have to been to Greece and really enjoyed the way Opa was based on Greek cuisine and had a modern look.
Restaurant decor: Nothing fancy, but an island bar made of stones. The lighting was perfect and made for a great mood. Music wasn't loud, but enough to enjoy. Oh..and beer garden!?
Food: Absolutely great! We tried a bunch of small plates. From saganaki to gyros sliders to keftedes, the taste was great and the portions left us perfectly pleased.
Wines: I'm not a huge wine-drinker. My best attempt at a wine IQ is 'Can I get a riesling?'...to which they had something comparable to. My wife described her palate, and they found something also.
Overall: Great wine. Great food. Great staff. Great place to go to on a nice night!Was craving for Thracian food since I am from the region. Found Opa on yelp and stopped by for dinner. That was amazing food with cool mixture of a bar/restaurant atmosphere. All foods on the pic is recommended (especially raki&tzatziki), it was a feast for me and my gf :)This was my third time at Opa and I've enjoyed it each time. This bar is easy to miss with so many other restaurants within a stone's throw away, but it's solid little spot with really good food and a variety of drinks to suit any palette. They have an outdoor bar in the back which is really cool with table games and heating for cooler nights. But it's usually much too crowded for my comfort. For Sips we chose to sit out on the sidewalk and we were permitted but only with a food purchase. That was okay, since we planned on trying some of the $5 offerings anyway. The grape leaves were fantastic and the drinks were incredibly delicious.Came here with some friends for restaurant week. 
Amazing food, very generous with the serving. The shrimp skewers, meatballs and calamari were amazing! All their dishes were wonderful. We ordered different dishes to share amongst us- you can't go wrong with anything you order. 
Our waitress was also very nice, wonderful atmosphere too.Hello Yelpers-ok so Opa-what can I say.  It's a chill little greek place, that did not require reservations at 7pm on a friday night.  Tonight me and the little lady decided to try this place out for the first time.  So.....
the menu-the appetizers were delicious-they were a good size and contained a great deal of flavor and substance.  
We did not try the main plates or entrees because the menu did not have anything that really seemed to be too appealing for us.  A couple of whole fish dishes, and some other greek favorites.  So this should not appear to be a bad reflection on the entrees-it just didn't appeal to our pallets.
Anyway, we ordered 5 appetizers, which included the lamb meatballs, sausage flatbreads, spinach croquettes, mussels, and pork ribs.  Everything was great, but we would definitely recommend the spinach croquettes and meatballs.  Deff delicious.  Everything was priced appropriately.  Drink were great too!
Anyway, I would recommend!
~~~JP
p.s. Across the street there's a dog store that has wonderful and delicious pig ears, that my little dog really loves :)The food is out of this world. The lamb shank is to die for, and the chicken (which sounds boring) is amazing. Make sure you try their spicy tequila drink - your waiter will know. If he is working, ask for ZackI was excited to try out this Greek spot in the city.  Service was friendly and courteous and the ambience is clean and hip.  They have a nice cheese board and olives, but I was a little disappointed with the Saganaki.  Where was the flair? I think they missed out on an opportunity to have something fun and exciting with this traditional dish.  Instead of plopping a plate of melted cheese down on the table, they should set it ablaze to cheers of "opa!" in front of diners.  The entrees were good, but nothing spectacular.  I might return, but I might not. I think it is best suited to apps and drinks.This is the second small party event that I have held at Opa and it was amazing!  The first party was around 20-25 people, this one was smaller (~7 people).  Communication from the staff is wonderful.  They pay close attention to detail about your party, what they'd like to eat, and how to structure the menu.  Servers are extremely attentive to the entire party and for large parties, they have multiple people to assist.
To share a bit, I have provided our menu below...
First Course:
Variety of spreads - Hummus, Tzatziki, Feta Spread
Second Course:
-Village Salad
-Saganaki
-Kalamari
-Octopus (cooked to perfection - which is hard to do!!)
-Pork Souvlakia (Skewers)
Main:
-Shrimp & Feta Bucatini
-Pastitsio
-Salmon
-Lamb Chops
-Zuchini Orzo (new dish - amazing flavor!!)
The lamb chops were a huge hit with the crowd, but overall they loved absolutely everything.  An added touch was the pre-printed menus with the selections on it.  The wait staff, general manager, and all of the employees were incredibly professional and attentive and I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a party or even a dinner for 2!  The food is fabulous, great for both vegetarians and meat eaters alike...They have really stepped up their food game over the last 6 months and I continue to be impressed!!  I will definitely becoming back.If you like Greek food and know what it should taste like, DON'T EAT HERE!! Place is a rip off, the amount of food for the price is horrible and doesn't even taste like traditional Greek food. The only thing that was Greek was a rock that said Thank you in English/Greek placed on the check. Don't eat here!!A friend of mine, who's cousins opened this modern Greek restaurant in the heart of Center City Philadelphia, took me here just a few weeks after it opened...and I'm thrilled to see how successful it has become since its opening. I'm not crazy about tapas restaurants, but the food here is truly fantastic...not to mention the wines! Service has always been very good, the waitstaff work well together and have always been professional and friendly. I highly recommend it! They tend to blast the music a little too loud after hours for my personal tastes, but you can't beat the quality of food and service here!This is right in the middle of 'Midtown Village' and close to the Convention Center, the Marriott and Lowes hotels.  It has a very active bar scene after work, but we went for dinner. Everything is shareable and good.
- The Greek salad was a good size and a good start
- Always LOVE the Saganáki! (and they give you a generous portion with pita...)  
- The Fried Zucchini (Patatákia Kolokithioú) is a visual treat and is served with Tzatziki.  Yum!
- Next, we had the slow braised lamb (Arní Stámnas) and it was also delicious.  
- Of course, we finished our meal with a Baklava, again great.
Food and service were fine (even for a crowded Friday night)
Music was loud, but most of the patrons are 20's and 30's, so.............
Great dining experience for us!I'm disappointed with the menu. We ordered the gyro and it was lack luster, tasted fatty, and came in a pair. It was not good. Sorry, I usually love this place.The ambience/decor and bar is really modern and classy. Nice place to get a drink. It was not too loud so was good for conversations . We ordered the octopus, different spreads as the small plates and the stuff pepper entree.  The food was just ok, average greek food. It was good but not amazing. There is also a cute back patio but you can't get the full menu there.  Would probably just come for drinks next time and not dinner.This was a good place.  The atmosphere was nice and the waiter was very good. Most importantly, we enjoyed the food!The bouncer here is rude, unfair and unprofessional will humiliate you when you did nothing wrong. This is not the first time this happens. Check other reviews.  **Manager never reply to my email. No apologies no nothing.  This is the email I wrote to the manager.  It's been weeks so I thought I should share this. 
I'm writing to you because I had the worst and the most humiliating experience at Opa on Friday July 15. First, I would like to tell you that I'm one of the most loyal customer there. I've been here uncountable times since the place opens.  I participated many events in the past, happy hours, sips, hosted surprised birthday party for a friend and brought over 20 people and even countdown on New Years with you.
This past Friday night I went to Opa with a guy friend. My friend happened to know two guys that sit at the bar so we sat with them. I ordered a drink and we took one shot. We started talking then they started to become rude to me. I raised my voice but it wasnt that loud because no one else looked up or even notice.  The bouncer came and asked me to keep it down.  I said sorry.  People that was around there said to me that I wasnt loud and dont know why the bouncer was giving me a hard time. I continued my conversation with two rude guys to clear things up with them before I moved on.  About 5 mins later the bouncer came back again and asked me to leave.  He said I disturbed everyone there and I have to leave now.   I told him these two guys should leave because they were rude to us and Im trying to defence myself.  The bouncer said they are his friends, they are regulars, they have right to stay and I am not. The bouncer didnt listen to what I have to say then threat to call cops.  so we left.  We are so confused why I was being treated like this. Two people happened to walk out at the same time I escorted out. They felt bad for me and saw what happened.  I did nothing wrong. I was sober. I wanted to start a night at Opa. I go out 3-4 times a week all over the city and never once have any problems. I always respect servers, bartenders etc. I always tip well since I used to work in the industry.  I felt so humiliating and embarrassing.  I don't think I want to step into Opa anytime soon.   Hopefully those two guys will no longer be your regular and have better type of people to be your regular.  As long as this bouncer guy there I will not step in and I will make sure no one I know will go here. I don't want people I care about have to go through like me.   I'm sorry I have to write about this.  I love this place. Other than this situation. I love your food, your drinks and the service.I'm a little ambivalent on tapas - you get to try more things...but you have to pay more money to get smaller portions of those things. Can't quite tell if I enjoy that. So this place is kind of like Greek tapas. I was hungry, but not starving, so my husband and I chose to get 3 things and share those (and we could have ordered more if we were still hungry). We went with an eggplant and pita appetizer - texture was good but the eggplant was a little bitter. Pita was fresh and very tasty. We also got a shrimp salad which was good - nice grilled shrimp, tomatoes, thin cheese...just a very small portion. We shared all 3 shrimp... Finally we got a gyro platter with lamb (very tender), small pieces of pita, tzatziki sauce, tomatoes, and fries. All pieces of that portion were very good. I also got a cocktail that the waitress said was like "Greek tequila." Spot-on description, but a good strawberry-flavored drink. 
Overall I would say I was full after our meal, though the total bill was a little high for drinks and a few tapas. That's the problem with tapas - two entrees at another restaurant might have actually been cheaper? The food was good though and the server was pleasant. Nice, dark ambiance as well.Me and my husband throughly enjoyed our meal here. Warm pita, fresh salad ! Service was great !1. reservation for 3 made. upon arrival, "sorry we only have 2 menus," it was a sheet of paper. really? couldn't print more?
2. cars exiting parking structure across sansom shine piercing headlights into your face
3. can you say small portions!
4. striped bass was undercooked and when told, "that doesn't look like it's undercooked" 
5. should be renamed "Opa Sporting Club"  half the clientele came in sweaty in tank-tops and gym shorts. 
6. server disappeared to hang out with gym buddies
7. lots of Ikea decor, literally... not that there's anything wrong with that, but not with those prices on the menu please.One of the best meals I have had in Philly. Hands down, excellent.
We started with the watermelon feta salad, followed by lamb and crab gyros, and finished with homemade baklava. My friends and I were so impressed with the incredible but not overdone flavors with these dishes.Highly Recommend, the best Octopus Salad in the City, Better than Estia.
Good Prices, Good Menu, Good Portions.
The Ambience and Decor were a nice addition to the Good Food.
Will definetely go back againBar scene dominates dining room. Very noisy. Good dietary choices. Decent food. Nice wait staff.Opa has gone from a bar that serves greek food to a greek restaurant that happens to have a cool bar and outdoor beer garden. A new chef came in about a year ago and revamped the restaurant menu using top notch ingredients. Now one of the top restaurants in the city. Oh and they have an awesome beer garden next door.I went for dinner once, ordered a couple appetizers. They were not memorable at all. Besides that, I have had several excellent experiences at Opa by doing the following: Stop in here with a group of 2-4, before or after a meal, and walk STRAIGHT to the back. Out back you'll find a well-decorated beer-garden with craft beers, games like Connect Four and Jenga, and a ping pong table. Crowd is mostly preppy - friendly, relatively sober, and pleasing to look at. I haven't found a more relaxing happy hour in the city yet.Sometimes they just close the men's bathrooms and then there's actually no place for men to go to the bathroom. So that's fun.Loved the tubes as I walked in. 
Decent food but very small portions. My lamb gyro was two mini cones...I was very hungry and hoping for a phattie gyro instead I was able to eat it in four bites. 
I'd recommend as a precursor to a meal. Don't go an expect to fill your belly.Went here last night and this place has been open less than a week, so I will revisit when they get the kinks worked out. My initial observations are that the decor and ambiance of the place is quite pleasing - a bit noisy, but not too bad. The layout of the tables along the back banquette needs some work because it is too crowded and awkwardly placed. Without a diagram - difficult to explain, but you can't push your chair out without bumping into the side of other diners. 
For food, we ordered the cheese pastry, souvlakis (all kinds), octopus with chickpeas, mezze (hummus and other spreads), the Greek burger, side of potatoes, a biscotti, Greek coffee, and dough balls. The only thing good worth mentioning was the octopus and chickpeas, which was really a delight. The side of potatoes was AWFUL - one of the worst things that I have been served in a restaurant - overpowered by lemon, drowned in oil, not browned - complete mush. The burger was flavorful, but not cooked medium rare as requested, fries were sub-par (oily, mushy, like they had been sitting too long), pork souvlaki was good, chicken souvlaki was pitiful, small, and overcooked. Desserts were not that exciting and way overpriced. All in all - not remarkable. 
In addition, the drinks service needed some work last night. They conveniently ran out of the delightful lower-priced wine we were enjoying and had no other options in the "not exorbitant" price range. It also took way too long to get drinks and water glasses were rarely refilled. 
We complained about the things we thought could be improved and the management comped a few things on our bill, which was a good sign. This place is about 15% more expensive than it should be and they are definitely working out some issues. I will definitely go back and I wish them luck. It would be a really cute place to grab a drink and some snacks at the bar - love the look of the place.Great spot in mid-town.  I've only gone for drinks so I cannot speak to the food.  There is a great little beer garden out back which is perfect for the weekend afternoon or an after work happy hour.  At night they have a good crowd too.   Bathrooms are clean and the staff is pretty quick to take care of you.  Good place to go out in Philly.We had such a blast we'd give Opa 10 stars if we could...
Go here with a bunch of friends, order one of everything that sounds good and pass your selections around for all to enjoy, savor and discuss.
Every item we tried was incredibly awesome. Here were some of our favorites...
Octopus, where have you ever seen this on the menu? Now I have had it at a sushi restaurant, raw, where its cold, tasteless and chewy. But this was an ample serving that was warm, flavorful and tender. We passed it around for all to taste, marvel and enjoy. Delish!
Then we had the pear appetizer which was sugarized pears on top of a cracker with feta cheese and a spread of fig jam. You only get two, and they are hard to share, so try this and get more if you liked them.
Next we tried the Melitzanosalata, which is an eggplant spread that was prepared in three samples, one a paste made from the eggplant rind, one was the eggplant middle and the last was made from both. Came with a fresh handmade pita.
We also ordered the Village salad which was a mixture of heirloom tomatoes, cucumber, kalamata olives, and barrel aged feta in a light vinegar dressing. So good we ordered two.
The lamb gyros were good, you get two, but these were a little smaller than the gyros you usually find at a Greek restaurant. My hanger steak with parsley pesto was perfectly cooked and very flavorful. The Soutzoukakia, which is pork and beef kabobs was good as well. Portions are on the light side, almost tapas sized.
To top it off, they had a fantastic selection of beers. Not a large selection, but what they had was a best in each category. Try the Southern Tier Creme Brulee stout for a delicious treat.
For desert we all shared a flakey baklava topped with real vanilla ice cream that was apparently made by the owners mother-in-law.
The decore is trendy and our server was very friendly and attentive.
Thanks for the great experience!Attended a friends birthday brunch and it was great! We felt like we had the place to ourselves, server was so attentive. Food was delicious. Will be back to try it for dinner!The bartender was very sweet. Wine was good. Chicken gyro was awesome but the meatballs looked grey and the ravioli sauce tasted funny. Overall I give the place 3 stars.Coulda been cool. No specials and bad bartenders out back at drury. I'd give it another shot thoI'm a big fan of Greek food and was looking forward to trying the newest addition to Philadelphia's collection of Greek restaurants. My birthday provided the perfect opportunity, so I headed here with a group of 7 friends on a Thursday evening. Last year's birthday dinner at Kanella was a great success, so I was hoping to recreate the experience. 
Opa was good, but did not meet my expectations. The space is small and was slightly cramped where we were seated, to the side of the bar. The decor is nice and not the classic, traditional Greek look, but still gives off a Mediterranean vibe. Service was pretty inattentive, especially as we were such a large party. It took a long time to get water and order drinks, we had to track down our waitress for refills, and food was slow to come out. The food here would need to be pretty awesome for me to forgive the mediocre service and atmosphere. 
Unfortunately, the food doesn't approach "awesome." Everything we tried was fine, but nothing was particularly exciting or innovative. The table shared several appetizers, and we definitely enjoyed these more than the entrees. The grilled octopus was a highlight and was served with a side of delicious chickpeas. The horiatiki and spinach croquettes were fine - somewhat small portions for the price (4 croquettes, a small salad), and not particularly noteworthy. I enjoyed the dips that came with the spread pikilia, especially the delicious tzatziki, but it came with much too little pita for the dips - and you are charged for extra pita (this is not explicit on the menu, but previous Yelpers had given me a heads-up). I split the Brizola (rib-eye steak) with Lauren H. We ordered it medium rare but were given a fairly well-done steak. It was OK - not particularly well-seasoned. It did come with very yummy vegetables. I don't even remember what the other members of our party ordered, which tells you how memorable everything else was.
I love Greek food and had high hopes for Opa, but it's not getting added to my regular rotation. It might be a nice place to stop in for a cocktail at the bar, but there are many better options for Greek food.**disclaimer**
I am rating Opa's off of their drury beer garden in the "backyard" of their restaurant. 
This is such a cute and quaint space which is great for bar hopping or sips in the summer time. I recently went (in the fall) and they had heated lamps along with a cute campfire that was perfect for our girls night out! It heated the night right up for us. The ambience is great with their Christmas tree lights and connect four set up on the picnic tables. There is limited seating so plan ahead if you come with a larger crowd. Their drinks were good but a tad pricy. I ordered their red cider sangria and paid $10 for a small cup. Overall, I would definitely come back again for the ambience and cozy set up!4th of July 8pm we asked for a table for 4 and were right away seated. Nice interior with a dominating bar in the middle. They are specialist in small shareable plates greek style - called Meze. The server used the name Tapas which are Spanish small plates - but also in Europe;-). Service was very friendly and fast. They have a Cava for $38 a bottle on the wine list which is nice. Cava is a sparkling wine from Spain made in the traditional method  of Champagne. A very good alternative to the French Champagne price-wise. We ordered a bunch of stuff - a Tzatziki (typical greek dip), some olives, fried artichokes, grilled asparagus, some fries, mussels, watermelon salad and a cheese board. Everything was presented nice and tasted great. My favorite were the watermelon salat (with feta) - very refreshing and the cheese board with a good selection of greek style cheese. We finished with a Baklava (with nut-almond-honey-filling) which was very sweet - how Baklavas have to be in Arab countries. Good spot would go again.Decor was beautiful in this place. It has a very young, hip, modern feel.  They also have a really nice looking bar in center and the specialty drinks sound really good.
We got the greek-ified french fires that were too salty. 
Koukla had pineapple vodka, lemon and lavender. It was very refreshing and that was the highlight. 
Antho(cucumber vodka, lemon, dill) was delicious. It was on the sweet side. 
Service was great, efficient and nice. Best thing to come here for is for their cocktails.Opa was a great experience. The Greek tapas were amazing. I did not have anything I did not like. The spanakopita was out of this world; I would come back just for that. The service was also great. I liked how the different tapas came out at different times instead of all at once. As far as convenience of getting there, there is also parking right across the street in a parking garage that is relatively inexpensive for the area. Overall, a great time!GREAT SERVICE!
opa is great for groups or individuals. I went to the outside bar for a work happy hour and went to the indoor bar with a small group to enjoy the happy hour. The bartender was fabulous and very attentive considering how busy she was... no complaints here!They changed their menu yesterday and got rid of all of their good food. I don't know why they changed everything as their menu before was okay. I used to get an appetizer sampler plate with olives, feta, hummus and pita but they don't offer that anymore. When I asked if they could whip something comparable up, considering they still had the same ingredients, they told me it was not possible. They simply refused to make me a plate of feta, olives, and pita. After having to ask 3 times they then gave me a side of feta that tasted like goat cheese (which I hate). Apparently they are changing to a more "tapas style" cuisine and recommend 3-5 dishes per person at around $7 a piece. It's insane. The portions are so small and so bland and tasteless. Plus, there are hardly any options for vegetarians. In all honesty, I will not come here again. If you're reading this, Opa, please go back to the old menu. Your restaurant will surely close down soon if you do not.I am a regular customer here, and the quality of the food explains it all!! I think I've tried "most" of the food here, and I've never had a bad time. Try to come in during weekdays cuz it's always crowded during weekends!Absurd service. We got here for our 9:00pm reservation. 30 mins later and we're still waiting. I don't care how good the food is. This is ridiculous.This was so disappointing! So first, I have to clarify this review by saying that the happy hour food was delicious and the bartender in the beer garden was really nice! Unfortunately, the inside bartender was completely rude to me and my friends and ruined our experience at Opa. In addition to not being particularly attentive (which would not have left bitter feelings), he literally snatched a beer away from me because he didn't notify me that happy hour had ended early on his clock (though still before 7pm). Unprompted rudeness in general is unappreciated... But there was no reason for him to behave so unprofessionally.
Safe to say, I will not be recommending Opa to friends or otherwise. There are enough well- qualified people out there who are friendly... Opa would benefit from hiring one of them!This review is for happy hour only.
While the prices are not the best in the city, this happy hour is well worth visiting. A ginger rum cocktail was strong and satisfying. I moved onto some rose cava which was poured by a very generous bartender.  
We ordered some snacks from the happy hour menu which were small but flavorful.  The meatballs were tender and there were three of them.  The slider was tasty but too tiny to even fit on the slider bun.  I also ordered 1 of the surf and turf skewers.  It took 45 minutes and was so sad and tiny that I felt silly having waited for it.  I don't know what I expected for a dollar so my dissapointment was probably self inflicted.
It isn't the best but it's far from the worst.  I'd go back for happy hour again.Great little trendy place for a drink or two and an appetizer! Try the zucchini chips and mini gyro their amazing!Our first restaurant week stop.  The roasted winter squash was to die for.  Salmon cooked perfectly.  The Greek "donuts" were delicious with a unique spicy banana and Nutella spread. We are coming to back to explore more!!!The food and drink is nothing outstanding. It's a solid bar and restaurant but there are better places around the city.
The mussels appetizer was good, but the service is absolutely terrible so I'm downgrading it from 4 stars to 3.Came for dinner recently and had a pretty swell experience. The service was great. Our waiter was really helpful and everything came out pretty quick. The place has a well designed atmosphere with a pretty unique layout. Everything feels very fitting and well done to this place but just a few unsuccessful menu items. 
I'd say we ordered wrong and should have gone for more of the traditional greek items. We were curious about some of the more adventurous items they had to add some creative twists to mediterranean but a lot of them fell short. I love what they were trying to do, but they can probably narrow the menu to the real star dishes. 
We were very interested to see how they did gyro with crab and got that. It was unfortunately not very favorful at all besides the spicy sauce and didn't taste fresh. We got a feta spread and added it on top which helped give it some taste. The spread was great. I do think it was an odd garnish choice to put a whole charred green onion on every pita that came out. It presented nicely, but was useless and got in the way. Also should bring more than one pita with a dip (pita was very fresh and delicious though). We tried to the wild boar ragu as well which was very tasty, but the egg noodles it came with were just a solid unflavored hardened block mostly. You can tell they know how to cook red meat so know to go for that more next visit.
We were there during sips so our drinks were probably not as good as they usually are. They were loaded with simple syrup so were too sweet and artificial tasting. We tried some of the sips apps as well which were are very tasty. The fries were surprisingly the best of what we got with a unique great seasoning. the stuffed grape leaves weren't the best I've had, but still satisfying. the chicken skewers had a really well developed sauce, but the chicken was pretty undercooked unfortunately.
I've seen their other more traditional plates and love everything else about the place, so thats why they're still getting a nice handful of stars. I would just order better than we did. I know not to fully judge the place based on going during sips. I will absolutely still be back at a less busy time and attack that fava bean hummus and octopus instead next time.Went to Opa on a Monday night and it had just finished raining. Needless to say they weren't very busy. The service was quick, friendly, and informative.
The appetizer portions are tapas style and meant to be shared so definitely order a few. We had the following apps:
Octopus - Excellent
Saganaki - Very good; Fried cheese can't be bad right?
Gyros - Good; Only 3 included and we were a party of 4 and after all it's still just a tiny gyro.
Keftedes - Excellent
The entrees were really great. We shared a special lamb shank dish with orzo and spinach (huge portion) and the house made black pasta with shrimp. Both of these were fantastic and I was surprised by how good the black pasta was.
So now there's yet another contender for good Greek food in Philadelphia and a great addition to the midtown area. 
I am allowed to write in a review of Opa that I still think Kanella is better?After hearing mixed reviews about the service we thought we would give it a try given its Center City location and outside bar option.  Let's just say...don't waste your time if you're looking for a well managed bar/restaurant.  The food was decent but the service lacked organization, good customer service and forgotten orders - not to mention the failed attempts of staff to bring small plates to our table after asking three different times.  Such a missed opportunity for a restaurant in a hot and trendy part of the city.With Center City Sips in full swing (we think, otherwise, the CC interns were out in full force), my party of 4 headed to Opa last night. The hostess could not find our reservation, but remarked she specifically remembered taking it. She nicely sat us at a table and we were so grateful! We started with the spread platter (amazing, but needs more pita), the mini gyros (cute), the octopus (I like Dmitri's better) and the men at our table shared some kind of offal appetizer, which they said was great. I had the chicken, over a bed of couscous, green beans and sundried tomatoes. It was good, (I do wish there was more chicken for the price) but the real star of the show was my cocktail. I had some lemon vodka lavender number. And then had two more....they went down so easily! For two couples to have apps, dinner and drinks, it was 200 bones. A little steep, I think, but we all agreed we loved our meal!Was here for a birthday dinner over the weekend. We ordered the fried artichokes, mussels, charcuterie board, mahi mahi and lamb gyro to share. We also had the recommended dessert which was a chocolate infused bread pudding which was really the best dish of all. Everything was very good and the atmosphere was lively around the bar. The servers and staff were nice and I'd absolutely come back.So, I dropped in here with a friend after work yesterday. Service was good. The Spread Appetizer that we got was good, as were the spinach croquettes but neither was anything I left raving about. My martini -- with rye vodka and blood orange was a little expensive and not quite as good as I had expected. Overall the experience was okay. I am glad I went but probably will not return. Too many other options to try...Food is excellent!  If Zack is your server you are in good hands. I love the fried zucchini and my fiancée loved the grilled octopus.  My only complaint would be I think the bar and tables should be a little more separated. As i went for dinner...But thats me just being knit picky. Great place for 20-30 somethings to have drinks and good food.Stopped in for a very late lunch/early dinner. Service was prompt and friendly. I had the lamb gyro and village salad. Salad was A+, Gyro was a B+. Overall I would definately visit again. The nature of the atmosphere is great when dining solo or in a group.SALTY!  If you have high blood pressure this is not the restaurant for you.  Ordered the spinach  and feta pyhllo dough  as well as the mushroom phyllo dough.  Both were extremely salty and somewhat oily.  The fava bean hummus was dry and thick.  One order came with one measly flavorless pita.  The second order had two pieces of pita.  Salad had lots of tomatoes, but no lettuce.
Service was very pleasant and decor is nice, but we're all about the food.  Would NOT return.Late night go-to for fantastic bar service if you can get a spot. Bartenders are knowledgeable and get excited to talk about Greek specialties. 
Definitely recommend!I came here Friday night and had a lot of fun! It is a restaurant-come-bar at night. But you wouldn't really be able to tell that it was a classy restaurant late at night. 
Music was top 40's stuff with a DJ. Seating if you're tired! No room for dancing..which is off since they play dance-able music. Bathrooms get decent sized lines since there are only two stalls. The place was a good amount of packed. People mostly in their mid-20's, attractive crowd ;)This place has an indoor and outdoor seating. A decent selection of beers and mix drinks. You can reserve the outdoor seating for a private party so the 2 times I went was kinda crowded. I didn't notice the food menu or I was never given one. I would just come here for a drink or a place to hang out after a mealFinally got around to tasting the food which gives Opa an additional star.  Food is Delicious, the cocktails continue to be delicious and the staff is extremely attentive. Great for a date of grabbing some drinks with friends.Saw several mice in the restaurant while finishing our meal tonight. We let our server know and he just said, "sorry about that." Ew!Aaaahh, Opa. I have some nice things to say and some not so nice things to say. Shall we start with the nice things first? 
The service was.....good.  There weren't many people there on a rainy Wednesday, so we had the server all to ourselves. He was almost enthusiastic, and very attentive. The food was.....satisfying. We started with the artery clogging Saganaki, which reminded me of a flattend pierogi served with a lemon wedge.  My friend ordered the Pastisio, and enjoyed it very much. My Bifteka dish was a little different than I had imagined. It was pretty much a burger on a bun, not a big, open faced juicy patty like I had imagined.  I nixed the bun and enjoyed it with the tzatziki sauce and the diced tomato, cucumber and onion (dubbed 'cucumber relish' on the menu). It was also cooked to a perfect medium. The menu said something about it being stuffed with feta? I'll leave that for the not so nice part.
And now to the not so nice part. Where the hell was the feta?!?! And the dried oregano on the 'oregano fries'....I could make oregano fries at a McDonalds as long as I had my jar of $.99 oregano on me!  Lower your drink prices or use less ice, Opa! You're better off ordering a beer, but if you want, splurge on the Anthos cocktail. And I just could not wrap my head around the decor. I felt like I was under water, on a patio, in a hut, in a Steven Starr restaurant, on stage (due to the blinding headlights that illuminated our table every few minutes from the cars exiting the parking garage across the street). And the background music was loungey. Like, elevator loungey. I couldn't figure out what the hell they were going for in there. Fire your designer, Opa.
All in all, sadly enough, I'd have to pass on a second trip to Opa. If you want really good Greek food, head to Kanella....they know what's up.I had an awesome lunch at Opa this afternoon with Michelle C. It was very different than the experience I had working the door at July's YEE!
The atmosphere at Opa is light, airy and welcoming. I dig the giant half-moon bar in the middle of the room, and the green and blue hues on the walls. Very calming, very "nature," very "exotic island in the Mediterranean."
Michelle and I split the trio of spreads to start. I loved every single one. The hummus was unique in flavor and texture, the tzatziki was thick and creamy, and the htipiti (roasted red pepper and feta) had just enough bite. I personally thought the dip/pita ratio was just fine. Other Yelpers do not seem to agree, but hey, everyone dips differently. There were also olives, green peppers and raw zucchini (puzzled about this one) on the plate.
I had the roasted beet salad for my entree, which was light, colorful and well-dressed in a tangy vinaigrette. I was surprised to see goat cheese on the menu in a Greek restaurant for some reason, but hey, no complaints.
The prices were great, as was the service. I'd gladly take a friend here for lunch!The frat house/ college campus bar/ canteen moonlighting as a restaurant. Awful food, drinks in plastic cups, incompetent staff, odd smell.... To be avoided.Lively bar scene with tasty drinks and decent appetizers.  Went here for sips. The calamari was good and included fried olives, which was a nice touch. The fried spinach appetizers were good too, but everything was just a bit too fried. Veal keftedes were bland and came in a tomato sauce that was not unlike something you get out of a can.  Nonetheless, great atmosphere and very tasty mixed drinks.The outside entrance is questonable but inside nice. Met up with a group of friends 2 different times to hang in the outside patio for beers. It's a fun atmosphere with games, table tennis and started they growing living walls.I've been here several times for apps/drinks and always enjoy myself.  Very cool/chill atmosphere with a very mediterranean/greek feel to it.  
After about 10PM it changes into more of a bar.  Loud music and tends to get crowded.  Drinks are delicious and strong, but expensive ($10 - 12/drinks, $8ish for beers).  I recommend the hummus plate app.
no complaints from me about coming in for drinks.  i look forward to checking out their dinner menu.Let me preface this review by saying that I have only been to Opa's outdoor beer garden so I'm not sure what it is like inside.  My friends and I had been at Happy Hour at Bru but we decided we wanted to grab some drinks before we went out dancing and Opa's happened to be right across the street and we were happy to be able to sit outside.  My experience is mostly summed up by my friend leaning over to me numerous times and saying, "isn't everyone here kind of a...d**chebag?"  Perhaps those words were a little strong due to the alcohol in her system, but I had to agree that it just wasn't my scene.  A lot of preppy guys in khaki shorts and checkered shirts and girls in barely-there dresses.  I don't like to judge, but it just sort of carried a bad vibe.  Add to this the fact that drinks were way too expensive.  The only redeeming quality is the fact that you can sit outside and there isn't a cover.  They also have games like Jenga and Connect Four for you to play which is kind of cool.  Other than that I just wasn't feeling it.Modern bar.  I came here for happy hour with some work colleagues and was pleased with the drink prices.  I had the Every Day IP.  Overall pleased.Very nice decor, with greek/Mediterranean influences. Comfy and cozy.
Waiters are very nice, but a little uncomfortable because I think they are all new. Give them sometime and they will be flying through the restaurant with confidence.
Mezedes (appetizers):
Zimi: pastries with yummy feta cheese
Fried Kalamari: not as oily as most people make it, which was awesome. I loved the fried olives.
Zucchini Chips: Perfectly made, with Tzatiki dip.
Spread Pikila: Love the Tzatiki and Tirokafteri (little spice), but I didn't really like not understand the hummus taste. I didn't hate it, but certainly didn't love it.
Gyros: 3 small little gyros, light, and very satisfying.
Pork Souvlaki: I think they would have tasted great if they were not so salty. I gave the server my constructive criticism to mention to the cook in hopes of helping you other souvlaki fans!
Large Plates:
Pastitsio: Pasta with ground sirloin was phenomenal, soft, and worth trying and coming back for.
Rabbit: very nice and tender. Tasted like a home cooked meal. Would probably not oder again.
Desert:
Loukoumades: when fried dough and nutella are involved I am SOLD. Not a fan of cinnamon and spiced banana, but since it was on the side, the people who do enjoy it can take full advantage!
Mythos beer was nice and pretty light. I enjoyed it.
Hope this helps!Went in a group of four and we each ordered two plates each and shared. The food was filling, and appetite wise we were all very satisfied. Overall the flavors were not spectacular nor were they bad either. The lamb chops were a definite highlights. I would recommend avoiding the pork and beef kebobs as they were far too salty, but lacked flavor complexity. The service was fun and fast. The decor was absolutely adorable. Went at around 5pm and was seated right away.My family and I came here for dinner and I really enjoyed it! I really liked the decor and ambience of the restaurant. Most of the dishes we had were outstanding. We had the stuffed pitas, lamb gyro, roasted potatoes, hangar steak, pastitsio and the Kathari pasta. For dessert, we had the chocolate bread pudding and baklava. The Kathari pasta was my absolute favorite. My only gripe was with the chocolate bread pudding dessert. The flavor was good, but it was so hard and dry that you needed a knife to cut through it. Also, both desserts came with ice cream but it was literally a tablespoon's worth. Don't be stingy with the ice cream, especially when it's an $8 dessert! Although service was pretty good overall, we were practically ignored during the last part of our meal once the restaurant started filling up. We got our desserts but no plates, and it is really awkward and messy to eat ice cream desserts from across the table. Ended up stealing a plate from an empty table next to us. Also, the waiter took forever to come with our bill. A solid experience and I would definitely come back.these three stars come from just the beer garden out back. while the concept and decor is pretty great, the service was slightly awful and completely helter skelter. the three bartenders didn't know who or what was coming and going. the one guy who was waiting on my friend and i had to keep asking another bartender whether or not they carried any of the stuff we were asking for. when i finally got my beer it was disgustingly warm. and then, he told me i owed extra money because there was tax. at which point another bartender stepped in to say that wasn't the case. i sadly wasn't impressed. 
however, i did love the beer pong table and wished i would have gotten a chance to play. but my friends and i left after one drink. 
i'll definitely give this place another try in the future in hopes for a better experience and i'd also really like to try out the food.Came here on a Wednesday night over the summer and conveniently they had Sips half price specials! Here's what I liked (in order of my faves at the top):
- Keftedes beef meatballs with shallots and tzatziki - everything was amazing, I wish I got a second order haha but then I wouldn't have been able to try so much lol
- Spinach Croquettes with smoky feta - who knew I could be so excited about spinach? I took a Lactaid and went to town on the melted feta because I was obsessed.
- House Cut Oregano Fries - I loved the seasoning and most definitely dipped these fries in the smoky feta I just mentioned.
I also tried the Pita Nachos, but this probably was not worth the dairy to me and the pita chips were too thick. I also was not impressed with the lamb gyro but I'd definitely recommend the above and will probably get them when I come again. :)Had the Rabbit pasta. It was bits of tasty rabbit meat mixes with creamy boring pasta. Who mixes Rabbit and Pasta? good ambiance. Can get crowded very fastI had the beet salad and I had them add grilled chicken. It was real good. The service was excellent!!! I would definitely try this place again!After being thoroughly impressed a few months prior with friends, I decided to come back for date night. Granted this was during restaurant week; however, our service was slow and poor and the food was not on point. The swordfish and lamb mains were tasty however the sides and the previous courses lacked seasoning and flavor. I teeter back-and-forth on whether I would recommend or visit this restaurant again...Came here last weekend with friends for a night out and really enjoyed ourselves. Great atmosphere with good music and drinks. Finally a little dancing (does no one really dance in Philly?!)! Would have loved to have tried their food here but we were only visiting for the weekend :(
definitely check this place out if you want a night out :)If I could give 0 stars I would. They were incredibly rude and wouldn't even seat us. There were numerous open tables but they told us that there was no room. Clearly, there was room. Both employees we talked with were dismissive and turned their noses up at us. I would never ever recommend this restaurant.Opa offers a trendy and relaxing place to dine, with great lighting and a cute bar area that sits in the middle of the restaurant.  There was even live music the night that I gave this place a try.
The food was pretty good, but nothing spectacular.  And by pretty good, I mean it's closer to okay than amazing.  Anyway, I ordered the braised rabbit which comes with a delectable sauce with olives and capers, mixed in with house-made pasta.  The sauce was excellent and the rabbit was cooked perfectly--tender, and the meat itself was not gamey at all.  I thought the pasta itself was mediocre--it should have been softer and doughier.  I guess not all home-made pastas are created equal.  All in all, a pretty good dish but nothing to write home about, especially taking into consideration the portion.  
Plates here are small folks, so if you're hungry, one plate probably won't fill you up (unless, possibly, if you get their burger?).  So that was one disappointing part of the meal--value.  
Two more minor points.  I received my dish first.  It was probably 8-10 minutes before the other dishes arrived.  So there I sat, with my food, and there my friend sat, without her food, for about 10 minutes.  There wasn't even an explanation for the delay.  Anyway, that is a restaurant no-no.  Of course, mistakes happen in the kitchen, timing's off, etc.  But when you don't apologize for it or at least acknowledge it, it seems like you (as a restaurant) don't care or are completely unaware.  Perhaps this is a bit harsh, but this is really a pet peeve of mine.  (BTW, we sat at the bar, which also provides food service, but I don't think that should be an excuse for bringing plates out 10 minutes apart.)
Other minor point is that there was a bone in the rabbit (it's clearly supposed to be a boneless dish).  
I'm probably just being nitpicky, but these things add up!  I could see myself coming here again, but actually, I went to Kanella a few weeks ago, and it had much better fare if you're looking for Greek.Great place to go for some drinks before heading out for the night!  Love the decor and the cocktails are delicious....not sure why more people don't come here.  The bartenders are great and make amazing cocktails.... they definitely take care of you!Cute, quaint, cozy bar! The cocktail menu is awesome, listed with several delicious drinks. Unfortunately the bartender was extremely rude and temperamental. He gave attitude to two people in my party and told me he could not make me a drink due to the fact he had never heard of it and "he made the whole drink menu himself". He acted more or less like a brat. After this, we moved on to a new spot!A modern looking, trendy bar with a casual atmosphere.  The bar is a chill place to grab a drink and a small snack but I don't think I would make this a dinner destination place.  If you're in the neighborhood doing a small bar tour, it is worthwhile to stop in and grab something quick.
The Mini gyro sampler was worth the trip in.  The Ribs are ok, but aren't going to be satisfying if you're in the mood for ribs or are a big meat lover.  
Personally like the Tria drink, order it with extra whiskey bitters.I've been here a few times and every time was great. Food wise I always get the grilled calamari, flaming cheese dish and Gyro. Wait staff always friendly and music is usually good. The place it's self is a bit small. So be prepared to bump elbows when walking.First off, this is for Opa, not the drury beer garden out back, which is a GREAT place to hang out.
I've been here for both drinks and dinner a couple of times. First off, for drinks, it gets a big crowd (mostly I think it's people who don't want to stand in line for Time) but it's really not built for lots of people standing around and milling. The bar is too big, the table placement is awkward, the room is small. For being a pretty tiny place though, the drink/beer selection is surprisingly decent.
As for food, I was kind of disappointed. The chorizo flatbread was pretty good, nothing spectacular, but give it points for being creative. That was the highlight. Lower-lights were the grilled octopus and calamari. The octopus itself was alright, but there were only like 7 pieces on the plate. The rest of the space was taken up by "chickpea fondue" which as far as I can tell was boiled chickpeas with a little Mediterranean spice. More octopus, less "fondue." As for the calamari, it was fried to the max, losing all the squid flavor, and soggy. At least there were more than 7 pieces though.
We were comped a couple of drinks for slow service which really wasn't all that slow, so points for being attentive to us. 
Overall, it's not a bad spot to meet friends and move on, but there's nothing special about it.My girlfriend and I wanted some light fare for dinner, so we decided to try Opa for the first time.  The space is very nice.  You walk into this refreshing wood and blue decorated locale feeling warm and at home.  For a Thursday night it was pretty empty. 
We weren't sure about the quality of the food, and once again, another small plates restaurant (which is getting annoying at this point), so we ordered just two-- the crab cake and the spinach croquettes.  The crab cake was loose, and it had a canned crab flavor.  On the plus side, there wasn't much breading (maybe that's why it was falling apart).  The spinach croquettes were executed nicely but were saltier than flavorful. I'd like to have something that draws out the flavor of the spinach rather than making it a vanishing after taste.
I think Opa's saving grace is its beer garden and happy hour. I haven't been to either, but I hear that it's very good.  
Bottom line: Two dishes were ho-hum, and it made us want to go elsewhere for a main course.  The decor is nice, and the servers friendly, but it's lacking oomph.My husband and I went to this new spot with another couple last night - one of whom is Greek. The decor is beautiful. Loved the sea-blue ceiling and stonewall bar.
The service was friendly and attentive - the staff was eager to answer any questions we had. Bar tab was reasonable, with lots of local beers.
On to the food - We ordered far too much, as all small plates are generous and encourage sharing. Spinach croquettes were lightly breaded, creamy and light with a clean spinach flavor. The smoky cheese sauce that went with was perfect. Zucchini chips seem meticulously made, but were ridiculously good. Came with some of the best tzatziki I have ever had - really addictive. Octopus was smoky and butter-soft. Came with a warm chickpea salad that had a smoky note of its own - a nice compliment. Meatballs were moist and flavorful with a hint of mint that was a nice surprise, but the tomato sauce was a little sweet for me. Mini-gyros were adorable with juicy lamb and springy grilled pitas. Calamari was crisp and light, with a generous portion, and a nice surprise of fried peppers and fried stuffed olives, but the harissa aioli left me a little flat - I expected a little more zing from harissa. IMHO they should serve the fried stuffed olives as their own thing.
I had the rabbit entree, which was delightful. Tender shredded rabbit with carrots, capers and green olives over wafer-thin home made pasta. A winner! My friends loved their chicken and feta-burger entrees. I was a little surprised there wasn't more lamb on the menu. Maybe as a special down the line...
The desserts were all great. Some of the best baklava we'd all ever had, served with a great fig ice cream. The Kormo was a revelation - sort of a less creamy Greek Tiramisu. Biscotti and brandy and chocolate pressed into a loaf. Wow. The Loukoumades were also delightful - puffy fried dumplings with a drizzle of honey, a sprinkle of walnuts and 2 luscious dipping sauces - banana, and Greek-style "nutella".
The prices were more than fair, too. I know that  this place will only get better and better, and will definitely land on our regular rotation!I have to chime in as the reviews seem quite mixed on one of my favorite places for small
plates in the city.  I love Opa.  For dinner for two or larger groups, Opa is a great option. 
The menu is concise yet varied and dishes have great depth of flavor.  I could eat the beet salad everyday.   
Although I am far from vegetarian and cringe when I read militant reviewers bashing restaurants for not catering to the Veg Set, I must note that Opa has plenty of amazing vegetarian options and I sometimes find myself with a strictly vegetarian order.  
Don't miss: Beet Salad or Lemon Potatoes
Skip: Pork skewers (they can sometimes be terribly salty)I was very saddened by this place. The food was OK, but not really worth the price, the service was super terrible, and it took forever to get our food (we were there for almost 2 hours and didn't even get dessert!!).
Also, we had reservations and called ahead because we were running 10 minutes late and just wanted to be courteous, and the lady said that she didn't think they could accommodate us if we were going to be 10 minutes late but we could try anyway. We get there 10 minutes late, and the table that they had reserved for us wasn't ready. You have to be kidding!! May I mention that when we got there they had about half of the tables at the restaurant open? 
The only thing that saves this from getting a 1 star is that the food was good. Fries were too salty, but the entrees and appetizer (hummus) were really good.a review JUST for cocktails at the bar!!! we decided the modern bar at this restaurant was the perfect destination as we waited for at table at Barbuzzo around the corner
---Xinouli: a Greek style margarita, YUM.. so refreshing.. i love all drinks similar to margaritas
---Mouro: again the boyfriend loves that bourbon but i am not a fan
people across the bar were ordering tapas which looked like they'd pair nicely with some more cocktails, but sadly we could not stay!Made a reservation for dinner on a Saturday night thinking that I'd avoid the wait-time hanger (anger induced by hunger)... but even WITH a reservation ended up waiting for a good 50 minutes... Table for two with a reservation-- 50 minute wait?  A bit much.
The hostess clearly felt bad for the wait and comped our first round of drinks-- but that doesn't really clear up the first bad impression!  The food itself was OK-- not bad just wasn't blown away by anything. I did enjoy the veg pasta dish which came out piping hot-- but the ribs and meatballs were underwhelming.  Overall, probably not worth the 50 minute wait.I loved the food here! Pita and hummus was amazing and my meal was great too. It was a squash dish, it didn't seem particularly Mediterranean but it was delicious. Service was also really good.
Ambiance is okay. It was a little bit dark for me, and the tables are close together. A guy at a neighboring table scooted his chair back to stand up and knocked a drink out of our server's hand. It wasn't anyone's fault but just a product of tight quarters. This was my only complaint! Would definitely come back.I'll be as fair as I can be.
My friends and I went to Opa on a Friday at 5pm for the happy hour menu.  One of my friends is not an easy-to-deal-with customer.  She's demanding and very critical.  So I know that overall and all things considered, we weren't the best customers.  The place allowed us to have out happy hour outside of its designated area.  That was a very good thing from the restaurant since they didn't have to do that for use, particularly since my friend was being obnoxiously demanding.
The server was very professional, though she came across a little fake ("It's fun to serve happy hour outside the area." Really?, Fun? Whatever). Anyway, she did put up with my friend and kept her cool, even thought I could feel her aggravation with us.  So I believe she was extremely professional dealing with us.  I made sure that at least I tipped her well.
The main issue was the poor quality and time it took to get the food.  The food was insanely overpriced for what we got, one of my fries wasn't cooked, and it took forever to get our food (maybe this is something that restaurants do to 'difficult customers', who knows?).  I asked for a Lager beer and I got the dark instead, and they sent one too many of the appetizers we ordered. The drinks were served sporadically, so by the time I got my (actually not-too-cold and wrong kind of) beer, some of my friends were already done with their drinks.
The decor of the place is very nice and the atmosphere felt good.  But overall, the experience wasn't that great.  Not sure I would have had a better experience had my obnoxious friend wasn't with us.He ordered a beer.  I ordered an ouzo on the rocks.  Good pour.  Decent.  2 avgolemeno soups.  Yeah, don't screw with a classic.  Even tho the description said egg & lemon soup.  Too much yogurt & herbs.  We poured the grilled lemon into it and salt and pepper.  BTW, keep it real.  No grillin da lemons!  Give ya credit for the amount of chicken and mixing up the rice with quinoa...or whatever that was.  Had the octopus.  Very tender, nice almond/walnut skordalia.  Smelts...good.  Need to be fried in a higher temp oil and seasoned with a bit of salt #duh...watch the food network for two seconds.  Decent dipping sauce.  Dolmades were terrible.  Waay too much barely cooked garlic.  Dolmades were dry as hell.  Again, get some of the classics down (they are a classic comfort food).  Keep em' small if you want to cater to the "healthier" crowd.  SOOOOOO, I wanted to give you a second chance.  Sat at the bar, again, a lovely server.  Ordered the spanikopta.  #theworstspanieverhad!  bitter cheese, hardly any spinach, wrapped up big ass pie, on top of that gawd awful yogurt sauce.   What's up with the concept of "homade phyllo"  It was heavy as hell.  Here's a recipie.  Use it.  You will be a super hero.  Filling: spinach (frozen - yeah I said it)  Squeezed dry.  Add eggs, butter (yeah said that too lol), thinly sliced scallions, good, creamy feta, dill, S&P....good amount of pepper, mix it all up.  BUY frigging frozen phyllo WAAAYYY bettah!  Wrap the filling in small "football" shape (the size ya used to play football on your desk in middle school lol).  Man, certain things ya gotta keep real.........Randomly went after an event in the city with friends.  Food was over cooked and very salty.  There is much better Greek in the city!  Server never asked how our food was, and when we sent full plates back to the kitchen, she never asked why.  Ordered a dirty martini at the bar.  The bar tender used his hands to select and skewer olives as well as break up an olive to put in the shaker.  I love my martinis - hold the fingers!
Overall bad food, bad service.  Skip this recent addition to Philadelphia.My first time here during Restaurant Week and I really enjoyed the food.  Was in fairly late on weeknight so the crowd had died down. 
The space is small but roomy enough with tables for larger groups in the back. They also have a nice size bar in the middle of the restaurant. 
The plates for restaurant week were small but you get to choose two from the categories which is nice for sampling different dishes. 
The Brussel sprouts, apple dakos, and spinach croquettes were good first choices. The butternut squash pita had great flavor. Dessert was tasty too. 
Overall a good dining experience.With so many great options for excellent Greek food in the city now, this was deeply disappointing.  Super small portions, even if they are small plates designed to share.  The Spanakopita was burnt black on the top.  Hard to imagine any kitchen feeling good about sending that out to the table.  There was more dough filling than spinach and feta, which I assume was phyllo, but it was so thick and chewy, hard to tell.  Roasted eggplant dip was tasty, but so poorly pureed that it remained chunky and stringy, thus difficult to spread on the 1/2 piece of pita provided.  Have never been to a Greek restaurant that is not generous with a stack of pita to soak up every bit of dip and sauce...until now.
Service was friendly and attentive, but then we were the only table in for lunch.  Would not go backA nice atmosphere, with solid vibes.  I'd really want to give this place a 3.5 stars, but I had a good experience- so I bumped it to a 4.  The food, eh? drinks, ok?  I just felt that this was just a nice neighborhood hangout, but nothing to rant and rave about.Decided to stop by for a couple drinks...the drinks were going great until I saw the mouse running around the restaurant. I alerted the bartender who shrugged and commented "well, you're always going to have one running around." Really?! Cuz I go to a lot of bars and restaurants and I've never seen a mouse running around....done with this place.This place was fine.  Nice environment overall, but we did have a noisy group of belligerent undergrads who had a bit to much for it only being 7pm.  Clearly, this isn't the restaurants fault, but, it impacted the experience none the less.  We ordered 6 plates, 2 were good, 2 were okay, 2 were disappointing.   The pork skewers and fries were my favorite.  The lamb gyro was a disappointment.  Meat was dry and gamey.  Staff was nice, very attentive.  Came back to check into us at all of the appropriate times without overdoing it.  I'd actually rate their physical space and serving staff with high marks.  Quality of the food, for the price, brings them down.  No plans to return for dinner again.  Nice option for the bar and a few small plates.What a great place to go!
Our waiter was fabulous.  Very attentive without being pushy.  The menu is great!  We ordered rounds of tapas and it was a great way to say and chat and drink the night away.  My favorite dish on the main menu was the fig dokus - toast point with whipped goat cheese, roAsted fig, honey and watercress - I wanted to eat 12 pieces.   For dessert, we had the baklava and that was a meaty slice of heaven topped with honey ice cream.  
Go now !!!Last night, the wife, my brother, sister-inlaw and myself ventured out on a double date for Valentines Day to OPA.  I made reservations the night before and they were very accomadating by changing our reservation from 2 people to 4 people on Valentines day.  
We were treated to the Valentines menu, whih consisted of some great choices.  The ambience was great with contempory decor and candle lit tables.  We started off with some drinks, we tried the "kafteros" which consisted of tequila, long hots, yes....long hots and agave nectar.  We also tried the XINOULI - greek style margarita.  Both drinks were great, they packed a punch, especially the Kafteros which was spicy...just how i like it.
We decided to mix and match our choices off the 4 course menu, so we could all try some of each of the items they had on the menu.
For starters we had the following:  I will rate them out of 10
STRAWBERRY AND FETA SALAD  (7)
BEET SALAD (9) 
ROASTED WINTER SQUASH SOUP (8)
2nd Course:
PAN FRIED OYSTERS (10)
MUSSELS (9)
YOGURT BASED FLATBREAD (6)
GRILLED OCTOPUS (10)
3rd Course:
BEEF TENDERLOIN (8)
SEARED SCALLOPS (9)
LAMB CHOPS (9)
CHICKEN (6)
Dessert:
CHOCOLATE LOUKOUMADES (6)
BAKLAVA (7)
Overall, this place was great, the only reason I would give it a 4 out of 5 was I would reccomend, that the waiter would be more versed in the preparation and content of each dish, and the wait time for each course was a little longer then expected.  But, we had an amazing time and will definately be back.My husband and I were looking for an easy place to relax for an after work drink and Opa's Drury Beer Garden had been talked about by more than a few of our friends. We made the trek over to 13th street, entered through Opa's restaurant entrance, through the available seated tables and back onto the deck - and there it was - right in the middle of our midtown village, an urban oasis of fun games, cheap drinks, and welcoming bartenders who seemed all too eager to keep our spiked iced teas coming one after another. Awesome! Our original plan that night was to bar hop a little bit, but after discovering the Jenga games and ping pong table, we just didn't want to leave. They stock a number of really good beers by the bottle, but the real draw is their spiked tea, lemonade, and punch. Key Suggestion: Ask them to mix the tea and lemonade (2/3 tea and 1/3 lemonade) for an Spiked Arnold Palmer - quite good. Towards the end of the night, we realized that we had been talking and laughing for hours, but had totally skipped dinner! We checked out the chalk board menu, saw chicken tenders and Gyros and ordered both to go. It wasn't until we got home with our food that we discovered that the Opa kitchen is yet another great reason to come here - these relatively common bar food items are extremely well executed and I absolutely will be back for some of the best chicken tenders in the city (really good).  We had heard good things about the pork belly gyro, but they were unfortunately sold out for the night - no worries - just another reason to check back to one of our new favorite midtown village hangouts. 
Bottom Line: Try this place - you won't be disappointed - its fun, its relaxing, the service is good, the drinks are better, and the food is a perfect compliment. Solid.Nothing special about this place, but not a bad stop for happy hour.
Bartender was nice. $2 tiny sliders (pretty yummy nothing special) $3 dogfish head 60 minute IPAs and me and my 1 friend were the only ppl there on a Tuesday afternoonGood service. Nice ambiance. Octopus appetizer is required eating.Never really noticed the entrance to this place, but saw it on yelp cocktail week and thought we'd try it out. They had the Antho for $5 and it just sounded cool. It's a cucumber vodka with a dash of lemon and a dill thrown in. Sooooo refreshing and delicious. They're also deadly because you'll down 5 then feel it. Probably more for others, since I'm a lightweight.
The decor is cool and contemporary greek, if that makes sense. colors are definitely very vibrant. I got the sea bass, which was juicy and pretty good. I wish it was seared a little more for the crispiness. 
Mythos, a greek lager, was also good. Be sure to get these drinks when you're there.Was able to get a table on a Saturday night, not common in around that area even for average joints. I had done some work for the owners so was curious to see the whole place in action. Decor turned out stunning.
We had $10 wines which were fantastic, could have had a few more $8 wines choices. We had the Octopus with chick peas, 2 items hard to do much with but we loved both. Chick peas were served with a subtle tomato sauce and the octopus was braised in something to give it another layer of flavor. You have to get the humus pita board, comes with 3 dipping sauces, but the humus was all they needed to serve, I am still craving it. We also had the Spinach croquettes which came with  a cheese sauce which was superb. My wife, (Vegetarian) had the okra / zucchini dish and gave it a thumbs up.
Overall the service was great, and the prices seem on. 
We didn't even do the bar drinks, will return for that another night.A friend and I ended up at Opa on a busy Saturday evening. We did not have a reservation and the hostess advised us that no tables would be available but that we could sit at the bar. My friend has trouble sitting on stools and so we left; however, we returned a few minutes later because all places we tried were busy and she said she would try to deal with the stool. 
A gentleman was at the welcome area and he actually accommodated us with a table, warning us that it was in a strange location because it was in the path of waitresses and patrons. At least he tried to help us by finding us seating and we were appreciative. 
The waitress was very nice but, once she took our order and brought our drinks, she disappeared. Others brought us food and cleared dishes as we ate. I was ready for a second glass of wine for quite some time but no waitress. My friend needed more water but no waitress. We were done eating and - you guessed it - still no waitress. We finally were able to flag her down because I really needed that wine plus some coffee and my friend wanted water and dessert. 
The food was good but not as good as many other Greek restaurants. The standard salad of cucumbers, tomatoes, peppers, onions, olives, and feta was really light on the feta - only three little cubes - and on the vinegar in the dressing. I've never had a Greek salad that was so unbalanced. We also had the saganaki, which was good but to which some sweet preserves were added (and not needed), the octopus meatballs, which were a bit bland, and the Greek pizza, which was good.  The baklava was delicious, though. 
All in all, it was a mediocre experience. If you're ok with just ok food and service, then Opa fits the bill.It was good food. Service could have been better. Loved their caramelized pears salad.Great food and wonderful service
We stopped there for happy hour on a weekday (they have happy hour between 5 and 7.) We were pleasantly surprised at the wonderful quality of the food. We ordered almost everything on the happy hour menu. Everything was a wow experience. The calamari was very tender, the octopus meatballs delicious, and the cheese, egg and lamb bacon pie to die for.
Sit at the bar if you can. Menas  (spelling?) is an wonderful bartender.Awful. Good luck getting a drink within ten minutes without an attitude from the bartenders.This is a quiet spot for lunch in downtown Philadelphia. I've never been here with a crowd (which is a shame), but the food is impeccable. Really love the evolving menu, and I found the food to be spot on. Drinks were tasty too. But the real story here is the service. Our waiter was awesome. My colleague is a difficult customer, and the waiter easily appeased her and gave us an awesome experience. Truly terrific restaurant.Craving Greek on Mother's Day. Very very delicious. Had the dolmades, fava hummus, spanakopita, spring peas and Greek cheese whose name I cannot remember - fantastic. Perfectly balanced. Whole fish and chicken - really good. Smelts were excellent. Perfect, really. Lightly breaded and fried. Lovely. 
Service was great. We were loudly teasing my youngest son and he commiserated. He was great. Thank you.
Cannot wait to return. Excellent.At there on valentines day and just now getting around to writing review.  Everything about it was great.   Small place, so very intimate.   Trendy atmosphere.  Service was great.  the waitress was very helpful and knowleadage, and suggested some good wine and knew about all the good.  all  the food was excellent, and the service perfectly paced.   I had the rabbit stew...first time with rabbit.  very nice!Loved the food. Didn't realize this place had good food because I always thought of it as a bar. Was pretty empty around dinner time even on a Friday. Enjoyable, quick and delicious food.This place rules. Chef Bobby is among the best. The food is way more dignified and daring than anything I would ever make at home, but somehow it still has a homey and authentic flavor. Top level stuff, here.
If you go, drink wine, all their wines are lovely. 
Also if you go, get dessert. The halva is light and unforgettable...the work of a magician.This is only based on night life. I have been here while going out on weekends. They have a backyard outside area, and the inside restaurant area. It is nice to have both "scene" options. The inside restaurant area has music, but so small and cramped that dancing room is definitely a no-go.Cute place for a nice casual dinner. I came here with friends from out of country. The pork ribs were delicious and the service was really nice with Jessie. Good to have a conversation without the really loud noise.Service is on point. Food came out fast and reasonably priced. Fresh and high quality. Wine is good but semi high priced. Awesome vibe. Smaller, intimate environment that attracts an after work crowd. Will be back!Went there with a group of friends after a Philadelphia Orchestra concert, so we were there around 10:40. The music was obnoxiously loud, there was no hostess at the door and all the tables that were available haven't been cleaned after the previous clients. After about 10 min. we got a hold of the hostess who told us we can sit anywhere after they clean the tables and that the kitchen is open till 11:00. We found a table and sat down. No one gave us menus. After 15 more minutes with no service whatsoever we found a waitress that told us that the kitchen is close and we can order apps and drinks from the bar. After such a horrible initial impression we just decided to leave.Had a very negative experience at the opa beer garden last night. I went there with a bunch of friends. While ordering at the bar, the bartender kept completely ignoring us. He served atleast 10 people who came in line after us and only asked us for drinks after the entire bar was empty. This was during the early evening and the place was not even busy. Will not be coming here again!I went to Opa with a friend for drinks and light food. Having spent time in Greece, I was looking forward to my favorite dishes done one better by a trendy restaurant. The food was very good, but I am surprised that other reviewers thought it was good value. I found it slightly overpriced for being just very good standard Greek dishes. There wasn't much innovation in any of them. 
The cocktails were good as well, but on the small side for the price. They didn't come close to filling the martini glasses in which they were served. I hope  Opa institutes a happy hour sometime soon, which would make me come back. I have no serious complaints about the food or drinks, just that both felt a bit chintzy for what we paid. 
Also, by the time we left ca. 7:30, the music and conversation level were so high that we could barely hear each other talk. This might be an acoustic problem, but I think the music was just turned up too loud. It felt like a European disco, but not in a good way! If you're looking for conversation with friends, I'd try to go on the very early end of the evening.Highly recommend this place for drinks and light eating tapas. The small sharing plates makes this place ideal for a date, especially if you want a little more adventurous eating. We got the lamb gyro, butternut squash pita, and village salad. All I highly recommend. We also had the dolmades, which were okay. I come from Greek decent so I am a tough critic when it comes to Greek food, which is why this place isn't 5 stars in my book. The service was superb and the decorations are beautiful with hanging lights and candlelit atmosphere.Good small plates. Charred eggplant spread, grilled salmon, grilled octopus, fried cheese were favorites.This place is fantastic! Seeing as I spent 4 months in Greece, I have high expectations of any place that promotes authentic Greek food, and I was not disappointed. 
For starters I had the Retsina, which immediately took me right back to my first glass in Athens. Not many can stand Retsina, as it has a very distinct taste, but for $8.5, I will definitely be coming back! My friend and I then had Saganaki for the appetizer. It resembled the saganaki my friend had made in our apartment one drunken night, but it tasted way better. Delicious but not that aesthetically pleasing. 
For the main course we decided to share the lamb. We definitely weren't expecting to be such a large serving. The bone was huge! The food was scrumptious. I felt like I was eating at a Taverna in Greece. So so so good! The lamb came with spinach and orzo. A fantastic overall combination. We were so stuffed trying to eat it all, but we just had to get dessert. 
For dessert we had the loukoumades and the ice cream. It was definitely the perfect way to polish off a meal. Perfect blend of sweet and salty. All and all, we each paid $40 for all of that, which was a good deal to me.  
The decor is reminiscent of the Greek islands, with the whites and blues. I loved the cutout for the lanterns. And the Greek music was a nice touch. 
This place is fantastic. I will definitely be coming back and I have already told my friends that I will be bringing them back. I'm hoping that they'll have this place open late at night during the spring and summer. I'd love a place to hang out that reminds me of the bars/lounges of Gazi.We went to Opa last Sunday night and we had a really nice dinner. Opa is just off the 13th street transformation on Samson. The restaurant is very beautiful inside and does a great take on chic, industrial Greek. On the Sunday night we dined there, the restaurant was not very crowded so the noise level was quiet.
We had Grilled Octopus, Beet Salad-Batzarosaláta, Shrimp Pasta-Hilopítes Me Garídes, Gýros-Gýros Arní and the Whole Fish. The Octopus was very good and came with some vegetables.  I think Estia and Barbuzzo do this dish a little better, but it was still quite good and tender. The Beet Salad was very good and large enough to share with 2 people. The Shrimp Pasta was excellent with a very tasty sauce and we also really liked the Lamb Gyro. The meat was tender and it had just the right amount of tzatziki sauce. We ordered the whole fish, which was a grilled Bronzino. This was another excellent dish and the fish was light and moist and had that nice grilled taste. For dessert we had the Baklava with Fig Ice Cream. We were able to share this with 3 people.
The prices are fairly reasonable at Opo. Dishes ranged in the $9.00 to $14.00 range for the most part. The Bronzino was $29.00 but that was market price and typical. We really liked our dinner at Opa and our server Jesse was great and also very attentive. We will be back.Went here last night for the first time and can't wait to go back!  My friend and I ordered three apps:  Hummus (comes with hummus, tzatziki, some goat cheese amazingness, pita and veggies), zucchini chips (also with tzatziki) and watermelon nectarine salad (with feta and onions).  
We loved the tzatziki and I will be honest, I usually loathe this.  Yogurt and dill and cucumbers?  But it is the best I have ever had!  
The zucchini chips were perfect!  Lightly fried, the perfect amount of fry-to-zucchini ratio and of course, more tzatziki!
The watermelon nectarine salad was fresh and light which went really well with our other choices.  
My friend had the cava and I had the zoukla (misspelled), which is a pineapple drink and we enjoyed both of those too.  
The waiter was well informed, very attentive and very helpful at all points in the evening.  Like i said, can't wait to return!Double charged drinks. Cash and card. Not coming backI came here to celebrate a friends birthday dinner. Opa has a great atmosphere and the pita bread and dip is exceptional. But as a vegetarian, the choices were very very limited and nothing too special. I ended up ordering the spanakopita which was tasty but too heavy and did not have the usual flakiness. 
Overall, overpriced restaurant that is not as vegetarian friendly as most Mediterranean places. Recommended if you are looking for a good atmosphere to catch up over drinks.Went for a Friday happy hour, it was fairly empty when we came in at 5. Ordered a range of drinks and appetizers. The happy hour gyros are very, very tiny. No more than two polite bites. 
The koukla drink is absolutely delicious and comes with a chunk of dried pineapple. I would be willing to go back to this bar just for the drink. 
Despite being fairly empty, the bartender got two of the bills completely wrong.Some friends and I went to opa last night for dinner and it was so yummy! We had the roasted garlic spread, olives, calamari, fig and goat cheese bread, spanakopita, skate, and grilled octopus. Portions aren't huge but it more than enough for us to share. Everything was fantastic! Service was great and the manager (who's super hot btw) checked in on us more than once which was nice. It would be nice if they updated their bathrooms but otherwise it was definitely 5 stars. I'm dying to go back again soon!!Service was impeccable- Very attentive without being overbearing.
Also, this is some of the best display of traditional Greek food that I've found in Philly. Highly recommend the cheese plate and grilled octopus appetizer.  The wine list offers a nice variety of whites and wines with a focus on Greek wines (for a nice change).  Certainly give Opa a try.I love coming here for dinner because it's easy to get a table without a reservation (unusual for the 13th Street region) and the food is top notch. Ordered the drink with the tequila/agave nectar and long hots (can't recall the name), and it was delicious (and strong). Shared the sampler platter, which had very good dips and plenty of dipping vessels (veggies, pita, olives). And the waiter gave us a free shot at the end!Came here for dinner and drinks with a few friends and it was packed! I absolutely adored the decor and the coziness of the place but wasn't wow'd by the food. The portions were huge, even for apps, which we weren't expecting and we def over ordered. We all agreed that the drinks were magnificent and actually reasonably priced. I'll go back for the drinks and maybe share an app now that i know how big they are.Went here for happy hour this weekend. Wanted to sit outside but you had to be dining from the full menu and it did not include happy hour menu or prices. Were then going to go out back to beer garden but was told they only serve hamburgers and such out there and there is not the happy hour menu just drink specials so we decided to sit at the bar so we could get the happy hour food and drinks. Food was ok. Got greek fries and feta dip. Both were just ok... maybe the dinner menu is better. Ok place but left nothing worth returning for me.This review is for the backyard "beer garden" if you wanna call it that
 Place is a great hidden gem in center city. Hesitant to even report how good it is for fear that it will become too well known and crowded. Nothing too swanky but a nice chill place to hang out on a nice night playing pingpong drinking off their decent craft beer list.
-Ping Pong table. 
-They used to have corn-hole, hopefully they will bring that back out at some point.
-Good amount of big tables with Jenga floating around a lot of them.
-GREAT canned beer selection
-Good music, but played at a very low volume and turned off early, assume because of the apartment buildings that overlook the area.
-AWESOME female bartender
-Heat lamps for cooler nights, prob wont need them once summer kicks in but great for spring and fall.... we've also gone here on mild winter nights as well !Cocktails were spectacular! We waited for about 15mins before anyone came to our table. Chicken was dry and don't even think about desserts! We had the creme brulee (or that's what they called it on the menu), the custard was more of a pudding and the carmelized sugar was hard and too thick. In addition, the fig ice cream was basically vanilla ice cream. If I ordered vanilla, I would've been satisfied but it was fig, so I expected for it to taste like figs! Overall, the service was good but the food could've been executed much better!Went for lunch.  Zucchini was really greasy.  Steak was good.  Lamb was dry.  Service was fine, very attentive, but I've had much better Greek, and there's tons of choices in that area for good food.Waitstaff were friendly I'll give them that.  My food arrived just at luke warm and very under seasoned. I sent it back and just opted to have dessert... Another disappointment ... The pear ice cream was poorly executedI turned up going to Opa with a couple of colleagues and the food definitely did not disappoint. The restaurant serves their food in tapas style so you do have to order a couple of plates and they encourage you to share with others at your table. We got some of their tzatziki and spicy feta spreads with pita bread, calamari, lamb gyros, fig dakos, and their pastisio which was like lasagna. All the food was delicious. My favorite was definitely the fig dakos. The goat cheese and the fig went well together and made for a wonderful explosion of flavor when I bit into it.
As for the drinks, I got the Xinouli, a Greek style margarita with tequila, veev, honey, and cava rose. Being that it was my first time drinking alcohol in a very long time, I probably should have chosen something a little smoother but the drink itself was good. They also have a variety of cocktails, wines, and beers.
The ambience was wonderful, very trendy and everyone around us seemed to be having a good time. Since we went on a Saturday night, the restaurant was having a party type of event in the back terrace. They had music, a bar, and seating. It was packed!
I'd definitely visit Opa again!I was here for the first time about a month ago and was pretty impressed! I got the strawberry mojito which was very tasty and refreshing. We got the Saganaki for an appetizer which was recommended by the bartender and it was an excellent choice. Melted cheese with an apricots compote on top served with fresh pita. Very delicious! The bartender was extremely friendly, helpful, and very accommodating as well! I will be back here again in the future!I am a huge fan of the Dury Beer Garden at Opa.  It is on the small side but it has a drinking in the streets type feel to it which is always cool.  Liked the beer selection as well.  The bar inside Opa is also cool with it square roundness.  Tired the mussel they were also very good.I really enjoyed Opa.  I think the food is really good quality Greek food.  I had the pastitsio and also had the Keftedes.  The service was good and great selection of cocktails and also beer.  I would suggest the zucchini chips.  The restaurant is located in what I am told is called 13th Street Corridor.  After dinner there are numerous places to go for a beer and even a gelato stand close by.  I would recommend Opa!We loved the ambiance and the food.  Our favorite was the Spanakopita and tzatziki. The baklava looked delicious, but we were too full to try it.  The best part of all, were the reasonable prices!Impressive restaurant. First of all, the staff accommodated our rather large party--fourteen people! Food was ordered, organized, and delivered in a timely way. One of my appetizers was even set aflame at the table.
The menu is ambitious and simple, borrowing seriously from Greek cuisine and adding other Mediterranean flair was needed. 
My saganaki (kaseri cheese, metaxa, apricot and date compot) was divine and it was the one that was flambeed. The avgolemono soup was both rich and light. The chicken, which may have been simmering for hours, was tender and perfect. Delightful meal.
The pumpkin pie concluded the affair and it was deeply satisfying. Great crust, rich filling, and came with anover-the-top pile of ganache. 
And one more thing: their grilled cheese is the best I've had in town! Dan and Ashton were great hosts and servers. Need to visit for dinner for a full review and a possible five-star rating (rare for me).A trendy, candlelit place that's great for a Friday night out, either with a date or with friends. 
We got the mussels appetizer after the server recommended it to us--which was loaded with flavor. My only complaint was that there was not enough pita bread for dipping in the broth after the mussels were done. 
My friend and I split the special of the evening, the beef tenderloin, which came with greens and roasted potatoes. The potatoes were our favorite part of the dish, as they were lightly crisped and seasoned well. 
Dessert was the loukoumades, which were greek beignets with honey cinnamon drizzle, walnuts, and spiced banana. A tad on the sweet side, but good nonetheless. It went well with our cocktails, which were on the strong side. I tried the koukla, which was pineapple vodka, lemon, and lavender. Our server said it was the most popular drink on the menu, and it certainly did not disappoint.
This place is yuppie central, perhaps due to the outdoor beer garden in the back of the restaurant. It's great for post-dinner drinks, and is rife with cool games, chairs, and lights strung across the yard. Music is loud and trendy--perfect mix for a good night out.The boyfriend took me out to Opa on Friday night for our 'date night'.  As soon as I walked in and saw how swanky and cool the decor was, I thought we were doomed!  Typically the dingy greek places are the best... but boy was I in for a treat!
They were out of my preferred beer- the Saison, so that was a bummer, but I landed on a nice brew that was pretty tasty.
Rather than commit to entrees, we opted to split lots of appetizers so we could taste lots of different things.  I'm the token PITA vegetarian, and he very much likes meat so there was a bit of compromise (on his behalf) that happened.  We ended up with the mussles, the spinach coquettes, the Spread Pikilia, and the Beet Salad.
The Spread Pikilia came out first, and it was tough to decide, of the 4 dips, which one was the best.  I loved that they brought out veggies and olives and pickles in addition to the pita bread.  We dug in big time.  The pickles were really vinegary, but they were tasty!  The babaganoush was a bit sweet which made it my least favorite of the 4 dips after lots of sampling.  We ran out of Pita and the server was happy to bring us more.
Next came the mussles, which I don't eat... but my boyfriend was blown away.  He enjoyed every single one of those bad boys... and the sauce and the bread it came with.  The smell of the sauce was heavenly.  I almost ate one.  
Next came the beet salad.  This was good, but similar to the pickle, it was really pickled... REALLY pickled.  It almost hurt my mouth to eat.  We both agreed that this was the dish that we could have done without.  It wasn't bad in any facet, but of the stuff we had, this wasn't the high point.
Finally, the Spinach Coquettes came out.  I have been dreaming of these since.  They were chock full of spinach, with cheezy undertones, lightly fried, in this amazing smokey creamy sauce that was just a total game changer.  I gave one to my boyfriend, and tried to save him a 2nd one... but only managed to save him 1/2 of a 2nd one... because... well... i ate it...
All in all, Opa was reasonably priced, the decor was awesome, the service was quick, thorough, and gracious, the food was delicious etc.  I also have heard rave reviews about the courtyard out back.  We had planned to check it out, but we were full and sleepy after dinner.  The good news is now we have a reason to come back (and get those Spinach Coquettes!).hope to see you saturday night before all the sharp loking youngsters ge thereThis is the third time I have gone to Opa and was still impressed.  Not only are the specialty cocktails amazing (Mouro, bourbon and berries) but the food is great as well.  Both the individual that I dined with and myself have food allergies, the server was very helpful and recommended what met our dietary needs.In town to see Pope Francis.  Fabulous meal and wonderful service from Richard!  I'll come back to Philly and eat here again.This restaurant literally stole my money. The bill was $54.62. I paid with a hundred dollar bill. I received $45 in change. Where's my ¢38? I felt embarrassed to bring it up. I don't really care about the ¢38, but are they allowed to keep it? I asked one waiter and he said that they do that as a matter of course. If they do this to everyone, how much does that add up to in the course of a week? I certainly will never go there again and am considering filing a complaint with the state Attorney General.I love going to a new restaurant the first week of its opening. I believe that you can get a good sense of how well it will do instantly. My observation is that Opa is here to stay. From the moment we entered we felt welcomed and it was so nice to see the owners greeting guests and telling stories of the items they have selected for the menu.
A few of our favorite dishes of the evening included the roasted beet salad which my friend Colleen insists it was one of the best she has had, the Bifteki took the prize as the best burger Keith has had in quite some time and of course the striped bass which I savored every bite of. If you like cheese you have to try the Saganaki which melts in your mouth. The Opa martini was delicious and I believe it will be my favorite drink of the summer.
Overall you get the sense of pride and love that was put into Opa. I am excited to go back and try the other dishes.Great ambiance, and food exceeded my expectations.  We were waiting for another reservation and decided to just eat here.  Gyro was awesome and fries were super!  Standout service by Jesse!Authentic Greek food :D   (that's what my Greek friend said)
Really knowledgeable staff, delicious food, and great price for the high quality. Also, exceptional summer cocktails.Ambience was very cool but the food just ok.Went on Friday night and had the tasting menu with the wine pairings. We were totally blown away! Each course was multiple plates and included a salad, cheese plate, asparagus toast, crabcake gyro, clam pasta, roasted chicken, swordfish slouvakia, and a platter of delicious desserts! The wine pairings went really well with each course, although the dessert wine was too sweet for me. Great food and the tasting is totally worth the money!While our meal was good I have to give Opa a very poor review because of their door security staff. At the end of our meal ,we went out to smoke and the security wouldn't let us back in despite us saying we had just eaten a meal. We should have just left but didn't want to leave our friends inside and stiff the waiter. The manager, unfortunately, didn't seem to understand why we were upset and didn't do anything at first to rectify the situation. Bottom line -- avoid this restaurant because they don't understand how to take care of their customers.To start off, we made a reservation for 6pm on a Monday night. Pretty empty and got seated right away but then we were told we couldn't order off of the happy hour menu unless we sat at the bar. Disappointing, but fine. 
2 of us ordered 6 dishes total. We definitely couldn't finish and wished we could have ordered 4 instead and left room for dessert. Specifically, we got a cocktail, mushroom pita, beef meatballs, grilled octopus, spicy feta spread, lamb gyro, and Brussels sprouts. The cocktail was solid but expensive(range from 10-14$ with a good amount of ice). Brussels sprouts are solid, mushroom pita is good, more like a pastry with mushroom filling, but its really rich(comes with a mushroom cream sauce) and too salty. Lamb gyro is tender and probably one of the best things on the menu. Spicy feta spread comes with 2 pieces of pita and if you ask for extra pita they charge you an extra dollar(they don't tell you this). Now, the most disappointing part was the grilled octopus. Was clearly overcooked and way too charred that it was literally bitter. It didn't even taste fresh for that $14. 
Maybe come to this place for happy hour drinks or for a quick bite. Not really worth as a nice dinner place.The people that work the door here are assholes. They let their friends in before someone whose been waiting for an hour. I'll never come back here after how rudely my friends were treated by the front door staff.Opa definitely has a nice, small atmosphere, and I love that there's live music there. The space may be a bit too small for a live band though, as it was difficult to hear and talk to the people we were there with.
The rabbit was good, and the noodles springy and chewy. The gyros that I had though were very tiny, and totally did not satisfy me. I did not expect what i got. It seriously looked like a commercial on TV where it was a joke that restaurants serve you little food, or where my hands are too big.
The food was decent, but unfortunately the value was not quite there I thought.It's been hit or miss at Opa. We've had some nights where it's too crowded to get a drink. We're here today for happy hour and the specials are very reasonably priced. The open window allows for great fresh air (of Sansom street, we admit). It'd be better if they offered their happy hour on their back patio, but it's only at the bar. At least we have good scenery with the hot bartender.Opa which is loosely translated to mean something like Hooray! or Hell yeah! or even Yeehaw!  Cool name for a Greek Restaurant.  The food is close to making me say it, very close, but not quite.  Some of the highlights from the menu for me include the Keftedes (Greek Meatballs), Grilled Octopus with Chickpea fondue and the Pastitsio.  These three dishes alone I would come back for.  The Pastitsio was awesome and would love to have a big pot of it the next time I get snowed in.  The cocktails are creative and delicious.  The Loukoumades for dessert were equally as delicious and come with a couple dipping sauces, one banana puree, the other Merenda (which is a Greek Nutella)
The Bifteki or Greek Burger didn't do it for me.  It came out dry and I don't think Greek Flavors help to deliver a tasty burger.  Wasn't a fan.
Solid Greek spot with a trendy interior, creative cocktail menu and some standout dishes worth coming back for. I'd give it a quiet opa, no exclamation point.i don't know why we go here. the drinks are crap and the staff is awful. what a waste of a nice patio!!!!!!I had only been here for the beer garden until Saturday. We had a reservation at 8 and were seated right away. The waitress was relatively attentive.
We had so many dishes that we split: the spanakopita was great, the chicken kabobs were awesome, the octopus was perfectly charred. The sheeps milk dumplings were similar to gnocchi and are a must try.
All-in-all, definitely don't write Opa off as a bar, although around 9:30 the drinking crowd started rolling in. It's a great modern Greek tapas restaurant and deserves a little more credit!What a great evening!   The staff was courteous, fun and attentive. The space was not to quiet or too loud - you could actually have a conversation.   Every dish was delicious and had some suprising element that put it over the top.  Loved Zack our server who was very knowledgeable as well as charming and charismatic.  You must visit Ela!I've heard good things about Opa, so when I found out about their special $2 menu for their 2 year anniversary, I finally stopped in. We had reservations and were seated pretty quickly, though our table was kind of jammed in a small space, behind another table.
We were served water pretty quickly by one server, who said someone would be by to take out order shortly. About 20 minutes later, I had to look around and try to get someone's attention before we could finally put in our drink orders, and then another 10 minutes later, we put in for our food.
Most of what was on the special menu sounded awesome. Unfortunately, they were out of lamb croquettes, so we got the surf and turf souvlaki and gyro from the special menu. I know that $2 is a great price, but the portions were pretty dismal. I have child hands. The gyro was no bigger than my palm, and the surf and turf souvlaki pieces were about as big as my thumb. They were pretty bland. 
We also ordered the chili chicken fingers and fried kalamari from their regular menu. The fried kalamari was good and also came with fried green peppers and olives, but the sauce was tasteless. The chili chicken fingers weren't spicy at all. The crust had a really nice texture, but they tasted like they were just covered in honey.
It was cozy inside, but both the service and food were lacking. The special $2 menu was a sham. It was really disappointing.I decided to check out Opa after seeing it on a list of "best places to eat outside in Philly." We didn't actually end up eating outside, but that was alright because the ceilings are painted the same color as old Greek houses and I loved it. 
The food ranged from okay to fantastic. If I could do it over again, I would skip the melitzanosalta (charred eggplant dip--meh) and get the tirokafteri (feta & pepper dip--so good!). We tried the duck gyro, which was fine but nothing to write home about. The macaronada was good but seemed like it was missing something that could have made it great. But the grilled octopus was delicious--cooked just the right amount, had great flavor and texture. 
The service could have been better. Our waiter forgot my friend's ginger ale, other times they would take our empty beer glasses but wouldn't ask if we would like another (and yes. yes we would).Decent atmosphere, huge bar, central location.  Those are the perks about Opa, if any.  The food is just okay and they do have an average happy hour.  However, the bartenders have zero personality, as well as an unsteady hand when pouring wine.  Overall, the place just wasn't memorable.The food and service are really good here. Happy hour is ok though... Would be nice if happy hour extended to tables or at least the back area. The skewers we had were good, not the best. Could have used a sauce on them. Definitely recommend as overall a great experience.My guess is the point of a $2 Anniversary party is to drive awareness, excitement, and  grow the customer base.  The only problem is that the service and food have to deliver.  I wasn't expecting full size portions for $2 but what we got was extremely small.  Either way, I can look past the portion size completely and simply based on food I won't return.
The spinach croquettes (as they were out of the advertised lamb croquettes) were the highlight of the menu.  The gyro was okay (about the size of three fingers put together.)  The surf & turf souvlaki was bland and cold.  
After realizing we'd have to spend $50 on the $2 menu to get remotely full we opted to order a few full size appetizers.  The ribs appetizer, while pretty tasty, came with two small ribs and about 1/2 cup of sweet potato hash.  That serving was $9 - for two ribs and 10 cent worth of potato hash.  The greek fries were okay but they were just fries.
The biggest issue was the service.  I'm not sure if they weren't use to it being busy or they couldn't handle this anniversary menu or what, but the service was terrible.  We had to wait 10 minutes for every drink we ordered (all canned beer by the way.)  Our first order to the waitress was for four items - after 15 minutes we got one of them - the spinach croquettes.  After inquiring and waiting another 10 minutes we go two more of the items.  I inquired about the fourth again and ordered a fifth - the fifth item came 10 minutes later and after inquiring yet again about the gyro it finally arrived.  Needless to say...it didn't live up to that wait.  Love the atmosphere and the vibe, but the food and service were sub-par.We were quite disappointed with the quality and style. I think they were trying too hard on trendy Greek food and it just fell flat. 
The service was ok, however, it's just not worth going here when there are better choices nearby.I love to go to Opa for their outside back patio bar. It's so cute in the summer to sit out on the picnic benches. However, summer isn't the only time I come...I was there in the middle of March because they have it closed in with heaters. Love the little games you can play!I have been to Opa many times for drinks and we finally decided to head in for dinner and I have to say the experience was more than disappointing. First the hostess explained to us that although she had tables open "she just could not seat us, like she just could not." That did not really hold a lot of weight but we figured we would eat at the bar. There we proceeded to not be greeted by an extremely unfriendly bartender who tossed the menu at us, ended up bringing us two appetizers that were twice the price of what we had ordered, and served extremely flat draft beer. When asking about the quality of the beer she rolled her eyes and stated "sooooo are you saying you don't want to drink it?" Not exactly the greatest customer service. Overall the food was satisfactory- nothing worth raving about. I felt it was overpriced for the portion size  and with the draft beer being flat,  the experience was not exactly enticing for a future visit. That being sad the octopus salad was well done ad very delicious. However, I unfortunately don't know if I would even head back for drinks let alone dinner after that experience.