this is an alright bar, not the kind of place you just want stop in for a drink, the atmosphere can be kind of a downer, but if you've got a big group of people and can take up the corner tables it's a great place for 5 dollar pitchers and bad jukebox songs nobody wants to admit they know all the lyrics to. few people I know have braved the food here (nothing vegan that I know of) but if you want to test the resilience of your stomach this is probably as good a place as any.Not sure how I came to find Oscars, I was strolling around waiting for dinner and this little cobbled street appeared out of no where right in between Street and Market Street. The bright colored lights, quaint feeling and back alley kind of feeling drew me to start walking. Unfamiliar with my surroundings, I checked the streets to make sure I knew how to retrace my steps. The sun had just dropped behind the row of building on my right and shadows crept slowly up the walls to my left. A row of tiny little shops, bars, falafel, boutiques, street level, half level up and basement level. In the midst was Oscars Tavern. 
I walk in and am obviously from away because I order a Yuengling. You don't order yuengling in Pennsylvania, you order a lager. She asked big or small, I said big. The lady next to me pulled the empty stool between her and me closer to me. Her absent friend whose cigarette pack and light were on the counter never returned - when I left, they were still sitting right where they were when I got there. 
The owner was tending bar as well. Very talkative and friendly. As soon as the empty hit the bar, I was asked if I'd like another. 
Down the right end of the bar, a grill used to whip up cheese steaks, burgers and other fried amusingness. If I wasn't waiting to go to dinner, I could not have resisted, everything looked amazing. This place is completely local, I am sure I was the only foreigner in the joint. The line cook, the bartender and the owner knew the name of every other person that came into the bar. Bar booths, red colors, blinking lights, tall bar stools, low ceilings, small front window. My kind of place.I really love this bar. The perfect pre-gamer. You don't go to this bar for a great beer selection, although they've been getting a few craft beers in more. You go here to have a huge glass of cheap crappy beer, some onion rings, and watch all the interesting characters around you. Always a welcoming place.I ALWAYS have the best times here.  A little dive bar on Sansom has cheap beer and a no frills environment.  I went there a couple of years ago and met this guy who kept telling my friend and I to come with him to Bristol (not in a creepy way, but in a fun way).  We politely declined, and he said that cousin Earl would be upset and that he is going to tell mama over Sunday dinner.  He told us not to be late.  I won't.I have never been to an establishment where the bartenders and entire staff have had such an attitude and made their patrons feel like second class citizens. Specifically, the bartender Bill was so rude and obnoxious when ordering drinks it made me want to throw my drink in his face. The guy is an absolute Bum who has no business working in a Burger King. The show Bar Rescue is the only thing that comes to mind here.Wow, this place is a VERY locals-only kind of place. You walk in and are greeted with a the smell of fried foods and the sight of a thousand Phillies shirts. None of this is a bad thing, but a bit jarring when your previous stop that night was Franklin.
I had the massive long island (obviously) which was drinkable and --did I mention?-- massive. No regrets there. I could see myself coming back here when I'm in the mood for a no-frills night of cheap booze and sports on the TVs.
The bathrooms did, however, make me want to vomit.I love Oscar's Tavern. As a patron who usually doesn't frequent dives, I have to admit upon first entering I was mortified. Yes, I know it sounds ridiculous.
When I went for the first time last year it was dark, looked dirty, smelled like old beer and there was a drunk guy stumbling around and in the back that my friend and I were guessing if he was a regular or an employee. The glasses didn't look too clean and the grill was exposed and part of the bar.
Once you get past all that, you have ridiculously cheap beer in large quantities. They used to have Lionshead on tap. My love for shitty beer appreciated this. They now have PBR on tap. This warmed my heart.
I still haven't ordered any food here and don't think that I ever will because the guy cooking it skeeves me out, but my friends have drunkenly munched on fries and chicken tenders and they didn't seem too lethal. 
Beware, this place is cash only and the closest ATM is in Bar 1518 a few doors only. Also, if you want the most bang for your buck, get the tall boys and Lager is always on special.If my life were 'Shaune of the Dead', this bar would unfortunately be my Winchester. 
The food sucks but let's be honest, you're not there to eat. One goes to Oscar's to get wasted, on the cheap. Their long islands are a bit pricey ($12) but you're getting 23 ounces of booze. 
Yes, it's dingy but nobody will bother you. Unless of course, it's a waitress who cannot pronounce, "Kenzinger" but HEY! Whatever, nobody is perfect and my glass was never empty.True dIve bar where the waitress may not always remember your name but knows your order.  You can supersize your beers.  It's not for the faint of heart.  There's a lurid haze of smoke that hangs over the place and clings to your every molecule.  For some reason, I love it.
You can get a decent sized group in here.  The crowd varies based on the night, but it definitely has its share of regulars (read daytime alcoholics).  I frequented this place every Wed night all summer long and have a great store of memories.$3.25 PBR's and cheese fries are one way to enjoy the end of a Friday workday. If you're not a beer drinker, take a look at the placemats because they're covered with cocktail options.
The waitresses at Oscar's are friendly and usually on top of their game. Seating is almost always a problem though, but once you've got a spot it's hard not to kick back and stay for a while. Women, be mindful of the toilet paper supply, it's rarely ever stocked.There were three for two cheesesteaks; there were potato chips. There were cheap beers, shots, comradery, good times, and some girl who was either a prostitute, a questionably moraled coworker, or like, the worst granddaughter. Ever.
AND SHE MADE OUT WITH EVERYBODY.
Well I guess she really one made out with the two guys. One jealous young man who was her age and one lucky old chap 30 years her senior. But the whole bar was trying to figure out who they both were. So, like, whatever man. I'm drunk.
Come to oscar's for the cheesesteaks, stay for the show.I may have given it more stars if I did more than rush in to have a pint of Octoberfish.
I just wanted to say that YOU CAN'T SMOKE HERE!
this is a NO-SMOKING BAR!
thank you,Great place to kick back and relax with a big cheap beer. Comfortable no-frills bar. Super-friendly (if overworked) staff.  The food isn't great, but it's as good as I would expect for a little divey spot like this; I like it. Whenever a group of my friends wants to go out together, Oscar's is my first suggestion.I love Oscar's - great center city dive ( they are dwindling, sadly... ) with $4 giant beers, decent bar food and super friendly staff! There's no judgement here. With Nodding Head gone ( not that it was a dive,  but a nice place with decent clientele) I hope this section of Sansom Street doesn't turn into the club district. Ugh. Long Live Oscar's!
Only con - Cash only - but I imagine it keeps their prices down so I wont complain.Every Two Years... My buddy SGP and I have swung through Philly a few times now and we always find ourselves circling back through Oscar's at some point.  Cheap beer, entertaining crowd, good music, great drinking food, and the staff is amazing, especially Suzanna (sp?).Cheap beer
More quantity
Huge Cheese steaks (very good too)
Dive
Sold
Sold
Sold (sold)
SoldThe best kind of filthy hole-in-the-wall. The servers here are remarkably kind and, while there is clearly a high showing of the local alcoholic demographic, they are all very sweet drunks. 
I'm reasonably sure I put ten dollars in the juke box and picked every song that played that night. 
I quite dug on this dingy dive -- damn cheap, fab juke, dirty in all the right ways. We pulled the trifecta out by coming three nights in a row, you should too!I LOVE dive bars...bars you walk into and you know the same people come in here every day, the waitress can spot your new..she's a little gruff at first and then becomes your best friend by the time you leave. That's the feel at this one....AND their cheese fries are made with cheese wiz! Omg...I will be back to indulge on those again....plus my drink was strong...you knew they actually put alcohol in it. GREAT little place.If you look up "dive bar" in the dictionary, Oscar's should be there!
You've got your old men veteran club bellied up to the bar in their Phillies caps and pitchers of Pabst Blue Ribbon, your college crowd crammed into the booths in the back being loud and drunk as per usual, your hipsters slumming around and scattered throughout, along with many other stereotypical groups of dive-bar-goers.  
Cheap draft beer, fast service, never too cramped to make you want to scream at the topof your lungs, and always someone just a few seats down to strike up interesting (yet often bizarre) conversation with.  Great late night destination with friends.Oscar's is the place to go when you're heading in the direction of last call and you want to catch one last drink with your friends.
If you can get your butt in a booth order a drink and enjoy the show! It's a real mixed crowd and the bar gets more and more fun as time goes on. 
Oscar's has this great old school feel and the staff is fun and totally along for the ride.One of the last bars left of its kind. There is almost no place that can compare. You can have a great time and hang out all night for less then 20 dollars, food included. Has the vibe of Cheers but so much better. Jukebox with some great oldies as well as some new stuff. The food was great bar type food. Everyone from a college kid to an old drunk is in here truly on of the last great dive bars.Tall Lagers and wings? Yes!
3 doors from work? Oh yes!
Cheap? Yep!
Laid back? Totally!
Is Scotty The Man? YES!
Do they own me? Absolutely.
I love going there after work, no matter what time it is. If you aren't difficult and just want beer and relax, this is it!Stopped for dinner. Place is dirty. Bathroom had feces and period on it. Burgers are big but tasteless. The coke was great!DON'T:
take forever in the bathroom
go here on a weekend with a large group
forget to order a 'tall' beer
be one of those people that pre-game's for the surrounding clubs
DO:
come here on a weeknight
order a tall 'long island iced tea'
play great songs on the jukebox'
order something to snack on
come frequently
oscars on weeknights is totally different from oscars on the weekends,
i like oscars on weeknights, 
i like to drink my drinks,
i don't like oscars on weekends, 
i don't like drinks spilled on me.I ate lunch here with some coworkers for the first time this week. The food was good and the prices are reasonable. The reason why the food is so cheap is because the building appears to be in desperate need of renovation.  To call this a dive bar is being generous. Numerous water stains and what appears to be mold throughout the ceiling. I'm really not sure how this establishment has not been closed by the health department.Oscar's is my favorite bar in Center City, hands down. The staff is friendly and the drinks are cheap.Situated right in Center City and practically on Broad Street, Oscar's is definitely worth a look.  This place is home to an unusually heterogeneous crowd, all seeming to appreciate the various strings of Michael Jackson, Queen, and Police songs.  The Jukebox is essential.  The 22 oz. tall glasses of  Yuengling for $3 is also essential to its success as a venue!  They also have a really nice, cheap dinner and snack menu.  Burgers for $5 or less, $1.75 french fries, etc.  It's nice not having to pay $5 for a few fries.
My only complaints are:  it was a little over crowded...which isn't too terrible until your service slows down considerably.  Our service became slow and non-existent.  There was also smoking inside.
It was a great place to meet up with some friends that I haven't seen in a few years.It's been a while since we've been to Oscars but it was just as great as when we left it.  Popped in after the mummers parade on new years day to watch some college football and enjoy the jukebox.  Had a great time!  Stayed later than planned too...it's just tough to leave such a nice time! Wish we had an Oscars in our town!I love dive bars. Dive bars are fun. They're inexpensive. They have an unpretentious attitude. They have real chill bartenders..... Most of the time. 
Came here on a Friday to get some late night drinks. Everything seemed fine when we walked in. Place looked chill. When we went to go sit down though the bartender snapped at us. Apparently someone was sitting there. There was no way for us to know. 
It wasn't a huge deal. I'm not gonna slam the place, it had a chill vibe, cheap drinks, and it looked like everyone was having fun. After our round though, we felt we should take our business elsewhere.$7.25 CheeseSteak Special for one and half cheesesteak is the only reason I visited Oscar's Tavern. Nobody can turn away that kind of deal! A friend and I shared the special and we both left satisfied. The cheesesteak bread roll was warm and soft, and the bread to meat ratio was perfect! Cheesesteak had fried onions and American cheese (I think). The flavor was great on its own, without any condiments. I think its comparable to other highly rated cheesesteaks in Philly, such as Jim's. Its nice to know that now I don't have to travel all the way to South Philly to get a good cheesesteak, and did I mention its only $7.25 for 1.5 cheesesteak?!?!
The atmosphere was unique, It looks like sports bar with Christmas lights, Happy birthday signs and an old school juke box. But hey, whatever floats their boat I guess, because on a Thursday night, the place was packed with only 1 bartender and 1 waitress. Service wasn't too slow, since most people took advantage of the beer on draft more than the food. 
I would definitely go back for the cheesesteak again, perhaps try their other items. My friend got the Oscar Special (Italian hoagie with chips), and the portion was surprising large.Oscar's is one of my favorite spots to get drinks!
The server is super sweet and friendly, and there's never been a moment where I or my friends have felt ignored or forgotten l. 
(Although, since it's usually pretty crowded after work, getting your check can sometimes prove to be a hassle.)
Second, the atmosphere is great if you're into good, loud music, tables of people talking and laughing over each other, and cool red lighting. Definitely a grade-A dive bar.
Third, I'm usually teetering on the edge of broke, and Oscar's doesn't force me to stretch my wallet. Speaking of which, remember to stop by the ATM beforehand. Cash only!!
Fourth, the nachos are Satan. They tempt me EVERY. SINGLE. TIME.
Fifth... Well, I hadn't planned on a fifth reason. It's situated smack dab in the middle of Sansom between 15th and 16th so you're super close to the MFL, BSL, and Regional Rail Lines. Convenient for if if you don't live in the area.I've only been to Oscar's twice. The first time around, it was super crowded, and had a terrible stench.I was not impressed. I generally frequent gastropubs since I'm a foodie, but I'm a down girl from the hood. I can branch out and enjoy a dive here and there.
My second time was on a weeknight so my date and I were able to sit and hear each other. The beer list has more than the simple Millers, Buds, and PBRs, which is a plus. I haven't had anything to eat here and I almost never see any of the other patrons munching away. However, the star of the place seems to be the jukebox.
Good, reasonably priced beers, laid-back atmosphere, and an interactive attraction; I'm a fan!MASSIVE cheesesteak.  Three 8" sections in a basket.  Bulimia would help to get it all in there.  
My kinda place.It is what it is! That's the best way I can sum this place up. Does it have the best food? Nope. Does it have amazing cocktails? Nope. Does it have great interior? Nope. Does it say it does? Nope. That's why it's so well liked. Sincere, honest dive bar with an interesting crowd, fast friendly service and cheap food.A dive bar located in the middle of pretentious Center City. Can't get much better then that.
Place always seems clean (minus the bathrooms, but it is a dive bar), the staff is extremely friendly, the beer is cheap and the food cheaper. People are always hovering around the jukebox and the clientele, young and old, always seems friendly and talkative.
Pretty much all you can ask for.After our groups outing in the city for the holiday events we stopped in at Oscar's on the way to the high speed line. A long and narrow place was pretty busy. We found a few small tables together since the bar was full. Bar maid immediately came over to ask what we needed. Ordered up a few beers to kill some time. I felt a little cramped and it was very warm, but it fulfilled a need at the right time.I went here for the first time last night, and I must say, it felt Jay's (my hometown bar, which I yelped about).  It was perfectly dive, and very friendly.  
The beer was cheap ($3.50 for a 20oz Yuengling draft), $5 for a burger (had the German - egg, peppers, cheese - delicioso yo), and all kinds of music in the background.  The patrons of this place are all friendly, talking about the Phillies last night with anyone that was paying attention.  The crowd was mixed with young and old, and was diverse.  Tonya the bartender was friendly and personable.  
I'd say the attire is whatever goes, but go for more casual.  I had on sort of Miami attire (b/c of an event I was at prior) which turned a couple heads, but after I sat down, no one cared and it was all good.Oscars is the dive bar you've always wanted. The drinks are so cheap ($4 for a huge beer) and the bar is dark with music playing loudly in the back. It gets hard to grab a seat by the bar later in the night but during the afternoon it's easy to grab a booth and catch up with friends. The service is always fast and attentive. It's cash only so make sure you come preparedOscars is great for those days off when you really don't have much to do, so drinking at noon sounds like a great idea...haha just joking (or am I?)
The place has no windows so when you step out at 4 PM and its still light out you get a little disoriented (of course I am speaking from what friends have told me...) The people are always nice and up for an impromptu conversation. And the cheese-steak and a half deal can't be beat. They never run out of lager  and you rarely walk out spending more than 20 bucks. 
Nothing has changed my mind about this place over the years. This is a no attitudes place where you can go to unwind, drink and chat. 
If you enjoy a friendly crowd, cheap eats and drinks and great atmosphere, make it a place to stop when in the neighborhood.I love this bar. The clientele, bartenders, and waitresses alike are extremely friendly. Every time I've been there everyone's easy going, no one is trying to be cool, everyone is truly enjoying themselves over a couple of cheaply-priced libations. It's the place to go for a good, care-free time no matter who you are or what you're into. Some nights you can smoke inside, too. "Your neighborhood bar in the middle of the city." A real favorite of mine.Love this place for being a neighborhood bar in over priced Center City. Best menu item I had was chicken parm sandwich. Only other things I tried were wings, chicken cheesesteak, fries, & onion rings. All were just ok but what you'd expect from bar food. 
Come here if you want a stiff drink with no pretense. Don't be too hungry & you'll be fine.A perfectly placed dive bar in a very trendy part of the city. Both times I've come here, I've had great service and even better cheesesteaks! 
It is one if the best deals in the area to get a cheesesteak and a half for $7 after 4 pm! I also recommend the crabby fries which are as addicting and better seasoned than chickie and Pete's...and only $3.50 vs $8. 
Both during happy hour and late night it seems to have a small crowd of locals jut hanging out watching TV. It is definitely a good place to catch up with a friend or simply a place to grab a quick bite. 
Sadly the only thing that is massively annoying is that the place is cash only and there is no ATM on the premise it even on the block! So come prepared with bills and an empty belly.Oscar's, thou art my favourite dive bar in all of the goode city of Philadelphia.  How do I love thee?  Let me count the ways:
* $8 pitchers of Lager (Yuengling for ya out of towners)
* Awesome cheese fries
* Non-Ironic 70s era decor
* Every type of person imaginable somewhere in the bar (hipsters, suits, middle aged couples)
* Convenient location
* Long Island Iced teas that will F*** YOUR SHIT UP
...and let's not forget the evening when a troupe of bagpipers stormed in, jamming away.  They paused to drink a round, then played on, then drank, then played - right there in the middle of the bar! - and got progressively worse as the night went on.  A bar that can deliver that kind of absurd experience is a bar I will (and have!) visit twice in one night.
Oscar's, thou art the divey-est dive that ever dived.  And I adore thee for it.I love this place, the tall lager is HUGE and it's real fun to go with a couple of friends. I don't think I'd go there alone because I'd find it boring.Good ol Oscars, what can't you do here?  Cheap massive beers, eclectic crowd.  Great as a full nighter, quick drink, late night food spot.  The versatility here ends at formal night out though.  Unless you like cheap bar food as a formal night, who am I to judge?Best spot to grab a lager in Rittenhouse. Definitely would visit this circus again. Love the lightening. Love the vast prince selection on the jukebox. Love the food! Sometimes it does get full of creatures, but that just makes it better. I've been coming here for years. Super reasonable too!Love the giant long island ice teas, the cheasteak and a half and incredable bar staff!It has been a long hard road, months of searching, always coming up short. I thought I was doomed to fail. But my quest is finally over, and I have found you, and now my life can truly begin. 
Naked Photohunt and PBR in the same establishment. Thank god.Cash only. Diverse groups of people. Red lights, cheap domestic beers on tap, and lots of fried foods. The men's bathroom toilet has duct tape on it. Yep, dive bar.We had a large group on a Saturday night, and the wait staff did a great job accommodating us (rearranged tables, asked others to move to a smaller table, etc).
And big beers!Dive bar. Dim lighting. Leather booths that were falling apart. Ceiling tiles that were soaked brown from leaky pipes. 
Staff was nice. Domestic draft beers for $4.As soon as I walk out of there with a couple of friends, Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland) walks in yesternight, and I missed him! I mean, a celebrity is just a rich human being, I know that, but Jack Bauer has saved the world roughly one day every 18 months or so for the last (taking into account all of the seasons) 10 years. And for that I wish to shake his hand. Another one of my friends who had stayed got a picture with him though, so I can experience vicariously through him. 
But anyway... the place is chill. I like it. As far as dive bars go, I prefer it to other places I've been to. The music that you hear while you frequent this bar is absolutely amazing. It's really not much, yet it oozes amazingness. Or that could be something I accidentally put my hand in, I dunno it was really dark in there.It's not for the faint of heart, and it sure won't make any Rittenhouse Square top 5 lists, but that is what makes Oscar's a decent spot. Beer prices are good, food is edible and the crowd at the bar is the type that may bust out a tune like "One Bourbon, One Scotch, One Beer". Check the douchery at the door. Nothing fancy, just a decent spot to chill out and have a few drinks.I smile everytime i walk by Oscars on my way to work, partially because i know i will be in the joint at some point at the end of the week...weather its stopping in for "a drink" or a good friday night out-meeting up with my best chums to bullshit and play the jukebox: WEEEEZZZER & BILLY IDOL ON BLAST &  REPEAT yo! Ofcourse i love the dingy box of a bathroom (anywhere where u can tag is golden) and the narrow ass walkway to get to the back aswell. CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP is how i rolll and its how Oscars does!
 U will never get into a fight/have a problem with anyone here becuz everyone comes to have a goodtime. This is truly a gem and will always be. Neighborhood bar meets Center City and i would hope everyone loves it here. Whats not to love?This was a stumble-upon rather than a stumble-in kinda visit. M loves a good dive and being it was his birthday weekend, we had to make this unplanned stop. This was our second place of what would become 10 on our Friday night Philly adventure. The cash only bar has reasonable prices, a great selection, and makes one of the best chicken cheesesteaks ever.  For $8.50 our cheesesteak was like 1 1/2 sandwiches, it was big and shareable.  The bartenders and other customers were fun and made the experience that much better.  We enjoyed our food, drink, and playing the touchtunes jukebox. A must go if you love a good dive with good food, drink, people watching, and music.Oscar's Tavern might not be pretty, everything might be cooked on the same grill space that hasn't been scrapped of grease and grim for days, but man I don't think I can go a month without finding myself stuffed into a booth here with a group of friends screaming back and forth about the events of the week. It's easy on your wallet and you can come as you are. Definitely an easy spot to just relax.One of my favorite dive bars to go to if I'm in the Center City shopping district! I love the old school wood paneling and decor. This place is certainly a blast from the past. Staff is nice and accommodating and the prices are cheap! What more can you ask for?!I really used to love this place. So many good memories were made here, and then last night happened. I have never had such poor service before. Our waitress was so offensively rude, we walked out completely disgusted. We even mentioned to other staff working how horrible we were treated, and they could care less. I will never return to this establishment, and I will make sure no one I know will spend their hard earned money here either. No one should ever feel as disrespected as my friends and I did, especially after having such a great night before we walked through the door.place is absolute dog piss. the bathroom smells worse than a country-side outhouse and never has any paper towels, the seating booths are actually (no, not practically) falling apart..... and I love it. one of my favorite places to booze where you can get a 22 ounce, $12 long island iced tea (estimated amount - I usually forget how much this actually is after finishing the first round). many fun nights here.
I'd give it 5 stars out of my fondness; on the other hand, if I take this place as a personification of Philadelphia, it would promptly tell me to leave whatever the hell review I wanted and throw me out into the streets farther than uncle phil.
the french fries here are arguably the best in the city. I'd fight you over this, but I'd probably lose, so, yeah, they're one of the best.This is basically one of my favorite bars in town.
Why?  Because if you're here, you probably want to be here.  If not, you leave quickly.  What's left is a fairly enjoyable mixed crowd that likes to have fun.  Plus, you get a total grab bag of what type of individual you're going to have sitting next to you at the bar.  Don't want to sit at the bar?  The tables are entirely enjoyable as well.
And then there's the beer... the sweet beer that is stupid cheap for 20-23 something ounces per tall glass.  You have a $20 bill?  You can drink for hours.
Bar flys, old drunkards, and kids alike find Oscar's to be a welcome safe haven.  It's darkly lit, kind of dingy, and just plain awesome.
Why just last night, myself and two other people had 13 tall beers and food from the grill amongst the three of us for a $50 total.  Yes, that is just plain awesome.If you're looking for the diamond in the ruff, that local dive with food you're going to consider moving to this city for...you MUST stop at Oscars. 
The wait staff if friendly, but not fake, "I'm working for a tip" friendly.  The Philly cheesesteaks here ARE the best in the area. 
Seriously, we tried them all. Oscars is IT!
Also, Suzanne (employee) is AMAZING! If you're looking for a "Cheers" vibe, you gotta head to Oscars :)You will probably leave this place drunk. You will also leave without feeling broke. A dive bar in Center City sounds a bit like a contradiction, but it's real! For less than $5, you can get a 23oz drink on draft and a Long Island Ice Tea, for about 2.5x the price, but in the same size glass. Now that's scary stuff! The food is alright, nothing really to write home about, as expected from a dive. This place isn't the largest, so it can get packed during weekend nights and during happy hour. So if you need some respite from the other douchey establishments on Sansom, I say come here for a good time and with your cash. No credit cards!Cheap beers. Good sandwiches. Friendly service. Cheap. The space is somewhat cramped, so I recommend getting a table vice standing by the bar.Ok, so I've been to Oscar's MANY times.  When I lived and worked nearby, Oscar's was a regular in my rotation.  Cheap everything.  Cheers-esque.  All kinds of different people (which is very strange to me, but reassuring).  It's a friendly place, but it's very easy to get lost in the shuffle and, therefore, ignored by your waitress, who may or may not be drunk.  So even though the staff is friendly, they may not be attentive.  If you're a person who demands cleanliness, don't look at the ceiling :)The service here is reminiscent of a diner...which is perfectly fine with me. It's difficult to find a bar with a small town feel in this part of Philly but oscars fills the need. Cheap drinks will have me coming back however every time that I go there's an unavoidably obnoxious group of people, no matter the day of the week.If you need a quick cheaper drink if you are in the area passing through or waiting your reservation with another restaurant etc. The crowd appears to be people from all walks of life. 
The prices are fair the service is quick and generally friendly.Real Philadelphians, Cheap, 32oz servings of Yeungling Black & Tan on draft and the friendliest bartender in town. Did I mention she speaks French beautifully? You can't go wrong in here. Unless you're an asshole.$4, 23oz Miller Lite and Yuengling drafts call me hooked dive bar USA. I wish I could remember the little snack prices, but it started at $3 for fries and went to $6 for something. When you walk in, it is dim lighted and a tight walk. Red is the color of choice.
If you are not a Dive Bar person, go to the pretentious bars close by. Bring cash because this is a CASH ONLY BAR.Well priced drinks, good atmosphere, nice wings and great bar staff. 4/5. Would come again.This is a 5 star dive bar.  It has perfectly kitschy outdated decor.  Great booth seating. Inexpensive drinks.  Friendly staff.   Clientele from all walks of life.  And the most awesome jukebox ever.Best thing about this place are the tall, cheapest drinks in town. Forget the overpriced food, guys and dolls. 
I got a nearly Das Boot version of a glass of Blue Moon for less than $5. And here is the place to try those "expensive drinks," like an Old Fashioned for $6! 
Depending on how many drinks you've hand, you can even reach other to that stranger, stick your hand in his afro, and smile and say "Squishy." And maybe get away with it. But let's not omit the occasional bar fights. PIck your battles wisely. 
Here is to being daring, cheap, and taking your hand sanitizer with your ID!I came here specifically for the cheesesteaks. For around $6-$7 they were a good price. It was also more than I expected because they give you an extra half after 5pm. The steak itself was tasty and I liked how thinly cut it was. However I found the bread to be a bit too doughy and dry. It also needed more cheese. They have cheap beers and a good variety on the menu though so I wouldn't mind going back.Oscar's is home to the best mozzarella sticks in the city, and the only place I know where you can get a beer as tall as your forearm for $3.  The owner is awesome and so is his wife, Angel.  The crowd tends to be more diverse than the crowd in many other center city bars, which is a good thing.  The food is fine for bar food (except for the mozz sticks -- have I mentioned how much I love them?), and the drinks are cheap.  It's the perfect place to unwind after work on a Friday, and to me, the most enjoyable dive bar in Philly.Fun divey bar! I am fascinated by old center city businesses and this is definitely one of the few that has made it. I've only gotten drinks here. Good prices, good atmosphere, very low key. Probably my favorite center city dive bar.Before reading about this bar, peep the category overhead: Dive Bars. Just because a place is considered to be a dive bar doesn't mean it won't be a great time or that there are vagrants waiting in the shadows to take your money.
That being said, Oscar's is one of my favorite drinking establishments in the city. The ambience of the dim lighting, and low drum of conversation allow one to blend in and peoplewatch without drawing attention. 
Went down to Center City to go out for SIPS but started and ended my night at Oscar's. When their everyday special is .25 more than the SIPS special, save the crowds, I'm all set.If you stopped in last night you got to hear some 58 year old man named Rick rock out to 4 Van Halen songs on the jukebox wearing clip-on sunglasses and fistpumping. 
The waitstaff here is awesome! Extremely personable, family-run business and they aim to keep it that way. The food is okay, you're at a dive bar, not a gastropub, drink and the food gets better. Regardless, the waitress was nice enough to give us food that somebody ordered and didn't show up for gratis, can't beat free food & cheap drinks.
Don't be that guy who brings the ATM/Debit/Credit card, businesses like this survive running cash-only.Whenever I'm in the area, there's no bar I'd rather go to than Oscar's.  It's painfully divey, but oh-so-good.  $3.25 23-oz lagers??  What a place to get drunk.  Oscar's attracts an enormous variety of people who all leave their pretensions at the door (except for the occasional frat guys who think the lager-special sign is an invitation).  
BOTTOM LINE - Don't waste your time at the bar next door, just come to Oscar's for a good low-key Philly drinking experience.Yup, it's a dive.  But that's usually what I'm looking for.  Cheap beer, no pretentiousness , and lots of fried things.  What more do I have to say, did you want the downside of this place? It's cash only and in a part of Philly that I don't normally hang.  Aside from that it's a great place to lay low and drink or pregame.  Resolution for 2013?  More fried stuff.Oscar's is one of my favorite spots in Center City. I'm definitely partial to dive bars and it's awesome that Philly manages to keep a decent handful of them downtown as an alternative to the sea of shitty overpriced bars with lines full of douchebag college kids and/or young professionals who don't know better than paying $5+ for a Yuengling. Like everyone else mentioned, you can't beat their huge $3 drafts and their mixed drinks are strong and cheap too. 
Oscar's is kind of like McGlinchy's except that the waitresses aren't all constantly miserable and you're more likely to end up sitting next to the neighborhood shoeshine guy (literally) than a bunch of aging hipsters.
Also, after like 6 or so when you order a cheesesteak you get an additional half for free. It's a good deal and also an excuse to eat a cheesesteak and half, which you'll need to soak up all that alcohol you probably shouldn't have consumed immediately after work on a weekday...
This is definitely a stop in for a drink, end up tore up by 8:30pm kind of bar, which warrants a glowing review in my eyes.One of my favorite dive bars in Philly. Just in for the weekend and found this beauty. Stiff drinks. Great bartenders and conversation with mixed crowd at the bar. Neighborhood has lots of fun options.A huge crowd of my friends and I came on New Year's Eve, where Oscar's had a crowd just the right size and no smokiness. My inebriated friend begged me to take the paper placemat listing the different mixed drinks and ingredients, and so I did. I did practically have to sit on a booster seat in order to reach my very tall, cold glass of PBR, which was only 2 or 3 buckaroos.  Who can argue with the basics delivered right? :)As good as it gets for a dive bar! 
I love that this is located right in the heart of the city, and more importantly right near my house! I cannot believe it's taken me so long to find this place. 
It's such a nice respite from the ridiculously overpriced lounges in the city! I love Oscar's!Fix your God-damned bar stools people.  The elusive dive bar is a highly-appreciated commodity in this part of town, but it's no good if the stools make you feel like you're taking a break on the side of Everest.  Very friendly service though, and a good beer selection...it's a great bar, just wish they didn't dive so deep.Divey divey dive bar.  With all that we love about such places.  To me, Oscar's is for only one thing, which is cheap-ass lager.  Also, the people-watching can be quite interesting.  Sometimes you can smoke in there - you never know when they might just hand out ashtrays.  Music is a little on the loud side.  Girls, don't try to go alone and read or something - you will be bothered and chatted up and pestered.  But if you're looking to meet some interesting, beat up, lived-a-crazy-life and now will fill up your previously boring tuesday with stories about it dude, this is the place to do it.  Food... well mozz sticks are good just about anywhere aren't they?  But that aside, I wouldn't bother.the only reason a guy should ever be seen holding a long island iced tea! 22oz.s! this is a fun joint though i dont make it there much. the bartender tanya is awesome and you can order chinese food from down the street and eat it at oscars if you play your cards right, plus, PLUS, A REAL NO FOOLIN, NON DIGITAL JUKEBOX! its not 45s but hell no one can skip the oldies i play. odd crowd but.... go forth and drink!This place is a true dive bar. Not sure that's a good thing. Every time I've had beers here, I feel terrible the next day. I have the sneaking suspicion that they don't clean their draft lines properly. Also, prices can be cryptic and it's cash only. Your receipt is almost always just a handwritten sum, and I often feel as though it's a bit on the high side.I don't think of Oscar's as a dive bar. I'm not even sure I know what a dive bar is. But I do know what Oscar's is. It's warm, friendly, inviting and a place that just makes you feel good. The drinks are big and cheap. The food is good and cheap. It's honest and simple done right. Come here in your suit or your jeans, you will always fit in and always feel at home. If you are lucky, you will be greeted by Scott at the door and be served by one of Philly's finest (and cute) bartenders.  Bring cash. No credit here but there are ATMs around the corner. Oh- if you like Cash, Waits, Nelson and other classics, they have the jukebox for you.gigantic, cheap drafts in a place sandwiched between nightclubs overpriced bars.  great for people watching, sometimes hard to get a seat.  make sure to walk towards 15th street when you leave.Haven't had the food and haven't been here after dark; for some reason I only end up here in the afternoon, usually after an early day at the office.  What a comfortable dive bar; Oscar's takes me back in time with it's porch-light yellow lamps, classic tunes, and $3.00 beers (that's a $3.00 23oz. beer).  You just slip past the bar and disappear in a booth, Tina's the only one who knows you're there as she delivers you lager after huge lager.  Blink twice and you will miss this genuine dive dream so look up for the green sign that leads you to cheap beer heaven.When I think of Oscar's I think of duck sauce.* Has to be that the light gives the joint an orangey haze in the night...and it can be a wee bit sticky there too. My experiences at Oscar's have been nothing but sweet. This duck sauce analogy is working out a lot better than I expected. "See I'm NOT crazy**!" I just yelled...at myself. 
Cash bar. Big cheap beers for three dollars and change can be found here. Inexpensive mixed drinks are not watered down either- Oscar's don't skimp! 
We've had a such a variety of times and odd conversations here. Odd in a good way, usually. I've had a discussion about baking rugelach as Prince and Frank Sinatra played back to back on the jukebox. I've also been at Oscar's when it's been so packed to the rafters that I've barely been able to hear the weirdo thoughts in my own head, much less what tunes are playing. 
We've found Oscar's Tavern to be a comfortable, friendly place to get some drinks when we're in the neighborhood or when our funds are running low. We keep on coming back.
*Disclaimer: Oscar's has nothing to do with cheap Chinese sauce take-out  packets
**There is a good chance that I'm terribly insane.I love cheap dirty bars. I used to live and work at one, but I guess I shouldn't have come here starving and after having fancy glasses of wine at a nice fundraiser at a hoity-toity steakhouse. I got a sausage sandwich and promptly puked it up, it was so nasty. It made my stomach recoil on contact. I think it may have actually been a turd in a bun. Cheese fries were OK, made with actual Cheez Whiz, yay. You can tell by that plasticky aftertaste that only brand name Cheez Whiz has! My giant beer was nice to look at but warm and took about 10 tries at the waitress and bartenders to actually get. OK, it's really cheap, but it doesn't matter if it's so piss warm that I can't drink it. I'd rather spend $4 on something I can actually consume than $2.50 on nothing. Also I'm pretty sure the cook relieved himself in it. And Jesus Christ Mr. White, are all of the staff members on crystal meth?! 
Like I said, I like gross nasty cheap bars best, but at least pour me a beer the first or second time I ask for it, and stop trying to tell me to ask a different server. I asked YOU! You're at the damn bar!I love the smell of a dive bar in the morning!  A little bit musty along with that stale beer tang and just a hint of cleaning products.  I stopped in for an early lunch yesterday at 11:30 and smiled at the aroma.
If you are looking for a classic dive bar you've found it. It has zero presence from the outside.  It's long and narrow on the inside with lots of dark wood and dim lighting.  If you plan on looking at the menu, plan on using your flashlight app. The grill is behind the bar and visible to all.
Speaking of menus, expect bar food.  We're talking burgers and cheese steaks and sausage sandwiches.  I ordered a cheeseburger and fries and the two went for just under $10.  By the way, CASH ONLY.
My burger was a frozen patty that was not very thick. It was served on a soft Kaiser roll.  It was hot and juicy but otherwise nothing to write home to Mom about.  My fries were frozen from a bag and had that weird coating on them that doesn't ring my bells.  However they were hot and crispy.  I have a good friend that would call this kind of food fuel.
My drinks were cheap and the bartender was excellent.  The guy working the grill was also great and interacts with the customers so overall customer service was just fine.
I'd be happy to stop back for an adult libation or two or three.  I'd give them another shot on the food and try something different.This place is the perfect spot for cheap beer, decent food, and a relaxed atmosphere.  There's no need to fashionable here and is the place to go to the weekend before payday (when funds are drying up).  
23oz beers for under $4 dollars and $6+ massive cheesesteaks allow for an affordable and laid back evening.  This place, unlike many in the city, doesn't pretend to be something that it's not.  Wood paneling, beat up leather booths, and if you're lucky Lion's Head on draft.Cheap beer, fried snacks, nothing better than this place. PS: Bring cash!A super divey dive, and I love it!  It's true - the 24 oz beers for 3 bucks a pop may be what brings you here, but the friendly, fun bar staff, the locals planted at the bar with never-ending stories to tell, and the old school jukebox is what will keep you there for hours you dont even know went by so fast.You will spend the best years of your underaged life here, find solace in its strict adherence to the rules of head down drinking: long, dark and narrow. Dig into a 23oz lager for 3 and change, admire the way the waitress moves between tables, conversationally, think for a moment that you might marry her, remember that it's Tuesday and there's probably a few pretty girls at Fox & Hound for pint night--but karaoke's over, so why bother--and turn to a friend to make a point on Chase Utley's on-base percentage, stab your finger on the table to prove you're serious, and spill a bit out of your glass by accident.Cash Only, Great Juke, cheap beers, good sandwiches= Great Dive Bar.  On a great street this is the  "I dont feel like going out but I feel like just hanging out" kinda bar.  Do yourself a favor and grab a beer and their cheeseteak and just hang....For a dive bar, this place really has its charm. After the latest YEE, some of us headed here to continue the night; we were in full cocktail attire after all. Why squander a good opportunity to hit the town when you're all dressed up??
I was pleasantly surprised that they were able to seat our relatively large party right away. Usually places like this never have full tables ready to go--maybe the rain scared people away.
Other than that, there's not much to say: the beer is cheap, the food is yummy, and the company is questionable (at best). It's exactly what you come to expect and love at a dive bar!I hate the term "dive bar" this is a great old time bar that has really cheap beers in huge glasses and very friendly waitresses.  Some people don't like the old time feel of the place, but if you want a value and quick cheap drink try this place.I've been here twice and both times I loved it. First time was after a night of barhoppin and this was the final stop. I got a screwdriver which I accidentally knocked over and they gave me another one free of charge! The second time was after an ill-fated night at rumors and it felt like a home away from home. This is what a dive bar should be and if I ever catch myself in this area after another ill-fated night at the pretentious clubs in this area I will definitely come here againProbably my fave go to dive bar in Philly and I think anyone who works or lives in Center City knows about this wonderful establishment.  Sure it is cramped, the interior needs some updating, and the exposed springs in the chairs could possibly hurt you.  But do you go to dive bars for ambiance? Ummmmm last time I checked you do not.  The drinks are cheap, strong, and huge if you get a long island. If I remember correctly the long islands are $12 and it is the best $12 I have spent in Center City. It normally gets packed pretty early so get there by 5-6ish or plan on standing. Bring cash and the lady working the bar with blonde hair is an absolute sweetheart.  I forgot to mention this is a dive bar with a great selection of top-shelf liquor as well?  Well it is!
Thank you Oscar Tavern for the awesome nights and here is to more.By far the worst bartenders, and one of the worst bars in the city unless: your new to Philly, are underage and go to Uarts or Temple, are a faux hipster (and/or the above); or are just generally out of touch... Then again can i give 5 stars for a bar that is containing the people who drink here?  Anyhow, if you wanna hear crappy songs played by noodles, then  Oscars is your place!!Went here on a little date, it was a good time. The Beers are huge! Good thing for me I love PBR, cause it came in a flute! The prices were fine.
I was there on a thursday night, and we got a booth no problem which I always love. the bathrooms were clean (1 cool point) and it was a nice place to have conversation.
Would go back for sure.Oh Oscar's.  Two of my friends really like Oscar's so I was happy to give it a try.  By text I invited another friend to join us and she said, "I was once projectile vomited on at Oscars so no thanks."  This should have been a red flag.  Firstly I loved the bouncer.  Unlike the douchey body-builder jerks that are bouncers at most Center City bars, this was a friendly older guy in a tie dye shirt.  The decor is something out of another era--probably literally, it looks like they have not updated anything since 1974, but that is part of what I really liked about this bar.  The patrons were mostly too-drunk and in their mid 30s and above.  This is probably the least pretentious place I've been to in Center City.  Drinks are cheap, things are a little dingy, and you expect to find a bowling alley somewhere inside.  It is not flashy and stylish but I love that.  It's also not like a lot of places in the Fishtown area that try to recreate the vintage feel of Oscar's.  Oscar's is the real deal.
On the downside, the waitress was incredibly rude.  We waited at a booth for quite some time and no one came to serve us so my friends went to buy drinks at the bar.  The waitress finally appeared out of nowhere and said that the booth was "waitress service only."  Me and our other friend had not yet gotten a drink so I walked over to her to ask if she would be coming to our table or if I should go to the bar.  She rudely kept walking away from me as I tried to politely ask her.  She acted as if I was not even there.  After a long wait she did come and serve us but I was not at all happy with the way she treated me.Oscar's is your typical dive bar, nothing too special. When I came here with friends, we ordered drinks and a few appetizers. I got a daquiri, which was pretty delicious, but I couldn't finish because it was too sweet for me. We ordered nachos, but after an hour of waiting for them, the waitress apologized because she forgot to put our order in. She came back fifteen minutes later saying that they didn't have nachos anymore, so we settled for cheese fries. That took another 20 minutes to get the cheese fries. In the end they were your typical cheese fries, again nothing special.Had heard a lot about this place for a while. Finally checked it out and glad I did. Cheap drinks, cheap greasy fried food. Pitchers available, and what says dive more than that. Don't remember what night i went, but was pretty crowded. Still found a nice booth. I guess you could go alone, but it's better for two. It's the type of place that could be a small diner during the daytime in 1985.Oscar's is pretty awesome. If you are looking for a Phill Dive Bar? Come here. Cool place with TV's, Great Food and Cheap beer. The Crowd is an awesome mix of people. Some regulars, some locals just in for a beer and some out of towners. It makes for good convo with people and occasionally fun people watching. The staff are very friendly, which is a must. The beer is cold and cheap, my favorite! They have a good selection to choose from. Music is good here! Great place for moderate sized groups.
Overall. Come on in and experience a taste of Philly - you won't regret it.Although it's been some time since I was last there, I have many fond memories of Oscar's. The aroma of grease and fried food hits you immediately as you enter by the cooking station located by the front door. Narrow and long, the setup is a little difficult to navigate when the crowds fill the place. The prices on tall beers can't be beat, and this place has two things going for it that any good tavern should: the lighting is dim and the jukebox offers an excellent selection of music to match your drinking mood. A very worthwhile stop for beer and bar fare.jukebox... check
23oz LITs... check
creepers... check
too close for comfort with strangers... check check check
due to my deep love for conversations with strange strangers, this place gets 4 stars.Love this place. Calm, friendly and very very good value for money. Food is basic but decent.
Huge beer on draft just $6.50. Tiny entrance but goes back a good 40-50yds.
Just ordered a second beer and only $4.
Update : I'm here again in May '16 and still just as good. Consistency.If you're looking for the diamond in the ruff, that local dive with food you're going to consider moving to this city for...you MUST stop at Oscars. 
The wait staff if friendly, but not fake, "I'm working for a tip" friendly.  The Philly cheesesteaks here ARE the best in the area. 
Seriously, we tried them all. Oscars is IT!Great dive bar...one set of taps is your usual domestic offerings, one is a little more daring.  Good, attentive bartenders.  Cash only.
(haven't tried the food yet, but I'll report back when I do!)On my quest for the best dive in Philly, I stopped in Oscar's yesterday afternoon (Saturday) because I read about their huge long islands and...  well, we all know how I feel about my long islands!!
The long island is, in fact, HUGE!!  Not sure how many ounces, but...  its HUGE!!  Not sure how other people got their drink for $7 or $9, but ours was $13!!  Well worth it because, like I said, ITS HUGE!!  However, I still wanna know what's up with the cheaper prices lol
It was kinda dead when we walked in, but I'm guessing it was because of the time (around 1pm).  Our server was nice.  I think her parents may own the place.  The jukebox was pretty disappointing.  I liiiiiive for a great jukebox, but this one just didn't do much for me.  It was missing a ton of songs AND artists and each artist only had between 1-3 songs from each of their albums.  I put two dollars in and managed to play Bon Jovi, Eurythmics and Cage the Elephant, but other than that...  It was hard for me to get the party started the way I usually do.
Will I be back?  eh, maybe.  With other dives on my list to visit and Spice28 serving $5 long islands every day from 5pm until 7pm, I'm not in a hurry.*the best* What an amazing gem of a dive bar tucked away on Sansom street. Any place that plays "Come On Ride the Train" and serves $4.50 vodka tonics is alright with me. I can't think of a better spot for Friday evening happy hour. NO pretension, kind-hearted waitresses, and some regular characters scattered throughout. Bonus: either you can't smoke in there anymore, or the ventilation is amazing.Booths, crummy cheeseburgers, indoor smoking, any kind of person under the rainbow, shamelessness, and a pretty amazing jukebox are a few of my favorite things at Oscar's Tavern.  I love it.They lie about what they pour all the time. I ordered a dirty martini one night, they had olives but no olive juice? Huh? And rather then comming and asking me they just serve it incorrectly and walk away. I've also seen them pour well vodka when I ask for stoli. Shame. And if you haven't heard of the makers mark incident... google " oscars ... philadelphia... makers mark" that's a good story! I love dive bars... but this place just takes advantage of you. Bring your money elsewhere.Ah, Oscars, my favorite bar to frequent when I lived in Center City. I'm not a beer drinker so I couldn't take advantage of those tall glasses of beer this place is famous for. I love indulging in rum & coke and long island iced teas. The music is good, I think I've been there on nights where they've played a full Rage Against the Machine album. On the weekend, it's hard to walk in here, as the tables are all full and the bar is crowded with people. The booths in the back are my favorite, since the tables in the middle can make me feel claustrophobic and wary of sitting too close to strangers. The bar food is decent, it's hard to mess up chicken fingers, though.There's nothing really terrible about Oscar's, but I just can't bring myself to really like it.
We each got one of the tall beers for $3.50 a piece, which is a great deal. 
The pierogies were actually pretty good, but served on a styrofoam plate with a plastic fork. I don't really mind this, I just thought it was funny.
The bloody mary was good, but STRONG. Again, not a bad thing.
It did kind of smell like an old bathroom that had just been attempted to be cleaned.$6.50 for a 23 oz. of dogfish head ninety-minute IPA! compare that to $18 for the same amount at standard tap. great selection of beer, although the liquor selection is lousy and there are a lot of things like the dekuyper radioactive-colored/carcinogenic liqueurs (if you can call it that). one of a handful of bars i've ever been to that serves bombay dry gin (as opposed to sapphire).
can't say much for the crowd. it is a lively bunch, and very diverse, but i didn't really feel entirely comfortable engaging with the much drunker folks there.
will probably return soon.a tall larger for about 3 dollars!!!!! 
i'm coming back, def.Just an update - it was as great as it was the first time.  No image, no pretentiousness, just good fun.  Only thing required - a good personality.  Please no d-bags.Gotta love a dive bar with a friendly waitress. She didn't even give me attitude when I knocked over and broke one of their very tall beer glasses of which I had a few rounds of the $5 flying fish.
I wish I had known their kitchen closed around 10, cause I was hungry and really could have used a nice plate of fries.
It feels like my great uncles basement, only dingier and I don't have to sneak sips when the grown ups aren't looking. Also they have 1960 era place mats with old school cocktails on them. Very stylish - I just wish you could order off of it.I have the utmost respect for a place that only takes cash, serves 23oz beers, has an old school juke box (sadly they have replaced said juke box with a new digital one - oh well, the charm remains) and serves a good cheesesteak with a hot pepper or two on the side.  It's the type of place I feel comfortable walking into at 4pm or stumbling into at 1am.  If you like dark, cozy holes in the wall, then open that red door and stroll on in.My favorite bar in Philly. Such a lovely staff and atmosphere. If you don't check it out you're missing out bud!This bar is a great dive bar! When we came in the owner served us and was super nice an talkative! The staff is excellent and their tap selection is pretty good! Not a ton of food on the menu mostly the typical bar food. But try the perogies, they are awesome!
Just keep in mind that they only take cash and there is no ATM inside so you have to leave to get cash. The bill was so cheap that we were shocked....wine, 2 yuengling, and perogies for under $15...SWEET!
Overall, great hang out spot, very laid back, and we will be back soon!!Definition of a great dive bar. It smells weird, is a little outdated, and has the strangest mix of people. The bartenders are nice enough. The drinks are mad cheap (3.25 for 22oz) and the food specials are great. Cash only. I hear on Wednesdays they have Swag Night and that its pretty cool, but I've yet to go. Definitely on the to-do list.GIANT 3 DOLLAR DRAFTS.  LIKE 2 FEET TALL GIANT.
end review.Oscars is a great time.  Dive bar to the max.  Weathered and lived in seats, a bathroom that makes you want to bathe in bleach when you get home... what's not to love? I came here with  friends for some day drinking and when day turned to night, sobriety turned into "non-existent".  Tanya the bartender was super fun and seemed to know everyone.  Just what you want at your local dive.  Ask her for the Harrison drink- you won't be disappointed.  It's her speciality and will put you to bed. 
Can't wait to go back and get down with a bacon cheeseteak and wings.  I hear both are glorious.Wood paneling and Christmas lights on the wall. Water in a plastic cup. Yup. This place is local, dive, and gotta be authentic!! 
Three halves of cheesesteak for under 8 bucks and three dollar pints. Great deal in the city center!! Great people watching too. Bring cash. No cards accepted so plan accordingly.I have not been here since 1989!    I forgot where it was.   Many times in the 90's I went looking for it and I could'nt find it.    Then in 2006 on New Years Day  My friend and I ended up outside the place.    We were not too crazy about the line of drunken louts outside so we decided to go somewhere else.    I do recall getting drunk and having a discussion with some black guy about his teenage son doing well in school and not being  a thug.   , Almost 20 years later I hope the kid stuck with it.     Maybe he's a Dr..   As for the old black guy, I wonder if he's even alive anymore.Usually love this place but we put in $20 to the jukebox and they cut it off half way through. Not happy.Wow, rude service. Cool bar, but a waitress yelled at us for sitting at a table without checking with her first. And I mean *yelled.* It was my first time here and had no idea about the protocol, and I am happy to follow it, I just want to be treated with an ounce of respect. It's too bad this jerk had to ruin the experience because the bartender was so nice, as was the clientele. I would maybe return and try again because this is a good dive, but even for philly this was an exceptionally bad attitude from a waitress.I don't think I'm capable of saying anything that hasn't been said before.
This place is the foremost dive bar I can think of in Center City. This is where you want to go for cheap drinks. This is where you go for cheap,  food you could have made yourself but would rather someone else defrost and cook that burger and throw it onto a roll that was $1/doz.
If you're in the mood for cheap drafts and cozy laid-back atmosphere, then this is the place.This place seemed neither divey nor run down to me.  It is just not posh, which is great.  Down to earth waitress, big tables and booths are great for meeting a crowd of friends.  Super friendly seeming patrons.  I like that it was a diverse mix of folks, black and white, which isn't always the case in all establishments.  I don't go to bars often, but when I do, this is my new go-to.The best dive in center city.  Though there are really only two to choose from, the combination of Oscar's location as well as its class tall drafts gives it the crown.  Something about situating the perfect place to sit and have a beer between some of the most fist-pumpingly terrible bars on Sansom street makes it a stroke of genius.  Cheap beer, neon signs, and a jukebox that plays the top gun soundtrack round this place out as one of the best watering holes downtown.I had a really good time here. I was already 2.5 sheets to the wind when I got here with a margarita and lots of Saki under my belt. I ordered a Sam Adams Summer Ale, and my girlfriend ordered a Long Island Iced Tea. Out they came, both in these huge glasses. I think they were like 24 oz. I've never seen a mixed drink this huge. I don't recall everything from that evening but I think hers was the ridiculous price of like only 8 dollars or something. As I do with every new bar I encounter I thoroughly inspect the jukebox. It was pretty darn good for a dive, and it had one of my favorite Tom Waits albums "Small Change".  Among other stuff I played something from that album. This must of inspired me, because I was singing "The Piano has been Drinking(Not Me)" from that very album at National Mechanics by the end of the night.Everything that's been said about this place is absolutely spot on.  From the outdated decor to the crappy waitresses to the cheap beer/food.  Its the type of place that screams day drinkers welcome... and I love it!  I could have sat there all night drinking $3 - 23 oz Lagers and eating the addicting as crack pierogies.  Alas, the night was young and other adventures awaited.  But we will definitely be back and make a night of this old relic of a bar.I've never reviewed Oscar's?  Weird.  In a nutshell, it's one of the few places left in Philly that's got the simple, brass tacks, unpretentious, dive bar thing going on.  I know, I know the true dive aficionados would  tell you that a dive bar lets you smoke and is really dirty (like Dirty Frank's or McGlinchey's) but sometimes I don't wanna compromise my lungs just for cheap drinks.  That's where Oscar's comes in.  Great lager tall boy specials, cozy Cheers-style atmosphere, great bartenders with just the right amount of sass, and bar food that ain't too shabby.  I will always pick this as my go-to when other bar plans fail.I came here with a couple of friends to this hole in the whole bar. It was cheap but everything was rickety tables wobbling dirty bathrooms I guess people just come here for the cheap beers. Other than that everything was fine people were nice had a good times. Maybe I just didn't come on the right night Sunday was a bad idea.Cash only and dark drive, just what the doctor ordered.What I love about Oscars:
1. The 24 oz PBRs
2. The old school placemats depicting "classic" 60's cocktails
3. Mozzarella sticks
4. They'll let you watch Jeopardy if you ask nicely
5. Red "ambient" lighting
What I don't love about Oscars:
1. The bathrooms
2. Cash only
3. The rest of the food is questionable, but what did you expect? Stick to the drinks.
4. The new digital juke boxI will give it 4 stars even though i just walked in , looked around and left.  Reason I left, it was very local and I was looking for something different.  Looking around it seemed like a great dive bar for a group of 3 or 6, it seemed like a great place to get sloppy drunk.  divey perfect.   I would go back, but I would bring a few friends too.WHile the bar it self it great, (I do like dive bars) the cash only and no ATM is quite aggravating, probably would not want to bother coming back.What a bar should be,but, be forewarned that they carded at the door during my last visit. Apparently it's common practice now for Thursday-Saturday. Had to venture back to South Philly &  drink elsewhere.The seedy interior is glorious and the crowd I diverse to say the least... Biker guys sitting next to you college students sitting next to a couple on a date. It was awesome. If you would like to go somewhere with an upscale atmosphere to impress someone, this is not for you. However, if you'd like to get a little buzz on for cheap with a very genuine group, this could definitely satisfy that need.
It's up there with Dirty Frank's as a Philly staple. So bummed I only got here for the first time in my 20's.
PS- Get the Long Island and the pierogis. They ain't no joke.Look, I get that this is a dive bar, so my expectations were not very high. However, I also did not expect to be ignored or treated as a nuisance by the waitstaff. The very nature of a business is to sell goods and/or services to your clients who, in turn, provide you with the means by which to assure the lights still turn on the next day. I have a modicum of places where I can spend my money and I'll choose whichever of them I please. Regarding Oscar's: I choose to vote with my wallet and go elsewhere. Service always matters and hiding behind the label of "dive bar" does not absolve you of the basic responsibilities you have to your customers (you know, like acknowledging their existence). I shouldn't have to tell you this. Yikes.I would give it two stars because the food was good until I look around, the place is too dirty, the ceiling is over grown with mold. the bathroom look and smell like they never been clean. don't sit your pocket book down your sure to bring home unwanted guest, roaches are in the booth sits!! beware. and one of the waiters has a nasty Attitude.Dear Oscars, you are my heart. If it was my last drunken night on Earth, I would spend it with you.My favorite five bar in Philly l. Drinks are cheap, service is great. The food can't be beat for the price. I recommend coming here here anytime you are in the city!Decent bar, reminded me of a bar j go to regularly at home. We went for the food but the fryer wasn't working. We stayed and had a beer while we watched the game. The juke box was fun, but when it wasn't in use there was absolutely no music, that was a bummer.Chill ass dive bar. Great to hang out with friends and have drinks.Oscar's is great. The beers are huge and are only 3 bucks. They have a great sandwich menu and most of the sandwiches are no more than 5 bucks. You can get a load on and have a great meal here for around ten dollars. Decor and sometimes surely service behind the bar...not the waitresses...aside, anywhere where 10 bucks gets you that much is a-ok in my book.Great place for cheap beers in Philly. Bartenders were super friendly, service was fast. Delicious bar food to soak up all your drinks as well. Bar is cash only, signs all over the place saying so. There is no atm at the bar but one on the corner of 16th, bartender was helpful and pointed us in the right direction!Wanna get blasted on the cheap before stumbling elsewhere?  This is one of the better spots on a pitifully small list of decent bars in Center City.  23oz Yuengling in baseball bat glasses for three and a quarter.  $9 long island ice teas in the same damn baseball bat glass.  I watched the bartender pour it, definitely not stingy, definitely will wreck you.  She said it's pretty gross, I agreed but really I was kinda despondent to the fact that it's something I shouldn't have during the workweek.  Food?  From freezer to fryer.  However, you'll be too blitzed to care.
Note: Don't waste your change playing Bohemian Rhapsody here, it's gonna get played at least 5 times during the course of the night, so pick something else.I have never eaten here, at least that I can recall, probably for the better. I usually order drinks from the bar, since the place is so packed the one or two unfortunate waitresses working might not be seen again till next year.
That said this is the best dive bar in the area (no insult to McGillin's Olde Ale House, love Mickies, but its too frat boy/ collegy for a permanent dive), and the last hold out before yuppies replaced all the dives with Ladder 15, Time, Opa and Barra Rossa.
Its kinda like a younger crowd but run-down less hygienic version of Cheers, "Where everybody knows your name..." well kinda, the hippie looking bouncer likely does not know my name, but its warm and welcoming. Maybe its the green Christmas lights that they put up daily that makes it so jovial. 
If you like charming dive bars with character, Oscar's is it. When you go in, make sure you request their house craft beer. It has 23 oz craft beer from PBR.My 1st trip to Oscars was on a Dive Bar Bar Crawl and it was awesome.  The beers are cheap and large.  It has that divey basement type feel too it.  Kind of hidden look to the outside and when exciting if it sunny your eye need some readjustment time since its got a dim light atmosphere.  I've been back a few time and think this place is great.If you're looking for a small dive bar, check out Oscar's. They don't take cards or an ATM, so come with cash. Cheap beer for Philly and surprisingly good mixed drinks. Waitresses were helpful and attentive.Everything I ever wanted to say about Oscar's I says it here: 
I really, truly don't want to spill the beans. No, I really don't want to tell you about the 24 ounce beers for three dollars. Or the ashtrays that get more butt than the Jonas Brothers, even after this bullshit "Smoke Free Philly" nonsense. You don't need to hear about the great selection from the classic jukebox, or the fact that the entire bar will sing along if you choose the right song. I can't tell you how many glasses are smashed on the floor each night, and how much the crowd gets riled up in the glass menagerie. I'll keep mum about the huge long island iced teas that, for 9 dollars, will make you slip off your bar stool. If I tell you, you'll go. And if you go, it won't be the cool ass, tight knit bar my friends and I know and love. If you go, maybe Oscar's will turn trendy; maybe they will up their prices and clean the bathrooms and start carding at the door. But if you read this review and find anything I just wrote even remotely enticing, I guess I can count you out of the yups around Center City; shit, maybe we could even get a beer sometime.
(Not for Tourists Guide to Philadelphia, http://ww.notfortourists.com/viewRadar.aspx?city=PH&radarID=24732)$3 for 22 oz. of lager or $6 for 22 oz. of Guiness. Oh, and $3 Manhattans.
Plus some ridiculously good onion rings. (But I'm not sure I'd eat anything else there.)
If you can overlook the film of grease on everything and your wallet is feeling a bit light, go to Oscar's.
They still allow some clandestine smoking, too.
Best part is their drink picture menu placemats.  I try to order a new thing every time I go.Im a sucker for yuengling and oversized glasses, this dive does that combo for 4$. Expect year round Christmas lights, wobbly stools, and unpretentious drinking.Cheap, dirty, rough.
All describe Oscar's Tavern.
Staff is friendly, can get busy on the weekends.Came here for a quick beer with co-workers on our lunchbreak after visiting Jay's next door. Cracked leather bar stools, a 70something year old daytime bartender, a chef singing to Journey, and a $7.25 23oz blue moon = best Friday lunch ever.My girlfriends and I had the best time here when we were visiting from out of town. I should mention I love a good dive. Also, the crowd is diverse, so you know everyone loves this place. The beers are cheap, there is a jukebox, and I was pumped to find out that they serve great cheesesteaks, bc I thought I was going to have to leave Philadelphia without having tried one, until I noticed the local gentleman next to me eating one; he assured me they were as good as any of the famous places, and I was not disappointed!Whereas most resturants and bars in Center City gives off a modern, swanky, high class vibe, Oscar's is one if the few places that are divey, but hey, there's absolutely nothing wrong with a dive that serves cheap food and drinks so long as they're good, and Oscar's did not dissappoint.The chicken strips, crab fries, and pierogis were all bomb as well as the screwdrivers I ordered back to back. 
There was a bit of a wait before we could order, because it was super packed due to it being right after CDC Sips, and there was only one waitress. We didn't mind though, and I musy say she was really working the whole bar front to back, kudos to her!
Overall, Oscar's is a good hangout spot to grab a drink or a snack with friends.not much to say except huge beers for a few dollars. it just kicks ass.i love this bar. 
however, i dont drink so dont continue reading this review in hopes of it being helpful.
i love this bar bc its dark but has enough bad lighting for good people watching. it has plenty of sad weirdos, tired business men/women, and kids who read NYLON to make the crowd interesting. music is good and loud. food is greasy. service is rude but in a good natured way. but my favorite thing about this bar are the placemats... yes, the placemats. they are made of paper with drawings of different drinks on them and the drinks' names. fantastic. i make people play the game "what drink am i thinking of?" with me while they're getting drunk. it's like "20 Questions" but you can only use the placemat drink drawings as a referrence. "Does it have a cherry in it?... Is it in a small glass?... Will it get me laid?".... and so on.Waitress was rude to my group and asked us to leave before we had a chance to order. When I stayed and asked her to explain her rudeness she shouted at me that she needed the table for other customers. We were planning on ordering drinks and food, but we won't be coming back to Oscar's. 
Bartender says the waitresses' brother owns the place.If you want a deal dive bar (and I mean that in the best way), this is the place for you. An ENORMOUS lager can be had for a couple of buck's. I'd steer clear of the food though. If you're hungry eat at Wawa first.This bar is so great.  The change of pace from the usual center city scene is so refreshing here. This is THE perfect dive bar!  So laid back and unpretentious.This place fit me like Cinderella's slipper fit that damn Disney princess. Between the cheap beer that just kept coming, the jukebox that played songs I haven't heard in years and the heart-attack inducing french fries, I was in love from the moment I walked through the door. Of course, it probably didn't hurt that iI was with a group of about 10 of my awesome Yelp friends, but hot damn, it was a glorious party. The waitress called us "honey" (I'm a sucker for that) and it got louder and louder the later it got. Oh, and it was only Tuesday. Now if that isn't a ringing endorsement for a dive bar, then I don't know what is. Just remember that when you wake up the next morning with your new gang name written on your inner thigh in sharpie. 
Oscar's is totally my new crush.When you walk in and immediately smell overflowed toilet, you know that you entered the one and only Oscars. Although this place truly defines a dive bar, two long islands the size of big gulps @ $7 each (I believe that is what they cost) is an amazing deal. Waitresses are not attentive nor pleasant, but they deal with some rather interesting characters all day and evening. Go to Oscars when you are too exhausted to fight for a seat and too broke to drink at all. 
Warning: Order food at your own risk.Look up 'All American Dive-Bar' in the dictionary, and you will see a pictures from inside Oscar's. It's dark, the booze is cheap, the foods good and there are plenty of characters saddled up at the bar. The day of light dare not seep into such a place
I came here for no particular reason and left buzzed and full on a weekday afternoon. The Yuengling Black & Tan on tap flowed freely and the shitty well whisky coated the bar. I ordered a  cheeseteak. Five minutes later a woman yells across the bar "WHAT KINDA CHEESE". I felt it would be rude to return her question with another so I shouted PROVOLONE!. 
It was f******g good. Delicious even. It was too dark to really see it so I can't comment on if it was beautiful too. But that doesn't matter. 
Come here, get blitzed at 2pm. You know you want to.Very cool and authentic dive bar.Divey in the best way. Great prices and I love the tall pint glass deal. The kitchen had just closed before we arrived but the food smelled and looked delicious/ plates were empty. It was crowded because of the DNC but I can't wait to visit Philly again and come back here. 
CASH ONLY.A very good beer and shot bar. Beware it is a cash only location without an ATM. It doesn't completely take away from it, but it can be inconvenient if you aren't aware or it. Typically multiple beers on tap with a low key crowd. Just typically full of locals in the area. 
Great bar if you are looking for a dive bar but still want to be in a good part of the city.Was staying in the area for a concert and our hotel was by this place after looking on Yelp.  Would not recommend, I don't know why this place gets such good reviews. We went in, ordered a couple drinks, took out my card but was told it is cash only.  No big deal except there isn't even an ATM in the bar.  Annoyingly walked like 5 blocks to a close ATM, came back and was told it was 40 bucks for 2 shots of crown and 2 vodka tonics. I am used to going out to bars in big cities, but for a supposed "dive bar" seems pretty overpriced, skip this place and go to a nicer bar in the area.Best Dive Bar in Philly
This was a Yelp find.  I used to like McGillans, but Oscar's has seriously surpassed it in the dive bar realm.  This true dive has decor from at least 30 years ago, check.  They serve pretty good greasy bar food to soak up the alcohol, check.  The servers and bartenders were super friendly and surprisingly attentive, check.  Cheap drinks, check.  Not too crowded, check.
So if your reading this remember, especially ladies, this is dated dive bar.  You go to this establishment to get drunk.  You don't need to get all dolled up and shouldn't go if you prejudge people.  
Friendly, awesome, no frills dive bar that has stood the test of time.  Please Oscar never change.  I will never go to Philly again and not stop in.  
ThanksI must have walked by this place a dozen or so times when I used to work in center city.  Didn't think much of it.  Was just introduced to it this past weekend and loved it.  Cheap beer and cheap food.  They had $3.75 for 23oz domestic drafts all night, I think.  I got the Oscar burger which was a standard hockey puck with cheese, lettuce and tomato for five bucks and change.  They got some tvs, a little bit of space and a touch tunes. What more do you want.
If you're looking for an awesome dive bar in Philly, this is it.Great dive bar, cheap beers super nice staff BRING CASH no tabs allowed good to know, must be a Philly thing!Awesome dive bar in center city. Emphasis on dive. Cheap drinks and decent french fries, its a great place to start the evening.How is it that I have lived here for over 1.5 decades and have not been to Oscar's?! Disappointment in myself aside, I luuurrrrved this place. A and I went last night on a total whim. I was just going to get a beer but then when I looked at their awesomely priced snack menu, I was all about nachos and cheese fries. And like while these were not the best notchers in the city, they were pretty damn good for $4.50. But the fries. OMG. They were like double fried or something which made them extra crispy. And they sat in a pool of super hot melted cheese. The waitress was as sweet as a pitcher of southern tea and the vibe excellent until what seemed to be the entire Wharton School of Business all decked out in suits and fancy dresses (?) descended into the bar out of nowhere. Aside from that, LOVE.Oh Oscar's. You sure know how to make a visitor feel welcome. I was in Philly for about a week and a half and I think I hit up Oscar's about five times. The staff and clientele were so laid back and relaxed, and they really made me feel like I was at home.
Cheap
Not too crowded
Fast service
Decent food
SUPER rad to have a dive like this in an area that (based on what I can tell) seems kind of overpriced and pretentious (keep in mind that i live in dive bars so almost everything is pretentious to me). It seems like it's the haven for locals in an area that's full of tourists.
One night, some friends and I actually left another bar because it was too overpriced and obnoxious just to come to Oscar's. We are girls with class ok!
Have to knock a star off because it's 2013 and folks are still trying with this cash only mess? Oh hell no. What do I look like, someone who jetpacked here out of 1975? They are definitely busy enough and get enough business to be able to handle credit cards, so STEP IT THE F UP OK!!
See you next time, OscarsI dig this place.  Tall beers at reasonable prices, including PBR on tap!  Crappy TVs, unhealthy bar food, a 400 lb. bartender guy...  what else do you want from a dive bar?  Too cool for school?  Go hang with the yuppies down the road at Ladder 15.  Oscar's ain't fancy, it's the real deal.This place gets 4 stars ONLY because of the giant 10$ margaritas where they don't skimp in the alcohol and the comp pretzels .. Came here after pole dancing class one night and I must say any place that gives me margaritas that large and doesn't water them down is a okay for me... But only if you're looking to chill .. And don't mind the annoying smoking insideOscar's does dive bar to near perfection.
Patrons of all walks of life. Food served on paper plates. Cheap 23oz draft beers. Paper placemats. Stellar service from ladies older than my mom. Crappy jukebox. Smells peculiar.
If you're looking for a true divey experience, or are short on cash and want to get drunk, or just need a dark, loud place to drink after work, Oscar's is perfect. And they don't care if you spill your beer!I used to frequent this bar back when I was in the hardcore scene. But if you show up looking clean cut be prepared to be treated like shit by some bitchy bartenders. Too bad. I won't be going back there anytime soon.I used to like this place but went recently and was appalled by how terrible the wait staff and service was.  The waitresses were rude and obnoxious, and were completely unhelpful.  Place was overcrowded, beer got spilled constantly on people.  Way better bar options in the area, if you can avoid Oscar's, do.If you're a local and have never been here, shame on you! If you're visiting Philadelphia, stop by. Bring cash. Ask for Bill. He's the best!If you need to drink in Center City (I generally prefer not to) this is one of the best. Dirty, dingy, cheap and dirty. And cheap. I have to say that sometimes the beer lines aren't clean. Sometimes there is shady ish going on. Sometimes it's the best place you have been in a while. A welcome breath of fresh air in an area where the bars often lack soul.Oscar's is definetly the place to be these days, with cheap beer ( 3 dollars for a 23oz is just utter madness) good food ( even tho people try to deny it ) and friendly service..we even had a trivia contest one day....definetly a good place for lunch, which is when i go...dont really have a downside...good prices, good food, good brews...GOOD TIMES!Love this place. Calm, friendly and very very good value for money. Food is basic but decent.
Huge beer on draft just $6.50. Tiny entrance but goes back a good 40-50yds.
Just ordered a second beer and only $4.Cash only dive bar with great prices.  I can't believe I didn't know about the whole $3.50 for 24 ounce beers deal.  Not going to be a regular spot, but when looking for something casual to just chill with friends and put a few back, this is a great option.  I think it would also make for a good pre-gaming spot before going somewhere a little nicer.  The 24 ounce long islands are dirt cheap as well.My favorite pair of flip-flops may thin with wear but gosh darn Oscars doesn't. One might not realize but while drinking at Oscars you are sitting alongside greatness - the many men and women who cook & serve you food. It reminds me a bit of the bars I grew up in, in Fishtown, sans the occassional stare or drunk bloke who asks why you didn't go to "insert name here 's Beef N Beer." Funny, last visit I was seated next to a gal who grew up a few blocks from me. We compared accents and argued over who makes the best peirogies. After my visit that night I overslept for my lunch shift the next day.
Brilliant!I Love a Good Dive Bar and this one checked all the boxes!!  Cash Only-Check; Cheap Beer/Drinks-Check; Greasy Bar Food-Check; Torn Bar/Booth Seats-Check; Good Jukebox-Check; Inappropriate conversations shared amongst random folks sitting near each other-Check & Diverse Patrons (young college kids to the ol' head neighborhood bar fly) - All these ingredients make a pretty cool place to hang out!!  
The barmaid was friendly and recommended the Long Island Ice Tea...Maybe next time.  I say check it out and have fun!This is a little hole in the wall that we found when wandering out of the Christmas Village, bellys full of Brats and in need of a beer. Everyone was super friendly, the bartender especially, and eclectic gal with tons of charm! We had a ton of fun. Prices were cheap, and we weren't shunned for not being local regulars.It is impossible to attend this establishment and not leave absolutely blindingly inebriated. Unfortunately the only liquor of which you can get 4 shots for 20$ is peach schnapps, which may be a contributing factor.oh, oscar's....what the hell happened to you?? from whence the hipsters, jocks and shitty dj cometh?
and, more importantly, when do they go backeth?
let me know when you're back to your old, grubby, uncrowded self, 'cos i'll be there with bells and my drinkypants on.Was pretty chill for a Tuesday night. Knocked back a few beers. Only down-side is the cash-only payment style. Other than that, I def. recommend it for cheap drinks!Oscars is the best dive bar in the city.  There are a few things you need to know before going into Oscars's Tavern:
1.  They don't take cards.  This usually would annoy me, but trust me... you won't be spending too much money here.  Which brings me to my next point...
2.  $3 GIANT beers all day every day.  I think they're 22oz.  All I know is that one of these and I'm good to go for a while... from $3.  Don't come expecting fancy cocktails or craft beer.  Get a Yuengling or Miller Light and be happy with that.
3.  The service here is friendly, they will leave you alone to hang out so don't be shy about asking for more beer when you need it.
4.  While the service is good, the atmosphere is exactly that of a dive bar.  It's a little gross.  Small.  Dark.  It smells like old beer and fried food (which they DO have cooking up right in the front... YUM!).  
If you take Oscars for what it is, it's a freakin' awesome place to be.  Enjoy the cheap beer in a casual bar and go somewhere else to impress your friends.Great hot beef n cheese n horseradish. Cold beer a plus. Ripped seats, dirty bathroom and smell of stale beer. All add up to an excellent dive bar.$3.50 DFH IPA 60 and onion rings while watching the game with a friend after a night of dancing (or before). Perfect.
That being said, while I give Oscar's a huge plus for attracting a wide mix of people, that obviously includes people who are too loud or obnoxious. Otherwise, you do good, OT.