Pretty simple review, because we had a pretty simple dinner:
Food: 2 of us shared wild Alaskan salmon pastrami with pickled red onion and rhubarb salad and one Parma pizza. Salmon pastrami sounded interesting and delivered on taste. Really fresh and left you hungry for more. The pizza was exactly as good as everyone says. Great ingredients, perfect crust, and served at the perfect temp. 
Service: Our waiter was kind, attentive, and put up with our indecisive mentality. Also, the drink menu was displayed on an iPad, which was pretty unique and memorable. 
Ambiance: Perfect space with casual but refined feeling. Could be perfect for really any occasion, or just to grab a quick bite.
Bottom line: I'm definitely coming back.Definately the best Italian Restraunt That I have been to in Philly,
Suggest that you start with the Wood grilled Octopus, that was the highlight of the evening.Recently dined here for a date night out- the atmosphere and ambience was beautiful and trendy. Our waiter(s) were attentive (we had multiple employees come to our table and take orders/deliver food, not quite sure who was our actual server), but service itself was slow. The entire dinner took about 2 hours. I ordered the Chicken alla Grigla and it was okay, my boyfriend ordered the rabbit and loved it. The insalata misticanza is just romaine lettuce and balsamic vinegar- don't waste your money. I ordered the palazzo malgara, nerello mascalese terre siciliane igt 2015 wine and it was absolutely amazing- definitely a great wine. Lastly- the artisinal cheese board was fabulous- I would 10/10 recommend the cheese board.Great food.  Good service.  My wife and I had our anniversary dinner here and really enjoyed the experience and the food.  I had the tuna steak and sausage, which was perfect.I went here on a business dinner with co-workers. We were a group of 5. Our waiter was VERY nice and precise when it came to taking our wine orders and explaining the menu. We ordered the antipasta portioned out for 5. It was delicious and we were all impressed. However, from there our service started to decline. I believe it was a problem in the kitchen because our waiter kept apologizing for the wait. When our food finally came out my dish felt a little luke warm like it has been sitting out for a while- I ordered the halibut with mussels. The dish came with mushrooms and some kind of sauce. I was a little full from the antipasta so I only took a couple of bites of the fish which was cooked perfectly but would have been better it is was warmer. Something on the dish was a little too salty- I think it may have been either the mussels or sauce.  All in all it was a decent experience- I'd like to go back and try again.Have been a fan for a long time, but haven't been there in quite a while. On a recent visit to Philly, I made my way there and was not disappointed.  Sat at the bar and my bartender was attentive and knowledgeable.  Had the marinara pizza which was excellent and the meat plate which was as good as I remembered (the mustardo honey with a mustard spice to it and artichoke makes the plate.)  I had the gnocchi for dinner and it was pretty good as well.  I still feel like the price is fair for the quality and service and I will certainly keep it in my rotations when visiting Philly again.My fiancé and I are new to the area and were excited to try out an Italian restaurant near us. We are also on the hunt for a wedding venue and thought this restaurant may have had potential. We were very disappointed with the quality the food. We ordered the crab gnocchi and the Francobolli Ravioli- the gnocchi was drenched in butter and salt and the crab tasted like it came from a can. As far as the ravioli it was similarly salted and each ravioli hardly had any filling. The service was perfectly fine and the atmosphere was pleasant, but the food was pricey and simply not good! We got takeout from whole foods after we left. I'd skip this place if looking for some good Italian food.Great appetizers, great service, great food...but two pasta dishes were just too salty: spaghetti with calamari and the bucatini.  The other food (pizza and cavatelli) were just right.  Not  sure what's up with the salt.
We've been here many times, and the place is finally more relaxed.  Or rather, the customers coming in are more relaxed.  Families were eating, people in shorts, old, young...More like an osteria.Pizza - pretty good
Marinated veggies - really good- somewhat small
stamp pasta - really good but way too small for a meal (don't get it).
Bread of course is brought to the table - AWESOME!
Waitress had a great sense of humor.  Gave one of our guys a hard time which so too funny.  Definitely would return.
If you have never tried octopus, this is the place to get it.  It was really good and tender.I finally made it to Osteria after four years of living in Philadelphia.  I would not say that it is the best pizza in Philly . . . I will say that it is a fantastic dining experience.  I love the space, and I love the noise and bustling on a Saturday night.  
It has been a long time since I've eaten in a restaurant in Philadelphia where I've literally wanted to try every item on the menu.  I was so overwhelmed by the amazing menu selections; so we will have to go back so I can try the things we missed.
We started with the lombarda pizza which was actually my least favorite of the dishes we tried, hence Osteria not having the best pizza in Philly.  We moved from the pizza to the wood-grilled octopus, which was delicious, and cooked perfectly.  For the entree, I got the canestri with braised short ribs.  This dish was perfection.  I would recommend that anyone dining at Osteria try this.  I wanted to order a second order of it . . . but opted for dessert instead.  
What really makes this place special, however, and merits a paragraph of its own is the service.  I have NEVER experienced such wonderful service in all my dining in Philadelphia.  The service was such a step above other places, that I felt like the bulk of our dinner conversation focused on just how excellent the service was.The most tender, flavorful homemade pasta and pizzas. Suckling pig special was delightful. Prompt service. Beautiful atmosphere. Get the Vetri experience without the $700 bill.Yikes. I thought the food was tasty, but quite small. The pheasant ravioli was more cheese than pasta or meat and my mother-in-law found two bones in her wild hare dish.  The pizza was good, although the outside edge of the crust was burnt and the egg in the center was a bit cold. However, all the food did taste quite good. All flavorful and elegant in its presentation.
The service, however, was quite strange.  The man who took our coats was really warm and friendly. The restaurant was pretty quiet when we were there because it was a Wednesday at around 5:30, but there seemed to be about 10 wait people looming around and gawking at the patrons in groups, which left me feeling uneasy.  The waiter was a bit snotty and definitely cold towards us.  I felt uncomfortable there, like I wasn't a welcome patron.  It was just a "feeling," not really founded on anything specific necessarily, but not one I've experienced at other fine dining places. Perhaps I'm used to Steven Starr's bright colors and playful, dramatic decor...but then again, I've been to more than a fair share of "fab" places similar in decor as Osteria (Mario Battali's "Otto."! I love that place!) and not felt like I was being judged for my reactions to the food and the choices I made on the menu. (My mother-in-law complimented the waiter on the sweet breads and said, she wished they were a bit larger, and he was somewhat defensive.)
Perhaps it is because I'm not into spending a ton of money if  I'm going to leave with my belly a bit rounder.   If you're after a satisfying meal, I'd suggest a different locale (For amazing pizza and pastas in another beautiful restaurant, I'd recommend Illuminare on Fairmount Ave between 24th and 23rd) And it won't break the bank either!They have the best gelloto. Marscapone and olive oil was out of this world. Served in a silver cut that kept the last bite as good as the first because it kept the consultancy perfect. The bass was great.Went to Osteria for a nice romantic dinner and it was so worth the wait! We have been longing to try this place for a long time but for whatever reason just never made the reservation. First off the place is huge! There is so much seating and yet it's still hard to get a seat there on a Saturday night. The inside is beautiful with nice wood tables and a non-distracting view of the kitchen. 
We started with a pizza (everyone raves about the pizza and rightfully so) - the Parma pizza with arugula, mozzarella, fontina, and prosciutto. The crust was perfect the toppings light and fresh and it makes me want to recreate it right this moment. Even though the pizza was large enough for an appetizer we couldn't resist getting the octopus. It was so nicely seasoned with a citrus dressing over arugula and perfectly cooked. 
For the entrees I decided to get the candele pasta with wild boar bolognese. The waiter recommended the 1/2 portion since I was already feeling rather full. My companion chose the special which was a spit roasted pig and he got a piece of the shoulder, skin and leg. Both of our entrees were great. We finished with a banana puff pastry dessert thingy which was yummy but we were stuffed at that point. 
I know Osteria has a great wine list lots of rare and wonderful bottles but frankly the wine by the glass is a bit outrageously priced (something like $15 a glass). It would be nice if there was a range in the glass prices. 
The really nice thing about Osteria is that it doesn't have to be an expensive dinner, you really can come and get a pizza, split a pasta dish, and be good for the night. I'll definitely be back, just might keep it to one glass of expensive wine :)Fantastic meal--we loved everything we had and wished we could have come back for the second night of our stay. The wood grilled octopus was amazing as was the beet and goat cheese pasta.  Wine list was lovely--found a great Nebbiollo at a good price point.  Veal loin and baby pig specials were outstanding. Loved the veggie platter. Pizza was simply amazing.
My only criticisms were on the service side.  We felt pretty rushed (we had an early pre-concert rezzie at 5:45 so maybe they were trying to ensure we moved along for the dinner rush later?).  But we started with a $70 bottle of wine and that usually  slows things down a bit with the server, but it didn't, especially at the outset.  We had to pace it ourselves.  I have a personal pet peeve against restaurants wanting to take my full order all at once. Especially with a menu as interesting and diverse as this one. In fairness, maybe she thought we were in a rush for the concert, but I would suggest you just ask if we are in a hurry for an event like many restaurants do here in Chicago when you dine before 7 or 8.
Also, our server was not as friendly as I would have expected from the reviews.  She was definitely attentive but not warm or overly helpful on the menu. My daughter was struggling a bit with questions about the spiciness of a pizza ingredient and we came up with the idea to only put it on half to try it.   A little more help from the server as to comparisons with other foods would have been useful.  
Felt like we needed a little more engagement with the table to make it a 5-star night, especially given the money we dropped that night.
That said, great meal, in fact one of the best we have had!The food was not so good. The calamari salad was overly salty, tough and tasted like bacon. Our server was very slow. All this and super pricey. 
Although the atmosphere was lovely and people were polite, we will not be going back.Great fun food.  Had a superb server that went out of her way to locate a great wine for us.  Food consistently good. Great city atmosphere. We will come back.Had a great first experience at Osteria tonight.  I'm not usually blown away by the interior/decor of a restaurant, but everything about Osteria- from the wall of wine boxes, to the windowed ceilings, to the exposed brick walls- is impressive.  Our server, Zeke, was equally impressive- he made a great wine recommendation (Sangiovese), and was able to explain several of the dishes in great detail.  Specifically, he described one fo the nightly specials (a cabbage-stuffed papparedelle) in such a way that I could almost visualize it before ordering.  Our plan for the night was to share an app and a pizza, so we ended up with the grilled octopus, squid ink cavatelli, and the lombarda-- all of which were amazing.  The ragu with the cavatelli was incredible, but I have to say the octopus was my favorite dish of the night.  It was perfectly grilled (Zeke explained that its tenderness is due to 4 hours of braising), and had a nice charcoal- crispness about it.  I will absolutely be trying other Vetri restaurants soon!!We went to Osteria a little while back for a special occasion with my parents. I LOVE Vetri so I have been wanting to go to Osteria for a long time since it was Marc Vetri's newest venture. And, of course, that means I compared Osteria to Vetri in every way. I was a little bit disappointed. The atmosphere is warm and inviting but they pack you in there. The tables are on top of each other, I definitely felt like commenting on the conversation going on next to us. As for the food, it was great, but not excellent. Honestly, I cannot remember one dish specifically to tell you to try. I didn't love it and that could be because we did not have any pizza, and that is what the place is known for!
Not that I am an expert because the more I see about it, the more I feel like I have to give Osteria another shot. It was nominated by the James Beard Foundation as the Best New Restaurant in 2008, Philly Mag named it the best restaurant in Philadelphia and Marc Summers called their Margarita Pizza the best thing he ever ate on the Food
Network. Bottom line, it's no Vetri but worth the trip to North Philly.Pizza - truffle, buffalo mozzarella, corn
App - butter poached lobster, buffalo mozzarella, chilled corn soup
Dinner - grilled halibut, oysters, roasted chanterelles
Dessert - hazelnut gelato
Split a few items from each section of the menu versus ordering two dinners if eating with someone. Everything is great and worth trying several different things.Classic Italian comfort foods done right.  The pizza was thin and crispy with great prosciutto and cheese.  We slip a special lobster paste that was perfectly done with just a little heat to the dish.  I ended with the rabbit over a nice creamy polenta.  The only poor execution was that the side of polenta my wife order had a very strong wood smoke flavor that was not appealing at all.  They finished it in the wood burning oven which just takes over the polenta.  The waiter quickly took care of us though with another choice but we were full already so they took it off the bill without question.   Great service from this nice but loud location.This is what Italian food should be.  Definitely try several pasta dishes and don't be afraid of its ingredients.  The potato gnocchi were made by the world's best pasta chefs, the service was exquisite and the manager, I think his name was Ben, is the most charming and nicest person I have met in years.As a fan (maybe even groupie) of Vetri, Osteria is a place that we're able to visit more regularly than it's pricey counterpart. Some of the freshest, most delicate pasta I've ever had. The pizzas, charcuterie plates, and desserts are delicious.The Silician lemonade (made with limoncello) is the best cocktail I've ever had and perfect for those who don't like to taste the alcohol in your drinks.
While it's hard to get a table without a reservation, they usually have bar seating available which works well for a party of 2 in the mood for great food without having had planned too far ahead for it.
Marc Vetri (and his staff) are amazing, talented and completely worthy of all the praise (multiple Best of Philly's) received recently.
Final thoughts...
Go there for consistently excellent service, chic rustic ambience, and forward-thinking Italian cuisine. And, it won't break the bank.One of the best restaurants in Philly. We went there to celebrate our 10 yr anniversary and this place was so worth it. We had the pizza, postage stamps pasta & the ribeye. All excellent. I recommend this place to everyone who loves & knows food. From one restaurant owner to another you know your stuff from food to operation. Great Job!!!!!Great wine, immaculate service, subpar food.  The pastas were very good but the rooster ravioli was in a gravy that looked very unappetizing (but tasted great).  The Spanish mackerel app was ok--it was served with a little "salad"/vinaigrette as well as a mayonnaise-type sauce that was not to my liking.  I think I'd rather have Spanish mackerel at Zama--very personal preference.  The bolognese sauce is very good, again doesn't look very appetizing but tastes great.  Perhaps I should've tried one of the pizzas.  The rabbit over polenta was just ok.  I'm not a big fan of polenta but I thought if I was ever going to give it another chance, it would be at a place like Osteria.  Made reservations for Vetri so hopefully they will be better and justify the hefty price tag.Another one of my favorite restaurants. You really can't go wrong with Vetri. Osteria offers traditional Italian food with a gourmet twist. All their pasta is made fresh and their sauces are rich in flavor. I also recommend the ribeye. The atmosphere is romantic and the wine is delicious. Absolutely love this place.The stars are adjusted for my expectation that the dining experience would be phenomenal ... But I thought the food was good but not out of this world good. Maybe it is because I went there w a large group w pre-selected menu... 
Also did not love the Parma pizza... It's basically prosciutto and arugula on dough... Maybe I am a traditionalist, but much preferred the margherita. 
Next time, I will try the pastas not covered in cheese and butter...I don't have much to say because everyone else said so many great things.
But I want to add this: the pizza here will make you cry tears of joy.  Then, when you are finished your angelic pizza, you will cry again because it is gone.sorry philly!!! average at best.  All i ever hear about is the marc vetri genius with pasta and other italian specialties.  Made reservations for friday night while in town for a concert.  We ordered the lamb sausage, fried ipswich clams, a pizza(not memeorable) and the spaghetti chittarra with rabbit bolognese and truffle split between 2.  The lamb sausage was 1 link of sausage cut into four pieces with a smear of pesto & 2 baby potato.  Tasted ok, portion sucked, could of been any kind of meat nothing to write home about.  Fried clams, 4 fried clams, thats right 4 fried clams on top of room temperature soup, clams where good but could of used another dozen.  Then the pizza and pasta.  pizza was something blah blah blah with proscuitto, soggy, could of used some viagra.  Pasta, rabbit bolognese with truffle, sounds like magic to me.  I could have had better pasta at the corner pizzaria, the meat could have been anything, a quarter inch of creamy soup at the bottom of the dish with a couple of slices of canned truffles in the mix. no herbs, no cheese no flavor. garbage.  The bill was $152 with a $50 bottle of wine and we ended up going to tony lukes for cheesesteaks because the portions where for the birds.(the cheesesteake sucked to)really really good.  all home made stuff.  expensive yes but delicious.  yum yum yumOsteria was delightful. Came with friends for restaurant week. We all had wine and really enjoyed it. There are plenty of knowledgeable people to ask if you needed help choosing wine or had questions about the menu. The staff was very kind and there was no shortage of them. The ambiance is great. Very comfortable and nicely decorated/well lit. They bring a variety of breads/bread sticks to the table with olive oil and it was a great starter. I had the Parma pizza for my appetizer. I've heard from friends that it was delicious and they were right. I would order that again in a heart beat. For my main I had the postage stamp ravioli. It could have used more herb flavor and fewer mushrooms, but I ate my whole plate and would again if given it. For dessert I had the mascarpone cheese cake, which was very dense but a great way to end the meal. I will definitely be coming back here.It's tough to grade this place, as wine had a private dinning with a pre-fix menu.  The stuff we got, I probably would not have been my choices.
But everything was top notch and the service was stellar.For an American-Italian restaurant this is about as good as it gets.  It's expensive, although not especially so if you're accustomed to New York prices.  To say that it's authentic Italian would be a bit of a stretch.  There's something indefinable about the difference between Italian (or French) restaurants and anything in the English-speaking part of the world.  Yet it gets close.  The pizze were very close to authentic, although they did come sliced (in two) which is a no-no in Italy.  The other dishes were imaginative, well-prepared and presented.  The service was excellent.  All around a good evening.What an enjoyable restaurant - from every aspect. The upbeat, urban-chic, airy atmosphere punctuated by the casual open-kitchen feel.  An Italian- country (lunch) menu, that offered an innovative take on dishes that could well have been mundane in lesser hands. Prompt service and well portioned dishes that were not outrageously priced. 
The food was better than good. It was unique and memorable. The kind that makes you long to taste everything else on the menu. This is a foodies place - that said i've noted other reviews critical of the dishes. The only wisdom I can offer is - i guess thats why there is chocolate and vanilla...
Is there a downside? I think Osta Ria has a reputation for being a bit loud - which I can imagine could be true at a more crowded time.  If I have any criticism, it would be the wine list. Not for lack of imagination, but simply because the pricing seem incongruous with the rest of the menu. The majority of wines tended to be mid-forties and up per bottle - which seems out of whack with a menu that proffers entrees in the low to high teens. I believe adding a selection of wines in the 25-35$ - at least for the lunch menu would make this place perfect.
Can't wait for the repeat performance.The best Italian restaurant in Philly, hands down - glasses up! Ciao to Americanized Italian food, hello to wonderful traditional fare in a beautiful atmosphere, with top knotch service . Try the pizza, the wood fired octopus is also a rare delicacy. Drinks are delicious. Neighborhood is "up and coming" so park close by, so you will return to find your car. Once again, Osteria is exceptionally highly recommended. Make reservations far in advance.The food at Osteria was five stars. The sweatbread special was out of this world. My homemade ravoli was also very good, and the roasted chicken was hands down the best chicken I've ever had period. 
The service was inconsistent. Our waiter was not every attentive, and others were stepping in to fill the void. Considering out bill came out to around $75/head, I would expect excellent service. 
Despite the lapse in service, I would highly recommend Osteria.My favorite restaurant. We've been going to Osteria since they opened and have never been disappointed. Superb menu featuring excellent ingredients. Terrific wines, excellent bar, outstanding service. The chicken liver rigatoni is truly fantastic.We went here for my birthday and as predicted, we had an amazing meal. I can't believe that I had forgotten how wonderful this place is. Here are the highlights.
The roasted Brussels sprouts on the antipasti platter are out-of-this-world.
Candele bolognese = favorite pasta dish in Philly. Easily.
We also got the Lombardo pizza with salty cheese, homemade sausage chunks, and an oozy egg. It was delicious, even down to the crispy crust.
I got a three scooper of their homemade gelato (1 scoop each of torrone, pistachio, and cinnamon stracciatella). Wow. Despite my full belly, I didn't want the bowl to end. It was so creamy, so smooth, so....perfect.Some of the best Italian food with very courteous staff. On one occasion, I tried a fantastic ravioli dish stuffed with pear - paper thin ravioli sheets with a fantastic light sauce. Highly recommend!I like this place, but I wish it could relax and just be an osteria.  The food is good, but on my last visit I left feeling like everything had been too formal.  This may be the fault of the customers, rather than the restaurant, though; people were all dressed up for a night out.  Relax, everybody!  Go to Osteria to eat, not to be fancy and sophisticated. Lower prices might help...
All the food was very good (swordfish and stracciatella lasagnetta, in particular) and we enjoyed eating.  One dish was too salty (striped bass)--oops. Wine was excellent, although the overall wine list suffers because of Pennsylvania's ridiculous alcohol laws.
Service is always nice--specific requests have always been met (including a request to leave everything off of one main course except the piece of meat).  
I would have preferred to have received my dessert menu from our server rather than the guy bussing our table, though...and we weren't told about any specials (main menu or dessert).  So maybe our service, this one time, was friendly but off a bit.
The one thing that you can count on at Osteria is the attention to detail in the cooking (which is why a seasoning error is a surprise).  This is no BS cooking.  The relish, the side, the piece of zucchini, the slice of prosciutto...everything is cared for by somebody, and that is reflected on the plate and on the palate.Food is really good and the staff is great. Fundamental flaws with seating for tables of 2. They stick you right next to other tables that are literally 3 inches apart from you. Might as well be having dinner with them which I am not a fan of. I come to restaurants to enjoy a dinner with the person I come with and not sit cafeteria style which is some kind of "trend" that God only knows why. Outside of that a really cool ambiance and you can tell these people know the restaurant business well. Just beware of seating for tables or two unless you are into that kind of thing...Some of the best pizza, if not the best, I have ever had. Had the prosciotto and arugala and it was divine. Stuffed zuchini flowers and mushroom ravioli were excellent. Great service every time. Only cons are that it gets very loud especially in the back room off to the side where the table width is vast. If you're seated here, be prepared to yell your conversation unless you're here off hours. Also all the wine by the glass prices are ridiculous. Be prepared to pay $30 for two glasses of decent wine which sky rockets your bill.While the food here is excellent the host and service employees are awful and definitely not up to the quality of the restaurant in which they are working. When interacting with these rejects from Applebee's it destroys any attempt one might have to enjoy an elegant night of great food. Hopefully the Vetri family will start hiring more appropriate staff for their wonderful restaurant instead of driving around mall parking lots and asking spikey haired half wits and sorority drop outs to serve Osteria's clientele.Went here for a date night while traveling through Philly on a recommendation from an article in Newsweek magazine.  The atmosphere was trendy and loud. I enjoyed the unique beer choices and the wide variety of wine options but the pizza I ordered was just "ok". I would definitely recommend this place for drinks and apps.As a work party planner, I have dined at Osteria several times with groups of 12 or more.  On my most recent occasion I was denied.  I was told that I would have to do 'Private Dining'.  Despite my requests to have multiple (but separate) tables in the dining room, I was refused.  Does this change have something to do with the acquisition of Vetri by Urban Outfitters?  After this fustrating experience, St. Stephen's Green accommodated us without question and earned a tidy profit.The swanky atmosphere, extremely friendly staff, delicious cocktails (I ordered the Sicilian Lemonade, it will not disappoint if you're looking for something refreshing) and my dinner (chestnut tagliolini with Maine lobster, Meyer lemon butter scallion) was incredible. 
My dinner was probably the best I've had in a really long time. Can't wait to come back. 
We really enjoyed ourselves here!I am 8 and it was great!!!!!
I liked the bread sticks, the homemade pasta and the nutella chocolate pizza.
Everybody was nice.Very good Italian food in the city. Parking can be difficult. Everything was fresh and tasty. Would go back if it was closer.Ok, the food was good.  I had a gemelli with pesto, my wife had a arugula and prosciutto-topped pizza which were both excellent.  We shared a veggie antipasti which was very good.
They really need to train the hostess.  We arrived at ten minutes before 5.  Ten minutes before opening.  I understand they can't wait on us as the wait staff was still assembling, but couldn't we be seated rather than told to wait outside in the 95 degree heat for 10 minutes?  We had my infant son in a stroller, so we asked about accessing the ramped door.  We were told it would be open in 10 minutes.  We sought shade and came back at 5:10pm.  The handicap accessible door was locked.  Ok, mistakes happen; she apologized for the oversight.  She proceeded to seat us at a two-seat table in the mostly empty restaurant, squeezed up against the only other table that had been seated.  We had absolutely no place to put the baby.  Our waiter (who was very good) acted quickly and moved us to larger table.  Nothing egregious, but a little more training is needed!  A restaurant of this caliber isn't just a place to chow; you should be able to relax and experience it.  We were anything but relaxed to start the meal.The Italian food here was not the Chicken Parmigiana type of Italian that we are all use to.  This food was truly a wonderful melody of dishes cooked in a rustic, non typical "American Italian" way.... Outstanding.  We had 4 appetizers and 5 entrees for 4 people and all 7 dishes were Cooked, seasoned and presented in a way that dreams are made of.  No 2 were alike nor shared many ingredients, we savored every bite of every dish.  The 2 bottles of Italian wine that were recommended were very good as well.  As far as dessert.... When I asked our server,"Which is the must have dessert" and she said,"they are all great", I must say I didn't believe her 100%.  She was correct!!! The desserts lived up the the Entrees... What a place!!All I can say is baby pig!  I know that doesn't sound too appetizing to many of you, and I had my doubts, but it was delicious.  Osteria offers "baby pig" as a special on many nights and I'm sure to reserve a plate as soon as I sit down because they frequently run out.  FYI...it's not an actually baby pig on your plate but rather certain cuts that are incredible. Great wine list, great menu, amazing food.  The sommelier is one of the best I've dealt with.  Don't be embarrassed to let him know what you want to spend, and don't feel like you have to crack open your safe to enjoy a night here.  However, unless you order pizza (I haven't but keep saying I'll try it) a meal here is going to cost you.  It's not the kind of place I go often, but when I do I really enjoy it.I chose two stars because the definition next to it reads  "Meh I've experienced better". And this time around that's just the way we felt after having left Osteria last night.  This is the second "meh" experience at a second Vetri restaurant.  It all started out on a great note.  The orange wine was amazing, the mixed vegetable plate was delicious but in the end most of our disappointment on this one came from the main course we both ordered.  What sounded like a wonderful addition to the menu, the roaster pig, affectionately known to me as porchetta made my mouth water as the waitress described it, naturally I expected a place like Osteria would do it up just right.  Well it sure was flavorful enough, but sadly very dry. And the skin of the pig which in a traditional porchetta is one of the most heavenly gastronomical experiences had been deep fried to the point all I could taste was the oil it was fried in.  This is not what one would expect out of a pricey special in a place as special as this. It should not be a surprise to any restauranteur that if you screw up the main course you're going to wind up with an unhappy diner having walked away feeling it was a negative experience.  Such was the case here.  I'm sure we'll be back.  There was much on the menu we'd like to explore, but certainly we'll be more judicious about any specials and maybe order different main courses in case one goes awry.We had a date night at Osteria a couple days ago and it was fabulous! We live in the neighborhood and have always thought about dining there but somehow never got around to it, it was definitely worth the wait! 
We had the octopus and mussels, both were great! We also had the lombarda pizza, which was equally as delicious. For our main course, we shared the rabbit dish, which was our only complaint for the night - the dish tasted as if it had been sitting on a counter before it was brought to us. The polenta had hardened a little because it was not kept hot and the same for the rabbit, this made the entire dish very underwhelming. 
Service was great! Will definitely return.Really excellent from start to finish. this was my second time dining here, but we are considering it for our rehearsal dinner, so we wanted to refresh out taste buds. 
The service is really fantastic. It's a staple of vetri restaurants everywhere. They are trained so well. It's the little things that make the difference, like refolding your napkin when you get up from the table, moving out of the way when they see you walking, asking if you need help, etc. the only problem we had was our waitress didn't tell us about two of the specials. Not a big deal because we had our minds made up already though.
We sat on the patio which is a gorgeous glass enclosed area. We decided to use the same strategy we used last time when ordering with one small twist, one pizza, one appetizer, and two pastas all to share. 
We started with the Lombarda and it was incredible. I hadn't been to osteria in a while, so I hadn't really compared the pizza crust to pizzeria vetri until now, but it was so different! It was a bit thinner and crisper, and the combination of sausage and egg on top was amazing.
We ordered the mozzarella en corrozza for our appetizer and again we were very impressed. It was so different than any fried mozzarella dish I have ever had. I couldn't tell if it was battered at all or if it was just a block of mozzarella dropped into the fryer. It was awesome, and the tomato and caper sauce serves with it was show stopping.
Our pasta choices were the chicken liver rigatoni and the winter squash gnocchi a la brava. Wow fantastic stuff here. The rigatoni was clearly housemade and covered in a delicately tasty sauce of chopped chicken livers. It was subtle flavor, but still very powerful and rich. The squash gnocchi was covered in cheese and incredibly hot when it came out. The gnocchi was very tender and went surprisingly well with the cheese.
Our dessert wasn't as good as the rest of our meal, but I was comparing it to the polenta budino we had last time, and that was stupid good. We ordered the upside down blood orange polenta cake with kumquat caramel. It was good, and definitely interesting and different, but I wasn't crazy about it.
Osteria is a great place to have a meal, and you should get there as often as you can. I'll be back soon!Osteria ranks as one of the finest dining experiences I've ever had. I was in attendance with a large group so there was much food ordered and sampled in typical tapas fashion. The service was excellent, glasses of water and wine topped off as soon as either glass was nearly empty - and I never had to ask. 
Appetizers were a marinara pizza and another one with arugula and prosciutto. Bother were fantastic, with a thin flaky crust. Next we ordered a vegetable tray with an assortment of different things, what stood out to me here was the seared brussels sprouts. Finally for the appetizers we had a cheese plate that was also enjoyable, although I don't know the names of the cheeses, they were all delicious.
My first of two courses was chicken liver rigatoni with cipolline onions and sage. I've never had chicken liver before but this was outstanding. 
My second dish was rabbit with pancetta, sage,and polenta (grits). The rabbit was pretty good, very "bony" but I'm told that's to be expected. 
Dessert was the cantucci sundae vin santo marinated almonds (taken directly from the menu: http://www.osteriaphilly.com/menu). Basically vanilla custard with almonds and this kind of wine sauce. Very good!
I had an Italian red wine throughout the meal, selected by one of the more knowledgeable wine drinkers at the table and it, too, was excellent. Taken in consideration with the friendly and attentive staff, our nearly 4 hour dinner didn't feel long enough.Fantastic place that does Italian justice. Philly has a crap ton of Italian restaurants around the city ranging from low end to high end. But I don't think any of them does meats and pasta as well as Osteria. 
We started off with a  vedura mista which pretty much had every vegetable, grilled, pickled, sautéed on the menu. The variety was large and the flavors well balanced.
I had the berkshire pork chop and it was phenomenal. It measured about 1.5 inches thick and was amazingly tender and perfectly done through and through. It's quite difficult to cook such a huge piece of meat to a perfect uniformity and uniform perfectness. I can only assume the pork was brined, sous vide, and then charred after. Regardless it was splendid and I can't rave more.  
Wonderful.Get ready for a wishy woshy review that shouldn't help you make any decisions whatsoever.
I reluctantly went  back on Sunday.  The food was much better because we stuck to a pizza, three pastas, and the vegetable antipasta.  These were all simple dishes done well. 
While I like the pizzas at the other trendy pizzarias around town better, I did enjoy the one we ordered with the golden raisins.  
The food was good.  The service was amazing from our server and the sommelier spend a nice amout of time with us.  I think my expectations of the place are so low, they could only go up from here.  I previously rated them a 1, they are now a 3.  I like the rustic decor more than the taste of the food.I came here for my birthday, and had a great time. The atmosphere was easy on the eyes. There were huge sunflowers everywhere and wooden wine crate sides on one of the walls. The only complaint I would have is how close our table was between the other tables, but you get that sometimes in crowded, busy restaurants, I guess. 
For an appetizer we had the cape may salt oysters with cucumber spaghettini and raspberries. It was amazing. It came with 5 oysters and the flavor from the juices was very tangy and fresh. 
For my meal I got the spaghetti alla carbonara with corn, chives and ricotta salata. I didn't know what to expect with corn in my pasta but it was phenomenal. The spaghetti tasted homemade and the carbonara sauce wasn't too heavy. Very delicious. My date got the rabbit in polenta, and it was cooked perfectly. The only complaint were there were a lot of small bones in there to pick out but he worked around it and it was great mixed with the polenta with brown butter. 
There was a mix up with the desert; I had ordered cheesecake for us to split and the waiter forgot to put a candle in it (my date had tried to sneakily tell him to surprise me with a candle). The cheesecake was okay; it was kind of grainy feeling but had a nice flavor. When the waiter realized he forgot the candle he came back with two more deserts on the house, both with candles in them. One of them was a sorbet that was delicious and the other was polenta budino with gianduia, which was great as well. It had a chocolate mousse on top that made it perfect. 
I really enjoyed eating here, I would be very happy to go back.Date night in Philly on the 4th!!!! Osteria was an outstanding recommendation. The lombarda pizza was topped with an egg and absolutely delicious! The rabbit was yummy but a tad salty. Pork rib lasagnetta melted in my mouth.Wonderful wine selection. Best strawberry gelato I've ever had! Fantastic dining experience with my special someone : )I wish I could eat at Osteria every other night of the week. Such a cozy, rustic restaurant with absolutely wonderful dishes. The presentation of the food was scrumptious, clean (aka why I ate so fast and didn't take pictures). I highly recommended this restaurant to all.Let me start by saying that this used to be my favorite authentic Italian restaurant in Philadelphia and that I'm a huge fan of Marc Vertri.  Past meals have been so close to what we've experienced in Italy that there are only a few other places in the U.S.that have come equally close (notably Del Posto, da Umberto, Lupa and Babbo Ristorante in NYC).  
Last Saturday, it became clear that someone at Osteria is resting on their laurels and that attention to detail has gone by the wayside.  Perhaps Philadelphians are less discerning or less knowledgeable than their NYC dining counterparts or perhaps "average has become plenty good" in these parts, but either way Osteria ain't what it use to be.  
Despite having to wait over 40 mins for a 7:30 reservation, the meals started simply enough.  A mixed grilled vegetable appetizer (which was visually appealing) was quite simply over-salted.  I think that the prep chef may have wondered whether he/she forgot to sprinkle salt on the dish and in an abundance of caution, salted and then resalted the plate.  They were capable of being delicious but noticeably over brined - which is a mistake that simply just should never go out of the kitchen.  I suspect some other table got a plate of completely unsalted grilled vegetables. Perhaps they were the table that requested a bit of salt.
The biggest error of the evening was Osteria's so-called signature dish of the evening, the roast pig.  Even the most humble of Italian restaurants know how to cook piggie. And having just returned from Spain where they literally build restaurants around such delicacies, I was eager to have another go at an all time favorite.  Now I know that the comparison between the Spanish style and the Italian style of this dish begs pointing out, but I'm pretty sure that the Italian style is NOT overcooked, flavorless and dried out, as this was here.  It was accompanied with roasted potatoes which were simply dense and perhaps equally overdone.  Three out of five diners ordered the dish, and I think that not one of us finished it.  Not once during the meal did our waiter ask if our meals were satisfactory which struck me as odd particularly when there were clearly large portions of uneaten food on each plate.  The remaining diners had either the wild boar ragout over pasta which apparently made up in volume what it lacked in flavor intensity and a disappointingly bland fish dish.
The damage here with several bottles of "moderately" priced ($65) wine was over $600 with tip.  I've had better AND I've had better here. I felt like the entire meal here was a rip-off and I think it'll be a long while before I return to Osteria.We have eaten here a few times, and each time the food was simply amazing - well-balanced, prepared perfectly, and very tasty. The focaccia is crusty and dense and flavorful. Our table of four were fighting over the last piece. Pizzas are exquisitely sumptuous, as are the pasta dishes.
The staff has always been friendly and helpful.
We don't get here as much as we would like because it is all the way across town and there are so many great restaurants closer to us, but we manage to go back periodically because it is so good.As a resident of Center City but a student at Temple University, I had passed Osteria a number of times in my morning and afternoon commutes and had heard it was a wonderful restaurant, but the thought never crossed my mind to actually eat there. It's awkwardly positioned between the kinda-shady Fairmount Avenue and the even more shady North Philadelphia/Temple University neighborhood, though I suppose it's part of the whole neighborhood revitalization project going on in that area. 
The service was probably the best thing about my visit to Osteria. We were greeted at the door with warmth and lots of smiles and attentiveness. The maitre d' was extremely friendly and more than understanding when I called him back so I could retrieve my phone from the pocket. There was a short wait for our table but we were informed that it was due to a spill that had occurred and that it was being cleaned up so we would be safe on our way. We were seated in the patio extension area but never felt cut off from the rest of the establishment, and I was even a bit relieved when I saw that this area offered more space and table privacy, where it appeared that in the main room, tables of 2 were awkwardly close to each other. 
Our server knew EVERYTHING about every item on the menu, as well as the specials. I'm pretty sure I could have asked a ridiculous question about one of the items and she would have had an answer. She was courteous and informative, and even engaged in a fun debate my friend and I were in over Saved by the Bell characters. 
On to the food. Our appetizer was the mozzarella in carrozza, and it was out-of-this-world. I'm not sure if I'll ever look at a pile of mozzarella sticks the same way after that dish. My first course were the robiola francobolli, "little postage stamp raviolo"...They were flavorful, filling and I had no trouble clearing the entire plate. My second course was the chicken alla griglia which was similarly wonderful and cooked to perfection. Our dessert was the blood orange crostate, which pretty much ended our meal perfectly. 
My only complaints would be the drink menu. The cocktail list seemed a little short, and my Sicilian Lemonade left something to be desired -- it seemed more like a mojito to me. The rest of the wine list was huge and a little intimidating, though I'm not quite a wine person.We always drove by and always wanted to try this restaurant.  So we finally did.
It was really packed and really big restaurant. The service was not as good,  we expected more attention since the price of the food was alot. We had bottle of wine,  the liver rigatoni had a weird after taste I didn't like it.  I only ate the pasta. 
The grilled octopus salad was good.  I had the steak,  and I didn't like it.  How can you go wrong with a steak? Mine just tasted blah and it was cold!  
My boyfriend had the lamb,  and it was very gamy. . He felt sick afterwards.
Over all,  I feel like this restaurant is over hyped and over priced.  We didn't have a good experience here,  and is too big so you don't get the service that your deserve for the price you're paying.  We spent $250 on dinner just for us two,  and we wouldn't have minded if it was at least good.I was pretty hyped about Osteria after reading about it in Philly Mag and also finding out that it was the kid sis of Vetri (which is sadly out of my budget).
I got there before my friend and passed the time with a glass of prosecco (which would become three or four by the time the night was over, delicious). We ordered the Lombarda pizza, which did not disappoint. We said with great excitement, "There is an EGG on our pizza!" 
I ordered, I think, a dual ravioli of sorts - one side was filled with duck and the other with water chestnuts? It was just alright. I don't know if I had gone one glass of prosecco too many or was talking too much that I didn't finish the dish while it was still hot. My friend ordered the braised pork ribs which were amazing and really well-seasoned.
I was beaten to the check while I was in the restroom so I can't comment on the prices (I don't really look while ordering). But it was a pretty okay experience. The prosecco wins.Vegetable Antipasti - 5 out of 5
A-m-a-z-i-n-g display and variety of summer vegetables that were all marinated and cooked to perfection. The experience in one word: addictive.
Spaghetti Alla Chitarra (Rabbit Bolognese, Artichoke and Black Truffle) - 4.5 out of 5
Delicious tender rabbit meat complemented the delicate pasta and the black truffle chunks.
Robiola Francobolli ("Postage Stamp Ravioli" with Royal Trumpet Mushrooms and Thyme) - 3 out of 5
I was expecting a lot more from this dish. There were homemade white ravioli on a white plate with some thin slices of mushrooms and a creamy filling. I don't base much of my review on appearance of the food, but when everyone's dishes arrived and mine was pretty boring looking (no color, no garnish, and a smaller than typical portion), I was less enthralled. Taste-wise, these raviolis melted on my palate. They were so soft and delicate and creamy. But, I would recommend a sauce with more depth and flavor.
Bufala Mozzerella and Heirloom Tomato "Conchiglie" Stuffed Shells - 4 out of 5
My boyfriend's father, who according to him and his family, always orders the "best" dish when they're out at restaurants. He ordered the stuffed shells, which goes to figure, since they were amazing. The basil in the sauce is the freshest I've tasted.
Rhubarb Strudel (with Apricot and Pistachio Semifreddo) - 2 out of 5
Just all right. Our server recommended this dessert over the Chocolate Mousse Torta, so I trusted her opinion. It looked like a Danish doughnut and tasted like a sweet-and-tart rendition. The combination of rhubarb, apricot, and pistachio didn't coalesce into a magical experience. It seemed like a dessert put on the menu to have another option, rather than some ethereal flavor combination Vetri was excited to share with the world. 
Chocolate Mousse Torta (with Peanut Butter and Chocolate Sbrisolona) - 5 out of 5
Now, this is a dessert is a not worth missing. BF's father ordered the torta and gave me a bite. It was oh so rich and decadent and everything a chocolate lover would want to finish off a great meal.In a word -- salty.  The meal was good, but not worth the price or the hype.  We really enjoyed the grilled vegetables, which were a special.  They were flavorful with a good texture.  The smelts were simply fried little fish -- nothing to excite you.  My spiced apple martini (a house specialty on their menu) was just OK -- not worth $15.  We also ordered the artichokes, which came with dinner even though they were an antipasti.  The artichokes accelerated us on the salty path we began with the antipasti.  Yet they were very tasty indeed.  My shellfish stuffed with sausage were just OK; I'd try something else next time.  My wife had the rabbit, which was good, but she found it too salty.  Really, every dish could have used less salt; I've started to wonder what the chef was trying to do with all that salt.  For dessert, they straciatella cinnamon ice cream was not great; the cinnamon ice cream was good, but the there was only one small piece of chocolate (the "chips"), which really disappointed me after the waitress talked me out of the pistachio dessert I was eyeing.  I didn't finish it, which is very rare for me.  My wife had the chocolate flan, which she really enjoyed; it's like molten lava cake you find elsewhere.  The waitress's recommendations were a bit off, and she had me confused a couple times as to what and how much to order.  So, I'd say it's a good meal, but for the money, you can find a better restaurant.Ajjjj... this place.
I have been to Osteria 4 or 5 times trying to find the reason why I don't like it and this weekend I did.
1. of the 4 or 5 times I went, despite specifically asking, was never seated in the main dining room; and if you are going to have a restaurant with multiple dining rooms you should, as an owner and restauranteur, have the same atmosphere in all the rooms: the patio is drafty and noise is unbearable and the second room where the wine cellar is, is a room fit for a private party; you feel  forgotten otherwise.
2. the pizza at Vetri is so much better. The fact that you have a wood oven and you will burn the bubbles on the side of the crust, doesn't mean that the pizza is good. Its forgettable
3. the entrees are bleh
4. the pasta... oh the pasta... so over sauced! the chicken liver dish could be amazing but instead they put so much sauce it is hard to enjoy beyond the second bite. the candela with wild boar is also an over-interpretation of this southern Italian dish and also over sauced; candela is a pasta to be served with a bit of pesto and a dash of butter never this thick gamy ragu and the lobster spaghetti is plain and simple like the one at "The olive Garden" where at least "you are family".
Never again, unless I am invited by the owner to eat for free at the main dining room.
Oh... please stop selling books; Amazon is  for selling books.Outstanding service. Great ambience. The food was a bit below the hyped expectationsA good place to stop in for a group lunch!  This place is charming and rustic.  As soon as you step inside from the busy streets of Philadelphia, you'll feel that you've retreated into the warm, inviting quarters of an authentic Italian osteria.  While the food isn't the best I've ever had, I'd still recommend that you give the place a try if you find yourself in the area.  Beware though -- nearly every dish contains some kind of pork  product (though a few can be made without it), so think twice before bringing your vegetarian, vegan, or kosher friends.  You may also need the waiter's help in translating the menu to find the lamb sandwich and the asparagus pizza.  Mmmm mmmm good!Food here was OK.  Very inconisistent.  Chicken Liver Pasta was great as well as the Octopus Pizza.  The Pork Special and the Steak was terrible. 
Service here was really weak.  Seemed uninterested and very annoyed with us.  We do not look like the ritzy customer they are used to so didn't give good service but in the end she was wrong because we had a BIG check and I've been in the business for 15 years and still am and she definitely hurt herself in the tip area. 
All in all a little inconsistent, weak service, cool vibe, and very very pricey.
Will not return, will not reccomend to anyone, but will not stop anyone from going either.My wife and I decided to try this place based on its yelp reviews and weren't disappointed. The waitress was friendly and knowledgeable, and even though it was fairly packed for a Thursday evening, everything came out very fast. For antipasto, we shared a fried mozzarella with tomato garnish, light and flavorful. My wife ordered the veal, which was extremely tender and  absolutely delicious. I tried a special, several different cuts of a roasted pig. It was very good also, although it would have been nice if they had served it with a light veggie side instead of roast potatoes to offset the heaviness of the pork. For dessert I tried a panna cota and my wife ordered gelato. Both superb.
Our main concern was the noise level. The dining room is a large cavernous open space with an industrial decor. This might not bother some people but it was a little much for us.
As some other reviewers have noted, this place is on the pricey side. Worth it though, I'd definitely come again.I've eaten here a couple of times. 
The first time was a few months ago. Whenever I go to a new place that is supposed to be great, I always make an effort to try the stuff on the menu that seems most outside my comfort zone. I don't remember everything that I had that night, but I believe one dish was meat from a pig's face and it was great. In fact, everything I tried was wonderful. My wife played it a little more safe and ended up with a pasta dish that she found just so-so. Still, aside from that one dish (which is no longer on the menu), everything else (service, atmosphere, etc.) was good enough to merit return trips.
On the next trip I tried one of their pizzas and that was the end of my experimentation with their menu. It was pizza from then on!
I love the thin, bubbly/char-y crusted pizzas like they make in Italy. Americanized pizzas (NY, Philly, Chicago style) are all great, of course, but they are almost an entirely different food. I like hot dogs. I like hamburgers. But they are different things. Same with American pizza and Italian pizza. Both good, just not the same.
The thin and delicate brick-oven Italian style gives me the singular focus of a brains-hungry zombie. And like a zombie I will stop at almost nothing once I have Italian style pizza in my sight. Sketchy neighborhood? No big deal. No real parking? I'll circle for blocks. Long wait for a seat? I'll wait. I'll wait all night. BRAINS! I mean PIZZA!
I like the one with the sausage and the egg and my wife and I usually get an appetizer or two to share while we wait. The apps are always mouth watering preludes for the real treat. She usually gets a pasta and (aside from that first time) they are usually delicious...I think. Honestly I hardly taste much on the bites she generously shares with me because like I said - I tend to FOCUS! on the PIZZA! I think she also might try to have conversations with me sometimes when I'm eating, but I can't be sure of that. To be safe, I grunt or nod approvingly every now and then as I try to look sophisticated enough to fit into the nice setting while voraciously shoving pizza into my face.
For my tastes, this place is second only to Pizza Bianco in Phoenix, AZ (my first love, how I miss thee!) for pizza places on this side of the Atlantic. 
Please be sure never to go there so I can more easily get seats at the bar when I get a craving.Osteria is my neighborhood go-to place. The food is outstanding and interesting and the staff is amazing in every way... Each employee goes out of their way to ensure your time is enjoyable. Love going there. 
I am always delighted each time I am there, however, if, by chance, you are not pleased about something- don't leave unhappy because they go above and beyond to make it better! No need to ever leave upset about anything...Drove 2.5 hours to Phillie with friends to eat here. Our friends had already  sampled two of the other Vetri family of restaurants. Our reservations for a Saturday evening were at 9:30PM but the restaurant called us at about 8:15PM to see if we'd be interested in the 8:30PM seating.  The answer? YES!
One tip:  plan to arrive earlier because locating street parking is more than challenging.
Our starters:  Chicken liver rigatoni was incredibly tasty and well balanced. The wood grilled octopus was tangy and perhaps not as tender as we would have liked but full of great flavor. The house salumi paired with the sweet artichoke hearts was great (if you like sweet and savory). 
Our entrees:  We really loved the squid ink cavatelli but found the sauce to be very salty; couldn't figure out if it was the effect of the ham or squid or...let's just say it may satisfy a sodium addict's craving. Our dinner partners enjoyed the oxtail (nice portion size and well-balanced flavors) and the wood-grilled cobia (good texture and also well-balanced flavors).  My wife wasn't brave enough to try the rabbit "casalinga" when she'd never had rabbit before.  So the porcini and potato cialzon with braised rabbit was a perfect introduction to the meat.  While others thought it was gamier than they'd prefer, my wife loved it!
Our dessert:  Save room.  We sampled the pumpkin tiramisu special which was served in a mason jar, chilled.  We also had the most incredible chocolate flan that should not be confused with Spanish style flan.  It is more of a molten chocolate lava cake that is paired with this incredible, home made pistachio gelato.  Since we happened to be celebrating a birthday, they brought out a sample of the fig gelato.  While it was very interesting, it was more reminiscent of fig nectar in gelato and very overwhelming compared to the lighter pistachio.
The service here was fabulous.  When we learned that only the sister restaurant, Alla Spina, had both the pig(let) head and home made soft serve ice cream, two  of us cried.  Our server quickly turned the frown upside down by letting us know he'd called over to the manager and arranged for us to have the soft ice cream to go.  The piglet head would have to wait until another trip.  Now, THAT, is service.I came here on a Saturday night and the service was impeccable. Our waiter was very knowledgeable and offered some very good suggestions since it was our first time here. The other staff made sure our water was filled up and cleared out plates very fast after we were done eating each plate. One downside is that our waiter didn't initially introduce hisself when he first came to the table. It wasn't until the second time that he came to our table that he finally told us his name and that he'd be helping us. Lastly, one thing that bothered me was that the space between tables was very small and every time someone walked past my table they brushed against my hair :(. Also, try not to get a table directly in the front. They don't have a lobby so people waiting are hovering over your table making your dinner that much less private. At one point one customer had her iPhone light shining on the menu which shined on someone in my party as they were eating :/ Pretty annoying. I would suggest that they direct customers to stay in a appropriate distance away from the tables so customers can truly enjoy their meal.  
Now for the food! Almost all the food we had was amazing! For appetizers we had the Parma pizza which consisted of arugula, prosciutto, fontina cheese, & mozzarella. The pizza had a nice thin crust and all the ingredients were very fresh. For our primi courses we had the malfaldine w/beef, robiola w/mushrooms, candele w/bolognese, & the ricotta w/lobster. Out of all of those pastas my favorite was the robiola surprisingly. This came at the suggestion of our waiter. All of the other pastas were good but the pasta with the lobster was a little too salty. 
As for my entree I had the braised short rib and I was really underwhelmed. Although the rib was very tender it lacked seasoning and the celery root crema was also very bland. As for the other people in my party they all enjoyed their dishes. They had the grilled chicken which was perfect as well as the rabbit.
For dessert we had the trio of gelato & sorbet. All were delicious.Had dinner there last sunday night.  My overall experience was awful. From the snooty wait staff right to the ANTS on my table. Which the waiter didn't even care. Even if my experience was better, Pizzeria Stella is so much better. I don't understand why Stella's didn't win the Philadelphia magazine challenge.  Only reason I gave it two stars was the wine list was extensive although expensive.Went to ostertia with my brother and sister in law. The meal was great and the the price per item was excellent. Great placeAs Fairmount residents, Osteria is one of our go to spots. We love Italian food and the simple yet developed flavors in all of the dishes at at Osieria keep us coming back for more.  It speaks volumes of a restaurant that has been around for several years, to need a reservation to get a table on a Tuesday night in Philadelphia. The menu is seasonal but some favorites seem to have made it through the last few menu changes. Our favorite pizza selection is the Lombarda and the Robiola pasta can't be beat. Would highly recommend this restaurant for any occasion! Though it is a pricier Italian option in Philadelphia, the flavor combinations paired with the industrial yet rustic setting of the restaurant is unlike any other in the area.One of those places where you have to look for food on a plate and then head to a diner to actually eat something.I was expecting greatness, as I've read only great things in the press, and I got OK-ness. The service was outstanding. All of the staff were exceedingly attentive and well-versed in the menu and the wine list. The food was good, but not nearly the life-changing experience I had hoped for. Additionally, we were seated in an atrium-like room to the left of the building with an air conditioner that blew right on us the entire night (I'd request the main seating room if you are visiting).I'm not sure what I could say about Osteria that hasn't already been said.. Marc Vetri is culinary genius, the less-than-desirable N Broad address stills draw a crowd, the decor, vibe and service are welcoming and accomodating.
I can say though that the meal for me got better as the night went progressed.  Our first course to arrive was the Margherita pizza which was ok, but nothing to write home about for my taste.  The crust was perfectly cooked, but it was paper thin and I like a little bit more bite to my crust.  The super thin layer of sauce got lost on the pizza, but had amazing flavor when tasted on its own (ie the pile of melted cheese and sauce on my plate that slid off the pizza itself).  The cheese was the real star - it was amazingly simple and delicious.
Next came the wood grilled octopus.  I was surprised that it was presented almost like a salad with arugula and little potatoes.  The octopus itself was really tender and had none of that weird/chewy/sometimes tough texture that is pretty common with octopus.  There was a bit too much salt on the octopus itself, but it balanced out nicely when eaten in the same bite as the potatoes and arugula.  The potatoes themselves are noteworthy.. try this dish just for them.
Next up was the pigs feet (eeks!) cannelloni with truffle bechamel sauce.  I had to put on my brave foodie face to try this one, but I'm so happy I did.  Creamy, rich, salty, earthy.. amazing.  It would've been too much for me to eat alone. so it's a good dish to share with someone else.  The portion is small, but the flavor is intense and I wanted to save room for the dishes yet to come.
Last to arrive (or so I thought) was the braised seppia.. I didn't even know what seppia was.  Our server said it was cuttlefish, a kind of squid, served over squid ink polenta.   Whatever it is.. it's awesome.  I'll probably lose all Yelp-cred when I say this, but something about the dish reminded me of spaghetti and meat sauce.  I have no idea why, but there you have it.  This was the most amazing dish of the night by far.
To round off the evening, we tried the gelato/sorbet.  Blood orange and cappucino were my favorites.  The others were good also, but not as standout as the first two.Although the ambiance is mediocre (a bit cheesy and impersonal) and the prices are not cheap, the pizza is perfect. I recently visited Italy this spring and can honestly say that I find Osteria's pizza to have a more flavorful, interesting, and refined taste than pizza in Italy. The tomato sauce has a complex sweet, salty, and tangy taste and you will find an unusual array of toppings such as octopus, red chili flakes, and smoked mozzarella... but the combinations are delectable. 
The pasta is not quite up to par with their pizza. The sauce is just good, but the pasta has a great texture: cooked al dente with just the right amount of doughiness. 
The grilled vegetables on their special menu are delicious, and make for a perfect appetizer with the pizza. I have never been much of a pizza fan, but Osteria gives pizza a different name, and it is definitely worth the trip to try it.Perfection. I love love loved it. It's gorgeous, comfortable and the food is abs abs amazing. 
Yes, you need to get the chicken liver rigatoni. And the lombarda pizza w/egg and sausage. We also tried the roast pig special - the pork had been spit-roasted for 5+ hours, and it was so tender and flavorful.
The wines were not bad - we had a great bottle for $50 - and the service was excellent. Hands down, this has been the best restaurant we've gone to in Philly since moving here...and we're piggys that eat out a ton. I was in food coma heaven for about 5 hours after the meal - so worth it.Top-notch ItalianI have dined at Osteria about 10 times. I have sat at the tables and at the bar. The food is outstanding. When I go we usually order a few items from each section on the menu and share everything. 
     I always order the marinated vegetable antipasti, the Brussels sprouts are the best I have ever had. The pizzas are all wonderful. I recommend the lombardo with house made cotechino sausage and a sunny up egg. The spit roasted pig is a special on most nights and is very tender and juicy with flavors of rosemary. The chicken liver rigatoni and beet plin are my favorite pastas, I have had the rabbit fettuccine that is excellent too. The mozzarella in coroza is a hot appetizer that melts in your mouth. 
        For dessert, the gelato and sorbet are churned every day and have a silky smooth consistency. Some times they have a dessert special, nutella pizza- WOW! If you go, ask if they have it. 
     The ambiance is very energetic, not quiet, not the place for a romantic quiet table. It is definitely the spot to go to eat good food and drink excellent Italian wines. The bathrooms are great (in response to a review hating on the soap.) You have your own private bathroom with granite counters, custom towels, and air freshener! What more could you ask for in a public bathroom. The prices are high but worth it for the quality of food. Yes ,it is on North broad street with no valet but I have never had a problem finding parking at the meters of on a side street. I love Osteria and am looking forward to my next visit.My husband made a reservation for us to celebrate our 7 year wedding anniversary. We had discussed going before but it wasn't until we saw Marc Vetri on a Saturday morning cooking show on public access that we made it a point to go. He was very passionate about the ingredients he used and the recipes he cooked. 
Upon arriving we were immediately greeted and seated. Hostess was very friendly and welcoming. We arrived at our table and I was not really excited about that part. The close proximity to the diners next to us was slightly unnerving for me. I respect everybody right for opinions but I don't want to hear about your government conspiracies. I almost felt like i was seated at their table as well as my own, but i can't blame the restaurant too much for that since i understand the need to maximize space in Philadelphia. Aside from the seating issue, the restaurant was very nice and clean! Had a warm rustic feeling with a lot of class. 
 Our server Kelert arrived and my husband and I loved the fact that we had the choice between still or sparkling water. I prefer sparkling to still but that's a personal preference that I've found works for me cutting down on my soda intake. Kelert was a sweetheart! Any questions we had, he immediately gave us an answer. His recommendations were spot on and his attentiveness to us was impeccable. The food could've been garbage and I would still give an establishment a high rating because of him. He made sure we were taken care of without smothering us with attention, that's a fine line but he knew how to stay just in the middle. He was great!
Now let's talk about the food! The food was delicious! My husband got the charcuterie plate, he wasn't too happy about the amount of charcuterie he received but he no complaints about the quality. This man loves food so I expected him to complain about the size. I got the roasted vegetables and they were phenomenal! Brussels Sprouts, Beets, Broccoli Rabe, Cauliflower each had their own distinctive flavor that was just indescribable! The only thing I did not finish was the argula and that's only because I'm not a huge fan of it. As our entree we both ordered the spit roasted suckling pig.....AMAZING! The pig is spit roasted and you are presented with meat from all parts. Moist, flavorful, perfectly portioned, the list could go on. The only thing on the plate i was on the fence about were the roasted potatoes. They had a great crust but the interior was not fluffy and just weren't for me. Now I'm not saying that someone else wouldn't enjoy them but i wasn't too much of a fan. For desert my husband got the apple torta which he enjoyed and I got the Polenta Budino and LOVED! To go with our sweets we got some coffee that was really good. It really rounded out our visit, and as we were finishing up we were presented with a small Pumpkin spice gelato as an anniversary gift. It was very thoughtful and much appreciated. 
Osteria is definitely a foodies spot. It's not your typical run of the mill Italian and I loved it for that. The service was impeccable, the food was delicious, and you can tell that there is a lot of love and thought that goes into everything they do. I am counting down to the days when my husband and I can visit again since we will be moving to Alaska in the very near future. Osteria was well worth my time and money. It was a great anniversary meal! Thank you for making it so.It's all about the polpo! So yes this place is upscale it's not suit and tie upscale. I have to say that the waiters know their menu, but if you're like me and like to many small dishes this is not the place. So I ordered the polpo pizza and I was expecting a small serving size, no it was massive and the waiter gave me a hard time understanding that I like small meals. Needless to say it was an expensive doggy bag.I dream of the Wild Boar Bolognese and the Rabbit entree. Well done with fantastic cocktails!I went in with expectations that it wasn't as good as Vetri, and we were pleased with our meals.  
My husband got the roasted pig special and grilled octopus and enjoyed them both.  I got the parma pizza, which was very good.Complex flavor profiles, great wine, great dessert, great service, yeah.
That's what you need to know. Of the four courses I ordered, and the additional pizza I got to try this place blew me away.
The pizzas. I ordered a "cipollotto" pizza and thoroughly enjoyed it. It had a flavor that I can't really describe but it was full of it and I absolutely loved it. Just enough (not very much) cheese and an awesome crust. I also had the opportunity to try a piece of "margarita" and though it had a much simpler flavor profile the flavor was stil strong and tasty.
I followed that up with a dish of fusilli with "fava beans, pecorino and mint" and I must say that the flavor in that dish was just plane insane. Extremely strong and minty but yet still soft and not as overpowering as expected. The portion was also much larger than I had expected.
Following my failing to finish (not because of taste but because I was so looking forward to my next course), I had the "grilled veal strip loin tonnato with red watercress and caperberries" which was served nearly raw. Normally I like my meat medium to medium-well, and I thought about sending this back, but I was so glad I didn't. It was absolutely tasty and a little bit chewy but not too much. For someone who is normally very picky about avoiding the fat on my meat I decided to venture and try this as prepared and I wasn't disappointed. I only had a quick taste of the watercress and though it was good, I had to save some room for the dessert.
I decided to go with the pistachio gelato and strawberry sorbet and both are among the top of their flavor that I've had anywhere. The pistachio was so smooth and I can only imagine if I could eat that everyday. The strawberry was extremely potent and though awesome and tasty, I'm not sure I'd be able to eat that strong of a strawberry flavor all the time, but as an after dinner treat with a huge meal it was definitely a tasty finish.
Overall the food was great, and the wine selection that we were helped picking was also great. Though I tried to finish everything I didn't get the chance to as it was all just too filling. Take my recommendation and don't stuff on the bread (which is also good, but not great).
I hope i get the opportunity to go to Osteria sometime again soon, but since I don't live, or go to Philadelphia very much, at least I'll always have this memory of this great memory. Now I just wish Mark Vetri would open up some restaurants in Los Angeles.
Go here, don't second guess your choice, this place is definitely worth it.Osteria was my birthday dinner with the babe.  And it was fantastic!   Seriously if I were served an ill meal on my birthday there would have been hell to pay.  Mark Vetri's little expensive pizza place came through luckily...for everyone.  We got in to the place around 7:20 and our reservations were at 7:45 but the very nice hostess who was ALL business said we could be seated early.  The place was bumping on a rainy Saturday night.  I was impressed with the large space and the bistro type atmosphere.  They sat us at a small table next to the window that opened to the garden room and there were these humungoid sunflowers sitting on the windowsill.  I do not think I have ever noticed the physical attributes of a restaurant before mainly because I am always so concerned with eating. 
So, the cute waiter in glasses greeted us right away.  He brought us yummo foccia and skinny bread sticks to munch on while we mulled over what to drink.  Every single person in the place was drinking wine except for the preggo lady next to me so we said "eff it, let's do martinis."  As usual, I got the vodka and he the gin and they were so wonderful.  Honestly, for a wine place, one of the best martinis I have had other than at Davios.   The pizza at Osteria is always talked about and Mark Summers from Double Dare fame said it was the greatest pizza he's ever eaten, so I ordered based on his opinion, which I hold to a high regard.  The pizza was so thin, you could literally see through it.  The cheese had a different taste than I have experienced in the states...it literally tasted like mozzarella from my Nonna's region in Italy.  We devoured the pizza, but in an appropriate way.  We then ordered one of the special pasta dishes to share, which was a linguine type noodle with melted goat cheese and baby tomatoes...again amazing.  For our entrees were ordered the grouper and the salmon and again, amazing.  The Salmon had a crispy skin with some sea salt sprinkled on top.  It was served with the smallest and cutest zucchinis I have ever seen. The boy's Grouper had leeks and corn as accompaniments.  After our second round of martinis and gorging on the delicious meal, it was time to go.  Why make myself more full and risk the chance of yacking to get dessert?  We had plans to kill a few bottles of wine anyway for my birthday celebration.  
I really recommend Osteria as it's a great date/group place if you have some extra cash to spend.  Well done!Osteria is a great for an after work cocktail as well as a casual dinner. The food is always fresh. 
Must gets:
Veggie platter appetizer 
Octopus appetizer
Pannocchia pizza - corn/truffle mmmmLiterally the best salad I have ever had. The place smelled amazing as soon as we walked in. A Philly must.  Staff was great waiter was on his food game like a champ.We were walk ins on New Year's Eve and the restaurant was packed but the hostess were amazing as well and kind enough to find us a table right away! Amazing service thanks to Amanda L, she was bubbly and very helpful. Her table manners were very good, everything was coursed out nicely.Great Italian place! Highly recommend!i'm looking over the other reviews and see the same things. everyone wanted to try this place for quite awhile before they eventually got to and were at leastly mostly pleased.  i was, too. perhaps i worked myself up for it a little too much, though, because i was actually pretty bored with everything at Osteria, except for the restaurant itself. how pretty! 
the food was all very tasty, but a bit of a borefest. it took me awhile to find something on that menu that was really worth paying such a high price for.  in the end, i ate the fluke with a mixture of white and green asparagus tossed in a creamy dill sauce.  this was very tasty, even if the cream sauce was way too heavy/creamy.  for antipasti, i chose one of the specials which was a board of various grilled and pickled veggies.  by far, the best part of the meal, even if it was a little like Zahav's salad tasting starter.  
other good things included a very pleasant staff - not a single bad attitude in the house! and a great atmosphere.  the restaurant itself is, however, located in a really cruddy spot. i guess you they can't all be in rittenhouse, though!We wanted an upscale well reviewed restaurant for our anniversary dinner. We chose Osteria because we have eaten several times at Alla Spina and Amis , two of the other Vetri places, and enjoyed them both.  This visit was disappointing to say the least.  
Service: Poor
1. Waitress was not knowledgable about what was being served, nor with portion size when asked.
2. Waitress was in a rush throughout the entire service, from the time she asked us for our drink order through the taking of our order to hustling us out after dessert.
3. A busboy that hovers like a hawk on a telephone pole waiting for you to eat the last morsel on your plate so that he can immediately whisk it away.  He miss timed his effort and I needed to tell him to go away so that I could finish.
4. We booked through opentable, so we had a reservation. Yet in an place that was less than a quarter filled we were sat at the table next to the wait staff service area, a large cupboard.  My thought was this is the table usually saved for walk-ins on crowded evenings.
5. the wait staff served us from the aforementioned waitstaff area, reaching across the cupboard and rather awkwardly across the table.
6. When my wife dropped her fork, the aforementioned busboy/hawk or waitress was nowhere to be found.  This seemed odd since they are repeatedly interrupting the conversation to ask if you need anything.
7.Steak knife with damaged handle.
Presentation
1. The spit roasted pig that I order with roasted potatoes look haphazardly thrown on the plate.  
Food
1. The roasted pig was good as was the ravioli special.  The charred pole beans were limp and the roasted potatoes old.Tolles Essen mit Interieur mit Liebe zum Detail! 
Ist allerdings noch lange nicht so gut wie die authentische Pasta oder Pizza in Italien oder beim Italiener in Deutschland.Had dinner in N Philly on a rainy night. Luckily, there was parking around the corner. On a nonuniform street of grit, next to a church, is Mark Vetri's second restaurant. An extremely warm atrium abutting the main dining room causes the patron seated there to walk a good minute before reaching the low-lit table adorned with small vase and fresh flowers. it is romantic and warm (pun intended!) off came the shawl.
Parusso Barolo---$21 for a glass (ahhhhh..dreams of Piedmont). Oversight on our part. Too rich for our blood!
Bread basket came with only olive oil...super fresh. Delicious.
Ciareghi sausage (wild boar) with polenta and a quail egg---the polenta was still very relaxed and we found it a bit too oily.
I tried the candele pasta with boar ragout. Great chew on the gnarled thick carb, and the sauce was very tasty, though could have done with tad more liquid....that ragout.
He had the cod entree, which was cooked well, but very very light in flavor profile with its accompaniments.
Dinner was satisfying. We were hoping for blow-me-away. Still, for a mid-week meal, place sure was buzzin!
PS bathroom is looong haul, alongside the kitchen, if not seated in the main dining.great meal.  awesome pizza and pastas.  another great addition to the vetri family.Went here for a birthday dinner with 5 other people so had an opportunity to try a lot of food... I can honestly say that the halibut was the Best. Fish. I. Have. Ever. Eaten. It was absolutely heavenly, and the figs with pistachio creme on the side were unbelievable. Went by yelp reviews and got Lombardo pizza as well, and while it was good I wish I had considered some others too (went for it without reading other options). Tartare with ramps, wood grilled octapus and the antipasti special (a mix of several perfectly seasoned vegetables) were great to split for starters. The snapper with sepia was also to die for, as was the sorbet and gelati. The sorbet/gelati was a huge portion, plenty to share. The flavors we had were raspberry, pistachio and tarragon sorbet, and blueberry stracitella and salted butter gelati. The tarragon was the night's frozen desert winner. I also enjoyed the salted butter gelati, although it kind of tasted like french vanilla. The polenta budino was okay and the and apricot tart with  (I believe pistachio sorbet?) was delectable, a great contrast of warm and cold. Impeccable service, fantastic wine and cocktails, I wish I could give this 5 stars but the rabbit entrée, although quite a hit, was slightly too salty for my taste.Not impressed.  
After reading reviews and online about how great Osteria is, we were excited to say the least.  We did the sampler course which was a little bit of everything from each course.  The thing that sticks out mostly is the lasagna was extremely small, flat and burnt.  Granted I'm not on the up and up on traditional italian lasagna but this was almost insulting.  At most it was 1/2" thick.  The server just rattled off the menu when asked for suggestions or most popular items.  Perhaps we should have tried a specific item on the menu...in any case, this was not up to snuff, especially for the price paid.  We will not be back.Had an exceptional experience here last week.  The service was outstanding; as professional as it could be, yet relaxed and unobtrusive.  The food and wine service went well beyond my expectations.  The group that I was with found the atmosphere very conducive to conversation, everyone was able to enjoy the company at the table while sampling some of the best food we've had in Philly in a long time.  I highly recommend this place for small gatherings of 4 to 8 people.  One of the highlights was a roasted pig's head appetizer...talk about a conversation starter.  We enjoyed the experience so much, we even stayed for dessert and after dinner drinks.  Can't wait to go back!There is too much to type to be quite honest about osteria. I will say this; my fiancé and i, Went t celebrate our engagement. We did not even tell the server that's why we were there. It was hands down the best restaurant experience we have ever had in the city of Philadelphia. 
Everything, and I mean everything was perfect! The food, the wine, the ambiance.
Bravo Marc vetri, if. Can ever afford it, I will be backThe duck was amazing, brilliantly cooked medium rare - actually a bit on the raw side which I so love...and it was served on top of this delicious red cabbage and speck...
I'm tempted to give it 5 stars just because I loved that one entree so much, but I couldn't because I tried several appetizers that were guilty of being too small/not filling, and also not so tasty. We tried the rabbit sausage, which was somewhat tasty, but just so tiny - I hate feeling like I'm getting ripped off. That mullet fish was also overly fishy...
The mushrooms topping the seabass were delicious, and the seabass was pretty good too. I like unique mushrooms.
the vegetable medley was delicious... heavily recommended for the way they cook those brussel sprouts + the swiss chard.
The prosciutto pizzas were ok, but not worthy of the incredible praise they seem to be getting; then again, I'm not much of a pizza person, and I like those really thick pizzas, so maybe it's just a personal thing.I just had a business dinner here tonight, and I my entire group without exception was very dissatisfied with the food.  One of the worst parts of the meal was the fish, which was suppose to come filleted but instead came with head and tail (no problem).  We asked the waiter to fillet the fish, and what came back was a pile of mush filed with bones.  Inedible.  The cheese plate was very good, but the waiter didn't remember the names of all of the cheeses.  Also, our waitress was polite, but we didn't see very much of her, and when we were finished with our entrees, we were searching for her.  Bottom line is that my group found Osteria to be below average at best -- at least on this Thursday night -- but from my perspective I would likely not return voluntarily.  As an aside, the restaurant is very, very rustic.First things first: the food here is great.  The menu is full of interesting combinations while still offering some of the staples you'd expect in a "rustic Italian" style restaurant.  To me, a great litmus test for a restaurant is how well they can pull off simplicity and Osteria hits the nail on the head: we had an appetizer consisting of an array of vegetables that were each perfectly cooked to show off their unique flavors and the gnocchi with peas and prosciutto that I ordered was wonderfully balanced in its sweetness and saltiness.   Also, if you are looking to experience Vetri on the cheap, pay attention to the specials since a few of them when we were there were dishes from that restaurant.  
Unlike Nicole R., I thought  the wine list was exciting precisely because it was only Italian whites but she is definitely right about the prices: the wines by the glass were a bit steep and you had to search the list to find an interesting bottle that wasn't highly marked up.  If you have money to spend though, there are some nice offerings to be had.
I had to knock off one star because I wasn't at all impressed with the room and the layout.  I guess I prefer my Italian places cozy and I found Osteria to be cold (figuratively and literally) and uninviting with it's sweeping ceilings and cramped dining.  Although, the close dining lead to us having an interesting discussion with the party at the next table.  The staff was also a bit overbearing in their attentiveness.
As a final heads up: it's close enough to walk to from the main city center (15-20 minutes or so, depending on your speed) but the walk isn't that interesting for the most part (parking lots and such).  I would take a cab next time--we did on the way back.Great all around dining experience!
Came here with a group of 6, which included 2 kids. Great ambiance, the instant you walk in you are surrounded by the amazing smells of gourmet Italian and what I think are brick fired pizzas.
Terrific service. Placemats to color on.
Favorite dishes: pizza, sage gimlet, the ridiculously large bread basket
Stranger dishes: gnocchi was unusual... Larger potato dumplings than usual. The Greek yogurt cheesecake wasn't too tasty.
But overall, just a great place!I love coming to Osteria. The grilled octopus is amazing. It's also something I never thought I'd eat, but Osteria makes it downright delicious. I ordered the black bass as my main entree, and was not disappointed. Light, flaky, and full of flavor. The octopus pizza is also great.
Some entrees are bigger than others, but I have never walked out of the restaurant hungry. The prices are a bit high, so I don't come often. But when I do, it"s always a good meal.Maybe I'm not a real "foodie", or I just don't get out that much, but I didn't care for this place. My sister in law had recommended it for my husband and I celebrating our anniversary. We have never felt so out of place before. First of all, it was so hard to read the menu, because it was dark in there and then we couldn't even understand it! I don't know if it was written in Italian or what, but it was difficult to determine what was offered. So we joked with the waitress and asked her to translate/ read for us or recommend something. She either didn't have a sense of humor or was just plain rude, because she was no help at all. She was so unattentive, couldn't even refill water glasses, forgot to come back to us to eventually take our order, and barely spoke to us. From the way she treated us, I just wanted to go home. In the end, I ordered some kind of pizza, which I could have gotten any place else, nor did I expect to be eating pizza for my anniversary dinner! My husband ordered some kind of wild boar pasta, which we read about thanks to a yelp review, and he seemed to enjoy the dish. However, it was not the best place for us to celebrate our anniversary. I would never go back there again. I don't know how this was listed as one of the best in Philly. Maybe to some food snobs, but not for the average person looking for a nice place to celebrate an event. Not for me!I've been here twice and can say that it's some of best Italian food I've ever had. What I love most about this place is the high percentage of unusual or non-traditional Italian dishes on the menu. The dishes and flavor combinations are unique and creative (e. g. pizza with cape may salt oysters with cucumber spaghettini and house grown raspberries), and it won't be long until you realize this is unlike most (even fancy) Italian food you've had.
Ask your waiter if they're serving the assorted roasted vegetables that evening. This is probably the simplest yet one of the most delicious dishes. I've honestly never had better vegetables, ever. It's not on the menu but it's a regular special and it makes the perfect appetizer.
It can get quite noisy, and the decor is somewhat cheesy, but neither really detracts from the experience.Literally the best meal I've had in Philly since I moved. Intimate and warm space with great service. I decided to gorge so I could try a few different things and I was not disappointed! I started with the lazzi cocktail (aperol grapefruit sparkling drink) which was perfectly refreshing for summer. Had the charred octopus to start which was cooked perfectly. I tried the Pannochia pizza which was a great summer treat with corn and truffle and had a half plate of the Mafaldine pasta.  The rabbit was cooked to perfection and not at all gamey. Can not wait to come back... and this time leave room for dessert!Great food. Good cocktails. Mediocre service. Insane (at least 350%) mark-up on bottles and glasses of wine.Very warm space with an interesting menu. We had the octopus and grilled veggies as entrees and the apricot sorbet w almond crostini for desert. Excellent service. 
We were there for lunch but would really like to try the dinner menu.One word, sounds like...BLAH. 
Went here a few weeks ago thinking it would be a good spot but the three things we ordered were just meh (or blah) if you like. The pizza was ordinary, the salad was gross, and the pasta was overly salty and limp. 
I think the salad was perhaps the most egregious - they had given us a plate for of dandelion leaves (which are very bitter) but did not mix them with other greens. There were two or three pieces of thinly sliced radish and a sprinkle of another vegetable that escapes me. Finally, the pea dressing. It made the dish look toxic - I'm talking teenage mutant ninja turtles toxic. But, we said, this is a Marc Vetri restaurant -I'm sure they know what they're doing. Spoiler alert - they didn't. It was like eating a handful of crab grass on your local playground. 
Also - the waitress creepily hovered over us throughout the meal. It was not service, it was very uncomfortable. She didn't have the rhythm that more savvy servers do, instead she kept popping in and lingering. Also - ambiance was weird. It's built to be warm and lively but the music was off, it was really empty for a Friday night at 8, generally there was no life in the place.
Others might not agree but after having been to so many similar restaurants that execute this much better, Barbuzzo, to name a local one, it's hard to stomach the food and the cost. Seriously - it's really expensive and then it's like being at a bad chain restaurant. (Also if you're in Brooklyn, walk, no run, to Franny's - this place does it right. The pizza is knee buckling good).So a couple friends and I dined at Osteria after completing our Legal Issues final. We didn't have reservations and just walked in at 8pm on a Thursday, we were seated quickly, although it was right by the door... 
 This was my first time trying Italian food, so everything was a new experience. To start we ordered the Badiola Vermentino ($12), sicilian lemonade ($11) and the osteria punch ($7). We were served an assortment of bread with olive oil, which was delish. For appetizers, we got the smoked sable ($16) and the snail in bone marrow($20). The sable was an interesting experience for me, but I enjoyed it by the last bite. And the snails were a bit overcooked for me, but the bone marrow and the seasoned bread was so flavorful. 
I ordered the Lombarda, which I loved, as I am a pizza fan. The egg in the middle, bursted when you pulled apart the pizza and that was my favorite part. The pizza itself was thin, crispy. We also got the spaghetti, maccheroni, and steak. I loved the flavors of the pasta, especially the spaghetti because it was sooo creamy. But they were really salty for my palette. Maybe, it's natural like that, and I haven't been exposed to this type of flavors before, but it still tasted delish to me. Although I keep drinking alot of water. Maccheroni was ok and the streak was alright, although I loved the califlower that came with it! It was light, with a strong taste of lemon/lime, which i love!
The waiter was nice, service was a bit slow for me, but overall nice experience.Used to  absolutely love, love , love  Osteria ..went many times prior to new ownership. Dined there tonight and was so disappointed in the decline in service and most of all quality of the food. The limited menu was difficult to understand. My husband ordered the bolognese with wild boar which had no red sauce (very strange )and was tasteless. The mista salad had so much salt it was inedible. The ravioli portion was so small and again too salty. My son's margherita pizza was also disappointing. Our waiter never checked on us to see how our meal was..overall a thumbs down . Never again.Bustling & busy on the Saturday night I ate here, this is an outstanding restaurant that well executed many creative dishes. 
The list of canned & bottled microbrews is impressive (plus three on tap). I started with a half portion of a home-made pasta dish (all the "second" dishes, pasta, can be ordered as appetizer portions) it was a corelinno noodle I've never had, with duck. Many change on a regular basis.  The swordfish was wonderful, with citrus & pine nuts, and a fennel sauce. 
The pastry desert (bonet with home-made gelato) was the great finish.I made the booking for us and two friends. One is a vegetarian, and the others somewhat picky. With a reputation for it's "variety meat offerings" I worried the menu might put them off. As for me I am a totally double diamond foodie, I was eager to "go off the rails" with some of their more exotic dishes.  
  All that said, Osteria had something for EVERYONE; Foodie or neophyte. My partner had the Margherita pizza. Looking dry and bland was instead AWESOME. A very thin crust was slightly smokey and salty with occasional rich cheese and fresh basil. 
    I followed Yelp comments and had the chicken liver rigatoni. Awesome, but sadly for my diet, I ate nearly all of it. 
  And while others said pass on dessert, we opted for the gelato and sorbet. The sweet corn gelato was amazing. Best was service, she was more than an order taker. She described each dish, asked our likes and dislikes guided us through the AWESOME experience.Having DJ'd off Broad st. in a few choice neighborhoods near Cambria and Germantown in North Philly, I'm surprised at other reviews saying this location is less than desireable.  This in fact is quite Disneyland like in contrast.  We had a great time at this place and thoroughly enjoyed our meal.  We started with a pizza with an egg on it which initially had me scratching my head but it proved to be quite delicuious.  Next with a Feasant lasagna, which at first I thought my taste gamey buit was very chicken like and moist.  Service was adept and attentive.  Overall great...but not over the top amazing.I went for an early dinner with my mom and everything was great! For an appetizer we shared an order of the wood-grilled octopus. Main course: my mom had the rabbit casalinga with polenta, and I had the special of roast pig topped with crispy skin alongside roasted potatoes; we split an order of artichokes as a side. The octopus was the best I've ever had, better than the one I had at the Standard Tap (also located in Philly). I tried some of my mom's rabbit and it was very good, but my main course was better. Not only was it the best slow-roasted pig I've ever had, the crispy skin on top was like icing on a cake, so good. To top it off, the grilled artichokes in olive oil were (once again) the best I've ever had, and I spent a semester abroad in Rome, Italy last summer so that tells you how good they are. Since it is on the pricey side, this place is more for a special occasion as opposed to a normal friday night out, but it is definitely worth it. If you order one thing when you go there, get the octopus, it's that good (though a bit small, but very good regardless).My husband and I had a superb meal here. The plata primi of spaghetti with house  made Italian sausage and a light pecorino cream sauce with fresh black pepper was flavorful and melted in our mouths. For the main plate I had the smoked brisket with peaches and radicchio slaw that was very tender and had a wonderful sweet and smokey taste.  My husband had spit roasted pork that was tender , moist and gently seasoned with rosemary.  It was served with oven roasted potatoes and crunchy, crispy roasted pork skin. The homemade pistachio and lemon verbena  gelato was a perfect ending to a fabulous dining experience. Vincent was our waiter and provided great descriptions of the menu items to help us make our choices.  The restaurant decor is comfortably wine- country chic, impeccably clean and staff worked flawlessly as a  team providing us with first class and kind service. We highly recommend Osteria!My boyfriend and I had a just because dinner at Osteria Friday evening. We chose the chef's tasting menu - for $65/person it is a 4 course menu and each course consists of 2 different items you share. Generally, you don't pick the items you would like, the chef surprises you. We mentioned that I love octopus, so they made sure we got an order of that! We also were going to add a cheese plate, but they let us sub in the cheese as one of our dessert courses! The staff was exceptional and very accommodating. If you wanted to keep it on the less expensive end, you could certainly go for pizza and an appetizer. We didn't try the pizza this time, but several tables around us seemed to be enjoying it.  The restaurant is definitely energetic - great for either a couple or a group! We will definitely be back!My friend asked me about 3 times if I ever had a pizza with a runny egg (answer: no) and I thought it was a random question to ask, but during a trip to Philly he took me to Osteria to try pizza with a runny egg and I get the obsession.  My only issue is that there should be more runny eggs on it than just the one because it is TOO good.
We also had a few pasta dishes that were just as good and a begnit dessert to finish it all off for an amazing meal.  Everything was perfect...including the service...it was actually so good that I was laughing half the time our server came over because he was just so happy and enthusiastic.Food was great.  We had gone to Barbuzzo the nite before - a bit more reserved, vibe not as intense as Barbuzzo.  Well worth the visit and highly recommend.  One item that I will change for my next visit is the ordering, I would get a couple/few of antipasti, a pizza, a couple/few of primi and a couple/few of secondi - for a party of four - and do everything family style.Great for private parties! 
Attended a birthday party in the private room on a busy Saturday night and we are still raving about the experience.  The unbelievably attentive staff (Seth!) along with superb food made this an incredible dining experience.  The fried mozzarella was somehow light and airy, and the other appetizer pizzas were incredible.  Broccoli Rabe Pesto & pine nut pasta was phenomenal, as was the goat cheese & beet plin (like a small ravioli).  The steak and the trout were just perfection.  They have a superior wine list.  To top it all off, there were also fabulous desserts (I'm still thinking about the hazelnut polenta and the pistachio ice cream!!).  The staff were all lovely and solicitous, and right on top of everything.  Our water glasses were always full, the staff answered all of our questions -- a really perfect evening at a venue I'd highly recommend for a special celebration.I came here for my brother-in-law's graduation dinner. I was impressed by some parts of my experience and others not so much. 
Service was great--the servers were very attentive and well-versed on the menu. We were seated in a room in a back that was relatively private, so that was nice. We ordered the mixed vegetable antipasti special of the day, which consisted of brussels sprouts, beets, roasted peppers, arugula, etc.--this was delicious. We tried the Polpo, the octopus pizza, which was pretty good but not mind-blowing and not better than Barbuzzo or Nomad. Our table also ordered the Piselli and the Parma, and my previously stated evaluation still holds.
For my entree, I got the rabbit "casalinga" with pancetta, sage, brown butter and soft polenta, and this was underwhelming. I found the rabbit meat to be too salty, which overpowered any other flavors, and more than half of my meat portion was pretty tough and dry. The waiter said that this was one of their specialties, but I would not recommend it. I preferred the chicken liver rigatoni, which my brother-in-law ordered for us to share. The lamb leg was decent but seemed overpriced.
Overall, it's a decent restaurant but I think it is generally overrated.We found street parking fairly quickly behind Osteria. We were seated in their nice sun room which I enjoyed. 
Our waiter brought out lots of salted bread and bread sticks and always made sure our basket and drinks were full :) 
We chose the Lamb belly appetizer which was a special of the night and was not on the actual menu. I recommend you try these! Very flavorful and savory. I'll be back for these. 
We ordered the Rib-eye steak for two (32oz). We were warned about the 40 minute cooking time before placing our order. We didn't mind the wait. I don't think it took that long anyway. The steak was then brought out to us. For verification? I don't understand. Then it was returned to the kitchen to be cut and plated. We immediately fell in love with the flavor. Mouth watering, perfectly cooked steak. What else could you ask for? 
We chose to take it to full throttle and order dessert. I had the Nutella tart which was good but nothing special. Steve had a trio of Chocolate Cannoli's with ice cream filling. Now those had the "special" I was looking for. 
As expected, the staff was very nice and knowledgeable. We can't wait to go back to Osteria and try other Marc Vetri restaurants as well.Although Best Thing I Ever Ate suggested Osteria for its pizza, the highlight of this meal was the dessert.  The blood orange crostata with 63% manjari chocolate was the perfect marriage of flavors: tart blood orange, light cookie-like pie, and bittersweet dark chocolate.
The lombarda (baked egg, bitto cheese, mozzarella, and cotechino sausage) was very, very delicious though it fell short of Pulino's artisan pizza circa Nate Appleman.  Still, it's the second best I've had.Osteria is a great Italian restaraunt perfect for that "date night" atmosphere.  It's busy whilst still keeping some intimacy in tact.  The menu is a little pricey and their portions aren't huge, but the food is fantastic.  I tried rabbit for the first time at Osteria and absolutely loved it.  They seemed to be out of some menu items the night I went, but overall it was a great experience, and I would go again!The pasta was as fresh as it could be and the Pizza was cooked just right.  A great spot for good, fresh foods that don't break the bank.Great food and so filling. Everything we had was awesome except the flan like dessert which was too sour for my taste. The menu seems as though it is seasonal as I do not see some of the items pictured on Yelp on the menu. We had 4 different dishes but the one that stood out to me was the squid ink pasta. I would highly recommend if you are here for dinner. Thy have a large variety of beers and wine. We opted for a bottle and several cocktails. Our server was great and always prompt and answered our many questions. Can't wait to come back.Everything was delicious. We had the pasta, pizza, seasonal veggies, and side of mushrooms. Dessert was just ok - had the hazelnut and chocolate crostataWe were a party of 5 and were seated in the back room corner which was so dark we couldn't see our menus or our food! When I informed the waiter he suggested we use our flashlights on our phones. What?!! He said that's what others do. Then fix the problem! ugh. we all had to eat our dinner with our flashlights lit. Finally they brought over a few tea light candles which hardly helped. The food wasn't bad but the rigatoni with chicken liver tasted like hamburger helper. We all agreed we wouldn't go back.Osteria met expectations.  Pizza was really good.  Pasta was good and nothing was above and beyond here.  If it weren't for the inconvenient location, I'd probably go back.  (I'll stick to Vetri)God bless everything Marc Vetri puts his mind to in Philadelphia. I had been told that the pizza was fantastic but it wasn't until my third try that I, a pizza lover, tried their best snack. The pistachio pesto pizza was out of this world, simply put. 
My group also thoroughly enjoyed the chicken liver pâté pasta. It was super rich but super creative and super worth it. 
Although Osteria is usually booked solid on weekends, I've found that you can sit at the bar, or at a high top, with relative ease during these usually busy time periods.Very rustic, northern Italian feel from wine to food to atmosphere. Incredible wine and guidance from somm.
Food was excellent, service was even better. Definitely a must in philly and will be back!Where do I start? I have wanted to come here for years. I finally found the chance to come and it was everything I wanted and more. Making reservations was easy and hassle free. We sat down and the server was fantastic. He was so knowledgeable about the menu, the chefs, and other questions we had. Our glasses were always full and the help with how the menu worked was flawless. It was my birthday dinner and he even got the chefs to sign my menu along with the best coconut gelato I've ever had. My Macallan on the rocks was perfect. 
The meal was flawless, my favorite was the appetizer. We ordered the wood grilled octopus, and it was incredible. So tender and perfect, the flavors and presentation were spot on. The pastas we ordered were the liver rigatoni and the bone marrow ravioli. I could eat that liver rigatoni once a week and not get sick of it. They cooked the pasta so perfectly, I couldn't begin to tell you how perfect that dish was to me. The final entree was the rabbit over polenta, it was fantastic. I was amazed on how terrific the flavors melded together. Dessert was the pistachio gelato recommended by the server who was of course correct. I have dreamed of going to this restaurant for years and when I finally got to go to it, it was everything and more. I loved the expierience I had and would love to go again. Give this place a try and hopefully you will be as satisfied as I was.This is our special occasion place. The servers have always been so informative and definitely appreciate it when people are excited and interested about their food. The vegetable medley appetizer is one of the best apps in the city and a great way to start a meal that ends up being heavier on the bread, pasta, cheese, and meat side of things. The mozzarella in carrozza is a tightly packaged, glorified grilled cheese served with a tomato jam that helps cut the richness. It is definitely worth trying once (or twice or thrice or...) in your life
The pizzas are thin, crispy, and delicately topped. They are good and rustic, but I'm more partial to the pastas here. They seem to have the perfect noodle to sauce ratio. One of the more surprising pasta dishes that my bf and I loved was the crab, horseradish, and cream cappellini. Yeah- somehow that combo works. It's silky smooth with just a little itty bitty kick that makes it special.
The atmosphere is perfect for its unpretentious yet classy food. I just wish there were more special occasions to justify the trip here.Went into Osteria with the Mom-Dukes on a Wednesday night. The service was excellent, waiter was extremely knowledgeable and the food was great. My only beef was with the wines. I can appreciate a good wine, but to only have 5 or 6 offerings by the glass at $12 bucks a pop for the cheapest one, I felt that to be a bit steep.
I wanted to get the braised pig's head special, but i think my mom would have puked all over me as i devoured the poor little guys cranium. I will defintely come back here with a braver eater.
We split the margarita pizza to start, whcih was super good. Crispy, thin crust that you can cut with a fork just like in italy. I havent had pizza like that since i was over there.
For my entree, I had the milk-braised pork cheeks over some sort of puree, and it was fantastic. I'm a sucker for just about any part of the pig, and the cheek, when prepared properly, is probably my favorite. This was spot on and I woud definitely reccommend it. My mom had the ravioli in some sort of butter sauce with mushrooms that was very lite, but tasty.Since I stand behind the reviews I write, I need to tell you that if you want to have one of the best dining experiences of your life.... go to Osteria and sit at the bar when STEVEN is working.  Tell him to take good care of you and then.... TRUST HIM!    He is very good at what he does. VERY  good..   The food is amazing.  Steven will guide you through an amazing experience.   He guided my GF and I through the best meal we've ever had in Philly.    Osteria is for REAL!   (If you don't sit with Steven, that's up to you. Don't blame me).Amazing pasta with short ribs and pizza with pistachio pesto - loved the atmosphere and open kitchen. Great Valentine's Day dinner.Went here for my Wife's Birthday back in September. The atmosphere is great, had a cool calm décor and some rustic features thrown in. Our waiter was on point, extreme knowledgeable of the food and the flavors which really helped our food choices because everything on the menu looked delicious. We had the Wood Grilled Octopus and robiola "francobolli" postage stamp ravioli as appetizers. The flavors were exceptional and couldn't wait for the main meal.
My Wife ordered the chicken "alla griglia" and was totally pleased with the balanced flavors between the chicken, sweet corn, mushrooms and spinach. I had the Pork Chop which was cooked perfectly and I added a side of Polenta Rustic which was perfect complement to the meal.
For desert, we ordered raspberry and pistacchio linzertorte, boy was our sweet teeth satisfied. Also kudos on bringing a side ice cream w/ a candle for my wife's b-day. 
I highly recommend Osteria and all of Vetri's restaurants, always top notch food and service.So fucking good!!! Best place I've been in Philly so far. Recommend the brownie a la mode for dessertI am in no rush to go back to Osteria.  The food was great, but definitely pricey.  I agree with Erin A's review -- I paid about $75 for a pizza, 1/2 an app and splitting one of the less expensive bottles of wine.  
What really struck me is the astmosphere --something about it just felt wrong, too industrial, too forced, and the too-small table for two sealed the deal.Full review in the blog.
Helmed by Jeff Michaud, a Beard Award winner who actually began his cooking career as a youngster at a pizzeria, Osteria has gathered quite a following since its opening despite being rather far from the rest of the city's fine dining.  With extensive training first at Vetri and then in Michelin Starred restaurants across Italy and especially fond of rich, bold, and rustic foods it was actually as much Jeff's menu as Marc Vetri's that I had enjoyed at Amis - that fact alone had me excited for my visit.
Making my way into the rustic stylized interior of Osteria I have to say it is a beautiful space.  Highly polished woods, walls made of broken down boxes of wine, a vintage salumi slicer, and simplified table settings with rustic seating all lent to the feel of something vintage yet refined.
Weighing the pros and cons of the myriad fantastic sounding pizzas and pastas my water was refilled and I was presented with a bucolic basket made of a hollowed log.  Inside the basket would be warm slices of sea salted focaccia and semolina white bread and alongside an oil can of mildly sweet and glossy olive oil.  Not wanting to fill up on bread I would invariably fail in the task-while the semolina white was good, the focaccia was superb; moist, oily, and salty with a great crumb.
Presented plainly yet elegantly, my first taste would be that of Corn Tortelli with Ricotta Salata.  A half portion consisting of six small packets of luscious corn and cream the pasta was more tortellini that tortelli (traditionally round rings) but honestly I did not really care - paired with a simple sauce of clarified butter and shaved pecorino the dish tasted like the creamy equivalent of fresh buttered corn off the grill - a perfect summer dish for the warm weather outside as each pocket burst with dazzling flavor.
My second pasta, served simultaneously with the tortelli, would be the Chicken liver rigatoni with Cipolline onions and sage.  This time appropriately titled and served in a rustic bowl the handmade rigatoni was ideally prepared with just a bit of spring in it.  Utilizing ground chicken liver sweetened by melted Cipollinie onions and heavy hints of sage the sauce adhered beautifully to the pasta while grated parmesan added the slightest bit of bite.  At first somewhat grainy in mouth feel the sautéed liver actually melted on the tongue with minimal mastication and the entirety of the dish was decidedly rustic, but at the same time restrained despite using such heavy hitting ingredients.
Featuring a Romanesque thin and crispy crust that was lightly charred and slightly aerated despite its thinness I was impressed by the flavor the wood burning oven imbued.  Beginning with the left half as it looked the most interesting I was greeted with a rush of heat, flavor, smoke, and brine as I bit into Polpo.  Utilizing wood grilled octopus atop the wood grilled crust and pairing it with sweet tomatoes, coarse red chili flakes, and smoked mozzarella the entire dish had the essence of a hearty cioppino but in the form of a Pizza.  Not subtle in the least each flavor fought for the palate's attention yet none managed to overwhelm the others - a dazzling pie to say the least and I especially loved the presentation of whole tentacles both visually and orally.
The second half of the pizza was one suggested by Shane - he said it was the best pizza in the city.  Entitled Pannocchia and featuring blistered corn, grilled scallions, bufala mozzarella and black truffles it would honestly be hard to say whether this or Tacconelli's white was the best Pizza in the city -  in reality they're both amongst the top 5 I've had anywhere.  Underlied by the faintly woody charred crust, the flavor of the corn and scallions were perfectly paired while creamy pools of mozzarella accented with olive oil and the aroma of black truffles rose to the palate.
With dessert I'd enjoy bold flavors of La Colombe - a wonderful brew and aside from the house coffee at Daniel I can't think of a better compliment chocolate desserts.
For dessert, the Polenta budino with GianduJa mousse and candied hazelnuts.  Different from my previous budino experiences this version was nonetheless an absolute masterpiece.  Slightly gritty in texture and topped with the characteristic flavors of sweet chocolate and hazelnut in the form of an airy mousse the delicate pudding was sweet, salty, textural, and ethereal in mouth feel.   Adding a spoonful of candied Hazelnuts for added crunch and texture completed the picture and formed what is undoubtedly a member of the top 10 things I've eaten in 2010 - after the meal the maitre d' even gave me the recipe.
A stellar meal from start to finish aside from a small miscommunication about the half-pizza I can only say that Osteria is a formidable contender in my mind for best food memories of the year and that the budino will definitely be making an appearance at a future family get together.Dined with husband Sunday night and had a wonderful experience.  The staff was warm, welcoming and skilled. We chatted with Bill, the manager, who was charming.  He even offered assistance with our overall stay in Philadelphia.  He is a true asset ....
The staff know their stuff.  We enjoyed the convivió or shared menu.  It was brilliant.  Yes, the rigatoni with chicken livers was a star.  We also enjoyed the quail, rabbit and octopus.  The grilled vegetables were amazing.  
We have a new favorite restaurant in Philadelphia.  A great memorable meal.Osteria
640 N Broad St, Philadelphia, PA 19130 (215) 763-0920
I give you, Osteria. A seasonal Italian menu permeates the rustic feel of this place with a huge beautiful wood brick oven centered open kitchen serving up homemade pizzas as the centerpiece.  This is the second restaurant in the famous Vetri family of restaurants after of course Vetri, which I have also reviewed here.
Osteria opened in 2007 and has since become one of the East Coast's most famous Italian restaurants garnering much critical acclaim. Chefs Marc Vetri and Jeff Michaud certainly do the restaurant justice. 
An osteria in Italy was originally a place serving wine and simple food. Lately, the emphasis has shifted to the food, but menus tend to be short, with an emphasis on local specialties such as pasta, grilled meat or fish, and often served at shared tables. Ideal for a cheap lunch, osterie (the plural in Italian) also cater for after work and evening refreshment. Osterie vary greatly in practice: some only serve drinks and clients are allowed to bring in their own food; some have retained a predominantly male clientele whilst others have reached out to students and young professionals.
Very appropriately, the restaurant signage incorporates a bottle of wine in the process of being uncorked to suggest the Italian origins of the name.
Simple flowers decorate the wooden tables to give the restaurant a rustic feel in keeping with a traditional osteria theme.
A spacious dining area with open air vistas onto the patio and an enclosed glass seating area give one the feeling he is outside in an open air market.
The meal begins with a mix of breads, the most notable being some cheese-bread sticks laid on the top of the various housemade breads. Of course, olive oil accompanies the bread.
Osteria makes their own limoncello to give their Sicilian Lemonade the most delicious flavor.
Amazing Cocktail: Sicilian Lemonade: house made limoncello, fresh mint, lime.
Limoncello is made from lemon zest, or peels without the pith, steeped in rectified spirit (pure ethyl alcohol 95% ABV) until the oil is released. The resulting yellow liquid is then mixed with simple syrup. Varying sugar to water ratio and temperature will affect the clarity, viscosity, and flavor.
To start the meal off we chose the special: Osteria's take on a classic Italian dish: the bruschetta.  It was not quite as amazing as I had hoped given the hype over this restaurant.  However, I was already on my second mouth-watering Sicilian Lemonade, so I didn't really pay too much attention to this obvious faux pas. The bread was a little too charred for my taste and the tomatoes were either soaked in juice or were just saturated too long because they were literally the consistency of an over-ripened peach. They didn't taste bad by any means, but I'm used to a little more crunch  to my tomatoes. This is of course personal preference talking here as I'm sure others would love some squishy tomatoes but I like a little crunch in my bunch of veggies.
Next up, in my quest for being a culinary-adventurer, I decided on the grilled veal sweetbread spiedini with stonefruits and pine nuts. The term "spiedie" comes from the Italian spiedo meaning spit or spiedini referring to cubes or balls of meat cooked on a skewer.  Hence we are able to see the sweetbread (spiedini) served on a skewer (spiedo). Sweetbread of course refers to thymus (also called throat, gullet, or neck sweetbread) or the pancreas (also called heart, stomach, or belly sweetbread), especially of the calf (ris de veau) and lamb (ris d'agneau), and less commonly of beef and pork. Since veal is generally produced from young male calves, I'm assuming I was eating pancreas, but it is of course impossible to tell. The sweetbread itself is very chewy and largely tasteless which is balanced by the sweetness of the stonefruit and pine nuts. The pine nuts are the small yellow seeds visible while the stone fruit are the orange fruits surrounding the skewer.
My dinner companion's mozzarella cheese balls with tomato sauce was decidedly better than the sweetbread.
Grilled wild Alaskan king salmon with zucchini, herb oil and salmon terrine. Terrine is a French forcemeat (mixture of ground, lean meat emulsified with fat) loaf similar to a pâté, made with more coarsely chopped ingredients. So in this dish, the terrine would be the pink half circle wrapped in the zucchini skin. The salmon itself was a bit raw for my taste. I like the fish to be pink (medium preparation) while this salmon seemed at any moment ready to swim off my plate. I also prefer the salmon to be descaled , but that is personal preference.  It wasn't bad, but as my friend would say, "I was eating it because it was there."A party of seven for dinner.  We have been to Osteria a number of times and I have loved their entrees and wine list.  A solid four stars but, no longer in my opinion.  The deserts are horrible.  The tiramisu was tasteless or, more to the point, like old cardboard.It was a struggle.  Trying to narrow down which delicious meals to order.  So make sure to pick 2 -3 ;at least one of the pastas. Oh and make sure to leave room for dessert!  The food exceeded our expectations.
 The beauty of the plating deserves recognition! Simple, clean, perfect.   Our favorite part was all the special attention we received from Chef to waiter.  We will return.Been several times- usually it's a 4-5, this time it was more like a 3 star. Our most recent was on New Year's Eve and We were seated Immediately.  Maybe it was just because of the holiday but something was off. The service which is usually impeccable was slow and almost standoffish. I kept watching our waiter mill around with the water containers or wiping glasses. 
We were provided menus but then it took a very long time for the waiter to come back and take our drink order. I thought we already hand when my friend mentioned that we were still waiting. 
Finally we got our drinks. Ordered the crudo and grilled octopus. Then hubby and I shared the aged ribeye and our friend had a pasta dish. 
We got the octopus and they dropped off a tartare- when I mentioned to the server that we didn't order tartare- she quickly apologized and offered us the dish anyway. I was going to turn it down but my friend said - why not?  Luckily I listened to her because it was one of the best dishes and I am not a raw meat kind of girl. But that and the crudo were perfectly done. The octopus was a little sad and presented poorly- I definitely have had better here. The steak was tough and over cooked - even though we asked for medium - it was more like medium well. We asked for a side of potatoes (cheesey) and those were also fab. 
In the end, the tartare, crudo and cheesey potatoes were the best of the evening. Will I be back? Of course, it's Marc Vetri for goodness sakes.I was really excited when Osteria opened. I thought - great, a more reasonable Vetri? Lots of seating - the place is huge! Nice atmosphere and great staff. However, stick to the appetizers. My fish - let's just say, "would you like some fish with that salt?".So, I ate at Osteria a year ago, but seeing as that meal has still stuck with me all this time, clearly it's deserving of a stellar rating. 
My mom and I came here for a celebratory end-of-semester dinner in May 2015. We were seated at one of the tables in the restaurant's adorable indoor/outdoor "patio", complete with trees strung with lights but comfortably inside and air conditioned. Service was fantastic, our waiter recommended stellar wines and briskly brought out a bread basket of all kinds of savory baked goodies for snacking. We had an amazing couple hour meal, the highlight of which was a spring special mint-pea ravioli that is, to this day (after trips to Italy and a lot of time in NYC, mind you), the best pasta I have ever eaten. Also memorable was the passion fruit and strawberry sorbet we ordered for dessert. 
Exceptional service, fun yet elegant atmosphere, highly recommend for special occasions.If you do not dine at Osteria, know that you will truly be missing out on one of the best culinary experiences of your life. We dined here last night and did the chef's tasting menu- chefs choice for everything. To say we were blown away is an understatement. 
The food was simply outstanding. It will rival your expectations and previous experiences. Every dish was unique, incredibly fresh ingredients, beautiful presentation and spectacular every single time. 
The ambiance was wonderful and the service was incredible. We saw the managers Liz and Bill, on multiple occasions, and the wait staff was perfect. Staff was timely, personable, attentive, and very knowledgeable about the food. I have not a single complaint - only that I wish I had dined here sooner.What to say about this place........ this place is eff'n amazingggggggg! The hostess was warm and inviting, our waiter Brandon was so knowledgeable of the menu and accommodation for my husband who is not an adventurous eater , the menu is very rustic and a new classic spin on Italian food. Everything is made fresh to order and the chef who was absolutely a amazing top of his game chef , he even sent us extra raviolis because my husband enjoyed so much, we had the special for the night the chicken liver rigatoni with sage and cipolini onions to die for I'm telling you yummyyyy! Roasted Brussels sprouts cooked to perfection! The octopus brined and nice char and super flavor full. Roasted chicken and I mean not many places if any does chicken season to the bone and so full of flavor you can taste herb brine all the way thru crispy skin and a sauce to top it off! I was craving fresh pasta with unique sauce or spin, and that's exactly what I got! This is def a philly gem ! And being a chef and foodie I was more than pleased with my date night at osteria! Just Amazing! Thanks for the amazing night' '! Oh my we had two deserts the polenta and cannoli sooooo good! My stars! What a great evening!We need half stars darnit! 
I am underwhelmed. And my pockets are now void of funds. I mean, I knew what I was doing, but there must be something in the air at Osteria that makes you spend a ton of money, or maybe it's just the prices. We had a table of six for a birthday dinner and our bill was $425, without tip, which I don't actually consider to be insanely pricey, unless my tummy and palette are left unsatisfied. And they were. This was my second dining experience at Osteria, and both times left me feeling, just ok, rather than A-OK. 
Let's start with the service. We ordered drinks, but somehow the server left without asking my husband what he'd like. When I flagged her down she was sure to say, "Ok, I'll put in your additional request." I know, that sounds innocent, but it was kind of snotty. And maybe fess up to the fact that you completely ignored him and forgot to take his order. It's just good manners, thanks.  Service remained like this for the rest of the night. We sat with empty, used plates in front of us for quite some time.  The worst offense was one of my friends had a glass of wine she'd ordered at the bar, and then a glass of wine from a bottle that was purchased at the table.  She had not finished her first glass, but the waitress poured some of the new bottle into her not yet empty DIFFERENT wine, while also ignoring the empty wine glass in front of the birthday girl. Uh, what? It happened so fast and she walked away so fast that we couldn't even let her know what she'd done.  Food was brought out at a reasonable pace, except our coffees came about 10 minutes before our desserts so they were cold if you didn't finish them before dessert was delivered. 
The food was also just ok, especially for the prices.  I do love the artichokes alla giudia and find them worth every penny. My pasta was good, but the price tag that came with it was not. I split the polenta rustica with my husband.  It came out scalding hot so I burned my tongue. Once it cooled we found it to be ridiculously bland. I didn't know rustica meant seasonless. We asked for salt and pepper and it improved it greatly.   I don't hate the food, I just didn't find myself swooning over it at all, while I've eaten at Amis and loved it. Odd. My first visit to Osteria left me feeling the same way. It included a few apps and sides, pasta, pizza, which was $22 for some cheese and pumpkin chunks. It was just downright insulting. My dessert was dry and bland on that occasion, but was redeemed last night by the cappuccino bignet with chocolate caramel sauce. The plate was overflowing with rich goodness, I had to take half of it home. 
Ok now drinks. Those are pretty good. I love the delicious Fresco cocktail of lime and gin and uhhh, I think basil, I don't know, it was yum. I'd love to see more than five cocktails on the menu though, and they didn't seem to change in a year so that'd be a nice touch too. I also ordered an extra dirty grey goose martini, the most expensive one I've ever ordered at $15. It was quite delicious though. Everyone seemed happy with their wine and beers as well. 
After two blah visits I think I'm done.4 food
4 service
4 ambience
The food was good, but not mind blowing, which should be expected for the prices. The cheese plate and vegetable appetizer were good and varied, but the cheese accompaniments didnt match well with the cheeses. The vegetables were interesting and new in their composition, but parts of them fell flat. The grilled octopus is a must try. The squid ink pasta was okay, and boring. The mushroom ravioli was good, but overly greasy. Chocolate flan was more like chocolate lava cake a la mode. Was very good. Overall  portion sizes were small.
The service was good, with lots of new cutlery and dishes, but there were times when the waitress was not around.
The decor was nice, the bathroom situation was wierd, and you will leave smelling like wood smoke.
Overall, I would come again. Good restaurant in philadelphia.Went here for center city restaurant week on a double date. My reservation was at 9 didn't get seated until 9:30. They went above and beyond to make up for it when we were seated we were served complementary champagne. Followed by complementary pizza. Then my girlfriend myself and another couple all enjoyed the 4 course center city restaurant week meal in which we got to try 6 different plates. After that we were served a complimentary dessert. To say we were satisfied is an understatement. I have come to osteria 5 times or so and have always had a meal to remember. I will continue to come to osteria at least 2 times a year for as long as I am in the Philadelphia area. They have a fluid menu that always has delicious surprises and a service that can't be matched. Thanks for another memorable meal Osteria.BEWARE! I got robbed by this place. The food tastes great but the portions are tiny. There is no way a grown man can eat here and be satisfied. If it were up to me, this place should be reclassified as a tapas joint.Accessible way to try Vetri's delicious food.
Order the following and you won't be dissapointed:
- grilled octopus
- lombarda pizza
- chicken liver rigatoni
Grab a glass of wine and enjoy!My wife and I celebrated our 3-year anniversary here on Friday evening and the experience did not disappoint. I'm not necessarily a great food critic (that's my wife's area of expertise); however, I am a pretty good judge of character and one element of our dinner experience fell firmly within my arena - the service. 
Olivia C. was our server for the evening and from the first encounter to the last I was blown away by her kindness, good humor, and genuine hospitality. As my wife and I communicated to her at the end of our meal, there are a lot of restaurants that can provide really good food, and in Philadelphia right now, the competition is stiff! But oftentimes the differential advantage between a good restaurant and a great one is the people. Olivia was that differential advantage. 
Food is a necessity in our lives. Sure, it helps to embody what makes one community distinct from another and we can derive a lot of pleasure from it, as I did when I consumed Osteria's malfaldine and ribeye on Friday evening! However, at the end of the day we simply need food to live. People on the other hand? People are the joy of life. They are the substance of what makes us human in the first place. We are defined by the relationships that we inhabit. And we are more deeply defined by the way that we treat strangers when they show up at our tables, whether that table is a taxi cab, a street corner, or an actual table at an upscale restaurant in Philadelphia. 
On Friday, we were not treated as strangers, but as friends. And that made all the difference.I've had several excellent meals here. Their wine selection is outstanding. They do homemade pastas that are out of this world! My favorite is the postage stamp pasta. I don't know how they get it so thin. The atmosphere is very nice and I adore the outdoor space. It is a bit pricy, but I recommend giving it a try!One of the best Fine Italian restaurants i have ever been. Service is excellent but you may need to make a reservation well in advance.I pretty much get the same two things every time I go here. Everything else I've tried has been delicious as well, but the Lombarda pizza and the Wild Boar Candele pasta bolognese are amazing. Can't recommend these enough. Also, the pasta serving is generous enough that I usually have leftovers. LOVE this place and keep going back to get the same things. Went for lunch recently for the first time too which was nice!Excellent food and service. Started with grilled octopus. I had the ravioli special (pancetta and ricotta) and my husband also had a pasta dish. The cocktails were also very good. I enjoyed the sicilian lemonade, which was refreshing on a summer night. The desserts were also tasty. We walked from center city, but there is valet and street parking.Hip, great service, but seriously lacking in value - the several dishes I sampled were tiny portions, nothing special taste-wise, and overpriced. I would still try this for the ambiance!A more approachable and easily accessible sister restaurant for Vetri's. Pizza was authentic and great and I even enjoyed the rabbit dish they had. Location in north philly is horrible though. It's a shame that it's not closet to the popular areas.I've been wanting to try this place since moving to Philly over a year ago; finally made it over Christmas break. Street parking was easy to find, they also have valet, and it's enough on the subway. Getting into the sketchier end of Broad St tho, so use your discretion on getting there.
The decor was nice, very wine cellar-y, very chill. Our waiter was very well versed in the offerings, and was eager to help us all decide on what to order, going through descriptions of many dishes before we made up our minds. 
The food was all delicious. We sampled a lot of pasta dishes, and a pizza. The pastas were very well made, delicate but al dente, the sauces and whatnot were very flavorful. And the servings were teeny. Three of us got half pasta orders (for what we thought would be half price) so that we could try more than one dish. When the bill came, they were a little more than half price, and when I asked the waiter about it, he said it was because the servings were a little more than half. Which, while should have been explained at the onset, made me wonder what a full portion would look like and if I'd want to pay full price for it. The pizza was a good size and very tasty, and if I go back I already know I want to try the zucca pizza.
So, predictably small portions for the $$$, but at least the food left me wanting more. There were lots of tempting things on the menu, which, if I could afford to eat more of it, would probably have left me happily satiated.Uneven food , at times clumsy .great blood orange cocktail. Good Italian food for those who haven't been anywhere.MWent here for dinner. It was mid weeknight so no reservations made and they had seating available. 
Ambience is really nice. They have seating for small groups an large groups. There was an adjacent outdoor appearing seating area as well.
Drinks- I just ordered Rosé , gf had a cocktail.
We shared Brussel Sprout salad and the Grilled Octopus- Both were okay. Grilled octopus was a bit too tough for me.
My entrée was braised short ribs. It was decent as well. Gf had roasted chicken which a bit on the salty side so she just packed it to go to eat with something less salty at home.
We did not get dessert and we were bum tired.
Experience was okay but If I have the chance, I would return to try other menu items.Easily one of the top places to go in Philadelphia for pizza (not as good as Nomad or Stella though in my opinion). An ideal meal for a table of 2 would be an appetizer and to try 2 different pizza's. 
Went here with my girlfriend and had the marinated vegetable appetizer (was a special that day), the lamb sausage appetizer (Only 1 very small link), the polpo pizza( octopus, tomato, red chili flakes and smoked mozzarella ) and 2 pasta's (rabbit bolognese and a pesto with vegetables which was 1 of the specials). Best dish was by far the pizza and then the appetizer's and although the pasta dishes were good they were nothing stand out and the portion size was very small.
Server's were very knowledgeable and wine/ beer selection was one of the best I've scene. Will definitely be coming back here but will stick to only ordering pizza and wine from here in the future.It was ok nothing was special except the pizza... I had the ribeye it was cooked nicely but it was a horrible cut...my friend had oxtail cannelloni poorly seasoned.Visit numero dos to Osteria was an outlandish culinary experience.  Located in a mostly drab block on N Broad street, the interior is warm and inviting.  The staff made me feel welcome as soon as we stepped inside after Christmas shopping last December.
As usual, my wife and I prefer to dine at the bar.  We both enjoy people-watching and sitting side by side to make sharing dishes a lot more fun.  Sitting at the bar also gives me good insight into what the bartenders know about drinks on the menu, and the menu overall.  And the staff at Osteria KNOWS their menu (drink and otherwise).
We had a small dinner on this visit consisting of a solid pizza (Romana style) and a deliciously prepared beef tartar with artichokes and parmesano.  There are many creative and delicious Northern Italian dishes (snails, duck, beef fat, etc) that we will be back for.
The wine list is intensive and many selections are select, hard to find beauties.  The cocktails are well-crafted and delicious.  The service is excellent and extremely knowledgable.
We will be back for more (not soon enough!)If you want a fine dining experience without it being far too fancy, Osteria is a great place to go. The rustic atmosphere, unique dishes, and spot-on service makes for a very special evening. I decided on the special that evening, which was a slow roasted pork shoulder with crispy pork skin on top. The pork shoulder was seasoned perfectly and was extremely tender. The crispy pork skin on top was a carnivore's cherry on top of a sunday - crispy, salty, and just plain delicious. Definitely a great place for special occasions or just a nice night out.I have no words. Outstanding Dining experience. From beginning to end it was a perfect night out with an old Vegas chum. Loved the sage gin gimlet! My new favorite drink.My fiancé and I have been dying to eat at osteria and we finally did tonight. We absolutely loved everything about it, the atmosphere (we dined in the covered patio), the food (yummy!), and the service (refilling our water glasses constantly even though the bottle was left on the table, checking on us, new plates for every entree, etc.). We started with the grilled and marinated veggie special, which included red and yellow beets, arugula salad, cucumber salad, Brussels sprouts with pancetta, roasted red peppers, and mushrooms. We also ordered the mortadella pizza, which had a pistachio pesto...delicious! The only downside to the veggie was that it was $26 (:/) We also ate the paccheri with lamb sausage and eggplant ragu, also really good. For dessert we had the upside down blueberry cake and a coconut cannoli, which was very light and yummy. We would love to return to Osteria soon. Another stellar restaurant from vetri! Just follow them on Instagram and you will see how delicious it all looks/sounds :)Philadelphia is an interesting city. It's filled with vibrant neighborhoods running over with unique cultures and exciting lifestyles. You have the trendy yuppitude of Rittenhouse, the laid-back hipster feel of Northern Liberties, and the quaint genuine aura of Bella Vista, just to name a few.
And then there are certain areas in this city where life ceases to exist and all color has been sucked out, leaving behind a vacuum of emptiness. It is when walking through one of these areas where you will find the gem of a restaurant known as Osteria.
This was the site of my first Marc Vetri experience, and it most definitely will not be my last. The venue is gigantic (since I suppose property values aren't as high in this valley of nothing), with 3 dining rooms and enough space to not have to touch thighs with the party sitting next to you. The food is exquisitely prepared with care and with the freshest ingredients. Highlights:
- House cured salumi plate - I would seriously buy packages of the accompanying artichoke mustard to spread on every/anything. The meats are all incredibly succulent.
- Wood grilled octopus - Possibly the best octopus I have had in the city
- Margherita pizza - OMG who knew pizza could be like this?? Simple, thin crust, fresh ingredients, perfection.
- Robiola francobolli - Rich, parmesany, delicious. A must-order for those who love mushrooms.
- Canestri with braised short ribs - Our waitress's voice dramatically changed tone when she spoke about how good this was. There was a good reason behind this.
- Polenta budino - There is always room for dessert. Particularly this one.
I would easily be willing to pay over $60 for a meal of this caliber, and yet (if you don't order wine) you can definitely end up with a bill only $25-$40 per person. Congratulations Marc, you've won me over. Next up: the tasting menu at Vetri, if I find someone willing to dish out the money along with me (takers?).The Lombardo pizza is amazing!  I tried it on a recommendation from a friend and was shocked at how much I love it since I'm not a huge egg person.  The bartenders are always friendly as well.  My only issue is the wines by the glass and the roasted veggie app are a little over priced.All i can say is yum...  yum yum yum...  had the beet and buffalo mozzarella salad and the lamb canoloni. .. divine...I am amazed that anyone has had less than a 5 star experience here! The bartenders are knowledgeable, personable and offer up a amazing variety of cocktails, ask for a recommendation. 
The food was delicious. Quality ingredients, paired and cooked to perfection! Don't pass up an opportunity to sit with a group and try a variety of items, you really can't go wrong.This place used to be high on my list but has seriously gone downhill. With spots like Mulherin and other gourmet pizza restaurants in the area, Osteria needs to keep with the competition. The bill was high for just ok food. Nothing remarkable anymore and I don't think I'll be back anytime soon.This is one of our favorite places in Philadelphia.  The Vegetable plate to start is a must!  All the pastas have always been fantastic, and when we are feeling more casual, the pizzas are a solid option.  The "special" roast pork shoulder is also a solid option. They also have a great wine list.  Love this place, whether I'm taking out friends and family, or taking the wife out for a romantic date night, this place is the first option.My parents were in town and my wife and I took them to Osteria and it was great.  
We ordered the special vegetable platter to start which was amazing.  It is a large wood board with a cornucopia of different fresh in season vegetables.  Everything on this platter was unique and equally great tasting.
My father and I are vegetarian and we had no trouble finding something great to eat.  In addition to the vegetarian friendly items on the menu the offered to make a couple of the other items vegetarian which was awesome.
We all had a great time with a nice bottle of Chianti and a great meal.  We will definitely be back.We had another great dining experience at Osteria the other night. The food and service were great as always. My wife forgot her purse. One of the employees hopped in a car real quick to chase us down while we were walking home to return her purse. We were blown away and super appreciative for the effort. We will be back real soon.With 300+ reviews, I feel like foolish posting a review, but, i'm off of work and have nothing else going on.
I really love osteria.  I have been here a few times and have liked it more each time.  My first time was in the private kitchen table that was definitely an experience.  The tasting menu was amazing,  It was over a year ago so I can't remember what I specifically ate unfortunately.  My most recent trip there was fantastic.  Started off with several pizzas for the table.  Loved the sausage with runny egg on my pizza, it was amazing.  Moved on to sharing several meals.  The pasta with wild boar ragu was great.  The consistency of their pasta is something to experience.  Also had one of their specials which was a generous serving of pig roasted on a spit.  Everyone at my table loved it, but I thought it was a bit fatty.  That was really my mistake as one should expect it to be quite fatty.  On previous occasions we've had much of their menu, and I liked pretty much everything. 
Their beer selection is okay, but i'm a hop beer fanatic and they dont have too much in the ways of hoppy beers, but they have a nice selection of italian micros.  
Their service is great as well, and the restaurant doesn't feel pretentious at all given the praise it gets.  
Highly recommended.Don't expect to see many 5 star reviews here, but Osteria is absolutely one of them. The former "Best of Philly" restaurant has never failed to impress me in the 5+ visits to the Marc Vetri sequel. It is one of the few places that I think I could tire of - after all, there aren't many places I've frequented as much.
In the spirit of full disclosure, I did live at the same address as this restaurant for two years, but that didn't influence me when given the option to pick a special night out or bring guests. And this isn't Applebee's folks, the food is pricey.
With the number of visits on my belt, it won't come as a surprise that I have my favorite dishes, but I have done my fair share of tasting the various items on the menu, many of which change with the seasons. Staples remain, but there are also rotating items and specials, which are always worth a taste.
One of Osteria's specialties is the wood-oven pizza, which is soft and chewy in some spots, but crunchy in all the right ones. I recommend anything with prosciutto, but one of my favorite pizzas was a seasonal special including butternut squash and raisins. YUM. If you can't get a reservation (it's still tough on weeknights if you don't book ahead of time), get yourself to the bar, order a glass of wine and enjoy a pizza. You can thank me later.
However, if you're on your game and get a seat in any of the coveted wooden chairs, I have some other recommendations for you. First, if you can, ask to be seated by the windows. This section of the restaurant feels like a living room + greenhouse, with all the natural light, view of a courtyard and candles along the ledge. It's fabulous. I've been seated in this section at least 4 times and it never disappoints.
First food recommendation: order the seasonal vegetable plate. It's not on the menu, but your waitress will mention it with the specials. Only on my first visit did I not try this dish...and I consider that a failure. No matter the time of year, it's fabulous. Everyone I have recommended it to has said it's fabulous too, so no excuses. It will make you love brussels sprouts and you'll wonder why you don't add arugula to everything you eat. If I told you all the vegetables that I've had over the years, it'd take another paragraph, but know that they are fresh and uniquely flavored. You (and your party) will be fighting over the last beet.
My next recommendation comes from Philadelphia Magazine's most recent issue. This year, Osteria ranked as their #6 restaurant in Philadelphia and they suggested that diners try the house-made cotechino sausage. On our most recent visit, we tried it out (officially listed on the menu as "ciareghi" house made cotechino sausage with polenta and sunny side up egg). It is not something I would normally choose, but it was quite tasty. My fiance said it would be "an amazing breakfast dish" with the mixture of the sweet from the polenta and egg with the slightly spicy sausage. Agreed.
And now I will give you the ultimate in recommendations - a dish that, between my fiance and I, has been ordered at least 8 times - the candele with wild boar bolognese. I'll admit, neither of us had ever had wild boar before this dish, but are now very open to this meat. The waitress told us that chef's addition to the bolognese, which makes it so tasty, was cocoa! It mixes perfectly with the long, thick candele noodles and is a perfect portion size.
My final recommendation to you is to go hungry to Osteria!! Their desserts are incredible, but too often, I don't have enough room. Take home main dishes if you have to (I can attest to the bolognese being good on day 2), but save room for dessert. They have some very unique gelato flavors and all my chocolate-loving friends recommend their chocolate cake.
So, there you have it, my glowing review of Osteria. Run, don't walk, to OpenTable and make your reservation today (probably for about 2 weeks from now).  And let me know what you think!Best italian restaurant in philly...although i have not been to his other restaurant, vetri. Order the ravioli...there are two different kinds...one is with mushrooms. I recommend ordering both. They melt in your mouth. Remember half orders of the pasta dishes are available. Pizza cannot be missed either.Ok, I'm on my pizza soapbox again.  I've been here once before so I was in town for a friends wedding and I brought my wife and daughter here to experience the restaurant.  The staff couldn't have been nicer and accommodated my not quite 2 year old daughter, who behaved perfectly for most of the meal. It was a Saturday mind you but we purposely chose a 5:30 time to avoid the crowds.
The restaurant is quite large with many different rooms and seating areas.  The server  we had that night was fantastic!  He know his stuff and it appeared so did the other servers.  They helped my wife select the right wine for the mood she was in and the pizza she had ordered.
I've read about Osteria for years in Pizza articles and blogs and it's always mentioned when discussing pizza restaurants that started the upscale pizza movement.  I respect that.  My first visit was a business dinner that was Prix Fixe type of an affair so things where just brought to our table.  I did sample pizza at the end but that was also a couple of cocktails and a bottle (or two) of wine later so I couldn't rely on that experience.  This was my ulterior motive for coming back when the opportunity presented itself.  So here I was again with my family and we decided to go all pizza for the dinner. 
The pizza was great, not mind altering incredible.   The crust was perfectly thin and balanced in terms of crispy to chewy.  However, nothing made me want to tear up like I just drank a wonderful bottle of 1947 wine that's something good and french (I've always seen this mentioned, never had anything that old).  It was good pizza but both my wife and I both agreed after we left it wasn't remarkable.  
I am a pizza snob, just look at my other reviews, but I would still eat here, just not the pizza.  I can say to my other pizza snob friends that I've been there and done that.  
The service was fantastic, the wine selections were excellent, the atmosphere was comfortable and stylish.  I would recommend Osteria for a fine meal.We had a guest coming in from out of town who had a single evening to spend with us.  Our treat, at our insistence.  There could not have been better service and the food was exquisite.  The wine steward helped us chose a wine that we liked and we shared a bottle among the three of us.  He brought a sample of the wine I first picked, which turned out to be to sharp and dry.  This is a special occasion destination, imo.  You are treated with casual competence, unobtrusive service, excellent Italian food and left in comfortable chairs to enjoy an evening of conviviality.  If you have the money to spend, I doubt you could spend it at a better place.AMAZING Italian food, a little out of the way, but quite affordable.
I've had a couple of their pizzas, the rabbit, some pastas, and a couple appetizers. The rabbit was a little saltier than I like but it was also my first time having rabbit. Everything else was awesome, and I can't wait to try Vetri and Amis.
I went with a couple guys from the Culinary Institute of America once and THEY loved it too, so you really know it's quality food.Osteria has been on my to try list for quite some time, so I'm happy we were able to come for my birthday.
Service was great, not overbearing but very attentive and she was knowledgable about the specials of the day.
2 cocktails a beer, pizza, appetizer, entree and small pasta dish will run you rougly $135 pre-tip but as you can see we ordered quite generously. We opted for the octopus pizza was which was good. I wished the dough to be a tad crispier, but overall a good pizza but to be honest nothing amazing compared to some of the hot pizza spots in Philadelphia to justify the price. I did love how the octopus was cooked though, perfectly cooked not chewy or rubbery and had a nice charred flavor.
The robiola "francobolli" postage stamp ravioli  was fabulous, no complaints except I wish the dish was larger! It was so delicious but only a few pieces I really wished for more.
The tuna crudo was very good, loved the spearmint contrasting with the pistachio.
Lastly the sea bass was very good, skin was nice and crispy but the fish was flakey and paired well with the parsnip puree.
Overall, I wouldn't hesitate to come back for another visit for a special occasion.Osteria is the dark underbelly of an overconfident celebrity-chef. The service was nothing extraordinary, and the pizzas were burnt, flavorless, unoriginal and overpriced.Honestly, I could never tell the difference between Osteria's pasta dish and a pot of Prego and Barilla. Why did I spare the restaurant of a 1 star score? The grilled octopus salad saved the meal.Came here for anniversary dinnner.  Reservations for 7PM on a Saturday, finally sat about 7:30.   Bartender was excellent, completely aware of his patrons, hardly needed to talk.    
Dinner was pretty good.  The Antipasta special was okay, but not amazing. I was disappointed with the mushroom pizza as it was olive oil only, the next dish was a short rib pasta which was amazing, epic, finished off with pig, which was good but perhaps too much after the pizza and pasta.   I asked the waitress if we were mis-ordering, and she wasn't much help to guide us to their best dishes.  
I would come here again with a large group and order one of every pizza, that short rib pasta, and stay for desert.This entire restaurant is charming - everything from the wine box wall to the wood tabletops was perfect for the ambience. We sat out in the garden atrium area, which was fantastic but it did get a little chilly out there with the A/C turning on every 5-10 minutes or so. 
We made a reservation for 8:15pm on a Friday night. We arrived about 20 minutes ahead of schedule and were asked to wait at the bar, but were quickly seated a few minutes later for dinner. Our server was great. She had recommendations, smiled throughout service, and the rest of the staff were equally friendly. A welcome change from some of the people we had encountered earlier during our travels through downtown Philly.
Our chef friend who recommended this restaurant to us before our Philly trip let us know that they also serve half portions of the pasta, which was great because we wanted to try a wide variety since we knew we wouldn't be back any time soon to enjoy the food on a more regular basis. We wanted to focus on the pizzas and the pastas, since all of our fine Yelp friends suggested that those were the dazzlers of the menu. 
So all in all we ordered the lombarda pizza (only full orders), beet & goat cheese plin (half order), lardo ravioli with fava beans (half order), and chicken liver rigatoni (half order). For dessert we ordered the budino and the gelato variety. 
The lombarda pizza was good. The crust was thin and crispy, yet still had a good chew to it with its cheesy goodness. The sausage was really good for and it was just the perfect portions of sauce, cheese, and other ingredients. It's not the best pizza I've ever had but it's a good one! The beet & goat cheese plin (which resemble ravioli) were amazing! The perfect combination of sweet beets and earthy goat cheese was astounding, but despite its deliciousness we wouldn't have been able to eat an entire plate of it. The sweetness, though amazing at first, could quickly become tiresome after an entire plate of nothing else but beetness. The lardo ravioli was alright. The ravioli skin was thin and tender, and the lardo filling was delicious, but the fava beans and the sauce that went with it was a bit overpowering at times. The chicken liver rigatoni I would order again in a heartbeat. Keep in mind I love chicken livers so if you don't like the earthiness of chicken livers then you might not like this dish. But if it helps the liver flavor is subtle. You don't really taste it until you're done with the bite and then it gives you this nice, livery afternote. Delicious!! Of all the dishes we ate that night, this is definitely the one that I would like to try to recreate at home. The desserts were okay, but as a person who loves savory items, I would have preferred to have another plate of pasta over the desserts. The budino was okay, but it wasn't good enough for us to finish. The gelato was better and came in three flavors. They were good but they weren't that impressive compared to the savory items on their menu.
If I came back to Philly I would probably come back and get a full plate of chicken liver rigatoni among other things. Small warning though. If you're getting here in a way other than driving yourself, try to stay on Broad Street. We walked there from our hotel (about a mile and a half away) and we took a side street. It was only a couple blocks from Broad Street but once you venture off the main street things become significantly more sketchy.The dining experience at Osteria was nearly exquisite. I (Connor) had the pasta with rabbit and was far from displeased. The pasta was prepared flawlessly, and the rabbit was perfect. Followed by a disappointing dessert of blood orange and chocolate torte. However the waitstaff was unbearable, to the point where the manager asked our waitress "what the f**k are you doing?" and only grew worse from that point on. I (Emma) got the crispy lamb shoulder. It jumped out at me when I read the description on the menu, but it was slightly underwhelming. It was delicious but nothing to write home about. Although, the side of the roasted potatoes I ordered were incredible. Most definitely the highlight of the meal.Arrived a little early for a 8:00 Saturday night reservation with my husband. We had great time at the bar, sampling different wines and cocktails, enjoying fun conversation with the bartenders. 
Sat on time for our reservation. We ordered a pizza with grilled octopus that I would not be upset if it was the only thing I had to eat for the rest of my life. Followed with stuffed zucchini blossoms and the olive oil poached "porcelet" suckling pig with tarragon ricotta and spring vegetables, both delicious, but the zucchini blossoms were my favorite. 
We then ordered two pastas, figuring if we were still hungry after the pasta, we could order either entrees or more apps and pizza. The pasta took a little longer to come out, and one of the many "managers" came over and explained that the chef did not like the way they came out and was making new ones. Our pasta arrived a few minutes late with an additional pasta, their unnecessary apology for waiting, which was very nice. My favorite was the spaghetti with rabbit bolognese, it was amazing! We also had the pasta special, some sort of disk pasta with mushrooms and blueberries that was good, but a very small serving. Their gift to us for waiting was the beet and goat cheese plin with tarragon, which was very light and sweet but not very filling.
We ended the meal with gelato (blueberry swirl, pistachio, salted butter). The star was the salted butter, and while the other ones were very good, I could have eaten a gallon of that one alone!
Looking forward to a night back in Philly to visit again!It did not meet my high expectations.  Food was ok, nothing spectacular. Service was fine.  Wine recommendation was not good, seems the same wine was served at all tables tonight...
A good restaurant, overrated to my best knowledge and highly priced. Too loud also.Heard good things about this place but was very disappointed. Started out by seating us in the back room which would be good for a private party but not for a party of 4. Might as well have been in my dining room. No atmosphere. Waitress was confused and never put our order in for pizza that we clearly ordered. She then stated that we might want to order something because the dinner entrees may take awhile. I then asked her how long the pizza would take and she said 7 minutes so we said we were good with that. 10 minutes later the entrees were on the table and she said we never ordered the pizza. Huh??? The rabbit was bland and the chicken was dry. The pasta dishes were ok but nothing special. We left hungry. Way overpriced. We ended up going to Olde City and got our pizza. Should have skipped Osteria and went to Olde City in the first place. Don't waste your time and money at this placeA group of us went to Osteria for a send off dinner for a colleague.  It was the PERFECT choice. 
Starting with the staff - they were so patient and nice - a large group means a lot of noise and not everyone paying attention; they were repeating themselves a lot.  They made great suggestions, including doing a lot of food for the table so we could all try a bunch of different things.  And by a bunch, I mean  A LOT.
We started with the seasonal anti pasti, two pastas (the short rib and the wild boar bolognese), two pizzas (margarita and mortadella).  We probably should have stopped there with the food.  There was a lot of plate passing and sharing - always at least one dish in the air.  The anti pasti was a perfect winter treat - it's always nice this time of year to get a plate of bright vegetables, all colors of the rainbow - red and golden beets, brussel spouts (my favorite part), carrots...The pasta was perfectly cooked and frankly - the wild boar, i could have skipped the pasta and just eaten the sauce with a spoon.
We really could have stopped there, but the Secondi options all sounded so good!  Across the table, we got steaks, swordfish, and the hen.  The steak was cooked perfectly.  It had the right amount of salt and amazing flavor.  The swordfish was tender and smelled amazing.  The fish and the steak were both delicious.
And of course we had to get dessert.  When we couldn't decide, our server suggested sort of a sampler.  She brought out a platter, for lack of a better term.  My two favorites were the coconut nugget things with the passion fruit sauce and the molten chocolate cake.  But everything was delicious.  The lemon cake with poppyseed gelato was clean and fresh and crisp.  Everyone at the table fell in love with the bananas in flaky pastry.
Really - it was an amazing meal.  The space is gorgeous, the staff is wonderful, and it's great for a group or for an intimate dinner for two - and everything in between.  I only wish I could go back more often.Loved everything about our dinner here.  The chicken liver rigatoni is outstanding.  The lemon sorbetto was hands down the best I have ever had and my husband stole it from me.  He can't wait to go back for that.  I can't wait to go back to try out some of the pizzas other people were enjoying.  Looked delicious!!