Great place for oysters raw and and baked with an awesome selection of drinks.  I'm a gin person and they have a great local gin here Bluecoat gin.   The BBQ oysters are fantastic as wellAwesome happy hour both after work and late night! $1 oysters even with this oil spill going on. The service is quick and attentive. Oysters are delicious and fresh with a great variety to chose from. East & west oysters galore. I personally am an east coaster all around, salty and delicious. My friend loves west coast oysters for their buttery-ness so this is a great place to go if your company is the total opposite of you! 
I'm a huge clam chowder person and there new england style, although not as thick and creamy as I usually like, tasted wonderful. If your an oyster fan this is the spot to go to in philly!!I dragged a some friends out for $1 oysters and $3 beers, so this review is just about happy hour, and the conclusion is this: definitely go.  
At this point, I've told you al the things you should need to know about Oyster House, but since I'm feeling generous I can point out that one less enlightened member of the party had the burger, which they reported to be good and not overcooked.Great meal all around. Arrives at 5pm for happy hour on a Friday. Had some oysters, beer, and shrimp shooters. All in special 5-7pm.  Main course lobster roll was delicious.  It's not large but plenty of lobster and  will fill you up for sure.  Compliments to the Manager Daniel for being very attentive to the entire restaurant.LOVE
LOVE
LOVE this place
I love all seafood 
I love sitting around the shuckers, they engage in conversation and we made friends with peeps on either side of us. 
Happy Hour they have Buck-a-shuck !
Yum
Everything that I've ever ordered is delicious and the service is outstanding. 
Parking garage right across the street and close to Prince theatre which is where we were heading.Because I knew that they (unfortunately) don't take reservations I stopped by 30 minutes in advance of our meeting time to advise that three of us would be there for  lunch. Their representative duly noted my request. When the three of us arrived at the appointed hour the same representative advised that they were clearing tables (at 12:30?) and that they seat people by the available tables dependent on the size of the party.  Fifteen minutes later we were still not seated. I approached the owner who explained their seating system to me.  Ten minutes later he returned and led us to our table. Whatever their seating system is, it doesn't work!
Beyond the frustration of getting seated the three of us had a delightful experience. Our server was efficient and professional and all business, though not as friendly as we would have preferred. Our beverages and food items arrived in a timely manner by someone other than our waiter yet placed by the appropriate person (how do they do that?).  Our meals were delicious, with the freshest ingredients, nicely prepared and presented. This is an authentic oyster house so consider the high noise level as part of the ambience!  For an establishment of this caliber they should seriously a reservation system. Yet, no doubt we shall return.Great ambiance, the restaurant is really beautiful. The happy hour buck a shuck is where its at. We had some really tasty oysters, great drinks, fun atmosphere. Looking forward to returning!The atmosphere is perfect with romantic, relaxing lighting. Everything is so squeaky clean which makes me feel especially comfortable and safe. Friendly, educated, fun and quick to make an excellent recommendation for your likes should be expected from the entire staff from the hostess, to the bartenders, and the servers that fill the restaurant. You can tell that the management is top notch because all of the employees love their positions and are so happy to be there and to be serving whoever comes through the door. It is honestly the warmest and most sincere welcome! The food is the best part of the entire experience, fresh, creative, and amazing tasty!! My favorite crab cake ever, my husband dreams of the oysters and the super creative homemade sides to pair make this place an absolute gem!! We could not be happier with EVERYTHING!!! Thanks for setting the bar so high OH!We went to Oyster House with a seafood craving. I started with the Sauteed Mussels and was impressed by the generous portion. For my entree, I ordered the Lobster Roll, which was slightly smaller than I expected, but very tasty. We went to Route 6 a few days later and agreed they were similar in quality and ambiance, but we had a slight preference for Route 6.Second trip to Oyster House, as I know that their seafood is FRESH.  Well, we ordered the lobster and shellfish pot with potatoes and corn.  The 2-lb. lobster was just ok.  The clams and mussels were pretty yummy.  The corn was tough, like pig corn, and the potatoes were tasteless.  Therefore, I must downgrade my review from my first visit.  Shame.Delicious fresh oysters and clams! This was my first time trying raw clams, and I never thought I'd say this, but I liked them more than I liked the oysters! The happy hour deals cannot be beat. I'll be sure to come here more often!Came here for the happy hour, and left happy. Mission accomplished.
Cannot ask for more when you are served super fresh $1 oysters with fast and friendly service.
Was not able to identify which variety we had, but they were a good size and very fresh. Our server was busy but gave us plenty of attention and took great care of us.
That is all we had, but would come back anytime.I was here on travel, staying at a hotel a couple blocks away. Did some research for dinner, and decided this was the spot because of an attractive happy hour (i love $1 oysters( and decent looking entree options.
So, so, so disappointed, and actually quite angry.
Serious low-lights:
- Happy hour is only at the bar area, while the rest of the restaurant is full price everything. Apparently if you don't get here right when the happy hour starts, you're quoted a time for seating in the bar area that is basically when happy hour ends.
- We decided to just get a regular table and suck it up with the full prices. Unfortunately, when we ordered a dozen oysters, we followed our server's advice to do a 4-4-4 combo. When they came, they were literally all the size of a quarter (the photos on this yelp page were NOT representative at all of what we got). Never anywhere have I gotten oysters that pathetic. Do they save the big oysters for the happy hour or something? And give the leftovers to the regular customers instead of just apologizing and saying that they're swamped and they're out of the properly sized ones? And to charge us full price for them? And on top of that, she charged us for "singles" instead of giving us the slight discount you get for ordering a full dozen.
- Service was ridiculously slow. We were seated at 5:30. We didnt even get to place a food order until 6pm, they just kept coming and filling our water and running away immediately before we could say anything. The couple next to us complained too, and the server (same as ours) tried to laugh it off as "oh look how busy we are during happy hour" instead of trying to check where anything was. Well guess what. YOU DIDNT GIVE US ANY HAPPY HOUR AND WE'RE PAYING FULL PRICE.
Other than that, the food was decent, slightly elevated and solid seafood dishes. Seriously tiny portions though, and very weak cocktail punch. $170 later (for 2), we were still sober, angry, and hungry, and went to the hotel bar for beer and bar snacks. Seriously, wtf. Too bad it's not diner dash because the steam was really coming out of my ears and I just wanted to go "poof".We go into Philly every year @ Christmas time, and go here almost every time.  Recently changed hands, then changed right back to the son of the previous owners, which is a great thing.  Has the accourtrements of a long-gone oyster house, Kelly's on Mole (Mole St no longer exists), and carries on Kelly's history of quality.  It was always solid, and now the new owner stepped it up a little notch, it seems, in the novelty of the dishes-- but at no sacrifice to the main point of the establishment, which is quality, quality, quality.  Quality being crucial when you're a seafood joint.  We were there in the blizzard before Christmas 09, and sat for FIVE HOURS in the windows watching the snow blowing & piling up, eating raws, having dinner, drinking the house punch (fantastic) the nice wines, & sampling a number of very well-done apps, soups, etc.  (It was one of our largest tabs ever)  Try the box oyster stew.  Don't be afraid of the oyster shooters.  The front wall, glass, used to be doors that were opened onto the sidewalk in good weather. Not sure if they still open, now that they remodeled in 09, but still all glass in front, w/ seats there.  Very nice.
In summary:  a classic, well-done oyster house.  Great for those who love raws, and has LOTs for those who don't; excellent quality preparations, does not try to be trendy, just classy.  And-- Our server that night was over-the-top:  helpful w/ oyster & clam tasting notes (no joke), wine notes, attentive but not annoying, very knowledgeable, friendly, down-to-earth, one of my favorite servers ever, honestly.  One of those older servers (meaning, not early twenties) who's doing it not just for work-- but because he really enjoys it and is very good at it.  Thank you, Bryon!  You're the bomb.  Wish we would have gone back for New Years Eve, but our crowd stayed home that night... very much look forward to going back, every time!  Can't say enough good about Sansom Street Oyster House.  Reasonable lunch and dinner prices (for seafood).Good selection of oysters.  About $3.00 a pop, beers are small 11oz and about $7-8 pop.  Had a four really good oysters in season, fired oysters with chicken salad (bones included), and two beers for $56.00.  
Probably one of the best Gin selections I've ever seen.  They could probably do more business as a high end cocktail bar than oysters and food.  
Pretty good service and cool vibe.  Probably won't go back though.Fried Oysters were ehhhh......the clam chowder was good but not the best I have tried. Not sure if it was too salty that day or not but my throat started to hurt soon after. I wanted to go for the happy hour but I went too early so missed that.Excellent food.  Friendly staff.  Great service.  Cool, trendy atmosphere.   
Oysters, yum.  Shrimp, tasty too.  Lobster Roll, Awesome. Will definitely come backThis is definitely one of the best seafood places in the country.  We came to visit Philly from NYC.  I've been to just about every great seafood spot in NYC and around the states, and you know, New Yorker's know their food :)  I will definitely come back here if ever in Philly again.  The seafood is absolutely delicious, very fresh, amazingly flavorful and the portion sizes are very large.  I ordered the biggest dish on the menu but forgot the name.  Take a look at the pics -- if you're a seafood fan, you gotta order it, you will love it.  Don't worry about the $88 price, it's worth it, and don't share it :)  The shrimps, lobster, scallop ceviche, oysters, clams, mussells, and the seafood salad were heavenly delicious, very fresh, and had no fishy smell.  The food is also presented very well.  The atmosphere is awesome -- very trendy, hip, and cool.  Remember, don't share -- order the big dish and some drinks and savor the moment :)  Oh, and try the Turtle Soup.my friend and I came during happy hours for the $1 raw oysters! there was a 30 minute wait, but we were seated at the oyster bar.
we ordered lots of raw oysters, the shrimp cocktail, and the clam chowder. honestly, the shrimp cocktail was not worth its price because the amount was so little. it's better to use the money spent on the shrimp cocktail on ordering more oysters! 
but overall, our experience was great and the workers were really friendly!$1 oysters at happy hour 5-7 on weekdays. need i say more? 
last week ,my friend spent $70... at happy hour. 
best oysters i've had in philadelphia with great atmostphere to boot.
i've also had a fish dish and the lobster roll, which were really good.
the shoestring fries are a must try and the bread balls with horseradish are addictive. 
do yourself a favor and go!Buck a shuck at happy hour is amazing. Great food, a bit on the pricy side but you get what you pay for. 
Hope to return again for more oysters!I'm surprised I never reviewed this place before, I've been to the Oyster House a number of times over the years and it's been consistently great. The oyster selection is top notch and ridiculously fresh. The other seafood options are great too, I really dig  their lobster roll. The service is typically good, and the location is great if you're doing business in the city.This place is great, it has an amazing raw bar that is reasonable in cost. We had the clam bake as a meal for two, it was so much food by the time we were half way done. 
If you like seafood this place is a must visit in PhillyOur first evening in Philadelphia on a March road trip south, we had a fabulous dinner at the Oyster House!  Between the two of us we enjoyed the Oysters Rockefeller, cherrystone clams on the half shell, mussels in a spicy sauce and a fish stew.  All the seafood was very fresh and perfectly seasoned.  Our waitperson was friendly and efficient.  This dinner was outstanding! The Oyster House, decorated with oyster plates of all sizes and design on its walls, is a warm cozy pub-like restaurant with 5 star food.Come here for the happy hour! Great deal on raw oysters and they were delicious! Tried a few things on the regular menu (calamari, clam chowder and shrimp cocktail) and they were just ok, nothing special. Fun sitting around the raw bar where you can watch the shuckers!I tried Oyster House for the first time for lunch last week. My husband and I had a pretty big lunch and ordered the colossal shrimp cocktail and fried oysters as appetizers. Both were delicious and I would've been satisfied with those alone. 
I wanted to try the lobster roll to compare it to Luke's since I had a taste for one. It was pretty good and filled to the top with a lot of lobster but the actual taste was just okay. There could've been a little more flavor to it and the bread wasn't as good and buttery as Luke's. The french fries were good!  My husband got the special of the day which was a soft shell crab po' boy sandwich with chips. He said it was okay but again, we both agreed we could've just had apps and/or split one of the lunches. Overall, it was good and we would return again.I am not sure why I don't go this place more often. I had good time at their oyster happy hour! Enjoyed my discounted oyster and I thought was fresh and delicious. But that place got really busy during happy hour so waiting was painful and they put large jar of oyster cracker to share. Everyone's hands going to touch the crackers so I couldn't eat it and I didn't see anyone touching it. That's minus point for me too. If less crowded and provided individual oyster cracker like other places I might give me more star.Tried to get in during happy hours for the back a shuck but ended up having to get a table. The place is nice and their raw bar looks amazing. Too bad we couldn't get a seat. Overall, great experience and extremely fresh seafood!!! How do I know? Because it didn't smell fishy in there... but instead their food just smelled like the ocean!! Great place in downtown Philly. Would definitely try again the next time I'm back in town.Stopped in for some snapper soup and got what seemed like vegetable beef from a can. The rest of the experience however, was what earned the stars. The waitress was extremely kind, the rest of our meal was okay, and the drinks were yummy.I was not going to complain, I called the manager first, and we settled it on the phone and he was going to compensate me for my terrible meal. The manager never kept his end of the deal. I can go on about my food and how over cooked my food was, or how marsacapone comes in soup form now . I'm just really here to say my meal was terrible and the manager does not keep his word. All you got in the world today is your word, but I spent 120 for a dinner for people, I should have just put it in the church basket.My second trip to  Philadelphia and my second meal at OH. both times:  great service and excellent seafood.we both had the mixed grill= all seafood. Everything on the plate was fantastic.WOW. Friday night I had one of the best dining experiences I've ever had with 9 of my friends. Honestly blown away.
We did the "Dump Dinner" interesting name but the dinner is a New England Style clam bake that you can reserve 48 hours in advance if you have  6+ people. Now get this...it's only $25 to eat and additional $20 for a 2 hour open bar. I thought there would be something fishy about prices so low for seafood at the Oyster House...but no. Absolutely amazing. Huge portions of clams/mussels/lobster/potatoes/sausage/kale all steamed together in pots that come for 2 people to share. I could not get over how delicious the flavors were. In particular the kale soaked up all the broth to make for a tasty veggie! French fries and koleslaw also were distributed out across the table I could feel the rest of the restaurant staring at us...and who wouldn't! The deal is brilliant.
As for the open bar. Unbelievable. We had pitchers upon pitchers of the apple cider sangria. Never had to ask for a refill the waitress just kept them coming.
Amazing experience. Totally, 100% recommend. Here's the link:
http://oysterhousephilly.com/dump-dinner.htmlFood, service, atmosphere was great.  45 min wait on a Sat night.  They have 9pm to 11pm happy hr on sat nights.   Will go back.I went for the OH SHUCKS! oyster event which was all you can eat bivalves and drinks... Sooo good! Service was good and drinks kept on flowing ! I'm so into Oyster House... The bomb.I was in Philly last weekend for a work meeting and saw the great reviews for Oyster House so thought I would check it out. Sitting in the middle of Restaurant Row, this place has a modern loft kind of feel. The walls are exposed brick with modern style bench and table seating. That layout also creates a pretty loud reverb of the other dining patrons as well.  I got there around 7PM on a Saturday and the place was packed. As the lonely travel with only a book and an appetite on me, I grabbed the last seat by the oyster bar and looked forward to a good meal. 
The waitress was very friendly and attentive throughout the meal. I ordered my standard Old Fashioned (at first I thought it was a little watered down in flavor, but it definitely packed more of a punch than I expected) and then following:
1) Mix of a Half Dozen Oysters (delicious range of east coast oysters from Massachusetts to Virginia)
2) Ipswich Fried Clams (Very fresh and well cooked)
3) Flounder (Well cooked, fresh, good seasoning but a little small for $26)
4) Key Lime Pie (Disappointing. Had the texture of dense cheese cake and very bland flavor).
I think the fresh seafood is definitely worth coming here for a try, but I would avoid the desserts (the couple next to me had the butterscotch pudding and said it was way too sugary).The food here was just okay, nothing to write home about. We went for brunch, maybe it's not the right place for brunch.Philly Mag deemed this place 2011's Best Power Lunch for a reason. I felt so empowered afterward, I had to leave work for a bit just to try and let some of the power diffuse to the rest of the city.
These oysters are the real deal. They are the kind of oysters I get the urge to stuff sand inside, hoping they pop out some crazy pearls that look as perfect as these guys taste. Fresh, plump, delightfully slimy  - incredibly refreshing on a hot day. I opted for the Cape May, but be aware that the raw bar menu changes seasonally.
The lobster roll (which, keep in mind, is not particularly large) is a whopping 26 bucks, but just try to divert your mind from that wee little fact as you take a bite of this glorious creation. The chunks of meat are large, tender, and full of flavor. The bun is toasted just right and generously buttered (but not too much!). As far as I can tell, there is nothing else quite like it in Philly thus far. My li'l dining buddy went for the OH burger, which was fine, but was clearly living in the shadow of its more attractive older (lobster) sister.
This place is definitely pricey, but I guess power has to come at some sort of cost. Be sure to come by during the buck a shuck happy hour to get more bang for your shuck. (I'm clever, I know)Great place, my old fashioned was made the crafty way and tasted simply spectacular. Oysters yummie and great fisherman stew with just right cooked fish (so many places mess this up by serving overcooked fish) 
Enjoyable place great for all oyster, raw bar and seafood lovers!This is probably my favorite restaurant in Philly! Their oysters are great but so is everything else on the menu! I also love the decor of this place. Beautiful!Great spot found on Yelp! The seafood is as pictured. The flavors are impactful. The portions are small considering we are in the oversized eating society. The lobster was grilled nicely and the salmon was pan seared perfectly. Did not try the table carbs. Fast service during happy hour.We came in around 8pm and is still waiting for our appetizers after an hour. The service is horrible. The waitress only came once during our hour wait and told us the food is coming but 15 mins. passed and it's still not coming. I would NEVER come back here and would not recommend anyone to come here especially we're here with 2 toddlers and they started making a fuss after an hour wait. It's the worst dining experience ever!!! While I'm writing this review, the food is still not here!!!This is my favorite seafood restaurant in Philly bar none.  The food is consistently outstanding, no matter what you order. The oysters are absolutely the best in the city--ask your server for advice, but you really can't go wrong.  The lobster roll reminds me of Maine.  Seafood stew is delicious.  Perfect atmosphere to boot.  And on top of it all, the service is always great--attentive, knowledgeable and supremely polite.
Oh, and the butterscotch pudding for dessert is incredible!
Can't miss here!!!!Stopped in at around 6pm on a Thursday in June and the place was pretty busy- only standing room near the bar. They have a good selection of bourbons/ rye whiskey (Michters).  We ended up eating at the bar...1 dozen Cowboy Oysters, 1 dozen assorted oysters/ clams, fried clam bellies, and calamari. The food was just awesome; fresh and full of flavor. Special shout out to the bartender Giuseppe- he was attentive, personable, and provided a good pour. I'll definitely be back next time I'm in Philly.  *** 5/8/17back again... Michael the bartender crafted incredible Old Fashioned(s) and recommended the cherry stone clams...36 deep and loving them.  Kudos to Michael! Great place, great service, great cocktails, great serviceService was great! Our server was terrific and very knowledgable about the different types of oysters ,their origins and taste ... We ordered the Manhattan clam chowder, the crab cake, 1/2 dozen oysters ,the blue fish, and the combination shrimp and scallops and lobster. All were delish ! The blue fish was accompanied by a cheesy polenta that was dreamy!  We're from Los Angeles area ... But next time we're in Philadelphia... we will be back !Our work department was out to dinner at the Oyster House last night for food and drinks to celebrate the upcoming holidays.  Unfortunately, three of us (out of ten) came down with a nasty case of food poisoning.  We suspect that it might have been the fried clams since none of us ate the same entrees, but we did all share the clams around the table.  
From a non-biased opinion, I thought that the decor and service at the restaurant was great and definitely felt modern and cozy, all at the same time.  The only complaint that I have is that some of us ended up sick not long after leaving.  My advice is -- please check your clam inventory and/or the sauces that were served with them.  My main focus is ensuring that no one else gets sick, too!Based only on snapper turtle soup- Boyfriend was dying to try the snapper turtle soup. Got it as takeout. Wasn't a fan, was sweet and sour and had very little meat. Crackers served with the soup were super dry (think round ball versions of Goya water crackers). Service was friendly; we did takeout only.Went for happy hour buck a shuck... amazing.. ordered two dozen oysters, two dozen clams, pick and peel shrimp and scallop civiche. Everything was amazing. The oysters were sweet and delicious. The clams were good but only if your into a meaty, salty, tangy type of thing..lol.. they were huge, we probably should have only ordered a dozen of those. The Happy Hour drink, Kelly Punch, was so good and refreshing it reminded me of a nice summer day. The staff was super friendly and welcoming. Happy hour fills up pretty quickly as we arrive at 5PM on a Friday and it was already a wait. Can't wait to go back again!We walked in on a Friday, right when HH was ending so the whole restaurant was PACKED!!! But to my surprise, we received awesome service!!! The food was amazing, ordered raw oysters, scallops and fishermen stew. Oysters were freshly shucked, cold and briny. Scallops were perfectly seared served over charred greens and turnip purée. The fishermen stew.... OMG it was delicious! Spicy, flavorful fennel broth with handfuls of seafood babies... Yummmmmmm
This place is a must try!I mostly come for the oysters (especially buck-a-shuck at happy hour) but they do it all well.  Great atmosphere...nice staff...and been doing it well for long time!First, I like to start off by saying "this place is amazing". My whole family was blown away by the service and food, I cannot wait to go back.We went on Saturday for dinner, and it was just amazing.  Over the years we went before they renovated and now its even better. Since they were offering reservations and a special fixed price meal we were lucky to get there early and sit at an elevated two top.   I started with a house pear vodka martini which was delicious.  As veteran customers we opted to eat a la carte rather than the fixed price meal as it worked out about the same price and we're not dessert people.  For appetizers we had cherrystone clams from the raw bar and turtle soup.  Both delicious. Our second course was 1/2 a chilled lobster (which I was afraid would be uncooked as it was under the raw bar menu but that was not the case) and grilled octopus.  My grilled octopus was fantastic served in a bowl with chorizo and a tomato ragu.  It certainly beat the pants off of Pietro's "grilled calamari" which last weekend we found out was just deep fried, frozen rings.  This grilled octopus was so tender and its accompaniments were terrific.  For our main course, my boyfriend had the scallops which he said were so tender they were like butter and were perfectly seared.  I went for the whole grilled lobster and it was a great size complete with an herb butter on the split tail.  Our waiter was nice and friendly without being in your face and had a nice sense of humor.  The place was completely packed but we had no problem hearing each other.  It was a tad dark for us, but the lights from the bar provided enough light to read menus.  The music was nice and upbeat as were all the staff who sat us, waited on us, brought us our food, or cleared our table.  The renovated restaurant  seemed to run like a fine oiled machine. Kudos to the management and the staff! We'll be back soon!!amazing oysters!  This place has a great selection of fresh oysters.  I've never had oysters as fresh & succulent as the ones here.  I get so excited when I know I"ll be coming here for dinner!  The waiters are also very knowledgeable & can help you pick out which oysters you'll probably like.  They usually have the regular bluepoints but also the tiny WA ones like shibumi.  They're great with a crisp cucumber flavor.
I've tried the lobster roll & it was good but not extraordinary -- tastes like the ones I've had in Maine.  I think $26 is a bit expensive for it .  I've also tried the lobster bake -- which was decent as well.
It's also super cute inside with the walls decorated with very pretty oysters plates!
This place makes me happy, so glad I found it!  best oysters!   =)Though I am not a fan of oysters, I truly enjoyed this place. From what my oyster-loving friends said, the oysters were also amazing. The  ambiance is super cool and we had great service. I am definitely going to go again and maybe try to lobster roll, which looked delicious.Came here last October looking for some great seafood and was more than pleasantly surprised. We sat at the raw bar which was so fun. The Raw Bar Chefs were very nice and enjoyed putting on a little show for us. We ordered the sampler, two bloody mary's which were awesome, as well as the clam chowder. Everything was perfectly fresh, tasty and the atmosphere was very welcoming and friendly. I am looking forward to going back the next time I am in town!LOVED this place. My husband and I were on vacation in Philly. We were craving seafood after eating cheesesteaks, Italian sausage and hotdogs (went to ballgame), and found this place on Yelp. It was a 5 min walk from our hotel near City Hall, and had great reviews. Food was excellent!!! We had oysters, clam chowder, lobster roll and fisherman's stew. Everything was delicious. Decor in the place is simple and attractive, and a great spot for Happy Hour. Wish we had a place like this in LA near Seal Beach where we live.Great selection of seafood!!!
The raw oysters and clams were mm mm good.  My gumbo was fantastic (bear in mind, I grew up in Louisiana!).  The baked clams was great and my friend's lobster roll was fantastic!  There is nothing negative that I can say about the food!  My other friend didn't like the burger so much because the blue cheese on it was too strong (hey, let me know if you are asian and you like blue cheese)
Ambience is easy going and not pretentious (the way a seafood place should be)  Our waiter was very nice and geniune, and we left him a good tip.
Finally, a great dinner to end my philly week!  :)What a nice surprise for our Philadelphia trip! Located in Reading Terminal Market, this eatery is one of the few stalls with full service dining/seating options. The seafood is fresh and tasty. My wife, a devout foodie, chose Oscar's crab cakes and green salad once a day for all 4 days of our trip! The cakes were lightly breaded, and heavy on the fresh crab. The Clam chowder was also fresh and delicious. Friendly service and great food. Cash only!Surprisingly awesome.
Came here on a Saturday during brunch. The layout is great, bright and comfortable. The bar area is really cool looking, good for couples. The staff is pretty friendly and knowledgable. 
The beer selection is pretty good, some local beers. The lady ordered the Shrimp & Grits, gigantic shrimp in buttery spicy grits; I ordered the Virginia Oysters, fresh not too briny; smoke blue fish salad, light and salty. We also had a few little neck clams, they were very fishy, not that great.
Just a pleasant experience, great menu, great ingredients. It's surprising such a unique seafood joint is in center city.I can't believe that I forgot to leave a review for this restaurant! My boyfriend and I were visiting from CT in July and saw the reviews for this place so we decided to try it out. The atmosphere is fun and lively. We sat at the Raw Bar and I'm so happy that we did. It was quite the experience watching the guys shucking the oysters. We ordered 6 different oysters from the raw bar and had a couple of oyster shots before our dinner. Delicious. The oysters tasted fresh. The cocktails were amazing, too. I wish I remember what we had. 
For dinner I had seared scallops in this delicious creamy coconut milk broth with jasmine rice. Oh my goodness. I couldn't stop eating it! My boyfriend had the Mixed Grill with swordfish, shrimp, scallops, potatoes and a warm tomato vinaigrette. He said it could have used a little bit more seasoning but overall he was happy with his meal.
We went on a busy Saturday night and the restaurant was packed. I wish the server was a bit more attentive but I understand that he was super busy. 
I can't wait to go back! :)Took burger and half a dozen of oysters. Food was good, not expensive. Would recommend to visit this placeHell of a happy hour if you like good oysters.  I've done plenty of oyster happy hours, and for the quality this was the best I've had.  They were serving James River oysters, which are big, meaty, mild oysters.  Most other places that serve HH oysters use "Gulf" oysters, which means they're wild and from...somewhere.  At $1 each, it's not "cheap" but you get what you pay for.
I didn't try anything else save the beer.  After perusing the menu, I don't think I would eat here...I'm sure it's delightful, but it's pretty spendy for my liking.  For example, $26 for a lobster roll that's billed as a New England-style roll...it had better blow my mind considering how cheap lobsters are these days.  Oysters are $30 a dozen, for East coasters no less, also seems a bit aggressive.  But for happy hour...I'll be here every week.I've come here for birthdays, restaurant week and more. If you're here, definitely try some oysters. Every time I've come here I found the staff and the waiters/waitresses to be very nice and attentive. I recommend for everyone to try this place out for restaurant week, it's worth your time.Came here today for happy hour after 3 different friends recommended us to check it out. I came here at 4:50pm to put my name down for a table of 6. The hostess warned us that it may take up to an hour wait. The place was already crowded by the time I came. It was very clear this place is popular for HH !
In the meantime we went to elixir to grab coffee while we waited. I got a call at 6:10pm for us to come over if we were okay with standing at a small table with only 2 seats. We grabbed that opportunity right away.
The clam special was the cherry stone clam, oysters I cannot recall at this moment.
We ordered a total of 3 dozen oysters, 9 clams, the grilled octopus, and the BBQ oysters. Oysters were delicious and tasted best with the red cocktail sauce. I definitely did NOT like the raw clams -- they were SO salty. It was like drinking sea salt water -- gross.
I enjoyed the grilled octopus, but some of my friends complained about the charcoal taste. They liked the corn and tomatoes garnish more LOL.
As for the BBQ oysters, they only came in fours with a piece of charcoal in the middle, but they were delicious. Indeed, cooked oysters is best!
We also got the cocktail special which is called Kelly's punch - aeporal, grapefruit concoction. It was refreshing and delicious, perfect for those who enjoy grapefruit.
Our waiter was friendly, although it was difficult to track him down due to the incredibly crowded and tight space. Overall it was a great experience and I'll definitely come here again!Two words: those.OYSTERS!
I am absolutely in love with this place.  We came there for lunch and they sure didn't disappoint.  The Judi salad was fantastic. The shrimp cocktail was quickly devoured by my son who asked for more.  The oysters were super fresh, we couldn't get enough of them.  
Next time I am in Philly, I'll make sure my party goes to the Oyster House for dinner.Great fresh food. The wait for a table was worth it. The Bloody Mary rocked!
We ordered a variety of oysters as an app. And then the seafood stew was perfectly seasoned with a little heat, spicy.I went for the late night Happy Hour on Saturday nights, 9-11 pm. So cool that they have a happy hour at this time and was so excited for buck a shuck! The raw bar in the center is really cool to sit at and the oysters were the best ones I have ever had outside of Maine. Cocktail for $5 was a delicious punch with gin and grapefruit juice, even my boyfriend who is not a huge cocktail drinker had to order one after tasting mine. They also offered raw clams on buck a shuck for happy hour but I wasn't adventurous enough to try them this time, they were huge though!When you go to a place called the Oyster House, of course you have to get oysters! We tried 5 different kinds and they were all fresh and tasty. Sat at the oyster bar and witnessed the shuckers preparing our order. Their steam clam wasn't as good as we hoped, or maybe it was made differently than we expected it to be so we didn't enjoy it as much. Instead of being in soup, the clams were served dry in a bucket with the soup on the side. Therefore, we didn't get to drink the soup that has all the flavor in it. The lobster roll, though, was the bomb! My wife doesn't normally eat lobster and even she loved it. Cocktails were great but strong.The wAs so good i really enjoyed the food. My bartender was even better i forgot her name. I was so excited to cone her and have dinnerGo for the happy hour! Dollar oysters, dollar clams....5 dollar wine and beer options. Great deals! Fresh seafood! Not too noisy but a fun young crowd. Would most definitely recommend this to any friend or someone coming from out of town. Always  a good spot!I absolutely love raw bars.  This place is a come-back-to the next time I am in Philadelphia.
The oyster selection was very good.  There were 9 selections last night and I had a dozen.  The New England Clam Chowder was piping hot and absolutely delicious.  I then had the crab cake.  It was a good crab cake.  But I had a crab cake in Baltimore that will never be topped, and it's sad that I compare all crab cakes to that one.  But this one was good.  Good lump meet, not a lot of fill, and a great, tasty remoulade.  But what was beyond nomz...the shaved brussels sprout slaw on the side.  It had shaved parmesan cheese in it and pecans.  Holy moly was that good.
Great cocktail and beer selection.  Because I live in the Midwest, I don't make it out of a good raw bar/seafood joint on the East Coast for less than $100, so don't take my pricing for anything.  
It's a little loud, but that's okay.  It's a fun place and the staff is really nice.Something magical happens when a warm, soft on the inside, buttered and toasted on the outside, JJ Nissen bun contrasts with the cool sweetness of lobster, with just a touch of celery for crunch. In my humble opinion, Oyster House's lobster roll is "good", very good in fact, and possibly the closest you'll get to a "true" Maine lobster roll in Philadelphia. 
Oh, how I miss Maine..Craving anything oyster we hopped in the car and headed to Samson Street. On the half shell with lemon, horseradish, and a cracker they were fresh and really had a delicious flavor. The fried oyster platter, I had never seen oysters so big, these monster oysters were perfectly fried, crisp on the outside and tender on the inside a dunk in the sauce and I was satisfied!Best. Happy. Hour. In. Philadelphia! Get there 20 min to 5PM to secure a seat. Grab a cocktail, shooter, and a dozen fresh oysters at a time.... Guaranteed to get your night off to a fantastic start! Oyster House has the best selection in town, seafood is fresh, and the happy hour specials rival any other top quality restaurant in town. Don't be fooled by other "buck a shuck" lures... There is a reason why it packs up nightly from 5-7PM!!The oysters here are sooooo good and so fresh. You can't beat their "buck-a-shuck" happy hour deal! I went with my boyfriend at around 5pm just about when happy hour was beginning and we got seated right away at the oyster bar where you can see the oyster/clam shuckers working and preparing the oysters right in front of you! Very cool. We were told by the reviews to come in early because seats can be filled right away and they weren't lying lol. After we got seated, the restaurant got busier and busier but the servers were attentive and nice. My boyfriend ordered the fried calamari and I got a dozen and half oysters. They were so good, so fresh and so big. Fried calamari was a little bland and they only give one lemon per tray of oysters but it was still good. Still goooood.We decided to go with a 9 month old. It was loud in there anyway so it didn't matter when she started screaming. The place was hip and fun. They give you oyster crackers and horseradish to snack on while you're waiting. Some of the most flavorful horseradish I've ever had. The BBQ oysters were my favorite of all that I've tried. If you want to eat something a bit more substantial, their oyster burger was out of this world!!"A" for elegant, slick decor with classic overtones reminiscent of the Oyster Bar in Grand Central Station, the Grand Daddy of the concept.  "A" for the fun vivacious Happy Hour crown and value drinks/oysters.  Oyster crackers, excellent, fresh, plentiful.  Drinks created from a rich array of quality booze.  Peel and eat shrimp great value.  Soups, underwhelming but NOT bad...I just prefer a heartier stock in my Snapper Soup (dating myself with the Bookbinders comparison). Bud had New England Clam Chowder, same comment: underwhelming.  So food= "B".  That said, I go out for the whole package, and I think it's a great time.  Sweet hostess, professional yet engaging barkeep. I like that the age skews younger to a 20's-30's professional crowd. For architectural purists, floor to ceiling white subway tile.  Classic white marble aged bar-top.  Wide plank wood floors. Exposed ductwork and track lighting provides a nice juxtaposition between old/new, done in a monochromatic pallet of taupes, whites, creams, browns and back.  Very nice.We found this place because we were looking for seafood. It's a 5 min walk from the hotel so by not try. The reviews seem pretty good too. They offer high tables and regular dining tables. We came here with Hubby's business friend. We ordered mostly from the appetizer menu and I got one entree for myself too but I liked appetizer better. The entree that I got was the fisherman's stew and I didn't really like this dish. It was seafood swimming in a red tomato sauce but the sauce wasn't that good. We ordered steamers, grilled octopus, fried calamari, fried oysters and one more could be fish but I wasn't sure because I didn't get a good taste of that. The best part of all the dishes were calamari and steamers. I still prefer raw oysters! They also made a good fruit cocktail for me. Also the best part of the night was my cheesecake at the end. Hubby's friend ordered carrot cake bread pudding, but my cheesecake's the best! Highly recommend cheesecake. Desserts are homemade. They made these at home. Their home! Get the best cheesecake from this home!I went here about a month ago with my boyfriend during happy hour. We initially sat at the bar for a few oysters. Yes...I said a few. Well a few turned into a couple dozen. The were so delicious and fresh! The bar area is a bit tight, but it's worth it for the price. 
After eating oysters at the bar and having a couple of drinks, we sat at a table for a meal. At this point I wasn't extremely hungry, but we had to try the lobster roll. IT WAS AMAZING!!! Large chunks of lobster, not heavy on the mayo which allowed all the sweetness of the lobster to really shine. The roll had a nice toast to it and to top it off....it was buttered. I must say their lobster roll is one of my new favorite things to eat. Absolutely delicious!!
While it was our first time visiting The Oyster House....It certainly won't be our last. 5 stars all the way!!
P.S. This is my first Yelp review :)Never left here unsatisfied. Their lobster roll is the best in the city. Pricey but worth it. Comes with a huge pile of crispy fries. No soggy fries here.  All the seafood options are great as well.Oyster House has the freshest and tastiest raw delicacies in Philadelphia.  I am never disappointed whenever I dine here.  My most recent dinner not only exceeded my expectations, but my dining experience was absolutely wonderful because of my server Michael.  From the moment we sat down until his perfectly timed greeting, we knew we were in good hands.  His recommendations on the perfect pairing of food and drink were just right.  Everything we asked for, we delightfully received. From the oversized Wellfleet and Naked Cowboy oysters to the handcrafted graham cracker and carrot cake ice creams, his recommendations were superb.  Even our spirits and non-alcoholic drinks were appropriately paired based on Michael's suggestions.  We left more than satisfied with our meals and service.  We will definitely return and will ask for Michael again.Terrible service. 20+ minute wait for anything.  Not your valuable time and effort. We left before we were able to place an order.Excellent lunch all around. Have not been here in a while, and I like the new bright look. Very friendly efficient service in a quite busy lunch on a Monday. Had the very tasty snapper soup. The Sherry on the side was a nice touch that many often forget. Really outstanding order of Southern Fried Oysters with Chicken salad. A real Philadelphia Classic. The oysters were plump and the batter was crisp and tasty. The chicken salad had just the right amount of mayo. Will be back to check out the extensive raw bar.The oyster from west coast is small and great, named Kusshi, fresh and tight, no even a little bit sand. I love it. but the one on this photo is normal.Best oysters for the best price during happy hour. Entrees are kinda pricey but worth it. Lobster Benedict on Saturdays is the best benedict in Philly.Came here once for happy hour $1 oysters. They were amazing and very worth it. We ordered about 8 dozen a long with some apps. I would recommend the clam chowder and also the calamari.
There was a bit of a wait but it was worth it. $3 drafts during happy hour. The only bad thing was there was a small area designated to happy hour prices. There was a lot of seating in the back but you would of had to pay full price.BEWARE OF THE LONG WAIT DURING HAPPY HOUR. Yes the oysters are only a $1, but the wait for a dozen of them took maybe 30min to 45min. That is just something customers need to deal with since everyone wants oysters. People can try to come in earlier for happy hour if one does not like waiting. The crowds also get pretty crazy so be ready to get comfortable with everyone next to you! I did like the fact that people can order however many oyster he or she wishes. There is no minimum to an order if that makes sense. 
The oysters were pretty good and decently sized. The waiters could be a little bit more attentive because I had to ask several times for certain items (i.e more water or lemon slices for the oysters).
I definitely recommend having friends split up and put names down for Oyster House AND mission taqueria upstairs. Might as well try to kill two birds with one stone. My sister and I literally did happy hour at mission taqueria and then bounced into oyster house for some more deals :)Food, Oysters, Service were all very good.  Nice simple ambiance and attentive waitstaff. I had people in from every corner of the world and each person loved the place!!  Good stuff!The new decor was good, but the service was abysmal. 
We went for dinner on a Monday night and it took over 2 hours from start to finish. It was not full, nor did they seem busy. It took over 15 minutes for our waitress to even acknowledge us, another 20 to get drinks, and then we had to ask to order 15 minutes after that. Then our appetizers came out with a huge wait for the next course and the next as well. 
On top of waiting forever for the food, I ordered the Oysters Rockefeller and it was the most pathetic version I have ever gotten. I am used to the oysters being STUFFED to the brim and the cheese covering the entire shell, these were TINY oysters, covered with a tiny dollop of spinach and seriously 4 specks of cheese on top. 
The 'large plates' were really small, so I couldn't imagine what the small plates would have been. 
It wasn't a complete disaster food wise, the raw oysters were phenomenal, but the service really sucked. 
Over all, not worth fighting the traffic on 76 for this revival.My wife & I went on the Saturday before Valentine's Day for dinner. I had been there several times before they closed & really missed the place. Service was 1st rate, beer was fresh, oysters were excellent, & our entrees were delicious. My only complaint is that for what they were charging for dinner (bill came to $115 for dinner, & that's w/ only 2 drinks & no dessert!), they could have served larger portions. $26 dollars for a small piece of bluefish & a lobster sandwhich & I left hungry!!On my first visit to Philly I passed Oyster House while walking around. As a huge seafood lover and lover of clean modern interior design I was smitten. Since OH was closed I decided it was number one on my list for my return trip. The following month I came in on a date night with very high hopes. 
We were seated quite promptly at 7pm Halloween weekend (Saturday). The hostess seemed a bit deer in the headlights but was nice enough. Our server took our drink orders and returned once again for our dinner order. After that I saw him once more when we were ready to leave. I think that one of the front house managers noticed this because we only spoke to our server that last time after the house manager spoke to him while looking at us.  
As an SF native with access to amazing seafood I was really underwhelmed by OH. I really enjoyed the ambiance and My Blue Coat Gimlet was awesome. Probably the second best one I have had next to the one served at Homestead in SF. The house salad had a pretty good dressing but I like my salad to be a little more dressed than was presented to me, easily fixable. The steamed clams I had were nice and fresh but the broth was just nothing short of standard where I expected exceptional. 
I'm going to give this place one more chance because the staff that I did interact with (runners)  were very pleasant and I was quite pleased with how attentive they were. Hopefully we will get a better server. The pros outweigh the cons. 
Pros: 
- Ambiance
- Attentive Runners
- Seated promptly
- Great Cocktails
Cons:
- Average Seafood
- Lackluster WaiterTerrible service. The hostess was extremely rude. We had an extra stool at our table to make a 4 person table a 5 person. The 5th person went up To go to the bathroom and the hostess stole the chair in the middle of our meal. Absolutely unheard of and terrible customer service. She did not give back the chair. The oysters are good though.I came here during restaurant week with a group of friends so i was able to try a couple of different dishes. 
The quality, presentation, and taste of the food were way above standard. 
I ordered from the restaurant week menu which consist of cherry clam , crab cake, casino clam and unfortunately they ran out of chocolate pudding but they did not disappoint me with the pecan pie. 
Fortunately for me, I was able to have a taste of their other dishes that they provide as well, which includes half shelled oysters, calamari, lobster roll, and flounder. These dishes not only tastes great but looks great!
More importantly, the servers were still nice and friendly to us despite our late reservation at 9:30 pm (this place closes at 10pm). I did not feel like I was being rushed to finish my food. Great service overall.
Definitely will be coming back to Oyster House for Happy Hour to see what the Buck a Shuck deal is all about!We stopped by for happy hour (5-7pm Monday to Friday) and had a great time! The two of us got seated immediately at the raw bar, which was cool because we got to see our oysters and clams being prepared. The inside of the restaurant is very bright and clean, and gave off a very casual and modern vibe. The employees were all really nice and friendly! 
I felt that the HH menu was rather limited but it was still a good time anyway. We ordered the shooters, a dozen each of the $1 oysters and $1 clams. Most of the oysters were good, but some were super tiny. The clams weren't that great but whatever they were $1 each haha. The shooters were super fun and had an oyster inside!! I wish I ordered more. I liked that the servers reminded us when it was last call for HH, since not all places do that. Would recommend for the cool ambiance!Absolutely love this spot in Philly! They have happy hour (at the bar) every day and while my boyfriend, friend, and I were staying in Philly for the weekend, we came here on both nights. 
The first night, we mainly ordered HH oysters which were the Watch House for that weekend. Very fresh and not briney at all, it was also quite plump. We also ordered the Cherrystone clams and they were extremely big, delicious! My boyfriend and friend don't exactly like clams but they both agreed that this place serve up some non-fishy and acceptable clams. The service was nice and quick, they serve oysters by the dozen so even if you order 5 dozens, it will come out a dozen at a time.
The second night was a bit more packed but we got seats at the bar in about 10 minutes which wasn't bad. We ordered the HH oysters again and it was as great as it was the first night. Apparently, Oyster House ordered a lot of lobsters that day and had special price cuts for their lobster entrees. We couldn't resist so we ordered the Lobster Roll - New England style and also the Split Grilled Whole Main Lobster. The lobster entrees were absolutely delectable. One of the few places that makes a really kick-ass new england style lobster roll, it had chunks of meat that was lightly covered in mayo and placed between a toasted buttered roll.
If you love seafood and just so happen to stay in Philly, do visit Oyster House.You'll be doing yourself and your stomach good.請記得，工作日下午5點到7點是happy hour, 不僅酒水有優惠，連生蠔和clam也都一元一只而已！我第一次去的時候是我第一次食到生的clam，比生蠔還要肥美，比生蠔還要鹹鮮！雖然我吃海鮮會過敏，但為了如此鮮美的海鮮，吃完再吃藥吧。What a huge disappointment. I have not been here for years.  The Samson Street Oyster House for many, many years had been my favorite lunch spot in Philly. Alas, no more.  I worked nearby in Center City Philadelphia and would come here often. The place has been completely redone and no longer has that neighborhood feel. The prices have been all jacked up and the menu shortened. I ordered the snapper soup. Yuck! Tasteless and watery. I then moved onto the Lobster Roll sandwich. First, the price should scare you away, but what the heck, $27.99? It has to be great? Nope! Also awful. A modest scoop of tasteless lobster meet on a squished (yes, my roll was squished) hot dog roll, not even a good quality hot dog roll a shmegegge and crappy hot dog roll. Accompanying the sandwich were pickle chips and homemade potato chips. $27.99 for that?  I will not be returning.Well, this is a cool spot. Great decorations and a great vibe. But I don't think it is amazing, and I think it needs some work considering the price.
We came for lunch with two babies and it worked well. Rave reviews about the lobster roll. My oysters were perfect too. Great recommendations from the server too.
Beer list? Needs work. Had trouble finding a stand out option to be honest. And that double old fashioned glass my DIPA came in? A little lame. My soft crap benedict was more water than soft--maybe it was a little out of season, I don't know.
If it were just happy hour and oysters, it's a solid three star. As a full meal? lacking.I will preface with the fact that I DO NOT EAT CHEESE. I have always hated the taste of cheese and it has never sat well in my system. I ordered the crab cake and asked what was in it to be sure there was no cheese or dairy cause I'm no amateur and i know people sneak whatever they want in a crab cake. I assumed the "Shaved Brussels and pecan slaw" was safe from cheese, you know, so i didn't ask. Food comes. I must say, the crab cake was very delicious however the "Brussels and pecan slaw" contained a significant amount of Pecorino cheese in it (which was not an ingredient listed on the menu). Again, I DO NOT EAT CHEESE!!! When I asked the waitress if there was cheese in the "Shaved Brussels and Pecan" slaw she said yes and advised me that i "should always ask" to be sure. First of all, don't tell me what I should do cause what y'all should do is let people know that you put a very specific Italian sheeps milk cheese inside of what you call a "slaw". Second of all,  this isn't some regular Parmesan or mozzarella (tastes i have grown to ignore over the years if need be) this is a real specific and stinky cheese that is one four overall ingredients in the damn "slaw." YOU should know that means it makes  up a quarter or 25% of the dish. Last and most importantly, there's people out here ALLERGIC TO CHEESE AND DAIRY. IT SHOULD BE SAFE TO ASSUME THAT  PECORINO CHEESE IS NOT IN A "SHAVED BRUSSELS AND PECAN SLAW". I wouldn't have been so upset if the waitress hadn't told me what I "should" do in the future. I hope she reads this and reflects on how silly it is that she told me that. And seriously just let people know that you put Pecorino in the slaw or honestly just taken it out and save yourselves some money. Xoxoxo, ERIC V.PRO: We got 3 dozen oysters and they were all so fresh and tasty.  The shooters are tasty too- We ordered the Gin and Vodka one and we were not disappointed.
CON:  Long wait on weekends.  I guess this is to be expected.  It's very crowded and not a whole lot of waiting space, so sometimes you have to wait outdoors.  The place is big inside and I love the environment, but the wait was lengthy.I really enjoyed the friendly staff here. The waiter was so nice and took his time explaining the different selection of oysters available. I personally do not like seafood, but my friend loved everything she tried here. She tried a variety of oysters, the steamers, and the lobster roll. I've never seen her eat so much and finish the food. I personally tried the lobster bisque which was very good, but left a weird sting in my throat for some reason. I also loved their fries. Super delicious and very addicting! I would highly recommend here if you are a fan of seafood! Very pricey though.A little pricey - but worth every penny.  The oysters, fried oysters, lobster roll, chowder -- all A+.   Dinner for two with two glasses of wine came to about $100.... but seriously, we were ok with that.  Terrific food.4th July and I want to have oysters and seafoods... might be a crazy idea but finally this house opened its door to us. Oyester were amazing in a large selection, the "pamequid" was my best, really tasty and no too salty.
The barmaid was nice with us, taught us about Gin  (i REALIZE I Really Don't LIKE it!). Switch for a frozen shot of vodka instead:)As a frequent visitor prior to the remodel I must say I like the new décor and reduction in seating and layout of the raw bar area seems to accommodate a happy hour environment.   Wish I had read the reviews prior to checking out the new venue - I would have gone for happy hour.   At lunch, we got some oysters and clams from the raw bar and they were fresh and delicious.  I enjoyed the lobster roll albeit definitely pricey for the equivalent of a 1 lb lobster.  Also found a former favorite, the fried oyster and chicken salad plate pretty small for the price.  Another major change in addition to the smaller portions and hiked prices was the incredibly slow and rather unfriendly service.   It was not at all crowded, so I don't know why our order took so long.  Perhaps we did not win the server lotto as our guy just did not seem to want to be there or may have been having a bad day.  A simple requested substitution of another cheese on the oyster burger could not be accommodated and I never remember that happening prior to the remodel.   
Sounds like this place works best at happy hour.  Perhaps we will check that out for some inexpensive oysters.  Think the buck a shuck is the way to go here.  We could definitely do some damage.  However; don't think we will be back for lunch or dinner.We walked to the Oyster house on a cold and blustery April evening at about 7pm.  The place looked packed, but they sat us right away.  The table we were given was small but well spaced so we did not feel cramped.  
We started with the Raw Bar Sampler. It came out very quickly and everything was very fresh and tasty.  My wife had the turtle soup and she said it was delicious.  I had the Lobster bisque and I would have to say it was one of the best I ever had.  My wife's monkfish  was very goodm and the skate that I had was so good I ate more than I should have and left very full.  I am very glad we walked there.
     Over all I really enjoyed the whole dinning experience here.  They were very busy and the food came very quickly, not rushed, but it was timed perfectly.  We would have no problem recommending the Oyster House to anyone looking for really good fresh seafood in Philly.I've been wanting to go here for happy hour for months now, but never had the chance until now. I went on a Monday around 6pm for happy hour/dinner and I was surprised the size of the crowd for a Monday, but my party of 2 was seated pretty quickly in the bar area. We started with the buck a shuck oysters, they were huge for only $1 and really tasty.  Then we got dinner, I got the lobster roll which was very flavorful and the fries were thin and cooked really well.  My boyfriend got the sea bass entree that he said was good too. 
The waitress was helpful and for the most part we had really fast service. Definitely will be back for happy hour and/or dinner again.We arrived about 7pm on a busy Saturday night and were seated right away, it was just 2 of us. The service was great as was the food. I can see why this place is so highly rated. The worst part was finding a place to park. We were visiting from Baltimore so had no idea it would be so hard to find street parking. We drove around for 20 minutes before parking in the garage across the street from the restaurant and forking over $33. Next time I will research parking first.Great place! We had originally went there for the happy hour, but didn't plan accordingly and ended up being over an hour early. But seriously, $1 oyster shots is a great deal.
Food: We shared a seafood sampler which had everything from lobsters to mussels to oysters. Along with some beer and wine. I did find that I didn't take too much of a liking to oysters but everything else tasted great. 
Atmosphere: Great atmosphere for a night out on the town. I suggest sharing a sampler between 3 or 4 people and ordering drinks and chatting it up for the night.Can't believe I haven't written about this place...been for a leisurely Saturday lunch, once for dinner with friends and TWICE when the family was in town.  Love the decor and the many oyster plates on the wall.  Love the service--so friendly and helpful in explaining to a novice like me how to pick an oyster.  AND incredibly patient when I came with the family and their myriad dietary requirements.
So that's the service and the decor...definitely don't make the place, but can ruin it.  From my perspective, Oyster House nailed it.
Now the food/drink.  I love the fish house punch.  Love it love it love it.  I haven't tried anything else, but they have a pretty good beer/wine list, and haven't heard any complaints from the people with me (one very good compliment on the bloody mary and the mimosa).  SO: for the food: I love the lobster roll.  Granted, its not summer shoreline awesome, but still very very good.  The fisherman's stew is lovely, and ACTUALLY spicy (in so many places, the spice is much too light).  For lunch my sibs loved the chopped salad and smoked trout hash.  Oysters were good and fresh.  Definitely one of my go to places!
(Took off one star because I liked, but didn't love the crabcakes.  Needed less breading on the outside.)A little pricey but the food is good and the service is great.Oyster House has been around for a while, but I never seemed to try it out. I finally went when some visitors came into town. Philadelphia doesn't have very many seafood restaurants, but now I know where to go if I am craving a New England style feast. It was a good thing I went during the week, since it wasn't too crowded and the noise level wasn't too bad. Wish they took reservations though. 
The decor of the restaurant is inviting and makes you feel as if you are in New England. There is a full bar at the front. An oyster bar in the middle where you can watch the chefs shuck the oysters. And the tables in the back with oyster plates all over the walls. The service was helpful, though the waitress seemed a little stressed. 
The food is very good. The oysters Rockefeller and clams casino were nicely cooked. The new england clam chowder and lobster bisque are good portions. The crab cakes are delicious - tons of crab and not too much filler with a tasty remoulade. If you are into soft-shell crabs, make sure to go here when they are in season. Finally, for dessert, the butterscotch pudding is fun to share with your table. One drawback of the food is that it overall was a little oily and felt heavy even though it is seafood. Will come back and try more - especially want to get the lobster roll.Happy hour is a must, other than that the tab will rack up plenty quickly. As expected, it does get rowdy and boisterous during happy hour and the wait can get out of hand so show up early. There are $1 oysters and clams, and also $3 beers. I managed to try the grilled octopus as well as the steamers off the menu, and to me they weren't quite worth the price I was paying. I would hazard a guess that most things off the regular menu would be in the same category. Service forgot two of the things I ordered, so depending on how much you care about small things like that you might or might not like this place. 
Five stars for happy hour, three stars for normal hours, averaging out to four stars overall.If you are new to the world of oyster eating (as I am), Oyster House's happy hour is a great place to ease your way in.  Between 5-7 (I assume only on weekdays) they offer one type of oyster for a $1, plus a discounted beer and wine.  I also tried an oyster shooter, which was interesting.  
I like the decor here very much.  It has the feel of a quaint seafood house, which is not what one would necessarily expect in center city.  Also, service was excellent.  I would definitely like to go back and explore some of the other seafood items on the menu and try more oysters.I hadn't eaten oysters before I stepped foot into Oyster House. I went in with an oyster lover and connoisseur. We were both pulled in due to the open and bright clean aura of the restaurant. 
It's a beautiful place with plenty of east coast charm. It's classy as well, as the waiters and bar tenders really knew their oysters and beverages. Between the waiter's knowledge, my oyster connoisseur companion and awesome taste testing, I learned  quite a bit about the joy of eating good oysters. 
I owe this place for introducing me to the yum that is an occasional creamy giant west coaster or a small briny/salty east coaster.
Thanks Oyster House! And thanks for the tasty Pimm's Cup too!Great spot for Oysters! But the shooters weren't great. Service was great. I would definitely suggest it because they always bring in fresh Oysters from different regions. Price isn't too bad either.This is such a wonderful, center city based place. If you love oysters, clams, shrimp, and all things sea then you want to be sure you stop in here. The oysters are always cleaned to perfection, everything has a clean taste really. AWESOME HAPPY HOUR. It gets crowded during happy hour, so I'd get there early on, but either way... You won't be disappointed! One of my favorite Philly spots.This is the place my husband and I hang out on the weekends. Love there happy hour oysters! The drinks are amazing too.It was a nice environment. Wished they happy hour menu had more choices of food. Place gets very jam packed though. I would recommend to friends and family.Great happy hour for oyster lovers! Only $1 oyster!! Two of my fav dishes are their lobster roll and shrimp sandwich!Love this place - little noisy by the kitchen, but food is great! i hope to sit at the ice bar next time i come :)Still a great happy hour, though it tends to get packed pretty early...not such a hidden treasure anymore.
Try and get a seat at the oyster shucking bar. It's so fun to watch the guys shucking them. And don't forget to tip 'em - they deserve it!In a word, fantastic. I went for the buck a shuck happy hour and polished off 2 dozen oysters in record time. The hostess and servers couldn't have been nicer and the Cape May oysters were incredibly fresh and briny. The party next to me had a bowl of mussels that smelled terrific. I am planning to do some entertaining when I am next in Philly and am sure that I will be giving some expense money to this establishment.RATING
Food*:              4
Service*:          5
Value:               3
Atmoshpere:    3
Presentation:   3
*Weighted X 2
OVERAL RATING:  3.85
ORDER:
Roasted Oyster Sampler   two of each kind (Rockefeller, Marrakesh, Toscana) . . 15
New  England  Clam  Chowder .. 6.5
OH  BURGER    grass fed beef, blue cheese, fried oyster, grilled onions, w/fries.  . 14
LOBSTER  ROLL  new england style w/ hand cut fries . . . . . 26
FISHERMAN'S  STEW    shellfish, fish, spicy broth, saffron rouille .. 21
Gumbo....??
TOTAL: $???
PEOPLE: 4
OPINION:
A group of 4 of us came here for dinner on 5/26. We started off with the oyster sampler was a nice way to get a taste of the different kinds of oysters.  I haven't developed a taste or preference for oysters but all were good.  I would not recommend the burger....because it's an oyster house!  My friend loved the Gumbo. And she is a native to Louisiana.  My lobster roll was good, but by the time I got to it, I was already stuffed.  
We didn't have room for desert.  The service was warm and welcoming.  They were also informative.  
Overall, a solid dinner. If i'm back in town, I will have to check it out again.We really enjoyed the oyster house!  My partner had the salmon and oysters.  I had mussels.  The place is very up-beat, the service is excellent, and we will be back!  One note:  I have back issues and cannot sit on backless stools.  I fail to understand why pricier restaurants with great food use uncomfortable seating.  We had to wait a bit longer to get a table with regular chairs, which made our evening much more pleasant.The oysters are to die for! And the shrimp salad sandwich was amazing. Don't forget to tip the shucker, they really make sure you get the best quality seafood.2 dozen oysters/variety....delicious...steamed clams ah not a fan of the pisser clams...snapper soup very good..havent gone for buck a shuck yet, cant wait to though..would of given 5 stars if not for the clams..but the oysters were to die for.  Will be back soon hopefully.I wasn't necessarily looking for a lobster roll, but the reviews of Oyster House twisted my arm and forced me to visit to try for myself. I must say, I was not disappointed! Lobster was plentiful, tastefully dressed, and very tasty. The warm buttered bun provided the perfect complimentary bite. Served with a side of delicious fries...seriously SO GOOD! 
I'm sure there are other amazing items on the menu - judging by the plates at the tables around me - but I can only vouch for the lobster roll. Definitely worth the visit, and I hope to come back when I'm in town again!The food was amazing, the oysters were fresh and they even had oyster shots which was pretty cool to try. I'm Caribbean and our oyster shots compared to theirs was alot different considering we don't do liquor often in ours, but it was good to try. My boyfriend and I shared a seafood dish with shrimp and scallops and veggies which was really good as well. The drinks was also a nice addition to our meal.Awesome restaurant, amazing service, great food - overall a perfect dining experience, every time we have been there.  The raw oysters are perfect along with the Fish Stew. Actually after thinking about it - we have never had anything that wasn't perfect at the Oyster House.  I would recommend you save room for dessert.Extremely rude server. She acted like we were an inconvenience from our first encounter to the last. She never smiled. She just rolled her eyes every time she walked away. Clam chowder & lobster were decent, but the crab wasn't very good. We discussed our issues with the manager who apologized and asked if she could take our bill so we let her assuming that meant she was going to offer a small discount, but she still charged us full price.Great service, fun atmosphere, casual and laid back. Nice Happy Hours "Buck a Shuck", clams and oysters, although that's only at the bar, you can watch the workers open the oysters right in front of you. The chowders are also good. The regular menu is decent, a nice selection of salads, sandwiches and other seafood plates. I usually just go for the oysters and clams.I heard about the lobster rolls here and had to try them. I will tell you that even though they are $26, I believe they are worth every penny.  Every meal I've eaten since then, all I can think about is that lobster roll. Nothing compares!
We went for lunch on a Saturday and were seated right away which was great. Our waiter was super friendly and suggested the $5 donuts which we couldn't pass up. Delicious. We also got naked cowboy oysters which were huge and very good. 
Overall, it was a fantastic experience and can't wait to go back.I really would like to give this restaurant a better rating because I've heard great reviews about this place, but my experience was sub-par to say the least.  I understand that this restaurant is particularly busy during happy hour, especially on a Friday night.  We were lucky enough to get a seat at the bar or we would have had to wait at least another 30 minutes for a table. We ordered the clam chowder, 1 dozen oysters, and 1 dozen clams along with a couple drinks. My clam chowder came out very quickly!  After waiting about 20 minutes though, we did not have any oysters or clams, nor did we receive any update from the staff on when our food would be ready.   My boyfriend asked the bartender for an update on our food and the bartender's response was something to the effect of "They come out when they're ready, I have no control over it".  After that abrupt and borderline rude response, I did order another drink to keep myself occupied until my food arrived.  After a few sips, I noticed a dark, short hair in my drink...much like the bartender's hair.  I informed him of the hair and he nonchalantly stated "okay" and dumped the drink.  No apology and he did not even offer to compensate for the drink.  We did inform the manager-Becky about the issue and she was very nice and apologetic.  However, I will be hesitant to come here again in the future due to the overall lack of customer service.Go for their happy hours! Great drink/food specials from a normally expensive but popular oyster bar! Be prepared for a boysterous night if you go on the weekends as it is very crowded!We Visited On a Wednesday night during Happy Hour. Place was packed and I would later find out with good reason. The happy hour oyster is the James River and it's awesome. Fresh, sweet and just the right brine. Our server was Todd but your service isn't limited to just one server. The place runs like a very well oiled machine. The service is flawless. Who ever manages this place knows what they are doing. You give your drink order to one person and within minutes your drink is served by a different person. Literally only a few moments pass. Everyone is kind and friendly and your table is cleared in a timely fashion. I can't say enough about our waiter, Todd. He was great.  But the star of this place is clearly the oysters. Which its why it's called the Oyster House ! PS try the chihuahua shot. It's heaven.Great seafood without a doubt! Drinks are wonderful as well, prices are a little steep but your getting what you pay for and that's quality!!This is my favorite seafood restaurant in philly downtown. If you are in the mood for delicious raw oysters, this is the place to be~! The oysters are always very fresh and properly seasoned. There are more than one kind of oysters, some saltier than others. The service is consistently good. Although you have to wait 25-30min, it is really worth the wait~Great happy hour! Fresh $1 raw oysters and juicy raw clams with $3 kenzinger! Always friendly service and a casual and clean atmosphere.The oysters I ordered were good, as well as the wine and both were good.  I was sure to tip the guys who crack open the oysters. I forgot what they are called.The boyfriend and I ended up here on Friday night on a whim. We arrived around 8:30pm and were told there was about a 20 minute wait for a table for 2, the hostess took our phone number and told us she would call if we would like to go somewhere else for a drink in the meantime. The bar and entrance area were completely packed, so we walked over to Oscar's Tavern a few doors down. We were enjoying our beers there for maybe 10 minutes, and the hostess from Oyster House called - our table was ready! 
The restaurant is much different than I was expecting it to be - nice vibe, large open space, tables were fairly close together but not too close for comfort.  The bar area was packed and had lots of high top tables - would definitely consider sitting over there on an off night or happy hour.
Our waiter promptly greeted us and filled our water glasses. I had the Yard's Oyster Stout (yum!) and  B had an Old Fashioned. Drinks were brought over quickly, and we decided on clams casino for an appetizer. I liked the clams casino but I think next time I will opt to try some oysters, as I am an oyster virgin and wasn't feeling very adventurous on Friday night. 
For our entrees, I had the lobster roll (served New England Style aka chilled) which was served with a large portion of fries. The lobster roll was a bit on the expensive side, yes, but SO worth it! Delicious lobster meat, just a hint of mayo and some chives on a perfectly toasted roll... I savored every single bite. B got the fisherman's stew which was a fairly large portion and served with some delicious garlic bread.  I think we were both very happy with our meals and the service was great, our waters were kept full and plates were cleared quickly after we were finished. 
I look forward to returning to the Oyster House with friends or family for the Dump Dinner! :)This is my favorite seafood place in Philly. I LOVE it. Food is always amazing. The happy hour is a great deal. Everything I've gotten on the menu is delicious. Definitely try!If you love oysters, this is your nirvana! We sat at the Raw bar and watched the show of the schuckers. We also made our own sampler (you can purchase the oysters individually) which gave us the chance to get an education on varieties and tastes of oysters. Our server was knowledgeable on the oysters and worked with us on drink selections to go with our oysters.  Sure it wasn't cheap,  but it was tasty!I really wish this could be three and a half stars, I rounded up because I really enjoyed the experience itself and the decor/vibe of the restaurant a great deal. Services was OK, definitely not too friendly, but we didn't suffer or want for anything either so no real complaints. We did have to wait about 20 minutes for our reservation, and were somewhat packed in, but I've waited longer. 
We started with oysters, and as a oyster newby I have to admit to really enjoying them! There is really good selection, and the server told us which to order for those who aren't familiar, and which were good for those with a more seasoned oyster palate. 
The food was pretty good as well, minus one for being out of calamari but oh well, not killer. My favorite dish was the scallops my friend got, very well done, lots of flavor and great sides, the other stand out was the mixed grill. The lobster roll, crab cake, and bass were all tasty as well but nothing to write home about, I would forego the $26 lobster roll when you can get a better one for much less at Lukes lobster, and if you're really in the mood for lobster spring for the mixed grill. Plus one for having no problems at all switching sides for two of our pickier eaters. 
In short, good vibe and experience and fun decor in a great location. I would suggest splitting a few of the enticing smaller plates, trying some oysters and enjoying some drinks!One word.... AMAZING!!! One of the best!!! When first going I didn't know about the happy hour, but apparently if you sit at the oyster bar during happy hour all oysters are $1!!!!!!!! I sat at a table because it was 6pm, I wanted dinner, and it was seriously 30-40min wait at the bar. If you sit at a table the happy hour oysters doesn't apply. :( 
Other than that amazing! Had lobster and oysters that were amazing. Highly recommend.This place is a Philadelphia staple.  Their happy hour specials are great (and gets rightfully packed), the quality of their seafood far surpasses probably any other place in the city that serves shellfish.
The staff was friendly and pleasant despite being heckled by anxious patrons awaiting a table, the guys behind the raw bar never stopped moving.
Our shrimp cocktail was pretty standard, the oysters were fresh and well shucked (some places leave shell and grit in the oyster, these guys know what they're doing).  Kumamotos were outstanding.
The lobster roll is absolutely obligatory if you are going to visit this place.  I know, a $26 sandwich is outrageous.  But it's worth it, there is at least a whole lobster tail worth of meat in each sandwich.  Get it.
I only wish the space was more bar and less dining room,  it can get rather cramped.  All the more reason to feign illness and leave work early to get a seat.probably the best hidden gem in downtown philly. Great food menu, their oysters are the best, their sand smelt are also good. good selection of wines, great service by Ameer one of the best shuckers I've seen around and you can't beat their buck-a-shuck happy hour deals.Horrible customers service, after we payed $200 bill at dinner time for two people, we wear treated disrespectfully and after letting the Manager know, nothing was done about it! 
Never be back againGreat seafood and desserts. We ordered oysters for apps -- so fresh and delicious. We also had the clam bake, MD crab cake, and steamed mussels. The clam bake was out of this world delicious. We also enjoyed the 40th birthday cake (funetti style). Next time I am in Philly, I am coming back.free oyster with check in at foursquare!
pricey but delicious! love the roasted oysters, the flavors r unique and appetizing... but they disappear so quickly after one slurp! it's like one slurp.. one bill walks away... another slurp.. another bill runs away... couple more ... check please! .. b4 they make me do the dishes b/c my wallet is empty :P
the order they recommend u eating in for the sampler:
Rockefeller is good~ with its spices.. n not so much cheese or unnecessary flavors.. 
toscana is my favorite b/c it has garlic :) 
the cajun style one.. - most powerful and spicy! good stuff, but one is enough.. i don't know if i can eat multiples of this haha b/c it'll kill all my taste buds in the end.
the southern fried oysters is not worth getting in my opinion... they all shrunk down to the size of a plankton on my plate! 
new england clam chowder... YUM~~~ lots of chunks, and creamy! i love itRaw oysters are excellent.  Only drawback is that they're sometimes too crowded.  But that just means other people think the same thing as me.Get There early for one of the best happy hours in the city. 
with 
$1 OYSTER
$3 SHOOTER
$3 DRAFT
$5 PUNCH
This modern seafood establishment shines as a affordable after fork pick me upBest seafood spot in the city.
Went to RW last week and had a phenomenal meal.
Sampled a couple a oysters on the half, new england clam chowder (the white), clams casino, and the calamari...  everything fresh and gimmick-free... nothing pretentious.. who needs the whole dog and pony show?  just good chit.
for the entree I went with the lobster roll, and it more than lived up to the billing... just do it... it'll blow ur hair backI've been wanting to stop in since the change from Sansom Street Oyster House (which I liked a lot). My family was in the city for the day and I wanted to take them somewhere nice for dinner. The hostess sat us, we looked at the menu--on which everything sounded wonderful--however we wouldn't know, because no one ever served us. I know we were seen by probably all of the servers there, but no one even asked us what we'd like to drink. We sat there for 25 minutes, and then decided to get up and try somewhere with decent service. By the way, the bar was moderately full, but there were only four other tables filled at the time. Probably an honest mistake, but still!LOVE the oyster happy hour here! Every week day from 5-7 there is a featured $3 beer, $5 mixed drink, a dollar oysters. Can't beat it! It gets pretty crowded though so come closer to 5pm if possible. They also have a late night version (on Saturdays I believe?) from 9-11.  The oysters are delicious. I have only gotten the lobster roll here for food and it was amazing although pretty pricey at $26.  The fries that come with it are yummy as well. My boyfriend got the burger which was good but unfortunately way too salty.AMAZING, six of us polished off 4 dozen oysters in a flash!!! The food is super super fresh, delicious, and exactly what a new england fish shack should be. Everything, including the burger, was perfection. Drinks, oysters, shrimp, lobster roll, burger, this place didn't miss a beat. Service was seamless and not overly fussy. Go and go often if you like seafood. Can't wait to go back. One of the best meals I've had in Philly, actually one of the best meals I've had, ever! Can't wait to return.Excellent spot in an excellent location. Great, great service and staff, even when busy (which is most of the time). 
Happy hour was awesome, got cheap oysters. They were awesome! Clams were not so good. Made me sick the next day. But overall clean, lively great spot!Installation is cold...unattractive.  There was constant vibration all over all the time.  When waiters walk around your table literally moves...food was ok: small portions = large prices.   Clam chowder was a challenge: we fished the tiny weeny pieces of clam...but it was tasty.  The fried platter with scallops, oysters and shrimp and fries was full of...fries!!!! I was disappointed.Came in late on a weekday, managed to get their just before they shut down the kitchen. there were still a few groups here and people continued to come and go throughout my dinner.
The oysters were clean and tasted spectacular. I got the Wellfleets - would definitely recommend, though it looks like the oyster offerings and a good part of the menu change daily, as it had the date printed on it.
Had the Butterscotch Pudding for dessert - the bartender explained it to me as 'like a creme brulee, without the brulee.' what a treat!
Having a hilariously low alcohol tolerance, I only ordered a cider with my dinner. Regardless, the bartender was very attentive and friendly.
Will have to come back w/ friends and sit at the bar for Happy Hour. Or, y'know, before they close down the kitchen so I can really explore the menu.I have eaten here many times and have enjoyed it. The lobster roll is my go to favorite and the oyster Rockefeller is good as well. I have also had the shrimp cocktail-the shrimp are large and fresh. The shrimp roll is also good as are the fried clams. Drinks are good and beer selection is decent. This is probably the best seafood restaurant in Philadelphia but that is not a particularly high bar.This is my go to happy hour and for some fresh oysters.  The place gets crowded early, but they try to seat as quick as possible.  Their lobster roll is to die for!  I finally tried their signature drink, Kelly's punch.  That was delish!  The food and service is what keeps me going back every chance I get.  Oh and when I'm craving for lobster roll.Great food and beautiful atmosphere. Sat at the raw bar and thoroughly enjoyed watching the oysters and clams being shucked. Quick and efficient service. Melt in your mouth shrimp and amazing oysters and clams hit the spot.Fresh and totally worth trying out. 
The raw dishes are my favorite! And service is spectacular. 
They have a raw sampler for ~$40-50. It can easily feed two people. It comes with all sorts of calms, oysters,  shrimps and a lobster. I always get this sampler plus a appetizer with my friend. 
Don't be discourage with the long lines. There are separate lines for the sitting in and sitting at bar. You have to sit at the bar to get the happy hour deals hence the long line you see going out the door. The wait for a table is pretty short. I never had to wait even on Friday/Saturday nights.The oysters are great. Really good. By far the best in town. But the last time we ate there the chef (who has since left apparently) literally drowned my soft shells before serving them to me. Probably a stick of butter went to waste. Hopefully the new chef is better. But just to be safe, stick with the oysters. You can't go wrong with them. Even better yet, eat at the bar. Some of the servers seem lobotomized at Oyser House. I'm not expecting Steven Starr cheeriness here but maybe a little Prozac might help?Went here for Happy hour onThursday.  Was seated at the bar and the bartender was great and super attentive.  The place was busy so get there early!Oyster shooter special for 3 and $1 oysters.  Would definitelyI had dinner here on a weekday with a friend. We had no problem getting seated immediately. There was a line of people waiting for happy hour seating standing against the wall. 
To start, we shared the roasted oyster sampler, which included three kinds of toppings. All three were very tasty, especially the one with coconut and curry flavors. I was impressed that they did not hold back on the acid, which many restaurants do. My only complaint - a big one - is that the toppings completely overpowered the oysters. I got none of that sweet juicy goodness roasted oysters are known for.
I then had a bowl of New England clam chowder and a serving of peel n' eat shrimp for my main dish. I ordered two small dishes instead of an entree because I wanted to try more items. If you are health conscious you should not get the clam chowder, as it is extremely salty. Actually, if you are health conscious at all you should probably just not get this because bacon and cream is in no universe healthy. The peel n' eat shrimp were perfect. The old bay seasoning actually enhanced the natural sweetness of the shrimp rather than masking it. I would probably order this again.
For dessert, we shared the butterscotch pudding with whipped cream. Dear friends, please get this. The texture is the perfect love child of pudding and custard. I doubt I'll try other desserts here in the future because I wouldn't pass up the chance to get the butterscotch pudding. It is that divine. 
My experience overall warrants 3.5 stars, but I rounded down because Oyster House certainly has no shortage of 4+ reviews. I'll definitely be back to try the raw oysters and plain roasted oysters.Love this place. Oysters are great, and the crabcake is phenomenal as well. Pricey, but you pay for quality.The happy hour Kelly's Punch is a sweet little concoction of gin and a splash of something pink. And at $5 a drink, it really shouldn't be that good!
If a few sips of punch aren't enough of a happy buzz, Oyster House features buttery one-dollar oysters and tasty clams. The fresh, mind-blowing quality of every bite tells me there's a huge difference between value and price.
Being poor doesn't mean being deprived in the world of fine dining. When places like Oyster House put on an amazing happy hour, there's clearly you no need to SHELL out to eat well!First time in Philly and we all decided to go here. Group of 7. I had 3 different types of oysters. I honestly don't remember which ones but they were sweet, one had a cucumber after taste that was delicious and refreshing. They didn't have sand on them, they were clean and extremely fresh. The drinks I had were good to. The group I went with only had oysters. Although we did wait a bit it was worth it. If I'm ever in Philly again I am definitely going back there. Staff was awesome too. Very patient and knew what to recommend.finally came here last week after years of failed attempts. if you love oysters (and you have the money to afford it), this place is for you! i was surprised at how fresh the oysters were, considering philly is no boston and so it's really not known for its seafood.
we ordered a half dozen each of the littleneck clams and the cape may oysters, to get a feel for the range of the raw bar offerings. if there's any single piece of advice that i can give you, it's that YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR. there's a reason a half dozen of the littleneck is so cheap -- cuz it tastes like crap! literally the worst clams i've ever had in my life. you pretty much had to douse them in cocktail sauce to get them down your throat. avoid at all costs!!
the cape may oysters, though, were deeeeeelish! so fresh and succulent. from there on out, it was like a party in my mouth. everything else we ordered was spot on and a refreshing experience for my seafood-deprived palate: shrimp cocktail, grilled octopus, and oysters toscana. if you like roasted oysters and you love garlic butter, then the toscana is right up your alley.
the atmosphere is pretty intimate. good for date night but also has a good sized bar area if you want to socialize (especially great during their awesome happy hour specials). just be ready to shell out $$$ when you come.I went to Oyster House for lunch today and enjoyed my scallops. I'd give the restaurant a 3.5 star review overall. The scallops themselves were perfectly cooked. The overall flavors of the dish didn't meld as well as they could have in my opinion. I tasted a bit too much parsley (and unfortunately, I don't like parsley) and some big bites of meyer lemon. But I enjoyed how fresh the dish was - it wasn't heavy at all. I really liked the restaurant decor, too!I love this place! 
Had a friend visiting from midwest and he wanted fresh seafood. 
The oyster was so fresh and yumm. 
I'd love love love to go back sometime soon! :DWe've been coming here for at least a year. It was one of my favorite restaurants in the city, but after a while it's lost its oomph. Especially after this "incident" really opened my eyes... 
I understand this probably never happens due to no other recent reviews mentioning something like this, but a bug literally crawled out of the crab cake (I watched it crawl out from the bottom/inside). Our waitress even tried to make an excuse that a fly flew in through the front door. It wasn't a fly. It didn't fly over from somewhere else and land on it. It didn't even have wings. Anyway, she took the plate away and had a new one made, both were free of charge, and they sent out the octopus for free as well. The person in our party whose crab cake it was doesn't even like octopus, though... The owner was also here that night and came over to apologize multiple times. He seems really great because despite being the owner, he was bringing plates and drinks to tables and actually working. I respect that. 
That being said, they still have the best BBQ Oysters, shrimp cocktail, and New England Clam Chowder ever, but I don't think I want to continue coming here for anything but small plates and drinks because the "large plates" are expensive for small portions ($26 for 5 small scallops on a bed of vegetables). 
I'm still a fan of the appetizers and Mission Taqueria upstairs, though.We were four for dinner on Saturday, August 27, 2016.  The food is very, very good; the bar offerings are find; the service is very good.  But the noise level is deafening, so much so that we had difficulty talking among ourselves.  The restaurant was full, but there weren't any loud, boisterous parties.  It looks like the place is designed to be noisy, with brick walls, large glass windows in the front, etc.  As a result, the evening was considerably less enjoyable than it should have been based on the food, bar and service.  Bottom line: we won't be back.my favorite place to have oysters. the soups are great too.I just wish the portions and prices would be better.Wow! Fun place , fresh seafood and great dark and Stormy's. The large size app was fun to get started followed some soup and more great seafood. Depending on your hunger level it can get expensive. So plan accordingly. A must try if looking for great fresh ocean meal in the cityOysters are great, but the other items of menu were too small for the price. Too loud and too many people.We ate here on our trip to Philly and enjoyed the dinner.  We had the mussels which were great.  The New England clam chowder was excellent, but the dry crackers on the table were not very tasty.My number 2 spot when I get an itch for oysters. Oyster selection and quality here is great. I loved sitting at the raw bar and watching my oysters get shucked and beautifully plated just for my immediate consumption.
So glad I decided to come here for happy hour, especially when they offer a buck a shuck. The hostesses were very nice in getting us seated as quickly as possible even though there was a bit of a crowd. To kill time, I indulged in a Kenzinger beer and ugghh, I've never had to force a beer down like that; it was way too hoppy. Never again.
Loved, loved, loved the oyster shooters and the basket of fries! Can't wait to go back for another happy hour :)If you are an oyster lover, this is the place for you. How can you beat $1/oyster happy hour? Came here with my gf after work and enjoyed 3 dozen oysters, a crab cake, and grilled octopus.  Our meal was great, cool atmosphere and very friendly staff.  We are huge sea food lovers in general and the menu is filled with fish which We have had here in the past and really enjoyed.  We look forward to coming back.I usually only come here for happy hour for their buck-a-shuck, $1 oysters and clams. A great place to go if you're craving for them. I would suggest going early as it gets crowded by 5:30. I believe you can only partake in the happy hour deals at the bar area.If I could give this place any more stars I would! I came here during a business trip after a long day. I made it just in time for their happy hour, which is a fantastic deal. I ordered the buck-a-shuck oysters (James River) and a delicious sangria drink. The waitress was super cheery and attentive. The oyster shuckers were completing a ton of orders but also made me feel welcome by having me try some other oysters (kusshi, black suck salt, Wellfleet, and mermaid cove). The last two were a bit too salty for my taste but everything was delicious!!! I'll be back :)Our favorite place in the city! We've been going here for years.
Love the selection and freshness of their oysters! They keep a good rotation of East/West coast oysters. Get the Wellfleets, Fannie Bays, and Kusshis if their available. They're New England clam chowder is delicious.
This place gets very crowded especially during reverse happy hour so come here early to get seats at the bar. This city needs more oysters bars like this.Excellent restaurant. The theme and vibe are spot on. It is jam packed all the time. The menu choices are fantastic. The only thing that prevented the 5 star rating for me was the price point. 26 bucks for a lobster roll? 26 bucks for 5 scallops? I know these items are not cheap to purchase for a restaurant, but 26 dollars is a bit of a stretch. That being said, the snapper soup was tasty as can be, and the lobster roll might have been one of the best sandwiches I have ever eaten. Delicious oysters and scallops, and you can never go wrong with a bowl of oyster crackers and fresh horseradish. Loved it!The space is beautiful and Sam Mink is a wonderful host.  It is a hard choice between the lively bar and the dining room, both are great places to enjoy the excellent food, drink and oysters.  
Philly has missed this institution, but in its rebirth, it is sure to last another thirty years and make many more people happy.  
Our server was charming and knowledgeable.  Some highlights were the oysters, turtle soup, fried clams and oysters, chowder, blue fish, lobster roll, burger.....really anything on the menu.  Be sure to order the  Strawberry rhubarb pie!The raw bar is excellent, the cooked food not so good. Trying to be something special and just missing the mark.  I would give the raw bar four stars, but the other food just dragged everything else down.  Ended up going home and making a sandwich from my leftover corned beef. Couldn't eat their cooked food.a buck a shuck for happy hour? why not!! this place is awesome. the oysters and clams are so fresh! we also had their fries, soup, shrimp cocktail.. everything was wondeful!!! the staff was extremely friendly even when it was o so crowded and busy. they don't ignore you and are really great at explaining whats on their menu.. happy hour or not, i would definitely come back.The oyster happy hour was amazing, the space is cool - busy but conducive for conversation - and friendly bartender / nice drinks.  Sorry, I can't remember more than that, but I liked it a lot.On our stay in Philadelphia, we came here a few times. The first time was just after we arrived and needed some dinner. The second time was a few days later when I saw they had $1 oysters.
The first time we came was near closing so there weren't a lot of people in there. Regardless, the place is nice and clean. We had a lobster roll and Maryland crab cake. I thought the lobster roll looked good but wasn't as good as it looked. The lobster flavor didn't come out enough and there wasn't enough butter with the roll. Could have definitely been better. I thought the crab cake was also pretty good but my girlfriend, who went to school in Baltimore, thought it was just OK.
The second time we came back was for the $1 oysters. I was a little disappointed we didn't really get to pick what variety of oysters like I've seen in other cities that serve $1 oysters. Regardless, they weren't bad. This time, we came at a more normal hour and the place was packed. The vibe was definitely good.
Service throughout it was pretty good, and the food was decent too but nothing to write home about. If I'm in Philadelphia again, I'll give them another shot and try something else because the vibe and service was good and the place is nice and clean without being too sterile.Came for the Saturday night happy hour (9-11pm on Sat, 5-7pm weekdays).  They have both clams and oysters at $1 each.  Oysters and one of their drafts for $3 each.
We showed up around 10:15 and the place was packed.  We were told it'd be about 25 min or so for a spot.  We were able to get some drinks and a couple of shooters in the meantime to keep us occupied.  We probably waited about 20 minutes or so and then got a spot right where the shuckers were preparing the oysters and clams.  Really friendly guys who really work hard during happy hour.
We LOVED the oysters and the clams.  They clams were gigantic.  And they were a buck a piece.  They give you only a little bit of cocktail sauce but you get a whole jar of fresh horseradish sauce.  It was enough to get us through our 20 or so.
DEFINITELY plan on coming back again for happy hour.  The dinner menu looked pretty good too, maybe a tad expensive.  Will update if we go for dinner.My new favorite place to get raw oysters! My boyfriend and I ventured here for happy hour after hearing that my friend's family visits this place everytime she's in time. $1 raw oysters (James River) and raw clams (Cherrystones) so mouth watering delicious! 
I decided to be adventurous and try their celery soda which tastes like celery (duh!) but is oh so refreshing. If only it weren't pouring outside this would be the perfect drink for a hot day. 
We also tried the Chihuahua Oyster Shooters which is seriously like a shot with an oyster in it. I ordered it without knowing that...anyway I'm not a fan. 
We also tried their snapper turtle soup which was okay but had way too much clove taste to it. I wouldn't order it again...
I'll definitely be back for more oysters though...yummmmay.Of all the restaurants I've been to for lobster rolls in Philly, I find that Oyster House has one of the best. The toasted butter roll goes perfectly with the lobster and side of fries. One bite, two bites....gone! The scallops are perfectly cooked and my parents love it.  It's a bit hard to decide which oyster to pick from their daily 9 choices so I find myself ordering 2 or 3  of each. Aside for the oysters, I love the cherry stone clams. I can slurp down a dozen myself. The prices are fair and the service is excellent.  I love coming here for lunch or dinner with friends/family. They are closed on Sundays.Best Best Best place for oysters ever. Their happy hour is on point, with buck a shuck oysters - although most of the other food options that I've tried have been just as delicious. It's also always extra impressive when the cocktail sauce is actually hot. 
The shuckers are PROS, and they are non-stop killin that oyster game especially during its busiest hours. 
- fries are amazing, great size and crisp
- surprisingly, their chicken salad! Also a must-try
- be sure to be prepared to wait unless your entire party is present for HH. Real estate is precious and the hosts do a good job of organizing the masses.
This establishment is a go-to for oyster cravings and that fast-paced experience.Fantastic happy hour and even better service. The entire staff is very, very knowledgeable about their product. Even when the bar was packed from happy hour the servers and managers were still calm, collected and ready to answer any questions. My boyfriend was wearing a Dogfish T-shirt and one of the managers even came over to talk about a special beer they were getting in from that brewery. 
And the oysters were fantastic! So many different styles of oysters, all with their own unique tastes, and the price is really great. I tell everyone to stop here for happy hour. When the staff is as happy and hard-working as the staff at the Oyster House is, the entire atmosphere of the restaurant lightens up. It was a genuinely fun experience and if I lived in the city I'd be there every day.
Fantastic Foursquare deal too!We had been here years ago and wanted to bring out kids. Decor had been upgraded but food was still amazing. Happy hour  - 2 dozen clams and a oyster shot! Kids enjoyed lobster, my husband the fisherman's stew. Crab cakes were too heavy on the Panko breadcrumbs and light on crab chunks. That was the only downer.I went for restaurant week, and the seafood was excellent! I ordered the raw littleneck clams, they were perfect amd fresh! From the restaurant week menu, I got the raw oysters, lobster roll, and cheesecake. The lobster roll was very good-simple and tasty, comparable to the one I had in Boston. Even the cheesecake was exquisite! The only downside was the line and noise. I needed to scream in order to be heard, but I guess thats what happens when you go during restaurant week/end of happy hour. Still want to check out their $1 shuck hh!It was a Saturday night around 8pm when we went to Oyster House in Philly.  The experience entering into the restaurant was a little odd.  The restaurant needs a hostess booth - almost like a landing area when customers enter the restaurant.  When we entered, there was no hostess in sight, so we waited patiently and looked around.  What we saw was a lot of customers with drinks but no food on the table.  Oh boy, so we thought.  The layout of the tables in the restaurant doesn't really allow for a nice cozy place to eat for dinner.
Upon inspection of the menu, we ended up ordering raw oysters (West Coast & Canadian), raw littleneck clams, and as the main entree - a clambake to share for 2.  Raw oysters and raw clams were delicious.  For the clambake, the lobster was okay.  It was not super fresh.  The mussels were good.  However, there were these clams in the clambake that were not scrubbed or washed.  It had sand in it.  Initially, when I asked the waitress if these clams were scrubbed or washed before cooking, she said yes.  Then she returned a few minutes later and said that those clams were the types of clams that did not require to be scrubbed or washed.  Odd - I wished we were warned when we ordered the clambake.
Nonetheless, the server's attitude was great.  She substituted littleneck clams in soup for us because the other types of clams in the clambake were not scrubbed or washed.
My suggestion - go for the drinks and the raw foods.  Clambake - eh.  I wouldn't order it again.On a casual summer saturday, we were looking for something tasty and light.
Stopped at the Oyster House and well...we found what we were looking for.
We indulged in freshly shucked oysters, cocktail shrimps and seafood salad....amazing!
Sitting at the bar, we were able to appreciate the care that the shuckers put in selecting the best oysters, to ensure maximum quality.
Oysters and shrimps were served first, after we enjoyed them, they served us the seafood salad, divided in 2 dishes since we mentioned that we were sharing. The little attentions that make the difference.
If you are looking for oysters, that's the place to go!!Oyster House is one of my favorite spots in the city.  This review is really only for the bar:  I have not eaten a full meal at OH yet, but hope to very soon!  
I mean, how can you really beat Oyster Happy Hour?  M-F from 5-7 they have $1 Oysters, $1 Clams, and specials on Oyster Shooters, Beer, and one of their amazing Punches.  They even do the happy hour on Saturday from 9-11.  AND I have to mention the abundance of Oyster crackers at each table... love it!  It's just perfect!
The restaurant has a wonderful atmosphere, it's big but not huge and I love the high ceilings and raw bar in the middle.  It's just the right amount of fancy to casual.  
The oysters are always delicious, never funky, and after trying the raw Cherrystone last night, I will say the same for the clams.  I'm not a big fan of the oyster shooters but the fiance loves them and will try whichever one is on special every time we go.  Last night's punch, the Gin+Orange Blossom Lemonade was fabulous and wonderfully refreshing.  
I have also tried Oyster House's famous Lobster Rolls at a street fair in the city another time, and it is delicious.  The food looks amazing, I can't wait to have a chance to go back and order a real meal.  But until then, Happy Hour it is!  Woo!The Wellfleet and Standish oysters are amazing. I had the grilled octopus it was tasty. The atmosphere is nice very close quarters but the staff is wonderful. This is our 2nd time here and it didnt disappoint us. My husband and I love it.I love the raw bar. Its the best I have ever experienced. Its great to sit there and see the shuckers at work. They also give good recommendations. For some reason the host always seems annoyed when I ask to sit at the raw bar. I have gone there when every seat at raw bar is empty and they wont even let me choose a seat.
I also have had food from regular kitchen. Its totally different in quality and taste.  Fried shrimp that comes out of kitchen could not be from the same source as shrimp cocktail. It has a very different flavor and its NOT deveined. Ew.  Stick to raw bar.Great place. Awesome local beers, oysters, and other seafood. Dump dinner is very much worth it.