Food was good. Very fresh, which is great. Space is great too. Really good decor/ambiance. Super clean. Staff is really nice. Ridiculously overpriced. $60 for 2 salads, 2 juices and an appetizer is outrageous. I get that it's fresh and healthy and organic and all that, and I love that, but waaaaaayyyyy too overpriced. It wasn't a lot of food either. If I spent $60, I want to feel like I'm eating $60! :) Yelp won't let me do 2.5 stars, so I'm doing 3.This place is adorable!!! The food looks, smells and tastes amazing (get the chocolate tart!), the owner Andrea is lovely and welcoming, and I can't wait to come here for dinner. Plus, it's vegan, gluten free, AND kosher! The only problem is, it's a block from my apartment and offers delivery... Too tempting!!!Although the desserts were amazing, no one in my party enjoyed their meal. Everything was so salty, I couldn't even finish mine. I had the sweet potato biscuit and gravy. I stopped halfway through after my third glass of water, just couldn't get through all the salt. The coffee was good, but the service was incredibly slow. I would go back to eat the dessert but that would be it.Everything looks delicious! The location is great- close to a beautiful park and lots of shopping. I had the turmeric ginger tea with their homemade Brazil milk (highly recommend) and the Burmese Chickpea salad. Adorable ambiance for events, too!This place is awesome! Especially for those with dietary restrictions or who chose to live a paleo/vegan/etc lifestyle. Be prepared to pay more than your average cafe but consider how much the grocery bill at an organic grocer would be if you bought all of these ingredients on your own.....pretty sure there's a whole pineapple that goes into one cold pressed juice. Those aren't cheap- I think the prices are fair and you get a high quality, conveniently prepared, delicious item for the price. Pad Thai and beet salad are my favorite lunch items and the baked goods are pretty darn perfect. 
P.S. & Co is a gem and I wish them great success so more locations start popping up in other neighborhoods!Fresh, inventive but highly overpriced. We stopped in for some vegan friendly items but left feeling disappointed. The fresh juice was bitter, the fresh homemade sweetners and milk did not balance out the coffee even with a heavy serving and the cookies were blah. I was super excited at the idea but it needs a bit more balance of flavor and sweetness when you are selling the idea of health sweets.I made my way to PS&Co last night to the utmost urging of my friend's visiting friend. As a vegetarian, I am very pleasantly surprised by the roster of veggie places in this place (philly), they just keep crawling out of the woodwork. 
After crushing a margarita pitcher and hummus with chips at Wrap Shack, we made our way through the frigid air to P S & Co. What does that shit even mean anyway? 
This place wasn't exactly lit on a Thursday evening at around 7pm, with about one or two other tables occupied. We were given plenty of attention. It's a cute and casual sit down place. 
As per usual, I was down for ordering anything and everything. By everything, I literally mean every-single-thing. Thankfully I was accompanied by real adults who ordered a reasonable quantity of food. Despite our eyeing of the nachos (and everything else actually), we settled on the cheese board, ramen bowl, tempeh "bacon" burger, and the salt baked cauliflower & meatball pizza.
Let's start with the cheese plate. I can finally relate to how it must feel when normal people eat vegetarian-ized meat. I was not clear whether this place was actually vegan vs vegetarian and for some reason was under the assumption this was actual cheese. The plate itself is gorgeous and generously loaded with 4 types of cheese, crispy kale, honey mustard, spicy mustard, and pesto dipping sauces, apple slices, a hard bread type-thing and carrot sticks. Now onto the shit you're actually interested in: the cheese. I was not expecting the waitress to say "walnut cheese", (and then I forget the other kinds of cheese actually but all vegan). One soft with peppers and other spicy shit and 3 harder ones. They were alright but definitely not as good as actual cheese. The sauces were delicious, especially that pesto shit. Needless to say we ate the shit out of it anyway.
Second to arrive was the pizza. Crust was interesting, definitely not the type of crust I'm used to. This was one of the better offerings of the meal. The meatballs were tasty and I enjoyed the combo of flavors. Definitely not as good as regular pizza with a regular crust. Not unlike the rest of my life, perhaps my expectations are too high.
Shortly after the pizza, the tempeh burger made its way to our table. This was the ticket. Bun was soft. Tempeh was deliciously seasoned. Boyguh was escorted with crisp and thin sweet potato fries that could have been seasoned better and could have been more of themselves. I kept eyeing that last quarter on the plate and then kept counting the people at our table repeatedly disappointed that the math just didn't add up for me to have another wedge. 
Finally the ramen decided to show up. Tons of broth with some brown noodles swimming with a large hunk of bok choy. Unfortunately (because it was relatively closer to me than some of the other things and therefore easier to access) this was just not good. Pretty flavorless but the flavors that were present weren't particularly tasty. This was a waste of space both on our table, on the bill, and most importantly, in my fucking stomach. 
This place was good and seemed fresh and healthy. The service was great. I, however, feel there are better vegetarian places to try in Philly.This is my ideal place.  Really beautiful place to hang out.  All of the food is gluten free and vegan.  The people working there are incredibly patient and friendly.  I got two salads and a Summer Roll and it was all delicious.  I hope to be a repeat customer.  Very happy that things like this are coming to Philly!My must stop every time I'm in the city!  I can't resist almost everything on the brunch menu.  My favorite item is the breakfast nachos with tofu scramble.  I'm always sure to leave with a bag full of baked goodies that even the non vegans love!!
I tried the bikini burger today and it was so unique and delicious!  
The customer service has always been consistently excellent.  The owner is usually there.  She's very personable and friendly.  Always a pleasure!  
I'll be back soon!Why does this place not have 5 stars? Yes its pricey. Get over it. You get far more than what you actually pay for. With a relatively large location in Rittenhouse Square you can tell that P.S & Co. is really trying to charge you as little as they possibly can while still trying to pay the rent. In doing so, they are providing Philadelphia residents with outstanding product and I didnt even mention the service yet. 
Upon my walking in I was greeted by 2 super friendly pleasent positive counter staff I really wish i could remember their names because I must say I have never been to a place with a friendlier waitstaff..and I've been to loads of places around the world in my time here on this planet. If you appreciate great quality, warm welcoming vibes, wonderfully sourced and executed food this is your place. I wish there were more places in the USA like P.S & Co. I no longer live in Philly but if I did I would make a special trip to come here. 
I had the ramen noodles and super green tea. Excellence from point of entry to point of departure.  Keep up the good work.Beautiful interior and superb service. The food was excellent in my book. I ordered the avocado toast. The bread was gluten free and so thick. We also ordered a stack of the chocolate chip pancakes. So fluffyCakes and pies are absolutely amazing!!! I have also eaten their vegan sushi and salads, which tasty, but they cannot compare to the delicious desserts! The environment is very calming, and the restaurant is very clean. The location is close to a Rittenhouse Square, but there needs to be much better signage displayed. I recommend this place to those who want to eat deliciously without preservatives, sugar, wheat and dairy. Thank heavens for this place!Visiting from out of town and I do have to say this place was so adorable! I love everything about it from the friendly employees to the delicious drinks. Totally worth the visit and will visit again next time I'm in philly.What a great concept - wonderful execution - great ambiance - and great service
Had absolutely wonderful unique food here -
- purple soba noodles and tofu soup
- kale salad  .... heated in a pan (and not just stuffed into a microwave - "microwaves kill nutrients customers pay the extra for" - owner)
- amaranth porridge as dessert (or breakfast?) or a baked goodie substitute?)
cold pressed juices...fine selection
Ambiance, service and quality make up for any qualms about prices, but I realize high quality organic fairtrade ingredients aren't cheap.
Will go back when in Philly again - in the meantime - highly recommendedSo went to the restaurant for the first time tonight. While I was excited to try an all organic restaurant I left with a really awkward feeling.  The food was tasty, but I feel like the portion sizes compared with the cost was a bit ridiculous.  If that was everything I would say the experience was 4 out of 5 stars.  The thing that made me feel uncomfortable was when we placed our order I believe our server forgot one of our apps...Not a big deal especially After we asked her about it, she brought it out.  (btw for what it's worth my date and I work in the industry).  When the bill arrived the app that was forgotten was comped off of the bill.  We said that was a nice gesture, but the server then came over to run the credit card and she then says the comp was mistakenly put on the bill and if it's cool with us she will put the app back on the bill.  Very awkward feeling for us, and unfortunately I don't think we'll be going back.  Wish you luck, but you may want to go over protocol with your servers.I would be a regular if this place had cheaper pricing. Decor is nice and love the big open window in the front.Best coffee in Philadelphia hands down! Had breakfast here while visiting Philly and the place had a really cool vibe. I wish I could say more about the food but I was so blown away but how good the coffee was that I can't remember much about the food. I think it's the home made nut milk that made the coffee so creamy and amazing. The coffee alone and the warm vibe of the place is totally worth the visit.This place would be better described as $$$$ of blended fruit. 
This is the story of my journey here: I have a friend, and acai bowls are our thing. So we came by via a Yelp search on a Thursday evening because we didn't have a lot of other options in Philly for obtaining an acai bowl. The ambience is A+ but there's not a lot of wiggle room for glowing reviews when you pay $20 (including tip + tax) for a small bowl of blended smoothie with a smidgen of fruit topped on it. Just to give more perspective, I also noticed that the price of one tiny square piece of tiramisu cake in their display cases were close to $10. 
The server was nice but she didn't elaborate on the "seasonal fruit" as toppings in the menu, and just brought out mangoes in my acai bowl. I had to ask them to switch it out because I don't eat mangoes, and she replaced them with strawberries. But the whole process made me wonder why they don't just check in about allergies or ask the customers which seasonal fruit they want from the ones that they have available, in order to save trouble on both ends. 
It's okay when you're in a dire search for acai bowls but money doesn't grow on trees so give thought to your wallet before you walk in here.This place has a great vibe to it and I have ended up just walking in to have a smoothie or dessert. Everything is organic and healthy made with no sugar or dairy. I love their shakes and smoothies however the prices are very steep with a shake for $12. Good for an occasional healthy snack.My boyfriend and I missed our bus to NY so we decided to stop in for some breakfast. Not much options for breakfast but lunch menu looked so good. Wish we would have stuck around. My boyfriend got the waffle and I got the avocado toast. Small portions for a steep price. Very delicious though. Friendly service, great atmosphere/ambiance.Came here for the first time just to get a bottle of water, of which of course they didn't have, aside from their 'rejuvenated water' for $5. So I bought it and it was (sorry to say) disgusting.Delicious food, a little pricey but understandably so since the ingredients are all organic and sourced very carefully. The owner is a sweetheart, I've had chance to meet her and she's super sweet and down to earth.Pet/dog friendly. Organic sandwich and green juice for $18 for lunch. 
Located walking distance to the Rittenhouse square park.I'll start by saying this place is almost a daily weekday stop for me on my way to work. It is so nice to see a place like this open up that has super healthy choices and specialty food for those of us who don't fancy bacon at every meal. Although the prices are a bit high, the food is prepared well and features some unconventional ingredients, so I am not surprised. Combine that with the Rittenhouse location and the prices seem pretty much on point. 
I've tried a tonic, some salads, the summer roll, the coconut porridge, and a macaroon. I can say each one of the items I have tried was very good. The coconut porridge is my go-to. It's filling because of the chia seeds and the muesli. I prefer the fruit on top, but they don't always have it. The one criticism I have however is the consistency is not quite there. I've taken that delicious cup of coconut porridge to my office many times and here and there there is a bitter taste (I think from probiotics? Not sure) or it's quite runny. REGARDLESS, it's delicious so I don't care much and keep going back for more. 
The decor is lovely and the staff is always so friendly. Even in the face of complaining over-entitled Rittenhouse residents (witnessed this a few times and each time the Staff was soooo much nicer than I would have been able to be!) 
I hope this place lasts. It's a move in the right direction for the city. Fresh, local, organic, unconventional, healthy food that is quick and easy.PS&Co is a Vegan's dream. I love having so many options! The food here is absolutely delicious (and if you want a treat, the peppermint patty is amazing!) 
The only reason I am giving this place 4 stars out of 5 is because it is quite expensive. Sadly, I can only afford to go here once every few weeks to "treat myself" to a nice lunch during the work week. Wish it was more within my budget, as all their food and smoothies are amazing.Looking for a smoothie bowl (pre-workout) brunch around Rittenhouse and I decided to try this place.
The place is nice and clean. I was seated in the back room. Wish there are more sun light / windows.
Now let's talk about the food.
I ordered protein packed smoothie bowl and porridge. 
The porridge is bland. Even with pineapple purée I expect a little bit of sweetness but it's really bland. I could barely taste the pineapple. The only thing that make it edible is the caramelized pecan.
The smoothie bowl taste just like another smoothie, with banana and nuts. Nothing special about it.
Since they called this Protein Packed smoothie, I asked how many grams of protein in this bowl, they have no idea. 
No calorie or nutritional information on the menu either. So I'm not sure if it's really protein packed, or if the protein is higher than the carbs, or just a marketing hype.
When I left this place I feel like I'd rather eat a cup of fruit salad and drink a scoop of protein shake. At least I can estimate the amount of carbs and protein that I take. And much cheaper.
I'm glad I tried but I don't think I'd return to this place.Just had a pretty unfortunate customer service experience at P S & co. It was incredibly crowded but I managed to grab a seat by a large front table to eat my snack that I purchased at the counter. Shortly after my first few bites the manager told me that where I was sitting was table service only ( even tho I asked the person when I checked out if I could sit there) and said I had to get up. She handed me a plate and said I should sit in the shoulder to shoulder waiting area and eat....off of my lap. It was very rude and unappetizing to eat in front of hungry customers so I left immediately! Last time I'll be a patron for sure.Shocked they are in business when they seem so incompetent.  They gave us a gift card when we walked out after an hour and a half, having received just half the drink order and no food.  Why bother going back?  It was a shame to make a reservation for Mother's Day brunch just to walk out hungry.Wow this place caters to every dietary restriction that exists. Dan is the absolute coolest and will help you in any way possible, above & beyond! Kinda pricey but the ingredients are so worth it and the ambience is chill and cute and clean. Def going back soon to try the kale pizza!Great food and helpful staff. Vegan by choice and gluten allergy not by choice so this is the perfect olace for me. Highly recommend!I really, really want to like this cafe. I appreciate that they are vegan and certified kosher. The location is also very convenient for me. I've been here three times over the past few months. Most recently, I had a really spectacular muesli bar. A flatbread pizza also had a lot of potential.  (I say potential because although I asked for it to be heated, it was still cold in the center when the server brought it to me.)  
My biggest complaint is the price. I realize that I am paying a surcharge for organic and gluten-free (and perhaps even the kosher certification), but the muesli bar was nearly $7 after tax. It was no bigger than your average granola bar. The relatively small slice of pizza was over $9 after tax. A slice of cake is $9 before tax. Even though I had only been looking for a snack on both trips, I still left hungry. I purchased other food elsewhere to fill me up. It's just too expensive for the amount of food you get.This place is all vegan which is cool and has a beautiful outdoor area but the prices were insane for something so basic. My friend and I got salads for $13 each and they were good but just overpriced. I'm giving 4 stars for the fact that it's all vegan and the seating is adorable.Not super impressive. I got the waffle chicken and it was cold and burnt somehow, but the fruit salad (just chopped up apples and pineapple) on the side, was nice. I wonder if I would have had a better experience had I gotten something else to try because I was really excited and the reviews I saw before coming were great! Maybe my meal just wasn't the best but the portion was also super small for the price.The second vegan cafe/coffee shop in Philadelphia (after Grindcore House), this place is located conveniently in Rittenhouse Square. Well appointed glass/wood/plants decor. The iced coffee is as good as it gets (stong. cold brew?) and snacks are all vegan and nearly all raw. Love the little raw-ish wraps for around $6. The back area is nice and empty and a good place to escape the hustle and bustle of the city. My only gripe would be that the music selections are typically a little on the cheesy side (a la supermarket top 40, lots of sad songs.) But better than metal when you're trying to unwind.I really wanted to love this place and it took me months to finally step in here, unfortunately I wasn't blown away. The ambiance is nice and small which gives a sense of intimacy however, immediately it felt stuffy. The staff didn't say hello or smile which was pretty annoying and made me feel totally unwelcome. Especially, because I am gluten - free and really wanted the full experience. The pad Thai salad was decent kind of dry and definitely not worth $13 & the watermelon mint eater certainly wasn't worth almost $10. Believe me, I absolutely love delicious and healthy foods but to me there are plenty of other places in the city where I would rather spend $23 for lunch. I didn't try any of their sweets which I would like to at some point but I definitely wouldn't rush back.This place is unbelievably good. We popped in yesterday for an early morning snack and had the nachos with tofu scramble. So good! Then today we went for brunch and had the burrito, tacos and chocolate chip pancakes. The tacos and burrito had tofu scramble in them with a cheddar type of cheese - OMG! Both were amazing with lots of flavor. The chocolate chip pancakes were good too. I'm not a pancake person, but wanted to taste them. 
When we were done we went to the counter for some to go's and got the focaccia pizza, brownies and cookies. Before we even left the store we tried the pizza and brownie. The brownie was hands down one of the best I've ever had and the pizza was just as I had hoped it would taste. 
I hope more people try this place because it is super cute and the food is so good, but some may be turned off by the prices.The food here is fine as well as customer service.  It is just overpriced for selling vegan/organic foods.  I've had better experiences at other stores with same or better food quality without overpaying.  There is also not that much variety. I am not vegan, but I hear that promoting healthier and more sustainable eating is their thing, this business model of overpricing doesn't really add up. 
However, on food and the space
The seating space is very pretty and cozy, there is cute garden seating in the back.
The fresh coconuts are delicious, they are Asian coconuts, so a little different. 
A good place for a treat.Stopped in today for the first time looking for something new. What a find! Had the spring rolls which were absolutely fantastic. Loved the selection and the place is adorable. Can't wait to go back tomorrow, and the day after that, and the day after that...The service here was excellent! The cook kept the restaurant open just for the two of us, and carefully prepared our meals to our taste. The food was really good, although a little pricy.Great food, juice and smoothie selections! A little pricey but you get what you pay for. We got a juice, almond Elvis and flatbread pizza. All three were very tasty with unique flavors! Beware no wifi!!!!Outstanding!!   Was in town for the marathon and my fellow vegan friend and I found this place on her vegan app.
Very nice place. Good food. Great culture.  More of a cafe feel than a full service type feel but outstanding still!
We had the French bread pizza and Mac and Cheese, all vegan.   Modest portions with high quality flavors.
I recommend!Was fortunate enough to find this spot while looking for a cafe to have brunch on a Saturday afternoon.  Loved the cozy and casual ambiance and the friendly staff.  I had the waffle made out of oats and quinoa which was a good, light, and healthy breakfast option and my friend had the breakfast tacos which she said were delicious.  Coffee was also really good with the vegan cream and sweetener.The food here is delicious and the staff was super friendly and very knowledgeable about the ingredients used in what was featured on the menu!!! My favorite was the kale+pesto pizza (vegan, gluten-free, soy-free, and organic) and the brownie (vegan, gluten-free, soy-free, organic and made with coconut sugar!). 3 months ago I had a food sensitivity test done and found out I had a wheat, dairy, soy, and cane sugar sensitivity. As a vegetarian, I knew that removing all these foods was going to be difficult but I was so happy to come upon this restaurant/cafe which had dishes that met my dietary constraints. It was the first-time I had a gluten-free and dairy-free pizza that didn't make me want to gag! The kale+pesto pizza was amazing! The crust had flavor, the miso-cheese wasn't a liquid drizzle as I had seen on other vegan pizza's from other places and it was soy-free and organic as well! The brownie was perfect and I'm excited to try the other desserts that were featured as well. So happy that Philly keeps growing with forward-thinking restaurants and I love that this place is ahead of the curve with using organic ingredients and up to the challenge of creating delicious meals without soy and wheat-gluten!!!I came here for a lunch date with some girlfriends after hearing great reviews about the interior space. Walking into the store, it truly is beautiful, like a mixture between an old apothecary and garden store/greenhouse. Absolutely gorgeous. LOVE! 
The front space is narrow with seating placed in front of the service counter. Traveling into the back, there is a larger room filled with additional tables, a gorgeous light-filled window and a table that seems to be utilized for cooking classes. It seems to have a small garden space as well, but I cannot vouch for that area as it was too cold out.
While the menu is carefully put together and the ingredients are chosen with care, the flavor and price just do not match up. I got a kale salad that came with a heavy sunflower "caesar" along with crunchy garbanzos and shiitake "bacon." It was okay, however, the kale was the curly variety and so either thinly slicing it or using lacinato would have made it less "toothsome." The shiitakes were good, albeit, not very smokey, and chickpeas were standard. For $12.50, plain kale, a dressing, and handful of beans is not something I think I would get again, as there are far too many options in Center City for better tasting/cheaper salads (albeit not organic.) I also got a $7 "bowl" of chickpea miso soup, which came in a shallow dish and was literally a some dulse floating in an ehh-tasting broth. Not very "miso-y" nor anywhere worth the price, but perhaps the daily special  would have been a better & heftier option.
Overall, the space is beautiful, staff is friendly, but the prices are something that won't make this a place I frequent. I understand their location, rent, and the quality of ingredients they use are a big proponent to pricing, but their food just didn't live up to the cost.I may be biased because I'm from a very vegan friendly city, but while the food was quite good I was disappointed by the prices and some of the offerings. 
Soy is an issue for lots of people, and only having tofu for savory brunch options can be limiting for guests. I am someone who cannot have gluten, dairy, or soy, and I struggled to find anything on the brunch menu that sounded like it would accommodate my desires and my needs. I love a good smoothie with my savory breakfast!
That being said, the smoothies we had were really great. I appreciate how much effort this place goes to make their food from scratch. The flavors were rich and the food filling. I did find the prices to be a bit high, bit given this is one of the few restaurants of its kind I can understand why that would be. 
I would maybe come here again for lunch. It looks like they have lots of salads/soups that would meet my needs!Came here for breakfast nachos because of a previous comment on here but they only have it on weekends. So I got a basil pesto caprese sandwich instead, soooooooooo goood. Definitely coming back tomorrow, for those nachos lolThis place is amazing! The food is impressive the service is helpful and friendly. I got the pancakes... I'll be back tomorrow.Very expensive but the quality is amazing. The banana bread and the peanut brittle are my two favorites. Tasted the garbanzo bean chili was quite tasty. I tried the peanut butter and chocolate tart it was very intense and not very sweet but yet very intense,  little bit of a learning curve on it but I would order it again, it was what a tart  should be without all the add sugar.
 Not for the economically challenged you are paying for a high-quality food and they're paying a higher rent in Rittenhouse Square.
Tried the tea the Earl Grey I really liked it strong but not too strong . A must for foodies that are extremely  particular about the cleanliness of their food and the purity of ingredients.
I also have a section with jams and spices rices. There are meals to take home and vegetable drinks.
Hold it.... The Elvis torte is just plain darn addicting and to be handled with upmost care and a small spoon ... Keeps the food orgasium going!Very expensive, and tasty healthy food.  azuki bean brownie was unique, not to sweet, and delicious!  Cute spot for a brief respite from any center city bustle!Kinda expensive but it's so good I keep coming back even though I prolly shouldn't be paying $12 for a smoothie love their coffee too I get it with Brazilian tree nut milk and coconut sugar and it bombb would def recommend just pricy but kinda worth it since everything's organic freshly madeI want to love this place, but we just can't seem to get along. I recently stopped in and asked if they had kombucha; no one who worked there had any idea what I was talking about, so I settled for juice. It seems the place is eco-conscious (the vegan food, their advertisement of wind power, etc.) but they were quick to pour my juice into a plastic Solo cup (not to mention spilling my juice while doing so, and having to run to the fridge to know the name of the product so I could be rung up) even after I offered to return the glass bottle when I was through with it. I'm more than happy to pay $11 for a healthy 12oz (?) juice, but it actually wasn't enjoyable at all. The beet was completely overpowered by an excess of lemon and ginger to the point of being quite bitter and harsh. To top things off, when you use a card at the register, the tip amount is cleverly arranged so that it starts with 30% on the left, then 25%, and 20% on the right - anyone else think that's subtly manipulative? Somehow I managed to walk away feeling cheap for *only* leaving 20% tip despite clumsy, unknowledgeable service, and in the end spent almost $14 for a juice that doesn't even taste good.Checked in and checked out.
Rang up my $7.50 coconut yogurt to discover they don't have WiFi because they're "in a dead zone." 
P.S. & Co. is located at 17th and Locust in Center City, Philadelphia. 
The cashier gladly refunded me and I went on my way. Note: she still offered the free macaroon check-in offer, which was very nice. 
I was happy to pay the high price for a snack if that meant I could camp out for an hour or so and get some work done. No go at P.S. & Co.Saw this place while walking in the neighborhood with a friend and went for lunch the next day. Five stars just for the interior and setting of the place. It is absolutely gorgeous, with wooden chairs, vintage style furniture and little flower/plant decorations everywhere. Even their bathroom is adorable. The servers were all super nice. I had their summer roll and macaroons for dessert. Both were light and flavorful-just the right portion, although it is a bit on the pricey side. Would definitely drop by again to try more things on the menu.Amazing pressed juice and very tasty coconut yogurt, but quite overpriced. I paid $46 for coconut yogurt, a muesli bar, pour over, a pressed juice and a kale salad. For $13 the kale salad had very little toppings and the kale didn't seem massaged as advertised. There just wasn't a lot there for a $13 salad. Very little tofu or kraut. I would recommend the coconut yogurt in terms of flavor, but this place is quite expensive for the portion size. The salad didn't blow my mind for the $13 price tag and minimal toppings. It was just OK.I was in Philly today and needed caffeine an perhaps a snack/lunch to take on Amtrak back to New York. 
I've been wanting to try this establishment for a while so I stopped it... upon entering I was greeted immediately by the cashier. First I ordered coffee in my own mug...... my total was $5 dollars for drip coffee with "housemade Brazil nut milk".This place is PERFECT!!!!!! Let's discuss why. 
First off when you walk in you are immediately taken by the adorable atmosphere.  This shop was designed by someone with an extremely high taste level.  Notice the light fixtures and containers when you go in. It's spacious, airy, comfortable, and yet very cool! 
Now the menu is great - they have tremendous HEALTHY breakfast options and I can't wait to stop by in the AM on my way to work to get something awesome! I had the chia pudding with fruit and a reanimator coffee w Brazil nut milk.  They also have quiche, cookies, porridge, huge beautiful looking salads, lunch dishes that were so fresh and colorful and pretty much everything is organic and 100% gluten free - this is not how I typically eat but is always how I want to eat!  This place will make it so easy for me to step up my healthy game.  What really got me was the availability of freshly pre made  food, so you can eat in with so much seating and space or in my case - grab and go when you're on the move. This spot is perfect for anyone looking to enjoy high quality food in an extremely convenient way!
Plus it's delish! The food was awesome! You can tell they care about their ingredients and presentation and the environment! All their packaging is compost able and the staff is very friendly and very informed.
Now to seal the deal - this is *officially* the only place in Philly to do all organic cold press juices.  Finally - Philly caught up with like the rest of the juicing world - organic is the absolute ONLY proper way to juice and I am now going to be able to put my juicer away and buy from PS! 
So thrilled with this new vegan, gluten free, healthy, organic, perfect addition to center city / rittenhouse.  I'm so thankful yelp / twitter celeb Laura Jill S. Brought me here! She knows all the hot spots!I came here with my fiance while we were vacationing in Philly. The staff member was happy to answer any questions we had about ingredients in menu items.  I had the mac&cheese heated up. It didn't really taste like mac&cheese, it tasted more like mac in a really good cream sauce and was very satisfying. I just wish the portion was larger. My fiance got the mohinga soup. I had some of it. It was very flavorful and savory without being spicy. The rice noodles worked with the broth perfectly. I can only imagine how much more satisfying it'd be to have for breakfast on a cold winter morning. The only downsides are that they're kind of pricey for their portion sizes, and that they aren't in NYC. Actually I changed my mind, if they were in NYC I'd probably blow more money than I should on P.S. & Co.  I'd love to go back.Good coffee. I will sample more of what they have to offer since I feel places like this are important to the city and offer an alternative to fast food. But they kinda need to lose the militant vegan attitude. That was a turn off. I don't care if you a vegan cafe. All I want is good coffee that rocks. 
Please consider something other than your Brazil "creamer." I understand good food comes at a premium, but I found the whole Brazil thing pretentious.I wanted to give PS & Co five stars.
For months I've been admiring the shops Instagram account and drooling over the beautiful dishes they create, and the thoughtful and clean ingredients they use. 
My rating is based on a combination of factors. 
The pros:
The space while not large, is lovely. In another incarnation it would make a lovely coffee or tea shop filled with cozy banquets allowing people to languish over books and laze about sipping a beverage and chatting with friends.
This space isn't quite as warm and cozy as is.
But lovely. 
The food is thoughtful. You can tell the person creating each dish put love jnto it. 
It's healthy stuff. Nothing you get here is unhealthy. 
The cons:
I felt unwelcome. 
There is something to be said for a smile when you walk into an store. I've said it in other reviews- but not getting better a warm greeting when walking into a shop makes a huge difference. I will immediately become disenchanted if my experience in a shop made me feel rushed, unappreciated (hey small businesses- where's the love?) and feel like the staff wants to roll their eyes at me.
Just smile dude.
I didn't feel like premade juices should cost what they're charging. 
It seems wasteful. Also, what if people don't want the combinations that have been stocked?
The fridge in the back where the juices are kept don't have great lighting, and seeing all the juices with the settled pulp is unappealing. 
My spring roll was tasty, and wasn't overpriced- but alas, I can make it better for the cost of the one that I bought.
This isn't a bad place to check out. Definitely great for those who have dietary restrictions.Bit pricey I ordered 3 almond butter blueberry muffins, a pop tart which was $10, lemon chia loaf and a smoothie. Total came out to about $40 bucks. Only received 2 of the muffins I paid for. Called the establishment once I got back in my hotel to notify them, but no one answered. Had to leave a message and no one got back in contact with me. Was hoping I could just grab one the next morning before I left back home to DC. Unfortunately that didn't happen and I have yet to be contacted. My loss. The smoothie wasn't very flavorful, it might have needed a couple more pieces of fruit. The muffins had nuts in it but didn't display nuts, so i gave some to my 12 month old and had to immediately take it out while I realized it had tiny pieces of nuts in it. The chia lemon loaf was my favorite. Very flavorful. Wish I would have got another one as they are small. Pop tart was cool too but not worth $10. It is slightly larger than a regular pop tart.Great place for anyone with food allergies or vegan/vegetarian. Everything is made in house gluten free and organic. The brazil nut milk or coconut milk served with coffee is housemate and unique. The best are the cakes with coconut cream icing or the cookie sandwiches in the summer. Their main menu consists of salads, pizza and a beet and black bean burger. My favorite is the burmese chickpea salad.As someone who loves her meat, dairy, gluten, caffeine, and alcohol, the news that I had to go on a three-week detox diet was saddening to say the least.  I ended up cooking at home mostly, but my sister treated me to lunch at PS&Co when we were in Philly and it hit the spot! 
I had the grilled cheese sandwich with tomato soup, she had the avocado toast, and we spilt the brownie.  The grilled cheese did not taste like cheese per se, but it was tasty and filling and worked with my food restrictions.  I didn't try the avocado toast because my sister ate it all! But she said it was good.  The brownie was chewy and chocolatey, so I recommend having any one of their delicious-looking desserts.
The final star is for our server, Dan.  Dan was SUPER helpful with everything from start to finish! 
If you are in Philly, check this place out. If you are not in Philly, plan a weekend trip to visit and check this place out hahah :)Visiting my brother in Law for his graduation and we needed something healthy so turned to yelp. I called and made my order. Evan aka Kev was phenomenal. He was as patient as can be (I asked him a lot of questions for my diet). He even put me on a quick hold (asked me first) to get a second opinion on which menu item was healthier that I was deciding from. The food was great, but it's the people like this who make your day. Wouldn't be surprised if this guy was the owner. Carried himself that way. Thank you!Healthy food, juices and smoothies. Great atmosphere too. The burrito is great if you're looking for something fillingDelicious food, awesome atmosphere, very cool place.  I love and will definitely come back!Just came in to pick up some sweets and I wasn't disappointed!  I picked up the strawberry shortcake and it was amazing!  Dense cake with sweet strawberries - just a wonderful dessert !Delicious, fresh, cold-pressed, organic juice and, from the looks of the menu, more! I was spoiled for choice, and I can't wait to go back and try an array of different juice offerings.
They keep the generously sized glass bottles well-organized from pure vegetable juice to pure fruit juice, with every combination of concentration in between. The helpful man on duty helped me make up mind, and his advice was sound! My beet, ginger, lemon, etc., juice had just the right balance of sweetness and zing without overdoing it. An impressive and very palatable feat. 
As a bonus, you can pony up to keep your juice in the luxe glass bottle, or save a few dollars by switching to a to-go cup. I loved the bottle, so it's definitely worth it for the first time at least. 
If you're looking for a delicious juice or smoothie option, I wholeheartedly standby P.S. & Co's offerings!Been vegan for about 4 years now, trending towards raw and have been coming to PS & Co. for about it the last two years, at least once a month. PS & Co. is the only place in Center City where you can find a variety of vegan food spanning from raw, juices, house made nut milk, to some soy based meat replacements, delicious baked and raw sweets, and awesome to-go options. The staff here is really lovely and willing to accommodate additions or omissions when they can - special shout out to Rachel who was so cool today & Natasha, definitely go on a Sunday afternoon to meet her. 
Today we had a smoothie bowl with acai, coconut yogurt, pumpkin seeds, raw young coconut meat (from a Thai coconut they cracked in-house), bananas, and nut butter. It was divine. They had fresh, house made coconut milk so I got that mixed with cold brew along with a green juice. My partner ordered the coconut milk straight up- super delicious. Truly, everything here is top notch and the best part is the way it makes you feel-- not heavy or sluggish, but energized! Thanks guys.WOW! I never thought vegan food could be made to taste so good. Haha! Also the environment and decor was so cute and earthy (literally because of all the plants/wood/and earth tone colors). I ordered the Pad Thai and although I'm used to eating it with meat, the cafe was able to make the meatless version of this phenomenal! I loved it! I really want to try the coffee here sometime. But until then!What a great spot!  The counter help was nice enough to blend a custom juice.  Juice was great I only wish they were fresh pressed - but they still get 5 stars :) Nice design, decor, people and excellent menu options. Plenty of seating.  
I would agree on the pricing being on the high end (over $20 for a juice and a salad to go-plus the auto tip request pop up is sort of awkward at the counter).  BUT they still get 5stars because I would have given them more if I could!Expensive healthy grub but completely worth it. We went back 2/2 days on a recent trip to Phili.Amazing #glutenfree #vegan  food in downtown #Philly  
#coldpress juice, Kale salads, & amazing dessertsFood was good but very expensive . Got a small beet burger on sweet potato roll for $9 and that's all it was....no lil side salad...no nothin. Latte also good $5. The real killer was the Tiramisu for $10. It was about 3" x 2 ". good flavor but nothing to rave about.  Unless  you make  Rittenhouse $ and don't care how you spend it  go elsewhere.  Also server was awkward.When I walked in there was like no customers and staffs were chatting over the counter. They had this snobby arrogant attitude which Was so annoying. The juice here is obviously overpriced - almost $15 for a bottle of juice and you don't get to keep the glass bottle. Any organic cold-pressed juice on the market is like under 10 and taste way better than this place. Plus the place and that glass bottle was so dirty that I can see the stains on the bottle.I was in town for a conference and stumbled across this place with some of my friends. It was Saturday night, and we didn't have dinner reservations anywhere. The staff at PS&Co accommodated us anyway. This menu is a delight! There were 4 of us in my party - two vegans and one person who cannot have any gluten. The menu is 100% organic, vegan, and gluten-free. Talk about liberating! We ordered the Imperial Rolls, which are amazing! You know the food is good when a hush descends as people start tasting it. The Veracruz tacos are a nice mix of sweet and spicy. The cauliflower and mushroom meatball pizza was interesting, but don't expect something that seems like pizza. One appetizer, two entrees, one side, and four desserts came to $106. My friends and I didn't think it was too expensive because of the variety of choices on the menu, the great atmosphere and location, and the outstanding service. We had the best time, and I will go back when I'm in Philadelphia again.Grilled Cheese with tomato soup, Caesar salad, tiramisu...I'm ready to move to Philly for this place.  I'm a NY'er and wish there was a Gluten Free and Vegan joint even half as amazingly amazing as PS&CO. A MUST stop for anyone with taste buds.Honestly, the thing I dislike about P S & Co, the one thing I have to complain about is the price! Food is good, service is good, they have an eat-in or take-out option, but I don't come in often because it is so expensive! 
On my most recent trip I ran in quickly to get something for lunch... to get just a SALAD (no drink, nothing else) puts you at close to $15 (for not a very big one either!). I went with their ramen/soup option, which again tasted good, but the portion was so small! I get that everything being organic, vegan, and "free" of everything puts it in the more pricey range, but I just can't justify coming in here often.Cafe with a options, not many, but enough to find something that you like. Smoothies are fresh. The juices are a bit expensive though. Overall, great spot. Ambiance is good.The food is delicious but over priced. The items are much smaller than expected, especially for the steep price, so don't expect to be satisfied unless you're willing to spend $18+ on lunch.This is probably my favorite vegan restaurant in Philly! It actually beats all the ones in NYC as well. Decor in this place, straight 10/10. Cool homey vibes that make you wish you could post up for the day. The staff, amazing! Everyone is super friendly and helpful and really make every moment of your time here fantastic. They're also super knowledgeable about all things PS&Co and really want you to have a pleasurable experience. Food, see pics attached to this review but beware mouth watering may occur. Carrot cake is my all time favorite (pictured) but all of their cakes/ baked goods knock it out of the park. I also tried the avocado toast with miso cheese and breakfast tacos. Everything is super fresh and it really shows. 
Stop in and place an order to go, grab some baked goods or dine in. Make a reservation to be on the safe side for brunch/ dinner bc they fill up!**** warning: if you have a tree nut allergy do not come here whatsoever!!!!
I have an allergy to tree nuts and after very carefully reading all of the labels that name the ingredients in the food, chose the waffle sandwich. After about 5 minutes, I started to have trouble breathing and asked if there were nuts in the sandwich. Though I was visibly distressed and swollen, one of the three people behind the counter shrugged at me and said "yea all our baked goods have nuts in them" (although there is no sign of this anywhere). I proceeded to call the closest hospital from right in front of the counter, where I had to sputter out my symptoms (though talking/breathing was difficult) and get recommended to come in to their ED right away. Meanwhile the employees had gone back to talking loudly about fighting with their roommates and didn't ask me how I was or offer to get me anything like water, except for one guy who commented that it was "good I stopped eating it" then I quickly packed my stuff and when I left I got a casual "thanks!" Considering their $15 waffle almost killed me, I'd have appreciated a little more customer service and if they are going to use nuts in just about everything, they should a) sign that better for people with allergies and b) have Benadryl, an epi pen, or some other protocol on the ready for dealing with such a common allergen. Overall the experience was more distressing than it should have been because of the terrible service.Prices are really expensive for the portions given--$13 for a small sandwich that didn't have a robust flavor to it--the tofu didn't taste carmalized and I couldn't even taste the red pepper aioli. Also it takes a while for the waitstaff to get back.I am giving it a good rating purely because of the food. In terms of operations, there are definitely things that can be improved upon. 
First, it is great that Philly has this healthy vegan spot that can introduce people to clean / healthy eating. However, be prepared to pay for it. I have been here twice, once for take out cold pressed juice and a chia seed pudding and another time for a group dinner. 
Really good experience with the take out juice and chia seed pudding - both were spot on in terms of being flavorful and not overly sweet. I would highly recommend this place for a post workout smoothie or healthy breakfast! 
In terms of dinner, they have a decent dinner menu, but they don't seem to be well staffed or busy during dinner time. They also had items on the menu that were not available when we were there. We tried 4 of the entrees (guac beet burger, spring rolls, kale pizza and tempeh tacos). I would not recommend the spring rolls as they were overly fried, but the beet burger and kale pizza were both great! 
Unfortunately when we were there, we received dirty plates (quickly switched out) and kept  hearing a beeping noise from a door alarm. This took away from ambiance and experience. I expect both to exceptions to the norm and not present otherwise..Amazing food and excellent service! Creatively prepared meals - truly excellent. The breakfast burrito and shake was delicious and the carrot cake was out of this world.This place is HUGE, BEAUTIFUL, and ALL-VEGAN. I can tell that thought was put into every single aspect of the food and decor. It's just...wow. You have to see for yourself. I can see myself going here a lot in the summer, sipping on a tonic or iced coffee, buying a macaroon or a crisp bar for a sweet treat. The brazil nut milk is perfect in their iced coffee. The tonic I had yesterday (peppermint+carrot juice) was awesome--so flavorful and refreshing. I can't wait to try more of their juices and tonics. 
I got a six pack of macaroons and it was six dollars more than the cost of getting six individual macaroons. OOPS, not going to do that again! Weird price thing aside, we ate the whole little box there and each and every one was a delectable morsel of coconut goodness.
Unfortunately, after seeing their prices, I cannot see myself eating a full meal at PS & Co. I'm sure the food is very good (it looks great!), but $15 (plus tax&tip!!!) for a salad is absurd. That's even more than your average takeaway salad at comparable NYC places like One Lucky Duck and Organic Avenue. Be prepared to spend around $25-$35 on a meal here. This place is for rich people.Wow! What an incredible addition to Rittenhouse! Super healthy, super tasty, & super friendly service! I met up with Lia B here this morning for their grand opening (b/c where else would 2 rad vegan ladies be?!) & I was very impressed.
I enjoyed a mini-quiche, coconut yogurt w/ muesli, a chocolate cookie, & a sparkly tonic, while Lia had the chia pudding & a coffee. We both enjoyed everything we ordered. The coconut yogurt was my favorite & Lia really enjoyed the Brazil Nut Milk for her coffee. They also have lots of cold pressed organic juices to choose from & I noticed some amaranth porridge that looked really tasty...next time!
I really LOVED the space. Lots of light, lots of exposed brick, lots of really cool touches to the decor, & I'm guessing that their wood is reclaimed. They also offer classes & cooking demos...I have a feeling they'll be awesome. 
Finally, REALLY friendly staff. Thank you, Miles, for taking the time to talk to us, looking forward to seeing you there again soon!
All vegan, all gluten free, almost all organic. Highly recommend.Service was okay, not exceptional. Food was fresh, but their selection was pretty limited. Coffee was good, but nothing amazing. Space was pretty cool though!I am so pumped to have found PS & Co! It's definitely going to be a place I go to regularly. 
The staff was extremely helpful and patient. Being vegetarian and gluten free can be a bit challenging when trying to find a place to eat. It was a littler over whelming to be able to order anything off the menu. Usually I go to a restaurant and can only eat one thing and it's normally a salad. Here I could get anything and everything!! He explained that would be the case and showed me around to see the options. 
I went with the Avacado Nori which was incredible! I could have had 3 orders of that and been satisfied. I also tried the Pesto Capresa and Carmelized Tofu. All of which were excellently seasoned and prepared perfectly! The portions are a little small to the eye but everything is very filling!
PS & Co's options will not only please someone wit a special diet, but anyone looking for quality made food with dignity and taste!Cute spot off the Square.  If the weather is nice, there's a little "secret garden" to sit in the back.  The cold brew is nice, with house made Brazil nut milk.The location is quaint and the decor (outside and in!) are adorable. Very hole in the wall, country-chic. 
I didn't try any of the prepared food, but it all looked delicious (especially the vegan mac and cheese). I can unofficially say that the have the best green smoothie in Philly. It has kale, banana, orange, pineapple, brazilian nut milk and ice (I got it without pineapple) and it is the most delicious, refreshing drink ever. 
Are things a bit pricey? Sure. But this is an organic health food store in Rittenhouse Square, so that is to be expected.If you like spending $12 for a small smoothie that tastes okay, this is your place. If not, turn around and head to the Reading Terminal Market.Was visiting Philly as a potential place to move, and of course I check out the vegan restaurants wherever I go... some friends and I went here on a Sunday afternoon after the lunch rush and we were immediately seated.  I unfortunately have restrictive diet, so when I found a vegan and gluten free place, I thought I hit the jackpot.  Unfortunately, I did not learn until after we got there that one of my friends also has a very restrictive diet--basically the exact opposite of mine!  There was virtually nothing on the menu he could eat... BUT, the waiter, Matt, was awesome!  I don't know how many times he ran back and forth from our table, confirming my friend's food allergies, making suggestions, and working to come up with a nice brunch meal he could enjoy.  Matt was very friendly and determined in the process and I'm grateful for the considerate service we received.  If I end up moving to Philly, I hope to become a regular at PS&Co.Amazing brownies! Must try - better than "normal" brownies! Everything else is great and the service is amazing as well. The prices are high... two deserts to go was $18.This review is a bit overdue for PS and Co. I first came here with my husband last November while visiting Philly. We were up somewhat early on a Sunday morning and this was one of the few (possibly only) vegan places open.
There is an extremely welcoming vibe the moment you walk through the door. The staff (and owner) are all so sweet and informative about everything on the menu. Now one may look at the prices and be scared away, but don't! The food here is amazing and well worth every penny. I think it's incredible that everything is organic, vegan, and gluten free. They also make their own (gluten free) flours and nut milks. Additionally, they host events, like cooking classes. You can tell that this restaurant really cares about the wellness of its community.
While visiting Philly this past weekend (in February), we were sure to return to PS and Co. for breakfast. Everything is exactly how we remember it. The food was delicious, service kind, and atmosphere peaceful.Food was alright.l had vegetarian ramen noodle soup and it was fine. I had it to go and they didn't give me chopsticks or a fork for the noodles. There 4 tiny pieces of dumplings is a joke. More like feeding the birds. I think they charged me for water in a cup too.  I gave them tip for nothing. Overpriced food.The wood, the plants, the pictures of different kinds of leaves on the wall...I wish I could live here.  The servers are really nice and you can tell they care about what they're serving, and who they're serving it to.
So why isn't this a 4- or 5-star review?  
Imagine you go to a museum by yourself and you see a bunch of people marveling at a piece of art.  You go over and realize that you do appreciate it, but you don't think you quite "get" it.  That's how I felt about this meal.
The coffee with almond milk and fancy sugar tasted a little strange to me.  I loved the tiny shot glasses that the milk and sugar came in, so the experience was great, but I was confused by the taste.  I kept thinking, "Is this what good coffee tastes like, and I just don't get it?"  Always a possibility.
I ordered the potato latke because I was craving salt, despite the servers saying that the sweeter options were more popular.  The latkes came with cooked kale and tofu scramble.  The scramble was okay and the texture was good, but it was cold, as were the greens.  Again, I wondered if this was a mistake or if it was supposed to be like this.  There was a scoop of what's called 'herbed cream' on top of the latkes, which had the consistency of butter, but did not melt.  The latkes were made with spiralized potatoes and were mostly crispy, unlike latkes I'm used to, which are typically soft and rich.  
I finished the meal feeling very healthy, so that was a big plus.  The concept of this restaurant is a definite 5/5 and I really appreciated all of the consideration for the types of ingredients used in the meal. 
Would I come here again?  YES, absolutely, but I would be sure I was in the mood for something sweet next time.I AM BLOWN AWAY! I ordered a cake from here for my birthday because other vegan cakes I'd ordered were... subpar. This was amazing! Absolutely worth the money that all of my family (even non-vegans) were in awe of how good the cake tasted.Surprised at the great reviews.  Visiting philly and stopped by with family of 4 for breakfast.  Even hubby was really looking forward to a healthy start to our day.  My entire family was disappointed with the smoothies:  Elvis had way too much banana, vanilla chai had a weird aftertaste and the piña was just so so.  That was about $30 in smoothies. According to my husband the pancakes were very bland.  The only winner was the choc tiramisu.  Choc chip banana bread was enjoyed by one child but not the other.  Just know, 1 slice will run you $6.   $80 later, that was most I've ever spent for breakfast and one of the most disappointing meals EVER.  Staff is pleasant, albeit slow and apologetic.  Overall Not worth it at least for breakfast with a family of 4.  Sorry PS & co, we wanted to really like you!  Although you are well loved by others, not willing to give you another chance at those prices.Lovely little vegan brekkie spot. The premium juices rocked. Loved my little breakfast burrito as well. The back seating area is quite a happy little spot, tucked away, nicely decorated and brimming with interesting looking visitors. Our server was a delight, knew her way around the menu and quite rightly helped me select a juice that she swore would knock out an impending cold, and darned if she wasn't absolutely right.Great vegan options for desserts here. Coffee is excellent too-they have Brazil nut milk here which is a little different but good. Staff are extremely nice.I stopped by at the recommendation of some people after a run.  I wasn't overly hungry so I didn't know what to get.  I don't think anything really compelled me to order but I decided on the coconut yogurt with the muesli and got a macaroon from checking in on Yelp.  
I got the double chocolate flavor macaroon.  Although I expected a stronger chocolate taste, it was still delicious and chewy.
The coconut yogurt was a bit more strange.  It had a lemony taste to it, which I liked but I didn't enjoy the snack enough to seek it out.  It was pricey around $7.
While I'm not won over by all that organic vegan spiel, it's a good concept for others.Great vegan restaurant. The desserts are amazing!On a Sunday afternoon I was  walking down the street looking for place to grab a bite, and then suddenly I see this little sign on the sidewalk that said something along the lines with "come check out our secret garden" and it pointed at a little alley. it was around 4pm so I thought it's still sunny out so it won't be shady to go and see what secret garden the sign was talking about. So I walk up and I see this little place with cute few tables and a wooden wall with few plants and some lights hanging on the top. I walk in and it's kind of bigger from the inside. A very nice looking cafe that I've never heard of before. 
I got a salad and an iced tea for late lunch and sat there listened to nice relaxing music while reading my book. Then I decided to do some work on my laptop until I found out that they don't have a wifi. In the beginning I was disappointed but then, I thought about it for a second. It's probably the only cafe out there or at least one of the very few cafes that don't have a wifi. If i had an access to a wifi I would've probably been distracted by my laptop and my phone but not having internet connection kind of forced me to grab my book and read more while listening to the music and connecting with the novel I was reading.
I can say that I had a great time and I spent a lovely Sunday afternoon. I will definitely be back.Not impressed with the food or prices. Their version of bahn-mi was 1/6 the size of a normal one. The bun was nothing like the usual French roll that this Vietnamese sandwich famously uses - it was not crisp, but distractingly chewy and dense. Proportions of filling to bread were off.
The tiramisu is nearly $10 and not like other vegan tiramisus that I've had and loved at other cafes. It was too heavy, cloyingly sweet, and simplistic. Not enough layers and airiness.
Atmosphere is cute with plants and wooden seating. Giving an extra star because it has vegan and gluten-free options.my sister would give her left ovary to eat here everyday...and she pretty much has when you add up how much money she has spent at this spot over the years.
amaranth porridge for $8?  yeah, the food is delicious and overall very healthy, but i don't know what hurts more...my wallet or ego after googling what amaranth is.
thumbs up-ishThe greens smoothie is fresh and yummy, but I will be back to try the Elvis smoothie -- the menu did not have smoothie descriptions so definitely ask the staff for their recommendations!Love the concept (plant-based, gluten-free), but the portions were very small and horribly overpriced.  Food was good, but not excellent, and definitely not worth the cost. Probably won't ever go back.Just way too pricey. Understand that it's organic and healthy food. But I can't justify spending $10 for juice/smoothie or $3.50 for coffee (not pour over, drip coffee). I went the opening weekend so perhaps they have adjusted their prices but I was pretty turned off by the prices. Decor is very cute but I am just not willing to pay such a premium for it.I found this place by searching "organic" in Yelp. It is definitely pricey, but I think knowing that what I'm putting in my body is organic and unprocessed is 100% worth the price. There is not any other place like this in Philly. I have tried the nori roll, the pickled ginger salad, and the curried chickpea salad. They were all really yummy and filling! I definitely want to try some of the juices and desserts next time I'm there. Also, they offer some cool deals on their Facebook page so you can save a few bucks here and there. Even if, like me, you can't go very often because of the price, it is totally worth stopping by for a healthy lunch once in a while.Food was delicious, the avocado toast is awesome but way overpriced. I thought the prices would be justified by the portions you would get but I was terribly disappointed. If they lowered their prices I would return.I walked into this place this morning, looking to get some chia pudding for breakfast, and saw in their glass case a container of chia pudding the size of my fist that was half pudding and half granola selling for $6.50 and walked right out. Are you insane? I'm not kidding you when I say the amount of actual pudding you would have gotten would equate to a container of yogurt. I guess it's my fault for trying to find somewhere reasonable in rittenhouse.I went here to grab a quick breakfast to go yesterday morning. The young ladies who were working were extremely helpful in explaining their menu and products the minute I stepped into the store. I really enjoyed that they were very knowledgeable about their offerings and selections - it's always a relief to me when employees are able to tell me the ingredients in the food that they sell. 
I ordered an amaranth porridge, a cookie, and pad Thai salad. Everything tasted very pure and flavorful. The porridge and the cookie isn't overly sweet, which is perfect for me because I have a sweet tooth, but I hate diabetes-causing sugar overload sweets. The homemade sauce (correct me if I'm wrong?) that came with the pad Thai was simple, pleasant, and satisfied my taste buds really well. 
The interior of the cafe is very clean, spacious, and lovely. Too bad I was in a rush yesterday to enjoy my time at the cafe. I look forward to the next time I stop by for breakfast (which will be very soon)!Stopped in here for a quick breakfast with a bff, and couldn't have had a better experience. Such a cute cafe with great service and fantastic eats.Establishment called me 2 days later to notify me that the I wasn't charged for the third muffin. So 2 tiny muffins, a pop tart, a baby lemon loaf and one juice. $38.
Suggested that I ask for a list of ingredients next time because there are nuts in the muffins. Assumed it was a nut allergy when my baby is 12 months and it was actually a choking hazard not an allergy. I just think it's easier to list what's in it. Especially if something were to happen. Been to several vegan spots and this is one of the pricier ones.Be careful at PS and Co if you have food sensitivities. I'm vegan and have a bad reaction to cane sugar. Because of this, I often ask about the sweeteners restaurants use multiple times to be certain I'm safe before ordering something. After following PS on Instagram and seeing all their pics of amazing cakes, I was so happy when I called to ask what their desserts are sweetened with, and they told me coconut sugar and maple syrup. On my first visit, I asked again about sweeteners and was told the same thing. When I visited a second time, I asked the (very nice) guy at the register about sweeteners and told me the same - coconut sugar and maple syrup, but he wanted to check with the owner to be sure. She was sitting at the counter and said that they actually use cane sugar in all of the cakes because they don't hold together without it. I have been baking without cane sugar my whole life, and I've eaten plenty of cakes at other vegan restaurants and bakeries (namely Sweet Freedom, Essene and Babycakes), and I can verify that baked goods hold together just fine without it. Then the employee asked if the dessert breads and cookies have cane sugar, and the owner said no. I ate the soup I had ordered and returned to the counter to order a sandwich to take out and a dessert. I asked if the breads they use for sandwiches had cane sugar, and the owner said yes, because the yeast needs sugar to rise. Another false statement - I eat plenty of breads that don't have sugar and the yeast rises. The employee then took the initiative to check with the owner again about the sugar in the dessert breads and cookies, and the owner said "Oh, actually the breads have a little dusting of cane sugar on top." Anyone with food allergies/sensitivity knows that even "a little dusting" of something you can't eat isn't ok. Needless to say I did not order anything else. The employee was super nice but obviously not informed, just like the other two employees I had spoken with previously. The owner sadly does not seem to be very educated about her products or cooking without sugar. I definitely won't be returning to PS and Co.This place is adorable, the staff is incredibly friendly and helpful, and I think Center City could use more 100% vegan places. I was excited to try this place after hearing a lot about it. I picked up lunch (a salad, iced tea and a dessert) and spent almost $20. I don't mind spending $20 on lunch, but I wouldn't (and couldn't) do it every day. The salad was OK. It was a bit dry for me and lacked flavor. The macaroon I got for dessert was tasty, but tiny, and maybe not worth the $2 price tag. This place is more like 3.5 stars for me. I love the idea of this place, but the prices are a bit on the high side for me to come back.Great healthy food to go.  Juice is actually organic instead of mostly conventional like the majority of places that "sometimes" use organic produce.Beautiful, airy, original decor... Everywhere I looked there was some unusual detail, from vintage bottles lit in wire milk crates overhead to fresh flowers EVERYWHERE ( even some in the super clean bathroom). Glass-doored refrigerators hold lovely packages of healthy looking hand made products- glass bottles of Brazil nut milk ( I would like to try that in an iced coffee next time). So... The food- a magical combination of healthy/delicious/unusual & beautifully presented. Here are the 3 things I liked the most, though it was hard to choose.
* spring roll holding all kinds of bright flavors-grated carrot w some sort of light lime dressing/tofu/shredded vegetables and an amazing dipping sauce.
* a vegan Caesar salad- I think sunflower oil instead of egg? Chop chop pile of crispy greens and a sprinkling of roasted/dried chick peas 
* an Avocado Coconut meat icy cold pudding with a few cayenne pepper roasted hazelnuts and edible flowers- served in a thick WECK glass ( I want to find these for home!)
* a brown rice / bean dish with subtle flavors and a crispy onion topping that was sublime. Just remembering it made me forget I said 3 things. I guess that's 4.
Every element of the place has an attention to detail that is astounding. And the owner Andrea Kyan popped over to our table to check that everyone was happy- she radiates a sense of good health and a vibrant love for life that is infectious. 
When you have a minute, go find that picnic basket that you bought in the 80s after watching all those Merchant-Ivory movies & a blanket and go get some P.S.&co & have a picnic in Rittenhouse Square.
I read through the other reviews here & saw some negative pricing comments. It is not a cheap spot. I can't imagine the sourcing costs of all of these high-quality ingredients ( how many brazil nuts go into a gallon of cold pressed nut milk?) and paying staff above minimum wage and what I imagine are really high rental costs in such a premium neighborhood and a commitment to community all add up. I heard there is a little fleet of delivery bicycles. Hoping 95 gets a bike lane soon!!Came in looking for a great salad for lunch and definitely got one. Kale and avocado are in my top 5 favorite foods, so I was thrilled to see a delicious salad with both. While everything was flavorful, including the free macaroon we got from checking in on Yelp, there is just something lacking that didn't get it a 5-star review. I think it's the pre-packaged salads; for such great quality food, it seems like a waste to not be able to get made-to-order options. But, I will be back!The food is organic, gluten free, and delicious! The atmosphere is quaint and charming, and we found the owner and crew to be warm, friendly, and very helpful. My husband and I are so happy to have discovered this little vegan  gem!
Looking at the menu, the prices may seem a little high, which is due to the quality of the ingredients used in the dishes. Anyone who tries to cook like this at home, can definitely relate!
On this visit, we had the tofu scramble with pancakes, along with a green smoothie, both were really good - and the pancakes didn't have that odd texture that often comes with gluten free foods.
This is my new Saturday morning tradition!Solid choice for the Rittenhouse area when opting for gluten free and/or vegan food, juice, smoothies, tea or coffee.  As other Yelpers have pointed out, it's a step into a nostalgic world where it feels like life was/is simpler.  Yep, it's pretty simple in here: everything is vegan and gluten free.  So, eat and drink as you please!  Score.
Why only 4 stars?  Well.... it's a vegan joint, and 9 times out of 10, that means there aren't enough people to staff the demand.  It's ok, though, because if you're going in there for the vegan, gluten-free goodness, you know you're willing to wait.  If you're stopping by because you're just curious... maybe just grab something from the cooler/ refrigerated case.  That's another cause for just 4 stars - the food is mostly pre-made.  That means if you arrive towards the end of the day, the choices available are significantly depleted from the start of the day.  If you are armed with this knowledge, though, you'll be fine.
I love that they have a menu that reflects the season and available ingredients.  I love that there is cold brew.  I love that there is plenty of seating.  I love the organic ingredients.  I love the flavor combinations.  I love the "desserts in a cup" - dreamy creamy creations that are pretty divine... as long as you don't think about the calories.
The choice of nut milk makes for rich beverages. I prefer more coffee to nut milk, but it's still quite unique to have brazil nut milk.  There are lovely juices and smoothies available, but as others have noted, beware that your eyes are not the size of the refrigerator... because it will cost you a very pretty penny.
The sandwiches seem like a good idea, but, I always shy away from sandwiches because there is so much bread compared to the good stuff: the filling.  This is the same for P S & Co.  I feel that you'd be happier ordering an entree or salad rather than ordering a sandwich with 90% of what you'er eating as bread.... good flavors, but, not the most amazing choice.
I also wonder why they aren't more supportive of marking and having raw options.  Salads are good, but the price is high, and, they have components that are not raw.  
The prices are high, yes, especially in comparison to the portion size.  Based on the size of the delectable food items you order, I feel that this place is a happy lunch location, but if on a hunger-induced scavenger hunt for a substantial dinner, I would steer away from this place.
I will be back- the dessert in a cup that they make is worth it.Absolutely LOVED this place. Love doesn't even describe the way I feel about this restaurant. Vegan AND gluten free!! Not to mention everything I ate was delicious!!! I had dinner here then the next morning had breakfast. I had the nachos which let me say I died and went to heaven. I had to refrain from licking the plate it was so good. I also had a soup that I don't remember what it was called it was good but a tad salty but flavors were there. Then I bought a cupcAke and a cookie sandwich to go and both INCREDIBLE!!!!!! Then for breakfast.. omg yum! I had breakfast burrito with pickled jalapeños and fermented hot sauce on side, brioche French toast and mushroom bacon! Literally smashed all of it. It was beyond, beyond, BEYOND amazing!!! Literally considering loving to philly so I can eat here everyday! And my server Matt I believe was super super nice! Love him the FOOD and this place period! If you are vegan or even if you are just gluten intolerant, go eat here!!! I wish they had a website I could have their baked goods shipped to my house!Very nice and relaxed scene! So relaxed that the guy at the counter moved like a sloth. Maybe part of it was because I was in a rush to get to work, so it seemed slower, but he made it seem like something would break if he moved any faster. Still, he was very nice and friendly, so ill take slow any day over rudeness.
I tried out some of the baked goods. They were good, but not amazing that I would go back and pay the price that I did! Boy!! Everything is was really expensive! I know it's organic and all, but u would have thought the food was personally blessed by Jesus with the price of some things! 
The food was good and healthy, but I know I could get the same for cheaperWow, great place that we did not realize was all vegan and organic. Wonderful selection of cold-pressed juices in the cooler. The beet-lemon-ginger one was incredible. Spouse had some pizza and took along the cauliflower grits mix. Warm helpful service, what a gem to have in the Rittenhouse neighborhood. Great rustic cool decor too. Although I love my gluten, they are also gluten free. This should be a chain.Stopped in here last minute and ended up getting a seat at the window in the front. The chocolate chai was unique and delicious. We had a French bread pizza with tomatoes, onions, and crispy mushrooms on top. This was very flavorful and even though I usually don't like mushrooms I absolutely loved this whole arrangement. I will definitely be returning for a full meal in the future. Recommended!!I just came from the most amazing feast at Pure Sweets & Co., a vegan and gluten-free organic restaurant on Rittenhouse Square. 
I enjoyed indescribable flavors and amazing textures (e.g., Burmese Truffle salad--to die for! and Kale Phad Thai). Such inventive food. I am not vegan, but I do know food. Andrea Kyan is a culinary artist of the highest order. If you haven't tried her food, I strongly recommend it.As a vegan, I am somewhat embarrassed by this place.  Healthful, vegan food does not have to be sold at these high prices, prepacked in (compostable) plastic containers.  The small entrees are well over $10, which would be perfectly fine if I hadn't had them pointed out to me in a refrigerated case, with the helpful suggestion that I could microwave them if I wanted them warm.  (Yes, I do like my curries warm....)
I am giving this place three stars because it does have some tasty options.  I particularly recommend the black and white pudding cup.This is the perfect place to grab a delicious dessert made from natural, high-quality ingredients. Not too fancy - just simple, organic, and tasty. 
If you live and breathe chocolate like I do, I highly recommend the Elvis Tart. It consists of the silkiest and tastiest whipped chocolate ganache you'll find in this town. (I'm amazed the consistency is even possible without use of cream.) It is topped with what seems to be a layer of house-made peanut butter, and contains refreshing slices of banana near the bottom, underlaid by a layer of chocolate crumbs. Although I'm not a peanut butter fan, I still really enjoyed this dessert. I hope they make a variation of this dessert with a topping other than peanut butter at some point. Also, it's a curious choice of name, since it's not really a tart, but rather a cup - not dissimilar in form to Barbuzzo's salted caramel budino jar. 
I have also tried the lemon-flavored coconut macaroon. (Free, with Yelp check-in!) Although it is small in size, it is packed with lemon flavor and coconut fiber. The lime avocado "tart" is also really good, though again, it's more like a lime-accented avocado pudding than a tart. 
Although I've only tried desserts, they also offer a variety of healthy, vegan and gluten-free lunch options, such as salads and wraps, which I will have to try. The prices are a bit high, but considering the alternatives in this neighborhood - especially for lunch within walking distance of the office - I'm willing to pay a few extra dollars for something more nutritious. Frequent customers also get the option to choose from several "meal plans," which can help save some money while promoting healthier dining. 
The establishment looks rustic and charming, and going in feels like entering a completely separate world from the Rittenhouse area. It is definitely a great addition to the neighborhood.Love this place--so much delicious organic food. My only gripe is that some of the food seems priced a little too high. I also think they should implement a rewards program for frequent customers. However, would highly recommend.Really liked this place!!! Not sure I have much to add that others have not said: super cute decor (great designer, could live here!), above average service (friendly greeting coming in), delicious menu. Btw, it sure filled up for a Monday lunch hour--(all women, btw, lol). The banana bread my dining companion ordered was splendid; and my salad, absolutely delicious! Carrot ginger dressing I could have eaten like it was soup and the dressed greens tasted marvelous. 
However, I took off a star because the scone we split was overdry even if you like your scones dry; and my coffee despite its magnificent accoutrements was not as delicious as I hoped.  Also, a tad on the skimpy side for the tofu and portabello on the salad. I get it is expensive to eat well but tofu not that pricey to bulk up the protein; and they charged extra for the mushroom so a few more pieces were in order. Def would like to come back to try a few more items and round out my review. I suspect can be a little hit or miss based today's experience--but worth a go for a bowl, shake or something just to dine in the environs :) I def want to (must) try the tiramismoothie!!! P.S. Xox :) !!!So friendly as soon as I walked in for a quick lunch. Got the protein packed smoothie bowl and cold brew. So good. A little pricey though.I have been a customer of Pure Sweets and the amazing Norwalk cold pressed Pure Tonics for over a year. Sitting in this sunny well designed cafe and have my favorite juices along with some of the best organic savories is a great treat. The decor matches the vibe of the cafe, recycled, natural and friendly along with being delicious.Philadelphia has needed more vegan kosher organic options and Andrea and her crew make it happen. I am in love with the coconut fruit of the day yogurt and the Burmese salad is a touch of Yangon in Rittenhouse.
I agree with another review that the really easy iPad payment is made awkward by the recommended tip and glad to see it is being addressed. Now if there just was parking.....well it is worth getting a ticket to eat this incredible food.I tried their gluten free macaroon (they were giving out samples on the street) and it was really good! So, I decided to try it for lunch. I got two juices and one roll. The juice was good and fresh. The roll was fresh but really small and for sure not enough for lunch. The total came to 28 dollars. Way too much! I understand the amount of fresh fruit required for the juice but the roll was just ridiculously small. 
I also got really upset because they don't have prices anywhere. They're not on the paper menu, they're not on the online menu, they're not exposed in the store.This place is pretty pricey for a cafe and not very efficiently run. But, their food is great and so is their message. Expect to spend around $20 for a small food item and a smoothie. Expect to wait a while for your food as well. All organic, thoughtfully made without refined ingredients. It's also gluten free and vegan. There's Xfinity internet that's kinda slow and always tons of space to sit and get work done. It's not  heavily air conditioned so dress appropriately for the weather if you're going to hunker down here-- I think they have some sort of enviro-friendly low-energy AC system. Outdoor garden in the back is great! There's always a few flies hanging around which is kind of gross. Overall, I come here because it's healthy and convenient and tasty, but otherwise I wouldn't go out of my way because it's expensive for what it is and takes a while for a quick cafe.Really great high-quality smoothies and coffee and food options.  Only downside is that I wish they would expand the food menu so I could come in every day and have something to eat.  The current food options are a bit obscure or seemingly a bit pricey for not that much quantity.  I am confident they can improve and become 5 stars by expanding the menu a bit.All vegan, all organic with a cute indoor/ outdoor space to boot!
PS & Co has radically transformed the former Adresse space.  Plaster walls were stripped back to expose the brick structure beneath, hard wood floors were refinished, and windows were opened up and added to create a lovely light filled space on Locust.  
Without any signage on the various prepared foods, the friendly staff helped me select my lunch -- the PS & Co take on a Caesar salad with a creamy vegan dressing, facon (crisped & seasoned shitake), spicy chickpeas over a bed of shredded kale and cabbage.  At $13.50 with tax before tip it was a pricy lunch, but it was filling and delicious.  
Will be back when I'm in the mood to treat myself to something healthy.  A great addition to Rittenhouse Square's vegan dining scene.Born and raised in Philadelphia and just living in LA since last year where we have incredibly healthy stores/restaurants like Erewhon, Juice Crafters, Juice Pressers, Hugo's and more- many of them are super expensive, outrageous prices with the 9% tax rate and a 16oz plastic bottle or glass bottle fee of an additional $1-$1.50 at times. However, the food is of the freshest quality and pigments/nutrient rich foods I've ever seen, in Erewhon. Hugo's presentation is great.
So yes, these prices are extremely expensive. I wonder how fresh and organic it really is as well, given the shelf life of most plant based foods and their preservation process. Things aren't really transparent here as they are in LA with the cold press juicing places. LA is expensive, that's not a biased opinion based on financial status what so ever, this is fact... LA county, is known to be that way, yet our prices are cheaper than this place, with way better, fresher foods. All vegan, gluent free, much locally grown, and more. Fix your prices or have better quality, improve your presentation (refer to Mendocino Farm's) an incredibly amazing experience / brandGo-to spot for light, healthy, detox food, juice and smoothies. All of their smoothies are good but sometimes you really just need a green one. The "greens" always has a nice fruity flavor but I believe the ingredients change with the season. Their refrigerator also always has a good selection for green juices, among others.
They have a nice selection of vegetarian dishes and I usually go for the pad Thai. They'll heat it up for you if you ask. 
All of the food is available for takeout but staying in is a very pleasant option. Especially in the back. The decor is lovely and tranquil all around. 
It is a bit pricey but their really good ingredients are worth paying for.I'm not a vegan but met a vegan friend here. This coffee was decent and the mushroom flatbread was deliciousMy friend and I went here for brunch on Saturday.  Both the service and the quality of the dishes left a lot to be desired.  He got the French toast which was good, not great, and it took quite awhile to come out.  I wanted a fruit bread, but they were out, so I got the chia pudding, which they subsequently forgot to bring to me and I had to ask again.  The beverages were fine.  I ordered an earl grey tea.  I was completely turned off, however when I paid the bill and noticed that they charged me $1.50 for milk for my tea. Very tacky. I was even more unimpressed when we paid the bill via iPad, and the suggested tip amounts that popped up to click on were 30%, 25%, and 20%.  I always leave at least 20% if the service meets expectations (which this did not), but to have those options pop up again felt tacky.  This is not a place that inspires a Vegan lifestyle either for those already practicing it (my friend who was with me) or for those who are considering it (yours truly)PS & Co is genuinely a great little hidden vegan food spot.
I've gotten quite a few fresh pressed juices from here and have enjoyed every single one! They are a little on the pricier side, but most pressed juices in the city are.
For brunch, I got their breakfast nachos with tofu scramble and it was delicious. I literally cleared my plate. My server did forget the salad I ordered and the soup my girlfriend ordered, however we were full with the other dishes we received and so it ended up being fine. As a former service, the service seemed a little bit unorganized but the relaxing atmosphere kept us from getting antsy. Their baked goods are unbelievable! Even my nonvegan girlfriend was obsessed!
The aesthetic inside is adorable and cozy and everyone is really friendly. It's definitely worth stopping by!Love the ambiance and the garden out back! Tasty, vegan latte and macaroons but minus one star for NO WIFI! Hope that changes soon because I could spend hours here.I didn't want to like this place because I eat meat and I don't really like sweets, but it was AMAZING. 
I had the summer rolls, a dish with chickpeas, and the kale salad. I'll definitely go back!Was in the Philadelphia area for a wedding and happened to be staying downtown close to PS & Co, which was recommended to me by a coworker. 
Since I had a small window of Time, I walked over on a Thursday afternoon and found it to be a cute and charming, organic eatery! 
At the counter, you'll find pasties and while eying them, I asked the staffer at the counter if her boss was around, since my friend knows her boss. Unfortunately, she wasn't, and I was hungry, so I ordered some food to go. I'm not such if waiter service was available that late in the afternoon since most seats were empty. 
So I had the mango lassi as it was a hot, June day -- which was great, and the Avocado Toast to go. It was quite good but for the price, was one, super small piece so was a bit dissatisfied with that. 
Nevertheless. PS & Co is a cute place for a drink or a pastry with a beautiful interior.My husband and I tried PS&Co last week and were very glad we did.  I had a green juice with spinach, cilantro and pineapple - did not know green juices could be so delish and refreshing.  Yes it was pricey, but it's not a huge markup if you consider the cost of making it yourself.  We also each got a salad, and split the summer rolls.  The ginger salad was amazing - nice crunch, great bite from the ginger - and the relish, nuts and dressing balanced it wonderfully.  The summer rolls - again, a revelation.  Filling and chewy and crisp at the same time, with a dipping sauce that was just sweet enough without being cloying.
The portions, despite seeming small, were surprisingly filling.  And yes, it is pricey.  You're paying for quality ingredients at a central location.  Seems like a no brainer.  I will definitely be returning.quinoa chocolate chip pancakes = 5 stars!
acai bowl with interesting dollop of mango puree = 4.5 stars! (I only wish the acai blend was thicker/colder, like closer to a sorbet consistency rather than the present smoothie-bowl.)
adzuki brownie = 5 stars!
service = 5 stars!Thank goodness for this place. The food is exquisite. 
I would give it 5 stars if not for the service issues that would honestly be a deal breaker if not for the food- while it is friendly, the servers need role clarity, communication, and deployment training. 
*Let's start with the FOOD*: 
The flavors are BRIGHT, crisp and fresh. I felt like weeping over the waffle and cakes, since GF treats are usually so bland and heavy. These are light and deep in flavor. Perhaps one of the best brownies I have ever had. Also, shout out to the baker who recognizes that quality ingredients mean you don't have to use too much sugar- these are perfectly sweet. 
The brunch main courses have a complex set of flavors, and the right balance of soft and crisp. The mouthfeel of the burrito was particularly comforting, and the homemade hot sauce dazzled. Everything tastes fresh.
*Now the SERVICE*
I'll start with the good parts: after seeing our table suffer,  a red headed server took pity on us, apologized, and even gave us that amazing brownie. I hope we tipped her well. I say I hoped because I wasn't super sure she was our server. 
Our initial arrival had no host or greeting, and so I waited in line at the coffee counter to let them know I had a reservation. The hectic girl (server #1) behind the counter said, "oh so do you want to eat in?" "yes" "oh so just sit anywhere you like.". So we did and sat there for about 20 minutes unattended. 
We sat another 30 minutes after receiving menus and water by  server #2. 
Finally red headed server #3 asked us, "have you been helped yet?" and seemed concerned when we hadn't. Things got significantly better and our mouths were so happy. 
About halfway into our meal, server #2 checked on us, and the husband asked for a coffee warm up. She said, "do you want it in this cup?" and he said, "sure let me finish this really quick' proceeded to gulp his last bits down and she turned walked away without the cup. We never saw server #2 again. 
When I brought up the cup to the counter, and asked if anyone had time for a warm up, the cup was gruffly taken from my hand from server #4 without a word. I said, "sorry if I asked the wrong person, I don't think I understand the deployment here and I'm not sure who to ask for help from." Server #4 literally just stared at me speechless. 
Four different women served us during our meal, three of whom were grumpy and seemed irritated we were there, (I usually interpret this type of mood as "We are understaffed and this isn't really my table). 
DEAR MANAGEMENT:
Please manage customers expectations at the onset- I am still not sure if there is brunch table service or if we were ticking everyone off by not ordering from the front counter. I would rather go with whichever working model you have than frustrate your staff. 
If there is table service, please confirm that every server "owns" a table so we know who to ask for help. I was pretty sure that of the 4 women helping us, at least 3 were irritated that we were asking for help, (but given the 3 servers visiting our table, we weren't sure who we were actually supposed to be asking for help from). 
It just kind of seemed like chaos with 3 people helping every table so no one was sure which step each table was in, (had someone ordered yet? did someone need coffee? did someone need a check?). 
If it's a free for all, perhaps have some type of communication system to flag which step each table is in so 1) customers don't wait so long for someone to notice them and 2) you can move people faster through your floor and you can increase your profit.
The overarching recommendation is communication: let us know what to expect and how to request service. Ensure the staff know who needs what, and who is actually taking care of it. 
This will reduce everyone's stress level and your staff will find it easier to meet customer needs, find time to delegate to side work, and ensure customer returns, (from other reviews, I can see people love the food but also take issue with the service). Maybe ask the red headed server to train the rest of the team on how to serve customers while under pressure- she's doing it right!
All of these I kinks I look forward to seeing get ironed out, as I will return again and again, (although only on days I can be sure I have the time in case there is lots of waiting).Stopped in here for my morning juice fix. Also ended up getting 2 macaroons because 1) had a yelp checkin coupon for 1 macaroon 2) the flavors were so different than any other place I've been so couldn've pass up not trying one more. 
Macaroons(Lemon lavendar, Mexican Chocolate): I give them credit for the creativity. The macaroon itself was very dense and perfectly chewy. The lemon lavendar outshiined the mex. chocolate. as I tasted zero spiciness and all chocolate in the mex. chocolate macaroon. The Lemon Lavender was delicious as the slight lemony tartness contrasted the hint of lavender very well.
Forgot the name of the juice I got but it was a combination of dandelion greens, pear/apple, lemon, parsley (cold pressed). Not a combo you'd find anywhere else. Super light and refreshing.. just the pick me up I needed to start my morning. 
the only negative was the temperature inside the place. it was a bit stuffy since it was in the 80's outside and there was no fan or ac running inside.
other than that, this place is definitely worth stopping by if you're in the area! the service, quality of food is very much worth the price.
Service there was great! Everyone who worked there were so down to earth and amiable. Got into a fantastic conversation with the owner after asking whether the juice had been sweetened with agave. 
I can tell that she cared and was truly passionate about the food (and quality of food) she serves. I had intended to purchase some food I saw from their online menu but she explained the reason they could not offer them was because the quality of ingredients from their source just wasn't up to par. 
Overall, fabulous cold-pressed juices. I will definitely pay a visit next time I'm back in Philly to try their food- thanks!!Multiple times we've ordered delivery and gotten the muesli, It says in the description that it comes with nut milk, we have NEVER ONCE gotten the nut milk with it..disappointing, even despite adding 'i want the nut milk'  in the special instructions, they seem to just ignore it.  Their mohinga soup is to die for, I'd had it on site, but they only have it available on weekends, after a long and stressful work week I really wanted some before work today but didn't have time to stop by. I ordered some today, I got a large so I could enjoy it later too. When I received my order, it was a large and and extremely salty bowl of miso soup. I do not understand. There were only two options, soup of day (mohinga, I even called to make sure it was the soup of the day) and miso. I also ordered muesli again as it's my boyfriend's favorite, he added in the special instructions that he would like the nut milk, he got dry meusli. No nut milk.  We were extremely disappointed. I gave them a call explaining what happened and received a few less than sincere apologies followed with "oh well if you come in we'll give you a free mohinga and muesli "....um no that's why we got delivery, we couldn't make it in and I don't have time, I have to go to work now. We really wanted to love this place, especially with it being plant based but I really feel like they just don't care about their customers and don't feel a need to read their to go orders...I mean come on, how hard is it really, we order only three items! We will no longer be supporting them and really do not recommend this place especially for delivery unless you are looking to be surprised by all new items you didn't even order.The word vegan usually brings shudders to carnivores such as myself.  The main reason being that most vegan food is terrible.  When I think vegan food, I think tasteless cardboard. Pure Sweets is changing all of that.  Walking down this narrow street off Rittenhouse Square,  Pure Sweets easily sets itself apart, even in this fashionable district.  The decor perfectly characterizes what Pure Sweets is all about.  Everything has the personal touch and personality of its owner and nothing in there feels or is served factory made.
Pure Sweets is like no other place I have visited.  In fact it is the only place that I know that is a100% organic,  vegan,  gluten free,  kosher certified juice bar, cafe and bakery all in one!
We tried the kale salad with Burmese chickpea curry and brown sticky rice. This salad was full of texture and flavor. The chickpeas were a delicious compliment to the crunchy kale and chewy rice adding a buttery, nutty texture and flavor that made dressing unnecessary.  We also tried the vegan quiche, a square of the most complicated flavors I have ever tasted. With every bite you experience the chewiness of the quinoa,  the crunchiness of broccoli,  and the creamy sweetness of the squash.  There was a richness to each individual ingredient that gave the entire bite a complicated flavor pop. 
We finished our meal with a sampling of the day's cookies and bars.  There is a marked difference in organic,  vegan,  gluten free cookies.  Every cookie tasted so natural and didn't make you feel greasy and sick.  My favorite was the lavender coconut macaroon.  It did not have the soapy aftertaste that most lavender products suffer from,  it was instead a pleasant floral taste in my mouth. 
Pure Sweets cold presses their own juice. Cold pressed juice is definitely different from regular juices and smoothies.  It is more concentrated and retains the nutrients more.  The cold pressed juices at Pure Sweets are exotic and amazingly addictive.  We had one that was spiced with ginger that was refreshing, spicy, and sweet.
Pure Sweets perfectly captures the nostalgic small business hospitality that has been lost to the forced,  trained smiles of corporate chains. We ended paying more for our meal than most places but it was completely justified knowing we were eating the most natural, locally sourced ingredients with zero additives and  zero harm to animals or the environment. It was also justified because it made 2 carnivores rethink the way we thought about vegan food.I'm delighted by P S and Co., from their gentle, clean space to their delicious treats and terrific service.
My favorite item so far: The protein bowl. It's so tasty and fresh - and maybe the best smoothie bowl I've ever had, possibly because the coconut yogurt and almond butter make it smoother and richer.I came to PS & Co for lunch in between meetings - it was not my first time there, but I believe it will sadly be my last. Overall summary:
- The food is tasty, but pretty expensive for what it is & portion size. There are a lot of other organic, local eateries that are more reasonable in the area. 
- My experience with the host there was pretty dismal. Once I was seated and after I had ordered, he informed me that there was a no laptop policy in the dining area, and that I would need to move to the counter. I think that posting this somewhere would have been helpful. once he reseated me, he did not offer wifi password or extend any other courtesy. 
- Food took a VERY long time to come out. They did provide a complimentary anti-inflammatory shot of juice for my wait... which was cool? 
However, the wait staff there was exceptionally wonderful (Dan) - the highlight of my experience there.Blown away by the salted cauliflower meatball pizza. Service was a little slow, but the food was so good it didn't matter. Definitely coming back.I usually come here post-flywheel for the green smoothie. 
Pros:  The place is very cute and clean. AND they allow dogs, which is a huge plus :) The green smoothie is very consistent. Although a bit too icey. 
Cons:  Expensive and no loyalty program (Ex. Buy 10 drinks get 11th free)Pure Sweets was amazing!!!!  Ok, yes, it's a bit pricey but honestly I knew it wasn't going to be cheap. Ive been a vegan for 20 years and it is what it is. When I want a bargain I just eat at home...lol  I'll definitely come back. The staff was so knowledgable, the food was super fresh, I was pleasantly impressed.My sister and I brought my mom to PS & Co for Mothers Day, and between the food,  ambiance, service, and ideology, I fell in love. Everything is vegan and gluten free, and all ingredients are local and organic. If you are soy free or have a nut allergy, items on the menu that are soy and/or nut free are labeled with SF or NF. We came for brunch but they also serve dinner/dessert (which I will eventually make it back for). 
We ordered the mohinga, waffle club, and waffle w/chocolate sauce. 
-Mohinga (Burmese noodle soup w/ turmeric, ginger, lemongrass, kaffir lime): This soup is incredibly flavorful, and both my sister and I LOVED it. I was tempted after leaving to buy ingredients to attempt it at home! 
-Waffle Club (waffle sandwich w/tofu, greens, onions/mushrooms/red pepper cheese): Small but incredibly filling with a ton of great flavors that complemented each other well.  
-Waffles (quinoa oat w/77% dark chocolate): Also small but filling (because the waffles are made from oats!)
Oh and before we left the owner gave my mom a little macaroon as a mother's day gift which I thought was such a wonderful gesture.My original Post: The prices are ludicrous!  8 oz juice $10.20.  I don't give a hoot about what processes were used or how they cold press for one hour.  The names of the drinks (Ubud!) reflect the price for a gallon of aviation fuel to get to those exotic locations, but bear no reality to the market for a juice, no matter how good. Skip it!
My update a week later:  OK now the owner comes out on Yelp and says 'Hey its a 16Oz $10.68 drink, not a 8oz drink for $10.20...your post was blatantly false!' I guess  was SO SHOCKED at the price that maybe I was stunned.  Ok maybe ... but $10 for a drink of juice, much less anything not marked Chateau Margeaux 1982 is CRAZY!  I went to this shop as a neighbor ... I live one block from this place and its STUNNING that they would attack a customer online.  This is a mark of arrogance.  Worse yet their obliviousness to the actual people who would use their services is a DEAL BREAKER.1) Andrea, the owner, is lovely. She cares about her customers, knows us by name, and takes an interest in both human and animal rights.
2) DON'T BE A DING DONG. GET THE DING DONGS. No really - try the ding dong. Stupid good. In fact, try most of the desserts. Delicious. The tart cups are out of this world and the cakes are crazy good.
3) There seem to be some changes in ingredients lately: I miss the old fruit/seed/nut bar and the bread the sandwiches used to come on, which I'd happily eat roughly five times a day given the choice. Please bring it back and not just for pizzas! Can you sell loaves? Can I build a fort from it and not share? Can I have some NOW? :)
4) Yes, the juices are expensive. But they're also cold-pressed, each bottle takes forever to make, the ingredients are organic, and the people making the food and drink and selling it to you are paid a living wage. So. Buy when you can - sometimes I can splurge on one, sometimes not. But I wouldn't ask them to change the quality for the world!
5) My favorite salad is the Caesar.
6) The space is lovely and inviting, and a great place to go when you need to recharge and refresh. When I step into P.S.&Co. I feel like a fancy healthy lady getting an escape from my regular life, where coworkers stink up the joint with Popeye's and Dunkin'.
7) WAIT!! Also try the mac 'n cheese.
And the nori spring roll.
Oh and if it comes back in stock, the coconut peanut butter. But leave a jar for me so I can eat it with a spoon.Nice stop for a quick bite of healthy organic food.  Decor is well done and the staff are nice and friendly. Great place for a morning bite or late afternoon snack
Their items are set up to take home but they do have searing available and each time I've been there, options were plentiful.  
Give it a try for sureWe are staying just around the corner, and stopped here right after our arrival. I'm not sure I want to even try anywhere else, everything was so delicious! I'm gluten free and vegetarian, so it was an amazing find. My husband was similarly enthused, despite not having as restrictive a diet.
I had some spicy noodles and a bahn mi. He had an amazing sweet potato soup (with peanuts, noodles, chili oil and more ) and a caprese sandwich. The atmosphere is relaxed, the decor is rustic, and bright. We sat inside, but there's a lovely patio out back.Found a new go to spot here. Had the chia porridge,  ginger juice, lemonade, jalapeño  corn muffin and a coffee with Brazilian nut milk. Everything was good, the chia porridge was my favorite.  Slightly sweet and the chia was tender, tasted like tapioca as opposed to when I eat it raw and it's hard. Nice to get something good for y poo u and tastes good too.  Andrea the owner made sure every one was enjoying themselves and was very knowledgeable about the menu and all the ingredients.  
The space is well decorated,  spacious and relaxing.Tried this place yesterday for the first time! I will definitely be back! I had the garden pad Thai which is basically a kale salad with pad Thai. I loved all of the fresh gluten dairy free options! My friend tried the dan dan noodles and said they were really good. They smelled flavorful! Next time I will have to try some juices.Quite expensive and small portions but only place of it's kind around here!! Acai bowl was yummy as was grain free chocolate chip cookie. Will come again but would love to see a new clean eating spot open up to create come competition and lower prices!! in LA an acai bowl would never cost $18 - but that's the going rate here in philly I guess.We discovered PS&Co while walking around the Rittenhouse Square area after dinner.  We stopped in and tried the chocolate and chocolate peanut butter tarts and spinach lemonade and were very impressed!  So much so that we bought more desserts to go!   Space is gorgeous  and staff is friendly.  Definitely heading there when we're back in town,Little OASIS with BIG flavor!!! The smoothie selection was incredible, but due to my banana allergy I was not able to indulge. The cold pressed juices selection was expansive. I opted for the Ubud   - it was the perfect morning pick-me-up. The GF pastries were too yummy to pass up. The scone was missing nothing from being GF and the brownie i got my coworker (and tried of course) was stellar. The prices are a little steep, but they do not compromise on quality or flavor, so it's worth it!After quickly glancing at the Yelp reviews, I was really excited to try this place. What a disappointment. We took the food to go to eat in the square, but most of the food ended up getting thrown away or finished somewhat begrudgingly. With several of us eating, we ordered several different items, which ranged from being pretty unremarkable (yet very expensive) to downright bad.My first time in Philly for the weekend and I was really looking forward to brunch there. The only positive thing I could say about this place is the decor and ambiance. Forget the rest. Worst food and service ever. Small portions. Even the fruit tart we ordered for desert was old and literally had mold on it. The service sucked. Saved your money and go somewhere better. Was super disappointed.Totally overpriced and disgusting smoothies. Six dollars for a small slice of banana bread and $12 for a smoothie? And then it doesn't taste good! Just because you have a Rittenhouse address does not mean you can gouge people for bad vegan products.I absolutely LOVE PS&Co, especially because I can indulge guilt free. Their expansive menu of gluten free/plant based food and treats is perfect for anyone whose palate is easily bored. The back eating area is cozy and well decorated, a true oasis in the city. When I don't have time to eat at the shop, there are tons of grab and go juices and meal options. My favorite juice is the Ubud-I highly recommend giving it a try.
The owner and staff are incredibly friendly and helpful. Two thumbs up!I was visiting Philly for the weekend and was looking for a breakfast/brunch place with healthy options and that could accommodate my dietary restrictions when I discovered this café on Yelp. I was pleasantly surprised and happy to find this café, which offers gluten-free, dairy-free, and organic options. I really enjoyed the muesli with coconut yogurt and avocado toast. The yogurt was thick and tart--just as I like it! The muesli was not excessively sweet; the waitress mentioned that it's sweetened with maple syrup. The avocado toast on home made gluten-free bread was thick, fresh, and spicy. It was very filling. The café's wait staff was friendly and helpful. The ambience and decor are welcoming and charming.
While the food and service were very good, the prices are on the higher end. However, I know that organic, healthy, and homemade foods cost more to procure and prepare. Unfortunately, this means that those who need these foods the most tend to be those who cannot afford eating at places like P.S. & Co. Hopefully, there will be more restaurants like this one in Philly and other US cities who offer organic and healthy options at affordable prices for everyone.Cute atmosphere with super friendly staff but I paid $15 for the Almond Elvis smoothie.  It was $11.95 and after tax and tip came to $15. It wasn't even that big. I am used to paying $10, even $11 for a good smoothie with protein but this was very high. I recognize its Rittenhouse and the rents are high there but I found the price to be exorbitant. Sip and Glo isn't far away and offers similar juices for a much lower price.Good food but expensive! Lunch and 1/2 dessert with no drink was $20 for 1 person before tip. Love that it is veganic! Loved: meatball sandwich, cauliflower meatball pizza, sweet potato fries with side of spicy cheese, carrot cake with blueberry icing, and chocolate tiramisu. Liked: kale pizza, beet burger. Meh: cookie dough cake ball.OMG!!! My family has been trying to make a health change and we stumbled on this place while walking near rittenhouse square. Man....the food is soooo good and the staff is super friendly and welcoming. I highly recommend this place.First time eating here. I ordered a ginger turmeric hot tea, fresh spring rolls and the ramen. I wish the ramen had more to it (such as tofu, mushrooms, etc on veggies). It was just ok, I wouldn't order it again. The dumplings on the side were delicious though. Looking forward to going back for the friendly service and to try something else on the menuLove the Brazil nut milk-even though it is a pricey add-on.  Cute and cozy decor, tons of seating.  Amazing coffee and great tea selection!This is my new favorite go-to place to hang, get a healthy meal, have a guiltless treat, awesome tea, etc. The food is all delicious and vibrant, the staff is super friendly and welcoming. Everything is right up my alley! So excited to have found this place!! Will definitely be coming back here regularly!I really like the aesthetic here - every time I walk by, something about the name of the place and the sign always pulls me in.
I enjoy their juices/shakes. Especially the one with peanut butter. I've tried the food but wasn't a big fan. At first I thought it may be because i don't typically eat vegan so perhaps I'm expecting certain flavors and my disappointment is exclusively a factor of this unfair expectation, however this likely isn't true as I love Vedge.
Their coffee with Brazilian nut milk is also nice. I was told they make the milk in house.Delicious healthy vegan cuisine. My favorite is the pad thai w/ kale. They have great dessert options made with high quality ingredients. Also enjoyed their pre-fix dinner too.
Beautifully curated space as well.Lovely decor, very nice and polite employees and good food. However, the prices really are steep for the food being offered. Maybe I'm just biased. Having lived in Portland, Oregon and Southern California, perhaps I'm just used to the reasonable prices for similar items that taste as good if not better than the items here. Or maybe P.S.& Co is just on par with similar venues in Rittenhouse.Rustic and natural feel great little patio! Watermelon juice was great with yogurt combo!
Came back for lunch had the avocado kraut salad and coffee/water.If this place had wi-fi, I'd never go anywhere else for my coffee. As a non-vegan, I do wish they had actual moo-milk as an option, but I can't complain about the Brazil-nut milk they've got instead -- it's far better than the typical soy and almond offerings at most vegan-friendly spots. Plus, there's SO. MUCH. SEATING. And it's CUTE. And there's an OUTDOOR AREA. And you can order FRESH COCONUTS. And they have SMOOTHIES. And the (vegan-friendly) snacks are delicious. YAAAASSS, y'all.The staff here is always pleasant,I work down the street so I like to support local business. The smoothies are my favorite and of course the juices, the mint with lemon is the best . Everything is made with care so the taste is great.The longest wait ever for food.....:( I was so so sad it took so long at this joint on a sunday afternoon. It wasn't even busy folks! Like maybe 5 people were inside and my gf & I went outside for a late lunch. It took like an hour and the service to the outdoor tables was horrible. I had to go inside on several occasions to order and get stuff.Delicious vegan place for brunch and very cute. They take reservations which I would recommend, though we only had to wait 10-15 min for the communal table. The tofu scramble breakfast tacos and avocado toast were very tasty. Also had the chocolate chip pancake which was good considering the ingredients.We stopped in to have brunch and did not want to leave. 
You know that feeling when you walk in a place and everything is perfect? That's Pure Sweets.
The owner is extremely helpful & accommodating and answered all of our questions.  She also makes every customer feel at home. 
Their organic plant-based, gluten-free menu is incredible and we even got some to go (the cake balls were my favorite dessert, but we also like the cookies and scones).
Things we can recommend (although we want to try more in the future):
The Nachos are incredible. 
Brioche French Toast is sinfully delicious.  Voluptuous.
(They've discovered the perfect cinnamon to apple to toast ratio).
Sexiest Waffles we've ever had in our lives. 
Breakfast Burrito is hearty and extremely good.
Avocado Toast is to die for.
They also make really yummy teas and homemade hot sauces. 
The atmosphere is super chill, comfortable, spacious and bright.  We couldn't help but notice so many regulars that love to hang out there. 
Love the vibe.
Do yourself a favor and try to check everything out on the menu. We will.My Philly fave for so many reasons:  Organic ingredients, Gluten Free, environmentally conscious, high-vibe food with amazing flavor fusion, cold-pressed organic juices in glass!!!!, amazing desserts, attention to detail, professional staff, Tuffy the dog, and last but not least the phenomenal multi-course dinners Andrea the owner occasionally crafts like magic for a semi-private dining event unlike any other.   
I've been a long standing customer since P.S. and Co. opened and this review is long overdue but at this point well established.  The owner Andrea really knows how to pair flavors and has put together some wonderful juices, smoothies, pizzas, salads, soups, desserts...etc for her customers.  This is a great cafe for grab and go, but also if you want to sit and take a break from the city in a really cool and chill atmosphere.  All items are gluten free, plant strong, and organic.  For those who think this is a high-priced place, the price is reflected in the quality of ingredients and is competitive.  As Hippocrates says, "Let food be thy medicine" and it is definitely my medicine and my health care.  When I'm not making it myself at home this is my go to place because I know I can trust where the food comes from and how it is made. And I love that it's being made by people who have a close relationship with food and understand the concept of health through food.  After all, we are what we eat.  
For anyone who gets the chance to partake in one of P.S. and Co's Friday night or Saturday night multi-course dinners (they are done at various times throughout the year), please treat yourself.  The themes change but the food is always great and courses well-paired.  My favorite dinner was Silk Road which featured a Burmese influenced menu with cabbage rolls and dumplings and curried rice.  Other favorites of these weekend dinners have been the Kale and Pesto Lasagna, Butternut Squash Mac and Cheese, pretzels with a vegan cheese board, Pot de Creme, Chocolate Pumpkin Tart...I always think of the people down the street at Parc who don't know what they are missing.  It's a BYOB evening and you can take advantage of their phenomenal juices to use as a mixer-I would recommend the Tulum with pineapple and cilantro.
It's warming up outside so it's a great time to pop in and grab a juice or a kale and avocado salad, check out a themed night (taco, pizza, burger and shakes), or ask about the next multi-course dinner.  If you're in to awesome food and you're in to good health then you won't be disappointed.This is a beautiful space to have a healthy lunch where you can eat whatever you want and don't need to feel guilty.... I am Burmese, and I loved the healthier versions of the soups I love- the jalapeno corn, Burmese coconut, and mohinga, DELISH!  The Vegan ceasar salad was amazing as well. I am not vegan, but am health conscious, and this was the best vegan/gluten free meal I have ever had, in fact, I cannot believe it was vegan because it was so yummy. The juices were amazing too.Paying $12 for a small pre-made salad would make you think the food is out of this world...it's not. It's decent, no complaints, but nothing worth going back for either. Varied menu with many options for people with dietary restrictions, but again, not justified by the prices.The food is amazing. I don't know how they do it. It's all super healthy, gluten-free, and every time I have gotten food from here (eat-in or take-out), it's good. Forbidden burrito, avocado pesto sandwich, chickpea curry, quinoa burger.... all great!!!!P S & DON'T GO
Came here for brunch with my boyfriend... 12 hours later and our stomachs are still upset. The menu tries too hard to bring in alternative versions of non-vegan food. It is pretty overpriced... we spent around $40 on just two dishes and some coffee. 
Menu aside, overpriced dishes aside... the service was disappointing. We waited almost 15 minutes for our "still water" to get to the table, and then had to remind our server twice about our coffee. To top it off, we would continually get other tables orders placed at our table and our orders would go someplace else. We got a burrito instead of the taco, and their legendary hot sauce and jalepenos didn't come until we had already finished half of the dish!!
Highly overrated. Only go for the insta.Really great food particularly their kale salad, macaroons and cookies. The soups are pretty good as well, although as someone who needs high protein foods, the tofu add-on does not cut it and makes the meals ridiculously expensive. The only real down side is the high price even with my student discount. I appreciate the owner offering that, though!. There were a few times when the cookies I bought were dried out, and when i took them back to the store, they were replaced. Hard to justify a $4 cookie if it's not perfect.
 It's impossible to find this quality nutrition in a fast-food format, so my wallet is bleeding for a good reason. Also a little disappointed that this place does not have WIFI and as I was told, does not want to encourage people/students to study, but rather have cafe-goers talk to one another. Unfortunately I'm not one of those people who has copious amounts of leisure time and money, so if you're like me, you are forced to find a Starbucks or Saxby's to do your work and pop over to PS and Co when you take a break. Overall, their food is just what health conscious people need. In fact, I crave their kale salad multiple times per week. Pretty funny! Oh, and also, beautiful decor inside.
BIG CON: High employee turnover, and the new people don't seem to be as nice and friendly as the old slew.We stopped in to P S & Co for breakfast on a chilly Sunday morning.  What a FEAST for the eyes!  The shop is just so welcoming and gorgeous.  I took about 15 pictures while waiting for our food, it was pure eye candy.  
My husband chose the avocado on millet toast and I had the breakfast tacos.  Both were amazing and came to the table quickly.  While we were waiting, the kind gentleman working behind the counter offered us a free sample of the kale smoothie, as well as the Almond Elvis.  SO, SO GOOD.  
Unfortunately, we were heading out of town or we would try this place for lunch as well.  The menu looks fantastic, so we definitely will make a trip back soon!  We've found it more difficult to find plant-based breakfast options, so If you're looking for a wonderful place to enjoy vegan fare, this is it!if you're looking for an economical satisfying lunch... AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS!!!!
lol i have very bipolar feelings about this place.  i want to love it but i really can't .. mostly because my wallet won't let me.  so i stopped in today to grab a salad.  never been.. but saw some glowing reviews on yelp so i thought "heeey what the duck, lemme try!"
so i got the sunflower seed caesar salad.... $13.50 after tax O_O!!!!! my insides ached a little bit T_T;; but partially my fault too b/c i just love trying new places...  surely, the salad is more unique than your ubiquitous saladworks.  the sunflower seed caesar is mostly kale based, finely chopped, and mixed with a lighter hue of romaine.  it comes with dried up shiitake mushrooms that taste like bacon and some crunchy peas that reminds me of those wasabi peas.... it's served with a miso dressing which adds to the nice fusion mix.  everything tastes mighty fine.  not gonna lie, it definitely tastes snazzy compared to your regular saladworks.  but i really dunno if the taste and its fancy organic properties can truly justify the premium price! heck i don't even like that much dressing on my salad and i doused the whole saucer of dressing into my bowl to get every ounce of what i paid for.  (btw DON"T DO THIS! b/c it ended up being too salty and ... spicy?!) 
so all in all, the cafe has a beautiful organic setting.  very down to earth and relaxing ambiance.  not a bad place to chill on a sunday afternoon.  but sadly for me, i cannot afford this luxury salad daily.  i'm sure it's aimed to a different target group since it is located at the heart of center city next to rittenhouse.  i probably wont be returning anytime soon unfortunately.. 
just trying to give people a heads up before coming here~Many of the positives mentioned in other reviews are spot on. The décor is lovely; the service was friendly, and the prices are very high. Having lived in Boston, Los Angeles, and London and frequented many restaurants and cafes specializing in organic food, I was quite surprised by how high the prices were for such small portions. But, lest I prompt the owner to respond to the myriad comments about prices with a sanctimonious rant about how happy obese Philadelphians should be about P.S.'s reasonable prices, let me say that if you want to spend lots of money to eat, that's your prerogative. The big problem with this place is not its price; it's the terrible food.
The muffins were, in a word, inedible. As someone who eats gluten-free not by choice but by necessity, I've had a vast range of gluten-free items. The corn muffin had an excessively granular texture and lacked flavor. The mango chutney on top was not sufficient to lend the muffin sufficient flavor. The chocolate banana muffin was better but incredibly dense--characteristic of much poor gluten-free baking. A little baking power goes a long way. The issue here is not whether ingredients are organic, fair-trade, etc. The baking is simply poor.Opens at 7.  I came here since they have milk shakes and freshly made juices.  They have some unique combinations but when I went, there were only 5 or 6 types available.  It is quite expensive.  It is a boutique place with food and has seating.  No printed receipts, it's through email, no marketing materials sent to me yet.I was very disappointed with this place. I'll start by saying that the ambiance is lovely and the staff was helpful. That said, the food was very much lacking for everyone in my group. Several of us had the curry chickpea salad, which was certainly better warm, but I tasted very little curry or, indeed, any flavor. Overall, it tasted like a weeknight dish that my wife and I would whip up after work. The smoothie I sampled was good but, again, truly tasted like a smoothie that we make at home. Perhaps if the prices were lower I wouldn't feel so unhappy but spending $30 on two people for not very much food (we got snacks about an hour after eating) seems utterly ridiculous to me.  I'm not someone who minds spending money on decent organic food but this place is way overpriced for what you get. I'm glad others enjoy it but I will not be back!This place is so lovely . Very sweet staff, so many options for people who have food allergies. The tastiest dairy free & gluten free tiramisu I have ever had the pleasure of eating. there are green leafy plants everywhere & the atmosphere is truly dreamy and unique. I would move to philly just to eat their baked goods!My first thought upon walking in here was that whoever designed this wonderland had both impeccable taste and very deep pockets. Everything is perfect. I absolutely loved the exposed brick and butcher-paper wall signage, as well as the light fixtures made of glass bottles. Every inch of the decor was planned and executed well, so props for that. Plus, the space is a lot larger than it seems! They have extra seating out front and also a room in the back. 
I was here around lunchtime on their third day and it was very crowded. My friend and I just wanted a juice and after standing around for a few minutes being confused, we flagged down someone who told us they were in the refrigerator at the end of the counter. So, we each selected a juice out of the middle of the refrigerator. They were in beautiful glass bottles and were some sort of lemon and mint flavor- I was so excited! We hopped back in line and waited until we got up to the cash register, only to be told that we couldn't have those juices. They were for a special order and the ones for customers were out of eye-level, up on the left side, in disappointing plastic cups. They also only had a single flavor, which was some sort of ginger with turmeric. After seeing the other one, this juice seemed like a total downgrade. I also don't like spice in my juices at all, but we had no choice. We bought the $8 juices and they were good, but not fantastic. While in the store, we heard the seemingly-overwhelmed employees trying to dodge lots of issues- namely that most of their menu (including all the sandwiches and wraps) wasn't available yet since they were so new.
I think this place has a ton of potential and I want to go back just to see it again. However, they should have tried to roll out with a bang and have all their options ready  because they likely lost quite a few customers. I also took home a menu to explore further and have to say- this place is seriously overpriced. I know that amazing vegan food is hard to find (and they probably have pretty steep rent to cover), but I would never spend that much on a small salad. The only box of cookies that I picked up and looked at in the store was $18... so take that as you will. Maybe come to lunch here to celebrate winning the lottery?First off the place is beautiful inside and spacious. The menu items were not my favorite however and the food was average. My gf enjoyed it however. Personally would not come back.Everything about my recent experience at P.S. & Co.'s Friday dinner was disappointing.  My friend requested that we go there in honor of her birthday, and I was happy to oblige.  However, the reservation process was annoying, to say the least, and spoke volumes of how much room for improvement the staff has in running a restaurant/cafe.  I first called two weeks prior to my reservation date and spoke with Jacqueline (not sure of the spelling).  She took down my name, contact info, and the date I was calling to reserve.  I asked if I needed to purchase a voucher on the website and she assured me I could simply pay the bill after the meal.  (I also asked if they did anything special for birthdays, and she said, no, but assured me I could bring something in or purchase another dessert; really???)  The following day, Andrew called to tell me that my reservation had not been notated correctly and inquired as to the date of the reservation.  I told him the date and thought we were all set.  Not quite.  The Thursday before the dinner at approximately 8:30 PM, I received a voicemail from Andrew, informing me that the dinner was fully booked and in order to honor my reservation, they would now require a credit card number to hold my spot.  Less than a half hour later, while I was on my way to get my credit card, I received another phone call from Andrew, again requesting my credit card number and telling me that if my party didn't show up we would be charged the price of one setting.  I don't understand why it took so many phone calls to get to this point.  They should have gotten all the information they needed when I first called to make the reservation.  I could understand if they were calling the day before to confirm the reservation, as many other restaurants do, but the way this all unfolded left a bad taste in my mouth even before the dinner.
The dinner itself was underwhelming.  The tables were extremely close together, so there was no way to have a private conversation with my friend.  When the guy at the table next to ours burped after the meal, I wanted to say, excuse you, but I didn't.  The food itself was okay, but nothing to write home about.  I understand that yes, everything is fresh and organic and local and all that jazz, but other than those attributes, there was nothing notable about the food.  In addition, because there was only one server for the entire room, it was a chore flagging him down for water and juice refills.
Finally, the bill came and I asked about a small partnership discount that is a feature of my membership to a health clinic.  At first, Andrew told me he didn't know about the discount but that he would ask the owner.  When I stated that I had seen the discount on the website, Andrew assured me that if that were the case they should honor the terms.  Andrew then came back and stated that the discount did not apply to the Friday dinners.  When I stated that the website explicitly included the Friday dinners in the discount, he asked me to go and show the owner where on the website the discount was stated.  I pulled up on my phone the website of my health clinic and showed it to Andrew.  Andrew stated that it was a mistake and that the discount didn't apply.  Because it was my friend's birthday dinner and this exchange was taking up too much time, I decided to drop the issue.  Perhaps the erroneous website information was not the fault of P.S. & Co., but if they're offering a discount they should have made sure that the terms were communicated correctly.  In any other instance, at any other restaurant, they would have honored the discount or done something to smooth things over.  (And to add insult to injury, when I later received my emailed receipt from Square, I noticed that they increased the amount of tip I left.  I know I left a tip of $18.00 but somehow it had grown to $18.79 when they charged it.  While the increase isn't much, to change the amount I was ultimately charged is definitely sketchy, if not illegal.)
What I did not like about my experience with P.S. & Co. is that their attitude is "it's our way or the highway."  Their focus is on what they perceive to be important, whether it's the food, drinks, or decor.  Clearly, their focus is not on the customer experience.  While this attitude may be palatable for some, I would rather support an eating establishment that actually cares about whether or not I go home happy.