This is a solid burger spot. Everything about it is just what i want from a burger place. Friendly people, interesting burgers, cooked well, and good prices. Even the sodas are better than everywhere else.I tried this place out lastnight.  It was amazing.  I had the juicy burger that had mushrooms and carmelized onions and my friend had the Punk burger.  Both were delicious.  We also share the homemade mozzarella sticks and fries.  The staff were super sweet and very helpful in making my selections.  I will definitely be going back there.This was one of the best burgers I have had. Very friendly service and reasonably priced.Burgers are solid, but damn, the tots are why I keep coming back. Good vibes, fast service, doesn't feel crowded even when it's busy...nice price point for a too-lazy-to-cook night.Love the Cali Burger, fries and the milkshakes!  A little bit of a wait for your food, but a good atmosphere to be with friends.  Cash-only kills me because I always underestimate how much I will spend and have to deal with the ATM fee.The food is average. The service is average. Don't bother to ask the servers what items on the menu are. They reply we don't eat here or know if people like the food. Go if you are in the neighborhood and craving a burger but I wouldn't go out of your way to come here. Also it's cash only.How do you only have one person serving and hosting and expect things to run smoothly??
 Let me start off by saying the milkshakes were fantastic... But when it takes an hour to get your beverage it kind of ruins everything else. 
I really wanted to like this place... It had so much potential! Potential only goes so far though.
I went here with my boyfriend on a Wednesday night, and we had a groupon for 2 specialty burgers, a basket of fries, and 2 milkshakes. We stood in the doorway waiting to be seated for about 5 minutes and we were told to sit anywhere we liked, so we picked a spot near the door. After another ten minutes the server comes back with the menus and explains how everything works and goes to wait on another party. After an additional 10-15 minutes he returns to take our orders and then we wait. 
While waiting a few more parties enter and are forced to stand and wait by the door while this poor server is running back and forth. I'm not sure if he was unaware of the people standing there or just too busy to care. At one point he tries to offer the arcade table to a couple and they refuse so my boyfriend volunteers us to move to that table (30 minutes have passed and no food or milkshakes). That table hadn't been cleaned yet so we wait another 10 minutes for the server to run back and forth to all the other tables before returning to clean the arcade table. 
Once seated at our new table we are still forced to wait longer for our food. At which point the server comes back and states that the guy making the milkshakes is swamped and he's sorry we haven't gotten those yet. And then miraculously our burgers and fries make an appearance. The boyfriend got the big man on campus (it was supposed to be medium rare... It was not) and I got the punk burger (swapped with a turkey patty, which was dry). Fries were decent. 3/4 of the way through our food we finally got our milkshakes. At this point I really wanted it all to be over with
So we wait another 10 minutes for him to come back with the check, and I knew ahead of time there would be a service fee... But I did not know it would be $8, and that they'd expect additional tip on top of that. Displeased, was I. 
In conclusion... The groupon was pointless and I won't be going back.So you need to start with a milkshake. On a warm late spring or summer night. While sitting outside. And order a make-your-own (...or signature) burger.
Basically, go there right now. Except not at the time of this posting because it's 10 p.m. and they're now closed. Just.. go there soon.Awesome little burger joint. All organic meat and it's cooked to perfection. Just the right amount of food. The Nutella milkshake is a must! You must try this place. Note it's BYOB.Strolled by a few times since they opened and it was packed each time so finally saw some opening today & stopped in for lunch.  Disclaimer - opening week so some snags to be expected.
Pros:
- Burger was seasoned well but didn't have that nice char on the outside.
- Woman owner was running her butt off & still managed to check with everyone to see how their meal was & thanked people for their patience, makes me happy to spend my money where someone appreciates their customers having a good experience. 
Cons:
- The prices are really up there.  I mean so up there that it's enough to make me not go back. $30.00 for 2 people to have some burgers and 4 onion rings (yes 4)each is too steep.  I am very willing to pay more for organic, local ingredients but these prices are out of my range for sure as I imagine they will be for many people based on the conversations that were going on around the table.
- Crazy small in there, the long table is a big mistake in my opinion, more tables along that wall would have been a better option. Especially now in the winter when we all have big bulky coats, we were literally sitting on top of each other which is pretty awkward when you're eating finger food not to mention you can't have anything resembling a "private" conversation with the close quarters.  The seats along the wall didn't seem much better as the line from the counter stretches down the skinny aisle and people were standing over the folks eating at the tables. Also there was 1 guy who seated himself at a 4 top, come on dude that's not cool but there needs to be some signage or something about seating etiquette.
- They were out of regular french fries (they did have sweet potato) but I saw a guy walking in with what I thought was a case of fries & they were still telling people no fries, hmm.  No fries already, I was so bummed.
- It's freezing in there, when the door opened we were all cringing.
- The guy taking my order was quite confused & then admitted it was his first day so I can't blame him for not giving me my soda cup & then afterwards also not giving me a lid or straw to go with it but still, it was annoying.
- The bun was cold which was hard to get past but it had already been over 35 mins since we ordered and I needed to get to my hair appointment so I didn't bother saying anything b/c they seemed pretty overwhelmed which again the place is so new I understand that part but the burger was also much smaller than I expected when I saw the prices.  Maybe they just forgot to toast my bun, and the rest of the burger.
- they are cash only but I didn't see that posted anywhere on the menu or in the restaurant so I had to use their ATM.  I guess they are used to people not knowing about that b/c when they told me about the ATM they offered to refund the $2.50 service charge, which was cool.
I hope this place takes a look at all the feedback about the prices and esthetics of the place b/c I really want them to be successful.I was in here recently and it was great! The food was amazing! My friend and I both got beef burgers (with different items on them) and they were delicious! Everything we ordered was really good. The service was good as well! I'd definitely come here again and again!! Once of the best burger places in the area in my opinion!I love this place. Quality food and great options that aren't beef. The Juicy Philly and Wasabi Ahi are my two favorites. Fries are great as well but MUCH better when you eat them in-house. They get soggy if your order is to-go. Other bonuses: they serve Little Baby's ice cream and Maine Root fountain sodas.Going on 2 hours for a delivery order 3 blocks away. I would only give them 1 star but the food is worth another star.  
Also, dining in has always been inconsistent. Pick-up somehow takes forever as well. If the burgers weren't so good I'd stop eating here completely. 
UPDATE: It is now 10:45 pm. I placed my delivery order at 8:45 when I got home. My food is lukewarm, my fries are soggy and this meal cost me $24.Went on Sunday around lunch and even with the special lunch price, I thought it was to expensive,  We hardly received any fries (Just warm, not super hot like I love them).  Flavor was good but I just cannot justify it for the price.  I would rather get a burger somewhere else for that price.  I only see myself going back when they are open late!Certainly not terrible. Definitely not good. Ordered a burger medium, it came out more than well done. Same was true for everyone at the table. They probably grind their own meat (which is great!), but I reasoned this because I found a chip of bone in my burger (which is bad!). My wife got guacamole on her burger, and it was all brown. My brother in law got an over easy egg on his burger, and it was almost uncooked. 
The place is new, so I'm willing to try it again. However, they need to step up their burger game. Nearby Fountain Porter's burger is significantly better quality, better prepared, and half the price. 
I won't waste my time going back here until these guys have figured out how to use their own grill. Maybe a few more months?My friend and I went here for lunch, and it was a great experience. She ordered the Big Man on Campus which is essentially a bacon cheeseburger, but everything is cooked inside the patty. I ordered the Jalape単o burger which included pepper jack cheese and pico de Gallo. The vegetables were so fresh! The patty didn't have much flavor, but I could see how they didn't want it to overpower the toppings. In addition to pre-designed burgers, you had the option to build your own. Our burgers came out within ten minutes of ordering. We got the lunch combos which came to $13 each; combos included burger, fries, and unlimited fountain drink. The fries were amazing! They were super tiny but very crunchy and tasty. The fountain drink wasn't your average soda but a company by the name of Maine Root. My friend thought I was crazy for getting the Blueberry Soda. It was sooo good though, and she thought so too! The smell is very overpowering, but the taste is delicious. Be advised that this place is cash only with very limited seating.good burger, kick-ass milkshake.  not my favorite burger in the city, but certainly worthwhile.  would be nice if the server checked to see if a table full of adults wanted to split checks, but that seems to be a local issue, not a P'unk Burger issue.The fact that P'unk Burger is BYOB is e-v-e-r-y-t-h-i-n-g!
Just had the burger of the month--the Jalapeano Burger--and BOY was it delicious. Just spicy enough (although with a name like that and the number of jalapeano things on it, probably not spicy enough--but whatever!)
My better half can't bring himself to order anything but the Cuban Reuban whatever it's called. I don't even know what's on it because by the time it comes it's gone! 
Definitely can't leave without a milk shake. I've tried. It's just not possible!!!!
The ONLY thing that would make us weekly regulars (which maybe is a good thing that we aren't, says my cholesterol) is CASH ONLY! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE CHANGE THIS!!! So annoying (especially with how high tech y'all are!)Two words: vegan milkshakes. If your diet is gf, df, vegetarian, or vegan, I'd highly recommend this place! Absolutely phenomenal burgers with amazing add-on toppings, cheeses, and so on. Amazing!Love the make-your-own menu!! Super tasty, fun vibe, great staff. Great neighborhood place. Definitely coming back especially since it's so hard to find a great burger these days - what happened to the classics?? 
Also it's BYOB, so grab a beer from the bottle shop (which isn't a favorite of mine, but it'll do).I put this as the best place I ate in philly. .. I will be coming back here every time I visitP'unk Burger was great! Food was good. Service was good. Great place for a quick, casual bite to eat!We order from here ALL of the time! Their gluten free options have stolen my heart and made burgers enjoyable again  I get so excited by all of the options that my burger is normally too big to even fit in my mouth -- oh, and their fries and tots are awesome!Coming from Australia, I love a good burger. This place does not disappoint on the quality. The burgers were gourmet without being pretentious. The restaurant itself is casual and despite it being busy, I could hear my friend talking to me. The menu had enough variety without being too much.
Good:
- variety
- quality ingredients
- tasty
- great, fast service (but not in a 'eat quick and get out' kind of way)
- no cards but an ATM in house
Not so good (but not enough to stop me coming back):
- a little on the pricey side
- it was 90F outside and almost the same inside. Turn on the air please.The beef burgers are absolutely amazing, everything I have had from them has been delicious. I was surprised to see comments about long delivery times, we order delivery pretty often and haven't had that problem with them. It's a short menu of things they do really well.Fries were really good! 
Tuna burger looks small but is really thick so quite filling. And rare! Which is the only way to respectfully eat tuna.
Wish the bun came toasted automatically. Other than that, no gripes.P'unk Burger might be my favorite restaurant in all of Philly. Marlo couldn't be more wonderful, the wait staff is warm and helpful, and the food is top notch. Everything they serve is chosen carefully and is largely local. You have to try the mozzarella sticks--they're phenomenal. I always order my own burger (beef with truffle oil, blue cheese, and peppercorn bacon--you're welcome!) but the burgers they have on their menu are especially good, also (try the P'unk for starters!). You can't go wrong here. I take every friend who visits from out of town here, as well as folks who have lived here for years--no one leaves disappointed!Solid burgers with loads of variety or customization. I liked the fries just fine but my friend was not a fan. Service was good--a bit slow but it was a busy Saturday night--staff was very friendly and pleasant. We will definitely be back.UPDATE: I'm upgrading my rating. I went back to P'unk Burger a few days after opening night because I wanted to try something else. It was a lot more calm than opening night, obviously. The Slice burger blew me away. Fried mozzarella, tomato sauce, and a perfectly cooked burger. So good.
A great aspect of this place is its organic ingredients. I'm not someone who eats all organic or anything, but it definitely feels good to go out for a burger and fries and not feel awful afterwards. 
I'm rooting for this place a lot, I highly recommend it.Second and last visit.  Buns were stale; cheese not melted onto burger. Over priced.  $35 for 2 burgers, 1 shake and a soda!!!!  I wouldn't have minded if it were good.Funky little burger spot on East Passyunk Ave in South Philly.  Food is great.  We had Ahi Tuna Burger with wasabi and regular burger with smoked Gouda and turkey bacon.  Milkshake creamy.  Everything very very good.  Service is pleasant and accommodatingI REALLY wanted to like this place. What's not to love about organic burgers? Upon our arrival on a Thursday evening, the place was vacant. The woman working was super friendly and informative. I ordered the P'unk Burger while my boyfriend ordered the Big Man on Campus, an order of fries and a chocolate milkshake. Our food came out hot and everything looked great. As I said before, I really wanted to like this place...the place was clean and inviting, staff was friendly, and all menu items were organic....the burgers just weren't that good, especially considering the price.Great spot for grabbing a burger and fries.  Burger and roll was fresh and delicious.  Sweet potato fries also good.  Shakes could be habit forming.  Glad we don't live close.  Staff are very friendly and helpful.  It is not big, so be prepared to wait a little.  It is cash only but  they have a cash machine.  Also can BYOB.  Will be back for another burger and fries.  They also have Gluten Free etc.  Also ordered burgers Medium and it was darn close.Almost bought a groupon for them and at the last minute noticed that it was mon-thurs only,LAME! 
I passed. So one night my family was strolling along and said, "HEY LETS TRY PUNK BURGER"... We walk in, CASH ONLY???? It's a brand new restaurant. Get with the times! We walked right out. Not going to even try based on other reviews on here and from people I know who weren't happy.
Go to fuel instead!
Note to owner: after seeing your (what I would call) unprofessional responses to bad reviews I would say 1. You shouldn't have opened a restaurant if you can't give it the time and attention it needs, 4 kids or not. 2. I think you should brush up on your interpersonal skills and stop making excuses and then giving a not so genuine apology. I recommend you show some tender loving care to your establishment before it becomes another ghost of the avenue. 3. Learn how to schedule proper amount of employees during shifts. 4. Accept credit cards, you'd make a lot more money!First time here last night to have some casual dinner out with my wife and sister. Turned out a great experience. We ordered p'unk burger and big man on campus with half and half fries and the shake, of course, almond milk with smores shake. 
The burgers were so juicy, love the insanity bacon and the fried mozzarella and thin cut fries, not too oily and fried for perfection. Definitely will come back again myself or with friends for some quick casual lunch between lunch break. Go have a seat outside during some beautiful weather, and enjoy the vibe of east passyunk. A lovey experience.Burgers are good but not great. On the plus side, both of our burgers were cooked exactly as ordered.  At many other places , I order my burger medium rare and have to send it back because it is more than well done.  The regular fries were pretty tasteless. 
If you're in the area and want a decent burger definitely stop by. But not worth making a special trip for.I tried the pulled portabella, tasty and great quality ingredients, but for close to $11 I can't really justify coming here too often. For that much in a South Philly take out joint I expect to get a meal, but it felt more like a snack.I haven't been this conflicted since trying to decide if it was appropriate to get an erection during Cercei's naked walk of shame on Game of Thrones. 
I recently bitched about burger culture and how it caused me to pay $17 for a burger, fries and shake at Shake Shack so when the price for a burger and fountain drink came to $15 here I was ready to complain in the like.
Then I tried the burger and was reminded of Homer Simpson and his "Urge to kill, lessening. " I'm getting a little ahead of myself so I'll start at the beginning. 
On my way into the joint, I noticed the special board and was intrigued by the Jalape単o burger ($12). It was fortuitous that I glanced at that board because I walked in, saw some tables and a counter and walked up to it. There was no discernible menu or menu board visible. The girl greeted me and instead of asking any questions I just blurted out, Jalape単o burger and a drink, paid my money and waited. 
I probably didn't do it right. I planned on eating in. They didn't ask if I wanted it to go or not. When the burger was done, they handed it to me expertly stapled into a bag. I thought maybe the seats get waited on so I took my burger and went to my car. 
It was there that I finally tried it. Good lord all of the negative ways I was feeling about the confusing service and the price were washed away by one of the best burgers I've ever eaten. Between the chopped peppers and the 1732 bacon,  spicy cheese, the perfect bun and thick grilled burger, I was in heaven. While I still think $12 is a lot for any burger, I can't deny that it wasn't worth it. 
Once I figure out how to see what kind of burgers they offer, I can't wait to go back and try another one. A friend likened it to the burger equivalent of Pizzeria Beddia without the 45 min wait and I can't help but agree. Both places are must try destination spots in Philly.Sooooooooo gooood!!! Love it from the natural punk swagg cool burger names and Mexican imported sodas!!Second visit to P'unk burger. This time I got the tuna burger and it was delicious! Perfectly cooked tuna with just a light sear. The burger was topped with a spicy wasabi slaw on a delicious fluffy bun.
The wait time is still fairly long, roughly 20-30 minutes, even when the restaurant is not full. The beef burgers are still woefully over cooked. Word to the wise, ask for it rare if you want any hint of pink.I am a Brooklyn, NY guy with a love for Philly. I try to hit a new food spot or two every time I'm in Philly. This spot is great. Very good burgers. The employees are very kind, friendly and make you feel welcomed. Definitely a good spot to hit up!Just visited here for lunch. The B&W shake was amazing!! I mean, it's Nutella and Vanilla, so really, how could it have been anything short of amazing. I also really loved the sweet potato fries. I got the seasonal BBQ Burger with bacon, Gouda, barbecue sauce, and Guinness caramelized onions. It was very good, but super greasy. Believe me, I know it's a burger and it's supposed to be greasy, but it was just hard to eat because of that. The service was also solid... Not hovering but helpful when needed. All in all, I would definitely come back.Disappointing.  Thought the burger quality was very poor and tasteless.  There's no air conditioning.  My friend got burned by hot lava cheese.  
I really don't mean to be rude.  It just didn't come across as a good quality meal.  I will say the servers were nice.  
I live very close by but I would not eat there again.
All in all I would rather go to Shake Shack or Five Guys any day of the week.Lamb "Greek burger" came topped with a big piece of falafel. My bad for not catching the fact before ordering that falafel isn't Greek, but hey whatever, maybe it blends in nice with everything else. But no, falafel was dry, not very good and completely dominated each bite, being as the dense, overcooked and underseasoned patty of lamb couldn't compete with it. There was a paltry dab of tzatziki sauce or the like but that couldn't begin to save it. Even if the patty was good and there was no falafel it would have needed more creaminess and/or cheese. Feta cheese on the Greek burger instead of falafel perhaps? Just a thought guys. Anyway it was quite possibly the least flavorful lamb anything I've had anywhere. The waitress seemed nice and understanding enough when I told her some of this but said she had "no power" to take anything off the check. I didn't ask her to, though it would have been appropriate. She said she was going to try to get a hold of the owner; I don't know if she did or not. Anyway, I was charged I believe a dollar less than full price. 
There are so many new restaurants around here I can't keep up. I'm not made of money you know, East Passyunk Avenue. We actually went here today because Stargazy is still getting used to demand/volume and was out of a ton of stuff. And thus there is no reason to give gimmicky-named P'unk Burger a second chance, there's just too much other great food. I can't imagine this joint surviving for a very long time.First I was afraid, I was petrified. Kept thinking I could never live without you by my side...Ok, I'll be honest, I was a little scared to eat here after all the bad reviews (which were unfair!!!) after the first few weeks of opening. Let me tell you, you need to give this place a chance and I think you will fall in love.
We came on a Thursday evening, not crowded, greeted by a very friendly female staff, I wish I would have gotten her name. She told us to sit anywhere and brought out menus, bottled water and welcomed us to P'unk. 
I enjoyed the decor, it was modern, fun, funky, clean, bright and cozy, except when the front door opened but it'll be warm soon so who cares. I ordered the Big Man on Campus burger it was so juicy and flavorful. The bun was able to handle the juicy meat, brioche bun allowed the burger to stay in tacked. The cheese within the meat was so amazing and the double bacon, #ICantEven...It was great!!! 
My partner ordered the turkey burger because he's trying to be healthy and he enjoyed it too. He loved the place as much as I did. We are very happy to have this establishment within a mile from our house because West and East Passyunk was definitely missing a good burger joint that P'unk has now filled. 
Don't get me started on the truffle Pommes Frites, crispy and plentiful. So, to everyone who was complaining about the size of the burger and the portions, I don't know what you are talking about? I can eat and so can my partner and we were full, still had plenty of fries left. Also, I read a lot of customers complaining about the prices, I thought they were appropriate for the quality, atmosphere, location and portion. 
P'unk Burger, welcome to the neighborhood, wishing you many years of success and looking forward to dining with you many more times.Tried this place out for restaurant week. The waiting time for food to be served was quite long since it was the first day of restaurant week. Nonetheless, the waitress kept calm and was very nice to us. We ordered from restaurant week menu so that's a burger, a side, and a shake for each of us. My friends and I loved everything we ordered. Definitely will come back.Great place!  We had the Ahi Tuna burger and the punk burger.  Good food, good service!EXPENSIVE!!! I have been eagerly waiting for this place to open for some time now. I live on the Ave and feel this neighborhood could use a good, well-priced burger and fry place. Unfortunately this is not it. In all fairness,  the burger was pretty good: well seasoned, cooked to the right temperature and quality beef. The onion rings weren't bad either (even though I couldn't eat two of them bc they left the paper on the onion). My biggest issue is the price. Burgers start at $8 and go up from there. $1 for chesse, $1 for lettuce (?!!), $1 for tomato  and $1.75 for bacon. You are at $13 for a bacon cheeseburger before even adding fries or a drink! When I heard this place was coming I certainly didn't think it would be a $20-a-head place. There are too many good options on the Ave close to the same price point for this place to last long.One of the best burgers I've eaten anywhere, bar none. I got the seasonal bacon apple cheddar burger with the regular French fries with truffle oil and it was outstanding. The Maine root sodas (get a 1/2 blueberry, 1/2 ginger beer mix for a refreshing treat) were the perfect edition to an excellent brunch. Will definitely hit up again in future travels.A much more favorable review for P'unk Burger. The food is always excellent and fresh. In typical nights I have had my deliveries within 20 minutes, 30 max. Decent portions, juicy burgers and tater tots! Love my tots. 
After a delivery debacle last night, where it took 2 1/2 hours for the correct order to finally show up, the owner reached out to me today and took the steps that make it clear they know how to take care of the customer. 
I look forward to my next meal from here!Might have found my new burger spot! The food is delicious and the shakes are amazing. I ordered the jalape単o burger and my girlfriend ordered the always sunny on epa burger. We loved both! As for the shakes, I got the s'mores and she got the vanilla and Nutella. Highly recommend both. 
The atmosphere is cozy and everyone is super nice and welcoming. Will definitely be coming back!We ordered take out the other night via online. Placed the order at 4:55pm and at 5:21pm we had a knock at the door the food was delivered. All of the burgers were HOT and fries and tatter tots were crispy. Just delicious!We live in the neighborhood and are so excited abt p'unk burger! We were seated right away at 8pm on a sat night. Burgers and fries were so good. My only complaint is that $7.50 for a tiny milkshake is highway robbery. I actually Couldn't even bring myself To get one b/c if felt wrong to spend that much.  Other than that this place is perfect!Easily the best burger I've ever had & my server Micheal  was excellent. It's a small place with 5 tables to the right  & one big picnic style bench to the left. I chose the " Always Sunny on EPA " burger , my fav. hands down & I've worked at 2 burger joints. I will be coming back  and I love love love the handcrafted sodasThis place is a great addition to the South Passyunk restaurant scene which lacks a real burger joint. I had the P'unk burger and fries and really enjoyed both. Also, the P'unk burger was just the right side. Large enough to get full if splitting fries with friends but not so large as to put you on the path to buying a whole new wardrobe due to morbid obesity. The staff are friendly and we found parking easily. Also a good place to stop by after a movie at the Riverview as it's open until 10 on school nights and midnight on Friday and Saturday.After PYT took my money from groupon and ran with it (closed down without notice), I was in the search for a new hipster burger joint. A friend and I came for a groupon offer (2 burgers, 2 milkshakes and a order of fries), and everything was fantastic. Our waiter was patient with us as it was our first time there, explaining different burger options, and what was in each milkshake. Fries were the skinny shoe string kind, came in a big basket, definitely enough for 2-3 people to share. I had a p'unk burger but with chicken and he had the big man on campus. Both were solid!
I'm lactose intolerant so I am very fortunate for the vegan options, but unfortunately we came on a Sunday night and they were out of the vegan chocolate and another vegan flavor. I didnt like those flavors so they were even nice enough to write me an IOU on a milkshake so that I could use it next time I'm there, which was awesome!
Overall, a bit pricey IMO, but they are on par with the prices of the neighborhood, and a good quality so it's worth it. Will definitely be coming back.We were trying to find a burger place close to us and thought we would give this place a try. We were very disappointed. 
Food: overlooked and under seasoned burgers. We ordered them cooked medium, they all came out well done. The chef may not have cooked burgers before because the meat was very dry and without seasoning. The grill wasn't cleaned between patties either because we had burned pieces of cheese and meat on the burger. The burnt edges of the burger were inedible and the well done portions had the consistency of liver. 
Drinks: milkshake is a whomping $7 and the b+w barely had any Nutella in it 
Service: poor. I understand it's busy but it would have been nice to see our waitress more than once in the evening. I had to catch the young busboy to get me a to-go box. 
The 2 stars earned were for their fries. Sweet potato fries were yummm but the onion rings were very greasy
Overall, I won't be returning.Just ordered delivery- for a burger, onion rings and iced tea, it was $31 including my tip. It was fast, burger has good flavor but is definitely well done grey through and through (ordered med rare). The bacon on burger is undercooked and fatty/ hard to chew, I took it off the burger and threw it away. Onion rings are over cooked and really dark/hard. I received the wrong iced tea flavor, and didn't receive the side of mayo I ordered when asked about it specifically. I would possibly try here one more time (asking for crispy bacon and for someone to double check everything is correct and in the bag) and see if this was a fluke, or how it always is.. not worth the $$.This place is awesome, and don't let the idiots who wrote negative reviews because they were shocked they had to wait for a table the first day it opened, tell you otherwise. 
It's really wonderful for the average person who wants a burger OR people like myself with various food allergies. You can take anyone here and be happy because of the large variety of everything. Plus it's open til 3 am (!) on Fridays and Saturdays, which is something that this neighborhood was very much missing until now. No, it's not McDonald's burger prices, but it's also not McDonald's quality. If you got a burger or sandwich meal in most restaurants it would be the same price, and these are better quality than the average pub or Applebee's burger. 
Love it here, PLEASE DON'T EVER CLOSE, the vegan milkshakes have changed my life.P'unk Burger is a quality establishment. The owner is super friendly and inviting. The atmosphere is fun and hip, with a playable retro video game table option to boot! Their lunch special is awesome, and their deal with restaurant week was a great introduction to their food, I ordered a yummy cheddar chipotle mayo burger, onion rings, and a very chocolatey milkshake for 15 bucks! They do seem to run out of menu items, which is unfortunate, but I have no other complaints! Want to eat at a good burger joint with unique burger options and a fun environment? Look no further than P'unk Burger.One of my favorite burger place in the Philadelphia area. 
They have a wide selection of burgers to choose from. The fries and shakes are rewlly good as well.
My favorite is their punk burger special with sweet potato fries.
Highly recommended for burger lovers.Cute! So happy for this family-owned burger joint. Great welcoming service. Large portions. Great toping variety. Very health and environmentally conscious for a burger joint. (Hormone free, vegan, etc.) This place will be packed when the weather gets nicer. CASH ONLY. I will be back and will take my visiting family here.This place is legit. We had the stuffed American burger with more American . Also had the regular shoe string fries which were awesome. A half and half Mozzarella stick and Fried pickle Jawn. They were friggen bangin. Milk Shake was on point. Place definitely earns 5* the manager was super cool and wait staff rockedSouth Philly. Our prayers have been answered. We South Philadelphian's no longer need to trek up to northern liberties for a great specialty burger. This is a great and much needed addition to Passyunk. The staff here are extremely kind and friendly. The food was quickly delivered and the price was definitely worth it. For my first meal a P'unk Burger I decided to get the 'big man on campus' with a side order of fried mozzarella. The burger from the top bun down to the bottom bun was nothing short of perfection and the fried mozzarella was the best I've had from anywhere in the city. If you live in South Philly and are craving a burger this is definitely the place to be. They even have late night hours from what I hear which is also a big plus!My second time here went much better than the first time just a few days after they opened. I got the 4th Streeter burger which was very tasty and a milkshake that was smaller then I expected but very good. Not a fan of the long table idea. Probably could make more seating if you traded it for a few smaller tables. The staff is very friendly. If you want an unconventional burger and fries this place will hit the spot.Came here with my sister and three kids. I bought the groupon and I was pretty disappointed burgers were bland and burnt. I also noted everyone's burgers came out with a knife in it and ours did not when my sister asked for a knife she was given a plastic one which barely cut through her burger. My mom just bought a house in the area but it's safe to say we won't be coming back.My girlfriend suggested this spot and boy was it a great suggestion. For sides, we decided to go for the half and half combo of pickle chips and sea salt thin cut fries. For main entrees, I went with the Always Sunny in EPA (which doesn't stand for Environmental Protection Agency as my girlfriend informed me) and she went with the Big Man on Campus. I had mine done medium rare and she had her done medium well. 
The sides came out first and they were delightful. The pickles were battered and fried to perfection. The batter was super crispy and the pickle was still soft and delicous. The fries were really thin cut and amazing. Crispy and soft and I couldn't help but grab several at a time. Now the burger was simply heavenly. The patty was cooked just right and the egg yolk was perfectly runny. The bun was soft but firm and soaked up the yolk just right.Had a nice lunch here today. We took advantage of the lunch special which runs until 3 pm and gets you a burger, fries, and a drink for $13 (or upgrade to a milkshake for $3 extra).
I got the Cali burger (turkey burger with cheese lettuce and guacamole) and it was good. The burger itself couldn't been seasoned a bit more but overall it was tasty. 
We went specifically to try the Girl Scout Cookie inspired milkshakes. I got the thin mint which was delicious and my lunch buddy got the caramel delight which pretty much tasted like a vanilla bean frappe from Starbucks.
I'd go back to try some of their other meals if I'm craving a burger.Great place to go for some healthy splurge food! I ordered the vegan vanilla birch beer shake and it was bomb! My friend got the vegan coconut milk Belgian butter cookie shake that was also Devine! And it's like your fulfilling your cravings without the upset stomach after wards! Veggie burger was really good and shoe string fries are deelish! Deff will be going back for more! Also I love the green chairs and cool decor! Service was also very friendly!  I can't wait to try more of what's on this unique menu!Awesome delicious burger ( big Man on  campus and Punk burger) specially during lunch ($13 lunch combo that comes with fries and drinks) last May 2 where it was our first time and that delightful young lady in black dress served us with par excellence that she made a simple lunch into a great one. So excited to have another burger and dined tonight and ordered the same burger but something was wrong thats why they lose a star. The burger (big man on campus) served was open faced or thats how it looks unlike the one i had during lunch looks pike two different burgers and my friend's punk burger has burnt bacon on it (burnt i guess is fine but too burnt isn't) we still tried to feel good about our burgers as they still tasted good. Usually your burger comes with a knife on top of it but this time it didn't so i tried to catch my server attention but the blond lady on the counter was too busy on Instagram and so are the two other girls behind the counter, the other guy was nice but he was busy punching some things on the screen so I literally stood there in front of the counter less than a foot away and that blond young lady didn't even noticed me hahaha kids nowadays. She is really pretty but so sad to say that its all just a face and not a hard worker specially when she was on her phone the whole nine yards from the time I started eating my burger till I finish. Don't worry the other girl with a pretty thick eyeliner did stop texting because she had to eat french fries hahaha the whole basket itself. On her break maybe she could have sat some where instead of eating standing behind the counter. The lunch lady we had two days ago was so good with her job too bad she set the standards so high that these young college kids working tonight cannot compare. When these kids are on their phone the tables are messy the floor has crumbs and bits all over I feel bad for the owner who is paying them because he doesn't need 4 people behind the counter if its just gonna be self service, one person is enough. And that annoying thin small kid who wears braces who is always there visiting even during lunch and tonight too feeling that it is his playground hahaha i guess he is the owners kid oh well. What to get here is Big Man on campus and the salted avocado shake.I love the organic and gluten free options. Friendly service and good tasty food. It's all good.First time a hostess has ever greeted me by asking, "What are you doing? "  I guess she thought I was going to rob the place.  Whatever.I arrived around 2pm, what would've been considered a lunch rush at any center city restaurant, but it was dead (should've been a red flag, but I walked from center city and was hungry). It wasn't anything like I expected. It's really small and very casual. This might've just been because it was dead, but there isn't a host(ess), so the waitress (who was at the cash register) told me to seat myself. There's a long table with benches that resembles the world's longest picnic table, a good amount of two-person table and chairs, and this cute little kid's seating area by the window.
I don't live in the area, and I would not make a special trip again just to come here. I might come back if I'm in the area, and I'm in the mood for a burger.
I made my own because I love lamb (the main reason I came here was for that), and I really wanted to try the 1732 Meats "garlic insanity bacon." This "lamb"-burger didn't even taste like lamb. It actually didn't have much of a taste to it. When I bit into it, I imagined some sort of NASA test tube fake meat. The 1732 Meats garlic insanity bacon didn't even taste like garlic, more like regular old bacon, which is a huge let down because I've heard wonders of 1732 Meats. The beer + mustard cheddar cheese was great, though, and if I ever come back, I want to get that on a regular beef burger. It wasn't a bad burger, but it wasn't special.
The lettuce and tomato, however, were basically what's left at the supermarket when everyone buys everything else. The lettuce wasn't green at all, and the tomato wasn't very red.
They have self-serve Maine Root soft drinks. It's the only soda I'll drink (though I rarely drink soda anyway), so that was cool. I probably could've refilled it twice without them caring.
The fries were ok.
I think P'unk's redeeming quality is the $13 ANY (literally any) burger, fries, and a drink lunch combo. I built my own lamburger, which should've cost $16 w/o the fries and drink, but all of it was $13. What a steal! 
The food wasn't by any means bad, but I'm glad I didn't pay full price for it. I'd be annoyed if I spent $16 on the "this meat doesn't taste like anything" and "basically regular bacon" burger, and they probably would get two stars in that case.My favorite is Punk Burger with side of sweet potato fries. Ask for their special Punk sauce on the side.Food is good marketing of the Groupon is bad. I spent more than I should and want my money back. The Groupon deal does not include their lunch time menu. I bought one for 12 for 20 worth of food. Greatly disappointed. I should have spent an extra 6 but spent an extra 15 #poormarkeing #badserviceOrdered the amazing P'unk burger. The Ms. ordered a turkey burger with pico de gallo. My burger was amazing. Her burger was inedible. The pico de gallo was more like a pile of pickled jalepenos with a few tomatoes in it. One bite and she was crying (not in a good way). We shared the P'unk burger, which was certainly enough food for the both of us, plus a side tater-tots. The turkey burger went into the trash. 
So, yay for the wonderful P'unk burger. Boo, for the disgusting pico de gallo. Overall, would order from them again, just stick with the tried and true stuff.The ahi burger was absolutely delicious! I'm just visiting Philadelphia but I will dream about that sandwich!Place was open, however, the lady at the counter would not serve or even look at us for minutes before saying the place was closed. It was 11:30 on Saturday and it says they close at 3 AM! Terrible, awful service.Different enough to be interesting, straightforward enough to be welcoming.  Kind of like East Passyunk I guess.
At the end of the day they fill a niche that needed filling on this street and do a fine job of it.  Had the BMOC burger, girlfriend the Cali and both were pleased.  Messy but not sloppy, satisfying with solid service and better than expected fries.  Some call them shoestring fries but not here which I like.  I do not want to eat shoestrings.
Possibly the best thing about this is that it's right next to the Bottle Shop so go grab a beer or two and chill out with a nice juicy hunk of meat.  Mmmmeat!Probably one of the best burger joints I've ever been too. I was recommended by a friend to try out this burger place down on E Passyunk Ave. and how its "to die for". 
Melissa was at the front counter. She was quick to greet us and had us seated within the first 10 seconds of walking in. She was very friendly and made us feel very comfortable like we were at home. She handed us the menus and made a few suggestions regarding some of the items that they had on the menu and a few drink recommendations from their soda dispenser. I am addicted to their blueberry soda. She also stated that they had the best mozzarella sticks. I then took her up on her offer and decided to see whether they were really "the best". 
The food was very quick to come out. It was out within 10-15 minutes after we had ordered. The burger that I constructed from the menu was so succulent, you can taste the freshness from all their ingredients. No crumb was left behind. The mozzarella sticks were just as she said, the best. Oozing with cheesy goodness, the breading was on point, and were fried to perfection! Definitely going back! 
Overall, it was a very positive experience, customer service was great, Melissa is awesome!!! Definitely will be going back soon!My husband and I swung in for a low key dinner.  I got a veggie burger, he got one of the specialty burgers, and we split fries and mozarella sticks.  Mozzarella sticks weren't quite cold, but they def weren't hot.  Fries were fine... nothing I'd go running back for.  My burger was ok too.... and my husband said the same.  The upsetting part of our meal was the service.  Our waitress took our plates with food still on it.  We both had mouths full of food, and she literally took the rest of our dinner away.  I had like 2 bites, but my hubs had like a solid quarter of his burger.  She then brought our check, but instead of giving it to us to review, she saw cash in my husband's hand and offered to take it.  She then brought back change (a ten) that gave no option for a tip...   I can't tip you if you give me a ten back.  I had to wait at the counter to break the 10... where i was given 2 $5's...
All in all- food was fine... ok... decent... acceptable... but wasn't blowing me away.  Service killed the meal.This burger place was fantastic!! My friend called ahead to reserve a table for 10 and they told us that they don't do reservations, but they were kind enough to prepare a table with water and menus before we arrived.
When it was my turn to order, I got a "Big Man On Campus" as a lunch combo (a great deal!!) and oh my goodness it was GREAT! I had been craving a juicy, not too greasy, cheesy burger for awhile now, and oh boy did this do it for me. It did get very messy though, as my whole hand was covered in what I assume to be mostly juice from the tomato and a bit of cheese?? But that's exactly how I envision burgers should be eaten, so that wasn't a problem for me. Also, their fries are nice and thin, so you get an even amount of crispy to fluffy. The fries are served lightly salted, and there is salt and pepper shakers on the table to season the fries to your preference. 
The service was great too! The lady waiting on us today was very polite and patient with us + occasionally checked to see how we were doing. My friends and I agree that we definitely want to come back here again sometime soon :)This was a try-once-and-move-on deal for me.  There are just too many burger joints in the city to accept mediocrity.  Lets start by saying the place has a decent burger-joint vibe, complete with old-school video game console.  The service was decent and it has all the staples you look for in a burger joint; all different kids of burgers prepared all different ways with handmade milkshakes.  I love a milkshake-burger combo with some decent ingredients, i.e., not mcD's.  Now for my cons:  My burger was supposed to be medium, however, it was as well done as well done could be- completely drying it out.  The bun was horrible.  I want to taste my burger, not some gigantic piece of bread.  To make matters worse, it was on the verge of being stale.. ya know what I'm talking about, its a touch hard and crumbly yet still just acceptable for a place to use- i hate that.  Lastly, my poor fries, the thinnest weakest part of the meal, were so rock hard it was like eating hard pretzels.  I may at some point give these guys another shot if I start hearing good thing, but for now Im going to wait.. sucks, bc they have a great idea with no other burger joints on passyunk.As soon as we walked in, I saw the PacMan table. They said, "Sit anywhere." So, my 6'3" frame went to the smallest part of the place. Please move this table into the main restaurant! I got the BMOC, and if you do the same, be careful. A load of cheese shot out after the first bite that would make John Holmes blush. I've had better burgers, but it wasn't bad. The fries were average. I ordered sea salt, but tasted nothing on them. The milkshakes were fantastic,  and the only reason P'unk got 3 stars instead of 2.If I could give a half-star, I would. The service is horrible, we came in and waited at least 25 minutes just to order the sub-par burgers we were served. The waitress played on her phone the entire time. Not to mention I had to ask a second time for my drink that they forgot to make. One couple actually walked out because of the poor service, I should have followed. I won't be back!!!The burgers here are awesome. I also like how it is a BYOB as I've never seen that for a burger joint before. The seating arrangement inside is slightly odd, but the service has always been really good and the prices are somewhat reasonable for the area. I like how they set up the menu that leads you through the selection process. Order the tots!We were super excited about a burger joint that boasted a design-your-own-veggie-burger so we stopped by for a weekend lunch. the fries were amazing, but the burgers were dry and nothing to write home about. i'd be down to try a shake, but we probably won't be eating there again any time soon. not the worst vegetarian spot in the city, but definitely not the best.I've been here 4-5 times, by myself and with friends, and everything I've tried has always been really tasty, nor have there been any complaints from dining companions. The sides and toppings are great, the organic fountain sodas are pretty good. Haven't tried any of the shakes. You get a lot of food and the price is fair. They have veggie and portobello options plus tuna, lamb, and turkey burgers in addition to the beef. I definitely recommend this place and it's always on my list for visitors. I just have to take off 1 star because it's cash only - somehow that always slips my mind until I'm already there, and have to use the ATM inside (ugh, fees).I tried so hard to continue to like this spot. Something went really wrong here after their first months of business. Their delivery is absolutely terrible. Not only do they limit you to pay and order delivery online but they charge you to do so. And then it takes more than an hour to get the food. So disappointed in this service. Currently I have been waiting an hour and a half for two milkshakes that cost me $18!! Ridiculous. Last time ordering here and I suggest it be the same for others. 
Update after waiting this ridiculous amount of time I contacted them and they told me the order never made it to the kitchen. This is insane. I not only received an email confirmation of my order but also was told it would be delivered by a certain time. 
This place is the worst!P'unk burger was interesting. The customer service was quick and in your face, the menu choices were edgy and fun! I consumed the Big Man on Campus, cheddar stuffed burger. The big man was very appealing but unfortunately it didn't have much taste. Overall I would give this another rotation as I'm assuming a stuffed burger is tough to pull off and was probably frozen for awhile to save prep time. Next time, I will try the Wasabi Ahi burger! Seating was not the most inviting but for a quick bite it will do.Ambiance- 4/5 a South Philly vibe, modern interior, small, but plenty of seating.
Food- 4.5/5 granted I can only talk about one salad, but I am thoroughly impressed. I've tried plenty of salads around the neighborhood from establishments that are simply built to buy fresh food/salads, and this was one fo the better quality ones. The waiter suggested the Cobb salad which is the most popular, and I got it to go. Chicken was nice and juicy, bacon and avocado was fresh. Perfect amount and I was pleased to pay the $10 for a lunch and a half of a meal. 
Overall- 4.5/5, I think the real question will be how their burgers taste, will come back to test them out and grab a few more salads.Man, I really wanted to love this place.  A cozy, family-friendly burger joint serving up Nutella milkshakes and touting every trendy hyphenated phrase in the book.  Meat that is humanely-raised and rBST-free; Maine Roots soda that is corn syrup-free and pure cane sugar-laden; everything is non-GMO.  They even use 1732 Meats bacon.  Let's just say, they'd have to work really hard to disappoint me.
Unfortunately, P'unk Burger was up to the challenge.
I arrived with my wife and three kids, and waited about eight minutes before we were approached by the waitress.  She greeted us with a sincere smile and apologized for the wait.  "Sorry," she said, "all these customers came in at once!"  
'Yeah,' I thought.  'It's lunchtime.  Don't you plan to be busy around now?'
But I kept that to myself and assured her there was no problem.  My family and I were out for a casual meal.  No rush.
After we received the menus, we decided quickly and placed our order.  Two milkshakes, two orders of fries, one order of fried tater tots, a slider for my son, and the Big Man on Campus burger for me.  I was drawn to the Double Garlic Insanity Bacon and the cheese-stuffed burger.  
Ignore the fact that the group of four that came in ten minutes after us was served before us.  Casual outing.  No rush.
The waitress returned with our food, apologetic for the wait again, and made sure we had everything we needed.  We did.
Then, I bite into my burger, and as I'm immediately struck with the disappointment that it is cooked far beyond my medium-rare request, an eruption akin to Krakatoa occurs.  The molten cheese bubbling inside the burger erupts out of the hole create by my bite and spews into the air and all over the right arm of my jacket.  So think and gooey that I can't even wipe it off with a napkin.  
When shown to the waitress, she says, "Oh geez!"  She offers to take it off and clean it in the kitchen for me, which I accept.  "It happens all the time," she said.  "The price you pay to eat great food."
Now, I appreciate that she is trying to smooth things over with humor, but seriously?  First of all, if it happens all the time, you're making it wrong.  Second, if you're going to make a comment like that, it better be the best friggin burger I've ever tasted.  And lastly, there is melted cheese all over my jacket.  I don't care if you're the best amateur dry-cleaner in the city.  It's time to comp some of the meal.
As she cleans the jacket, we finish our meal.  The tots and the milkshakes were simply delicious.  Absolutely the highlight of our experience.  But the burger was over-cooked, the meat was tough (as though made from a frozen patty, though I don't know this for sure), and my fries were limp and cold in the middle.  My son, who is a fry maniac, could not finish his, and his sliders probably could have withstood a Claude Giroux slap shot.  
In short, the service is the only reason this place gets two stars.  One, excellent server trying to put out fire after fire caused by the kitchen and whatever management sets the schedule.  She was great with our kids, and was constantly courteous and humorous, but she could not overcome the severe shortcomings created by her coworkers.Ok so my husband was going on and on about this place and how good their burgers are. I finally decided to give it a chance and we went there for lunch one day. I must say I was happy that we did because their burgers are delicious. I always ask for mine well done. I can't eat it when it's still mooing and grazing. My burger was cooked perfectly. It was well done but was still moist. And the fries!!!!! So good. The place was very clean and the service was excellent. I definitely recommend this place and will go back if give the chance.I give this place 3.5 stars. It all depends on the burger you order. The vegetarian one was too dry and over spiced with cumin, therefore the low rating. My bf ordered a regular one and he loved IT. Onion rings were the star of the night. I'd say better than both burgers.The burgers here so good! It's a little expensive but the food is so worth it! And they have gluten free buns!It's a cool burger place. A la carte, build your own (if you choose), organic, they have lamb burgers, and BYO.
That's like a recipe for cool.Yummy burgers. My personal favorite is the p'unkd burger and my boyfriend loves the juicy philly. My only one critic is when every time i ask for medium well, i get an extreme well done, so what i learned is to just ask for medium. Also, the onion rings are a bit on the greasier side, but they are amazingMy boyfriend and I came here for the East Passyunk Restaurant Week. They were full when we arrived, and awkwardly stood by the "Please Wait to Be Seated" sign in the front. It was a good 10-15 minutes before any of the staff said anything to us, even though they were walking by us. A simple "hi" would have been appreciated. They offered us a secluded table which we were fine with. The table itself was a quarter game machine! We got to play some Pacman while waiting for our food. The Restaurant Week deal going on was $15 for french fries, mozzarella sticks or onion rings to start. 2nd was a choice of burger and 3rd was a choice of 3 milkshakes. We both chose mozzarella sticks and we're so glad that we did. Very yummy and cheesy! I got the pesto caprese burger with a veggie burger. I've had much better veggie burgers. I just didn't like the taste that much. My boyfriend got the blue cheese, garlic, and bacon burger. He didn't feel like it was very garlicy, even though it was labeled "garlic insanity bacon." That night, they only had 2 types of milkshake. We got the nutella milkshake & speculoos. I LOVED the speculoos milkshake and he liked the nutella. We would come back, but mostly for the mozzarella sticks and milkshakes.Tasty and fast and awesome. The veggie burger was filling and yummy with lots of awesome toppings. The soda selection is awesome and is all non GMO or HFCS. The shakes look tasty but it was way too cold for anything with ice cream. Great, fast vegan options.Really cool burger spot with extensive menu options for proteins and toppings including vegan, and gluten free item. They also have wraps, salads, shakes and ice cream. Everything is hand made from the burgers to the sodas. Make sure to check out the daily specials as well.Amazing burgers!!!! They have a lot of selections on their menu. I went with the Juicy Philly burger and sweet potato fries. It was very tasty and I will be back.I hate giving bad reviews but the veggie burger was awful.  The salad and fries were ok and delivery was quick.  But say no to the burger.I ate here  few times. Also ordered delivery great burgers. Also the shakes are very good also.This place is amazing. The delivery was the fastest delivery I have ever had. I was amazed at how quick and friendly the service was especially after reading some of these reviews. 
We are a vegetarian and meat friendly divided household. I enjoyed my veggie burger, it was not the best put together burger but I was satisfied. The only thing is that they could just work to keep the veggie burger together better. 
My husband raved about the regular burger he had. It was gone in 30 sec so I think that says it all. 
Tater tots were on point and the milkshake
Was insanely delicious. 
Mostly tho, the service here was just super impressive. Way to go P'Unk Burger.Been here twice. Very happy with the food.
First time was opening weekend, so things were a little chaotic. Soda machine was being repaired, staff were in training, some items were not available -- but the owner was very good about making special arrangements and seeing to everyone's needs. I was impressed with her ability to roll with it.
The next time, things were a little more under control. Waitstaff were attentive, but didn't seem particularly comfortable. I think this will improve as this place finds its groove, so it didn't put me off. One server was difficult to understand, because she tended to mumble.
Food tastes awesome. The fries are perfect. I wish the prices were a little lower. I was hoping for just a basic burger joint. But I understand that high-quality, responsible ingredients will cost more than cheap crap. Some of the specialty burgers look fun, but for my money, I just want a basic burger. Don't try to be too foofy. I don't need the frills.
Because of the prices, I can't come here a lot. But I do love it, and I have been recommending it.
Great addition to the avenue. Really hope these folks succeed.Best kid service ever! Our waitress was warm and energetic with our son. She had him set up and happy from minute one. Crayons and coloring book, the whole bit. Punk burger and juicy philly burgers were delicious as were the sweet potato fries. Pumpkin shake was great but s'more one was even better..check this place out :)I ordered from Punk'd for the first time this week & I was surprised at how good the food was. I ordered the Punk'd Burger & it was absolutely delicious. So I will definitely be ordering from the restaurant again.Love the burgers and fries, every burger I tried was AWESOME!! And the Milkshakes are absolutely to die for!! Had the Black and White and the Speculoos!! OMG!! Great place to get together with friends, casual, friendly and reasonably priced!!I tried this place with my wife on a Tuesday night while house hunting in the neighborhood. The staff was friendly and the food is all organic. I ordered the blue bliss salad and substituted the blue cheese for feta cheese in the salad and it was delicious. My wife ordered the chicken burger with Buffalo sauce and she enjoyed that as well. The only problem was the amount of time it took to get our drinks and food was ridiculous. The place was not overly busy at the time and it just seemed highly disorganized. I will give this place another try in the future, but for now the most it gets is three stars.Nice gourmet burger joint on passyunk. Staff are friendly and offer suggestions. My go to is the wasabi tuna. Large piece of tuna with a spicy wasabi sauce cooked medium rare. The bun does not overpower the protein. My friend loves the big man on campus burger.I ordered beef burger, after long wait , finally i got my burger which apparently was average and very blend. They charge extra for even cheese. Buns were like any other fast food burger. On the top of that, they don't accept card. Who in today's world don't accept card.I decided to write a review after visiting P'unk Burger three times. I had the P'unk Burger & BYO Turkey Burger. Their burgers average price is about $8.50 and up (sides not included). It seems the burgers are getting smaller and smaller each visit. Unfortunately, I had my last visit. Burgers at that price should A). Included a side or B). Make bigger burgers. Their burgers appear big but believe me they're not.Extra time and care was put into our family's food preparation needs due to allergies. All the staff was very in tune to the ingredients in all the items served. This was a relief to our family members with very specific soy, dairy, gluten, peanut, and berry allergies. We loved the different burger options. The split baskets of any appetizers was a bonus. The shakes were super tasty and all the food came out just was we ordered. Great place!Was here on a Saturday evening. The server was delightful and made sure my dog was hydrated. Food was good. Milkshake was adequate. A bit too expensive. Probably won't be back, but would recommend to people with more leisure money than I have.I have been to P'unk Burger four times in total, two of which were for takeout. The burgers are always WAY over cooked and dry and have a char burned, not chargrilled, taste. I have specifically asked for their burgers cooked medium and medium rare and mentioned my previous experiences in a kind way, to no avail. 
The mozzarella sticks are good and the staff are nice, but I won't be back.We'd had a couple of underwhelming-to-bad experiences here, but I kept wanting to give this place the benefit of the doubt. After today, I no longer feel that way.
I ordered a turkey burger online for lunch and opted to pay with cash upon delivery. The total came to $14.92 for my $9.50 burger, including a $2.00 delivery charge, tax, and a $2.50 tip I included for the delivery person. I planned to pay with a $20 and get $5 back from the delivery person because, being a former delivery person myself, I know they carry packets of small bills for change. Food arrives and guy has NO change, except for $2 in his wallet. Now suddenly my $9.50 burger costs $18. That wouldn't be so bad, except that it was cold and incredibly dry.
Now, I don't have anything against a generous tip because I know that food service is tough, but I'm pretty annoyed that I paid so much for a burger that was so subpar. Every time we've gone, something always goes wrong and no one ever seems that bothered enough to make it right.  They charge pretty high prices, but don't deliver on food quality or service.
ETA response to owner: Yes, we've always politely made it known when something goes wrong. The last two times our issues have involved receiving the wrong food after a very long wait. On one occasion, we were allowed to keep an erroneous milkshake order, but we finished our entire meals and waited before receiving the correct shake. I'm interested to see how today's issue can be resolved.Best burger I've had in a while. Medium rare, nice and pink in the middle, grill marks on the outside, juicy, generous slice of cheese, nicely done longhots, carmelly onions, and hot (as in temperature) salty fries.
Yes, it's a Ten Dollar (or more) Burger. But if you're paying less than that, you're getting questionable beef or you're at Five Guys (and you're getting half the burger). Two of us ate for $30 including tax and tip. Name me one other sit-down spot in the neighborhood that is open for dinner, isn't a bar or mexican or italian, and costs less. 
Just the niche that needed to be filled on The Ave.
BYO, cash only.I'm always on the lookout for a good burger so we ended up at P'unk Burger this weekend! 
Oh man, my burger was GOOD. I opted for the "build your own burger" rather than one off their menu. I added avocado & bacon to mine. The actual burger/meat was well seasoned, juicy and super good!!! My roommate went for the "Big Man on Campus" burger from the preset menu. 
Downsides, the place is small, so could fill up really quickly. Also, the service itself was not good. No one initially greeted us, it took a while for our server to come, he didn't introduce himself or ask us if we had any questions (which we did... it was our first time there...). No one explained to us about where to pay either, they just left the check on our table. 
Overall, food was great, service was not.P'unk burger has the most handsome delivery boys of all South Philly, and they do it all on bikes! Tip your p'unk delivery boy with gratitude they're paid the same way waitresses are (delivery fee does not go to the delivery driver). Their vegan milkshakes are basically better than any dairy milkshake I've ever had and they don't give you milk breath!The burgers were great. I love that they had gluten free option!! The delivery was fast which was great. The tater tots and onion rings were good. We threw away the fries  because they were super soggyBelow average veggie burgers--made in a commissary according to a staff member so that's not surprising (she had no idea what ingredients were in them & said that the comm didn't like to share this info? What? Lol. Her manager/the owner corrected her with correct info but it was clear the veg options are low priority). Seriously, if I'm going to pay $10 for a bean burger I want it to have a little more flavor than the frozen ones I eat from the grocery store, but that's exactly what it tasted like. Maybe the meat burgers have a little more to them but I just can't with places that charge so much for veggie burgers that suck. There's nothing like a good bean burger and I would suggest they look into creating their own recipe to up the quality of their burgers and make them a little fresher. :)
Overall, will not be returning when there are so many other restaurants who create veg. options that are truly restaurant quality.The P'unk Burger was fantastic. Gouda and the quality bacon truly made the burger. Although it maybe slightly more expensive than a diner, it is worth it. It's a great burger. A nice meat with a little grease which is to be expected because it's a burger.   The service was wonderful. A great waitress ensuring we were taken care of and the owner came around often to make sure we were ok as well.  Very personable and delicious. And byob is encouraged on their menu so definitely take advantage!Went here for the first time and loved it. It wasn't a peek time we went so they weren't very busy but the staff was helpful and attentive. The food is mostly local which is awesome and drink wear is recyclable. Every burger should make a stop here!I am conflicted with this review because we did not speak to anyone about any of the issues that causes this review to be 3, rather than 4 or 5 stars - keeping in mind that very few establishments receive the honor of a 5 star from me.  I will elaborate on why we didn't address the issues in person later on.
First and foremost we were greeted promptly upon arrival to the trendy, hip little eatery - with a smile and friendly tone we were seated and given the low down on the menu.  I added we were using a groupon and she kindly explained our options.  We ordered the Signature Punk burger and the Big man on campus - as always with our groupons we added something to our order.  In today's case onion rings.  The burgers were cooked to perfection.  Each bite was full of FRESH flavors and melt in your mouth goodness.  A couple of the best burgers we have had in our "burger adventures"  I would rank them above Smash Burger and Burger Bar as far as freshness and taste. The shoestring fries and onion rings were average, but the milkshakes; Black and White for me and Vanilla with almond milk for he were rather runny, lacked body and nothing to write home about... I've had a better shake at a drive through. I didn't mention this to our waitress, mainly because  1. it was a groupon.  2. A shake is a shake. 3. To be honest, it didn't ruin our meal - so to complain would set a negative tone, so we opted not to.   What knocked the star grade down further and honesty upset me was in addition to being a cash only establishment, (I get it "fees fees, fees")  was the CHARGING of the tip on the bill for a two top.  I wanted to say something, I truly did... but when talking to a waitress about charging the tip onto your bill is rather uncomfortable. These ladies were nothing but professional and polite.  The sad thing is we would have left a bigger tip, had it not been ALREADY CHARGED on the bill.  Again, I understand being in Philly, I am sure they get stiffed a lot on a tip - but a tip is to be earned, and although our team of waitresses did indeed EARN every bit of a 20% tip and more - they forced us to pay 18% and that was what was left.  It is obviously a policy of the joint and to each their own for business practices, however it left a bad taste in our mouth.   
I am certain we will return to Punk burger if the burger bug bites us on a warm spring evening when we can enjoy their outdoor dining, it will be onion rings, fries and burgers next time... we will skip the shakes and may or may not mention the tipping policy prior to our meal.Came here with a groupon and really enjoyed it...they were really accommodating with the groupon itself and let us change up the special burgers a little since I don't eat beef or pork...I got a turkey burger with turkey bacon, my boyfriend got lamb with bacon we both put the special sauce on our burgers and it was fantastic. Got a side of tots and 2 milkshakes too. The turkey burger was really good fresh but I tried to heat it up later and I wouldn't recommend it. They were super friendly, if a little chatty, but I would go back without the groupon deal!First the good:
* punk sauce is delicious. it's mostly worstershire, but great to have it on every table
* lots of interesting combos, including spicy stuff or eggs or avocados
* still a good mid-range option on the ave for a quick bite
* The tots and fries are always solid
* free slider for kids on Wednesdays!
Now the bad:
* Burgers have gone from excellent to just OK. Seems like the kitchen doesn't really know how to take a burger order. Anything from "Rare" to "Medium" will come out the same - gray through and through, sometimes even crunchy or chewy. This sounds harsh, but the taste is still usually good in spite of this major oversight - hence 3 stars instead of 1.
* The shakes are very runny and milky - clearly not much ice cream, if any, involved in making them.
* The A/C was either off or broken a couple times I've been in there this summer. It felt like about 85 degrees inside.
* They do the shady inflated-percentage-values-on-the-tip-recommendation-receipt, which you've probably seen elsewhere. (See photos)I love P'unk Burger and I'm super happy they can deliver. To give you some context I ordered the "big man on campus" burger during the Eagles NFC playoff Close enough to the end of the game I wasn't sure they would make it across Broad Street to deliver my food. They certainly did, and earlier than they thought they would. The all-American burger comes with cheese injected into the beef so if you eat it hot out of the kitchen you can be burned as if someone put hot lava in your food. The delivery time gives it just enough time to cool off so it is at wolfing temperature. French fries however show up as soggy soggy noodles. So leave the gun, take the cannoli.Decent burgers.  I ordered a burger with no roll because I'm doing a ketogenic (low-carb) diet and they accommodated.  The server was friendly.  It's a tad expensive.Got the mozzarella sticks and the fries, which I thoroughly enjoyed. However the burger itself was burnt and not flavorful (I ordered it medium-rare)...just a disappointing experience for the price.Decided to try this place last night as i am so happy i did. The food is amazing, I had a create your own burger with a gluten free bun and french fries. The gluten free bun was the closest thing i've had to real bread in a long time. The burgers were cooked to perfection, and the super thing cut fries were also fantastic. The best part was honestly the service, our waiter was attentive throughout our entire meal, extremely courteous and made great recommendations. Will definitely be coming back!I fall in love with this place and be sure I'll be back ! Those burgers are like Spongebob Krabby Paddy, so much flavors and the sauce that you just want to find out. The price was reasonable and the add on was a milkshake which was also so delicious! . How would I describe the taste in a much simple way ? My mouth got fucked. 
I grab their special punk burger while my girlfriend grab the tuna burger ! Yeah that's fucking right a tuna burger ! It had this strong taste every constant bite you put in because it had wasabi in it but the aftertaste was so smoothing ! Me and my girlfriend split our burger in half and gave each of our half to each other. I took a bite of both of them and guess what ?! I couldn't make up my mind on which I love more. 
I wanna try all their burgers but I can only have one burger a week sadly because I'm dieting but hey if your not dieting why settle for one ? Why not 2 ? 4? Or even 7 ?! Make your mouth proud and your stomach happy.The vegan burger was delish!  The Fried pickles on top were a little squished and soggy but maybe because I got delivery.  Def would go back!The milkshake made with Little Baby's ice cream was amazing. The fries were good. The burgers were good, juicy. But I am still choking over the prices. Especially when  I have to order at the counter, I won't spend $80 on 3 burgers, 2 fries and 4 milkshakes EVER again. I don't care what the cows ate. Sorry, the employees were nice, atmosphere pleasant, but still not worth the prices.The neighborhood needs more places like this! Creative and interesting, but not totally inaccessible to people on a budget or with kids (as so many of the new additions to Passyunk Ave. are). The "4th street Burger of the month" with beef, corned beef, Russian dressing, and slaw was amazing.  My toddler loved a plain burger with catsup and my semi-vegetarian wife loved the pulled portabello salad. 5 stars if they can do a lunch special for under $10.Holy cow, this place is legit! I have been wanting to try this place for some time, and it was great! Myself and two other people got in, and were seated promptly at the community table. One of the staff members there was awesome enough gove us info on their menu,  and discussed with the organic nature of their food. It is nice to see a restaurant take pride in ingredients.
Our waitress was hilarious and friendly! She really made sure to make us feel welcomed! I got Jalapeno burger as my entree along with sweet potato fries. The burger was incredibly juicy, and the Chipotle mayo with the fries were amazing! The best part was the Chocolate PB Cookie and Jelly milkshake with Girl Scout PB Patties combined in it. It was such a great treat! This has to be one of my new favorite places down Passyunk Ave.Went to P'unk burger last week and got a veggie burger-which the waitress told me was a homemade lentil burger - it was delish! Ordered the same thing today only to get basically a Boca Burger. Called and asked if they changed their veggie burger, and told them last week the one I had was clearly different and that this one tasted a whole lot like a Boca - they said they definitely hadn't changed the veggie burger and it was the same one they always have. Clearly didn't want to own up to perhaps running out of their homemade and buying store bought? Just would have appreciated the honesty! Definitely won't be going there again unfortunately!This is the first burger I have had in Philly worth going back for. As a culinary snob I found most places lacked quality and flavor all in one.This place delivers both. I no longer have to cross the bridge to Jersey just to get a good, flavorful, high quality fresh made burger. Add in the truffle fries & it's over! The punk burger was on point. Smokey gouda, onion ring, perfectly executed sauce with just enough sweet acidic heat to make you think you found the perfect burger. Everything was fresh, the buns nicely toasted and not gummy but still soft Top it off with BEEF peppered bacon... it's DONE. Red Robin who? Punk Burger is where its at. Husband loved his BigMan burger, nephew loved his cheeseburger, brother loved his Pulled Portabella sandwich. Everyone was satisfied. Punk Burger earned a repeat, regular customer. Nicely done guys... nicely done.Great burger, maybe the best in Philly. We got the BMOC, the punk burger, and a special for restaurant week. Each delicious. Sweet potato fries are addictive. Love that they use Little Baby's local ice cream in the shakes. We will be back!Great place! I got the Philly burger, felt as though it could've had more flavor. The restaurant was cold inside, I couldn't take off my jacket while I ate, it was uncomfortable since I was wearing a heavier jacket. Definitely will go again to give them another try because the employees are pretty cool and I noticed they do weekly charities.So glad I ordered delivery from here! I was worried due to other reviews about their delivery service, but they must have stepped their game up since then. It came so fast and was all you could hope for out of a burger joint - huge delicious fulfilling burgers with steaming hot melty cheese. The shakes were great too!First time visit on a Groupon voucher, just as an intro to a new eatery. I'm pleased as punch. The establishment decor is quaint and cute. It wasn't busy so The food arrived quickly. The menu is quite accommodating for the persnickety eater, calorie counter, weight watcher, and the allergen community, alike. My burger was awesome; cooked perfectly and the skinny fries were fun (enough for 2, actually)The young lady who greeted me and took my order was pleasant. I'd never known about P'Unk Burger, before it showed up on my Groupon radar. Now that I know about this little gem, I would definitely come back and pay full price.I ordered the half sides of onion rings and fries along with a a make your own turkey burger. The onion rings and saut辿ed onions were great! The fries were chewy, but ok. The turkey burger was the most bland burger I have ever eaten. I couldn't taste that there was cheese on it, it was, but the patty was unseasoned. So every bite was tasteless. As great as the onions were, with not even salt in the burger , it was hopeless. There was no ketchup that I asked for, I added my own. I even sprinkled salt on it, it was futile. I am very disappointed that they would not put any effort into its taste knowing that turkey sometimes needs it. It has to happen during the cooking process or there's no point. All of this for 20 bucks. I would not go backWent for a late night dinner with some friends. The restaurant was very clean and well maintained. I had the Easy Up Burger which comes with bacon, smashed tater tots, cheese, an over easy egg, and cooked medium rare. It was flavorful, juicy, and all around delicious. We also shared the sea salt fries, fried pickle chips, and tater tots. All 3 were spot on amazing, nothing was over or under salted and cooked perfectly. We also got 4 different milk shakes all with whole milk which all came out the perfect consistency and ready to drink. This place is well worth every penny.Walked by this place while on the hunt for a BYOB this past Sunday. I originally wasn't too interested in getting burgers for dinner, but I am glad my boyfriend persuaded me otherwise! 
Before getting into the food, I must say the waitress we had was amazingly friendly and attentive to our needs. I'm annoyed I didn't get her name, but she honestly deserves a personal shout-out/award for her customer service skills - she was humorous, insightful, and overall a rockstar.
On to the food... hands down, one of the best burgers I've had in my life. I ordered their P'unk burger (medium rare) with a side of Old Bay fries and a chocolate, banana milkshake. One of my pet peeves about burgers (particularly large, overloaded ones) is that they get sloppy and messy when you chow down on them. Not the case with my burger! The bun was soft and moist, the beef patty grilled to perfection, and all the toppings placed skillfully atop one another to ensure no spillage. As an added pro, you can also do a "build your own" burger if you wish to be a bit of a rebel. The fries were thin, crisp, and just a little over seasoned for my personal preference; but that wasn't a big deal for me. The milkshake was heavenly from the first to last sip. I'm not a fan of overly sweet items, and surprisingly this milkshake wasn't overwhelming.
You can definitely get a burger, fries, and milkshake meal for way cheap elsewhere, but the food will not be comparable to the quality P'unk serves. And even burger joints that price their items within the same range (i.e. Shake Shack, PYT, etc.) do not compare to P'unk's standard. Overall, I would recommend at least 1 visit to this place for all who love burgers.I want to love this place, but the service consistently sucks. I'd rather pay a $5 uber charge than deal with the inattentive, rude staff. Today I waited ten minutes in a empty restaurant for my order to be taken after setting the menu down and away from my person. Server also wasn't aware of daily specials. Food is usually pretty good for what it is, but today while chomping down on some shoe string fries I bit into a large and hard object. I spit out my half chewed fries and there's a pebble. WTH. Staff didn't even bat an eye. Needless to say this will be my final visit.Really nice burger place with good ingredients and menu. 
They have a good lunchtime special for $12 with a burger, fries and a drink. 
Service was really good also.Awesome place with great food! Had the special with fried mozz and balsamic driz sub this with chicken ! This was the greatest decision I made all year !On our second attempt to eat at P'Unk burger the wait time was down to 25 minutes, so we decided to give it a go.
I was willing to look past the wait time if the food was worth it. The burger had the perfect combo of toppings - onions, Gouda, and spicy sauce, but the burger itself was over cooked and dry. You have to nail the temperature if you are going to be a burger spot. P'Unk burger owner PLEASE read this! I want this place to succeed. I live in the neighborhood and we need another option like this. The fries were excellent, but we ordered the combo which was very light on the onion rings. The onion rings were also on the verge of being burnt and super greasy.
I will definitely give this place another shot because I do live nearby and they are still working through some kinks. P'Unk burger please take this as friendly advice.Forget about all of the noise of opening night; forget about the special sauces and toppings; let's talk about the burger itself: happy, grass-fed, hormone-free beef (cool, I'm into this), over-worked and tightly-packed into a super dense, meatball-esque patty (hmm...), over-cooked to a uniform grey (yuck!), but without that crispy char that can make you almost forgive a well-done burger. Two burgers and a side of fries: $26. Shoulda got that PYT Groupon...Very dissapointed. Decided to treat 3 friends and it was $60 bucks!!!! Okay, so I paid....then, There were no seats for us to eat! Expecting greatness now...and nope. McDonald's like fries and super dry burger. We also ordered same burger cooked differently and they all came out the same. To top it off, people waiting for orders were watching others being served who came after, first. 
Go to noir, stogies or south philly tap room if you want a good burger. Not worth the money, nor your time. Haven't written a review in a year....and this was so bad I felt compelled.Love this place! Truffle oil fries and the tuna burger are what I got last time. Both excellent. I've been here only twice now. I do not remember what I got the first time but I remember enjoying it. I was a different man back then so presumably I got your standard issue red meat burger. 
They have one of a kind sodas too! I stopped drinking soda but caved the other night. They have blueberry soda!Great place for burgers, fries, and milkshakes! Definitely a fabulous and delicious addition to the Avenue.Sooooooooo gooood!!! Love it from the natural punk swagg cool burger names and Mexican imported sodas!!Fries are good and probably the only reasonably priced thing on the menu. Veggie burger is meh. A good veggie burger is hard to find, but this one was dry and more bland than most. If you are vegan, ask whether the bun is vegan or not. I didn't ask and I'm not convinced it is. Generally I find it too expensive, mostly because I don't really care for all the "organic," and "local" crap. If you buy into all that, perhaps you are willing to spend $30 for two people to have a mediocre dinner, but I am not.This place is so overly expensive. They say all organic. I am fairly certain their ice cream and milk is not, or their buns, cheese, fries, etc. It cost me 21 dollars for a shake(no little baby's flavors that they have, simple black and white), a cheeseburger and fries. And, it wasn't even that good and my black and white shake had a peanut butter flavor, do they not wash their stuff?? I should also mention this was delivery so not sure if there is a charge for that. Regardless, I will not eat here again...the food was not that good, and the price is ridiculous for a burger and fries.Right off the bat, I need to give P'unk Burger the benefit of the doubt as my experience took place on opening night after quite a few months of buildup for this place to open.
It's a little smaller than I expected. It's a Five Guys style ordering process if you dine in. You go to the counter, grab a menu, order, find a table (if you're lucky/patient. There's one long table and three or four four tops, and a Burger Time video game that serves as a table. Alas, it was broken when we got there. No biggie.), and then you wait for your food to be brought out to you. 
Understandably, there was a 45 minute wait time for food. It was to be expected. You won't hear a complaint from me, especially when the cashier says, "It will be about 45 minutes, is that okay?" Considerate staff members? You get a star just for that.
We got a few sides, they were out of mozzarella sticks (again, opening night. It happens). Fried pickles are good, sweet potato fries are good, thin cut fries with Old Bay are above average. I went with the It's Always Sunny In EPA which has a beef burger, and over easy egg, black peppercorn bacon, american cheese and tater tots. It was pretty good! The egg yolk gushes right out of it on bite impact, but you kind of ask for that by getting that burger.
Prices are a little much. I know everything's organic, etc., so it probably costs a little more to acquire ingredients, but there are definitely better burgers in the city for less than $12, maybe not in EPA, but in the city, for sure.
Between the three of us, it was around $55 for all we got (no drinks, just water) which isn't terrible. It's what you'd expect to go out to eat at a sit down place, but I think we expected it to be less.
I think if you're looking to give this place a shot, Restaurant Week would be the time to do it. Will it be packed? Very likely. But there's tremendous value there. They're doing a burger, fries, and milkshake for $15.
One more knock, more on the people, than the place: With the small amount of tables, some people were bringing bottles from the Bottle Shop to have with their meal, which I have no problem with, but they were hogging tables for a while, and there were very obviously people waiting to sit down. We were also at a table pretty close to the door which people were coming in and out of consistently. Not too enjoyable on an 18 degree day.will check this spot out again, but i've had better (speaking of 'spot' ;-)...tots are on pointWe tried the Cuban and the P'unk burger and can honestly say they were absolutely amazing.  We enjoyed the comfortable atmosphere and friendly staff. Looking forward to another visit.Based on quality of food, this place is a 5 star joint. You can tell that freshness is the most important thing, and with several vegan, veggie, and gluten free options, anyone can dine here. Dropped off one star because it is PRICEY! 8 dollars for a small milkshake? Though it was vegan, I don't think I could ever justify that purchase again. Fries are quite generic, not cut in house or anything. Burgers are thick and not greasy, and they don't skimp on toppings. 
I also feel like a place so expensive shouldn't be cash only, but probs to them. Waiting for another reason to go, maybe for a celebration or event. But other than that, I'll be dreaming of my guilt free strawberry milkshake.Haven't ate in at p'unk burger. Do not recommended getting delivery. My order took two hours. They didn't reach out to let us know they were running an entire hour behind.
Bad days happen but I am under the impression this place might not be capable of  delivering food in a timely manner. Burgers were okay but the fries were super soggy and not edible. 
A burger place that delivers using bikes....not a good outcome.This place is a comedy of errors. The owners seem to believe that customers will fall for the hype rather than look at what is in front of them. Their pre-opening presence on the blogs suggests as much. Here is what you really get: a lukewarm, small portion of protein between a cold bun, a dab of condiment that doesn't make up for the lack of seasoning, and short, stubby fries that pale in comparison to Green Egg's version. The space is narrow and ice cold. The staff seemed to still be in training and were overwhelmed when a large order was placed. As a result, we waited nearly a half hour for two burgers and fries. I also saw the lady operating the front desk go to the back and handle food. At this point, we should have left. Instead, we paid their exorbitant prices and left feeling "punk'd".  Nine hours later, I came down with food poisoning symptoms and, were I not still lying in bed over 24 hours later, I wouldn't be writing this bad review.Unprofessional staff. Sloppy food presentation. The first time I went, it was awesome, the second and third not so. The first time, food was great. The last two, the food was just thrown together and my order was incorrect (twice)!My wife found this place because of a Groupon. And I've gotta tell ya I'm really glad we (she) found it!
This south philly phind is organic and has gluten free options. 
Let me take a minute to briefly describe to you the gluten free bun:
The owner happened to be there this night, maybe she's there every night, but either way she proceeded to tell us her quest for the right gluten free bun. 
Whether you are new to GF or a true veteran, you know that GF bread can often taste like cardboard and be so dry and crumbly that you need at least 65 gallons of sauce...per bite. No exaggeration. 65 gallons. 
So, she continues to tell us about her adventures in finding this GF unicorn of a bun and how this bun is the best she has found so far. 
So we both got the gluten free bun and she was right. It was the closest thing to real bread I have had in a long time. It wasn't dry, it wasn't crumbly, and it withstood the pressure of an dump truck load of cheese on one of the best burgers I have tasted in a while. This burger was stuffed and then topped with American cheese. #murica
So now for the good stuff( as if it can get any better than cheese): their selection of burgers made it difficult to choose 1 since they all looked amazing. Whatever your palette there was something for you. Beef, chicken, Ahi Tuna, Lamb.  
You can even build your own burger with a selection of treatments that lifted my appetite like a Botox injection. 
Any place that offers thin cut fries with truffle and old bay side-by-side! #done. #1 (that's "number one" not "hashtag one"). It was like bringing together two worlds in one cosmic collision of savory satisfaction. 
The atmosphere was quiet on a Monday night but you can bring groups, kids, friends, eat in, order out. It's a one stop shop for your dinner delight - and it's healthy!
We don't eat a lot of sugar so we didn't try the shakes, but my guess is they are incredible too. You gotta go.This place is burger heaven for people that LOVE customizing. You pick the type of burger you want (beef, turkey, lamb, chicken or veggie) and then you pick your toppings and trust me they have a lot of amazing toppings like caramelized onions, guac, truffle oil, turkey bacon and even bacon jam (which is fantastic btw). The options are endless! I recommend you add on the truffle tries to go with your delicious burger. If you have room left definitely order a milkshake - we split the Nutella milkshake among three people and it was to die for! Don't forget this place is a BYOB so bring your favorite adult beverage along.I was a little confused when I ate here. An employee that was standing outside said it was vegan. I thought that was weird because it clearly said "burgers" on the window. We went in and had burgers and shared some sweet potato fries. It was pretty good. Not my favorite burger in the city but I would definitely eat there again. The fries were excellent. To clarify, they have vegan options but also meat options. My girlfriend tried the vegan burger and said it was a delicious meat substitute. It is cash only and BYO.I was psyched when I heard a burger place was opening on EPA.  Alas, the place failed miserably to live up to my expectations.  The burger was horrendous -- a small, dense, over-cooked, barely digestible piece of meat, overwhelmed by a dry, too-large bun.  The only taste came from the black pepper bacon, which itself was overpowered by the back pepper.  A complete disaster of a sandwich,  The fries were edible, but nothing more.  I see no reason to ever return.Really enjoyed our burgers here. Interesting assortment of options, tasted great, and not crazy expensive. 
But. 
P'unk staff: Please do me a favor and leave change, and don't assume I was leaving you a 25% tip. Yeah, it's a subtlety, and only a couple of bucks, but it's my money and my decision to make, not yours.Love that you can pick topppings on your burgers and they also make them well done if you ask!! Hard to get anywhere to make your burger 'to order' but they are great. They also have the best fries in the area and are byobI was craving burgers the other day, and this hit the spot! Plus they were pretty kid-friendly for my two year old. I got the lamb burger with a gluten-free bun (always a plus when they have gluten-free options). They have a lot of options and the burgers were tasty! I had the lamb burger, grandad got their special, and my two year old had the kids meal plus we shared an order of fries (they do half and half so we got half sweet and half reg). Overall pretty good - will be back for my next craving!We bought the groupon & headed over to try them out. We were seated right away and ended up having the owner as our server. Sometimes when you show up at a restaurant with a groupon people treat you like they think you're going to give them the flu, but that wasn't the case here. We sort of built our own burgers and then split a half & half basket of fries/sweet potato fries. We really liked everything we got! Wasn't crazy about the bbq sauce (I think it was bbq?) but our burgers were cooked properly and the service was bangin. It was restaurant week so they were out of the vanilla base for the shakes so we got chocolate. He went with strawberry cheesecake and I got birthday cake. Those were good, not great. I think the burgers were slightly small for what the normal price would have been. We'll go back, but given the price it'll be more like a specialty thing.Got the Beyond vegan burger lunch special.  Tasty combo even with the vegan cheese.  Burger is very "meaty". Fries were fresh and not overly greasy and thin and crispy.  Even the soda was organic and tasty.  Casual, laid back environment.  Reasonably priced.So good and simple. Very chill spot. Everyone is nice. Don't be afraid to try something different like that yummy burger of the month. Worth itTheir burgers are very juicy and I like ordering mine with their side combo of fried pickles and fried onions. I like their 'Big Man on Campus' burger because it has the cheese inside the burger. They also have healthier alternatives for their soda machine so it's not your typical Pepsi/Sprite/Mountain Dew. The only thing is they are cash only so don't go in without any cash!Just saw they added the Beyond Burger and had it advertised -- so cool! Thank you P'unk Burger. We will be by!NEVER AGAIN. Time to usually make a burger 10 mins, the distance from my house to this place 6mins (drive). Time it took for the food to be delivered 2 hours + this looks like a common issue here and management does not seem to care. Guys please fix your delivery issue or stop saying you deliver. Waiting for a burger and fries for 2 plus hours is not worth it.Last night, my boyfriend and I ordered burgers from P'unk Burger through their website. We ordered the Watermelon Mint Salad (salad of the month), a Build Your Own Burger, Pickle Chips, and a Juicy Philly Burger. The website said it would take about 60-70 minutes for delivery. About 1 minute after we put the order in, we received a call that the Watermelon Salad was no longer available, since it was last months salad. The woman (Jennifer) explained that for some reason this was not updated online. She gave us our options for salads, and we selected the Bibb and Blue. When my boyfriend asked how we'd be refunded the price difference, she said the delivery person would be delivering the cash difference to us. We thanked her and ended the call. About 10 minutes later, she called back to tell us how much money the delivery person would be bringing us! So helpful! About 5 minutes later, the delivery arrived fresh and hot. 
I ate the Juicy Philly and it was so good! I didn't realize the cheese was inside the burger, which was amazing. The flavors were on point, and the burger was cooked exactly how I wanted it cooked. 
The pickle chips were also delicious! They weren't soggy, which I expected with delivery. I do wish it came with ranch, but we had some ketchup and honey mustard at home, so we made it work. 
I didn't try my boyfriend's build your own burger, but he loved it. 
Finally the salad was also really good. I don't like blue cheese, so we had it on the side. I think it would have been good with feta or goat cheese. Also, I think it needed a sweet element to it, like dried cranberries. 
Overall, amazing food! I'd definitely order again!Full disclosure: The two stars is just for the veggie burger, as I've only been once and with all the vegan options in Philly don't plan to return unless there are more options added. 
With all the great new clean meat options (like the Beyond Burger or Impossible Burger) restaurants don't really need to make their own burgers any more, particularly if they are like this veggie burger. I know some folks like the bean/grain burgers (yuck!) but this one fell apart, tasted chalky ... not good. I DO fully appreciate that they make an attempt and just suggest they try one of the ready-made varieties above and make it their own with the toppings. 
The staff working was nice/friendly.Solid burger, the patty is hearty.
Surprised I didn't know about this place, but definitely a solid casual burger place in south phillyThis is one of my go-to places whenever I'm nearby Philadelphia. I usually order the Big Man on Campus Burger since that is one of the best burgers. I absolutely love their fries and fountain drinks (thank god something healthier than Pepsi or Coke). My only complaint is that when I tell them I want the burger "Well Done" it is sometimes burnt with a bit of redness still inside my burger. My sister was unlucky and had her burger being mostly medium rare. I'm not a fan of medium rare or rare meat, So next time I'll be more specific on them cooking it thoroughly. If you do come here make sure you specify as they always cook their burgers medium-rare. They also only take cash but I believe there's an ATM inside. I do enjoy the service more than Bareburger in Walnut Street so I'll stick around more.Went to P'unk Burger for the first time yesterday.  The onion rings were AMAZING and old bay fries as well.  I got the vegan burger, it was pretty good and well seasoned.  My boyfriend and I got a chance to speak with the owners yesterday who were wrapping up before close and they talked to us about the rocky opening they had with the cold buns, cold air coming in from outside and large influx of people they had their first few days of being open.  They've already resolved the bun situation, they are installing a vestibule by the door to keep cold air out and are bringing in more seating to accommodate all the customers.  They are so happy to be in the neighborhood and are listening to everyone's feedback.  
Definitely give P'unk Burger a try, we had a great experience last night.  Every new restaurant has a few kinks to work out the first few weeks.  Don't let the negative reviews below turn you off to enjoying a great meal.Friendly staff. Great burgers but everything is a la carte.. Too expensive. Hard to find parking.The burgers here are awesome. I also like how it is a BYOB as I've never seen that for a burger joint before. The seating arrangement inside is slightly odd, but the service has always been really good and the prices are somewhat reasonable for the area. I like how they set up the menu that leads you through the selection process. Order the tots!Its okay. Service was slow. It took more than 30 mins to get our food including the salad. My Ahi tuna burger was cold when it arrived. The salad was mediocre. Wrong order of fries came out so they had to correct it. Not the best food but okay. Hope it improves with experience.Sufferers of volatile stomachs rejoice! They have DAIRY FREE MILKSHAKES! Run! dont walk and order one of every flavor! why are u still reading this?! go get a milkshake!!!!! Now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! oh and the burgers are pretty nifty too!Over priced and cash only is a tax scam. It is 2017, get with the program. I've eaten here twice and both times my burger was bland and overcooked. For gourmet prices I expect gourmet flavor. You are better off going to bare burger, five guys, or any of the millions of other burger choices.3.5 I came here for lunch on a Sunday afternoon with my husband. I had a veggie burger with vegan mozzarella cheese and their punk sauce (plus lettuce, tomato and onion). They have a veggie burger and portabella mushroom options for vegetarians/vegans.  I went with the veggie burger. That was not the right choice. The burger itself was very soft and falling apart while I ate it. I ended up taking the burger out of the sandwich and just had the bread with toppings. If you are going for a veggie, get a portabella!
It seemed as though there was only one server and there were quite a few take out orders and people dining in. The server made it a point to apologize if we needed to wait a few extra seconds for anything and she was great and attentive. 
Since the burger was not great, I had a vegan milkshake and that was DELICIOUS. It made up for any hard feelings I had about not enjoying my burger. I also had a side of fries which were thin and delicious. Everything came out quick and the location is small but awesome d辿cor!
Last, they do not accept cash but they do have an ATM on site. Be prepared!This was a really great surprise for me. I love burgers and shakes but never knew this was in the neighborhood. I enjoyed my burger and split a non dairy shake. They have a ton of options for everyone vegetarian, vegan, or just all beef. The food came out extremely fast and the service was pretty good. The one negative was that they only except cash, no cards. They do have a ATM on site so that makes up for it. Definitely going back very soon.Minimum 90 minutes for a delivery of 2 milkshakes (that costs $20 which is highway robbery) multiple times on a weeknight . We live 8 minutes away. Totally ridiculous. This also happened a few months back--same exact scenario. 
I've been a delivery driver for over 10 years and it's obvious this place has no organized system in place to verify orders for delivery online nor do they know how and when to get them out. There's 50 local delis and pizza joints I can get a milkshake from for under $20 in less than 90 minutes. That's what I'll be doing from now on.Don't know why ppl are so polarized over this place. It's really good burger and sides. Not sure what ppl expect when they get a burger but it's a good quality, not greasy or overwhelming burger. It's just a good burger sandwich, period. You get your patty, tomato, lettuce and onion. Unless you go overboard with so many toppings, I don't think you can go wrong with their sandwiches.The special Beyond burger is great here! Every vegetarian's dream. The onion rings also never disappoint. If you are looking for a quick meal on the Ave., this is a must.Three stars, though they rest on pretty specific things.
First, as far as customer service goes, I've had a great experience each time I've gone.  They might not be bending over backwards to serve you, but they are nice and attentive.  I've been there on relatively slow days/times, though.
I had a vegan milkshake here first.  It's a little pricey, but pretty worth it.  They shakes are, by far, seemingly the most appetizing thing on the menu.  Seriously, try one.  Droool....
My second visit, I had a veggie burger.  Made in-house, it was a dry collection of lentils and other things that weren't really appetizing.  Sadly, this is how many people do veggie burgers.  No seasoning, no care, and no cooking method.  It was overpriced for a ball of lentils and not really my style.  This is the only veggie option, I believe, so there's nothing else for me to try.
I would come back for the shakes, but that's all.  Service is great.  But, c'mon ya'll, vegetarians have great burger recipes and I'm sure a vegetarian/vegan cookbook can be in the budget considering the pricing.i've been back here a few more times since they first opened. every time i try to tell myself "maybe they've got their burger game together now" and every time there's just something that goes wrong and pisses me off. 
the last two times i went there, burgers were either over or undercooked, hastily assembled, and one order was just straight up wrong. but their tater tots are great, so they got that going for them.
the hard truth: this place just doesn't do the one thing it's supposed to do well. and it's a shame, because their menu reads great, and the kids that work there are all super friendly. even the ambiance is pretty good. but, if you're a burger specialty place, you better nail that god damn burger every time, right? Fountain Porter burger two blocks away makes this burger look like amateur hour, but they don't have the extensive menu and toppings. but for half the price, can you really argue? i've even had better burgers at chain places like cheeburger-cheeburger. i think that says a lot. 
i'm not saying i'll never go here again. occasionally i have friends who really want to eat here for some reason (tuna burger is one, milkshakes are another) and i won't respond with "eeeww, no way, that's gross!" i'll respond with "sigh* ok, i suppose that's fine." i'm not excited to go there, but i won't argue with someone who wants to go there.Great sweet potato fries. Great shakes. Great customer service. Pretty good burgers. What more can you ask for?My boyfriend just ordered from here, hands down best burger around! Whatever I ate had onions mushrooms and cheese inside. There were a lot of onions, but just removed a few. I'm def gonna order from here again. We ordered delivery and the delivery guy was nice, we didn't expect him to walk up the metal staircase but he did, and we usually come downstairs to meet our delivery guys. We were just surprised bc it was the first time the doorbell rang ever.lol. I liked the pickle chips. I'm prepared to get husky because of this place.Waited over an hour for takeout.  Burgers were ok at best.  The only bright spot were the 2 waitresses who were very patient and calm during the whole messy ordeal.I literally just walked out of this place and went to another restaurant. My boyfriend and I had been looking forward to eating here all day, and when we got there, we were greeted with horrible, rude customer service. The three young employees there completely ignored us, and after 5 minutes or so, my boyfriend walked up to the counter to get menus. One employee saw him and turned his back. The other looked at him and said "well, I'm outta here" and turned and walked away. The one who acknowledged him asked him what he wanted and seemed to high or something along those lines. Needless to say, we were upset with this terrible lack of customer service and walked out. We've eaten here once before without issue, but after this experience, we will not be going back. Rather, avoid the awful employees that work at 9pm on Saturdays. Go down the street to Fuel. They have awesome food and much, much better customer service there.First off I don't think the reviews on here do them justice. My burger was everything. I do mean everything a foodie could dream of. The service was OK the only con was it started to pick up and there was only one server to accommodate the flow of restaurant goers. Atmosphere was great fresh, clean and very appealing to the eye. I also liked that there was so many burger options for everyone and the sweet potato fries were the best. Oh yeah and the price was reasonable as well...Great burger! First time here, tried the P'unk burger. Seriously one of the top 5 burger I've ever eaten. Great service and love the soda options!!I love there burgers!! I have only gotten delivery but food arrived pretty fast . Everything hot and tasty. The American cheese stuffed and topped  bacon cheese burger is the best. Burger cooked perfectly. Fried pickles and the fried mozzarella are great side options.Went for a good burger and some fries - got the best burger around and some awesome fries!  Not to mention the yummy milkshake. They specialize in burgers plain and simple!  YET, the selection is burgers from plain to some very creative flavors!  Keep up the good work!