Finally stopped in the place I have been meaning to get to. I was not disappointed. I had the Giardino. Roasted Eggplant, Peppers, Onions, Pesto, Fennel and Fresh Mozzarella all toasted under a flame for a minute to finish. Great flavors. Good roll. Definitely will return. I saw quite a few people order the Brisket while at the counter. Will try that next time.Today I ordered the Paesano's sub and two friends ordered the eggplant and diavlo. Everything was delicious, the service was quick, and they have gluten-free options available. It's clear that all of the menu items and thoughtfully and lovingly crafted. The complexity of the toppings is refreshing and the flavor combinations are a delight.
I appreciated the cadence of the guys behind the counter, but I observed that their joshing with customers was often unnecessarily aggressive. If you want the experience of attempting to one-up a resigned, portly "man's man," for the duration of your meal, by all means do not order your sub to go...My god these sandwiches are good. I am always down with a greasy spoon, hole in the wall place that makes incredible food. I've eaten about half their menu and everything has been delicious. Bobby Flay lost in the throwdown, enough said. If you're new to the place maybe start with the paesano and call ahead for takeout orders or be ready to wait 10+ minutes for your sandwich to be prepared.If I could go anywhere for a sandwich, and I mean ANYWHERE, it would definitely be Paesano's! It's a little hole in the wall with a very small counter so don't plan on eating there. Go and pick up a unique, delicious slice of Philadelphia and head on your way. I love the Giardina, all vegetarian and it's even better the second day. I hear the Daddywad is also a good call. Try it, no regrets.My colleagues decided to take a 15 min walk to this place.. And we're all glad we did!!! Such great tasting sandwhich and great service!I got the Paesano's sandwich and it's 1 of the best I've had.. Hands Down.. I won't go detailed into the ingredients but to sum it up.. It's perfect!  They have Stuarts Orange Soda too! Will come back to try the AristaThe Paesano is borderline orgasm inducing. Probably one of the best sandwiches I've ever had.Great sandwiches.  So far I have had the Tuscan Tony, the Arista and by far my favorite, the Paesano.   FYI, the sandwiches are about $8 each but are large can be shared.I've picked up Paesano's three times now, and each time it gets more crowded. The sandwiches are some of the best and most creative I've ever had. We've tried most of them, including the Arista (suckling pig), Gustaio (lamb) and Paesano (roast beef). Plus a special chicken on they had once. Overall, the Gustaio is my probably my favorite, followed by the Arista and the Paesano. The chicken was actually the only thing I haven't liked so far. 
The other great thing is drinks are included in the price of the sandwich - a nice touch. And the folks who work at this tiny place are super-friendly. I'll be going back next weekend, in all likelihood, and recommend you go too!I usually hate brisket and pork sandwiches.  I also normally don't like spicy things and peppers.  That being said both the Paesano and the Arista were over the top awesomely amazing.  Such a balanced, juicy sandwich!I am not a sandwich-lover, but Paesano's has made a believer out of me! I had the finest tuna sandwich I have ever eaten here and also have had the chickpea sandwich (the panelle). Both were the BEST I have ever had. 
First off, I would like to thank the folks who designed this place for making it airy and roomy and not crowding it with too many tables. I love that the flow of traffic to the "pickup" counter does not impede on the table spaces of folks eating in. My one complaint is that there is no distinction in packaging for eating in and taking out - all sandwiches come in paper and all soups in paper cups - all disposable. I would love to see my eat-in sandwich displayed on a lovely plate, but I can live with this petty thing given the delectable food. 
The tuna was awesome! It is Italian tuna and green olives with potato chips and a hint of pimiento cheese (I think!). The roasted tomatoes round it all out into just plain awesome. it is a rare and wonderful thing when the alchemy of a tuna sandwich can leave me puzzling as to the exact ingredients making this thing wonderful! It was literally the best tuna sandwich I have EVER eaten. 
The Sicilian chickpea pancakes in the panelle are so light and air-fluffy that they remind me of Marc Vetri's spinach gnocchi food magic. This is, in short, a fantastic sandwich offering a combination of flavors that were just perfect! It has the savory and the slightly sweet and the hot and tangy all wrapped up in perfectly toasted flat bread. Yum! 
Also, as other have mentioned, a great selection of hard-to-find sodas - my personal favorite is the Cherry Wishniak.Definitely in the top 5 sandwiches I've had, and not just in Philly.  The brisket is so juicy, mixed with the horseradish mayo, pepperocini slices, fried egg, roasted tomatoes - just perfect. The hoagie was superb.  Prices are great, and they have bottles of Hank's soda, too. 
The place is small, so not much table space to eat at, but they have tables outside, which made for a lovely lunch. We will be back!Talk about a hidden gem!  I've lived two blocks away from here for six months and finally stopped in for a sandwich.  It's very unassuming from the outside, but I think that's the point.  Continuing with that theme, you only need about five seconds to take it all in.  Tables?  What tables?  There's one counter that seats seven.  Who cares?  It makes it feel exclusive, even "neighborhoody."  For the most part the menu is all sandwiches and they know how to make a great one.  With the name of Paesano's you need a great bread for it all and it's the best kind to go with-- seeded.  I tried two of their sandwiches and the most difficult part was deciding which I liked more.  
The first I had was the Arista, which was whole roasted suckling pig with broccoli rabe, long hots, and sharp provolone.  You can't get any more Philly with this sandwich.  I left off the rabe, but didn't notice anything lacking.  It was amazing with the pork being tender and very juicy.  My only minor complaint was I felt it could have had a little more meat on it.  
The second sandwich was the Paesano.  I'm assuming it's their signature sandwich being the restaurant's namesake.  The Paesano has a lot going on.  It's a brisket sandwich with horseradish mayo, roasted tomatoes, peperoncino, and sharp provolone.  Oh, I almost forgot the fried egg!  The egg makes it unique and finishes off an already awesome sandwich with an even better taste.it was good as-is, but if you want so called philly cheesestake, this is not the place to go though.
i remember how good the cheesestake that i ate in Philly 5 years ago was, so wanted to get another good one since we were near Philadelphia.
we chose this place based on yelp reviews. turned out the closest thing that i wanted to get was "peasano" on the menu. it had fried egg and different kind of cheese from a usual cheesestake.
it was good! it is beef but the cheese and the sourness made it very light. 
should have gotten a T shirt there !!I had the Parsano... one of the best sandwiches I have ever had. Small place, great customer service. Very friendly.visit on 8/20/2011
Soooooo good... Ordered an Arista sandwich - Whole Roasted Suckling Pig, Broccoli Rabe, Italian Long Hots & Sharp Provolone - and this was one of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten. The pork was a savory, tender, juicy pulled pork balanced out with a nice bitterness from the broccoli rabe. Italian hots gave the sandwich a little kick and the provolone held it all together. A well rounded sandwich with a lot of delicious flavors in each bite. This sandwich alone is incentive enough to bring me back to Philly!Now THIS is a sandwich shop. Granted Paesano's is a dive, it's a real hole in the wall, but that doesn't stop them from serving damn good sandwiches. If you want something a little more refined, go to their Italian market location.
I've tried my fair share of Paesano's sandwiches, and I have to say, I have not been disappointed by any of them. Their menu is made up of about 10 different sandwiches and a couple sides, all done very well. Out of all the sandwiches though, I'd have to say that the zawzeech is my favorite. I hate the name, and I usually just ask for "a sausage sandwich" when I go because I can't bring myself to say it in a "Philly accent." The zawzeech is the best damn sausage sandwich I've had in the city. It definitely isn't the prettiest sandwich, and it is a total mess to eat because of all the sausage juices that run down your chin and arm with each bite, but it's the best. It's a trancendental experience and I look for any excuse to head to that part of town just to try another sandwich.It's really as good as you've heard. I can't believe I haven't been here until now. I had gone to the south philly location once a long time ago and left feeling like it didn't live up to the hype. But this time at the Girard location... Shazam! Pow! Kablow! (as Marvel Comics might say.)
I had the Diavlo which is a spicy chicken, sharp provolone, broccoli rabe, and roast peppers. It was so delicious. The best part was actually not the food though. I really enjoyed watching the cook preparing it, and he gave me some samples of a few other things while I was waiting. I can't wait to try some of the other sandwiches.Artista sandwich was spot on good. Quick and not too greasy, sesame seed roll, and spicy broccoli rabe was just right. 
Also great staff! Friendly to all people. 
Go get a paesano.Daring sandwiches done to perfection. This review is going to be short and sweet because their is nothing bad to say. So I'll just say this.
Best. Sandwich. Shop. In. South. Philadelphia.
Stop reading this review, call them up, order yourself a Bolognese (lasagna with a fried egg on it WHAAAAAAA) and enjoy.Circumstances conspired to keep me away from Paesano's (no cash money, got lost, it was a Monday) but oh man, do I regret that missed time. Three of us went today during the crazy Italian festival that was going on outside (roads blocked off and everything) and we were still able to grab a seat with no trouble, and the sandwiches came out about 10 seconds after our friend arrived late. The soda fountain is awesomely old fashioned (orange cream soda and root beer, anyone?) and the sandwiches were uniformly delicious. I had the Diavlo, which, even though I was no longer hungry after half, was so good that I had to finish it. Our friend's eyes rolled up to the ceiling after trying the Arista. Even my vegetarian boyfriend was pleased with the Giardana. It's a bit of a hike, but totally worth it.Pretty good hoagies....I will be back!
As with most of my dining adventures, I had to come here because it was on TV.  We came on a Saturday 30 minutes before closing.  This is a whole in the wall right in the middle of the italian market.
We ordered the original "Paesano" and something that looked really interesting called the "Liveracce" .
I'm a sandwich guy and I can tell you that the "Paesano" was friggin' amazing!  Not sure what was in it, but the juices were flowing, not to mention the fried egg that just worked really well.
On the other hand, the "Liveracce" was a chicken liver sandwich which I had high hopes for, but it missed the mark.  It was just wayyyyyyyy too salty.  Seriously, when i say salty, I'm saying I had to drink a gallon of water just to flush all that sodium outta my system.
Despite 1 out of 2 horrible hoagies and a 15 minute hoagie wait (in a nearly empty place), I still want to go back.  Sitting there allowed me to see a few other hoagies that were being consumed by loyal customers.  And they looked good!It's hard to blow me away with a sandwich, but this place does it and they do it consistently.  I've been here several times but am finally getting around to reviewing it.  
We stopped in around noon on a Sunday.  As expected, the small store was fairly crowded.  The line moved quickly and we placed our order and sat at the counter within 5 minutes.
We ordered the Paesano and the Daddywad.  The Paesano was great and I especially liked the horseradish mayo.  The Daddywad was also very good.  The sandwiches are big and won't leave you hungry.
The atmosphere is no frills.  Just typical deli counter seats.  With sandwiches that tasty the atmosphere doesn't matter.Was expecting a foodgasm after my first bite of the Paesano.  What a let down.  If I come back I will go for the Liverace.Came in and was welcomed in like a local. The place is very small. Only 6 stools but thats fine because the sandwiches we shared (paesano/arista) were some of the best sandwiches I ever had. The paesano was definitely he winner. The roasted tomato and egg really put the paesano on the top. A must visit if you are in that area of Philly.Seriously amazing sandwiches...even for us pescetarians.  The eggplant sandwich is awesome--the fennel seemed like it would be disgusting but I think I can attribute 3 lbs. on my butt from this sandwich at this point.  Me likes.  
The tuna sandwich is great--chips on it were a surprise because, well, I don't like chips.  But guess what?  Fantastic.  
The cooks and the prep guys are always fun...and that's a must since the sandwiches are wayyyyy tooooo messssy to eat in the car, as I usually do with my lunches.  I always manage to have a great conversation with patrons or the staff when I'm there.  
These are dollar for dollar the best value in town for a sandwich too--I can usually get two meals out of the $8 eggplant sandwich.  And the Hanks' sodas are a great change and a value for a mere $1.  
Go there.  Now.My husband and I ate here on Friday.  We both really enjoyed our sandwiches.  My husband got the brisket and I got the meatloaf.   Would def go back agianWOW.  I have eaten here before and always thought it was good.  The brisket sandwich has always been what my go-to here...but no more... went the other day and ordered the zaw-zeech (sausage) sandwich, and WOW just WOW is all I have to say.  The best sausage sandwich Ive had in a while, maybe ever...the GF got the Arista, also really goood... check this place out if you haven't.  Be careful though, bc you can easily walk right by it and not noticePerfection on a roll (or in a wrap).  I've never had anything here that was short of amazing.  The sandwiches are created with unique and inventive ingredients, but the place still manages not to be pretentious.  It is a very casual, no frills scene and the prices are very reasonable.  Even the fountain sodas they offer are awesome.A little known fact about the City of Brotherly Love: it really loves roast pork.
With that being said, there is one sandwich that reigns supreme among the rest: The Arista at Paesano's... roast suckling pig, broccoli rabe, Italian long hot peppers and aged, sharp provolone, served up on a crusty sesame laden hoagie roll.  Paesano's pork may not get as much publicity as its Philly peers in John's Roast Pork or Tommy DiNic's at the Reading Market, but I can assure you that it slings a better hot sandwich than both of its counterparts and their take on Italian styled roast pork.
Don't settle for the partial blockage by stopping at the roast suckling pig; go for the quadruple by-pass by electing to throw down these calorie packing hoagies as well:
Zawzeech: Italian sausage w/ peppers and onions will ruin every outdoor BBQ you head to next summer that doesn't serve a Zawzeech.
Bolognese: they take something already delicious in lasagna, then they fry it up!  But they don't stop there, they also throw a friggin' fried egg on top.  An ooey gooey masterpiece with a heavy, caloric kick.
The Paesano:  The name-sake of the restaurant is slow roasted beef brisket with a fried egg.  I'm starting to think that anything with a fried egg on it is awesome.
Philly is one of, if not the best lunch food city in the country, and Peasano's might be the king of that kingdom.Being a gluten free eater, it's hard to find any place that has good gluten free bread, that is until I heard about Paesano's! Let me tell you - I've never had such delicious fresh bread, I wouldn't have known it wasn't one of their regular rolls. 
My sandwich choice: Giardina. The vegetables were perfectly grilled, the pesto olive oil spread wonderfully tasty and soaked right into the thick layers of the roll. It was heaven on a roll, and for a gluten free eater, heaven on earth. I'll be going back plenty of times so I can try each of their sandwiches.
 (My fiancé got the Arista and I tasted the fillings: also amazing. Broccoli rabe is so under rated and worked perfectly with the pulled pork, pepperoncini and cheese.)These are some seriously tasty sandwiches, The potatoes area great too. I suggest taking your food to go, the chubby guy who works there kind of weirds me out, and always has food on his face.I'm probably the only person in the world who feels this way, but I just don't like Paesanos. I gave it a second shot and I didn't like it. Again. The second time I got the Chicken sandwich...Diavlo I believe? The chicken was really tough and hard to eat. The broccoli rabe was kinda gross when thrown in the mix... I don't know. I just haven't really liked anything I've tried here. Sorry guys.This is one of those places where I wish I could create a giant arrow saying "GO HERE NOW!" Its a hole in a wall that I missed the first time I drove down the street and it doesn't look like much from the outside. But inside are the most delicious smells. Most people grab and go so we were able to sit and enjoy our meal. The guy who took our order was very friendly and energetic. We tried the Paesano and Guistao (sp?). The Paesano was comforting and the Guistao was so decadent. No wonder this place is so popular; its totally unexpected and the outcome is astounding. 
Plus there were these guys who ordered and paid, then they decided they wanted to try the potatoes too and the guy waived the $2 saying that its on them. Small gestures like that tell you about how they care about making their customers happy and making good food, rather than making a profit. I'll be here again very soon. I don't think I can eat another hoagie anywhere else lol
PS They close around 7 or so, so get there early!Delicious sandwiches that are a must-try!
We were visiting from out of town, so of course we had to get the Philly Cheesesteak. It did not disappoint! So much meat that was so thinly sliced with just the right amount of cheese. You can also get caramelized onions but I opted out. We also got the Arista, which is pork with some veggies- also good with a bit of a kick. The sandwiches are cut in half- perfect for sharing. They are super filling.
Try some of the vanilla cream soda to wash it down! Paired perfectly with the cheesesteak. They also have root beer, orange soda, ginger ale, and other sodas- both bottles and cans. No fountain drinks.
Friendly and fast service. The gentleman who helped us was very funny. Easy street parking.
 Order at the counter, sit, enjoy your food (they bring it out to you), and then pay at the counter when you are all finished. Only thing- Cash only!!! They have an ATM if you don't have any.
Would recommend! Very reasonably priced at about $10 per sandwich- totally worth it.I just tried two 1/2 sandwiches from them, it made me terrible sick. 
It had a weird strong smell to it, I figured it as just a unique type of seasoning (like the way good quality aged cheese and salami smells like farts) I was wrong. 
Either the chicken and the beef were both rotten meat or the oil they fried it in was rancid from overuse.
I wouldn't recommend a place (or try it again) that made me throw up.Best Sandwich I ever had! They were sold out of the Paesano Sandwich), so I ordered the Gustaio and it was delicious and sooo flavorful! I will be back for it ASAP! This place was my pick me up after  a 10 hr stint at my great but slow hair salon. The delivery guy was very nice as well. Great Customer Service and great food! I'll be back again and againgreat sandwiches on their regular menu plus they always have specials that never disappoint.  I love all there sandwiches but the Paesano is still my go to, and their fried potatoes in pork grease are a must.bought some sandwiches to take on the road (in the cooler) and just ate the Diavolo, one day later. what a mouth burst of flavors...they just keep coming as you eat and one hour later I'm still dreaming of the taste. great little shop, friendly servers and really good stuff. too bad I only get to Philly every 5 years. this would be the franchise to get.One of Philly's best sandwich shops is Paesano's. The original sandwich grill is in Northern Liberties but there is also an outpost in the Italian Market. Their sandwich variety is outstanding and the ingredients are of good quality. Though their eponymous sandwich is of course justly famous, I opted for the Gustaio when I stopped by the NoLibs location earlier this week.  This is a heated sandwich of merguez, arugula, sun-dried cherry mustard, and roasted fennel. It is truly tasty. But I can't say it's my favorite sandwich at Paesano's because in truth I've liked them all. Could Paesano's improve?  Well I think at their NoLibs locale, they could offer condiments on the counter for their eat-in customers. There is nothing on the counter if you wanted to ratchet up the seasoning a little. Maybe if they did that, more people would eat in the sandwich shop.....but then again maybe they prefer that most of their business is takeout or delivery.  Oh and do remember - this is a cash only operation.What can I say other than YUM! These guys have some unique combinations and garnishes used in their sandwiches you don't really see in many places. My favorite so far was the one with lamb it's absolutely delicious. The tuna Italiano is also grand it's got a very generous helping of boiled eggs. I recommend to anyone looking to try something a bit outside the norm and always delicious.My friend Cherry and I have been on a quest to find the best Pork Italian in Philly and after reading rave reviews for Paesano's decided to give them a chance at the crown. I tried the Arista minus the long hots. The broccoli rabe was incredibly fresh and tasty, however the pork was a bit too dry for my liking. I went back a second time and tried the Diavlo, which was pretty good, albeit saturated with grease. Overall this place is pretty good, but nothing spectacular.Until this afternoon, I had never enjoyed the quintessential Philly sandwich: roast pork with broccoli rabe and sharp provolone. 
If I was a pig being denied life, the Arista sandwich would be the right cause to die for. After eating only half of it, I marched myself straight home and into bed. That thing was big enough to satiate my pork pang for at least the rest of 2010.I found this store from yelp's review, most people give 4 or higher stars. Decide to stop by July 4, and good thing they're open. 
I had order Paesano and Arista, two sandwich comes with sharp provolone cheese. to me it over power.  I don't taste any favor beside cheese. 
Personal opinion is too salty, and cheese is over strong.Thanks to (my friend in my head) Anthony Bourdain, I had to check it out! Made my bf walk about 1.5 miles yesterday just to grab a sandwich before heading back to nyc.
I ordered the Panelle and he had the Diavlo, we split an order of potatoes ...SO GOOD. I wasn't as happy with my sandwich as I was with his and ending up taking a lot of bites from his Diavlo. The Panelle was good but the chickpea pancake was super mushy and sloppy, i did like the heat from the peppers and sauce. The Diavlo is great, the layers of flavor from the chicken, broc rabe, cheese, etc...PERFECTION!
The potatoes were also super tasty and perfectly salty.Everything is awesome. 5 people came and we all ordered different sandwiches and everyone shared and every single one was amazing! We ordered the Paesano, Arista, roast beef special, meatball, and the Statidooch. Ridiculous!!!Anthony bordain led us astray. Went out of way to come here was packed long wait time, and sand which was not that impressive. The pace  is pretty small so ppl are standing around as you Eat, which doesn't make for a very  enjoyable environment. You feel very cramped up inside, and again I'll reiterate that we weren't too impressed with their sand whichGluten free hoagies. GLUTEN FREE HOAGIES.
I don't get why more Philly joints aren't catering to GF folks since you can pretty much freeze bread forever, but these guys do. The bread is pretty standard prepack GF bread, nothing to write home about, but you can have an actual hoagie, out with friends. Their meats are home made and delicious. They also accommodate altering hoagies from the standard order really easily (no cheese for me, unfortunately). 
If you're a celiac, you might have to use your best judgement about contamination. It's all just one kitchen. I'm intolerant, but not a celiac, and I've always been fine.
The one down side, I'd recommend getting it in person if you can. Delivery tends to take a while and sometimes they get part of the order wrong.Finally made it down to Paesano's.  It located in the heart of South Philly and the Italian Market. Parking can be an adventure down here with the narrow streets. I was lucky and snagged a space pretty much in front of the place. There is a city run pay lot close to the market also, that is probably the best bet.
Paesano's II is small, there are 2 or 3 tables, some counter seating and and stand up counter seating. I would guess maybe 25 people can eat in here maximum. The place was pretty crowded on a Saturday afternoon and they were busy with both take out and eat in and catering orders. The place is no frills, the menu is on a big chalk board. We placed our order and we were again lucky when a table opened up for us.
I ordered the Arista - Whole Roasted Pulled Pork, Broccoli Rabe, Italian Long Hots & Sharp Provolone and my daughter ordered the eponymous Paesano - Beef Brisket, Horseradish Mayo, Roasted Tomatoes, Pepperoncino, Sharp Provolone & Fried Egg. My Arista was great, the long hots gave it a nice degree of heat and the pork was tender and juicy. My only complaint, and a small one at that, is the the roll became soggy quickly. The Paesano was described as the best sandwich my daughter ever ordered.
Paesanos is not that expensive. The sandwiches are  $8.00 to $9.00 and are big without being overkill. Paesanos is CASH only, they do have an ATM. They have soft drinks (fountain) and provide cups for water. They have a sink for washing your hands and you will love this sink believe me. I don't think they have a public bathroom but I am not sure.
The food here is so much better then a cheese steak! Worth the parking battles and narrow streets.Great food, now open late! This place is fantastic and better since they moved. They now stay open late and finally make cheesesteaks. Not much else to say, but I would suggest it anytime.I am a hoagie-man.  Every time I am in Philly it is a must stop to pick up a hoagie from Sarcone's or a roasted pork, aged provolone and broccoli rabe from Dinics.  I am so obsessed I drive my son to parkour lessons in Philly on the weekends so I can get a hoagie.
About 3 months ago, I stopped at Paesano's.  Amazing food!  I have tried every sandwich and can't believe how good these are.  Trust the menu, and don't change around the sandwich because you don't think you will like it.  Who ever made up these sandwiches is a genius because everything taste great together.  I am hooked on this place!Wow.  These sandwiches are fantastic.  If I'm in the mood for a sandwich, I really can't think of a place I'd rather go.
Thus far I've consumed the Paesano, Arista, Tuscan Tony, and Diavlo.  All of them ridiculous.  I can't even pick a favorite.  I'm working my way down the menu and can't imagine any of them not being great.  
I'm not even a broccoli rabe fan typically and these guys make it taste like sex.
Go here.  You won't regret it.  Eat your food there or very soon after picking it up.  Once the bread gets soggy it loses some of it's magic.The guys behind the counter at Paesano's are half the fun of this place.  They're friendly even while they're working hard, and I love their whole attitude.  They create a warm friendly atmosphere that's felt good each time I've walked in.
The place is tiny, seats maybe 8 people, and the sammys are fantastic.  The Arista (roast pork with provolone and long hots for kick) is so, so damn good... but then so is every other sandwich I've had here.
My one complaint... why can't I get the fried lasagna sandwich at this location when I can get it in South Philly?Come here hungry! The sandwiches are the size of a large subs. You can grab a drink from the fridge and have a seat while two guys prepare your food. We walked a long ways from our hotel to eat here hoping to enjoy one of the sandwiches prior yelpers raved about. The staff was super friendly and had our sandwiches to us very quickly. I ordered the Paesano. I saw it had horseradish sauce and knew it wasn't my favorite flavor, but, because it was one of their most popular sandwiches, I ordered it anyway. I shouldn't have and I blame that on my own judgment. It lacked much flavor in the meat, but made up for it in the horseradish sauce which I didn't love. It was really juicy too so the bread got soggy too fast. My husband ordered the Daddy Wad and said his was ok. My daughter ordered the cheesesteak with just steak and cheese, nothing else, and I thought hers tasted the best. It feels like your neighborhood philly boys making you a sandwich, but I thought it lacked the flavor I was looking for.Paesano's is wonderful for lunch or dinner right on the Italian Market! The servivce is very quick and friendly with a wonderful assortment of tantalizing sandwiches. 
Come hungry as these are ample portions of the Paesano's version of some of our Philadelphia tastes as well as some wonderfully inventive treats of their own. Price is reasonable.How great is this: tiny unassuming restaurant with a menu (a blackboard) that takes up a whole wall of the restaurant, and every sandwich is complex, fresh, multiple ingredients and outstanding. The Giardina is crazy insane effing awesome. Love them!Now this is a great sandwich place. Perfect bread, finely crafted ingredients and a dedicated staff. I cannot wait to go back. I meditate regretted not getting a second (okay, third) sandwich to go.I will join the other yelpers and grovel at their feet. 
The Paesano made me want to go downtown and shove this in the faces of everyone standing in line for Pat's and Gino's.  Whiz is kinda gross.  
Warm, chewy sesame-crusted italian bread.  Real brisket brined to perfection.  So juicy and tender.  There must be at least 1.5 pound of meat, if not more in this sandwich.  Real, sharp provolone cheese. 
Roasted tomatoes are wonderful.  Pepperoncini and  Horseradish mayo
and a fried egg. 
I could only finish half of it because it was so huge.  I saved the other half for lunch the next day, and I thought it would become a soggy nightmare.  But, it turned out to be just as yummy when i nuked it.  I ate it alone, so I gobbled it down messily and barbarically.  Tarzan, be jealous.
I also tried the Suckling Pig sandwich, which was amazing, too.  See Enid C's review below.  
They also have a crepe for $2!!! Best kept cheapest dessert in Philly.  
Nutella and Apricrot preserves in a crepe!Everything was good here. My favorite sandwich was the "Stathoochi" (hopefully spelled right) it had turkey in it. It was similar to a turkey hoagie.Had the roast pork and it was incredible. I can honestly say that they are better than DiNic's. It's cash only here which is just crazy but it doesn't change how good the food is.Sooo yummy!!!  The bread, the sauce, the toppings...  oh, how I wish I live in Philly!  One of the best sandwiches I've ever had in my life!  I bow to your awesomeness.Just because you are in Philly does not mean that you should eat a Philly Cheesesteak.
Come here for the Arista (roast pork sandwich with broccoli rabe and peppers) and make sure you get early. You dont want to run out of bread.Hold off for a real steak and fries from Jim's, Pats, or Genos or little Nicks. This place isn't very good. Employee was friendly and niceThis place is the definition of flavortown. The sandwiches are unique and a refreshing change of pace from the overdone roast pork & cheesesteak joints. I've ate my way thru most of the menu, so here are my up to the minute sandwich rankings:
#1 Gustaio -- Out of Bounds!
#2 Paesano -- Dynamite!
#3 Diavolo -- Bomb-dot-com Tasty!
#4 Tuna Italiano -- Funkalicious!
#5 Giardina -- Gangsta!
#6 Arista -- Shut the Front Door!
#7 Roast Beef Trapenese -- Off the hook!
#8 Philly -- The Real Deal!
#9 Italian Tony -- Righteous!Today I had the BEST sandwich of all time.....the ARISTA. After reading the many reviews, I went here today knowing i would order the arista and the potatoes, if available. This has to be the best tasting sandwich I have ever had. From the fresh roll to the flavorful pork, it was simply the best. I was lucky to score some potatoes and really enjoyed them for both lunch and dinner. Thank you Paesanos!! I will definitely be back.There are many fantastic places to eat in the Italian Market area but Paesano's II is one of the best. They have a menu of seriously well thought out sandwich combinations. In particular I must sing the praises of their "Il Gustaio," which is quite possibly the most tasty sandwich in all of Philadelphia  - a clever and sweet/savory combination of lamb, fennel, cherry spread and gorgonzola. 
The place is simple and in the summer there are a few tables outside. The service has always been friendly and swift. This is an easy easy choice.Good stuff, had a sampling of sandwiches from paesano's this weekend and they were all fantastic.  The sausage is covered in peppers and onions and other goodies, the roast pork was awesome, love the super spicy long hots on this one.  At 8 bucks for a hot sandwich the price is good considering the quality of the food.  I am currently formulating a reason to get here this week!!Amazingly generous and welcoming staff! The sandwich was really fresh too!If you eat the Tuna Italiano sandwich at Paesano's, I promise you'll never want another from anywhere else. These guys have turned something as basic as a tuna sandwich into a culinary work of art. The blend of flavors and textures is amazing. 
The shop is clean and spacious, with indoor and outdoor seating. Employees are friendly, efficient, and professional. I'm looking forward to trying more menu options here!Short and sweet: this place makes a freaking fantastic sandwich. We live down the street, and unfortunately, Paesano's has us so hooked, we haven't really tried any other sandwich place in Philly. Honestly I am not sure we're missing out - the Diavolo is as close to perfection in the hot sandwich category as I can currently imagine, and the Daddywad is your quintessential Italian hoagie. The ingredients are quality and the flavors are great.
The staff is, as others have noted....colorful. Lately they seem more friendly and welcoming than when we first started going there. I used to find it best to go in knowing what I wanted, cash in hand ready to go, soup-Nazi style, in order to avoid attitude/embarrassment at the hands of the smart-ass cooks. More recently, though, they've been more friendly. If you're a lady, you'll probably get winked at.So the day before I left Philly I took a stroll with my SO to Paesano's, as I had heard from a self-proclaimed sandwich snob and overall foodie that this was the best sandwich place he had ever encountered. Wow, I thought, I have to hit this up as one of my bon voyage meals.
Perhaps it was the fact that I didn't want to like anything too much before leaving the PHY, but I have to say Paesano's was really good but not as incredible as I had expected.
I had the special, which was a smoked turkey with provolone and Parmesan cheese along with a scrumptious garlic mayonnaise. Can I just say that I HATE mayo. Yeah, and this sandwich would not have been really tasty without the delic garlicy creaminess - makes me re-evaluate my feelings towards mayo completely - well, not really. However, the sandwich was good, even the half I ate a day later. My only gripe was the parmesan flavor was way too overpowering.
My SO had the hot sandwich Diavolo with chicken, salami, and cheddar. I had heard good things on Yelp so I thought it would be better than my sandwich but we both agreed my special was much more on point. His was good but the major problem was that the toppings were not evenly spread out so you either got too much cheese or no cheese at all. But overall it was decent and better than most hot sandwiches I've tried.
I like the simple, contemporary, clean setting. The prices were all right and the service was ok, although the waitress was chit-chatting the whole time with some guy that she obviously was flirting with even though they were both attached...niceIn the words of Borat (and yes, I'm still pulling a 2006 joke), "Oh la la!" Not only did my garlic/pig/pepper breath reek havoc on Philadelphia that day, but I was quarantined in my home for 24 hours. I'm sorry for being so graphic, but does this not set the mood for comfort food or what?! 
Philly is notorious for "the sandwich place." Every day I overhear somebody talking about the new sandwich place at dot dot dot. Why do we love steak sandwiches, hoagies, hero's, etc. so much? What's so cool about a good sandwich? Well, I'm hear to tell you, it's everything. There's nothing better than a cold Philly night of boozing and stopping by "the sandwich place" to grab an artery-clogger. Each bite, sinking you further and further into a deep and comforting coma. Before you know it, your brow is sweating from the long-hots, and you cool it down with a micro-brew. And in your deepest and darkest moment, you realize how pathetic life has gotten that "this" is heaven. But hey, that's how us Philadelphian's role... we did just get rated ugliest people in the country... 
As for Paeson's, all above applies. The sandwich's they make will cripple you and leave you praying for me. My recommendation, the Arista (whole roasted suckling pig w/ broccoli rabe, Italian long hots, sharp provolone and natural jus). "Oh la la."Fried lasagna and crispy fried meatloaf sandwiches on fresh, Philly bread? Sign me up for a billion more. Paesano's is the best!
Stopped here on a sandwich tour of Philadelphia (yes, some friends of mine and I decided to tour the city that we feel makes the most of the area between the bread) and obviously ended up at Paesano's in the Italian Market. We ordered equal amounts of the fried lasagna sandwich and the fried meatloaf. We could not have made better decisions. 
The fried meatloaf was first. Generous helpings of meatloaf that seemed to be pan fried in oil (not deep fried as you might imagine) just enough to get the outer edges crispy and the inside hot were layered inside of a seeded roll. Add homemade sauce and fresh, melty mozzarella and you have a simple, yet cleverly delicious take on the standard meatball grinder. I loved this sandwich. 
Despite my affinity for the meatloaf, I may have fallen more in love with the fried lasagna sandwich. Same bread as the above, with the same frying technique used on the lasagna. The key to this sandwich? A fried egg between the guts of the sammy and the bread. Doesnt seem to really make any sense at all, but in my mouth it was singing harmonies that hadnt been sung before. 
All of this amazingness at reasonable prices and you can see why Paesano's is a staple of the sandwich circuit and somewhere I will go back to every time I am in the city of brotherly love.By far my favorite sandwich spot anywhere.  If you're in the area and want a sandwich to make love to you, eat here.Ordered a Giardina sandwich for delivery from grubhub. Based on all the great Yelp reviews, I was pretty excited for an authentic hoagie since I usually resort to the Subway down the street for my hoagie cravings. The sandwich had eggplant, peppers, mozzarella, and pesto. Sounds delicious right? I was extremely disappointed. Aside from the sandwich being soggy (which is acceptable I guess since it was delivery),  it was overly sweet that I could barely take a few bites of the sandwich before I had to throw it out. The sweetness was very overpowering, so much so that I could not even taste the eggplant and basil pesto that I was looking forward to. I even took the sweet peppers out in an attempt to salvage the sandwich, but everything was drenched in balsamic vinegar. To make matters worse, the bread was not fresh! Maybe this place is just not for vegetarians. Next time, I'll just stick to Subway.Ok. So I finally tried Paesano sandwich. I was meaning to try it for very long time. My hubby picked up for me and I had it for lunch next day. I enjoyed it very much and I am sure if I eat fresh one.. I will be blown away.DELICIOUS. This food is great. I love the fact that they serve GLUTEN FREE rolls here for their sandwiches...and that the sandwiches are INCREDIBLE...fresh, piping hot. So good. I can taste the meat melting in my mouth, with the cheese and eggs oozing out the side... Really, you have to try it. 
The only downside: it can get crowded, which slows down the service...and on top of that there isn't much space to sit, so you'll most likely have to find a place nearby outside (meaning down the block-- there are no outdoor tables here), particularly if you have a group of more than 2 people.Finally made it to the Paesano's in the Italian Market. Of course it gets 5-stars, duh - it's the best sandwich place ever. I do like the counter at the Girard location but there is more seating here. I wish I had the stomach I had 10 years ago, eating a whole sandwich is no longer good for my system.I love roast pork sandwiches so I always look for the best one. This is one of them. My top three are this johns roast pork and Dinics.. What I look for is juiciness, the cheese and bread.. This sandwich is great they add peppers on it which add a great flavor. It's juicy and the bread is amazing. I wish the cheese was a little sharper but it was good. The way it's cooked is different from Dinics but it's good! I recommend it! It's way better than johns and right up there with Dinics.Had the Arista and it was truly delicious... Im a pork sandwich expert and didnt think anyone could compare to DeNics or Lennys in Conshy. Well this is just as good if not a bit better.  Great flavor... perfectly spiced with no need to add s&p. Great that this location exists since its less crowded than S. Philly location.i've been going to paesano's for a while now and use to love it.  like the other recent reviews, the past few times it's been different.  some of the sandwiches just aren't up to par compared to what they use to be and don't taste as good.  the bigger issue is how small the sandwiches are now.  for a month or two, the sandwiches have been much smaller than before.  i finally asked one of the guys working there and he said all of the sandwiches are now smaller.  whattt???  i don't like that.  at $8 a pop, either lower the price if you're going to give me less or charge me a bit more and give me the same size sandwich i use to get.  not sure what is causing the food to be not as good or the sandwiches to be significantly smaller???
i hope things go back to how they were before...Incredible sandwiches, made on great GLUTEN FREE BREAD!!!
You can't go wrong with this place if you triedAfter seeing Paesano's signature sandwich (aptly called Paesano) on an episode of Throwdown w/ Bobby Flay, I knew I just had to drive the two hours to get one, and it was really well worth the trip! As everyone said, it's a hole-in-the-wall and quite easy to miss, so when you're on Girard Ave and see the large yellow Mcdonald's arch, you know you're close! (a block away from either direction)
I ordered the Paesano, which is a beef brisket sandwich on an Italian hoagie roll with roasted tomato pepperoncino, sharp provolone, horseradish mayo, and fried egg. The key is the egg here, which soaks up all the juices of the brisket and the rest of the ingredients, but note that the brisket is quite fatty like the texture of soft bacon. The Diavlo, which is a spicy chicken sandwich w/ salami, tomatoes, broccoli rab, and sharp provolone, also on Italian, is the perfect combination of the saltiness of the chicken and salami to the undertones of sweetness from the provolone. Both sandwiches were extremely juicy and flavorful, which I personally feel comes their rather colonial-esque cast-iron pans. 
Having tried Dinic's brisket sandwich at the Reading Terminal Market not 30 minutes prior, I feel that Dinic's meat quality is much better literally melts in your mouth and much more aggressive seasoning, but the overall components of Paesano's sandwiches work better together resulting in, quite frankly, a better sandwich.The broccoli Robb rivals my Italian grandmothers. The only thing that was bad about the place is that my tears of pure bliss ran into my sandwich and made it slightly soggy and salty.  Be prepared to eat the whole sandwich despite your best efforts to control yourself and only tackle half; you are just as likely to be stuck by lightning while being attacked by a shark as you are to stop at half the sandwich. I am just glad I live far enough away that my health and diet are not compromised.My father, brother and I were taking a drive into Pennsylvania and drove through Philly. It wasn't our destination but we were hungry. So a quick look at Yelp and suggestion from my brother's friend and we found Paesanos. 
It is over in a somewhat rundown neighborhood outside of center city and over on Girard. The place is so small you drive right by it, which we did. But once you get there.... 
Walking in you see a total of eight stools, several cases of Hank's soda and many framed photos all weathered with time. This is a hole in the wall, a dive, a place you don't look at a second time if you don't know what it is but apparently a destination. You have the cook with his Flyers hat on running the flattop grill and a second guy seasoning trays of tomatoes for roasting and trimming some fat off a brisket on a butcher block, getting it ready to cook.  So my guess is everything with the exception of the bread is done in-house. And when your entire space is all but 300 square feet, that is an accomplishment. Small chatter about gourmet cheese and hangovers and it is time to order one of the small selection of sandwiches, 10 to be exact.
Those ten choices are tough, but the Paesano was a suggestion on Yelp and we got the Arista. The Paesano has Brisket, Roasted Tomatoes, Pepperoncino, Sharp Provolone, Horseradish Mayo and Fried Egg. It was meaty and creamy and just a little bit of spice with the hot peppers and the mayo. Then I switched with my brother for the rest of his Arista. That sandwich has Roasted pulled pork, sharp (and I mean sharp) provolone, Broccoli Rabe and long hots. That sandwich was very different but also really tasty and very juicy, but not as messy as the first. They even have a few sandwiches that cater to the vegetarian crowd.
Basically you need to search out this place, wait for a stool to open up and enjoy some really good hoagies.
Go, go, go...... enjoy.I finally had my first Paesano's sandwich after drooling over them after I saw them on the Food Network for their Throwdown w/ Bobby Flay.  I had a little trouble deciding, but finally chose the Giardina which was ooooh sooo good.  The Giardina is one of their vegetarian options with eggplant, mozarella and basil pesto.  My boyfriend got the Paesonos which is the one that was featured on the show.  The sandwich very decadent with beef brisket, fried egg, and provolone.  The sandwich also weighed a ton and was delicious, but a little too heavy for my taste.  
I can't wait to go back and try the Arista w/ suckling pig!I'm happy for you, Dinic's, and Imma let you finish, but Paesano's makes one of the best sandwiches of all time... of all time.
I typically avoid most Caucasian foods (definition: food that does not typically come with MSG). Sandwiches are to me about as exciting as watching fossils turn into fossil fuel. The only Philly sandwich places I voluntarily go to are Rybread and Dinic's (not counting Max's and Chink's for steaks), till yesterday.
With typical hesitation, I let my friends talk me into trying Paesano's. In short, this spot is legit legit. Picture Lebron on the free throw line at the end of the game with his team down 2. Picture Todd Pinkston running a crossing route with Troy Polamalu bearing down on him. Picture Brad Lidge with a 2 run lead in the World Series and ARod at the plate. Paesano's is the polar opposite.
I got the Gustaio to go. By the time I got to eat it, it was cold. It was still, hands down, the most clutch sandwich I've ever had. It was so packed with flavor, I wasn't even slightly tempted to add MSG. That says a lot.This place is a real gem, with great inexpensive food and a friendly, non-fussy atmosphere. The Arista (roast suckling pig, broccoli rabe, longhots, and sharp provolone) is my personal favorite, but everything on the menu is a winner.First, Paesano's is a sibling of Sarcone's. Sarcone's has some of the best bread I have ever eaten. Thus, using Sarcone's bread for Paesano's sandwiches automatically give Paesano's an edge over all competition.
Paesano's Meatloaf Parmesan is the epitome of comfort in sandwich form. It's an amazing version of "mom's meatloaf" ('cause duh, it's fried!) with delicious red sauce and mozzarella on aforementioned divine bread. Even the hungriest person will be full after consuming this sandwich.
I've also tried the Bolognese sandwich, 'cause adding a fried egg always makes food better, which was good, but I think the  Meatloaf Parmesan wins that match-up.
PS. They deliver to Center City office buildings, folks!Got the Arista...  One of the best I have ever had...  Smaller place but the guys working there are great.  
The wife had the the Giardina, which was excellent as well...
Every sandwich on the menu looks amazing...  Can't wait to go back and try another...The chef here is a freaking genius! The sandwiches and to die for! I usually get the Giardina, which has no meat at all and some how leaves you feeling like you did with its yummy roasted eggplant and mozzarella. The paesano is delicious too but the special they had the other day with pork belly and a fried egg might be the closest thing to a perfect meal that I have ever come across. It needs to be added to the menu. The chef also makes killer soups tooIf I could, I would eat here everyday! Today I had the Paesano sandwich and the potato arrosto. The sandwich was perfect...so juicy and flavorful. The potato arrosto is cooked in pork fat and that was amazing as well, especially for $2.I have attempted to eat here a bunch of times but I always seemed to miss its open hours, even though my friend works there and I live around the corner (it closes at 7pm). 
Last night I finally was able to experience the succulence of a Gustaio (lamb sausage) sandwich with sun-dried cherries, gorgonzola and fennel. The Lovely Deanna makes the sausage right there in front of you!!  Everything we got was delicious and I am still full today (but I am a small person). They give you wet-naps because everything is so juicy that it can get messy. I can't wait to go back for the Crispelle (crepe with nutella and apricot)!
It's a small spot, so don't go with a group, but GO!  Go tonight!  And tip the cook ;-)First time to Philly, and first time at Paesano's, and now I may travel two hours back to Philly for this sandwich shop alone! Walking in, I knew I picked the right spot, it smelled authentically amazing as soon as I walked in the door. One thing I have learned over the years, is that the small spot off the beaten path always are THE BEST, with a select menu of about 8 or 9 perfectly crafted sandwiches, it's pretty much a given that they know what they are doing and they are going to do it WELL!  We ordered the Arista and the Tuscan Tony, and legit some of the best sandwiches I have ever had...EVER! I am someone that thought they did not like hotdogs until I came here, I probably will only eat a hot dog if it comes from Paesano's from here on out. The flavor combinations are spot on for each sandwich and my only regret is not ordering 2 more sandwiches to take back on the road with me. I am currently sitting at my desk at work wishing I had a leftover Paesano's sandwich for lunch. The guy working behind the counter was such a sweetheart and very welcoming, he even packed me up some extra roasted potatoes to take back on the road with me (which were delicious by the way). If you ever expand out of Philly, please come to Maryland/DC. I will be your number 1 customer lol. 
Don't go to Philly for the usual cheesesteak experience, come to Paesano's and get a real sandwich.  I rarely write Yelp reviews, so trust me when I say this place surpasses the hype for me to write about it!Gooey, juicy, messy, flavorful.... An EXCELLENT sandwich. Was so worth it. Paesanos is a cute little shop where you walk in and order and seat yourself. Grab a soda before you sit. They have a decent selection of sandwiches and fries if you'd like. I ordered the paesano and it held up to the hype. The meat was cooked perfectly. I loved it. The fries were delicious and not greasy. It was a great meal. When you're done head up to the front to pay and remember CASH ONLY. There is an ATM inside though if you forget.  I'm already thinking of what sandwich I'm gonna try next!I thought "ehhhh, sandwiches, how good can they really be?".... Boy where they good! They were actually pretty amazing. 
First of all, the location is great. They are right in the italian market which means lots of interesting people watching... All the philly hipsters, some old italian men, and a little bit of everything else. The shop is spacious and has some indoor seating. The staff is also very friendly and they dont really rush you.
I had the gustaio (lamb sausage, fennel, cherry mustard, and goat cheese i think). It was pretty darn good. I wanted more... I still want more. My friend had the paesanos which was equally impressive, very tasty, and large. We also shared the potatoes arrosto and even though they were great, we barely had two each since we were both stuck to our respective sandwiches (and sometimes the other person's sandwich).
What a great Philly staple. I will miss you when I leave Paesano's... but until then, I'll make it my mission to try all your sandwiches.This place has spectacular sandwiches.  The only problem is that they lack the rest.  Parking sucks/drink option suck and the counter tops are often grimy and sticky. Everyone overlooks these things because there sandwiches are flat out amazing.  This place could clean up and reinvest in itself and then be a philly staple like pats. 
Fyi. Cash only.This place is amazing. Screw Gino's and Pat's if youre looking for a delicious sandwich. This place is cheaper and a million times better. the Paesano is awesome.I was shook with sheer panic when I thought that Paesano's had left me.  It was sweeet relief when I learned that they'd just moved down the street. Believe me, I was ready to make plans to trek up to Northern Libs to the OG location...cause I can't have you outta my life, Paesan. I will stalk the Hell outta you. *Chilling stare, eyes four-sides white*
I have sampled almost every sandwich the Paesano's offers and they're damn good, I tell you. These are some well thought out sandwiches. Every little touch means so much, I'm sayin... 
For instance, their non-mayonnaisey (YAY) Tuna Italiano has hard boiled egg, green olives, peperoncino, roasted tomatoes, arugula and a sprinkin' of ripple potato chips and it all works like a champ, all these little touches. Enjoy these inventive sandwiches. Do it.
Why am I rambling on about tuna when I could be tellin you about brisket? I love that "Paesano." It's juicy beef brisket, sharp provolone, a sunny egg....Delicious! T
he "Arista " is a fine, fine roast pork sandwich too... Ahhh and the "Bolognese," you cripy fried lasagna thing, you... GOOD! Red sauce, sweet peppers, smoked mozzarella and a fried egg... OH and "Meatloaf Parmesan, " is dope too! 
Please, I will not forget to praise your Italian hoagie either. I can't forget to show some appreciation for that smoked turkey special too... Stataiooch! 
I DO miss being able to sit a spell at Paesano's as I feast cause there's not much seating besides some counter space (which are always taken up of course). 
 Now I have to run home with my sack o' sandwiches as fast as my little feet can carry me...  but I shan't complain... 
 I'm just so happy you're still here being all crazy delicious up in my neighborhood.I dont say this often but one best sandwiches I have ever had.  Order the pesano or diovalo.Here's how it's gonna go.
You'll step in. You'll look at the menu. You'll order a sandwich and eat it.
Then you will plan a return visit wondering which one you'll try next...and curse your stomach for not being able to eat them all.I barely need to say anything - ditto everything everyone else said.  I've had every single thing on the (Girard Ave location) menu and it's all amazing, all of it.  And GF bread now!  Casual, easy, cash-only.  It's soooo gooooooooooood.Authentic atmosphere, cool and friendly folks behind the counter, and scrumptious sandwiches. Not to be missed.I have been to most of the philly cheesesteak staples and so far, Paesano's is the best. Not sure what else to say. The most flavorful cuts of steak I've ever tasted in a Philly Cheesesteak.Make sure you don't have anything planned for a couple hours after eating any one of these sandwiches, your body has a a tough time coping with the sensory overload. The sandwiches are a plethora of awesomeness in each dribbling bite...Fast in, fast out, good food, reasonable price - if you're headed to the Italian market and need lunch before you start shopping, this is it.So let's start with the first sandwich:
Arista-pork and veg- this sandwich had my taste buds singing from the heavens. The whole sandwich had such a perfect balance of savory pork, slight bitter from Broccoli Rabe, vinegary and heat from the Italian long peppers, and that sharp provolone to happily combine all the flavors together.. the roast pork alone had sooo much flavor, I could jst eat it on its own.. but seriously where have u been all my life.
Second sandwich 
Paesano - now this one jst blew me out of the water once I landed from the heavens after the ARISTA.. that tender and juicy beef brisket with a slight kick of the horseradish mayo, then the spice and vinegar flavor from pepperoncino slaps your tongue to prepare ur mouth to taste all the ingredients together. The sharp provolone and egg was like  icing on the cake.
Every item they put in the sandwich had a purpose and was used to enhance the flavor of the whole sandwich. The only thing that saddens me is that it's all the way in philly and not around my corner..Great sandwiches but these guys are so rude! Awful customer service, it's a damn shame because they have delicious sandwiches.Walked to the Italian Market just for this! Got the Arista which was the pulled suckling pork. That one is easy to take out as well because it's not dripping with sauce and juice. The Paesanos was very very delicious but must be eaten ASAP. Big sandwiches!My family and I agreed these were best sandwiches we've ever had in our lives. I hate to abuse the word literally but--literally.  These are sandwiches that will live on in our memories for many years to come, they're that good.  Also friendly staff. Simple place but kid-friendly. In short we loved it, and it was a great antidote to our D'Angelo Bros. experience right before this (see my review) that turned our questionable afternoon at the Italian Market into something great.Amazing sandwiches. The chef is awesome and those parmesan potatoes???!! To die for. I used to work down the street from there and came often since the owner was one of my clients. Small, cramped and quaint, this place churns out some delicious sandwiches!!! Yum!Had the paesano. And what delight. Flavorsome and filling for $9. Ca$h only but there's an ATM INSIDE.I never knew the gates to sandwich heaven were tucked into a small shop off 9th street in the Italian Market.  Don't even question IF you should go to Paesano's but WHEN.  This place is off the charts good and it not only lives up but surpasses the hype. 
I finally was working close by in south philly and had a chance to stop in for lunch.  After hitting the parking jack pot by finding an open space less than a block away my mouth started to water. The entrance is unassuming and the interior is small but has the look of what I think every good sandwich shop should.  There were several sandwich options and they were written in detail over the front counter.
I chose the Paesano and for $8 it was a steel. There is nothing they could do to make this sandwich any better.  Paesano's is now on my short list.A very solid 4. Got the paesano and gustaio. First, the customer service was great. The guys were very friendly and patient. They even directed us to a park where we could eat our sandwiches. 
The paesano was good, need a little bit of seasoning for our palette. The gustaio was very good. Best lamb sausage I've ever had. Excellent. 
If we are in the area, we would definitely stop by. Check it out.If I were on death row then Paesano's would probably be my last meal. I'd order the Arista - suckling roast pig, garlicky broccoli rabe, spicy long hots, and sharp provolone - which is hands down the best sandwich in Philly. The Meatloaf Parm and Bolognese (which seems to only be available at the South Philly location) ain't too shabby either. Please go here and worship Peter McAndrews.Big fan of Peter McAndrew's but Meh...  Used to love the Girard Avenue location.  The Chicken Diavlo is one of my favorite sandwiches ever.  I live much closer to this Paesano's but rarely go.  Had the Arista one time and there was so much fat in it I threw the entire sandwich out.  Got the Paesano one time and it was cold which I thought it was supposed to be?  No...  Got it again and they had put too much horseradish mayo on it.  Sandwiches are a little out there especially if it's not going to be done to high-standards (crispy chicken liver sandwich??  I eat anything but I dunno about that one).  Quality is not as good as Girard avenue location so I normally just only go to that one, if at all because it takes a while to get a sandwich there unless you call ahead.If you're craving a great sandwich this is a great place to go. We both got the paesanos, and  I got mine with a gluten free roll. The roll was great. It was about the same size as the regular sandwich and didn't crumble like some GF rolls. I would recommend this restaurant for anyone searching for a place that accommodates for gluten-free diets. I can't wait to go back and try another sandwich! Remember to take cash!Best sandwiches in the city. Period. Every sandwich has been composed by chef Peter McAndrews of Modo Mio across the street. Each sandwich is put together perfectly, like a work of art. The total being much greater than simply the sum of the parts. Flavors complement each other and intermingle in a joyous party in your mouth. Remember that each ingredient on the sandwich is an important component in the final product so never order a sandwich without everything that it's supposed to come with. Leave the work to chef McAndrews. Lastly, if you can, eat your sandwich at the shop. I know the place is small but I feel a sandwhich from Paesano's tends to lose its magic for takeout if it sits too long in the wrapper. The 9th St locale is probably better suited for this.Forget Pat's, forget Geno's. Go to freaking Paesano's. My lord this place is delicious. Visited Philly for the weekend and actually ate here twice, it was so good we came back! We visited both locations. The 9th ave location has more room, but the NE Philly one is more atmosphere. The cook is there yelling orders, calling girls beautiful, and all around being funny. Get the Paesano or the Diavlo. #JaEatYetThis is one of my favorite sandwich shops. I don't want to say the best because it depends upon what kind of sandwich. Cheese steaks & roast pork, I go to Johns Roast Pork. A Paesano or one of their other specialty sandwiches are second to none. The roast potatoes are decadent. This is a 5 star sandwich shop, worth  the wait. Cash onlyBest sandwiches anywhere.  Period.  The Arista and Diavolo both deliver mouthgasms.  I'd like to try more of the menu but I simply can't deviate from those two.I've tried about half the sandwiches on the menu and have enjoyed every one of them. I really don't think you can go wrong with whatever you choose. Surprisingly (because I'm a big meat eater), my favorite is the Giardina (a vegetarian option), it's amazing.  I considered knocking it down to 4 stars because it's pretty dirty and uninviting inside, but the sandwiches are just too good. Usually we just get them to go and walk over to the little park at 10th and Carpenter.Have been to Philly a few times, twice to this sweet sandwich spot. Few sandwiches can stand up to Paesano's. Definitely worth a trip.Awesome subs,  best I've had in a while. Price for what you get is insanely good.  Subs are packed to the brim.  My sub was pretty much an italian sub my SO ordered one with lasagna in it which was pretty good, I had a bite or two! They only accept cash but they do have an atm inside. Recommend to try! Was a little small and cramped but the food was so good.The best artisan sandwich shop in the 215 now has CHEESESTEAKS. You heard it here first -- Paesano's II in the Italian Market has finally caved to their fanbase's slavering demands and added Philadelphia's number-one contribution to modern society to the menu. 
There's not much more to add to the rave reviews other yelpers have posted. The much-lauded Arista is indeed the most rewarding thing a meat-eater can purchase for less than $10, its savory suckling pig offset with piquant sharp provolone and seriously spicy peppers.
A cold sandwich, the Daddy Wad, is a thick-cut take on the traditional Italian hoagie; that aforementioned sharp prov takes another impactful turn here.  Stinky cheese-haters, beware. 
The beefy Paesano, a drippy concoction of braised brisket topped with a totally decadent fried egg, should indeed come with a side of statins, but what the heck, I'd rather live the short and gluttonous life anyway. 
Cash only. Be sure to phone in your order during prime-time Saturday hours and sporting events to skip a long wait in line.This place is pretty damn good.
Came here a few times and have yet to be dissapointed. Arista with long hots is my go to.
Small space but I usually take my order to go. One of the best in philly.Paesano's is a little sandwich shop on Girard with exactly 7 bar stools and enough standing room to accommodate the 7 people extra waiting for their orders. No big sign, and no bold or flashy colors. You could drive by it 5 times and not see it, which is OBVIOUSLY what happened to me-or I wouldn't have mentioned it!  Parking is not an issue, and is not metered (free!) 2am-8pm for 2 hrs at a time.
Apparently this little shop was featured on the food network-it's claim to fame and popularity booster (told to me by the guy who made my sandwich), but I guess I missed it. It has been on my Yelp radar for a while now, and I had the chance to finally try it! The guys in there are pretty funny, bantering with each other and making digs and jokes. I mean, what else can you do when the line is out the door and you barely have the time for a sip of water? Mindlessly teasing and talking makes the time to your next "phew!" or potty break a whole lot faster. Even though I had initially wanted to grab and go, a counter stool became available, so me and my little Diavlo (read: amazing chicken sandwich) sat down for some real time eating.
Verdict on the meal? Scrumptious! I like the sesame seed bun/bread. Just the right crunch and chewiness after toasting. The chicken was well cooked and the cheese and arugula inside made my heart melt. I liked watching them prepare all the other orders as I ate my sammie. A great little shop that deserves all the popularity coming it's way. It's a bit out of my way, but I am eager to try some of the other special sandwiches. The price runs $6-8, with drinks $1 and some sides for $2. enjoy!One of the real Philly sandwiches (ie. Cheesesteak, roast pork).  Don't mess around, just get the namesake sandwich.  Insane.  Make sure to get the potatoes and a Hank's to wash it down.  You'll be set for most of day.  Bring cash!  I think they might Venmo? If you really need to change it up, the Gustaio is the next best thing, followed by the Diavlo.  One day I'll go to the S. Philly location so I can try the Liveracce sandwich that they don't offer at the Girard location.  In addition, if you are looking for a cheesesteak, you will not find it here unless they have a cheesesteak as a daily special...which is pretty damn good, but you're at Paesanos.  Just get the Paesano.The Zawzeech is one of the best sandwiches I've ever had in my entire life. I don't live in Philly, but every time I visit, going to Paesano's is a high priority. I wouldn't be surprised if one day I visited the city for the sole purpose of eating a Zawzeech. I think about this sandwich at least once a month, if not once every two weeks.
*Also, this is a specific review for this location. I had the Zawzeech from the Center City location once and for whatever reason it was not as good.Love love love!! As a celiac, I haven't been able to eat a Philly cheesesteak since moving to Philadelphia but who needs a cheesesteak when you can have an amazing sandwich here! We always stop by when we visit the Italian market.A year ago I left N Libs and my request was I must live walking distances to a Paesano's....hence my current location.  Although it moved 1/2 a block farther from mi casa  to a new location, it's OK b/c a typical Paesano sandwich probably clocks in at 900 calories and the extra 50 steps should but a healthy dent into my 1800 calorie meal...yep I eat 2.  The usual suspects are there: Paesano, Daddy wad & Arista ..and my new addition to my food harem...ms.  liveracce- crispy chicken livers w/ salami, gorgonzola and a tangy sauce. The other sandwiches are decent too but the 4 of these sandbitches are part of my regular rotation. I would eat here everyday if that would not lead me to rocking a cup size of a hooter's waitress.Visiting Philly? Forget the usual cheesesteak places- Jim's, Pat's, Geno's. Paesano's kills it, oh and the don't have cheesesteaks. Why? Focus. They do a soup of the day, a salad, a couple simple sides, and what they do best: wide range of sloppy sandwiches. Sloppy in a good way. These sandwiches have so much flavor it makes me drool just thinking about it, oh and you'll need napkins. And the combinations are creatively refreshing- The Arista: juicy roasted suckling pig, long hots, broccoli rabe, and sharp provolone- fagettabout it!The two vegetarian sandwiches we had were indeed delicious.  However, several unsanitary practices we observed unfortunately detracted the culinary expediencethe in a significant way...
 The two sandwich makers not wearing gloves, and picking up pieces of food to eat as they were making the sandwiches, was a little off putting.
 Then, the delivery person came in, he hanged cash to one of the sandwich makers; he took the money, put it in his pocket, and continue making the sandwich without washing his hands...   and to top it off, the cashier came from behind the counter to literally DROP a floor rubber mat down on the ground; it kicked up a small gust dust wind covering our bodies and food with whatever that was on the dirty ground and mat.  
I know, it is a small sandwich shop in the Italian market; but, there should be very basic sanitary rules that that even MacDonald's has to abide by to prevent making your clients sick!!
I give the food 4 stars for taste, but the sanitary practice and experience 1 star.There's not much more to add. The Arista is my favorite sandwhich! The roast pork is juicy and flavorfull, the brocolli raab adds the right amount of bitterness, the provolone balances out the broccoli raab and roast pork, and ofcourse the italian hot peppers add a twist to this beautiful sandwich. Move over Cheesesteak!! The roast pork Broccoli Raab sandwich is the future! 
Oh and just to add, I haven't eaten at John's on snyder, but I think Paesano's beats out dinics at the reading terminal market for sure.Paesano's is small, no frills, straight-forward. It's located directly across the street from big sister restaurant Modo Mio, a wonderful italian BYO (and a Likes and Likes favorite). They only have a few sandwiches listed on the chalkboard menu, and only a few seats in the restaurant itself. But the names and descriptions sounded wonderful, and we were eager to order.
First up, the Daddy Wad. This is the Paesano's take on the traditional Italian hoagie. Pretty standard looking from the outside, but there's a few interesting twists. The ingredients are high-quality and really fresh, something you notice right away when you watch the Italian hoagie being prepared. No shredded iceberg here. Handfuls of whole fresh arugla. Thick tomato slices. Just the right amount of meats, sliced thin. Also, the ends of the bread are cut off (and saved for bread crumb duty across the street) and some of the bread is removed from the inner top half of the roll. Small touches that make a difference when you're eating the sandwich.
We also picked up the Arista, which is a take on another Philly standard - the roast pork sandwich. Again, the same small touches: broccoli rabe cut into manageable chunks. The top half of the bread torn out to provide the right ratio of bread to filling. A hearty portion of shredded pork and au jus.
Sounds great, doesn't it?
Unfortunately, the whole experience was marred by one incredibly important flawed ingredient: the bread. Soggy. Soggy! While we didn't eat our sandwiches right at the counter, we drove five minutes to the house and ate them right away. We both expected the roast pork to be a little bit moist, what with the au jus, but even the bread on the relatively dry hoagie began to disintegrate after only a few bites.
While this may seem a bit like picking nits, when you have purveyors of quite possibly the best bread in the known world right here in Philadelphia, there really isn't an excuse for anything sub-par... especially when being touted as a best sandwich maker.
Maybe we were both a little misled by the hype. Honestly, the sandwiches are good, and we will most certainly be back in the future.But all in all, while the sandwiches were really tasty, we here at Likes and Likes came away a bit underwhelmed.We recently dined in at the new larger location with seating next to their original location.  I was thrilled to see that they have expanded the menu to include some of my favorites from the South Philly location that I do not have the chance to get to as often.  I think they did not have a fryer at their original location which may be why they were able to expand the menu in the new space.
The new restaurant is very pleasant.  It is still counter style but they are nice enough to bring the food out to you at the table you choose.  I will definitely be going back so that I can try all of the sandwiches and sides that I have not yet tried!
My top favorites so far include:
-Arista Sandwich: Roast suckling pork with broccoli rabe, Italian long hots and sharp provolone.  This sandwich will melt in your mouth.  Their suckling pork is incredibly juicy and tender and their sharp provolone is top notch.  
-Paesano Sandwich: Beef brisket with horseradish mayo, roasted tomatoes, pepperoncini, sharp provolone and fried egg. The combination of ingredients on this is perfect.  Horseradish pairs perfectly with the brisket, more of their fabulous sharp provolone and most sandwiches are improved by the addition of a fried egg, in my opinion. 
I also love that they now have the Liveracce Sandwich: Chicken liver, salami, sauteed onions. roasted tomatoes, garlic mayo, hot sauce & gorgonzola.  I love chicken livers and they are so hard to find at restaurants!After reading all of the rave reviews, I decided to head over to Girard location in Philly to try the Arista sandwich... 
I was prepared to fall deeply in love with the suckling pig and it's tasty goodness, but I didn't..  
I ate the sandwich in my car.. As soon as I unwrapped it, the smell of the sharp provolone smacked me in the face... I'm well aware that the "sharp" means full flavored taste, but this was overwhelming.. I almost started gagging.. Between the long hots and sharp provolone, I could barely taste the pork... If the pork is the star of the sandwich, it was lost on me... 
The sarcones roll was awesome (which they always are)...,
If I lived within a few blocks, I would probably try other sandwiches... But it's not worth driving over the bridge for...
No complaints on price... Place was dingy, but so are most neighborhood locations in Philly and I read some comments about the rude workers, which I found to be not true.. Its Philly, don't be so sensitive.Always a great place to go after shopping at the Italian market. The sandwiches are great but the lack of seats and wait time for the food can be hectic. I had a lamb sausage flatbread with grilled onions and fennel and it was delicious. They offer a large amount of gluten free options and some amazing vegetarian offers. 
The menu changes frequently which allows them to be creative and new every time you come in. A great guilty pleasure is their soda selection with Stewart's orange cream soda root beer and black cherry that the unlimited refills makes the wait worthwhile. 
Overall a great choice to go and a must hit when walking the market.It was pretty good. Went down to the Italian Market on a saturday, got some produce, and had lunch and some cannolis. Good day altogether. It was a pain to find seating in the place, however.
I had never had much experience with Italian sandwiches. These were pretty good, but I'm not a big fan of sandwiches anyways. Decently priced, and very large. My girlfriend and I could have shared one and we would have been content.I went here today with my fiance and we both ordered a sandwich. She ordered a Zawzeech and I ordered a Paesano. The dude at the counter cut hers in half and gave one half to each of us. It was by far the best sandwich I ever ate. The sausage was perfectly seared, balance with some amazing sharp provolone, and brought together with sweet roasted peppers. All on this amazing Italian roll.
Then he gave us the Paesano. I shit you not, it was by far the best sandwich I ever ate. Perfectly roasted brisket, pepperoncini, horseradish mayo, and  fried egg. Jesus. That fried egg... 
That's right. I just ate the best sandwich of my life... Then I immediately ate one that was better.While passing through Philly after a family wedding, I wanted to be sure my kids were able to experience the cheese steak phenomena. I asked my brother, a local, whether I should go to Pat's or Geno's and he said the best sandwich on earth was at Paesano's. We followed our unreliable GPS around multiple twists & turns to find Paesano's and boy am I glad we did. While I was initially disappointed that my kids passed on anything more than just taking a taste, their fickle palates freed me to eat almost a whole Paesano on my own. It was tough to keep everything together, with sauce dripping down my forearms onto the plastic bag in my lap as my wife drove, but the sandwich itself was epic. As a Texan, we're not supposed to say anything nice about anything outside the Lone Star State, but I can't recommend this place strongly enough. It's the best.Insane. Obviously every sandwich is amazing. The arista is hands down the best sandwich in Philly right now. The 2nd best dish at Paesano's, the roasted potatoes!!  Must have.One word, one syllable - YUM.  I stopped at Paesano's this afternoon. I'd heard how good the sandwiches are, but up until today, I'd never had a chance to stop in.
The guys behind the counter were very friendly, and they greeted us warmly as soon as we walked up to the window. We all chatted it up while my friends and I decided what to order, and while we waited for our food.
I'm a huge fan of lamb sausage, so I ordered a Gustaio, and that sandwich was GLORIOUS!  My friends ordered the Zawzeech, which was also delicious!  I ended up trading half of my Gustaio for half of my friend's Zawzeech, so we could each taste both. The flavors were amazing!   We were able to eat outside, and enjoy the neighborhood while we enjoyed our sandwiches, and I was literally dancing in my chair because the sandwiches were so good!  
I will absolutely go back to Paesano's the next time I'm in the area, because those sandwiches were absolutely amazing!
All in all, Northern Liberties is shaping up to be one of my favorite neighborhoods in the city, and Paesano's is partly responsible. ;-) The prices are very reasonable, the service is great, and the food is amazing.  I mean, seriously, what more can you ask for?I have to say, my sandwich grossed me out a little bit. I had the daddy wad, and it was just...I don't even know how to describe it. It just grossed me out.
But, my cousin had the Arista(I think this is what it is called), the one with the suckling pig, and he said it was pretty much the best thing he has ever tasted. So, next time I will go for that.Best sandwiches in Philly, hands down! Check out my full review here: http://goodyummyeats.wordpress.com/2013/07/18/paesanos/I eat so many sandwiches in my day to day existence that it's hard to get excited by any single one. That's why it's a good idea to take a trip to Paesano's-- to remind myself that heaven can truly exist between two pieces of bread. At Paesano's, that heaven takes the form of delicious pork in their transcendent Arista sandwich. I'd only been to Paesano's in Northern Liberties a couple of times, it's not hard to get to, but I know it's usually packed. Paesano's II addressed this problem with a revolutionary solution: a bigger space and more seating. I was a little worried that there may be more of an attitude here since it was located at the edge of the Italian Market, but the service was just as friendly as the original location. The menu also seemed larger by a couple items. 
Quick tip: a lot of people go after the Italian hoagie here, which is good, but I think Paesano's hot sandwiches are really what impresses. Go all in and save the cold cuts for elsewhere!I love Paesano's.  Here are my tips 1- eat there, standing up if you have to because your sammie might get soggy by the time you get home.  2- do not eat anything before you go here, these are massive sandwiches 3- get the duck fat potatoesFinally had the chance to try out Paesano's the other day and like, Modo Mio, they do not disappoint :D
Great prices ($6-7 including a drink) for some delicious hearty sandwiches...tried the roast pork with peppers and the beef with cabbage.  Terrific combination of flavors...with a bit of a kick.  Will be back.This sandwich shop didn't disappoint - tried the paisano and it was well worth the 15 min wait.  Parking is terrible in the area but if you're walking by, stop in.  Be prepared its cash and carry with limited seating....Are you kidding me. Their staple sandwich is off the wall good. Juicy brisket, horeradish mayo, fried egg, and everything else. This is the perfect sandwich, its so flexible. Breakfast or lunch, it doesn't matter it fits perfectly with either. It's so funny though that this place is in the Italian market though, since the owner is Irish and what not. Regardless this dude knows what he is doing, and I'm glad I got to try this wonderful invention. Now all Philly needs is for Pirmanti Brothers to set up shop in the city limits, then it would no doubt be the sandwich capital of the world.I can only predicate my review on the roast pork sandwich- they totally killed it. Perfectly executed . 
Que Arnold: 
"I'lllll bee baaaack"Lamb, sausage, fennel and cranberry flatbread wrap! The Gustaio! My mouth is watering!!! A mouthful of exploding flavor and oozing sauces. My husband had the classic Paesano, brisket with provolone and my son had the Daddy Da, Italian hoagie. All unbelievable!! The Italian market is such a great part of Philly, we made a stop at Fante's and Claudio's, Paesano is such a non descript low key sandwich shop that you would never know just passing by what a gem this is! WOW! Thumbs up!Some friends and I walked 40 minutes (each way!) in 27 mph wind to have Paesano's for lunch today, and it was worth it.
The Gustaio is as perfect as all the Yelpers have described it (sweet and savory, there really is nothing better)  I am counting down the days until I get another one and can try the Arista.  We waited for about 2 minutes to order at 1pm and seats opened up the moment we paid.  Prices include tax so you don't have to fumble around with change.  Another bonus:  There's a sink in the seating area so if you're like me and have a tendency to end up with a good amount of your delicious sandwich all over your hands, you're taken care of.Paesano's on Girarde is one of if not the best sandwich shop in Philadelphia. A great variety of sandwiches at good prices. The pork is so ternder on the Arista and the bread is perfect. Nice guys that work there too.Forget Pat's, forget Geno's. Go to freaking Paesano's. My lord this place is delicious. Visited Philly for the weekend and actually ate here twice, it was so good we came back! We visited both locations. The 9th ave location has more room, but the NE Philly one is more atmosphere. The cook is there yelling orders, calling girls beautiful, and all around being funny. Get the Paesano or the Diavlo. #JaEatYetThe Tuscan fries were to die for! I also had the pantao or however you spell it and it was perfect!Tried both the Paesano and the Arista and both were mouthwatering-ly delicious! We ended up at this location because that's where our gps took us but I'm willing to bet that there's no difference in the location. The meats were seasoned to perfection. My Paesano was messy but worth it. No worries because there was a sink in the dining area to wash up afterwards. Very convenient touch. Make sure you bring cash as they recently stopped taking credit cardsHOLY COW!  This was a GREAT spot to come upon.  Our lunch choice was between here and a deli up the road (which was pretty tempting, too). When I saw the line out the door, I KNEW that this was the place to be (if everybody is eating here.....there's a good chance it's pretty good).  Sandwiches are decently price for what you get (they're stacked and huge!) and there's a good variety to chose from.  Not your average sandwich.  I had the Arista (which is the infamous roast pork and broccoli rabbé that phili locals chow down....and for good reason!) and my wife had a fried meatloaf sandwich.    The bread was soft and chewy, pork was tender and succulent, broccoli rabbé had a nice little bitter contribution, the peppers gave it a nice little kick and the PROVOLONE was AWESOME!  SO SHARP and amazing!  We had some duck fat roasted potatoes (also smothered in the delicious provolone.)  My wife had a meatloaf sandwich (which I liked, but she was not a fan).
Both sandwiches were $8 a piece and MASSIVE.  I left stuffed and satisfied.  Finally, the soda machien was great, too.  A great combination of sodas...not your typical "coke" and "mountain dew"....orange cream soda, black cherry, Lemonade, Root Beer and RC Cola!
This was a GREAT spot and you definitely get your BANG for your buck.  I'm hitting it up whenever I'm in Phily (and not at Tony Lukes!)  :)This place has by far the best sandwiches I have ever tried. Its highly recommended especially you live in Philadelphia. Ive had the Diavlo and the Gustaio from here and both were simply awesome!Small, quiet, hidden spot. No fanfare, no hustle just straight up great food. I had the Arista (roast pork) but can't wait to come back and sample more of the menu. Next time Giardina (roasted eggplant).Hoagie heaven! The Arista is mouth watering and every sandwich is big enough for two. Mostly takeout, but a couple of tables and a counter. I you want fine dining head across the street to Pete McAndrews' Modo Mio.The Paesano is the best sandwich I've had in Philly. 
The Paesano is the best sandwich I've had, period.It took us a long time wandering through the Italian Market to find Paesano's (and then even longer when we realized we needed to go to the ATM first) but it was SO. TOTALLY. WORTH IT.
The two sandwiches we shared here were easily among the very best I have ever eaten. They were incredibly flavorful, with fresh, quality ingredients. They were also ENORMOUS.
My fiancé and I split the Paesano (brisket, a fried egg, horseradish, fried egg) and the Bolognese (fried lasagna, and a bunch of other stuff but oh my god FRIED LASAGNA. Oooey-gooey delicious madness!).
They were each mind-blowingly good. I can't decide which I prefer because I enjoyed them both so very thoroughly.
I wish I could get Paesano's to mail me some sandwiches to Chicago so I could enjoy their mind-blowing sandwiches once more. Until next time, Philadelphia!
GO HERE.Had the paesano. And what delight. Flavorsome and filling for $9. Ca$h only but there's an ATM INSIDE.Amazing! Simply Amazing!
I went with someone and shared two sandwiches, the Paesano and the Arista. Comparatively, these were two starkly different sandwiches. One was hot and greasey while the other was colder and more refined. That being said, the Paesano definitely blew away the Arista in my humble opinion.
The Paesano was greasey with a wet fried egg that dripped oil and deliciousness all over you hands and face. That must be what heaven as a fat man is like. The Arista was more bland in comparassion. The meat was actually kind of dry, but well flavored. The veggies were blandish too, I don't know if it was cause I had it while trying the Paesano, but it just didn't do it for me. Normally I probably would've loved it, but paesano gave me flashbacks to The Grease Trucks @ Rutgers in my youth (RIP Grease Trucks).5 stars because every sandwich I have had here has been ohhh so good.  From the Daddywad, to the gustaio, they all have a little spot in my heart.  The place is a tiny little hole in the wall, with a handful of bar stools where you can sit and watch the staff of no more than 2 created the perfect gourmet sammy for ya!
  I'm also addicted to the nutella and apricot crepe.  So simple yet so good.  I found myself going here waaaaay too regularly and had to take a step back because i didn't want to pigeonhole myself.  Establishments like this are the reason why I will always be a carnivore!The food here has been absolutely delicious every time I've gone, no matter what I ordered.Arriving into the city and not knowing where to turn for lunch, I reached out via Twitter and got a response that I needed to check out Paesano's for an authentic Philly meal. I'm so glad that I did, because this place was freaking awesome!
Thankfully I read the reviews that said they accept cash only, so I was prepared to pay for my $9 Paesano sandwich. The place was packed, but I lucked out and was able to snag a table as someone was getting up. I've learned two things about Philly: Always carry cash and places are intimate, so plan ahead and be ready to wait. Not a bad thing.. just different.
This sandwich joined together Beef brisket with horseradish mayo, sharp provolone, roasted tomatoes, pepperincino and a fried egg. Everything about this sandwich was delicious.. the beef was tender and juicy and the bread was crunchy in all the right places. Seriously one of the top 5 I've had in quite some time.
I've already decided that when I go back, I'm trying the Bolognese. Who can go wrong with a sandwich that is described as Crispy Fried Lasagna Bolognese, Smoked Parmesan, Fried Egg? 
Another item of note: the fountain drinks aren't what you expect. Diet Rite was the only diet option that had and the other soda choices aren't your normal everyday options. I get the feeling this is more of a water drinking place, and I think I was about the only person who went to the fountain machine while I was there. 
To those who suggested Paesano's to me, I tip my hat and thank you for sharing this lovely gem with me. I couldn't have imagined a better lunch!AMAZING pork sandwich. I was craving one after going to Dinic's and having a roast pork sandwich for the first time ever. The version here is the Arista with suckling pig, brocolli rabe & sharp provolone. So delicious! And it's filled with tons of meat. I came here on a Saturday night close to closing time. Unlike Dinic's, there's no wait. Sandwiches are made quick. The neighborhood looks sketchy and from the outside, Paesano's looks dimly lit as if it were closed. But don't let that deter you from coming here and have one of the best sandwiches you'll ever have.Okay, I know this establishment has over 300 reviews so why would I add onto something I'm sure someone has already said. Why? BECAUSE THIS WAS THE BEST SANDWICH I'VE EVER HAD IN MY ENTIRE EXISTENCE, EVER! 
I've bookmarked this place for while now and I just never made my way here but today I was in the neighborhood and decided to give it a go. The sandwich shop is really small but it isn't crammed. Sunlight floods the little place which had a couple tables and bar seats. On the right wall hung all the pictures of people who's been here and on the left is their menu written in color chalk. For those of you who can't see as well, they also have paper menus. I also noticed they had a mini hand washing station on the far left corner. I walked in, ordered their famous Paesano sandwich and a bottled water. The sandwich came up to $9, bottle water $1. If you check in on Yelp you get $2 off a $10 purchase so my total cost was $8! Sweet! Warning they are cash only but they have an atm. I sat at one of the bar stools waiting patiently for my sandwich. At the moment it arrived in front of me, I already had a feeling this was going to be a good experience lol. I opened it up and it was steaming, it was gooey, it was juicy, it was toasty and that's just me touching it! At last I took a bite and for the first 5 seconds I died and went straight to sandwich heaven. Omg, it was explosive, all the different flavors blended so well on my palate. The bread was so perfect, super toasty but soft of the inside and stayed that way until my last bite, the meat was so tender, succulent and moist, the tangy and sweet tomato sauce gave a great contrast, it also came with tangy, spicy horseradish and vinegary, briny peppers, gooey cheese and lastly the most delicious creamy fried egg with the yolk running throughout the sandwich that tied everything together. This sandwich was explosive in my mouth. I still can't stop thinking about it. I will come back and try another sandwich and I encourage you to stop by and try this divine sandwich.I just came from here. Here's the deal, sandwich is good but my boyfriend does not want to eat it. He said the guy only wore one glove and the other hand he uses for everything ( making sandwich, touching sauces and utensils and touching the money we paid him for the sandwiches)... The place needs some cleaning up too. But if ur a person who used to seeing and living in a place like that then would be ok I guess.The rest of the reviewers aren't lying - this place is awesome!!!"The Paesano" is the best sandwich I've ever had. Fried egg, juicy brisket, horseradish mayo... and that bread!Always. Get. The. Gustaio.
Holy shit, it's life changing. 
The new space is nice as well: better hours, more time to savor the food alchemy that you are shoving in your face, etc.PARTIAL REVIEW
Food
-Paesano's offers 14 original sammies with chef-selected predetermined toppings. So unlike John's Roast Pork where you pretty much can choose your adventure, here all the work is done for you. As an inexperienced Philly sandwich eater, this was what I liked. I wouldn't know to order pepperoncini on my cheesesteak if Paesano's didn't do it for me, and I'm really glad they did.
-In addition to the sandwiches, they also soup, salads, fried pig skins, roasted potatoes and crispelle with nutella for dessert.
-For comparison sake with my other philly sandwich experience at John's, I opted for the two classic Philly sandwiches, Paesano's pork and their cheesesteak.
Paesano ($9)
Beef Brisket, Horseradish Mayo, Roasted Tomatoes, Pepperoncino, Sharp Provolone & Fried Egg
In short, I preferred both sandwiches at Paesanos to Johns, but it was a close call. Unlike at John's where the bread held up a bit better and retained it's toasty crust and pillowy inside, the bread here was pretty well soaked through like a dipped Chicago beef. This has its advantages and disadvantages and I think it's really just a preference. On the downside, it means it's way messier and we both stained our pants trying to eat it. It also means you don't get the juxtaposition of the creamy cheese quite as well since everything is pretty much one texture. Having said that, Paesano's soaked  bread had a heck of a lot more flavour, and there's something I personally like about moist meaty bread. I also liked the addition of sweet acidic tomatoes and the spicy pepperoncino on Paesano's version which helps cut the fat and salt that I was overwhelmed by in John's version. Finally, the meat here was slightly more tender, though that could have simply just bean a function of the extra juice and the fatty egg yolk. Two meat-juice soaked thumbs up.
Arista ($8)
Whole Roasted Suckling Pig, Broccoli Rabi, Italian Long Hots & Sharp Provolone
This was the best sandwich I had all trip and definitely won out over John's version though admittedly they were different beasts. So ditto on the points I made above with the bread. To put it in perspective, at John's I ended up leaving most of the bun and eating the meat, but at Paesano's I couldn't help but finish every crumb. The meat here didn't have that buttery silky lardo like texture of John's but rather, was more of a super tender pulled pork piled unbelievably high. I think John's meat maybe edged out on top but Paesano's was delicious in a different way. What gave Paesano's the final one up were the addition of the long hot peppers to cut the fat, and that the rapini offered a more noteworthy bitter bite and substantial texture than the spinach on Johns. 
Closing Remarks
-For two sandwiches and two pops, the bill came to $21 including tax. Did I love it? I really did. And I appreciated that it was central enough that it would be an easy spot to visit again. When I do, I will be all over that Arista and would love to try the crispy fried lasagna sandwich too.
-In the end I did find it a better sandwich experience than John's but I'm still quite green in my Philly eating adventures, and its likely that this could just be a preference.So damn good. One of the best quality sandwiches I have ever had in Philly. Reasonably priced from the food to the $1 water bottles. And a great little calm 10 stools. Basically a quick stop or pickup location! Going again for sureThe Arista is just amazing. I've tried a few roast pork sandwiches from places like DiNic's and enjoyed them but found them to be a bit overhyped. The Arista here is on a whole different level from your standard roast pork sandwich and this might be the best sandwich in the city.
I've also had the Bolognese which was great although a bit tough to eat.
I came once on a weekend during prime lunch hours and then another time on a Friday afternoon around 11:30...I'd definitely recommend the weekday afternoon if you can make it here then, it's tough to find a place to eat in the shop on the weekend and these aren't the kind of sandwiches that hold up well for take out.Well, I just don't think Paesano's is a great place for vegans.  I can't speak for the meat sandwiches, but the chickpea patty sandwich was mushy and kind of bland.The folks behind taylorgourmet.com in DC must have gotten their inspiration from Paesanos.  They don't come close to the variety Paesano's offers, so go me for moving to a city with an awesome sandwich place!
We had the panelle and bolognese sandwiches.  The chickpea pancake in the panelle was pretty awesome, and the spicy yogurt sauce was great, too.  The roasted tomatos packed a huge punch of flavor; I just wish there were more wrapped up in there.  The bolognese was fried lasagna, and, thus, awesome.  I could care less for the egg on it, but my boyf said it added a necessary creaminess to the sammie.
Worth the 10-15ish wait when its crowded.  At $6-9 a sandwich, definitely a bargain for how great it is, in my view.I just finished the Paesano sandwich and after wiping a little excess juice from my hands, I sat down to write this review about how much I enjoyed this place.  Then I fell asleep.
These sandwiches don't look that large, but after the first bite you can tell from the flavor and high quality of ingredients, you'll be very full and very happy with every penny spent.  The portions are generous, the fillings were jam packed between the bread, but I could still taste the individual flavors of each. The down side is it was slightly messy, but really, is that a downside?
Service was friendly and attentive.  It was basically bar seating, no tables, so don't bring a big group.Come for the delicious sandwiches- leave because of the douchebags that work here. 
The sweaty loafer who answered the phone told us there was no special, yet when we get there, it's right on the board...how hard would it have been to just tell us?  The oldest-hipster- on-Girard who runs this joint seems to encourage this kind of behavior.  You don't have to be A+ rated in hospitality, but my heavens...why don't you let us give you a reason for the attitude before you get all salty?
Maybe they were just having a bad day (although it's almost always 130 degrees in the shop, so I don't think the AC was busted), but the two princesses working the counter were pretty miserable; the "eff you go somewhere else" attitude worked as intended...we haven't been back since.  That's 3-4 chubby bastards ordering $50 worth of food at least once a week.  I'm sure it doesn't matter, there's more where we came from.
I guess the banter is entertaining, and all the sandwiches are damn good...but they don't need us there, and I'm happy to stay out of their way.
UPDATE 07/09/16:
Paesano's Philly Style
152 W GIRARD AVE 19123
18 violations, 5 serious.
Food safety certified person not present; open employee beverage in refrigerator; nonfunctional handwash sink, no soap, no paper towels in employee restroom; accumulated food residue on slicer; food held at hazardous temperatures; dead mouse and mouse droppings throughout facility; employees not wearing hair restraints; floors not clean and must be sanitized. Previously ordered to cease and desist Jan. 29. Inspected July 5.
Don't take my word for it:
http://articles.philly.com/2016-07-09/news/74327895_1_mice-droppings-infestation-food-poisoning
Hopefully Pete won't be opening a pediatric clinic anytime soon!Two years after my first excursion and more sandwiches than I'd care to admit later, Paesano's still stands among my favorite places to eat in the city. The proportions of bread, condiments, and meats are all in perfect harmony, and the quality of the ingredients truly shines. These are not sandwiches for the faint of heart, with eclectic, indulgent ingredients including roast suckling pig, fried chicken livers, and lasagna. However, they're made with love and a lot of thought. And at under $10 a pop for gourmet sandwiches that will leave you comatose, an absolute steal. By the way, vegheads, fret not. Two very solid (comparable in quality to the carnivorous offerings) options are yours for the taking.
All that can be said of Paesano's has probably been said more skillfully than I could. Still, if you're going to take an out of town guest to a place that exemplifies the Philly ethos, this is it. Unpretentious, full of character, and nourishing, Paesano's is a delicious reflection of our city's attitudes and tastes.
Screw the tourist traps and believe the hype, this is the real deal.Just get the lasagna bolognese. It's thin layers of pasta lightly covered with a bacon-y bolognese sauce, lightly breaded and fried, sandwiched in fresh, soft roll, and subsequently complemented by a medley of  sweet peppers, mozzarella, provolone, and a runny egg.  I personally just love runny egg yolks so this always makes me very very happy.  Finish off the meal with a nutella and jam crepe.  Yes, your arteries might be upset for quite some time but your mouth will be very grateful so it all works out in the end.While Paesano's makes a bunch of good sandwiches, there's really only one reason you need to go: the Arista. It's the best sandwich in Philadelphia, hands down, and it alone earns the five star rating. Other options are tasty too (although the ever-popular gustaio is way too sweet for me, and not very well balanced despite having some very nice elements to it) - the Paesano sandwich is really good, the veggie-friendly Giardina is one of the best veggie hoagies in the city (maybe better than Chickie's - it's a tough call), and the meatloaf parm is as satisfying on a cold day as the name suggests. Still, I always come back to the Arista. It's truly perfect. Even if there's a line out the door and I know the wait will be ridiculous, I'll happily stand there for this sandwich, and happily shell out $8 for it. Some advice: walk one block west to the little park with the bocce court to eat. The Italian Market is loud, crowded, and dirty, and Paesano's is definitely the former two - not a fun place to eat. Just make sure you don't let the sandwich sit around too long. Once it cools off and gets soggy, it will still be delicious but not as good as when fresh. Also, note the hours -  they close way too early.Best sandwiches in Philly! Have had the Paesano, Gustaio, and Zawzeech so far, and every one of them has had so much flavor. I might never go to another sandwich shop!Think outside the box of a regular Philly cheesesteak. Whoever thought of putting a fried egg into a sub is brilliant! In fact whoever thought of frying a lasagna and sticking it in a sub is genius!
My sister and I got the Bolognese and Paesano and shared because the serving size is quite filling. The Bolognese was mild, while the Paesano had a nice zing from horseradish and banana peppers... both delicious. Skipped the crepe for dessert bc we were stuffed.
We were there today- Saturday right before Easter, around 2 PM when it was not too busy... 10min wait until the sandwiches were ready.  Each was seat filled. Fortunately, a couple stools opened up just as our names were called for the order. I would imagine this place is packed, so don't get upset if you can't get a seat. Good eats, low-key, and pretentious, cash only.I've been a Philadelphia (area) resident for the greater portion of my adult life.
I can confidently say that Paesano's has the best sandwiches in all of Philadelphia.
I will still whore myself out to you once in a while Pat's King of Steaks, but Paesanos has my heart.Definitely lives up to the hype. Best sandwich, pork or otherwise, I've ever eaten.  I look forward to trying the other sandwiches.Skip Pat's & Geno's, this place makes the BEST sandwiches, full to bursting with flavor and goodness.  Or if you want, go ahead and get some cheesesteaks from Pat's or Geno's or both, and compare them with any of the sandwiches from Paesano's, and I suspect you will, like me, never go back.5 stars forsure! And that's an understatement! My boyfriend and I were traveling in from Chicago: he got a Paesano and I got an Italian Zawzeech! Both of the sandwiches were packed with flavor and made to perfection right before our eyes! Hands down the most flavorful sandwiches we've ever had. Staff was really funny and welcoming. Definitely coming back for another one of these bad boys!! It's a must :)My greatest dream for Paesano's is for a 34 year old vegetarian to walk in, order the Potato Arrosto, and then give up vegetarianism for the rest of their life. The Potato Arrosto is no ordinary side dish. It's roasted and then immersed in duck fat and then topped with really pungent Provolone cheese. The potato smells. I was once trapped with it in a car and the windows were rolled up. My gawd, it was as if that potato made an announcement, "I AM HERE!"
Funny thing is, when you get to Paesano's you will want to make your announcement. I sure did. I was excited to find out what this little dive sandwich shop was all about. The first thing I noticed was how small the place was. It was like a greasy spoon with counter seats but it was full of personality. The guys who were running the place were really friendly. One of them was wearing a shirt that said, "Putting the love in your mouth". Really, after locking your eyes on that, how could the ice not be broken? Time to get to that sandwich!
It was about 4 PM and Paesano's had run out of bread. Womp womp. They offered us wraps. And we were like wraps? Is this normal? And the Paesano's guys said when people walk in and all they have are wraps, that is what people take instead of bread. Food is so good at Paesano's that people will take it anyway, in any way and form. Luckily, Paesano's was able to steal back a few loaves from down the street. 
We got four Aristas to go. Some ate theirs that night, others indulged the next morning. I tried mine the next day. I put it in the oven to heat it up a little. The pork was still moist and the cheese melted over the broccoli rabe. The long peppers gave it so much heat that after each bite I yelled, "Wow! That is SPICY! What a kick!" It was a mean sandwich and I want another.
I'm not from Philly so this was a real eye opener to what Philly has to offer in terms of sandwiches other than cheesesteak and Dinic's. I still want Dalessandro's and Dinic's but Paesano's will definitely be another I will be adding to my Must Philly list when I visit. These sandwiches were not made for tourists but Paesano's welcomes out-of-towners with open arms regardless. In fact, they told us to bring our friends and family next time because, obviously, our little group of five was not enough.
Special thanks to Wing "The One with the Cool Hair" L for taking a wrap so the rest of us could have bread.
Special thanks to Stella D for discovering this place.I love this place! The sandwiches are so so good. Very unique and fresh flavors. The lamb sandwich and the Mozzarella tomato are my favorites. This place really lives up to expectations.Paesano's has the best sandwiches in town. This place is a little smaller then their store in Sourh Philly but maybe even more busy. There were a good amount of people eating in and also a ton of phone orders for take out. I had the Gustaio with homemade lamb sausage on a pita with some other super tasty stuff. This thing was incredible. My daughter had the Paesano which is brisket and eggs and on a more traditional Italian type roll. Paesanos is good food and no, or less then zero frills. The employees are friendly laid-back and efficient.  I really don't know how they do it being so busy. I don't think there is a bathroom, not that you would want  to use it, but there are wet ones to clean your hands afterwards. Call ahead to avoid waiting.The guys in this place are masters of working in a small space. The guys are really funny and entertaining. It is also a sweatbox in that place. It's tiny, there's only room for like 5 people to sit at the counter. They could use an AC in here! The outside tables offer more seating but if it is hot out there too there's no where to escape to be comfortable and enjoy your sandwich.. The sandwiches are great, but reaaaalllly messy and ooey gooey (not really a bad thing). I had the gustaio. The flavors really played well off of each other. BF had the paesano, which was the messiest sandwich I've ever seen. Portions are huuuuge and we didn't even finish our potatoes.Had an Italian. Best Italian hogie I've ever had. Bread was fresh and delicious. Meat was top quality. Pickled things were delicious.Jamie and I were guided here by Yelp for a Friday lunch on a chilly Friday.
We ate at the counter and got to know Jimmy and Jason, the guys who run the place.
This is a dive, and it is fantastic.  I had the italian hoagie (forgot their cute name for it), and Jamie had the Paisano, a spicy chicken breast with broccoli rabe and other random treat.  Both were sandwich heaven - with the hoagie cold and the Paisano hot, depending on your mood and the weather.
It is BYOB, Anthony Bourdain has dined here, and Jimmy and Jason won a Paisano throwdown vs Bobby Flay.  You owe it to yourself to check it out, when you're in greater Philly.Giving 3 stars because i used to love it. Couple months ago things seemed to change though and i havent been back. Bring back the old tuscan fries and i will change to 5 stars. Now they have some sort of mayo looking spread on them..Highly recommend stopping in if you're in the area to at least try the infamous Paesano. Whatever you do, try to eat it there rather than taking it to go because the bread gets really soggy after a few minutes of sitting in the wrap they provide. This isn't their fault, it's just that the sandwich is a gooey monster that deserves to be consumed on the spot for its supreme enjoyment. I've found that a Hank's Orange Soda (or Root Beer depending on how I'm feeling) is perfect for washing it all down.Best Phili subs you going to get.  A little hole in the wall, but the flavors is robust.  
They close @ 3PMI was just here a few hours ago for lunch and it looked like they were conducting a photo shoot for a sandwich. Rightfully so, as their sandwiches deserve better than a cell phone photo portfolio (which is unfortunately all I have to offer). 
I ordered the Panelle for lunch. The super friendly guy taking my order told me it seemed like Panelle day, since mine was the 6th order of the day. (They had only been opened for an hour I believe). It's not hard to see why. You can file this one under "vegetarian food even carnivores would love". It transcends eating orientations. 
I like that it was encased in a wrap like thing and not a roll. I think the chickpea pancake might be overwhelmed by too much bread. I also liked the fact that the guy who took my order came out and asked me how I liked it. Very friendly service. 
Can't wait to go back to try the other items.I love this place and thankfully I don't live too close overdose I would be there way too frequently.
My all time favorite sandwich is the Paseanos and the Giardina!
An added bonus to my gluten free friends is that they have gluten free buns that taste great!
PS- cash only but they do have an ATM inside.
Sandwich prices range from $7-$9I stumbled upon a picture of a Sandwich from this place an before I knew it I was going thru all the pics on Yelp to see what options they had, an man did I work up an appetite. So as I'm asking my coworker about the place he says my son an I was just there on Saturday that place is awesome! Well that sealed the deal an before I knew it I was in my car driving there on my lunch break. I walk in the place is tiny, has about 6 counter seats an no real decorative ambiance but there was one person behind the counter an he was great. He took my order an helped me make up my mind. I ordered the Paesano which is the brisket with provolone, horseradish mayo tom peppericino, an a fried egg  well I don't like sunny side up eggs an I asked him not to put it on there. He said well you have to get it or it will mess up your entire sandwich cause the egg creates a sauce on the sandwich. Well alright if I have too  I say. That sandwich was so damn good the brisket was tender an the mayo an egg complimented each other. I was glad he said to get it. The sandwich was amazing ! I will be back soon didn't know this little gem was so close to my job !YUMMY! YUMMY! YUMMY!, you could drive by this TINY place a million times and never realize it is there. BUT you must go. Only 9 barstools at this counter, and you will smell of sandwich when you leave, but my GOD these sandwiches are gooooooood! My husband had the Paesano, and me the Diavlo. Everything is cooked in cast iron skillets so it has major flavor. The Diavlo is spicy chicken+provolone+roasted tomatoes+broccoli rabe+salami and horseradish mayo---OH LORDY! The Paesano was beef brisket +fried egg +horseradish mayo+pepperoncini+ provolone cheese, and a fried egg. To my surprise, they even offer GLUTEN FREE bread! They only require that you call ahead or plan for a 20 min wait to get it prepared (not too bad to have a freaking AMAZING sandwich!). Really friendly guys, and there must have been 100 sandwiches that went in someone's belly or out the door in the hour we ate there. A PHILLY MUST DO.All sandwiches were $8 on the board on the day I went.
OH and you have to get the  !One of the best sandwich shops I've ever had the pleasure of eating from. 
The Good: 
Try the Paesano, a thinly sliced beef brisket hoagie with oasted tomatoes, pepperoncino, sharp provolone and fried egg sandwich. I recommend replacing the horseradish mayo with garlic mayo. But regardless it's sloppy and delicious. 
After you try their signature sandwich, grab the Arista. It's amazing. Suckling pig with broccoli rabe and provolone. The suckling pig falls apart beautifully while the provolone provides a sharp bite.
The Bad:
It's pretty unsanitary. The whole place just isn't very clean and there seems to be bits of who-knows-what all over the place.I have been to Paesano's three more times since my first review and their no longer seems to be a fly problem (probably becuase the windows aren't open now that it is cold outside).  The sandwiches are fantastic and anyone who likes food will love it here.Hell of a job!!! We're from FL, and have never eaten a sandwich this amazing! Thanks guys!!It was my first visit to Paesano's; I was welcomed like long-lost family and introductions were made. The fellows nearly had a duel to see who would make me my first sandwich.
It was probably one of the more interesting sandwiches I've ever had. I will be working my way down the menu, one at a time.Move over Pat's and Geno's
After watching the "Throwdown with Bobby Flay" I had to try this sandwich.  My husband and I decided to spend 4th of July weekend in Philly and stop over at Paesano's...  
The Paesano has to be hands down the best hoagie I have ever eaten!  It was so juicy and had so much flavor...  We were so sad as we finished our hoagie...even sadder that we were too full to order another.  
We will never be able to eat another hoagie without thinking of Paesano's.  Everything will pale in comparison.  
We will def be back!oof.  paesano's makes some ridiculously good, gut-busting sandwiches with no pretense.
the gustaio is my go-to - such an incredible mix of savory flavors with a touch of sweetness... so good!   House-made Lamb sausage, Sun-dried Cherry Mustarda, Gorgonzola Spread, Roasted Fennel, & Arugula.  
i've also had the diavlo (spicy chicken), paesano (beef brisket), arista (suckling pig), tuna italiana and giardina (veg) and they are all amazing, well-priced and big enough to share with someone else if you can manage to give up those bites.AMAZING sandwiches. We're new to Philadelphia and this food is by far better than any cheesesteak I've had before. And OMG the bread!My god Paesano's is like a party in my mouth and the entire mafia was invited. They delivered me a DIAVLO Sandwich and POTATO ARROSTO. I swear I had to close my eyes it was so good. I have no photos to show, it didn't stand a chance of making that long after I took my first bite. I kind of want them to cater my wedding.... is this possible?I have a confession to make. There are a number of sandwich places in New Jersey called Gaetano's. I've never eaten at any of them and have only seen the shops in my peripheral vision while driving by at relatively high speeds.
So, I spent the last year thinking that the chain was named Paesano's and, since I hadn't driven by this place in a while, I assumed that it was a part of the same chain.
Last week, my coworkers insisted upon taking me here for my birthday lunch. I obliged but was admittedly skeptical of the glowing praise they heaped upon this shop.
When we arrived, I quickly realized my mistake and promptly began drooling over the menu. Not one of us could decide what to eat, as all of the options looked equally delectable. So, the cook suggested we each order a different sandwich and he would cut them into quarters so we could sample all of them.
We had the Paesano, Arista, Gustaio, and Tuscan Tony. The cooks also gave us some potatoes to sample. I'm hooked and am deeply regretful that I wasted an entire year by erroneously showing no interest in Paesano's. I can guarantee it won't be another year before I return.
One note: While the Arista seems to get a majority of the praise, I believe the Paesano was the best sandwich. The fried egg really put it over the top.Today I was feeling adventurous, so I ordered the Panelle rather than the more standard-seeming (but surely delicious) roasted eggplant hoagie. You should know what the menu doesn't tell you about the Panelle, which is that it's a wrap in super-thin bread, NOT a hoagie. Nevertheless, wow! Chickpea patties, roasted tomatoes, fennel and lettuce, and spicy sour cream sauce- think of it as the Italian version of falafel.
We also tried the roasted potatoes- delicious.
The prices were excellent (2 sandwiches, drinks, and the side cost under $20) and the service was friendly. A bit slow, but perhaps it was because there were so many people coming in to pick up takeout- a good sign. 
I'll definitely be back to Paesano's to try their other vegetarian sandwich!Damm good sammies!  And those potatoes, full of flavor and fat, as the menu says!  Nothing but black charred goodness on the outside.  But my cholesterol quotient has been reached for the next month.  Gotta hold off now til end of February.Tried Paesano's for the first time a few weeks ago, every time I order I try something new, and it gets better and better each time!  The eggplant sandwich is UH-MAZE-ING!Good sandwiches. They got it right here. If you want warm order the diavlo if you want cold order the Italian. You have to order the side of potatoes. Their potatoes are so good I am creating NAMPLA. The National American Man Potato Love AssociationWife walked in and wanted a sandwich. This place comes up when looking for cheese steak in the area. You won't get one here. Go to pats or the rival Genos across the street. If your new in town that's what you were looking for in the first place. 
Sandwich was soso. cuts of meet were ok but somehow it was lacking. She had a few bites and tossed it. We're not locals just trying new things. Locals like this place try this place out if you want something different then a steak.Really Good!!! Quality Food!!!! reason for 4 out 5 no bathrooms, told to use a bathroom door the corner! Also selection fo sandwiches is small.  I am a big fan. We stop if in the area again!!! But I will make sure I don't have to go the bathroom. LOLAlthough I love the food I have to give it a poor rating.  I'm not confident the place would pass a health inspection.  One of the two workers behind the counter acts as both cashier and sandwich maker without ever washing his hands.  
A look on the Philadelphia Department of Health website revealed numerous violations from a November 2012 inspection, including cigarette butt in sink, no paper towels in bathroom, mouse droppings (repeat offense) and food stored at improper temperatures.  
Shape up Peter McAndrews!wow. Philly is known for their sandwiches and Paesano's is no exception. We went on a Saturday around 1pm and called in our order to be picked up, which was definitely the right move.
When we arrived our sandwiches were ready within 2 minutes, where as people who ordered before us were still waiting when we left after eating our food.
We ordered the Paesano and the Diavlo- and both were amazing and so different. The Brisket was out of this world and the horseradish mayo added a totally different aspect to this sandwich. The Diavlo was unreal- however, I didn't find it to be spicy at all.
For 2 sandwiches and 2 drinks our total come to about $17 which is not bad at all for how fresh these were. I can't wait to go back.Simply Awesome.....just get a nice blanket and couch setup for post-meal coma
I never fail to stuff myself here.  All the sandwiches are great, the Paesano is a perfect pick for anyone who has never been there but the best idea is split the Paesano w/ someone and choose another one of the excellent sandwiches.  
The Potato Arrosto is great,  the surprise pick is the Panelle as well.  The Panelle is a vegetarian wrap w/ a chickpea pancake that has a bunch of spices and sauces mixed in.  
Also I recommend the Gustaio which is a lamb sausage sandwich wrap.  All the options at this place have distinct and thoughtful tastes.  
Go to Paesanos and get yaself a sammich.
Jaeatyet?Great food, fresh fast sandwiches and terrific fries. Big portions. 4 star only cause they don't take cards. Cash only.I don't think I'd recommend this place to anyone. I wanted to try something new while in Philly so I looked up cheesesteaks on yelp and this place came up. They do not serve cheesesteaks... they serve sandwiches, not even close to being a cheesesteak. (I should've read menu, my fault) the wait time was to long. I ordered one sandwich, the Paesano, and it took over 30 minutes. I honestly think the cashier just forgot about me. :/ the only thing good about the sandwich was the peppers they use and the bread. The meat was 50% fat and had absolutely no flavor. (And it looked like no brisket I've ever seen) And, my stomach hasn't been right since I've eaten there (24 hours). I only had half the sandwich because I just couldn't stand to eat it all.I was disappointed with the service and quality of the food. If you go, hopefully you have a better experience.I live five hours away and have contemplated taking a drive to Philly just to eat a sandwich, get an extra for the ride home, and head back.I have been been here twice now and both times the food was amazing.  I had heard the reviews and reputation were very good so I had to check it out myself...I was not disappointed.  The Paesano sounded a little odd with brisket and egg and some of the other topping buts the combination was delicious.  Well cooked meat and various flavors coming together made it a very enjoyable meal.  All the toppings and meat combine perfectly.  Highly recommended.  The other sandwich I got on my other visit I think was the Diovola.  It was very good as well.
As far as the service goes it is always good.  Always seems to have a crowd but they seem to get everyone their food quickly.  This is definitely my favorite sandwich place in Philly.Very delicious and original sandwiches. The Diavlo is phenomenal and a good choice if you're looking for something besides a cheesesteak or roast pork. The guys who work there are characters and keep things interesting while I'm waiting for the sandwich.I bopped my way into Paesano's during a casual stroll through the Italian Market on a quiet Tuesday. A nice olive-skinned girl with a "Jaeatyet?" T-shirt took my order, which naturally made me more inclined to order an Italian hoagie. Five minutes and I was out the door, past the folks eating at the counter in favor of a stoop beneath the magnificent weather.
This was an Italian hoagie done right, with plenty of fresh sweet and hot peppers, five different cuts of meat and some of the sharpest provolone I've enjoyed in quite a while. The stuff was so dry it was almost crumbling apart. For a guy who doesn't know the Italian Market so well, I feel like I made a great new friend here.We had the Paesano and the Daddy Wad. The Paesano was not really that good in my opinion. The sauces were too pungent, in a bad way. Just had a really bad flavor. The amount of meat just didn't balance well with the sauce. I wanted to love it but just didnt. The Daddy Wad was good. Not as much meat as I had hoped but it had a decent flavor. 
Overall I was disappointed. Daddy wad was 3* worthy and Paesano probably 2* but the place was awesome and the servers were really friendly and enjoyed chatting with us.Paesano's is one of my favorite sandwich places in the city. It is kind of a hole-in-the-wall, but let's face it, those are always the best places. The food is relatively expensive at about $9 for a sandwich. They are flavorful and very different from the traditional sub you find everywhere else. They have a sandwich for every palate and serve generous portions (usually 2 meals for me). My favorite is the Paesano sandwich: slow cooked brisket, hot peppers, sharp provolone, with a horseradish mayo on a seeded italian roll. *drools* 
Other favorites include: The Arista (suckling pig, broccoli rabe, sharp provolone), the Zawzeech (sweet Italian sausage), and the Daddy Wad (great Italian sub).
Also, their potatoes are cooked in pork fat and served covered in sharp provolone (can't get enough of that cheese)!
The food is great and the staff is super friendly and very welcoming, however, if you're in a hurry, you should probably wait until another day. They are slow during peak hours, but it is well worth the wait (30min. or more). If you know what you want you can also call ahead of time and it will be waiting for you when you get there. I definitely would suggest this to anyone looking for a different sandwich experience in the city.I was recommended by a friend who is a local from Philly to try this place while I was in town for the weekend and I am very pleased that I did just that!
The Paesano sandwich is so delicious and messy! I wish I had the stomach capacity to try all the other sandwiches in one messy sitting!I'll have to go again to give it a better review, because my sandwich was PROBABLY awesome, but it just wasn't for me. 
I got the Paesano. My idea of brisket is slightly skewed as I have a step dad who makes quite possibly the best brisket known to man. So this brisket was sort of....boring. Wasn't seasoned...it was just plain old brisket. They piled on horseradish mayo, which I knew would be on it, I just didn't realize how much. It basically took over the whole sandwich and it was all I could taste. The sandwich comes with a fried egg on top. I give them props for this. It's not too often you get a brisket sandwich with a fried egg on top. I had to take the egg off though. I'm not much of an egg person. It grossed me out. On the other hand, the bread was very good. 
I guess it was my own fault I didn't like this place. I ordered the wrong thing. BUT, the menu is a little limited. You should look at the menu online before going to make sure there is something you'll like. 
Next time I think I'll try the chicken. I really really want to love this place.
The guys who work at Paesanos are super funny and really really nice. It makes me want to love the place even more. I'll give it another shot...can't wait for the Italian Market location to open up so I don't have to drive to 2nd and Girard next time!First off, why am I just hearing about this place? Isn't somebody in charge of notifying me of awesome new eateries?
Having said that, this is definitely one of those 'better late, than never' situations. I may literally have found my last meal - were I to find myself on death row, and needed to decide upon such a thing (not likely, but still...). The DIAVLO (chicken, sharp provo,  broccoli rabe, and other goodness) is why we waited millions of years for mammalian taste buds to evolve. It is flavor, wrapped in savory, and stuffed into delicious. 
Equally as satisfying as the taste, is the aura of preparation, and the fact that all of this magic is happening in a modest, unassuming venue. I love places like this - a hole in the wall - which I say with the utmost respect. It's one of those places where you go in saying "I'm going to get robbed", or "I'm about to have some really kick-ass food". Fortunately, for me it was the latter. Some eateries make a decision not to waste waste time with fancy furniture, and accoutrements, just prepare really great food. Keep overhead low, and quality high. #Nailedit
To be clear, this is not some "$5 footlong", assembly-line, no-skills-involved type of deal. This is a "have a seat while astound you with my sandwich making craftsmanship" type of deal. This is slices of pepperoni strategically placed for maximum flavor impact type of deal. This is a "damn, that's not a sandwich, it's a freakin EXPERIENCE" type of deal.
Needless to say, I'm a fan.
I started off with 4 stars on the technicality of the space itself not being great for date night or something, but screw protocol! This place is awesome. Can't wait to see more locations pop up throughout the city.Great lunch in the Italian market. We had the lasagna and zauzeech - both delicious. Definitely worth the stop!I absolutely love sandwiches and I have a terrible memory. Therefore, I've eaten a lot of forgetttable sandwiches....but I remeber and will remember every one i've eaten at Paesano's. These sandwiches are a tiny piece of Philly heaven.
It's a total whole in the wall. I would love to send Guy Fieri to this place because he would absolutely love it for the dive nature and the incredibly delicious and fresh food.
Aside from the  food, this place is so affordable. My boyfriend and I stopped in last weekend to split a sandwich (the Arista..oh god) and bought two drinks for 10 bucks. I couldnt' believe it. We left happy, comfortably full and with plenty of money in our wallets. 
Bottom line, if you're looking for a great sandwich and you're in Nolibs, come here. AND, if you don't get too full, stick around to hit up one of their other places, Modo Mio, accross the street. Delicious!moving to chicago in 2 months, literally cried realizing i won't have this place anymore.  literal tears from my eyes.  i love you.Swung by here because I was craving a sandwich this past Saturday. The place is small, but the menu options are unique and fun. 
I had a tough time choosing what to order, but I finally ordered the arista, a sandwich stuffed with roasted suckling pig, sharp provolone, sautéed broccoli rabe and grilled long hots. 
I loved the size of the sandwich. It wasn't overly humongous like some places sammies are, but it was packed to the gills with its filling. The flavor was awesome. The shredded pork was mondo flavorful and the sharpness of the cheese was amazing. I love any sandwich with some long hots on it, so it was pure bliss for me. The key to the sandwich was the bread. Crusty exterior and sesame seeds along the outside and the bread held the sandwich together perfectly. 
Place is definitely worth a revisit. I'll definitely be checking out the rest of the menu!I got this girlfriend.  She's the type who likes to eat a little bit here, a nibble there.  We go out to eat, and she always get stuffed wrapped up or whatever.  All kidding aside she finishes her whole sandwich here before I'm even close to half way...that good.  Seriously I don't have a girlfriend.  I'm sorry to have wasted your time with this review.  If it helps I have eaten here before, and it is very good.  If you would like I will eat with you here, and I can tell you more lies.I can't believe I haven't left a review on here yet. This place is legit. Options are a bit limited but I honestly couldn't care. 
Their main sand which is great, so is the meatloaf parm. This time I got a fried bolognese I think their was a fried egg in their. Loaded with meat, always fresh. I haven't had anything and not been stuff/satisfied. Make it on your list of "good places in the city I should have already been to by now".The turkey sandwich was awesome and the roast pork is delicious on fantastic rolls! Great service too!Two words, "FREAKIN AMAZING" just have to say that if ur ever in Philly this is a must. Had the artista which is roast pig and broccoli rabe and super juicy u need a box of napkins for this one. Please is small but make up for it in the deliciousness of the food. Absolutley coming back to this place.I am so happy to find a sandwich shop that has gluten-free bread. I had the eggplant sandwich that everyone else loves. It was delicious. The service was very slow but worth it.Ah-mazing. Cream of potato and bacon soup!  And the sandwiches!! Wow. Got the diablo. Spicy chicken, sharp cheddar, broccoli rabe, all wrapped in salami and on a seeded hero. Also tried the meatloaf sandwich with fresh mozzarella !! Totally worth the trip!Huge Paesano's fan; welcome to the shore. Lunch will never be the same. Worth the trip to bring them back to the beach. Best sandwiches in town.I love places like Paesano's -- it's a small, almost-dumpy hole-in-the-wall type place, that has the best, most out-of-this-world sandwiches in the city or, very likely, anywhere.
I got their signature "Paesano" sandwich, which will not win any health awards; it is slow-roasted brisket, with an egg, roasted tomato, horseradish mayo, and so on.  
But, the folks who came up with these are real chefs, and it shows.  On the one hand, you get a depth of flavor.
On the other, the care taken with the ingredients shows -- slow-roasted brisket takes what could have been a stringy steak sandwich and makes it a tender, flavorful, perfection.I've spent a lot of time eating as many different Phily style pork, broccoli rabe, provolone sandwiches as my stomach can handle in two days. Definitely the best one in town! And there other sandwiches are equally awesome. Cool combinations of ingredients and the best panini bread ever.These are the best sandwiches in the entire world. I have travelled, not only to over 30 states in our fair 'MERICA, but also to A BUNCH OF OTHER COUNTRIES, and boy oh boy do I reckon these to be in all actual truth, literally (not figuratively) THE BEST sandwiches on this spinning, green-blue orb we call a planet. 
PAESANO'S KNOWS "WHAT'S UP"
1lovePaesano's - As seen on "Throwdown with Bobby Flay".... and known for their sandwiches.  It's a hole in the wall in Philly... but a very delicious hole in the wall.
We picked up the Paesano sandwich (namesake) and their Arista sandwich (roasted pig).  YUM!
1) Paesano - described on the menu with Beef Brisket, Horseradish Mayo, Roasted Tomatoes, Pepperincino, Sharp Provolone & Fried Egg
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/el-WV1mOpFmrQOowLnh4aw?select=TRiGwtwn3TmhCLD1wkyTOQ#TRiGwtwn3TmhCLD1wkyTOQ
- The sharp provolone and the fried egg are the icing on the top of the cake for this sandwich.  Delicious.
2) Arista - described on the menu with Roasted Suckling Pig, Italian Long Hots, Broccoli Rabe & Sharp Provolone
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/el-WV1mOpFmrQOowLnh4aw?select=OsYxQjIdIKaVN4CpvBZGug#OsYxQjIdIKaVN4CpvBZGug
- The roasted suckling pig was delicious.  I wasn't expecting it to be spicy but the Italian Long Hots are a nice addition.  One can never go wrong with broccoli rabe and sharp provolone.
Root Beer - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/el-WV1mOpFmrQOowLnh4aw?select=4Hu7rhq4Gm3oTRRTvXdDww#4Hu7rhq4Gm3oTRRTvXdDww
Black Cherry Soda - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/el-WV1mOpFmrQOowLnh4aw?select=IGj3ygszC1fcUJnWMkzIpw#IGj3ygszC1fcUJnWMkzIpw
ENJOY!!I had walked past this place so many times over the past few years always saying 'oh yeah, I need to try that place some time.' LAst night I finally did - I only wish I had stopped in sooner! So delicious! My bf got the Arista and I got the Daddy Wad. Both delicious! The staff was kind, warm, and funny too! They got jokes!
Only wish I had is that they toasted the bread. But that's a personal preference.
I will definitely spread the word far and wide.I would suggest you go to the location by the Italian market. This one is dirty and know for being so; however I have always had fabulous service and food at the other location!HNGGGGGGG.
Did you know that if you put an egg in anything, it is automatically delicious?
Had the Paesano. The brisket is moist and warm, the pepperoncino added a sweet and sour kick, the egg (and yolk) just blended all of the tastes together. I'm usually really wary of horseradish because it's strong, but it made the sandwich taste even better. Very inexpensive sandwich for the amount and quality.
Service is great. We sat down and pretty much made friends with the two guys working and cooking. 
I want it now as I type. Want.Paesano's is supposedly the greatest sandwich one would ever eat in Philly.
And I agree with that statement.
However.
I don't think Paesano's is the greatest sandwich I have eaten EVER in my life. I'm not sure what I would pin as the best sandwich I've ever eaten, but I did feel like my Paesano's culinary experience was missing *something*.
Anyway, I still give so incredibly much praise to give my Paesano's sandwich, that I don't think my previous comments matter too much. I went in with my friends on a Friday afternoon, and it wasn't at all crowded. We all ordered different things--I ordered a Giardina, since I'm a vegetarian. To get a drink, each cup costs $1, regardless of if you're getting water or not. Don't get water though! Paesano's has really cool sodas I've never seen before, and they're all worth a try! I got a black cherry drink that was excellent, and I usually really dislike soda. We sit in the limited seating for about 20 minutes. The seating area is rather bleak and there are some flies and poor lighting, but that's someone you should expect in the Italian Market, in my experience.
Our sandwiches came out, and they were steaming, fragrant, delicious.... and HUGE! I was only able to finish half of my Giardina, but the other half made for an AMAZING dinner. The Giardina is a sandwich on a soft, long seeded roll with roasted eggplant, fennel, caramelized peppers, onions, fresh mozzarella, and basil pesto. Each bite I took into the sandwich, I could literally taste all the flavors I was supposed to. It was excellent... but also a mess to eat, since it was dripping with fun sandwich juices. Worth it though. You can tell the people at Paesano's really care about the product they're feeding you and the quality of their ingredients. You can taste it. All of my friends had similar sentiments.
Definitely check out Paesano's! It's a Philly classic for a reason.I hope to go back sometime and try their other vegetarian option... if only they had more!They only have three kinds of sandwich available on a Saturday...and it's a holiday weekend? WTF? They are out of almost everything.
And there are flies all over the food!!!  Gross!....I don't even want to eat this.  
With that being said....I ordered the Arista and it was the best  pork sandwich I have ever had...I had to keep ignoring that I saw 10 different flies land on my bread (seriously how hard is it to keep the bread covered when your not using it?) before it was used to make my sandwich.  
The sandwich gets top marks...But the professionalism of the staff (i.e. being out of everything, chatting on the phone when orders are being made and not caring about being sanitary) makes me very sad.  This place's sandwiches are incredible, but the restaurant and it's staff have some serious problems.tried the pork, beef and italian.  loved the whole roasted pork sandwich!  so juicy.  i wish i ate my sandwiches there because when I ate at home, my bread was little bit soggy.  will definitely other kinds soon.  they are going to extend their hours on weekends.Had a Diavlo here on a recent visit to Philly. I mean, holy shit. This sandwich wasn't even fair. My friend ordered the Arista and I took a bite. About two minutes later I was rifling through the menu looking to place my own pickup order. The Diavlo was the one I landed on after being told the Liveracce was a no go that day (I like weird stuff). 
Next time I am in town I have to get another, and perhaps several for freezing - no joke.The problem with Paesano's is that they don't just one sandwich that competes for best in the world - they have several.  At the top of the list are the Arista (succulent pork with bitter broccoli rabe and sharp provolone), the Paesano (egg yolk mixing with creamy horseradish mayo and oozing over brisket), and the Gustaio (flavor bomb lamb sausage with tart cherry mustard, licorishy fennel, all powered by gorgonzola).  
The other sandwiches are amazing as well, as are the potatoes.  It all comes down to the fact that these folks aren't here to merely cook your lunch- they're thinking about what they're doing and they're crafting world class food.Was visiting Philly and looking for an alternative to cheesteak and heard about this place from a friend.
Arista: The only sandwich I tried. The suckling pig was delicious, savory, juicy and paired perfectly with broccoli rabe and italian hots. The Bread was fairly standard but served its purpose as a good vehicle for the goodness inside. Highly recommend this sandwich overall. 
Venue is small with limited seating inside, but service at the counter is very friendly. 
Overall: I'll be back to try the other sandwiches if I'm in philly again!Liveracce - hands down, mind blowing, pallet bursting sandwhich. Awesome. Crispy chicken livers and garganzola cheese are a dream of a taste together
Pasano - brisket well cooked, juicy. ...Sundried tomato and horseradish compliment everything on the sandwhich.
Bolengese- lasagna was awesome, but i could of def done without the egg. I think it was too cooked and not runny enough. If it was, it would of made all the difference.What can be said that hasn't already been said. The difference is in the quality of food. The cheese tastes like real cheese, the meat tender and well seasoned. Sandwiches are perfection. 5/5Not being from the area, my husband took me here for my very first Philly cheesesteak on our way home from a funeral.  Can my husband show a girl a good time or what?  Just kidding..sort of.  He told me that Pat's and Geno's were more hype and that I would really enjoy Paesano's.  Anyway, I got my cheesesteak with provolone and it was very tasty.  The ratio of meat to bread was nice and it wasn't as greasy as I anticipated.  Whenever I'm in the area and want a really tasty cheesesteak, I will definitely come here.This was always my favorite especially the Giardina.  But the last couple of times the Giardina has not been good. Fat, tough pieces of eggplant.  Bread soggy. Just badly made.  Wondering if it's the staff or is the place  really going down the tubes. So sad.On the very short list of *best sandwich shops I've ever eaten at*, Paesano brings the goods. 
Last time, we split the Daddy Wad (a traditional Italian hoagie) and their take on a cheese steak, both popping with flavor and made with the best-quality ingredients.  (Their cheese steak doesn't even live in the same universe as the tourist traps around Philly, strips of marinated steak, high-quality (and sharp) provolone and well-roasted onions and peppers.)
This time, I tackled the Gustaio (roasted lamb sausage, sundried cherry tomatoes, mustard, gorgonzola and fennel)... full of flavor with the spice and smoke of the sausage/mustard combo playing off the sweetness of the tomatoes and fennel. My wife opted for the meatloaf parmesan, which was full of fresh buffalo mozzarella and torn basil... also fantastic.  (They pan-fried the sides of the meatloaf to crisp the edges, a nice touch.)
To add to the quality, they're classy... the lady manning the register felt bad that we had to wait a while for our order and threw in a free helping of their excellent roasted potatoes.
Forget Pat's or Geno's.... this is the landmark that's worth the visit. And come hungry!my sister and i went in around lunch time and were lucky enough to experience two things, one, paesano's lunch special (a soup and a half of a sandwich) and two, we met the owner. i can't say enough nice things about the owner, he is definitely a good guy and local! hooray! the lunch special was delicious! the soup was a cream and thick tomato lentil that was a little rich for me, but i still ate it all....i had half of the arrosto, the roasted pork sandwich with long hots and rabs and my sister had the chickpea wrap with arugula. both were delicious but i liked the chickpea sandwich the most, it was perfect. there was a little bit too much pork in mine, but maybe that was because it was a half sandwich and the proportions were a little off. i plan on going back at my earliest convenience and hopefully peter will be there again for the harassment....Ahhh....heaven.
Too pretty to eat. See photo.
Thank you yelpers for telling me about this spot. I lived in for Philly for almost 4 years in college, and never knew about it. Its definitely the go to for specialty sandwiches. 
Every sandwich has character. This wasn't your typical lettuce, tomato, onion. I don't even think they have lettuce there. It was unique combinations of specialty sauces, cheeses,  peppers, and veggies like broccoli rabe.
The hardest part is deciding which sandwich to go with, they all seem so tasty. 
And the presentation added that extra South Philly touch.
 Each sandwich arrives double wrapped in foil and white craft paper. The best part was separating the first half and getting the first look  at the rainbow of colors among the ingredients.
ahhh. Music to my mouth.
Ample seating inside and out.Huge portions and really nice guys who work here. My friend got the Knuckle Sandwich and I got the Statiooch; he loved his and I thought mine was pretty good but lacked a little bit of flavor. Some mustard would've been perfect. I will come back to try some of the other sandwichs they offer. Oh and their fries are very good as well!The sandwiches are the truth here. The Paesano is the best..hands down. But they have a quite interesting and unique menu that will satisfy your taste buds. Love it!!I ordered the "Daddy Wad" Italian hoagie the other night for dinner and it hit the spot! It was so big that I could only eat half. My husband has ordered their "Philly" (cheesesteak) and the "Statiooch" Turkey hoagie before, both of which I had bites from and were delish. Definitely want to go back and try more from their menu - the Tuna Italiano also caught my eyesBack when I lived in this neighborhood, this was my favorite lunch spot! You I haven't had anything like this in all my travels. The sandwiches are meaty with a healthy amount of rich greasiness to define comfort food. This is a must-eat for anyone who loves a no-bullshit kind of place-small menu, super high quality with zero faff.I came back to Philly for one day and of course I had to stop here. Seeing as how I had only tried two of their sandwiches I had to add two more just because who doesn't want to tour their menu. The only problem is without a bike I had to walk from Center City to there and walk back with hot sandwiches while trying not to stop and eat them. 
Arista - moist suckling pig that kind of reminded me of Hawaiian kalua pork. A little salty for my taste and I would have liked something to contrast that saltiness. Overall still a four star sandwich in my opinion.
Bolognese -  Ok just to preview what you would ever want in a sandwich. fried Egg - check, fried lasagna - check, peppers - check, extra cheese and extra saurce - check. This is gluttony sandwichfied. Of course it's going to be messy, but it is delicious. 
Next time I get back to Philly I want to try the rest of the sandwiches just so I can pick my favorites. My personal favorite is still the Liveracce.Their sandwiches are absolutely delicious! So far I've tried the Paesano and the Zawzeech, both were very tasty. The employees that work there have quite a lot of character as well and I have yet to have a boring experience while waiting for my food. My only dislikes are that it's cash only and seating is incredibly limited.Best sandwich place I have ever been.  These guys whip up some amazing gourmet sandwich in locations you would least expect to find gourmetness.  A major life goal of mine is to try all of them...Thus far I have had the Paesano ( still the best), The arista, and the daddy wad. If the rest are as good as these were I am in big big troubleWhen I say Philly you say Philly cheese steaks, right? Not when you're traveling with a bunch of Philly junkies; they denied me of one.  Thanks Rachel A and Stella D.  To give them credit though, I deserve it-I fell asleep in the car so my vote got vetoed. 
When we got there, we were told they had 4 breads left.  5 people, 4 breads. You do the math.   1 person will walk outta here with a wrap.  A sacrifice must be made.  Before any nightlock was exchanged, I, instantly yelled out, "I VOLUNTEER AS TRIBUTE!". Yes, kiddos, call me "PEETA."  Give me my pita wrap.
I had the Paesano-Beef Brisket, fried egg, Horseradish Mayo, Roasted Tomatoes, Pepperincino, & Provolone.   Stop, you had me there with fried egg and beef brisket.  The pepperincino peppers give it that nice crunchy, salty, touch.  The horseradish mayo gave it the sharp, slightly spicy kick.  It was delish. And the pita itself? Not bad, though do come early as I'm sure with the bread, it'd been 10 times more awesome.
What I must rave is the $2 Potato Arrosto.  It's boiled potatoes, then roasted.  Oh, perfect for vegetarians or as a nice healthy side right? Wrong!  Potatoes boiled in fat, then roasted in more fat, topped with even more fattening goodness: crispy bacon pieces.  They weren't kidding when they say it's garnished with all the "fat and flavor it can muster."   I hope your heart can take it.  Add in the sharp Provolone cheese and you got a recipe for stinky breath (note- don't eat this on a date. I opened the foil to nab a bite and the whole car stunk).
Ambiance is nothing to write home about.  It's no district 12, but it ain't the "Capitol" either.  But, you came for the food, just as the spectators came for the hunger games.  I pray that you come early and score some bread.  If they run out of both bread and pita, well, let the hunger games begin!  May the odds be EVER in your favor.Beat sandwiches in Philly. Came here with my boyfriend on a Saturday. Was pretty busy and the place is tiny so it can get pretty crowded but the service was friendly and quick. We both had the Paesano. Soo good. They had a lot of other options too which sounded equally as good. Make sure you bring cash because they don't take credit/debit so we had to go to the atm nearby. Will definitely be going here again.One of a kind sandwiches which satisfy your taste buds. However, 2 things that need to be addressed here. The workers are super nice and they give you the local deli/sandwich shop experience, but... I'm not so sure about the sanitation of this place. 
First off, they don't use gloves. They make sandwiches with their bare hands and handle money with those hands afterwards. 
Secondly, the sandwiches make you thirsty for water or a soft drink. 
Don't get me wrong. I loved the sandwiches and will probably go back for more, but they could use less salt.I love a block away and have been going here for years....I absolutely LOVE their brisket sandwich but recently the sandwiches are getting smaller and the price creeps up. I still love it but being as though I have other options in the area.....I will be here less frequentlyHoly crap, batman!  Who ever thought a sandwich could be so good!!  The pork and brocolli rabe was the winner here, and they even had gluten free bread!  AWESOME.  Also, the beef with horseradish and a fried egg with yolk leaking out--PHENOMENAL!  Awesome little hole in the wall.ABSOLUTELY THE BEST SANDWICHES in Philadelphia!  Can't pick a favorite sandwich, because they are all great. I personally think the "Daddy Wad" / Italian Hoagie is the best "Italian Hoagie" I've ever eaten. I kid you not!
They recently opened a new shop in South Philly. Also, for great Italian Cuisine, you must go to Modo Mio. Same owners as Paesano's It's a quaint BYOB. http://www.modomiorestaurant.com/home. You can check out the menus of Modo Mio, Paesano's and Paesano's II.Absolutely off the hook! Elevated classic sandwiches with phenomenally fresh ingredients, fresh roasted veggies, garnishes and housemade sauces. Small but effective menu and everything I've tried so far has been superior.Paesano (beef brisket), Diavolo (chicken), and Bolognese (lasagna) ftw.  Enough said.Having tried EVERYTHING on the menu, I must say, you can't really mess up when ordering from Paesano's. My personal favorite is the Gustaio accompanied by potato arrosto. The Gustaio is: roasted lamb sausage with sun-dried cherry mostarda, gorgonzola, baby arugula, and fennel all in a wrap of some sort. It is really a "Ratatouille" type moment when you eat the Gustaio for the first time. And the potato arrosto makes you forget they don't even offer fries, not that it's a bad thing at all.
This is the place Philly's restaurateurs go to get a hoagie, shouldn't that say something? And if an Italian restaurant as successful as Modo Mio needs to open another location to deal only with their sandwiches, what better location than across the street? I've also heard that they've opened one up in the Italian Market. The same time I heard about them *thinking* about opening an Italian Market location the gentleman (maybe the owner?) spoke about offering delivery too.
The only time I tried their dessert, the crispelle, the cook was nice enough to just give it to me for waiting. Nice guy! 
This place is perfect for me to grab a bite while walking my dog, as you can order and pick up your food from a sliding window along the sidewalk--my pup don't get tied up!--and they also have a quaint streetside seating area with a couple tables. The inside is a single row of barstools along a counter overlooking the kitchen/prep area, so it can get a little hot in the summer months. They also have a board where they list 1-2 specials.
The food itself is inexpensive as everything is under $10, and with a sandwich, potatoes, & drink you're looking at $11-12, quite a deal for what you get. The drinks are lackluster, just bottled sodas (although good ones) and water, but considering the space I don't think they can get anything bigger than a mini-fridge in front.
If eating streetside isn't your shtick, for those in the know, you're just 2 blocks from one of the Philadelphia Horse Carriage Company stables (American & George Sts.); grab a bench and eat while watching the horses, just make sure you're UPWIND. Or for those less inclined, the Piazza is a block away from there for additional seating.Oh wow!!! We just ordered delivery which is great that Paesano's now has it as an option! We got the Daddy Wad Sandwich and the Giardina. They are the best sandwiches we have ever had. I got mine without cheese and instead requested extra veggies; they should add it to the menu. It's Unbelievable!!! Thank you.We went to Paesano's around noon on a Sunday and it was not very busy (compared to the demonstration outside of Sabrina's, across the street).  A waitress came to take our order, but it's not a sit down restaurant.  The sandwiches (Paesano and Panelle) came wrapped in paper and foil, and our potatoes came wrapped in foil, nestled in a basket.  It's pretty casual, but clean and efficient.  
The Panelle was good.  The chickpea pancake was hearty and the veges gave the wrap good flavor and a nice crunch.  The Paesano was too heavy for my tastes.  The beef wasn't extremely flavorful, and the fried egg (well-done) didn't add anything special to the sandiwch, while the horseradish was just a little distracting.  The Paesano's flavors just didn't compliment each other very well.  I didn't finish my half of the Paesano, which is very uncommon for me.  The potatoes (which comes with chunks of crispy pork) was very tasty and true to its gluttonous description.
All in all, it's an interesting place with some very cool sandwiches.  I don't know that I would venture out of my way to go back, but it's definitely a place I could get addicted to if I lived in the area.Fantastic sandwiches.
From the Arista (a pork sandwich with broccoli rabe, and hots) to the Zawzeech (a sausage and onion with sharp provolone), you really can't go wrong here.  Nothing clever to add, except that writing this make's me want a Paesano (brisket, ricotta, horseradish and fried egg).Amazing sandwiches! Always freshly made and unique flavor combinations. Sometimes we are craving them for dinner but they close at 3pm.  Must try gem in the neighborhood.I chose this over Sarcone's Deli because of its very inventive menu. While the business hours didn't quite gel with my schedule, I definitely went out of my way to make sure I was able to squeeze in Paesano's in my agenda.
Lured by the chicken liver offering, I opted for the Liverrace. Frankly it tasted to me like any chicken liver dish... but kudos to them for the choice of eclectic and inventive ingredients to jazz up a s/w.The five stars are for the food  and the service which was fantastic, and fast and friendly, respectively. Apparently  Bobbly Flay had just been there for a throwdown and they were advertising it in the store ( in the chalkboard) so I assume they beat Bobby, so I asked for the winning sandwich, so I was recommended to order the Paesano.
The sandwich was a tasty sensation, and really more juicy than sloppy, if you ate it carefully. The tenderness of the brisket and the combo of the cheese and egg flavor melted together was amazingly synergistic and the result was my new favorite sandwich in Philadelphia ( hoagies and cheesteaks have their own category, deservedly). 
If you were nearby why would you get fast food, or even wawa ( a good quality sandwich) when you've got this place?.Pretty good! Also pretty greasy. Love the rolls.I just noticed this was the ROTD (7/19/2010), might as well get my bandwagon in while it's what the cool kids are reading...
My dad was in town and I said to him that I was going to take him down to this little sandwich shop for lunch. We arrived at 3pm (late lunch I guess) and there were a couple of guys in there eating their sandwiches and the guy behind the counter. 
I figured, based on the reviews of the Arista, that would be the thing to get. He wanted the Paesano sandwich. So we agreed, we'd each eat half of the sandwiches and that way we both win.
And what a win it was. We got the sandwiches to go and brought them back to my house and ate them. That Paesano sandwich was amazing. The Arista was also really good. They drip with juices of delicious.
The sandwiches were only 8 bucks for a ticket to flavor heaven so I will be back.I've had most of the menu but had the diavolo the other day and felt compelled to write something. That sandwich is so solid...it's got the spice, it's got the flavor, it's moist and cheesy and real colorful, as always on great bread. Paesanos is so tasty and consistent. It was 97 degrees out and it didn't stop me from getting a heavy hot n spicy sandwich. Nothing will keep me away from this place.Finally remembering to post a review. My wife and I visited this place a couple years ago after touring Eastern State Penitentiary. 
These were the best sandwiches we have ever tasted. The service was friendly. The guys behind the counter were funny. 
They understood celiacs disease and were very careful with my wife's sandwich prep. The gluten free bread was pretty good as well. 
We had such a great experience that when we left we tipped 50%. I would've tipped 100% if I had enough cash on me.Skip the cheesesteak places, this is where it's at. I've yet to find a better sandwich in any city. The Paesano is my go to, but I've had them all and you can't go wrong here. I'll also add that the cooks here are super friendly and hard working.YES. YES. YES.
Just Do it.
OK, So I love everything about this place. I am reconsidering bringing people visiting me here instead of a customary Cheesesteak. That's how serious it is.
They cook to order, so there is a bit of a wait so don't be worried they hate you. 
I ordered the Meatloaf Parm. Who hates meatloaf regularly.... ME!! Who loved this sandwich.. --- ME!!
HUGE FAN. I'll be back to update and eat through their menu.Amazing sandwiches with fresh ingredients.  They are all amazing, and the little Italian men that work there are so cute!  I love chatting with them!Maybe I got the wrong sandwich because I e heard so many good things. I ended up with the lasagna sandwich, and it tasted exactly like a sloppy Joe. Certainly not the worst thing but not at all what I was expecting or wanting.This is not a cheesesteak place, but it is a sandwich place that's good. The location can look shady and the place it self is small and old looking but the sandwiches are delicious. The sandwiches  were different but very flavorful. They weren't small either. They are not shy with ingredients so you are getting your money's worth. If you want to try an alternative to a Phillys cheesesteak then you should go here.One of the best philly sandwich joints but the negative is that they are cash only. All the sandwiches sounded so good but we opted for the lamb sausage with cherries. It was very flavourful but super messy and soggy. Thank goodness they have a napkin dispenser and a sink to wash your hands.
Value 5/5
Atmosphere 4/5 very small but it moves quickly 
Service 3/5 slow
Quality 4.5/5
16.5/20The Arista is the greatest sandwich I have ever had ever and I don't even eat pork. Friend got fried lasagna bolognese sandwich, and it was all I could dream of. The namesake Paesano is pretty heavy with beef and egg but great quality. A must-see in Philly, far better than any cheesesteak place. Great staff!hands down, best sandwich I've ever had. the gluten free bread is great. I wish these sandwiches were a couple $ cheaper so I could eat here more often. try the one with the lamb sausage.These guys are amazing. The soup is delcious and their signature sandwich, the paesano, is delicious. and the guys are hilariousGreat vegetarian options.  It's like a hidden gem on Girard!  I ordered the Panelle and loved it.  It is wrapped in a pita, which is not noted on the menu, so just be aware of that.  The fennel and the creamy sauce really set this sandwich apart from other veg. sandwiches I've had.Unbelievable sandwiches. Friendly staff, limited seatingI don't want to exaggerate, but I would consider committing several crimes - except for kidnapping because I'm lazy - so I could eat  their sandwiches. Fresh ingredients, hand-made awesomeness. I even got a drink on the house because I was visiting.If I were a pimp, the Paesano's sandwich shop would be my bitch. I would ruin it, day after day, and make it hustle the streets for me until I become tired of all my other bitches. I would then settle down and marry Paesanos and live a productive life. If you haven't guessed already, I've recently watched a documentary about pimping in the USA and now I include references to it in every part of my life. 
Live long and prosper, Paesano's. May you rid Philly of the cheesesteak forever.After much excitement over rave reviews, I am very disappointed and won't be returning. The person who made my sandwich was the same person who took money from me with his BARE HANDS, he DID NOT WASH THEM after taking my cash. I still tried to take a bite of the sandwich but the egg on my Paesano sandwich was burnt, so burnt that it made my entire sandwich bitter, even when taking the egg out, the sandwich was STILL so bitter I couldn't even force myself to swallow it. I threw it out.SO SO GOOD!!! 
The spot is teeny tiny. It will be crowded. You will wait a bit for a sandwich. But it is worth it. LOVED the Bolognese sandwich - essentially a fresh, cheesy lasagna, topped with a fried egg, smushed between a hoagie roll. The Paesano is equally amazing. When you bite into it, it's super clear why it beat Mr. Flay in the throw-down (although really, have you tried any Flay restaurants? No contest). Saw multiple folks order the Gustaio, which is next on my list. Can't wait to go back!The Paesano sandwich is absolutely off the charts! It has caused me to come back often when I am in town. 
Besides that, I always find a close parking spot, the people behind the counter are always very nice, I never have to wait for a table & the prices are right.You must eat here. Called ahead because we were in a hurry an just needed something quick to pick up before running errands. Ordered the Paesano (brisket) and the Gustaio (lamb sausage). Both were great but the flavors in the Gustaio were amazing. The combination of the gorgonzola spread with the well seasoned lamb and the stubble were so complimentary. I cannot wait to go back and grab another. Cheap, huge delicious sandwiches you will dream about.I had to wait for a bus in 90 degree heat with 95% humidity, and run to an ATM to get cash after my order, but it was all TOTALLY worth it. These guys make some mean sandwiches! When you name a dish the same as your establishment, it better be good. The Paesano was more than good - it was amazing. Every ingredient down to the egg made for a perfect combination. The brisket was the headliner, being incredibly tender and delicious, but everything else came together to make magic. Every time I see my picture of this sandwich I get hungry (and sad that I can't have it).
This location is definitely small and a hole-in-the-wall, which made it even better. Plus the guy working was awesome and patient with me while I got cash (NOTE: cash only). Philly is a Mecca for meaty sandwiches, and this is at the top.Normally good food. 
But I ordered a statiooch with no pickles. Sandwich came with pickles and no aioli. I couldn't eat it. Called and went back and they didn't even make a new sandwich, just took the pickles off and still no aioli. Waste of $9. Lost a customer.great food in a small lil joint, makes u feel right at home!In the city of brotherly love, my own brother would have to fight me over a Paesano's Philly Style Sammy.  These warm & succulent stove top cooked creations will go into your mouth at temperatures that can only be described as uterine.. So excuse me if I refuse to share. 
- All natural and fresh cooked gourmet meats
- Balanced combination of flavors that play better together than the '93 Bulls
- A chef so talented that you'll want to shake his hand more badly than I wanted to shake my ex's plastic surgeon'sSaw this sandwich featured on an episode of Bobby Flay's Throwdown. Stopped in Paesano's specifically to try the Paesano. Great move on my part. This is probably the best sandwich in the city that no one knows about and yes I consider myself a sandwich aficionado. Let me qualify my last remark. I'm excluding the cheesesteak from the comparison. My Philly roots just won't allow me to rate any sandwich above a good cheesesteak, but the Paesano is very close. Paesano ($8): Beef Brisket, Horseradish Mayo, Roasted Tomatoes, Pepperincino, Sharp Provolone & Fried Egg. I got the Long Island hots on mine and they completed the masterpiece. Stop in if your in the vicinity of the Italian Market(9th Street)...I highly recommend it. BTW, they have some other good sandwiches also.This place never disappoints. My go-to order is the Zawzeech and the Paesano and they're absolutely delicious.  The Zawzeech has excellent sausage - it comes out with a slight char which gives it a great crunch and pairs great with the juicy caramelized pepps & onions. The guys who run the shop are super down to earth and very friendly.  Places like this are what Philly is known for!The itis has set in fully. Stopped in here before a concert close by at festival pier and got that Paisano. I'm surprised I was able to walk out of the place afterwards! Very rich but extremely good.I have to say I'm disappointed. And it's partly my fault. I went to this location with my heart set on having the chicken liver sandwich. They don't have it at this location and the one that has it is in south philly and closes at 3pm. So I was already disappointed. I had the Paesano sandwich which was decent I just didn't really care for the texture and taste of the beef... My friend enjoyed the lamb sausage sandwich I forget the name... All in all I think this is a great place. I believe I just chose the wrong thing. Besides it also wasn't what I came for... I'll try the location in south philly when I go back..On a filthy block off of Girard, Paesano's is Philly at its best.  I had avoided it for over a year mainly due to the overwhelming stench that block exudes.  I decided to give it a chance a few months ago on my way home from the MFL.  My mouth began to water the minute my sandwich was being made.
I've gone near closing.  They may not have sandwich bread and have to substitute it for pita bread, but it's worth it.YUMMMM! I have never been here but heard lots of good reviews about Paesano so I decided to chance it. I had 40 people coming over to our house for my son's christening so I was debating hot roast beef or hot pork. What a decision it was. We went with the hot roast pork. WOW was it good. We were so glad that we had leftovers. Broccoli rabe, hot peppers and roast pork....oh so good. Mouth is watering now for more.Fantastic, Flavorful, well prepared sandwiches. Very friendly staff. Small hole in the wall sandwich shop. Only a handful of seats. Luckily on the day of our visit, the only other customers were leaving as we walked in, so we got to sit down and watch them as they made our sandwiches. Got the Paesano's sandwich and Diavlo. Can't wait to go back and try the other sandwiches. Sandwiches were both juicy and tasty. 
If you haven't tried them yet, you're missing out big time.Yaaakkkk... We ordered 3 sandwiches. None of us were happy. The sandwiches was soggy, fatty and tasteless. We ordered a hot sandwich but it came out a bit cold. I will never come to this place again. Don't get fooled by the reviews.I know that there are already 300+ reviews but their eggplant sandwich (GIARDINA) is right up there among my favorite sandwiches in the city.  So much better than an eggplant parm hoagie made with those previously frozen breaded eggplant discs.  This is fresh roasted eggplant, fennel & peppers, fresh mozzarella and basil pesto.  NOM, NOM, NOM!Provisional list of best sandwiches in entire world:
Gustaio
PaesanoProbably the platonic ideal of the italian roast pork sandwich. Rich oozy pork, hot peppers and some sharp cheese. I split one with a friend which was probably a smart choice otherwise the itis would have been very strong. Their other sandwiches look excellent and I would make a point of stopping here every time I'm in the City of Brotherly Love (also the italian market neighborhood is just dope generally.Excellent sandwiches and awesome customer service! I would recommend Paesano's to anyone.
I ordered two trays of sandwiches for an event at my job (fairly priced at $50 for enough to feed 8-12 people) from the Italian Market location. Not only were the sandwiches delicious (very fresh Italian bread with unique and really tasty flavors), but the staff was very friendly and accommodating to us. We had to pick-up after their closing time (which is 3:30pm) and they happily let us do that, when my check at work got screwed up and we were unable to pay at pick-up, they let me take an invoice and pay later; and they called to ask how everything was. 
Definitely order from Paesano's!Excellent and very fresh sandwich. I'm picky but this one was good. Order the Diavlo if you love chicken and salami!Forget the Cheesesteak as the signature sandwich of Philly. It should be the Liveracce. This sandwich is amazing and has such an incredible mesh of flavors. It's sweet, savory, sour and tangy. I don't particularly like sandwiches but this was one of the best things I have ever eaten. Paesano's is definitely a foodie destination and it's located in the Italian Market neighborhood. The streets are lined with stalls that sell super cheap fruits and vegetables, even cheaper than NYC's Chinatowns. 50 cents for a box of strawberries and 3 lbs of okra for $2!
We ordered the Arista and Liveracce and almost immediately ordered 2 more Liveracces to bring back. It's that good. Here's what's in it. Crispy chicken livers w/ salami, sautéed onions, iceberg, roasted tomatoes, garlic mayo, sweet orange marmalade, gorgonzola spread & hot sauce. Each ingredient is distinct but also compliments each other perfectly. What makes this sandwich for me is the orange marmalade. That sweetness makes you think it's a little too sweet but then you get some of the savory liver and it's frigging delicious. These guys are sandwich geniuses.Move over, DiNic's! There's a new king in town! The Paesano (brisket, horseradish mayo, roasted tomatoes, pepperoncino, and fried eggs) was phenomenal! The meat is sliced thin, but it wasn't dry (fairly common with thinly sliced brisket sandwiches I've had elsewhere). The horseradish mayo and pepperoncino didn't overpower the taste of the meat either, and the roll was incredible. You just know you're in the Italian market when you bite into a seeded Italian roll that's perfectly crunchy on the outside, yet soft on the inside!
I got here a little after 11am, and there were only a few other customers! Fantastic! The guys who work here were also really nice.
Please see my previous review for the Arista (pork) and the Daddy Wad (Italian hoagie)."I should've just gone to Geno's for a cheesesteak." Oh my god, people, go back to the suburbs. 
I was here once right before the I guess dinner rush (although they're not open late enough for dinner, so it could've been the late lunch crowd?). Literally 10-12 people (3-4 separate parties) came in right after we ordered. 
I had the Arista (pork, long hots, broccoli rabe, sharp provolone), and the other two people I was with shared the Daddy Wad (Italian Hoagie, Sweet & Hot Peppers, Sharp provolone, Tomato, Onion, Hot Copa, Pickles & Arugula). This was $9.
This is the only place I know of in the city that includes both broccoli rabe AND long hots without making you pay an extra $2 for the long hots. It was good, but it's certainly not the best pork sandwich in the city. It's the best in the Italian Market (seriously, ignore the tourists and skip George's). I'd place them behind John's (#1) and DiNic's Italian Pulled Pork (#2) in best pork sandwiches, but if you don't have time to travel to them, here's your best best in pork sandwiches.
The "Daddy Wad" ($10) wasn't bad compared to the other Italian hoagies we've had.  The arugula and sweet AND hot peppers were a nice touch. I love that they include all these extras free of charge when other sandwich shops usually only include one (sweet peppers, usually) and charge extra for hot peppers, but it's included! 
They're not the best in the city, but they're up there, a great place to stop if you're in the Italian Market, though I wouldn't come to the Italian Market only for here. 
ja eat yet?What can you say about a place that not only has amazing and outstanding sandwiches but also makes them gluten-free on request.  My wife has a gluten allergy and this is one of those places where we can BOTH order amazing food!  My favorites are the Paesano and the Gustaio.Just went today and was very disappointed. Went to Paesano's because of the food channel and now I would never take there word again.One word... Awesome!!!  The true Philly sandwich! Succulent roast pork with super sharp provolone and broccoli-rab.  The Pork was as described,  supper juicy.  The provolone was out of this world.  Simple sounding sandwich with only 3 ingredients but everything was of super high quality.  Any one who is in town should skip the tourist traps and come here to get a roast pork sandwich.  If inclined they also serve their version of the cheese-steak which i hear is also very good.  Cant wait to go back!This place has some really hearty sandwiches!  You will not go hungry if you eat here!
I tried the Paesano, the Arista, and Gustavo.  
- Beef brisket with a fried egg
- Pork with broccoli rabe
- Lamb sausage with fennel in a wrap
Everything was super greasy and oily.  The paper that wrapped my sandwich came to me translucent.  But I don't think you come to Paesano's because you are trying to lose weight or eat bad food.
Juice ran down my arms, but I didn't care because I was too busy devouring all my sandwiches.  Yes, I ate all three... sharing with 3 other friend's of course!!!  I'm not crazy!
My favorite was probably the lamb sausage.  The saltiness of the lamb was perfectly completed by the sweetness of the roasted tomatoes and fennel, and because it came in a wrap, it didn't feel too heavy.
Seating is limited, and there's a sink next to the soda machine... which will make perfect sense after you eat at Paesano's.  You're gonna get a little dirty.overrated and the one on girard was better.had the lasagna sandwich and the long hots overpowered everything on it.dissapointed but not surprised.attitude at owners other restaurant modo mio is dissappointing as well.They make a killer hoagie here--and I consider myself a professor of Hoagie Studies and Sandwich Theory (dissertation: _The Semiotics of the Sandwich: When Signifier Slips Into Deliciousness_). 
We stopped in for lunch, and my wife and I split the "Daddy Wad" (perhaps reconsider this name, Paesano's) hoagie, which was an Italian hoagie with sharp provolone (perfect to stand up to the genuine Italian cold cuts), sweet and hot peppers (hot peppers were standard-issue banana peppers--read: not hot. They should get some really hot peppers here), and arugula (awesome). The meat selection was top-tier: soppressata, capicola, mortadella, etc. The bread was just right: light crunch and some chew, flavor stayed out of the way of the ingredients/served to highlight them). 
One sandwich was plenty for both of us to split, and it was a bargain at $8. Would definitely come back.The giardina sandwich was slamming .. It's their only veggie sandwich . It's made with roasted eggplant , peppers, onions and mozzarella cheese. Delicious! Highly recommend.What a fantastic sandwich place. My family and I stopped in on a recent trip to Philly and was blown away! We order the liverace, the roast pork, the hot dog. All amazing!! Will definitely be back!!If my waistline wasn't an issue I'd come here more often.
They have DELICIOUS sandwiches!  
***It's best if you eat here!  If you take-out on your first time here, you're missing out on the warm, ewey goo-ey, pulls on your heart strings experience.  It's almost euphoric.  Remember weekdays are less busy than the weekends so be prepared if the place is packed!
The guys that work here are super friendly and make your sandwiches right there on the spot.  You can tell love and pride went into each sandwich you get.  So good, it brings a tear to your eye.  Fat sweat pants is a necessity.The paesano sandwich. Redic. Eat it there though, the roll will get soggy.My first visit and I had to try of course the Paesano sandwich. This sandwich won't win any elegance points for how greasy it looked. But luckily I'm one of the few people who can look past a food's appearance to get to its taste. And in that it wins in my book. It'll fill you and won't break youI'm so glad that Bobby Flay decided to try his luck at a Throwdown with these guys. One day, Sabrina's was packed and my crew was very hungry. i looked across the street on the corner of 9th & Christian and saw Paesano's. This was possibly one of the best days of my life.
I ordered the Daddy Wad (Italian hoagie), took my first bite, and I was in pure, sandwich haven for the next 20 minutes. I was stuffed after the first half, so I saved the other side for later. Since that day, I've returned to Paesano's many times and have ordered the same thing.
Best Italian hoagie I've ever had. Can't wait to try other items.I really don't get it, maybe I'm just used to west coast sandwiches. 
We went there HUNGRY too, got a paesano and a diavlo. 
The first few bites were good enough because we were starving, but it was all downhill from there. It was messy as hell, which I don't mind, but it was just kind of heavy and salty and greasy for me. Really soggy too, can't imagine what would happen if you don't eat it there. I think i would've enjoyed it more without the fried eggs. 
Tried my wife's diavlo and liked that one better, but still didn't like it  all that much. Felt horrible and tired afterwards, like I had a rock in my stomach. 
I must just not like philly style sandwiches (outside of cheesesteaks, which I love) - I wasn't crazy about john's roast pork, dinics or primo's either.A great sandwich!  I got the Brisket with sharp  provolone, hot peppers, horseradish and a fried egg.  Delicious!   The roll was fresh and the brisket tasty.  I could of used a touch more horseradish but it did balance the spice, meat and cheese nicely.  I cannot wait to return and try something else-suckling pig?Just yes. There are no losers on the entire menu. I live nearby, so between the people I work with, my husband and visiting friends, we've eaten everything on the menu and it's all been great. These guys know how to build flavor. 
These are not sandwiches that you daintily pickup and eat, though, so beware that things are going to be deliciously messy.I woke up and ate breakfast like normal, but I knew this wasn't any other day.  Once the breakfast was digested and I felt the urge again I headed on my way to the new Paesano's in the Italian Market.  
It's not a brand new menu, but about 5 new additions have been made:  three sandwiches (fried lasagne, liver & onions, and fried fish), a Minestrone, and a Chopp salad.  Hanging next to the original menu is plenty of blank chalkboards just waiting for them to settle into the larger space and expand.  In addition to their larger kitchen comes a dining area that enables you to finally breathe and relax between each delicious bite.  This leads to a much more pleasurable dining experience, I must admit.
Now onto the actual eats.  I got a mainstay to eat in: the Gustaio (lamb sausage, sun-dried cherry mustarda, fennel, and gorgonzola).  This was extraordinary, even more fantastic than usual.  I noticed that the wrap was extra rustic and while I was polishing it off Nate had confirmed my suspicion that they had switched to a different one.  
I felt empty at this point though.  Not my stomach, my heart.  Why stick to the basics?  This visit would be unaccomplished if I didn't try a new sandwich, so I had to decide what to take home.  I was feeling extra giving today and decided to bring one of the new sandwiches, the Bolagnese (fried lasagne, smoked parmasean, and a fried egg on a Kaiser roll),  home for my roommate and I to split.  Italian-style chicken cutlet breading helped the deliciously fried lasagne, but it definitely doesn't have the full-on flavor of the rest of the menu.  
This great new location will be a spot to take the out of towners, but I think I will stick closer to home with the old Philly Style.  I have a feeling that the authentic old menu staples (Gustaio, Arista, Daddy Wad, and Crispella, etc.) with the few additions such as Bolagnese with the Italian-style fried lasagne will help new Paesano's settle perfectly into its new location on the corner of 9th & Christian.I have only ever ordered one type of sandwich from Paesano's, and it's the only sandwich I'll ever need to be happy for the rest of my life. The Arista is a spicy pork phenomenon, bursting with flavor from the succulent shredded roast pork, sharp provolone, and spicy long hots offset by bitter broccoli rabe. All on a Sarcone's roll that puts up a good fight against the juiciness of the pork. Hands down my top Philly sandwich. 
The place itself is pretty sparse with minimal seating and some standing counter room. Always busy on Saturdays (the only day I go), so call ahead if you're in the area. Otherwise enjoy your wait in line by catching the employees' wisecracks and soaking up the Philly vibes!In pursuing my goal of going to every Philly joint shown on stupid travel shows (I'm looking at you Guy Fieri and Anthony Bourdain), I decided to try Paesano's on 9th.  First things first, when did the Italian market become such a hole?  I know this is how things were done in the day, but people adapt, learn new ways of doing things (usually better ways).  Long story short, I dont want to buy seafood sitting in a plastic bin on the side of a dirty city street.
And back to Paesano's.  I'll have to hand it to Mr. Bourdain.  He can be a D-bag many times on his shows, but they sure made this place a lot more appealing than it is.  The shop befits its prominent location in the market, as it is a hole as well.  Why the 4 stars you ask?  The sandwiches are REALLY good.  Order several, leave the market, then share with friends.The best Italian sub I've ever had.  By far.  Fresh meats and cheeses, fresh bread, and the perfect combination.  It was heaven.  My friend had the pork sandwich, said it was better then Dinic's.  
 Small seating area, free refills on sodas, and really great service.  I'll be back!!I am a filthy animal.
Immediately on the heels of a Geno's cheese steak, we stopped into P2 for what would be our last meal of the trip. I'd read about The Bolognese  before heading down and it did not disappoint in its size, nor in its flavor.
My god, who know that a fried lasagna sammy - topped with a fried egg nonetheless - could be so ... life-affirming as someone else put it.
My s/o had the Paesano and, while pretty fine, it paled in comparison to the Bolognese. The meat might've been a little on the dry side, unfortunately.
The service was perfect. Immediately at our table when we sat down, orders in right away and checking up on us at the right times. I actually thought it was great when she cooed at me for calling a "soda" a "pop" (I Am Canadian) and asked "aboot" our trip to Philly. 
Good stuff, eh?Now THIS is a Philadelphia style sandwich.
I've been here twice so far.  On my first go around I went with the Daddywad, which is essentially a traditional Italian Hoagie.  I loved the fact that argula is used in place of the typical, tasteless, shredded iceberg lettuce.  The Provolone had just enough bite, and no one ingredient was overwhelming.  I'll be hardpressed to find another Italian Hoagie in the city that compares to the Daddywad.
For my next trip to Paesano's, I decided to go for their signature sandwich and namesake--The Paesano.  This thing is everything you heard and MORE!  Who needs a cheesesteak when you have the Mona Lisa of sandwiches??  
Go here--you won't regret it!Ok, so the general consensus is that Paesano's sandwiches are great.  But what about for vegetarians?  Well, they have one option for people like me on the menu and it is delicious.  The Giartina (I think that's the name of it) is roasted eggplant, peppers, & fennel with basil pesto and fresh mozz.  Just incredible, very flavorful and you can taste everything with every bite.
The roasted potatoes side is great as well and only $2!  I'll definitely be back often for take out as that sandwich cannot be beat.Got the Paesno's sandwich for carry-out and have to say in a town that's known for sandwiches this ranks right up near the top.   Highly recommend checking out this spot!What a surprise Paesano's was. I read the reviews on yelp and thought... really... how good could a sandwich be?
I ordered the Arista and potatoes on the side. The potatoes were great but as soon as I took a bite of my sandwich..... My taste buds were overwhelmed. It was truly an experience. The gf and I tried to go back on Memorial day only to find out it was closed (along with half of Philly) before we headed home.
All I know is, a pig was sacrificed in the making of my sandwich. I salute you pig. The sandwich ritual was GLORIOUS!!!This place is awesome! I asked for a regular Philly cheesesteak and the dude told me, "there ain't nothin regular here buddy' then he recommended the PAESANO and man I was impressed. Hot peppers, horseradish mayo, beef brisket, egg, peppercino, with RC cola. A-MAZING. Gonna come back and try some other stuff. This place is in the Italian market and it's like little Italy  down here in Philly. I'm from New York so this place was traditional PHL.5 stars for me! catering available to feed 15 for 65 bucks and they sell pulled pork too which is reasonably priced as well. Definitely coming back here. Terminal market is next for me tho.Of course it was great, but for some reason, the meat in the paesano and arista were not as tender as Paesano's I. I'm pretty sure it was an off day tho...When I first walked into Paesano's, I was a little underwhelmed by the ambiance.  I had heard a lot of hype about this place, so I figured it was one of those secretly delicious (not so secret) restaurants that doesn't have to care about the way it looks on the inside.  I also have a hard time getting excited about sandwiches - they are usually what I have to eat at the house to fill my stomach without a lot of cooking labor or enjoyment.
The sandwiches here are delish.  The Paesano and the Diavlo are my two favs.  The Paesano brisket is ooh so tender, and combined with the egg and cheese it is definitely both a messy sandwich and a filling one.  It reminds you of what a sandwich should be.  An acrobatic experience for your mouth and a warm, home-cooked tasting experience for your tummy.  The Diavlo  is for those that like their sandwiches a bit more on the spicy side.
The only reason I don't give this place five stars is because last time I went here my sandwich was a bit on the greasy side.Have 1 of each!  Great sandwiches, have to be willing to try something new and dig in with both hands to enjoy!We were brave perhaps, daring maybe? I didn't see any YELP pics or reviews for the Liveracce. Wow was it rich! Chuck full of large crispy chicken livers, some salami, Gorgonzola spread, orange marmalade, onion garlic mayo, roasted tomato, lettuce, hot sauce and oregano vinaigrette. The only complaint would be the ginormous chunks of lettuce in ours but the crisp green is so needed to even out the heartiness of the liver and savory toppings. I recommend giving this a try, it would be something to finish one on your own, but sharing may be better.I will keep this short and sweet. The Arista is the best sandwich I've ever had. Period. Worth the wait. You should go there now.great food and services. they staff understand what needs to be done and do it.. theprice is right and the food is quality.  go there todayDo your self a favor and go for lunch. Every sandwich I've had so far is incredible.An amazing meatloaf sandwich. A bit dry for my taste but that's because I'm a weirdo that likes everything with extra sauce. I would definitely get a bit extra of their red sauce to dip it in and it would be a 10. Without the dipping sauce it was a 9.5.
I will be trying many more of their sandwiches.So... The time had finally come. A trip to Paesano's.
I ordered Arista and I have to say... It wasn't as good as I thought it was going to be after all the reviews on Yelp I'd read. I expected the pork to be more tender and found the provolone to be overpowering the sandwich. Also, the sandwich was very salty.
However, the meal was redeemed when I switched my sandwich with my friend, who ordered the Paesano. This sandwich was definitely better than the Arista. The beef was tender and the fried egg added a bit of that ooey-gooey goodness that we look for.
Another friend ordered the Bolognese, which I had a bite of. It was fantastic!!! The spices really hit the spot.
All in all, the experience was a great one (the sandwiches all had this wonderful seeded bread) but it didn't match up to the hype that I had pre-formed, for better or for worse, in my head.
P.S. $1 for all you can drink sodas (orange creme, black cherry, root beer, etc.)Best sandwich shop in the city... hands down. Well, this and their Girard location.
Oh... and the lard fried potatoes are insane.I like this place. I like this place a LOT. The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars and not five is because we waited a fair bit for two sandwiches while we watched a long line of people come and go with their food. That said, it was worth the wait. I am gluten free and this place gets their bread from a gluten free bakery across the street to make a lot of their sandwiches GF (note this is not a dedicated GF restaurant). On a tip from a nearby shop, I ordered the paesano. Brisket, sharp provolone, horseradish mayo, arugala (I think!) and tomatoes with a fried egg on top. Um yeah. Best sandwich ever. Just tuck in. It's messy and delicious. My friend ordered the lamb sausage sandwich, the name of which I cannot recall at the moment, that was also quite delicious and unique. 
The reason I like this place so much was not really because of the food so much as it was because the guy running this place was just a dear. He took care of his customers beyond what was necessary. Credit card machine down? I'm so sorry, I'll give you a discount for the inconvenience. You've been waiting a while, here, have a soda on me. 
Just a charming man serving stick to your ribs goodness. Next I'm in philly I'm going here right away.One of the best sandwiches I have ever had.  Had the Arista which was incredibly good.  Perfect combination of ingredients, the Broccoli Rabe and the sharp Provolone  combined with the pork were heavenly, need to go back soon and try more!  I would say this, and Bunk in Portland OR are the best two sandwiches I have ever had.I think I had the  best sandwich I ever had here all my life!!! If I have to compare to a few in Philly like dinics and jakes, but wow, the paessanos sandwich is the best. I don't like eggs in my sandwiches or pizza or wherever they think of creative things to add to, but I gave it a try bc paessanos said its the best seller. (He said The menu goes from most popular to lease kinda.) the egg oozes out at every bite but the amazing thing is, the somewhat thick yet consistency if the eggs balanced out with the abundant meat. Plus the the bun is perfectly crispy and soft too. I hate myself not trying this place until recently. I must come back for every sandwich on their menu. I came withy three friends and everyone said it's the best sandwich they had.  Recommend!I had Paesano's philly syle cheese steaks last night with my son and his girlfriend.  They offered quick friendly service and their steaks were juicy and delicious. 
If you come to Paesano's, I recommend coming during their lunch special times for more value!  I really enjoyed my experience here!Finally I made it to Paesano's II !!!! One of the best sandwiches I had in the city in a long time. I had the chicken with chedder, provolone, salami and brochli rob!! Yummy......Go here, you won't regret it.  Stopped by on a whim while strolling through the Italian Market.  The hoagies are decently sized - I ate half of mine and was full and my husband ate all of his and was stuffed (note: my husband eats the equivalent of a cow for dinner each night).  Both of our choices were satisfying.  I had the diavlo, which boasted the right amount of spiciness and gooeyness.  My husband had the arista, which he claimed was one of the best things he's eaten in awhile, hoagie-wise.  
Another plus - they have Stewart's Orange Cream in fountain drink form.  Awesome lunch spot - we'll be back.Can you give less than one star on Yelp?? 
First of all they do NOT have cheesesteaks!  Boo to Yelp for making us go out of our way to get to this terrible place when all we wanted was a cheesesteak!
The counter guy was basically abusive to the customers - DON'T TRY ASKING ANY QUESTIONS ABOUT THE MENU OR THE SNIDE JUNKYARD DOG WILL SHAME YOU IN FRONT OF THE OTHER CUSTOMERS.  
The kids pizza was a doughy slice of bread barely warmed with an unmelted slice of Swiss cheese on top and with 3 tablespoons of tomato sauce on top of that.  It was inedible!
The brisket sandwich was ok, but the lasagna sandwich had a bowlful of sauce inside which we had to wring out.  Hopefully the homeless man on the street we gave the leftovers to had a better appreciation.  Also really overpriced for quantity as well as quality - should have gone to Wawa.  This place ruined our day - kids included!Went here looking for a traditional phily cheesesteak - which they do not sell. But they had many yummy combos - meat and vegetarian options - well priced at under $10. I had a paesano which is made with lean delicious thin sliced brisket along with peppers, onions and provolone cheese. Very good. Long wait to order and get food - one person taking order and one making food. Only 8 or 9 bar stools for sitting. Best for take out or a one time experience.Very good service. Cute interior design. Superb Hoagies/Subs/Sandwiches. Overall a good experience.
Go to this place and savor the deliciousness, now!
Oh yeah we ordered specials of the day, 'Pasticcio' -very delicious, gf enjoy it very much- and its healthier counter part 'Sta-ti-ooch' -superb too me.Had to get the Liverace after seeing Uncle Tony eat it here with the owner. I mean you can't go wrong with deep fried chicken livers, right? The orange marmalade was a sweet and fruity way to cut through some of the heaviness but I would've liked to have some more acid to balance. The roasted tomato was a nice touch. The Pig Skins were a sinful side dish and was glad to get one of the last remaining orders that day. Imagine chunks of skin-on potato fried and soaked in pork fat dancing with crunchy, caramelized bits of pork and light sprinkling of cheese. Drooling just thinking of it. If you're a pork fat lover then definitely cop this dish right now. With an pretty big menu I would definitely come back to try more of the many other creations.
Service here was friendly and easy going. The location is cool if you're cruising the shops at Little Italy.Definitely the best Porchetta sandwich since I left NYC!!  Perfectly savory deliciousness!!Oh my.  I love sandwiches.  Always have.  And this place has damn good sandwiches.
We came here with 8 people, and I split two sandwiches with a buddy of mine.
The Paesano came on a seeded long roll (sarcone's?).  Beef was tender and well flavored, if a little over salted.  Sharp provolone, mayo, and egg rendered a subtlety of fat flavoring, and the horseradish provided a nice kick.
The Gustaio is basically a really good merguez dish in a wrap.  Nicely charred lamb sausage is combined with a little bit of fennel, some gorgonzola, and a tomato mostarda.  A little salt, a little sweet, a little fat.  A great sandwich, but to be honest, I didn't LOVE the wrap.  Plus, it added a layer of additional cleanup to an already messy sammy.  Prices are fair and service is swift.  Not too crowded either!
Looking forward to going back!Best sandwiches in the City.  There is a reason the line is always out the door.  Our favorites are: Gustaio, Liveracce, Diavolo, and the Paesano.
Save time and call in your order ahead of time.Like I even have to review this place? Everyone knows it's the bomb. The Arista, Daddy Wad, Paesano, and the Gustaio are my faves. The sammiches are consistently good and the staff is very friendly. I live around the corner & this is my go-to sammich joint! Tip: plan on taking a shower after eating the Paesano - it's that messy! Not complaining!WOW this place was amazing. I split a paesano and the sandwhich with the lamb sausage and i thought they were both amazing with the lamb sausage slightly inching out the paesano.  another friend got the chicken diavlo sandwhich or whatever spicy chicken sandwich they had and they said it was good tooBest Italian hoagie I have ever had. hands down. Enough said.The lamb sandwich maaaaay be the best sandwich I've ever had in my life. Certainly makes the short list. I've found a few of their other options a little boring in comparison, but you can't really go wrong.Paesanso's makes one heck of a sandwich.  
I have tried two of their sandwiches now.  The first time I had the Paesano, their famous brisket sandwich that beat out Bobby Flay on Throwdown.  It is a really good sandwich...juicy brisket and the fried egg goes so well.   This time I had the Arista, which has roasted suckling pig with long hots, provolone, and broccoli rabe.  I have to admit that I like this sandwich even better.  The suckling pig is tender, the provolone was sharp but did not overpower the meat, and the long hots provided the right amount of spice.  Also, it wasn't as heavy, so I didn't feel weighed down.  
I can't wait to come back and try the rest of their menu.I stopped by just after 11am on a weekday so it was pretty empty. This shop is tucked away in the middle of Italian Market, so you really have to look for the Paesano's name on the awning. The set-up is no-frills and easy to figure out because all the offerings are clearly marked on the chalkboard above the register. The seating is limited to a few counters and stools with napkin dispensers, but they will give you a cup for water from the soda machine if you ask.
I got the Bolognese sandwich which was basically fried lasagna, topped with a fried egg, in a sesame hoagie roll. It was really dense and quite delicious. I liked that the yolk from the egg was still runny. The sandwich was wrapped in paper and then a foil paper roll, but the grease quickly soaked through. Eat half now, and save half for later. Just make sure to wrap it up in a plastic bag or you're in for a messy surprise later.
Another nice touch is the sink with plenty of soap and paper towels. Trust me, after eating one of these messy masterpieces, you'll be grateful for a space to clean up!I never knew hoagies could be this delicious. I always bring my friends and family here for lunch when they visit, and everyone loves it. I trudged through the snow more than once this winter to get a Daddy Wad (their take on the classic Italian hoagie) or Gustaio (lamb sausage with fennel and other acouchements), my favorites.
In my opinion, best hoagies in the city, without a doubt.I have literally made trips to Philly just to come here.
The sandwiches are creative and inspired. Nuances of flavor abound...wait...this place isn't some fancy restaurant. It's a small, amazing gem of a spot with greasy sandwiches made right.
Love reading the reviews saying, " there aren't any cheesesteaks" GET OVER CHEESESTEAKS! There are 1000 percent better sandwiches in this city than your standard cheesesteaks. Also for the love of god if you mention Pat's and Geno's you shouldn't be allowed to review food on the internet. 
This place rules.there's more to philly.
zawzeech twentyfourseven
keep your arista!I've ordered catering trays (beef brisket and pulled pork) from Paesano's two or three times now. The food is delicious and the prices are amazing for the amount of food you get. Really nice delivery guys as well. Absolutely recommend you try them outPork broccoli rabe is a must try. Brisket is pretty darn good too. I just wish I could eat this via PM delivery.Screw cheesesteaks. Go away, Subway. The Paesano is THE REAL Philadelphia classic!
Hot, meaty, toasty, salty-savory, greasy. It's everything you want in a hoagie. Let the Yelp pictures speak for themselves. My friends and I ordered a bunch of different sandwiches and enjoyed every single one. Kind of a hole of shit on the inside, but don't let that deter your inner foodie. And the impatient dude behind the counter just adds to the real Philly experience!
All in all, the hype is well-deserved.More proof that Philadelphia is the nation's capital for sandwiches. I haven't tried everything on the menu, but the Paesano and the Arista are must-haves. The Arista in particular is a great take on a roast pork sandwich. I tried the Liveracce on my last visit, and like everything else I've sampled, it doesn't disappoint. I'd recommend splitting it though--between the livers, the Gorgonzola, and the orange marmalade, the richness can be a bit overwhelming.This is my favorite place to pick up lunch or a sandwich platter to bring to work or to customers.  My favorite is the Giardina (vegetarian) sandwich.Great sandwiches. I've been here twice and I've gone with the Paesano (brisket) and the Daddy Whad (Italian Hoagie). 
Great roll.
The Italian hoagie uses spinach leaves rather than lettuce, which is unique / very good. 
Two friends of mine from NYC came down for a weekend and said that the 'Paesano' was the best sandwich they've ever had.
Only con is the hours (closed by 5 during the week, and 3 on weekends).Christ almighty. This place just might have given me and the SO a coronary .
I got the panelle sandwich. The panelle itself, and the bread, were great. I loved the lightness and texture of the panelle. So why the smothering in heavy, kind of gross tasting ranch chipotle mayo stuff? That is sooo unnecessary (and unwanted, frankly).
The SO got a sandwich with meat lasagna - yes, you read me correctly - lasagna in a sandwich - that also had peppers, cheese, and some other crap in it. Dude, this sandwich was literally a heart attack in waiting. He loved it.  But to be honest, I despised it. It was so oily and excessive. Flavors in the meat were pretty good - it had potential - but it needs less grease and the lasagna, while intriguing, is rather much. 
Plus some points for a cute, casual atmosphere, good prices especially for how huge the sandwich is, and nice service.This place seriously has sandwiches that are out of this world.  The Paesano is my favorite, for sure, with tender beef brisket, provolone, fried egg, mayo, and horseradish.  This was the first time that I've had a fried egg in anything besides a breakfast sandwich and found that it really added to the flavor.  So so good.  My dad likes the Arista, which has  roasted pig with provolone and broccoli rabe.  I dare to venture that any of the options is quite delectable.  The chalkboard menus are cute, and it can get busy at lunch.  Definitely worth the drive and wait, though  They don't make sandwiches like these outside of Philly.  I make a trip here every time that I'm at home.  It's conveniently located in the Italian Market and near the asian grocery stores so I can always find an excuse to come here.  :-)Delicious sandwiches at prices ($7-$9) which are fairer than those charged by the undeservedly-famous cheese steak shops down the road.
Be prepared to wait -- no, seriously. We probably waited almost an hour for three sandwiches.
I feel bad for the staff -- who are probably overworked and underpaid. If the owner is reading this review, hire more staff so your kind and courteous team members can catch a break.shared two sammys, the arista pork and diavlo chicken off of the local special menu.. Both were amazing.. I especially enjoyed the chicken. Will go back next time in South Phillyi have heard so much about the original place in nolibs that i was so stoked to see this place open in my neck of the woods. i love a good sandwich, but i am lazy and hate going to nolibs. went there last night, it was empty, we went near the end of their day. i was so excited and a little incapacitated so i ended up with the meatloaf, when i thought i ordered the lasagna. rookie move, ordering while excited. my main squeeze got the artista. 
it took a little while for our order to come up, but obviously you don't rush these sandwiches. this is how good they are: we ordered hot sandwiches to go on a freezing night, ran/walked home 10 minutes and they were still some of the best sandwiches i have ever eaten. even after a delay, that lowered their temp and made the bread a little soggy. i mean come on, a sandwich that can withstand that and still impress me, is worth every penny. the flavors were amazing and the size was intimidating. i forced myself to complete it in one sitting, then lay on the couch for an hour blissed out by the tasty experience. so yeah man, i like this place and you will too. go on and get some.What a disappointment. After strolling around the Italian market on a beautiful day We came across a small tour group with the guide just gushing over the eatery. 
Awards this awards that Zagat rated, Bobby Flay. Wait this must be a find above all finds we thought. 
Open the door and huh really. Nothing on the menu tickled our fancy so we asked if we could have a sandwich made to order. "not really"
You can remove things but that's it. They pre slice and pre stack their cold cuts. Zagat? 
Wonderful hostess no complaints. What an awesome multi-tasker and Friendly. . But don't look past her pretty smile. Gruesome looking kitchen right behind her. 
Ok so Meatball sandwich was our choice. 
Meatballs sub par. sauce sub par. Mozzarella thick cold slices, and some slices of sharp provolone. 
We must admit we are from Northern NJ. close to NYC and spoiled foodies. 
We didn't forget the taste of that meatball sandwich the whole ride home. It often repeated itself for the next hour and a half. 
Anthony Bourdains picture is on the wall. 
Yep We guess he was filming "parts unknown" when he stopped by. 
Originally a one star review. The second star goes to the Hostess.If you're willing to fight for a table and through the crowds, this place is very much worth it. I split 2 sandwiches with my boyfriend and ordered the 2 vegetarian ones. I would have much preferred ordering the meat selections--however, the vegetarian sandwiches blew me away!! Probably some of the best sandwiches I've ever had.
Highly recommend, and hopefully I'll be back to try some of their other offerings.The first time i went there i was basically turned off by the sandwich selection they offered.  So I ordered something that looked familiar to me, the Daddy Wad.  Basically an Italian hoagie.  Then my buddy told me to try his Paesano.  Which had
Beef Brisket, Horseradish Mayo, Roasted Tomatoes, Pepperincino, Sharp Provolone & Fried Egg.....sounded totally gross...but he said the flavor combinations really worked....and WOW they did!  So the second time i returned, i ordered that and am now going to head back to get it again!Oh how I love thee! 
Just as good as the original but much better location. They must've heard me rave about the first place's food but inconvenient location and were kind enough to open an extra spot just blocks away from my apt. :D This location is much larger and has tables for you to sit and enjoy your sandwiches. Same great menu with a few additional sandwiches and a rotating special. So far, tried four, and all were delicious. I am going to slowly make my way down the list of delicious sandwiches! 
I'm sorry Sarcone, Paesano's has taken my heart.
Fave sandwiches include: Paesano, Bolognese, Arista, and Diavlo. MMMMMEven if David Akers stood in the doorway of Paesanos 2 and kicked everyone in the balls ( or baby maker, ladies) upon entry, it's still the best sandwich shop in Philly.
Just tried them out in their new digs, just a few blocks south, in the heart of the Italian market and I fell in love all over again.
Adding to the love fest in Paesanos is a fountain soda option that contains Black Cherry Wishniak!!!! I was in heaven.
2 complaints. They close too early at 3. The old location was open til 7.
And the Arista is so damn good that I never get to try some of the other awesome options on their chalkboard. 
It's not quite a kick in the balls but it will certainly take your breath away."I'm in Philly and I really want a Philly Cheesesteak"
No you don't. Stop it. Stop right now. You don't want a Cheesesteak. You want a Paesano. It's literally described by the cashier as "Like the Cheesesteak, but better." And it sure is.
Not saying the cheesesteak is bad, but look, you can appreciate the "american-ness" of hot dogs, or the "new-york-ness" of thin crust pizza, but be honest: if you're in Chicago and the choice is between an extruded meat tube on some white-bread sponge and some Chicago polska kielbasa on real bread with real thought put into the toppings, and you pick the latter, then we're speaking the same language. If you're the "I'm a rull 'murican and I want my crud-filled kaiser roll" variety, I can't help you.
So back to Paesano's: living as close as I have to this place has given me the opportunity to go down the list of their sandwiches. I've never had a bad one, but I've certainly had some great ones:
1. Gustaio. Oh my goodness, this is heaven on a flatbread. You get hit with lamb sausage and the cherry mostarda, savory and sweet all the way down, with the gorgonzola and roast fennel making the whole thing complete. This is one of those that you split in half and eat at different times, because eating it all at once is just a waste of incredible flavor.
2. Diavolo & Arista. These guys are spicy, but the Diavolo is spicier. If you're looking for something with a little bite, grab an Arista- a pork and broccoli rabe sandwich with italian long hots. If you're looking to sweat a bit, the Diavolo's spicy chicken, roasted tomatoes, and broccoli rabe will get you started.
A few comments: ALL sandwiches are messy, so don't come here in your Sunday best. These guys are ALWAYS busy on the weekend, so consider calling your order in if you can. ALL sandwiches are sliced in half, and they're substantial, so consider planning to save some for later.Freaking good. Daughter and I tried this on a butcher's mother's recommendation, dubiously. Seeing Stewart's Orange and Cream and Root Beer on tap gave us hope. Then we tried the Wishniak black cherry and decided to stay and suck down cup after cup of this. Even if the sandwich was bad, it was a win- and I usually hate black cherry soda.
Then came the Paesano and lasagna sandwiches. Delicious. I would spend money again for someone to make me a sandwich- which has NEVER happened before. As in, on the way to the airport in the morning for breakfast.  Go there, spend your calories and just enjoy. Daughter commented that the Paesano was a bit sour for her- I thought it was perfectly balanced. Either way she said her meal was delicious. Hubby sucked one down even after eating lunch already. It was that good.