My family and I visited the day after Thanksgiving. We easily got reservations and honestly could have just walked in with no reservations. There were only about 4 other tables filled. The first thing I noticed was the wine bar. This place is a must for any and all wine lovers. Our group ranged in age from 14 to 68.  Two ordered the filet mignon. They were both cooked to perfection.  The other three of our group selected the special for that night that included gnocchi, ravioli and one other type of pasta. This dish was offered as a whole or half. Everyone ordered half and it was just enough if you were planning on dessert, which you should. We each ordered a different dessert. The tiramisu was wonderful as were the pear and the apple desserts. Service was great and I would go again the next time I'm in town.Ristorante Panorama is a little bit of a throwback - the ambiance is wonderful and you do not feel rushed to start, or complete your meal. The waitstaff is well trained and are quite familiar with the menu. 
We started our meal with a wonderful antipasto platter which easily served the four of us - very nice presentation. The ladies brought their wine flights from the bar (they have a system that provides 150 different wines by the glass) while Charlie and I sampled their selection of Craft beers on tap.
Entrees consisted of:
Gnocchi con Provola Affumicata homemade pillows of potato and ricotta gnocchi with fresh basil and fresh & smoked mozzarella 
in a light San Marzano tomato sauce
Vitello Mandolese thinly pounded veal medallions stuffed with prosciutto and fresh mozzarella in a sauce of porcini mushrooms
Orecchiette housemade pasta (two).
We finished off this perfect meal by sharing two orders of excellent cheesecake.This place is incredible. Impressive wine selection, great ambiance, and impeccable service. The meatball is a must. Will make it a point to go back every time I'm in Philly.If I had intended on doing more of a wine tasting visit to Ristorante Panorama, this may be a 4. There's a very extensive list of wines and I enjoyed my Sangiovese. My sister in law and I ate here (had baby and stroller in tow) for dinner on a week night. Be warned there is no ramp if you need one! The restaurant itself is in a really cool hotel/historic building. It's very cozy and romantic. Food is okay. If the price point was a little lower, I might be more impressed, but for the price- Shrug. They also have a gluten free pasta, but only one option, with a few possible sauce substitutions, and my sister in law felt it was just okay. Staff was nice and helpful with getting the stroller in and out. I'd say, maybe not the best bang for your buck in terms of Italian, but would be a great spot for friends and wine.Ok, so those of you who know me know that I am an absolute wine geek...so coming to Panorama, with their 120-glass list, was a dream come true.  Well, it should have been.  
The wines by the flight are really nice.  I did the big and bold flight that had 5 glasses (1.5 oz pours) of mostly expensive italian wines (barolo, brunello, amarone, a priorat and a cabernet).  I think it was $55.  Not bad and the wines were each really nice.  
That's pretty much where the greatness stopped.  We also had a bottle of 1996 Pio Cesare barolo (~$70 retail if you can find it...$175 on the list).  That was a decent bottle at an outrageous mark up.  
The food...left much to be desired.  The meats were all overcooked.  The sides were uninspired and the pastas we tried were average (to slightly above average compared to other Italian places in the city).  
I'd go back for wine but not food.Very delicious, well executed food. Pleasant but old school dining room. Had the homemade burrata, roast pork ravioli, egg yolk and truffle raviolo, chicken, profiteroles. Wine flights were hit (Killer B's) or miss (Piemontese Power). Service was great. Music was terrible (like hotel lobby/elevator/bathroom music)Reservations for a birthday dinner with friends.  The restaurant is very nice, cozy, and festive.  The wine selection is amazing, the have a world record for wine on tap.  Service was also very good.  I had the rigatoni and my husband had a lamb pasta dish.  The rigatoni had some weird scoop of something that looked like creamy liver on it.  The sauce tasted slightly burnt, and my pasta was undercooked.  My husband's lamb dish was underwhelming.  The other couple with us enjoyed their dishes.  The cheese plate appetizer was delicious.  Disappointing overall.I went here with a friend and we had a great time. We went on a Friday during happy hour and stayed for quite a while. The restaurant has a very warm and inviting feeling, everything I'd previously heard about it...we weren't disappointed.
The wine selection is off the charts! Everything we had from the wine, to cocktails, to food was delicious. We will be back soon...Love coming here for the ample wine selection. They have a good amount of wines on tap and wine flights which make if memorable however we recently ordered from their homemade pasta dishes. It was somehow off. It was very salty and was lacking in flavor. Would probably just come back for happy hour and skip the food.Love them for restaurant week. It leaves more room in my budget for the wine. I am a big fan of the big and bold flight, which comes in around $55.
You can't go wrong with any of the fresh pastas. My favorite is the triangolini (I know that's not spelled right, but is the small triangle ones.) Its one of the few times that the pasta out shined the other ingredients in the dish.I went there on Friday for my birthday.  My overall impression was that the wine was outstanding, food was great and service was average.
The restaurant was decorated beautifully for the holidays.  It took a good 10 minutes before we were greeted by our waitress.  There were a few private parties going on which meant our cocktails and wine were slow to come from the bar.  I had an aperol spritz which was tasty, and we shared a bottle of Pinot Noir.  The wine list is very impressive.  She apologized for the wait, saying additionally she had to attend to another large party.
Our first course was the calamari.  It was beautifully cooked and came with both a red sauce and a pesto which was a nice touch.  Our second course was the meatballs served on ricotta pie.  I'm a die hard fan of the Barbuzzo meatball, and this was on par.
For the entree, the man had the veal which he really enjoyed, and I had the Rigatoni in a tasty beef ragu.  My pasta was beautifully cooked and the sauce was meaty, salty and delicious.  Both meals were very rich and we couldn't even look at desert.
Both the man and I commented that our waitress was running ragged around the dining room, they had clearly gone down to 1 server for the night.  But it wasn't even 9pm.  There were other servers trying to help her, but between the large private parties and the larger table in the restaurant we felt like the service really suffered.  The rest of the staff was quite young, and not that looks are everything, were not dressed in a professional manner.  
I think for the price its a great restaurant.  I'd like to go back and try a wine flight and some other items off the menu.  But they seemed understaffed for the night.Panorama is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly... had a lovely Valentine's Day dinner there with my wife and the service was top notch. They had the preset menu of 1 app, 1 entree and 1 dessert for $40, a great value.I love it when you need something from your waiter, you look at him across the room to get his attention, and he is so vigilant that he sees you and immediately comes over... that is priceless! Best dish there in my opinion is the poached pear dessert. In fact, it is one of my favorite dishes of all time. Also, any of their house made pastas are sure to please. So simple and elegant. I would highly recommend Panorama.We came here for restaurant week and I was really excited to try the place. I had heard really great things, plus it's really nice that the restaurant week menu is the same as their regular menu. Unfortunately, the service was terrible. We waited 30 minutes for anyone to even come to our table, despite the fact that it was not particularly crowded. Our server brought out the wrong wine and then (when she finally came back 15 minutes later) offered no apology and told us that we ordered it incorrectly. We then waited for what seemed like forever for each course. The whole ordeal ended up being 3 hours long. By the time we left, the place was closing. The food was pretty good, but I wouldn't say that it was good enough to make up for the service.We visited here for restaurant week and were pleasantly surprised the full menu was part of the deal.  Lovely ambiance and very attentive service complimented the tasty entrees.  The Vitello Mandolese was very tender and delicious.  The Capesante featured 4 large scallops and were equally tasty.  
Unique to this restaurant are the wine flights allowing you to taste five small glasses of wine.  Lots of fun for wine drinkers! 
For dessert the Cornetto di Ricotta was wonderful.120 wines on their cruvinet system...wines on tap are never wrong
Wine flights to try ones you might not otherwise ever try
Amazing service and Cool atmosphere
Should make a reservation if going on the weekend
- Calamari with orange WOW!
- Gluten free pasta with pesto (can use GF noodles with other dishes as well)
- Flourless cake thick like fudge and totally amazing
- Gnocchi from what I hear was the best they have ever had
- 1/2 orders are available and if you get appetizers it is a perfect amount
- The "special plates" that the server tells you about seem to be a little smaller in portion 
I found out about this place because I went to a Yelp Elite event here and I can tell you that I was not disappointed when I went back. This is officially one of my favorite restaurants in the city, what a hidden gem!The cruvinet is awesome. With 125 choices by the glass there is something for you to enjoy or explore.  Flights are put together well. 
I admit to being wary of eating there due to many poor reviews, however on one evening at dinner the plates looked good. I'll eat there next time.  
It may have helped me to order food on the last visit though.  We were met with tons of attitude when four of us came in and said that we were only there for a few glasses of wine - weren't even allowed into the bar until the "hostess" took her time in finding out if there was room.  Could we have stood at the bar, or taken a couple of high tops? Sure.  Was that offered? No.  But we did get plenty of that attitude.  
Hey Panorama, I've enjoyed many glasses of wine at your place, and even the crappy gnocchi that you used to serve.  Train your front of the house staff properly and it'll get you another star from me.Excellent service. Thank you Nile. Great recommendations and professional service. We had beer salad,beef carpaccio,pappardelle with wild boar sauce,braciola,duck and bombolini for dessert. Everything was wonderful and the wine list was fantastic. We will be back.I want to love this place so badly. The wine selection is amazing and where else can you get wine flights!?! I've visited Panorama quite a number of times with highly varying experiences. I brought my uncle, a huge wine aficionado, and he was highly impressed. We all left thinking we'd found a new Philly favorite. However, i've returned on other occasions and found the staff rude and unwelcoming. In fact, the last time my boyfriend and I tried to pop in for a glass of wine we were asked to leave because they wanted to close - it was before 9PM on a Friday.Had a great experience at panorama. The service is excellent, the food is delicious and a they have a great atmosphere. Will definitely be back!Love this place!!! amazing wines... the best gnocchi ever!!!  Great Service! Not much to write just highly recommended!!!My boyfriend and I went during restaurant week. The ambience was great. The wine selection was endless and the food was beyond delicious. We had the gnocchi and lamb. The gnocchi tasted like fluffy marshmallow clouds! I don't know how they do it! The course also included dessert which wasn't listed on the website for restaurant week. Our waiter (Sung) was super informed about wine selection, and was very friendly. I'd definitely recommend this place!My wife and I frequented this lovely, quiet place with the best pasta in the city early in our marriage (so many years ago) and always enjoyed our experience.  Then, like many others, we started paying more attention to the names like Starr and Vetri and lost track of this place.  Our 16th anniversary afforded us the opportunity of coming back home to Panorama and we sure are glad we did.  What a perfect combination of professional yet friendly service, remarkably good food, and a peaceful, romantic setting that's just a little off the beaten path.  What a gem this place is.  Do yourself a favor and take a break from the big-name, high-budget, high-brow food and treat yourself to a night of just simply great food in a wonderful environment.Excellent place to have a conversation and enjoy a flight or two of wine. The reason I say conversation in due to the well designed acoustics that reduce noise. With that being said, be sure to enjoy some burrata and a cheese plate.Wine flight here is extensive. Really fun. Appetizer meatball was delicious. Portions are on the small side but rich in flavor.I saw photos of their wine flights online and I knew I needed to check this place out. I came on a Saturday night right around 8pm for a pre-dinner wine flight and they were so accommodating. We just wanted to sit at the bar and there were no seats left, just a standing table. One of the servers rearranged two tables for us to move that standing table to an area where she could add chairs for us. It was so nice. We then each ordered a wine flight and we got the clams to share. The wine flights were so fun and the staff was extremely knowledgeable and helpful when suggesting flights. The clams were also super good. 
Highly recommend this place, and I'll definitely be back to check out their full menu.Wow, Yelpers did not steer me wrong with Ristorante Panorama.  This restaurant is A-M-A-Z-I-N-G.  Five stars from me, but I am only giving it 4 (really 4.5) because others in my group weren't so in love.
You can't go wrong with any of the pasta dishes.  The pasta is fresh, and oh so good.  The duck ragout was so flavorful as was the lobster ravioli.  
One member of my group had the Chilean Sea Bass that came over a bed of escarole with a puttanesca sauce and she proclaimed it the "best she has ever had."  Folks, this means a lot.  She is the ultra critic when it comes to restaurants.  She loved it so much, she proceeded to finish the sauce after the fish was gone!
The one downside for the food seemed to be the meat.  One person in my party had the rack of lamb which he said wasn't the best cut of meat and it was cooked more than his requested medium rare.  Another person had the veal chop, which he said was good but could have been seasoned better.  Fortunately both of the meat eaters had pasta as an appetizer.
Cannolis for dessert were good as was the expresso.
The service was top notch all around, and the space itself is really nice.  Be sure to check out the wine cellar when you visit the bathrooms downstairs.  This looks like a great spot to have a private dinner or party.  I will be back!The evening started off well with a very yummy moscato sangria that i've since tried to imitate at home on numerous occasions (and with rave reviews)...  The beet salad was also beautiful and hit the spot... so, where did the stars go down to 2?  well, it's from the disappointment of the inability of the chef to cook raw pasta.  The ravioli that we got as an appetizer was mushy and that was a preview of what was to come with the pasta.  The pasta was stuck together and clumpy and was like eating a big mush.  I gave the extra star for the drink and the beet salad.  It's really too bad because the place had good service and the ambience was comfortable.  It's really a shame that the chef doesn't know how to prepare pasta...Everything was very tasty and I was completely overwhelmed by the wine list. The bartender was very helpful and once I explained what type of wine I usually like she pointed me in the right direction. Definitely going to go back on Fridays when they have their $20 wine tasting!So we decided to try this place for the first time. 
Wine is pretty decent with a large collection. It did not appear that the staff was very versed in different wine as they referred to wines by number, and they didn't add any knowledge to it. 
We had the broccoli Rabe and the shaved pork belly. Both were tasty and delicious. No complaints. 
The entree was veal scallopine. It was very average, but edible. 
The dessert was their tiramisu budino. Actually quite light and delicious. 
I would have given them a higher rating, but they checked my umbrella and completely lost it. The manager and bartender didn't really offer a good solution to this. They took my number and said they will get back to me. 
The bartender quipped that worse thing is that they find the umbrella and I can pick it up and order a glass of wine. I would think they should give me some wine for the inconvenience of losing my umbrella. 
That left a sour taste in my mouth. I will not be returning. There's a lot of good wine in this city. No need to go to this place and lose my checked items.The food was delicious!  The service was great and the wine selection is outstanding.  My husband and I went last night as a part of restaurant week, and each had 3-courses. The pastas are amazing, my husband had the veal medallions with prosciutto and mushrooms, and I had the scallops...both were delicious. The desserts and coffee were a great way to finish the meal, and oh yeah, the limoncello was the real way to end!  I highly recommend to anyone looking for a relaxed atmosphere with delicious food!While the food is just above average italian cuisine, the wine list & wine flights make it worth the trip !I can't believe I haven't been here before now.
The wife and I had reservations but opted to sit at the bar (where the action is). The bartender was very friendly and knowledgeable explain in the wine flights and answering our questions.
My flight was wonderful and had generous pours of all the wines. We started off with the best burrata appetizer we've ever had. Flavorful lightly grilled tomatoes with the cheese on top along with arugula on the side topped with a drizzle of balsamic.
I know that I thoroughly enjoyed the rest of the meal but can't quite remember what I had. The flight and the couple of martini's I had earlier had done their job. I'll return but won't imbibe beforehand.Some friends and I went to this place before heading to dinner at Amado nearby. We had read about how they had a wide variety of wines and wine flights. While the experience was fun, I don't think I picked a good wine flight that suited my tastes. I like white wine, but the majority of my wines were Chardonnay based which I don't really love. I had ordered the wine flight that had a lot of wines that were hybrids of multiple wines together which seemed interesting to me. I thought this place was cool though.. nice but casual depending on the occasion, family dinner, dinner with friends, date, etc. I would probably go back because of the wine flights but probably select a wine that is more suitable to my taste.Restaurant week menu was so good. The oso bucco was tender, delicious and well portioned. I was surprisingly delighted by the seafood crepe, and I got a wine flight which was a wonderful treat. This is a late review, but I don't remember the desert so i don't think it was memorable but 2/3 for restaurant week (when the first 2 are that good) ain't bad!I went here for restaurant week last week with 5 of my friends and we all had the best time with our dinner.  Everything we had was delicious.  Not to mention their vast wine selection!  We got a few wine flights to share and were impressed with the selections.  They offered their whole menu during restaurant week so we got to experience a little of everything. We all tried to order something different so we could sample a little bit of each other's dishes. I got the scallops and could not have been happier.  They were enormous and plump! They were cooked perfectly also. 
The only thing I did not like was my dessert choice which was the persimmons cake - it was a little dry.  We will frequent this restaurant again.
Service was great - they were friendly and were quick with suggestions.This was decent Italian, but the wine and the cruvinet was the highlight! Panorama has the largest cruvinet (wine system) in the world, which is really cool to check out. I went here with my family for my dad's birthday. I was sort of disappointed by my cacio e pepe but the restaurant gave us a special dessert for my dad and the service was great.Let me just start by saying, the music played here made me feel like I was in a 90s porno, or an episode of Law and Order SVU. I'm pretty sure they just used any music that's royalty free.
After ordering a $14 drink with 8 ingredients listed I thought "wow this will at least be good!" It was pretty mediocre. Tasted like orange juice and brandy?
The appetizer of warm buratta came out ice cold. Not really sure what to make of that. It tasted fine. Nothing to write home about. The duck entree was pretty good. Now on to the dessert. I ordered the ricotta cheesecake. It was no bigger than the circumference of a baseball, which hey ok some desserts are small. I kid you not, it tasted like I was eating cottage cheese with grapefruit. Not worth the $11 it would usually cost.
Overall, super mediocre meal. Would not come back, not even for the duck.Go for the wine, not the food.  Wine bar is a unique experience with a great selection of wines.  Bartender is very knowledgeable.  
The food and service on the other hand is mediocre.  There are symptoms of decline to this restaurant.  The décor is outdated, low number of patrons, and unprofessional wait staff.  The antipasto misto at $17 was sad.    For pasta, I had chitarra, it was tasty but salty.  For Secondi, I shared the cioppino with my girlfriend.  Description of the dish: scallops, shrimp, octopus, calamari, clans, garbanzo beans, spring vegetables, puttanesca bread.  The dish was extremely salty and comprised of mostly beans and calamari with little broth.  It was a painful disappointment and our waiter wasn't around for 45 minutes to share my dissatisfaction.  There are a number of fantastic restaurants in Philadelphia.  This used to be one, but sadly, not anymore.Absolutely amazing! 
Went to dinner for my bday here on the recommendation of a friend and couldn't have had a better meal!  
I will definitely be going back!
Gnocchi was delish, wine flights are awesome, and portions were good.We were big fans of The Panorama of yester-year. We decided to give the revamped Panorama a spin and unfortunately, it leaves a lot to be desired.
We came here for a special occasion with a large party and were severely disappointed in several aspects of the meal.
First, it seemed like our waiter lost interest in our party when we declined to order wine. Our water and iced tea glasses were empty for 20-30 minutes at a time and were only filled when we flagged someone else down (not our waiter) and specifically asked for refills. After each course was delivered, our waiter declined to stop by to ask how things were (spoiler alert: many of our entrees came out cold). Our waiter also rolled his eyes and scoffed when my grandmother asked if burrata was a type of fish. I get it.... burrata is really trendy right now and most people know what it is. Being a foodie, I even thought it was a little funny myself, but this is a nearly 90 year old woman we're talking about here... As a waiter, you're supposed to make your guests feel welcome, and rolling your eyes and scoffing at their questions does anything but that. We were also scoffed at when we asked for a second piece of their delicious bread w/ pesto sauce. *Gasp* the nerve of us to want more than one piece of bread.
Second, we had to wait over an hour after our appetizers were finished for our entrees to be served, without any type of explanation. And when they finally came out, several entrees were cold. I'm not a shy person, so I usually would've sent mine back, but our waiter didn't bother to stop by to ask. And quite frankly, when you're nearly 2 hours into an experience that you really aren't enjoying all that much, you kind just want it to end / to get the hell out of there.
Third, the pricing is just a little bit egregious. $14 gets you a single meatball as an appetizer. $18 gets you an octopus salad that has MAYBE an ounce or two of octopus. A couple people in my party ordered a side of plain pasta w/ red sauce with their entree (the side of pasta was "off the menu") and were charged $14 each... which is even more than an appetizer-sized portion of their lobster and crab pasta or their lamb-filled tortellini. That is ridiculous.
But the pièce de résistance was charging $43 to cut and serve a birthday cake my grandmother had brought from home after being told on the phone there would be a "small serving fee". (Side note: if you know anyone who is willing to pay $43 for someone to cut and serve them a birthday cake, please send them my way!)
Some of the food was actually pretty tasty. Other than my  tortellini being cold and actually being tortelloni (you'd expect an Italian restaurant established in 1990 to know the difference), it had excellent flavor. 
But the prices, horrible service, and pretentious attitude were more than enough to detract from the tasty food and ensure I won't be coming back. 
You can do a lot better for Italian in Philly.I give them credit for trying to host a Passover meal, but it oozed with cultural ignorance. It was obvious that a Jewish person was never consulted on the menu.  Aside from only having read meat on their fixed price menu, boxed matzah, and leavened bread with dessert, it felt more like a mockery of Passover than a place I would ever consider spending my holiday again.If you like wine bars - this is your spot.
I'm not a wine guy, but Italian food is most certainly up my alley. This one is alright. One of our party ordered the duck pasta dish; I should have just order a triple order of that - top notch.
The beat salad was not what I expected; but ended up being one of my favorite parts of the meal. It's a cube of beats - and I dig my beats.
I had the trio pasta as an entree, it was ok. Nothing particularly special. Their gnocchi was rather good, but the other two pastas didn't add anything.
This time we were able to get a table (despite our reservation last time). However unlike our last experience it was almost empty. That said, don't expect a quick dining experience. Eating here is a leisurely exercise.Food was fantastic and the service was great.  The servers really knew their food/wine menu and our drinks were always full.  It really has a great ambiance for bringing a date to and it has a very extensive wine selection.  I don't think there is a required dress code, however most of the patrons in the restaurant were dressed nicely (ie. ties, coats, and collared shirts).  As more of a beer guy, the only drawback of this place was that it did not have that many beers, however the ones they had were good.I had an enjoyable experience at Ristorante Panorama. It was my first visit there and the first thing that struck me was all the awards for the restaurant's wine list. After I was seated and received the list, I understood why. The list was huge but our server diligently walked me and my companion through it. We settled on one of the flights of wine, which allowed us to taste five different wines. The meal was also very good and I was impressed that the restaurant opened its entire menu for a restaurant week function. Usually during a restaurant week dining experience, you're confined to a limited selection. I would return to Ristorante Panorama.Lovely atmosphere. Love the wine flights. Paired with the cheese plate, a perfect start. My entree was good, but did not blow me away. It was a great dining experience though. Recommended.IT WAS MY FIRST TIME coming out for RESTAURANT WEEK and my friend and I chose this place.. and we were not disappointed. The food and service were great. 
Appetizers
-Calamari, it was so good and there was a lot of squid to go around and it was very tasty and fresh. This also came with two dipping sauces the red one was marinara and the green had a garlic taste but was very smooth 
- Beef Carpaccio, was very tasty!! The plating was different and I wish there was more meat but overall it was good and melted in your mouth
Entree
I had the BRACIOLA- which is a Veal skirt steak with parsley,garlic, parmigano, porcini genovese, broccolini. This dish was super tender and the taste was amazing. This was my first time eating veal and I will now be opened to trying more veal dishes. The flavor of this veal was awesome and I will definitely come back just to eat this as well as the calamari.
Pesce
Was the dish my friend had and she loved it. It was tasty and also had a lot of flavor. The fish of the day changes I assume and. The fish of the day was Sword Fish. The plating was also very nice .
My girlfriend and I also ordered the WINE FLIGHT # 601 which was a mix of white wines and red wines. I was very impressed on how the flights came out it was really nice and fancy. Also the taste of the wines were great.
Dessert
Tiramisu Affogato Budino- I liked the first bite then I was getting a banana taste which was fine but I enjoyed the bottom of the dessert more than the top. This is a different tiramisu but I am always up for trying new desserts.
Cioccolato Mille Foglie- if you love chocolate this is the dessert for you. This was a rich chocolate a little bitter. I am not a chocolate fan but I wanted to try it. Overall the display was also really pretty.
All in all this restaurant was great!! The food was amazing and the service was fast and our waitress also helped us on choosing a great meal from the apps, entree and the dessert. I will definitely come back with friends or family.Great selection of wines.  The bartender was very helpful and knowledgeable.  I liked the selection of wine flights and also tried the cheese flight.  I had a veal dish for an entree and found it tender.  The tiramisu I had for dessert was incredible.  I can't wait to come back.I had a Fabulous dinner on Wednesday night.The Black pepper pasta with pecorino cheese was to die for and the burratta cheese salad was yummy. My waitress Sarah was a sweetheart..This restaurant is a hidden jewel..My wife and I stayed here at the hotel and we tried the restaurant, the food was phenomenal, the steak was cooked to perfection and the gnocchi was awesome and they have one the best wine selections I've ever seen. The service was ok, not bad but not great, otherwise I'd would of given 5 stars. I'll definitely go back next time I'm in Philly.Came in for a quick glass of wine, need to come back for dinner. Bartender was very knowledgable and helpful when picking out a wine. They offer wine flights and have the largest dispensing system in the world. Happy hour is Sunday-Friday 5-7pm and Saturday 3-5pm.Took my husband here for his birthday during restaurant week. It was a lovely experience. The dinning area in the wine bar was cozy and romantic. For my first course I had the gnocchi and it was everything gnocchi should be. 2nd course was pork tenderloin in an amazing sauce! It was one of the best I have tasted. 3rd course was a ricotta cheesecake. It was so so. We also had a flight of wine and it was nice to sample and pair different wines with our meal. All in all it was an excellent dinning experience and I would defiantly be going back.I'm guessing I have a somewhat unique perspective of this place because I didn't come to the normal restaurant. I was officiating a wedding the bride and groom hosted their rehearsal dinner at Panorama.
We didn't get to pick from the menu because we ate buffet style. They gave us a decent spread to choose from. I had the veal and gnocchi with salad and thought that it was quite good. They also had a wide selection of wine and beer that everyone in attendance seemed to love. 
I thought it was a great choice for the occasion. Great food, a friendly staff, and a great atmospher.Small portions. No direction from the waiter on the huge wine selection. mushroom appetizer tasted like fish. gnocchi light and fluffy but the sauce was smokey and lacked flavor. The pork was the size of deck of cards. thank god for the sweets at the end we all had room for that. not that much care given to us and the waitress who brought us the wine could barely open it -- she blamed it on her wine opener. Hmmm ... my husband liked his lobster ravioli. Should have gone to Dante and Luigi's or Ralph's. After seeing these other reviews I feel like Debbie Downer.Panorama is a beautiful restaurant with fabulous food. 
I chose Panorama for my birthday dinner with my husband. Our server was very attentive and the manager went out of her way to make my birthday very special with a few extras gratis; a glass of Proseco and an after dinner cocktail each. 
We shared the steamed clams and a half order of Pappardelle Cinghiale to start. I order the salmon, which was perfectly cooked and delicioso. My husband had a full order of the Chitarra and was in heaven. 
We cannot wait to return to Panorama again!Came here for restaurant week a while back and never reviewed. GREAT place! Service was on point, didn't have any issue with the food whatsoever. Get the wine flight, reasonably priced if not cheap! All I remember is that they exceeded my expectations especially on restaurant week when service drops at many other places.This review is for the wine bar and that wine bar was pretty impressive...a very immense wine serving/preserving unit that holds 120 different bottles. I was in wino heaven. They have about two dozen wine tasting flights available...five 1.5 oz pours in each, plus individual glasses in 3 or 5 oz pours. During happy hour those flights are  $5 off. This wonderful place is located in the equally wonderful Penn View Hotel. And the bartender makes a mean negroni.My husband and I went to Panorama for Happy Hour before an early theater show.  He had a wine flight, 2 whites and 3 reds (!) presented in a charming, vertical rack, I had a very nice $5 pinot grigio (Happy Hour price.)  The warm grilled vegetable salad was as beautiful as it was delicious, the artichoke tartlet was lovely.  Service is excellent, friendly and attentive.   I can't imagine why I've never been to Panorama before but we will definitely be back.Came here for restaurant week with some of my friends. My appetizer was the eggplant which was very good. I ordered the fettuccini and was reallllly looking forward to their pasta since booking the reservation. Unfortunately he pasta was very over cooked and almost had a "shaved noodle ramen" taste. The sauce made it soupy it was a real downer. The teramisu for dessert was very delicious I loved that they added icecream, unfortunately I mangia'd that a little too fast to take a picture.
The best part about this restaurant is the wine flights 29 dollars for 5 wines - great deal and great wines. I had the California dreaming sampler. 
I'd give this place a four out of five but the pasta was really disappointing..This place is fantastic! If you enjoy wine and good food you will feel the same. They have an impressive wine selection and have so many wine flights. 
We also ordered the Italian flight of cheese which was great and had this truffle honey that was to die for!
Gnocchi was one of the best i've ever had - very pillowy.
Definitely going back!Despite the fact the crowd seemed to be on the older side, I enjoyed this place because we tried so many flights. Panorama is the only restaurant where I've seen and tried flights in Philly. The two of us tried 17 different kinds of wine - 5 from the pinot flight, 5 from the latin loves flight (malbecs, cabs, merlot), 5 from the california cabs flight, and 2 ports to go along with our dessert. We ordered a meat plate as well, but I honestly don't remember how it tasted because I was so enamored by all the reds we were trying.
Oh, and be sure to sit in the bar part of the restaurant versus the restaurant part - it's just a lot more casual and less stuffy.Outstanding Italian food, great wines, wonderful service and old style ambiance.Had a nice romantic dinner with my date here.  Staff and service was nice and responsive. They even made sure that a special flower delivery that I ordered from another vendor was strategically placed in time for our table.  Wine selection is excellent, and I recommend doing the wine flights where you get 5 small glasses of wine, so that you can sample a few during your dinner.  The food was well presented but honestly not the greatest. We ordered fried calamari as an appetizer, but to me, it was a bit too chewy and rubbery in texture.  My fried veal covered in arugula was nice at first, but it had a hint of old, over-used frying oil in the bread crumb batter coating.  Strike three for me was the espresso, which tasted like it might have been boiled instead of pressed thru a machine.  Perhaps they used old/bad beans?  I'd still take my lovely date back here though, but probably just for drinks and some other appetizers.  Upscale, romantic atmosphere in both the restaurant and the wine bar. Not noisy either.... cheers!My partner and I went to Ristorante Panorama for our anniversary dinner. He is a winemaker, so expectations were already rather high.
Our server was very knowledgeable and accomodating. There was a special risotto for the meal, but she cautioned us that it took some time to prepare. So we ordered our salad course first and the timing wound up being perfect.
The wine - I'm not so much a connoiseur, but my flight was quite enjoyable. My partner, however, was astounded by the wines in his selection. Very impressive.
The risotto was indeed amazing and worth the wait. Creamy with the nice, sharp bit of asparagus. A perfect early spring dish.
For dinner, I got a pasta sampler dish. While each sample was delicious, I was tortured to realize I could have had an entire portion of the ravioli. Little pillows of heaven indeed! (In case you haven't figured it out - ORDER THE RAVIOLI!)
By the end of the meal, we were completely content and satisfied with fine wine, amazing food, impeccable service and a beautiful setting. Highly recommend.My wife wanted to go out for restaurant week and she found Panorama with a lot of food options.  We selected this for Sunday night, since it was the first day and the Eagles played the day before.  We arrived about thirty minutes prior to our reservation, but we were seated immediately.  It was crowded, so thankfully there was a spot for us. 
The service here was pretty fantastic.  Seated Early, prompt menu explanations and a greeting, checked up on us throughout the meal, even an unnecessary apology to say the food would be out shortly.  We devoured the amazing focaccia with a walnut pesto and we were asked if we would like more.  Of Course!  We were presented with two more slices with a bowl of the pesto.  Very special service.
Our first course was brought out to us and my wife ordered the Gnocchi with a chestnut pesto, mushrooms and some raw honey.  My agnolotti con burrata was so much better though with a nice san marzano sauce.  Hers wasn't bad by any means, but I made the most enjoyable choice.  When the entrees came out, I put my fork into a piece of the pork ribeye I ordered.  The fork just slid right in to that succulent meat.  I didn't even have to take a bite to know it was going to be good.  Not as much pork belly as I would have liked, especially since the wife was going to steal half of it.  Her braciola was good and very popular.  I saw a lot of tables order it.  
For dessert, I got the chocolate torta and she went with a tiramisu in quotes.  I wasn't a huge fan of mine, but hers was so much better.  Mascarpone, spongecake, and some espresso flavors with a warm espresso caramel sauce surrounding it.  Great flavors.  I just wasn't a huge fan of the flourless cake in mine.  The cake pieces were too small?  
All in all a solid effort and another successful restaurant week outing.We had our rehearsal dinner here for our wedding! We had 50 people for dinner and everyone enjoyed their food! Food, wine and service were great! I would definitely recommend panorama and we will be back soon!!After much talk about Panorama, I finally got to experience it last night. My girlfriend is something of an oenophile, so she mainly told me all about the wine selection and presentation. I think it's important to say right up front that while Panorama may be a wine bar, the food here is outstanding as well. 
Since I'm a white wine guy lately (especially in the summer heat), I ordered a white flight, the Blendalicious. I was delighted to see the iron tree that held the five wine glasses--much cooler than a tray. I liked being able to try a selection of wines that I probably wouldn't normally order, and I found that two of the five were definitely worth a second try.
Foodwise, we started with the orechiette with shrimp and calamari, which was quite tasty and cooked perfectly al dente. For the main course, I ordered the Chilean sea bass. I love sea bass, and I've eaten a lot of it in my life. Poached and then sauteed with a slightly garlicky butter sauce, this one was among the best. Dessert was poached pear with mascarpone and hazelnuts, paired with a glass of zingy moscato. It was all divine. I'm torn between wanting to go back for more of the same and wanting to try the other eight or so dishes on the menu that looked mouth-wateringly good (not to mention more wine). 
I should also give a shout out to our waiter, Sean, who put up with my smart-ass remarks all night (I was in one of those silly moods), gamely discussed nicknames for absinthe (but failed to settle a bet we had going on the subject) and debated the relevance of Miss Manners in modern society. My girlfriend thinks he should've talked about the wine more, but I think that's probably my fault for distracting him.I'll let you decide if this is a far review. 14 of our 19 meals weren't fully cooked. 8 were chicken dishes and 6 were veal. Those that were chicken were still pink inside. Unacceptable for a high end restaurant demanding top dollar. Manager took $200 off our $1200 bill. Now will wait to see if we get salmonella poisoning. Symptoms of salmonellosis are diarrhea, fever, and abdominal cramps. Usually takes 12 to 72 hours after infection, and the illness usually lasts 4 to 7 days. 
Never not eat raw uncooked foods until they are well done. Use a meat thermometer to be sure foods are cooked to a safe temperature. Do not use the color of the meat (such as when it is no longer "pink") to tell you that it is done.
Whomever prepared these meals should be fire.My wife and I were in town for the US Open, and a local friend highly recommended Panorama, especially since we were staying at Penn's View Hotel. 
We started off with a cheese plate, which was fantastic.   The food was amazing, but I was most impressed with the depth of wines.   We each had a flight of wine (she had a California cab flight, I had an Italian red flight).   
The atmosphere was quiet and romantic. 
The wait staff was extremely attentive and didn't seem to mind that we were not in a hurry (we were there for 2 - 2 1/2 hours).  
The dessert was sinful - something chocolate ordered by my wife.
During our dinner, the manager came over to check on us several times, which was a nice touch.   
Panorama is definitely a must stop for foodies and wine-o's while in Philly.The ambiance of this place is really neat with their exposed brick walls and dim lighting. The concept is cool, too - I'm not too well versed in wine and this bar makes trying different kinds very approachable and accessible. The staff is knowledgeable and patient in guiding newbs, like myself, towards delicious wine options. 
The food here was a bit underwhelming, as other people have mentioned, considering the price point. We enjoyed our grilled calamari, mussels and entrees were not particularly memorable, and we enjoyed a trio of ice creams from Franklin Fountain as well.  Would definitely come back for the bar.Well this place is not where you expect it to be. The ambiance is lovely inside and the service is professional. The wine list is amazing. The decor is pleasant with clean lines in a minimalist style. The food; the beet salad was superb, the lamb exquisite, the veg beautiful and the steak good but not melt in your mouth...Came here for the valentines day special at the penn view hotel, got a room, 3-course dinner, bottle of champagne and chocolate-covered strawberries for $200 which was a great deal! I thought the good was delicious: had the escargot as an appetizer, lobster ravioli entree and the red velvet cheesecake for dessert. I highly recommend the lobster ravioli. Overall the service was excellent and efficient, the food was delicious and the prices were reasonable. Would definately come back here!My girlfriend and I ate here on Valentine's Day 2014. We walked in, and both liked the look of the restaurant, as well as the music playing. Our waiter told us about the different wines they have, so my girlfriend and I both decided to get a flight of wines each. This was really neat, but probably the only thing we ended up liking about the restaurant. The restaurant had a "Valentine's Day Special" which was an appetizer, main course, and dessert for $40 a person.
I ordered the escargot for my appetizer, which was bland. I'm never one to add salt and pepper to all my food, but i had to add something to that to give it flavor. After we were finished our appetizers, it took pretty long for someone to come get our plates. We had someone refill our waters a couple times over the course of the dinner, but the water service seemed to stop near the end.
We waited, and waited and waited for our main course. We were enjoying the wine flights and didn't really mind that much that we were waiting so long for our main course. I went out to my car and got our Valentine's Day gifts for each other so we could exchange gifts while we waited for the main course to come out. A little while after we exchanged gifts, the food finally came. I ordered the veal stuffed with cheese (veal mandolese I think it was called?). This was bland and the texture was kind of chewy. My girlfriend ordered the noodles and tiger shrimp, and this was not good either. The noodles were clumped together and the shrimp barely had any flavor. 
By the time we finished our main course, we were at the restaurant for 2 hours already (from when we sat down at our table, to when we finished the main course). No one came to collect our plates for a while. No one came to ask how everything was for a while until finally the waiter came and asked what we wanted for dessert. I ordered the "mixed sliced fresh fruit and berries" which was just chunks of cantaloupe and honeydew, with a few slices of strawberries. By the time we got our dessert, we asked for the check right away, because it was already 3 hours since we sat down. I am not lying, we were there for 3 hours (which is fine if you willingly want to sit around at a restaurant and take your time, but not if it's involuntarily).
My girlfriend and I have never complained to a waiter or manager at all our dinner dates we've been to over the past year. She decided to say something to the waiter, and to the manager (when he came around at the end of our 3 hour dinner to ask how everything was). He apologized and said there was something wrong with the computer system for orders? He also offered us limoncello shots on the house, which we denied but he brought them anyway, and those were good.
We decided we won't go back again. I don't know if they were understaffed with servers and kitchen workers, but we did not like the food nor the service. I regretted taking her there for our Valentine's Day dinner.I chose this place because I was going there with my parents, and I tend to avoid noisy, hip places when I'm with grown ups. Ristorante Panorama had what I was looking for, which was a comfortable, cozy setting and an old-school vibe. The food was strong, and the wait staff was almost impeccable. You can tell that the manager runs a tight ship. They had a great variety of dishes and specials that were classic yet interesting. Every table was full, but it didn't have a rushed or noisy atmosphere. It's not the hippest place in the world, but that's actually exactly what I out to find.Limited menu, but that's to be expected from a wino's paradise. Amazing wine flights (ex: Latin Loves) and crazy # bottles on reserve. Very cool atmosphere (hand painted murals across the walls). 
Service was so-so and made me pay 2x bc he left off a dessert wine. Not cool. Still, great wine selection. Really top notch.I went to Panorama last night with my parents and boyfriend for restaurant week. The restaurant has a very warm and inviting feeling when you walk in and I was excited to try this place. Unfortunately we left disappointed.
I made a reservation a few days prior and was lucky to get an 8pm reservation for Friday of restaurant week. Part of the reason I picked Panorama was that they offer their full menu even during restaurant week and they have over 120 wines on tap and seemed like the type of place my parents, especially would enjoy.
The food was excellent every single person loved every piece of the meal.  My two star review is due to the service. Each of us ordered a wine flight, which seemed like to the thing to do. Most people appeared to have ordered them. Our wine did not arrive until after the first course was cleared- which wasn't ideal but the first course did come out rather quickly and it takes a little more effort to assemble a wine flight than pour a glass. My boyfriend and parents were all served their flights and entrees. I received my entree with no wine. After about ten minutes we made a comment. The waiter became slightly defensive and admitted that they gave my wine to the wrong table. Honest mistake but we would've appreciated honest, unprompted communication instead of him trying to act like there was no problem. I didn't receive my wine until 15-20 minutes after receiving my entree and our server did absolutely nothing to make up for this. He didn't even make an effort to speed up the process of getting the wine to our table he just awkwardly stood by our table. Kitchen/bar mixups happen but his apologies were extremely insincere and defensive. When I finally did receive wine all members of my party were done with 3/5 glasses of their flights. Good food isn't hard to find in Philadelphia so we will not be back due to the poor service.Stopped in here on a weeknight with 3 girlfriends for a happy hour. AMAZING! I love the wine flights so much. We ordered some eggplant parm also which was to die for. Will probably be back!This is an outstanding northern Italian restaurant on the lobby level of Penn's View Hotel, with one of the best wine bars in the city.  The menu features regional variations of pasta, veal, and chicken dishes, as well as fresh fish.  The homemade lobster ravioli is an excellent first course; light thin pasta leaves bulging with seasoned seafood and ricotta in a delicate tomato cream sauce.  The escargot appetizer is a unique invention, the snails sauted in olive oil, garlic, tomato, and hot red pepper.  All the pasta dishes are outstanding.  My favorite veal is the paesano - fine veal medallions layered with prosciutto, provolone cheese, and roasted peppers.  The veal chop; butterflied, coated with breadcrumbs and fried, is another variation of a traditional dish.  The desserts are all made in house; the tiramisu is exceptional, as are the profiteroles.  Needless to say, the wine list is overwhelming.  The service is efficient and friendly.  The dining room is comfortably elegant, with well spaced tables.  This is a restaurant for special occasions, or to bring your out of town guests.  Be aware that the prices are on the high side for Philadelphia.Cool Wine Flights - Decent Food
Friday night I spent the evening at Panorama enjoying the bar, the wine & the food.  My friend and I chose to go early & spend some time sampling wine at the bar.  We were able to find two seats at the bar together around 7PM, although it filled up rapidly & was soon standing room only.  
After taking our time perusing the lengthy wine menu, we selected two flights to share.  Having the largest wine selection by the glass made for a very interesting read & tough decision.  Luckily our bartenders checked in twice, but didn't make us feel rushed at all.  They were busy the whole night, but never left us wanting for anything, including water.  
We opted for a flight of sparkling wine &the Southern Stars red wine flight.  The sparkling flight was my favorite part of the evening.  We got to taste 5 varieties from sweet to dry.  I loved the different tastes as well as the different feel of the bubbles in  your mouth depending what you were drinking.  My favorite was the Brut Cordon Rouge Mumm from France.  The reds were a bit more eclectic.  We both enjoyed the Pinot Noir Curico Valley Aresti from Chile the best.  Most of the rest were a disappointment.  
We had two wines that were absolutely terrible in this flight.  One was the Malbec, which tasted like vinegar, & although I can't recall the name of the next one in line, it was the most memorable of the evening.  It tasted & smelled like nail polish remover.  It was so bad I wouldn't drink any more after the 3rd taste.  I learned that this taste is often is formed when wine spoiled with acetic acid reacts with the wine's ethyl alcohol & forms ethyl acetate.  This is not a tasty effect!  
After a couple hours of leisurely wine tasting & discussion, we were seated in the bar area for dinner.  The ambiance is exactly what I like in a restaurant, except it was a little loud.  The seats were close together, but it wasn't so tight that I felt uncomfortable & I didn't feel as though I was eating with the table next to me, which is good.  I loved the dim lighting, the lighting fixtures & the plush, velvety booths.  
Service was prompt & efficient & didn't hover.  Our water was always refreshed, as was our bread & pesto type dipping oil.  We were given two types of bread, which were both delicious.  The roll was crisp outside and warm & soft inside.  The other type of "bread" was more like an oyster cracker with herbs.  It was dry & crumbly, but had a great flavor.   
For appetizers we tried the antipasto & the baby artichokes in olive oil & puff pastry.  Both were delicious.  The saltiness & flavor of the artichokes made this something I will definitely crave from time to time.  The pastry was a little mushy due to the abundance of olive oil, but I didn't really mind.  This was certainly an interesting combination that I'd order again.   The antipasto was a decent size for sharing & was very good.  
For the meal we had the lamb & the tagliatelle with mushrooms & lump crab meat.  The lamb was weird because one double chop was moist, tender and quite perfect, the next was still good, but a little tougher and the third was so tough I actually got indents in my fingers from pressing so hard to cut it!  The fingerling potatoes were well seasoned & the green beans were perfectly al dente The pasta was fresh & good.  It wasn't the best pasta I've ever had, but it was solid & I'd try another pasta dish there in the future.  It was light on flavor and crab meat & heavy on olive oil and mushrooms.  I did not taste any of the cheese it was supposed to come with.  Also, the portion was filling enough for me, having had such large appetizers, but it was by no means the size I anticipated it being.  I can't imagine how small the appetizer portion of this pasta would be!  
Dessert was ricotta cheese cake & tiramisu.  The cheesecake tasted light and fresh, but I prefer my cheesecakes to be a little heavier & richer.  The tiramisu looked very strange, almost like two hot dogs or sausages, but luckily, it was cake, not meat.  It was not adorned with anything - not even a coco or cinnamon sprinkle.  The cake was actually a little mushy and soaked in a bit too much espresso.  There was not enough cream, cinnamon or coco flavor for my taste.  I would not order either dessert again.  
The evening was entertaining & filled with new delicious treats.  The ambiance was exactly what I like in the bar area (not the dining area), even with the strange artwork, which seemed, oddly, almost comical.  The sparkling wine flight was a fun treat & the food was decent, but certainly not the best I've had.  I would go to Panorama again, but probably stick to the wine flights & then head to Kabul or Amada.  Although the ambiance is much cooler, as is the wine selection, for the best Italian, I'd still go to Il Tartufo in Manayunk.My wife and I visited Ristorante Panorama on the evening of November 19, 2009 and enjoyed our experience very much.  We always enjoy calamari and Panorama had, as one of its appetizer specials for the evening, fried calamari.  This was as good or better than any we've had in the recent past.  My wife ordered an appetizer size portion of a pasta combination (one with a pomadoro sauce, one with a spinach sauce and another one, the flavor of which escapes me right now....the sauces garnished three different types of pasta....gnocci, ravioli and penne).  She thought that the appetizer size portion was perfect as it was quite rich.  I ordered the special seafood of the evening which was a light, white fish, I think it was called ponzini, but I'm not sure.  It was excellent...garnished with a touch of tomato seasoned with fennel (among other seasonings) and served with a scalloped type potato and fresh asparagus.  I really enjoyed it.  I had a sampling of gelato, post prandial.  My wife enjoyed a glass of an Italian wine I don't believe either of us had tried before and, once again, I cannot remember the name, but it was excellent.  The wine selection was also extensive and one thing that some other diners seemed to be trying were these "flights" of four or five selected red wines served in small portions on an "ascending wine glass rack" type of device.  While we thought it was an interesting concept, the pricing didn't seem to make sense.  All in all, a very pleasant dining experience.  I would defninitely return (assuming I return to Philadelphia, which, all things considered, was a quite friendly city in spite of opinions I heard expressed previous to our visit.Despite our reservation and several open tables, we waited an additional 30 minutes after arriving.  The service was average, food was uninspired and average at best. Atmosphere was nothing special. Overall, we were disappointed and won't return.This place was delicious, and service was outstanding.  All homemade pasta cooked with such love! I definitely recommend it! We went on a Saturday night, and I could t figure out why it wasn't busy, it really was a great experience.Frank Z. sounds like he knows what he's talking about!
When we first arrived I was skeptical.  We parked in the parking lot right next to the building (if you're driving down market, it is on your left at the corner of front) and there was a sign for the restaurant in neon lights - it just looked shady.  But when we got to the front of the hotel, it was quite charming - classic Philadelphia/Old City type look.  There is a coat check inside at Il Bar (sic?); we were promptly seated thereafter.  Note:  We did have reservations - I believe it's a must.
The menu is a little overwhelming, as is the wine list.  But, they do a nice job categorizing the wines by the regions which they are from.  We got a nice Sauvignon Blanc from the Monterey region of California - for my year and a half in Ca. I haven't tried any wines from that area; it was fruity, aromatic and tasty.  
We ordered a salad and one pasta dish in appetizer size for us all to share.  All the pasta come in appetizer and full portion sizes.  If you're watching your weight, obviously the appetizer size is the healthy portion and the full size is too much food (just a note :) )
I had the chilean sea bass, but their specialty is really veal which 3 of us at the table ordered.  My friend had this three-way pasta dish with gnocchi, ravioli and pasta in red sauce.  Of the three, the gnocchi was the best, and the ravioli in spinach sauce was tasteless. 
Overall, we had a really great time and really enjoyed the food.I have been to Ristorante Panorama several times for dinner and it is one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia. If you are a wine lover, they have the largest selection of wines by the glass in Philadelphia. One of my favorite dishes is their Pappardelle al Sugo d'Anitra 
(Homemade wide noodles in a slow-cooked ragout of duck). It is one of the best entrees I have ever had! I cannot say enough good things about this restaurant and I am going to round up some people in my office for their Friday Night Flights- a wine tasting happy hour. I was also lucky enough to have my work holiday party at the restaurant and we all had an amazing time!Nicky P and I came here for a belated Valentine's Day dinner. The food was very average and bland. But their wine selection is quite impressive. They hold the Guiness Book record for being the largest wine keeper in the world. They have over 100 wines on tap (I didn't even know wines could be on tap)! 
We started off with a wine flight between the 2 of us, which included 5 different wines. Our waiter was very knowledgeable and recommended a selection from the pages and pages of wine flights based on our not so picky preferences of "not too sweet, not too dry". I don't remember which combination we chose, but we both enjoyed the experience of trying different wines.
As for food, the only thing I would recommend is the melanzane appetizer. The waiter mentioned it was the chef's specialty. It is breaded eggplant topped with fresh mozzarella and tomato sauce baked to perfection. I got the trio pasta special as an entree - rigatoni with tomato sauce, spinach gnocchi in a cream sauce, and ravioli. I wasn't particularly enthusiastic about any of them, but the gnocchi was the best of the 3. We got the tiramisu, but it was nothing to rave about (then again, nothing compares to the tiramisu at La Viola). The waiter in training recommended an ice wine with dessert. I had never tried ice wine before, but it was a sweet ending to the night!
I would not recommend this place for dinner, but it is a unique place to go for the wine selection. I am no connoisseur, but I definitely enjoyed sharing different wines with Nicky P!Cute restaurant, nice ambiance, great service...too bad the only thing i really cared of, food, was mediocre. The vitello secondo piatto was poor. Pasta was al dente, but cocked without salt . Wine tested more like vinaigrette than wine. Overall, a great disappointment....too bad because the place is super cute. Also, don't expect to drop less than $100 a head.The service was decent, but the FOOD WAS HEAVENLY. Veal? Good. Duck? Good. Jumbo Shrimp? They were jumbo.. and grilled perfectly. I would come here again.I do like this place for their Friday night wine tastings. The featured wines are good as well as the food they serve with it . A good deal for 25.00 . BUT I find some of the people that work here disturbing . They lack customer service and conversation skill. They failed with me over the phone when I called for information.The female on the phone acted like I was interrupting her day .Now I know customers asks silly questions but after 37 years in the business of answering  those types of questions there is a way  to do it without insulting or offending.Because I co-organize  a very large meetup  group do I want my members to have a great experience at a wine tasting but I'm going to think twice before I consider this place. Food five stars, Customer service three.I went here for my friends rehearsal dinner and the place itself seemed nice. The rehearsal dinner was held in the wine cellar so we had the place to ourselves which was nice. The setting and the servers were good but when it came down to the most important aspect of a the meal which is the actual food this place fell flat. I had a chicken meal that was just meh. It came with some pasta that was quite bland and I also tasted my boyfriend's veal and it was just ok. The desserts were also pretty bland and didn't leave me wanting more. I'm not sure if eating at the regular restaurant upstairs would be any different since I'm sure the food all comes from the same kitchen. I had high expectations for this place after reading the reviews and was left very disappointed.Panorama isn't just one of my favorite Italian restaurants in Philly, it's one of my favorite Italian restaurants, period. When you consider everything that this place has going for it (location, food, service, wine selection, decor), this place has it all.
If I do have a slight criticism, it would be that the prices are a bit high, but, you know what? It doesn't bother me one bit here. I think that it's one of those rare times when everything tends to be so good that it's worth what you pay. The only reason I think we all wish that the prices were cheaper is so we could eat here all the time!
Anyway, the food is absolutely phenom. The pappardelle served with a ragout of slow-cooked duck is FREAKING SICK. Yeah, I used ALL CAPS for that one. It's that god damned delicious.
Honestly, I'd describe more food, but I've never had anything I didn't like here. I just wanted to make sure you knew about that duck pasta.
A quick note about service before I get to the wine... I think the service here is great. It's the perfect balance of attentiveness without being obtrusive, professionalism without sacrificing one's personality, and a high level of knowledge without coming across as being elitist. That's a tricky trifecta to pull off...
As for wine, well, this place is awesome. They serve these awesome flights, where you can get some crazy delicious wines. It's really the best way to go if you can't decide on one wine. Otherwise, I can't even begin to do their selection justice. You need to just go and check it out for yourself.the wine list was incredible. the meal was delicious. our waitress was very helpful in picking wine flights and meal suggestions. well worth it.Would give it 5 stars, but I didn't have any of the food so I don't want to be bias. As far as a cocktail and happy hour spot tho it's a 10. From the wine flights to the staff to the owner..all around great spot. Wine flights offer a great bang for your buck and opportunity to explore the wine world. Try the owners colab bottle..you won't be disappointedIf you love wine you will love this place. They have roughly 120 wines on tap and their wine flights are all categorized based on your liking. If you like a dry red the Killer B's is a great choice. Food and service here is amazing. Very romantic spot for a special occasion.I came last night for philly restaurant week with a friend. The menu online was huge and we were really excited to try it out. However, when we got there we learned that the menu wasn't as it seemed and we could only select two items from the venue versus the three we had thought. There was also a confusing element around the shared dishes (ranging $15-25). You could only get that as one of your courses if both people agreed on one dish. Really disappointed about that. 
Our server was super knowledgeable about all their wines. They have a ton of flights to chose from that range between $18-34. It was a great way to try new wine. 
We both ordered the polpetta which was amazing. It was a generous meatball ok top of a ricotta and polenta cake with red sauce. For my main course I got the paperdelle wild boar ragu. The pasta was tender but the dish overall was lackluster. My friend got the beef shank ravioli with sage brown butter. She loved hers and ate every bite. For dessert, she got 3 mini cannoli that were a substitution instead of the unavailable tiramisu (sad)! I ordered the flourless chocolate torta stack and while it was rich, the filling flavor was off to me. It was redeemed by the Nutella used as glue to assemble the stack. 
I'd come back for the wine flights and the polpetta at the bar but not for dinner.Its true, they have an unmatched wine by the glass selection.  And they do a great job at selecting flights of five wines to try.  
The first thing you notice when you go up to the bar is a thick manual on wines. The manual lists countless of possible wines and possible flights.  Of course you can make up your own flight but I decided to go with one of theirs.   After about 20 minutes of serious study, and a glass of wine, I finally made a selection. 
The wines came out and were lined up in front of me.   About 1.5 oz each sample and the flights cost about $20-30.   There were some pricier ones as well.  Ill save those for next time.  It was a great combination so someone definitely did a good hob on their homework.  
While sipping away, I tried a couple appetizers (escargots, beet salad) and a desert (pear).  Everything was in the damn thats good! to amazing! range.   I wonder if they ever do wine/food pairings?
Lets see, what else would you want to know.  Happy hour is 5-7.  When I arrived at the end of happy hour, the place was pretty quiet and empty.  By 7:30 it filled up with several groups of tasters, dinner goers, and who knows what.  It looked like everyone was having a great time.  
So, if you are into wine, this is a must go.  If you are not but like good food, this is a must go.  Guess what, that means you must go!  Have fun.2 words: wine flights. 
3 Words I try to pronounce like an Italian: Tortelloni di Ricotta e Aragosta
I love where the restaraunt is situated, the ambience, the wine selection, and the culinary expertise is unbelievable.Made reservations and found it was completely overbooked. Waited an hour to find there were still five tables ahead of us. "It's restaurant week" is not an excuse for individuals who make reservations in a timely manner. Quite disappointed; I don't suspect we will make future reservations.We along with 4 other parties of 4 with 7pm reservations were not seated until 8pm. And not until we voiced our lack of appreciation did anyone apologize for the delay. Appetizers were absolutely amazing, the maitre'd was the only customer service in the place, server was mediocre at best, food clearly sat under the warming lights for too long and to top it all off our server offered the desert menu then took 10 minutes to bring them too us. Bottom line.... Skip it. Had a conservation with another patron who has been 3 times and keeps thinking he must be missing something or he just came on a really busy night. He suggested we not try again that it will be exactly the same. Ps - don't be fooled by the name.... There is no panoramic view ;)This restaurant for 20 plus years served very classy Italian food
They updated and changed the menu.
It is now NOT Italian, not classic, and way overpriced...
Where have you gone old Panorama????We had a bridal shower in the Wine Cellar.  The staff was so accommodating to our needs, even adding menu choices for gluten and dairy free attendees.  The food was delicious, and nothing was rushed.  They even printed up a personalized menu for our event.  Erika helped us coordinate the banquet and was serene about all of our last minute changes and requests.
We had worried about parking in the area but there was adequate street parking available.Very fancy, and they have a lot of staff running around.  Despite that, our service was a bit slow for a Sunday night.  Anyway, we went for restaurant week.  I had the mushroom appetizer...delicious.  I also had the gnocchi...it didn't have much flavor.  The gnocchi at La Locanda Del Ghiottone was much better.  Then I had these cheese puffs for desert, which was good, but not nearly as amazing as my bf's hazelnut gelato. OooOoOOo
I had a wine flight as well.  It's 5 small servings of wine stacked on a metal spiral.  That was pretty neat.  They have a lot to choose from.  The decor was very traditional, which is a nice change from the usual modern look of all the other Center City restaurants.  In summary, it is very nice, but I'd rather enjoy a slightly more relaxed atmosphere.  I would definitely take my parents here though.We were staying in the hotel and went for happy hour.  The service was great, but the food was over priced (even with happy hour deal) for what you get.  We just had a couple drinks, couple apps and moved along.This was a great restaurant. Very expensive but very good. I was in Philly for an event at Hilton Penn's Landing and the hotel recommended this place because it was the nearest place that was wheelchair accessible. The staff was great and the venue was gorgeous. I enjoyed the romantic atmosphere and feeling. As a vegan, I was worried they wouldn't have anything for me, but my sever told me the chef could make me a vegan spaghetti with some vegetables on top. I was hesitant at first but it ended up being very good. I enjoyed the bread they kept giving us. Overall, it was a great place to drop in and enjoy dinner with come colleagues. Food was served on time along with servers. I highly recommend this place to anyone that's visiting Philly.I came here on a double date with my best friend. We were visiting from California and wanted to participate in Restaurant week, so we chose this spot for our last hurrah in Philly. And boy were we impressed. Firstly, our waiter Chris was amazing. He made sure we understood the restaurant week menu, and ensured we all found a wine most suitable to our taste buds. Secondly, the food itself was TO DIE FOR!!! Lastly, all of the stuff was so nice and accommodating and we felt very welcomed!! Would come back again!!!I stayed at the Inn that's on top of the restaurant the night before because I was in town for a concert at Camden Yards. The following day me and my girlfriend decided to have lunch in Panorama before heading back to DC. 
A little background info on me. I am a quarter italian and just spent about 3 weeks in Venezia, Firenze and Milano, as well as some smaller towns like Bassano del Grappa and Canneto Pavese. I have to say that my meal at Panorama was nothing short of Italian perfection. They got everything right, the Bruschettas were fresh, the cheese board was orgasmic and the food, well, just like the food I had in Italy. My only regret is that I live too far from philly to become a regular. I will definitely go back and highly recommend it.
Note, we did not have any wine so I can't comment on that, but the food, service and ambiance was fantastic.I was really excited about this place, especially since they are featured in the Guinness book of world records. We ordered the wine flights, which was the ONLY interesting thing about our dinner. We really don't have much knowledge about wine but liked that options that were presented. You can pick from white, red or a mix of red/white wines. However the food was terrible. We ordered the light fried calamari- which were heavily breaded and fried, it didn't taste any different from other places. Nothing special. The mussels were disgusting. They were very fishy and not fresh at all. Our main courses were also not very good either. The pasta didn't taste like it was made fresh. And the duck was not well cooked and had a raw duck smell/taste. Overall, I don't recommend this restaurant for a meal. Don't waste your money on food here. There are many other restaurants in old city where you can get a delicious meal for a reasonable price.Great wine selection and wine flights. Nice selection of specials and food was delicious.   Made to feel welcome and service was good. Will be back!I came here for Restaurant Week a while back, and I walked away extremely satisfied with my experience here. The food, ambiance, and service were all great, and I felt like my friends and I were treated well despite the fact that we were a) teenagers in a very classy restaurant, and b) ordering from the Restaurant Week prix fixe menu.
For the first course of the Restaurant Week menu, diners can choose from an Antipasti, Salad, or an appetizer-sized Pasta. As someone in search of the best bang-for-the-buck so to speak, I decided that the pasta was the best value, and so I went with the Tortelloni di Ricotta e Aragosta (homemade ravioli filled with ricotta cheese and lobster in a lobster reduction with a touch of cream and a blush of tomato). These dumpling-like lobster-filled pastas were absolutely delicious, and I appreciated the restraint exercised in sauce administration to the dish. For my entrée, I chose the Vitello Dolce Bacio (Veal medallions sautéed with shitake mushrooms in a marsala wine sauce with a touch of cream and chopped tomato, crowned with a jumbo shrimp). This dish was great as well, though the shrimp felt a bit out of place. Finally, for dessert, I ordered a Chocolate Torte, which was quite rich and decadent. 
My Restaurant Week experience at Ristorante Panorama was great, and I really enjoyed everything about the evening. If I am ever in Philadelphia again in the future, I wouldn't mind making a return trip here.My husband and I make it a point to go here for dinner for EVERY restaurant week.  Their entire menu is open, instead of a prix fixe menu like most other restaurants.  Service is excellent, from the maitre'd to the bartenders. 
They offer wine flights (5 different wines) and they're pretty well priced. It's a great way to taste other wine with a similar theme.  
The food is excellent; the escargot and duck ragu are my favorites.  Luca usually offers us his homemade limoncello to end the night, but usually by then, I'm stumbling home after all the wine I just drank!Great food & service!  An amazing wine list.  Can't wait to go back again, which will be soon.Had high hopes but was not impressed. Under-poured my $28 wine flight, chicken was like rubber, duck was like rubber. Eggplant was good but not good enough to outshine the terrible main dishes and the sea of elderly people (8:30 on Friday, they should have been asleep). This place is not for anyone who lives in Philly and has enjoyed any of the great restaurants that Philly has to offer.I have eager to try Panorama since I missed the Yelp Elite Event and when we were invited to dinner there, we were thrilled to go. Our dining partners know the owners, so we arrived to prosecco,  calamari, and salmon toasts. The prosecco was delicious, but the appetizers were truly lacking. The toasts in the salmon dish tasted like cardboard and the calamari had little flavor. The sommelier chose a fantastic wine for us (he is excellent!) and I also tried a wine flight (I liked all but the first and last wines). We then had salads...the Caesar, the only one I tried, was delicious. For entrees, I got the tagliatelli con funghi, another person got the salmon special, and another got a chicken dish. Apparently I ordered wrong because the chicken and salmon were delicious, but my pasta dish was truly disappointing. It lacked all flavor, I had to add salt, and there were 2 tiny lumps of crab on top. For dessert, we had the cheesecake special and pear stuffed with mascarpone. Again, I made a poor ordering decision because my cheesecake was overcooked. The pear, on the other hand, was DELICIOUS. The espresso was also delicious as well. So basically, my overall take on the restaurant is that it entirely depends on what you order (my bf's meal was a solid 4.5 stars). Some things were great, others were awful. The service was very good though.This has quickly become one of our favorite places. We discovered it looking for somewhere with good wines (it goes without saying that any wine lover needs to try it - Guinness World Record for amount of wines), but the food is just as impressive. They have a TON of different wine flights so you can try lots of different wines. Their food is amazing, top notch. The staff is great, we always eat at the bar because Amy is our favorite. Definitely check this place out.So good. Anniversary dinner with my girlfriend. The food was great but the service was even better. Dined for restaurant week but will definitely be back! 100 plus wines on tap, wine flights and some of the best pasta dishes I have had in a while.My girlfriend took my to Panorama for lunch during restaurant week in Center city and I was very impressed.
Panorama is more higher end than I am used to but they have a fantastic Italian menu, I ate pasta with a large meatball and it was one of the best pasta dishes I've ever had in the city. 
They also offer hundreds of wines on their wine menu and our waiter was incredible knowledgeable of all the wines on the menu, he was able to help my girlfriend pick several wines for a wine flight yes thats right they offer wine flights!!
Panorama is an ideal place for a date night it is a very romantic location and I suggest this place for a romantic dinner for two any time.I thoroughly enjoyed my time here for Happy Hour. I tried a flight of white wine ( #402) and the Melanzane & Mozzerella. That eggplant dish was AMAZING I ordered another one after I finished my first lol. My Fiance (yup! eek) ordered the Gamberetti & Fagioli and he loved it. I don't eat shrimp, so I tasted everything in the dish except for the shrimp and it was SO good SO flavorful. I will be going back!This was the place for impeccable service.  Our bartender, Joe, made sure our flights of wines were thoroughly explained.  An unpretentious, down-to-earth service.  We had fabulous appetizers of barrata with peaches, and heirloom tomatoes as well as a sautéed shrimp dish.  it was delicious and nice portions for the price.  There were so many choices of wine and wine flights.  We  chose to sample wines from Italy.  I had Prosecco, white wines and several reds.  I should have taken a picture of the menu to highlight all of the choices.  Because, damn, I can't remember those Italian wines that I loved.  My favorite part of the experience was our bartender, Joe.  He made sure we knew all about Philly restaurant week.  Unlike many places that dumb down their menu for restaurant week, Panorama does not. We can order right off the menu. Also, Marren, from the hotel, Penn's View, made sure we had all of the info when we checked out.  Highly recommended and I will go back there within the next 2 weeks.  Most definitely for restaurant week(s) and to get the name of those fantastic wines.Wonderful food and fabulous wines
Sommelier Bill is very helpful
Moscato pears with hazelnut muscarpone is my favorite dessert of all time!!!Everything was so amazing. If you're looking for a good wine spot and tasty food this is the place to go. My sister and I recently went here for restaurant week and we were not let down. To start, my sister and I both got pasta both were good. She got the pappardelle which was delicious. I got the spaghetti  cacio e pepe which was super rich and decadent.  For our main course I got the duck, flavorful but a tad chewy. She got the braciola which was melt in your mouth delicious. For dessert we got the rhum baba and tiramisu affogato. Both light and just the right amount of sweet. To top it all off we both got wine flights and lemoncillo. Oh did I mention the lemoncillo is homemade?!  This place is known for their wine and I can see why. They have over 150 bottles to choose from and a whole menu dedicated to wine flights!! The service was great, everyone was very attentive. We will definitely be back.Loved our dinner last night for restaurant week. So much to choose from. Service was great and atmosphere was nice. The lamb here is so good. Desserts were all amazing. The eggplant is dynamite- I could have it for app and main and be happy. Great food and beautiful presentation. I would come here again and recommend it to others.If you are looking for an amazing selection of wine this is the restaurant for you! We were blown away with the wine, and feel that Panorama has the best selection in Philly. The food is really good, but very rich and heavy. Enjoy thoroughly! I recommend the lobster pasta and the squash crab pasta. Delish!My date & I came upon Panorama one Saturday night after the wait at our favorite restaurant was too long.  It was rather late, about 8:30, so the place was not very crowded.  I liked the atmosphere and temperature (there's nothing worse than eating dinner in a hot restaurant!).  I must say that the hostess and our waiter were a bit odd....just kind of robotic.  
My date ordered a red wine flight, which was really cool (5, 2 oz glasses of different red wines).  I got the Italian white sangria, delish.  We started off with a pasta appetizer and the caesar salad (yum...and I am picky about my caesar salad!); the pasta was super fresh.  
For entrees, I got the seared scallops and shrimp in a corn sauce.  It was AMAZING.  So, so delicious.  The only downside was that it was, honest to God, the size of an appetizer dish!! There were 2 shrimp and two scallops.  I would, however, go back for this dish again. Like, tomorrow. I'd just order a huge appetizer.  My date got the chicken dish that is a lot like chicken francese, but not quite.  It had shallots and prosciutto...he loved it.  
Oh, and the little breadstick nuggets that they give you are delish. Yummy. 
Enjoy : )The food was delicious. I had the beef shank ravioli and my partner enjoyed the crespelle. The service left a little to be desired. He never came back before happy hour ended to see if we wanted more off the menu before it ended. The food portions were also small. Granted we both ordered the half portion since this place is a little spendy. But even so 13 bucks for 4 ravioli seems a little over priced.MAGNIFICENT wine bar!  Ok...if you are wine enthusiast.. OR visiting Philly, this is the place to go!   Not only do they have an amazing wine bar, and incredible Italian restaurant attached, it has a beautifully restored historic inn right above it.  Everything is walking distance too!
So if you're experiencing some Pinot Envy...or you want to Catch A Cab(ernet)... Go to Ristorante Panorama!  I loooove this place.Amazing service and wine flight selections. I will definitely be back for food at which I can hopefully give it a 5 star ratingGreat restaurant is the best food Philadelphia seven years ago. I had the steak entrée and my friend had the chicken entrée. They were both excellent next time I go there I will have pasta added with my meal.A quiet time in the restaurant friday night did not stop us from having a great time. Excellent ambiance with most of the people at the bar drinking from over 150 wines poured by the glass.  They are known for their wine flights and it was an incredible presentation. The Un-usual suspect wine flight was absolutely refreshing and flavorful. We got the cheese plate, calamari, octopus as appetizers and they were very tasty. Despite the solid food, I would definitely come back for the wine bar first and foremost. The waiters were very knowledgeable on different  wines in northern Italy. Will definitely be back.Psssssssssssssssssst. Can I tell you about an A-OK Italian restaurant in a not so desirable area of Philadelphia. Then let me tell you about Ristorante Panorama! My concierge recommended I visit this esteemed restaurant located within the Penn's View Hotel on Front Street (a dark, near the water area of Penn's Landing). The food was good, but nothing spectacular. The veal was a bit "gamy" and the sauce just didn't have enough flavor. Portions are large though so be mindful of that when ordering a starter too. My starter was the Gnocchi in a red sauce. The Gnocchi were decent, light and lackluster in flavor. The sauce really didn't do the item justice I guess. Bread service was reasonable, but I didn't find the bread overly fresh. My dessert was a chocolate flour-less cake. It was fair. Coffees were average.
Its an OK place. Didn't love the area. Good luck in Philly.Two words--Wine Flights. Excellent line ups and food!Will never go there again!
I made a reservation via opentable for 8:30, due to snow plowing of practically every street in center city and being detoured we knew we would arrive at the restaurant a little late so called them to let them know we were going to run about 15 minutes behind.
When we arrived and checked in with the host she told us she would come and get us when our table was ready, FORTY FIVE minutes later she arrived to pick us up and seat us in the basement.
Once we sat down we waited another 15 minutes (while other tables were waited on around us) until our waitress came over to get our drink order.  The only thing we ordered was a flight 405 no other drinks so not hard to remember yet she came back asking whether we said 403 or 405.  An understandable mistake but one that leads to another problem down the line.
After getting our drinks we wait another 20 minutes for our waitress to take our order.  From the time we get our food order in it takes about another 2 hours for us to get all of our courses served to us and service is inexcusably slow for basic things like refilling our water (since we have nothing to eat it'd be nice to get more water sooner then every 30 minutes).
After everything is said and done we get the bill from another waitress as im spinning my wallet around (its now midnight and we need to leave) and I don't even look at the bill so eager to leave I put my credit card in it and hand it right back not wanting to wait another 30 minutes for someone to come around.  When I finally do get the bill back I realize that was a mistake and that the waitress had charged us for both the 403 and 405 flights, we have it corrected and leave.
I will never go here again, the food was "O-K" at best (though the desert admittedly was amazing) but certainly not worth the pricetag, don't get me wrong I feel there are several expensive restaurants that are worth it whether it be the service you are paying for or the food.  This place had the high price and neither of those things going for it.  Stay away!Returned to Panorama a year later as a hotel guest (Penn's View Inn). Still a big fan. Besides the legendary wine selection, the food is excellent. I especially like the fact that the main dishes are also available in "appetizer" portions, so one can have a multi-course meal without feeling stuffed. Food emphasizes quality over quantity, which I think is a positive. Not outrageously expensive given the quality. Good Happy Hour drink deals.Great wine list. They just changed the menu.  Outstanding food and amicable service.My good friends know that I am a "wine geek." So, when I heard that a restaurant just around the corner from where I lived had the world's largest continuous cruvinet system in the world, you know I had to check it out. 
What is a cruvinet? Well, dear beloved Philly beer drinkers, it is like having over 300 beers on tap, only instead of beer, it is open bottles of wine where the air does not touch the wine and thus turn it to vinegar. You get a glass of wine in it's optimal condition, just as God intended.
Their wine selection spans the globe taking you on a viticultural tour one perfect glass at a time. If this were not enough to keep this wine curious fan enthralled, Panorama also offers flights (of 5 different glasses of wine) to train one's palate. Although, I believe the best deal here is their "Friday Night Flights." If you sign up online (see the restaurant's website) and purchase ahead of time, for $25 you get to taste 5-7 wines with a selection of appetizers to compliment the wines being featured. Unlike Panorama's standard flights which are only 1 oz. pours, in my experience these glasses can be more like a 3 oz. pour or more, so you are really getting your money's worth in just the wine, while gaining a nice education. With this much alcohol flowing, taking notes is highly suggested.
Last night, my boyfriend surprised me by suggesting instead of the happy hour we initially planned to partake in, that we go ahead and stay for dinner. We shared a full order of their Tagliatelle con Funghi e Granchio (Tagliatelle noodles with wild mushrooms and crab). It was a delicious dish. Note though on portions: The full order is not a huge American sized dish of pasta, but a much more managable size. If your intent is to order the Secondi of meat or fish, order the half order so as to have room for dessert. If you have a healthy appetite the full order and the Secondi is perfect. Since both of us had a couple of appetizers and bread, splitting the full size pasta was a bit on the skimpy side for me. (I guess I have a heartier appetite).
The food, the wines, the knowledgeable staff and servers make this restaurant this secret gem you think twice about telling your friends for fear that it'll be ruined somehow. Still, if you are like me and often find yourself swilling less than stellar wine in this beer centric town, head to Panorama and rejoice with your fellow wine lovers.Enjoyed this place during Restaurant Week last year.  A very nice place to take a date.  The wine selection was vast and tastefully presented.  This place is a sort of "historical" location so it draws in an older crowd, but the atmosphere remains youthful.
If you're in your mid-20s, this would be an ideal location for a double date with parents or bosses.  It reminds me of a "Main Line"-type restaurant, but is tucked into a nice Old City location.  Highly recommended to try at least once.GO FOR A DRINK...AVOID THE APATHETIC STAFF, MEDIOCRE FOOD...AND POOR SERVICE.
If you are looking for a lively bar and a choice of many wines by the glass - stop in for a drink...if you are looking to stay for dinner - think again.
We went to Panorama for my mom's birthday on October 7th.  After having a cocktail at the bar, we were seated at a very nice corner table.  Nice was over at that point.  We ordered a great bottle of Brunello.  The waiter deposited it at our table and came  back 15 minutes later to open the bottle.  I would have expected it to be decanted as well...didn't happen.  The waiter not once came back to pour another glass.
We had some appetizers to share.  They were mediocre.  My octopus as cold.  Nearly 2 hours in - our meals finally arrived....no one was hungry by then and the chicken arrived...COLD.
The waiter couldn't have been any more UNATTENTIVE....never apologized.  We asked to speak to the manager but he never came over to the table - apparently he wanted to remain in the bar area.  The restaurant offered to buy us dessert...are you kidding?  We sent our meals back, paid for the wine and appetizers...hand wrote "NOTHING" on the tip line and bolted for home.  We won't be back...ever.  It's not necessarily that something goes wrong...it's often how management and staff deal with a poor experience...and frankly this is no way to deal with a poor experience. 
Looking for a fine experience in Philadelphia...look elsewhere and you don't have to go far... there as so many other much better restaurants nearby.This is one of the best restaurants in Philly! Hosted a dinner here for my husband's birthday and it was super delicious!  Jessica was so easy to work with and arranged a special menu, the wine list is extensive.  I've been here a few times and have never been disappointed by the food or the service.  I highly recommend this gem for any occasion or just dinner with friends.  You will enjoy everything on their menu especially the pastas, seafood, steak, well.everything!!Four stars all around. I love the flights of wine, appetizers, service, and desserts. If they packaged and sold their pear vinaigrette, I would be very, very happy. The entrees have been a little salty in the few times that I've visited, but this ristorante excels in veal and chicken dishes. Good, hearty fare that comes in decent-sized portions.I came to Philly for a seminar at the 4 seasons.  Moved to Penns View based on tripadvisor review and stayed for 3 extra night as I had never been to Philly.  I had to rearrange my reservations and they were especially helpful.  I stayed three nights and found it to be a perfect location - and a perfect place to eat and drink!!  The food was delicious - the staff exceptional and the wine out of this world- I have never had the opportunity to try so many different wines in one place and at one time - and the cheese flight was marvelous as well!!!  If you like to eat and drink, want local flavor in a smAll hotel and want to meet and talk to people from far and near this is the place for you!!!  Thank you to the staff at the bar for excellent recommendations!!!I went here with some friends for restaurant week and It was amazing! As you may know, restaurant week gives you 3 courses for $35. For the first course here, you have a choice of an appetizer, a salad or half of a full sized pasta dish. I chose the appetizer with the artichoke... I loved it! For my main entree, I had the pork chop with sweet potatoes and string beans. Out if all the things my friends ordered, mine was the best. This pork chop was amazing!!!!! It was crusted with delicious seasoning an covered in this sweet sauce and the sweet potatoes were the perfect touch. For desert, they were out of my first and second choice so I just had taramisu- you can never go wrong with that. Ristorante Panorama is Totally worth paying full price. I will be visiting againWonderful restaurant a favorite for date night with the wife. The food is attractively presented and tastes absolutely phenomenal. If you like wine you will be very impressed by the extensive list. Deserts are also wonderful as is the service. 
You definitely want to check this place out; great area, food and ambiance, you can't go wrong.Simply put, WOW!  The food was amazing! We went to Panorama for a family function so we had a fixed menu for the first and second courses, and we got to pick from a list of 4 options for our third. For the first course there were their roasted mushrooms, Caesar salad, and mozzarella with roasted peppers and tomato. The mushrooms were not your typical mushroom, but Hen of the Wood mushrooms with black garlic sauce... they were amazing! Then for the 2nd course rigatoni with braised beef shank and short ribs, and gnocchi in a dream sauce. Both were excellent! I wanted to keep eating the rigatoni. For the 3rd course I had a veal tenderloin with parsnip purée. Parsnip is not my favorite thing, but the veal was tender and tasted amazing. To top the meal off we had cannoli and coffee. Overall the meal was amazing! I'll definitely come here again.WOW WOW WOW!!!! This place is fantastic and I would highly recommend.  Everything was home made and so fresh and delicious. The gnocchi is amazing along with Lobster Tortellini and the tirimisu and chocolate desert is just awesome! I don't think you could go wrong with anything here it's just the gnocchi was so light and fluffy and so, so good.Ristorante Panorama, you made me very happy with your Friday Night Flights wine tasting event! "Pinot Envy" was the name of the event. Samples of 7 different kinds of Pinot Noir.After the wine tasting selection, it made me love red wine even more. Pinot Noir happens to be my favorite red wine. The one I enjoyed the most out of the sommelier's selection was Bourgone "Hautes Cotes De Beaune" - Domaine Cornu-Camus 2008 (France) I need to find a place that has it for sale in NYC! 
At the tasting, they also offered some food. The fruit and cheese plates were good, and I loved the simple fried calamari rings with marinara sauce. 
Can't wait to come back for a visit again soon!This is a solid 4 star establishment - no doubt about it.
It's a tad pricey, but definitely worth it - luckily we had the opportunity to check it out during restaurant week in January so it didn't hurt so bad... but it sure ate sooo good! (Sorry I had to...)
Service was above average, both front and back of the house execution management were great. 
The food is delightful - if you want upscale authentic italian with just the right amount of novelty and none more, this is the place to go. 
See ya soon! 
Oh! P.S. the boutique hotel which resides above this place is really neat - so if you want a weekend getaway in Philly, I'd highly recommend this!This review breaks my heart. I have loved this place for many years now. It was one of my go to city restaurants. They're homemade pasta was amazing. 
They have changed their menu in the recent months and I am so sad about this. How is there no Caesar salad. Is it not an Italian restaurant anymore? Am I missing something? They also took away several pastas. One of which was the reason I come back. RIP lobster ravioli. :(
We went this past weekend. I was fine with giving this new shortened menu a try. The food is still good. The service however is horrendous. Granted we were bit loud. drinking flights of wine will do that to you. They should expect this. Our server was so miserable. And the bus boy pretty sure was stoned off his ass.  
So with food being just meh and and service being the worst. The only think left is wine. I'll stick to the liquor store. 
Sad to not want to go back to a place I use to love.We checked this place out after my husband purchased a gift card for me because he knows I love Italian restaurants. I have my favorite, so of course, every other restaurant will always have to compare. Panorama is cute, beautifully textured, nice ambiance, and an overall pleasant dining experience. 
But I am there for the food, and the food was just okay. Our waiter was great, and we were never without drinks (even though all of the other staff seemed to think they were never allowed to smile or even talk). We expected the food portions to be huge, because they offer half or full plate servings as options. Well, I was only ordering pasta, not a second course, so I ordered a full plate, and it really wasn't as large as I thought. The taste of the food was also just okay. Almost as if it tasted bland or something. I can't quite describe it, but I do know that for the price, it is not great Italian.We were attracted by the 150+ wines by the glass perspective and were happy to go for an italian meal. I can't say I was impressed on either count. Food was well executed but somewhat bland, my risotto was cooked right but lacked flavor. Quite standard italian fare I would say. Cheese plate was good, though.
On the wine front, well, it sounded interesting but it was a huge disappointment for me. No clear direction in the selection, way too many low-end choices, not much originality offered. A ridiculously short selection of italians with 2 Barolos and no Amarones. At least 3 of the 5 "north italian flight" were sub-par. The dessert wines selection was also very short.
Unfortunately, this was my third ranking meal in Philly that weekend.My girlfriend and I recently went to Philadelphia for a 4-day sight-seeing trip. We stayed at the Penn's View Inn, so naturally we were curious about their on-site restaurant. After we checked in on a Friday evening, we wanted to see if we could eat at Panorama. We didn't have a reservation or anything, but they were easily able to accommodate us. They had delicious pasta dishes and a wine list that would make your eyes explode. I work for a craft brewery part-time, so I'm well aware of 'beer flights', but I've never heard of wine flights. I ordered the 'White Wines for the Beer Lovers' flight and my girlfriend had the 'Sticky Sweet Sensations' flight. We were very happy with our choices. I also couldn't believe how many wines that they had on tap. I've only seen wines on tap at one other place, and they only had three wines. Panorama must have had at least 120 wines on tap. I can't tell you how many times I've been to a hotel where the on-site restaurant was expensive and the food wasn't even great. Panorama's prices were decent and the quality was excellent. I had heard stories about people who just go to the Penn's Inn so they can eat at Panorama, and now I know why. In all, we were very happy with our visit here. If you love good wine, then you definitely have to make a stop.An oldie but a goodie in Old City.  I used to take clients to lunch there in the mid-90s before Old City was worth visiting.  Anywho ...  Panorama is still a quality place.  Just celebrated our wedding anniversary there and was glad to see they're still top notch.
Pros- quality food, creative menu, knowledgeable/professional staff, not overtly focused on turning tables.  I'm not a wine drinker, but clearly they're selection is best in town.
Cons- can't really think of any ... except do they really need to charge for an iced tea refill?Boyfriend and I decided to go here as a "romantic date night" one time when we were in Philadelphia.  The place was incredible.  Delicious food/seafood, and best of all - WINE FLIGHTS!  They have a bunch of different options, and we did an "around the world" flight.  It was really interesting and very delcious.  The ambiance here was very romantic and classy.  It is also in a historic section of town, and it was pleasant walking back to our hotel through the old historic alleyways.
It was expensive, though.  And there are so many good restaurants in Philadelphia, who knows if I will come back or not, but this restaurant gets a huge A++ and will certainly be remembered!Their wine selection was extensive and  absolutely wonderful! Perhaps the best restaurant week experience I had. The pasta is heavenly and the veal, mouth-watering. The staff was personable and good-natured. One of us got our orders messed up (I blame the hustle and bustle of Restaurant Week) and the staff were absolutely lovely about it and compensated for the mistake by paying for the starter and dessert and giving us limencello (absolutely magical)! Oh and the sangria rosso was wondrous. This place was ABSOLUTELY worth it.I had high hopes for this restaurant after reading the reviews, but my entire group had okay-nothing special food.  For appetizer we had the fried calamari which was nothing to write home about.  I ordered a trio of pastas for entree, the special of the night , including gnocchi, penne marinara &  ravioli w/ spinach sauce.  The entree was pricey & bland especially the penne & ravioli.  I do give the gnocchi a thumbs up, it was actually really good gnocchi.  If you go to this restuarant - Order the Gnocchi-  I wish I had ordered that by itself.   My husband had the chilean sea bass.  It didn't have much flavor and pretty much tasted like nothing.    The wine selection was good as well as the service, but for me to pay the prices, the food has to be there, and it wasn't.A wonderful, intimate atmosphere that is well appointed but not stuffy. The service matches the vibe -- friendly and knowledgable, but conversational as well. The presentation of the food was excellent, the portion size spot on, and every bite was delicious. The pasta is delicious and the meats cooked perfectly. Love Panorama!Ohhhh, wine flights with 5 tastes, most very reasonably priced and creatively selected, make me very happy. 
We were in a talking mood after the Michael Moore film and ordered the Southern Stars flights of reds, all from the Southern hemisphere.  We ended up getting both Australians as full glasses.  It's romantic and cozy red in here with dark wood.
Vegans, beware, nothing on the menu for you, but the manager came up with sauteed mushrooms and a beet salad without the cheese; $10 each for these plus bread was enough of a snack for us.  I only ever go to the bar and am very well pleased.  I am curious about the rooms though in this vintage hotel which has enough of a sense of humor to upholster its chairs with a fabric picturing... chairs.
Their cruvinet must have hundreds of bottles in it, wow.  When I am rich... wait, I never have a problem polishing off a bottle, with the crowd I travel with. :-)  And I will never be rich anyway.Excellent dinner with excellent service. My wife and I go out to dinner frequently, so our expectations are quite high- panorama met all our expectations and then some.Friendly attentive servers, a killer wine list and excellent food- can't ask for much more. (Except the small Italian wine crackers they give you when you first sit down...I could and should have asked for more of those).  Put this on your list!Had a great experience here this weekend. A very classy and elegent joint, perfect for a date night. We went for restaurant week and they offered everything from their standard menu. Our waiter was perfect...very nice, polite, knew all of the wines/dishes. The food was on par. I had a nice cut of steak and she was happy with her veal and pasta. One thing worth noting is that they were able to accommodate my girlfriend's gluten-free diet. Just about everything on the menu can be made gluten-free. That might not mean much for most, but it's a pretty big deal for the gluten intolerant.The wine selection, service, and ambience at Panorama is fantastic and earns a high rating.  However, the quality of the food is not quite as good.  When an Italian restaurant charges a lot of money for pasta dishes, I expect the pasta to be homemade and the sauces to be very flavorful and more complex than what you would get from sauce from a jar or plain olive oil. I grew up in an Italian family that made homemade pasta so I can tell the difference between homemade and dried pasta that comes out of a box, and my pasta trio dish did not taste homemade.  The different sauces on each of the three pastas were also very bland and watery.   I would highly recommend going to Panorama for their beautiful and cozy bar to have wine before dinner, and then going somewhere else for dinner afterwards.  Their selection of wines is amazing, and the wine flights are a great way to taste many of the great wines they have.One of Philadelphia's best kept secrets. It's sad that typical people leave bad reviews about a missing Cesar salad (which is the most boring salad on earth) and a changing menu. I love that the chef changes things up. I guess when you live in center city and go to the same spots a change in a menu is welcomed. 
With the largest Cruvinet in the world, it's a pretty impressive place! 
If actually give it more stars but I'm limited to only 5!Here's my pick as one of the most romantic little date-night drop-in spots going. After a play at the Arden or a movie at the Ritz, wander in here and cozy up in Il Bar for some wine and cheese. They have more than 100 types of wine available by the glass and a wine menu that goes on and on with choices of two sizes of wines (a small tasting size or full glass). Plus there's the fun of ordering from their list of flights to play winetasting together. Too much to choose from? Chat with Bill, the sommelier, for some personalized guidance.
As for the restaurant, it's some of Philly's best Italian and the service is good. They even pull of a brilliant meal during restaurant week: It's a great one to hit then because they offer almost the entire menu to choose from instead of 2-3 selected options. 
Don't miss their risotto special of the day when it's not restaurant week.Moved to Phila.  5/1/2016..  Took a long walk to Panorama after reading about it on its web site.  Was there many years ago.  Went to be told the bar is closed and there is no happy hour.  Were going through renovations.  Ok, even though their site made no mention of construction.  Was assured by manager the happy hour and bar would be ready for business in a week or two.  Took a long HOT walk approx. 4-6 weeks later to see an empty beautiful restaurant and was told the bar was not open due to renovations.  Hostess and another woman in charge saw we were shocked and almost had heat stroke and apologized yet never offering a glass of water or a beverage.  Asking us to check back in a week or two by telephone.  No I won't.  Rude. Terrible management.  Adios.**note: definitely worth traveling 35min each way**
--
If a restaurant experience were only about the food, Ristorante Panorama would get,  hands down, a no brainer, five-star review. I've been there a few times, and the food has been perfectly executed each and every time. I don't know who their chef is, and I'm surprised about that because he or she is really very talented. 
We started with antipasto for the table, and it was very yummy. There are many succulent items that come on (with?) the antipasto, but I would order it again just for the roasted red peppers, which were definitely the best I've had in a long time. The peppers are delicately seasoned and have the perfect amount of caramelization that gives the faintest hint of char. Honestly, I could eat a bowl full. 
Next, I had a half order of gnocchi. This dish is made up of 1/2 potato, 1/2 ricotta gnocchi and served with smoked mozzarella and San Marzano tomatoes. Every pillow is a little piece of Italian heaven. 
Of our entrees, the two that really stood out were: 1) Poached Bronzino, and 2) Stuffed Veal Medallions. The flavor of the Bronzino is to die for, but the best part was the execution. The fish was ever so perfectly cooked (see love note about chef, supra). It's 8:23 A.M., two days later, and I'm still thinking about how good it was... only wish I had ordered it. Thankfully, I had the Veal, which was also top notch. 
Sadly, I have to dock the restaurant a star because the front of the house managers, while professional and excellently reactive, lack the inherent gift / talent for service that all great managers have. That is, the ability that allows great managers to be courageously proactive in managing their guests experiences. My problem, and I hate to even call it that because it was adequately addressed after I brought it up, stems from the EXCESSIVE use of flash photography by a large, rowdy table directly in the center of the dining room. I believe this group of women - the number of which, I want to say, was about 20 - were, like our party, celebrating the birthday of one of their members. So, a few pictures - although I find the practice horrid myself - is to be expected. But, from the moment that all of their guests arrived, for a solid 15 minutes thereafter - until I had to ask the manager to address the problem - there was an almost constant battery of flashes - think one every 10 seconds -  going off in every direction. Not to mention, members of their party were mulling about posing for pictures and being extra rowdy. It was IMPOSSIBLE not to be distracted by their garishness. 
A GREAT front of the house manager would have seen this behavior as unacceptable and proactively taken steps to address the situation immediately. Sadly, Ristorante only has GOOD front of the house managers, who - once I accosted them, and I'm sorry about my tone - took care of the situation. I can't help but think that the lack of proactivity stems from a lack of confidence in the mission / vision of the establishment itself. At some point, to be truly great, an establishment has to say, "This is the kind of place that we are," and carry that mission / vision forward - proactively. Like they say, before someone else can love you, you have to love yourself.  
So, I leave it at that. Ristorante is on the cusp of 5-Stardom. The choice is really up to them; unlike so many other places, they have all the tools at their ready. When they decide that allowing one table to act as if that table has complete dominion of the dining room at the expense of all the other tables until one of the other tables must complain is an unacceptable practice, I will gladly revise my review upward. Until then, Ristorante is the best of the very good restaurants in Philadelphia.Went for dinner during restaurant week. The restaurant itself was very nice. It is quite roomy compared to most in the city. Menu had great options and the wine list is second to none. The appetizers were very tasty but luke warm. We chalked it up to them being very busy. Mains were perfect (scallops and duck). Desserts looked great but were just okay. The chocolate torte was dry. I will go back because there are many items on the menu that I want to try.I absolutely love Ristorante Panorama. It may be useless for me to say that this is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly since I have so many, but RP is definitely high on my list. I would have been here more times than I have if we lived closer to it. I had first discovered it during the four years I lived away from Philly and stayed at the attached Penn's View Hotel during a visit back. During that visit, I had a wonderful dinner there with my family and enjoyed the bar a couple of nights. I had a similarly excellent experience during a subsequent visit.
Since moving back a year ago, we've been back a couple of times for dinner and a few times to sit at the bar. Over the few years I've gone to RP, the food and service has been consistently excellent, save one mediocre experience during restaurant week, during which we had similar mediocre experiences at otherwise excellent establishments, which speaks more to my impressions of restaurant week than to any individual restaurant.
During our most recent visit, we brought along two guests, one from out of town. The evening started off with all of us ordering flights from the impressive selection of wines. There are many excellent wine bars in the city, but the Il Bar at Ristorante Panorama definitively has the best by the glass selection thanks to its world record 120 bottle preservation and distribution system. Here, you can try wines by the glass that you would only be able to get by the bottle elsewhere. The staff is exceptionally well-versed in their wines and can help navigate the extensive selection ensuring that you enjoy your glass(es).
After lingering over our flights (five not insignificant pours), we sat in the adjacent dining area for dinner. Again, service was excellent and the food superb. I began my meal with an addition to that night's menu: mussels in a red sauce. For my entree, I had the Tagliatelle with exotic mushrooms topped with lump crabmeat. Everyone enjoyed their meals, which, of course, were accompanied by more excellent wines. We were too satisfied by our meals to entertain dessert, but we ended the evening with rounds of coffee and espresso and digestifs.Hubs and I went here tonight with two other couples during Restaurant Week. It surprised me that we had our choice of the menu, as usually restaurants offer a limited menu during Restaurant Week. There wasn't a bad dish to be had. Because one of the men in our group knows the owner, we were started off with complimentary plates: the first, lightly breaded calamari with a most delicious marinara sauce, and proscuitto, parmesan cheese slices and green olives on the other. For my appetizer, I chose the funghi con proscuitto --Exotic mushrooms sautéed in olive oil with garlic and prosciutto in a polenta cup with taleggio cheese sauce. It was awesome! Hubby had the spinach salad and we both thought it was the best spinach salad he had ever had. I chose the Vitello Mandolese--Thinly pounded veal medallions stuffed with prosciutto and fresh mozzarella in a sauce of porcini mushrooms and homemade truffled butter. I cannot begin to tell you how amazing this dish was. Hubby had the Filetto di Manzo--pan-seared 8oz filet mignon topped with melted homemade truffled butter--so tender and seasoned perfectly. Others in the group also had the filet mignon and some others had sauteéd lamb chops in Madeira wine sauce flavored with mint butter, served with fingerling potatoes; and thin veal medallions sautéed with house roasted red peppers, black olives, onion and white wine. Most of the dishes came with roasted potatoes and either broccoli, green beans or asparagas. Everyone said the same thing - "This is delicious!" I had the tiramisu for dessert; hubby had the cannoli. Others had chocolate cheese cake (a special); chocolate ice cream; profiteroles; and sorbet. We had several glasses of wine and not a complaint could be heard all night long. Well, except for the coffee. That was our only complaint. Four of us ordered decaf coffee and it was not good. It actually tasted watered down to us--all four of us! The restaurant is a tad pricey but with food this good, who cares?Came to philly for a freinds birthday party. We stayed at the hotel as well (Penns View Hotel)  which is a cute boutique hotel, old school with real keys. We were in 206 deccent size with a king bed, desk,  nice bath with wirlpool tub. 
We went to bar which is awesome, huge wine selection with many 5 pour wine flights, we chose the hidden jem selection flight and cabernet flight along with the antipasta. Great way to start our night. 
At 8 we went to dinner We had the beet salad that was beautiful and delicious, all the pastas are made in house and between all of us I think we had everthing on the menu, the duck ragu stood out and the lobster sauce. It was and incredible eveningThere aren't many restaurants that I can honestly say deliver a flawless meal. This restaurant absolutely did. Our waitress was extremely helpful in each of our choices and we truly enjoyed our entire dining experience. The decor was crisp and clean yet cozy. The service was spot-on. And the food...I won't stop thinking about it for some time. We decided to each get a flight of wines instead of a bottle. They have dozens of combinations for you to choose from and it equates to about 1.5 glasses of wine, which was perfect for our dinner and allowed us to try a variety of different vintages. We then opted for the burrata and arugala salad as our appetizers and each was wonderful in its own way. I got the ricotta gnocchi for my entree (holy broccoli rabe pesto Batman!) and my partner ordered the wild boar ragout. We share a side of broccoli rabe which was cooked perfectly. I don't eat meat so I can't personally vouch for the boar dish but my partner loved it. I in turn thoroughly enjoyed the gnocchi. It wasn't heavy and the half portion was perfect. I wish I could have it every day (but my waistline is glad that won't work out). We didn't do dessert; we were comfortably full and didn't want to tip the scales in the other direction. We talked fondly about the meal several times through the rest of our evening out and are really looking forward to returning as soon as possible. Thank you!Very disappointing.  We have been coming here for over 10 years and our experience today was a huge let down. I would tell you about the food only I have no idea because I did not receive mine and the bartender did not seem to care. The wine is great but what happened to an educated bartender at a wine bar. The new condensed menu is a beg disappiobtmebt as well. We struggled to find selections that we never received anyway. Again excellent in the past but terrible today. We will not return.I can only speak for the drinks here, as we bellied up to the bar after eating dinner elsewhere. Extensive wine bar with tons of wine on tap. If you're a wine lover, then this place is your heaven. The menu boasts an array of wine flights ranging in price from about $20-$40. 
I think I would frequent this place more if the location were better, but it's a great option if you're in the area.We love this place and have been there several times. Our last visit was enjoyable but we were surprised that at our last visit the bartender admitted he knew nothing about wine. We had some questions which he couldn't answer because he lacked knowledge. Why would he be a candidate to bartender at a wine bar?Post raving about an awesome yelp event here, my boyfriend took me here for my birthday dinner- which was nothing short of awesome.  The inside of this place is gorgeous.  Exposed stone, nice art, low lighting, etc.
The food was phenomenal- we shared a meat and cheese plate app, got the gnocchi (every other gnocchi you ever have will pale in comparison), boyfriend got a pork dish with broccoli rabe (the name escapes me), and had tiramisu that was really decadent.  I was stuck on wine which was all on point- dining partner also ordered a cocktail that was very strong but good.
The only thing that made it broke this 5 star experience was the service.  It was SO slow!  Don't get me wrong, I thoroughly enjoyed having a long & lovely birthday dinner, but if I came here on any old Friday and was in the restaurant for nearly 3 hours (yes, this is real) and not expecting to allot that much time, I'd be upset.   Also, parking around the area can be brutal.  Just pay for a garage or take the train if it's an option.Stopped in to this establishment for drinks and snacks with another couple one evening.  We had a wonderful time!  The wine flights were of particular interest and the delightful snacks were wonderful.  The cheese plate was a perfect snack to go along with our individual flights.  Our server was helpful, knowledgeable and made GREAT recommendations!  Loved it!!!!   Can't wait to go back again and recommend it to many folks!Took the advice of Yelp reviewers and decided to try Panorama when I was in Philly for a night. I was impressed by the warm decor and the knowledgable staff. My boyfriend and I decided on two different red wine flights of wine for approximately $20 each, comparable if we were to buy a whole bottle and more enjoyable. The food was tasty, I enjoyed my lobster ravioli though the sauce was a bit weak. The caesar salad was nice as was the chocolate ganache cake special we split. My boyfriend had a seafood pasta for an appetizer which was very large for one person, but well done, and a veal entree which he also enjoyed. If I'm ever back in Philly I'll make sure to come back for some more great wine and food!I dinned here with a friend based on his recommendation. I don't think either of us were extremely impressed. I'm certainly not a knowledgeable wine drinker but I do enjoy drinking the grape. Of the flights that we tried, the sparkling was the best. I usually prefer red but the two flights were only OK.
As for the food; my entre was good but I probably would not return again. Do yourself a favor and try out another bite when in Philadelphia.I actually joined Yelp to share my experience because I didn't want anyone to spend money to be disappointed like I was. 
I had heard great things about Panorama so I made reservations for Valentines Day a month in advance. 
When my boyfriend and I arrived we were seated at a table for 2, where a chair is on one side and a bench is on the other. I took the bench side not realizing I was sitting in a large crack between two cushions and any attempt to move ot one side or another put me uncomfortable close to someone else. 
But the larger problem- its a big day and a big night for a restaurant. I expected to be somewhat rushed out- and made plans to meet up with friends after accordingly. 
Big Mistake. 
I will keep this short- our server was slow, unhelpful, and almost downright rude. 
I asked for advice on the 150 wines by the glass (please recommend a cab) and he said "all the wine is good"
My boyfriend asked what the difference between half and full plate was, trying to get a general idea which one I should get and the server says "i dont know the ounces. full plate is bigger" (Gee thanks)
I ordered gnocchi which was heavy, and flavorless. My boyfriend ordered tortellini with peas because I wanted to try it. Instead he was given lobster ravioli (I am allergic to seafood) and as no one came over to check on us after our food was delivered, and we were hungry, he ate half. He couldnt even finish it because he said it was awful, and tasted like bad crab meat. 
We both left more than half our food untouched, and when we finally alerted the server, he came back and offered us the pasta orginally ordered, or dessert. 
We declined both, and asked for the check. 40 minutes later and after asking 2 more times we finally got it- with the lobster ravioloi on it even though it was much more expensive than what my boyfriend ordered. 
We just paid it- we had been there for so long we just wanted to leave. 
The manager did inquire when we were leaving as to how things were and I told him.
His response? Here is my card, come back and I will take care of you. 
No thank you. why would I come spend MORE money here when everything was awful.Bartender was kinda rude, I asked for a drink with gin instead of tito's vodka (what kind of place even serves Tito's vodka that's not a frat house??). When I got the drink, it tasted like vodka to me, so I asked our waitress if we could get another one with gin. The bartender remade the drink, making our waitress pour the gin in front of us-- so pompous. Our waitress was sweet so at least there was that. The bill came to about $200 for 2 people, but we both felt like it should have been a $100 meal. Definitely had other $200 meals that were 1000 times better. I think the octopus ruined it for me. I thought it was impossible to ruin octopus but this place proved me wrong. It was way too salty and I wasnt feeling the cantaloupe with it. The burrata was good, just didnt like the bread that it came with. My boyfriend got the NY strip and I got the parpadelle and we both thought they were just mediocre. Probably wouldn't recommend this place, but most places in philly are hit or miss for Italian.This is our second time back, and for good reason. The food is always amazing. And the hospitality and service is always stellar. And the wine selection... the Best! 
We stayed the night there at the Penn's View Hotel. Our favorite spot in the city.Just went to Panorama on a quiet weekday lunch and had the best Italian meal in a very long time. Do not hesitate, go. Food has original touches with a northern Italian inflections.Wine Bar. The biggest on tap wine experience in the world. You don't know a love of wine until you step in here. Try it. Drink it. Love it.I enjoyed the orecchiette with shrimp and the aperol cocktail, both were good. Service was excellent, ambiance also very nice and I really like the wall mural, excellent art.Great service! Bread was delicious, very comprehensive wine menu, cozy and charming. Ravioli Week with half price ravioli dishes was a delicious surprise!I somehow felt very special dining here amazing food and wine.  My husband was totally out of his element, if it ain't Wendys or McDonalds...pitiful...its a good thing he's fine...but I digress...
My husband got a trio of different pasta which was light and flavorful....it did not come from a box!
My appetizer was perfection which consisted of mussels.  And the bread with the pesto oil was all I needed to send me over the top!  But wait, There is more!!!   My entree was the Parpenelle Pasta with the Duck Ragu.  The pasta again was very light and the Duck Ragu which was in a rich hearty gravy that made you feel like you were in a small rustic village in Italy....and I know because I've been to small rustic villages in Italy.
Let me tell you about the FLIGHTS OF WINE!  YES!!!  Wine of every kind from everywhere situated on a spiral tier and you try them....I flew  back to Italy....wonderful....
I couldn't resist taking some ricotta cheesecake home...it was wonderful...
I read a review where someone wrote that the waiters where somewhat robotic....good word for a few of them but our main server...not the girl that explained the specials to us...our server was warm and helpful.
This is my new favorite place!!!Amazing food and service! My bf and I went there last night for Valentine's Day. The food was appropriately portioned and priced! Definitely recommendWe've been to Panorama three times, and I don't hesitate to hit them with five stars.  Funny thing is each experience was completely different, but all very good ones.  The Yelp event here last year was phenomenal, and shame on me for not putting up a review after it.  They held nothing back, and the food and wine were incredible.
Our second visit was stellar again, but relatively uneventful.  It always seems to be a great place to go on First Friday when you don't want to deal with big crowds.  I think this place deals with two types of patrons:  locals who want great wine and upscale Italian food and guests of the Inn who have no idea what to expect.
The third time was a charm, and I want to start by saying the barkeep who just passed his sommelier's test was probably the best I've ever encountered.  He was friendly, knew how to keep his distance, made perfect recommendations when asked, and turned a 20 minute drink stop into an hour and a half wine tasting mission.  There's a trick to discounting to encourage more purchases, and this guy was a master.  If you go, ask him to make you his Italian egg cream creation that is not on the menu...wow!  Also, the stuffed pastas are not to be missed, and you will not find better half priced wine and appetizers at any happy hour in the city.In no way is this worth the price. The food is mediocre. The atmosphere is lame a cheesy. And I know I probably sound like one of those irrational people on yelp who just have unrealistic expectations, but $60 for terrible Riesling, watery burratta, and average bolognese is just a no. I came for lunch for restaurant week at two (obviously a lunch hour) and the charged me for dinner without telling me until I got the check.Great ambiance. Great selection of wine. Pasta portions are very small. The "full" size tortellini had six in there for $25. The waitress told me they go by weight in ounces for their half/full portions. I can't imagine how small the half size could've been! The food was delicious, just left us still hungry when we were done.My wife and I stayed at the Penns View hotel and met with some friends for a night out on the town.  We arrived on a Thursday night and decided to stop in at the Panorama for drinks and appetizers.  I ordered two flights of red wine and my wife and her firmed ordered two flights of white wine.  We ordered the Antipasto and also an order of the Tuna  Carpaccio.  
Let me start out by saying our server, Rodney, was fantastic.  He had a great personality and answered all our questions.  Most restaurants would dream to have an employee like him.  Our first wine flight came out promptly and Rodney pointed out each wine in order.  Our appetizers followed in a very timely manner without feeling like we were rushed or delayed.  The antipasto was well balanced with olives, prosciutto, mozzarella, sharp provolone and many other tasty additions along with a nice crispy rounds.  The tuna carpaccio was very fresh and lightly topped with micro greens.  This is easily one of my favorite restaurants in south Philly.  The hotel is a hidden gem and the location is within walking distance of the pier as well has many other interesting food and beverage places.Went here for restaurant week recently and had a great time! Honestly my favorite thing I got was the ciabatta bread with pesto they brought out to start with-so good! But everything else I ordered was pretty great too, I got the burrata, pesto gnocchi, and the tiramisu! The wine list was a bit pricey but they had a tasting option for $24 that I would try if I went back!Family Style menu. Wine selection was Five Star. Food was great. Menu was small - but very specialized. Boyfriend had veil and said it was phenomenal. Food service was a bit slow - and that's the reason we docked a star. Would recommend and return.Tried out this place for Restaurant Week and the menu was set up in a way where you were able to order directly from their main menu, but was limited to ordering an app, entree and desert. So that was good. I went with 3 other friends, so we were able to try almost everything haha. The restaurant is about a block or so away from Franklin Foundation and it's in a hotel so you can't really miss it. Parking is not so bad around this area. The decor and atmosphere is great, not too dark and not too loud. The wine bar was the main feature of the entire place, in my opinion. The waitress was really hospitable. 
For the first course we ordered the Gamberetti & Fagioli, Insalata di Stagione, Funghi Selvatici,  and the Insalata di Stagione. I enjoyed my Insalata di Salmone, the salmon was great and the greens were nicely dressed. Although the Gamberetti & Fagioli was probably the best first course. The shrimp were perfectly cooked, the cannellini beans were delish!
For the second course, we ordered Filetto di Manzo, Capesante all'Arancia, Agnello con salsa verde, petto d'anatra con more. The scallops were cooked perfectly and the flavor was on point! Although some of the sweet potato and cauliflower was over cooked, the dish over all was great. My least favorite dish was the lamb, but I'm just not a fan of lamb anyway. 
For dessert, the highlight was the poached pear. A slightly sweet dessert with mascarpone. 
This place is famous for their wine flights so we ordered that and throughly enjoyed being able to try a variety of wines. Although it was restaurant week, there wasn't much diners on a Sunday evening. I would definitely recommend this place!We had a very enjoyable meal here. It was completely empty when we came for a Wednesday lunch which was rather odd but made the experience very relaxed. We ordered the mushroom appetizer (very delicious! Probably the best dish we had), the pappardelle (solid but would probably not get again) and the gnocchi (nice! though afterwards we couldn't stop drinking water - must have a lot of salt!). They gave complimentary homemade foccacia with pesto but there was barely any pesto which was annoying. Regardless, I had a lovely meal and would recommend to anyone in the area. (We split all 3 dishes and with tax and tip was $27 so quite pricey though)Panorama really surprised me! I don't know why this place is listed as having a great view in Philadelphia, but the lady at the front was nice enough to call me before my reservation to explain that Panorama was a 1-story restaurant that didn't have any view of the Delaware river (even though it's right next to it). That's fine, I was just misinformed because it keeps coming up whenever I type in "Restaurants with Nice Views in Philadelphia" - go figure. 
One of the special things about Panorama is that their regular menu is offered during Restaurant Week - so we really got to try everything I wanted on the menu. If that's not a success, I don't know what is. I love the selection of wine and beer flights and they also put them on ring holders in order from top to bottom so you know what wine/beer you're drinking. The only thing I had to say was that their desserts could have been better. The tiramisu was soggy on the bottom and the olive oil cake just didn't sit right with me. I loved the way the lamb was cooked and also preferred the cavatelli over the pappardalle. Yes, the cavatelli has a stronger flavor but after experiencing that explosive flavor in your mouth, everything after seemed to pale in comparison.This is my oldest favorite place to eat in Philadelphia and my go-to for a special dinner when guests come into town to visit me! We are never disappointed - the food and wine are outstanding (over 120 rotating wines on tap...need I say more?) and the ambiance in the bar room or downstairs is just too cool - old school Italian. 
My personal favorites are the fried calamari, which they nearly always have on special, the antipasto misto, funghi, and insalata di Caesar for starters. Plus the addicting little bread nuggets on your table as a starter! 
For my main course, I almost always opt for the gnocchi con provola affumicata - they are just so perfectly executed that I can't seem to get past them to try many more things, but I'm always tasting what everyone else gets too. The Trenette di Spinaci is spinach pasta with sausage and grated parm, also a good choice. I've tried the pesto over gnocchi as well and it's to die for. Their specials are also great and we've ordered lobster ravioli and many other dishes from there, I have not once been disappointed with any aspect of my meal.
Now...onto the wines, the part of the meal that hits it out of the park! They have over 100 wines on tap, which are circulating seasonally so there is always a crazy huge selection! Personally, I like to go big or go home, so I choose from one of their wine flights (5 glasses, with a dozen options!). The wait staff is so incredibly knowledgable they will make sure you find one you love, and you can try it for free!
This place is perfection in my mind, and in over a dozen visits I have not had anything but a stellar, incredibly classy dinner here. MmmmmHad dinner here last night and it was fabulous.  The pasta dishes are superb.   Also had a specialty cocktail, a margarita that was awesome   The new renovations and the music make for great atmosphere.  A must try for any occasion.   Can't wait to go back.  Of course the wines list is extensive and not to be overlooked.Just returned from celebrating our family's March Birthdays here this evening. Let me begin by saying we selected this restaurant based upon our past dining experience in 2006 and Craig LaBan's review. We knew that Panorama has undergone a change in appearance and a new Chef. After eating here tonight the changes are for the worse. So our meal started off well as our waiter brought out focaccia bread with basil oil and it was presented nicely and tasted even better. Our family are bread eaters and the waiter collected our plates without even asking if we wanted more. Not what I would expect at a classy restaurant. Next our appetizers were served. I ordered the grilled calamari which was $16 and the most expensive appetizer. It was presented nicely, it was cooked perfectly and was delicious, but the portion size was extremely small. My son had the Polpetta (Wagyu Meatball) and it was excellent as well. My wife had the special onion soup which was rather bland and was not hot when she received it. Now for the unacceptable part. We waited an hour for the entrees to be served. Not sure if they were short kitchen staff, but I have never had to wait that long between courses. Additionally, most of the entrees were served luke warm. My brother's veal, my wife's scallops, my son's Tortellini to name a few. The entrees would have been delicious if they were served hot. Now for the pièce de résistance, we brought our own cake and they charged us $43 to serve it. The last time we were here, we celebrated by son's 16th Birthday, we had the exact same number of people and the food was excellent, served warm, the service was excellent and they gave us all free desert. Our family goes to many of the finest Philly restaurants and I can assure you that this is not one of them!*** CONTINUED ***
Scallops [$27]
Pan-seared scallops, swiss chard, orange-braised turnip, caper zabaglione 
Another standout from the night was the scallop dish. You can always count on the GF to order it if it's on the menu and I'm so glad she did. These bivalves were expertly cooked, with a salty sear that contrasted nicely with the innate sweetness of the scallops. The slightly bitter turnips were tempered by a braise with orange juice and offered up some complexity to each bite. But the true star of the dish? The interplay between the wonderfully braised swiss chard and that stellar caper zabaglione. It offered up a sweet richness that helped to support the scallops. Get this dish!
Braciola [$29]
Veal skirt steak, parsley, garlic, Parmigiano, porcini genovese, broccolini 
Not to be outdone, the braciola here is incredibly tender and savory. The garlic is slow roasted and complements the earthy porcini sauce well, with the broccolini providing some levity to each bite and the roasted tomatoes offering up some acid. The meat lover in you will be satiated!
And with our mains just served and our wine flights not entirely drained, Wine Director Bill Eccleston sent out three additional glasses to enjoy. There's that famiglia sense of hospitality!
Limoncello Cheesecake Semifreddo [$9]
Pizelle "Sandwich," basil dolce 
The GF had her eye on the pizelle sandwich and her sweet tooth could not be denied. The light semifreddo had the tart essence of limoncello, sandwiched between two crisp pizelle cookies. The perfect palate cleanser to close out the meal.
Tiramisu Affogato Budino [$9]
Banana mascarpone, lady fingers, espresso caramel, walnut 
But of course, the kitchen sent out their budino, which was clearly special. Drowned in an espresso caramel, the banana mascarpone was subtly sweet and creamy, sitting atop a pat of crisped, buttered lady fingers, with bits of walnut offering texture throughout. Rich, decadent, and a showstopper.
To truly end our night, Bill brought out some digestifs to round out the meal. I enjoy a more bitter route and he selected the perfect one for me - Amaro Dell'Erborista. The floral nose belies a bright, bitter, and herbal finish. I might need to pick up a bottle beyond just my usual fernet branca!
A softer route for the GF came in the form of vermouth. Alessio Chinato had a nice interplay between sweet and bitter, with a finish that was lengthy and enjoyable. 
I have to say that service was beyond reproach - I mean it seems like such a simple thing, but how often are your desserts served on a cold plate? Should be standard, but few and far between.
So if you're looking to enjoy Italian beyond just the typical Southern style marinaras, Panorama has got you covered, and then some. If you're looking for a date night to venture into or expand your knowledge of wine, Panorama can clearly take you on a flight (pun intended!). Highly recommend stopping by - I know I'll be back.The wine list is extensive and the waitress was kind and helpful. We got a cheeseboard, which was incredible, the burrata pasta, meatball, and ceased salad. I will definitely be back!I'll give them a 5 even though I didn't get a chance to try their food selection (stopped by around 11:30pm).  This place is super awesome and hard to find seats(we had to double back later on)! The bar tender (I didn't get his  name) was awesome.. he knew every answer to satisfy my wine curiosity,  super nice, and based on what I told him I liked, found me the perfect wine! Will DEFINITELY go back! Oh... and FYI th e hold a record with the Guinness Book of World Record...I've never written a restaurant review before - but I just HAD to after I had the best dining experience at Panorama last night! I give them 5 stars because of their hospitality, service, and attention to detail.  We made reservations for 7:30 and got there early (around 7:10pm).  The hostess informed us our table wasn't ready so we sat at the bar and ordered a flight of wine - which was AMAZING.  Due to a private party in the back of the restaurant, we were seated a few minutes late which wasn't a problem since we were entertained with wine at the bar.  Once we sat down, what appeared to be the owner, quickly brought us a complementary plate of lightly fried calamari, their appetizer special of the night, and apologized for the wait we endured while we had a reservation.  I was very impressed!! About 2 minutes later, the owner then proceeded to bring us 2 complementary glasses of REALLY NICE champagne!! He commented that he knew it was our anniversary and he wanted us to celebrate!! Hands down he best service I have seen in Philly and not to mention the food was AMAZING.  Will definitely be going back and encourage everyone to visit this restaurant! Food= 10 Service= 10++Panorama is one of Philadelphia's best options for authentic Northern Italian flavors coupled with an emphasis on la famiglia. The restaurant is located within boutique Penn's View Hotel. And Panorama's proprietor, Luca Sena, is essentially everyone's favorite uncle and draws upon decades of experience as a restaurateur. Beyond offering 120 wines by the glass via the world's largest wine cruvinet / dispensary, Sena's tapped Chef Matthew Gentile to head the kitchen. And with Gentile's background (Parc, Lacroix, and Ela), it's no surprise that an updated take on classic dishes is how the menu reads and tastes! 
But before we get on with the meal, let's start with the wine. Panorama does, after all, hold the Guinness Book record for World's Largest Wine Dispenser! Regardless of whether you plan to dine or simply imbibe, it's the perfect spot for a date night or girl's night out to indulge with a flight of wines. Several certified sommeliers are in house and have curated a wonderfully witty vino menu, ranging from "Blanc Expressions" to "Cab Fare." And the generous pours and price points suit all budgets and tastes. 
A Rosé by Any Other Name [$24]
Brut Rosé "Franciacorta~Chardonnay 65 / Pinot Noir 35" Contadi Castaldi nv (Italy)
Cab Franc Brut Rosé "La Cravantine~Val de Loire" F. Gasnier nv (France)
Rosé of Pinot Noir "Willamette Valley" Trisaetum '15 (Washington)
Grenache/Cinsault/Carignan "Grain de Rosé~Sable de Camargue" Listel '15 (FR)
Pinot Grigio "Ramato XL~Venezia Guilia" Scarbolo '13 (Italy)
The GF enjoyed the light and subtly sweeter tastes of rosé. It's nice to see how the wines progress with the meal and clearly, that's the intent. The Scarbolo '13 was particularly enjoyable with an intense fruitiness that's emblematic of rosés. 
Future Cult Classics - Super Limited Production [$34.75]
Chardonnay/Riesling "Langhe~Collaretto~330 cs prod" Oddero '12 (Italy)
Grüner Veltliner "Santa Ynez~174 cs prod" Solminer '14 (CA)
Cab Franc "Trinch~Bourgueil~250 cs prod~Biodynamic" Breton '14 (France)
Syrah Blend "Cotes du Roussillon Villages L'Esquerda~450 cs prod" Bila-Haut '13 (FR)
Syrah "Sonoma Coast~420 cs prod" Wind Gap '12 (CA)
When ordering wine with dinner, I typically lean towards Cabs and Syrahs so was intrigued by the Future Cult Classics. The biodynamic Breton was particularly forward with dark berry and the Wind Gap was one of my favorites - medium-bodied and savory. 
Bread Service
If you decide to dine as well, meals will start off with housemade foccacia. Light and airy within, with a great crust speckled with sea salt on the exterior. The garlic pesto was spot on as well. 
Burrata [$15]
Shaved butternut squash, fig, chestnut, balsamic
The burrata was creamy, sweet, and light, but held up to the vibrant acidity of the balsamic and the heft of the butternut squash. Chestnuts added a textural note to each bite, with an enjoyable richness in its own right. 
Shrimp [$13]
Grilled shrimp, white bean croquette, grilled romaine 
The shrimp were snappy, lightly seasoned, and dressed with a beautiful buerre blanc, adorned with bits of grilled romaine. Wonderfully crisped white bean croquettes added a substantive component to the dish and were enjoyably hearty. Perfect to sop off some more of that sauce. 
Crespelle [$14 | $25]
Lobster & crab-filled crepe, lobster sugo, basil hollandaise 
The airy, yet crisp crepe held plenty of fresh crab and lobster meat to create a light bite before we enjoyed our mains. I appreciated that there was just enough of the lobster sugo providing a countervailing acidity and savory depth, in contrast with the herbaceous hollandaise. 
Gnocchi Gorgonzola [$13 | $22]
Gorgonzola dolce, anjou pear, black walnut 
Pastas are made in-house and based on Panorama's gnocchi, I'd highly recommend at least one with your meal. The gnocchi were pillowy clouds of gorgonzola goodness. If you think blue cheese and pasta don't mix, you'd be wrong. Gorgonzola dolce is one of our favorite cheeses, with its sweet and subtly mild funk. Just enough of the gorgonzola sauce coated the gnocchi to create a savory, salty bite. This was balanced by sweet Anjou pears that were cut to the size of the gnocchi, with bits of black walnut offering up some textural contrast. Rich, to be sure, and definitely one of our favorites! 
*** TO BE CONTINUED ***Had an amazing dinner with my boyfriend at Panorama for Restaurant Week on Saturday night. We were seated at a cozy corner table so we could sit kind of next to each other instead of across the table and had such a nice time just talking and having fun trying all different kinds of wine! We could not believe the wine list which is suuuuper extensive as you could imagine - there's something for everyone! We opted to share the cab flight and it was fantastic for $29. Can't beat that and so much more fun than just getting a couple glasses.
I really love the ambiance of Panorama with the dim lights and candle lit tables, it really adds a nice, romantic feel! As for the food, everything was great and such a steal for $35 for restaurant week! We started with the pasta with octopus (can't remember the exact name) and the burrata tortellini as the first course. Both were stellar but small portions but I didn't mind that at all. For our main course, we both opted for the N.Y. Strip Steak which was cooked to perfection. I do not consider myself a steak person, but was told I couldn't miss out on this which turned out to be the case! For dessert, we ended with a chocolate ganache cake (substitute for the cannoli on the menu that night) and the tiramisu. I am a sucker for tiramisu and this one was very good, but different as it was more like an espresso cake topped with coffee ice cream and whipped cream.
We will be back to Panorama for sure!Yum - I had a fantastic Center City Restaurant Week dinner experience at Panorama! My friend and I made a reservation about 3 days in advance and I was glad we did, because it filled up quickly!
I decided not to drink that night, but my friend ordered one of the wine flights - the Cab Fare (five 1.5oz pours of different Cabernet Sauvignons). I tried a sip of each, and they were all slightly different but fantastic! 
To start, we were brought complementary focaccia bread with pesto, which was warm and delicious. For the first course of our 3-course dinner, we split the Formaggio Share Plate (five Italian cheeses, wine infused preserves, and truffle honey). It was the perfect start to our meal. For my second course, I ordered the Tortellini con Burrata (burrata filled pasta, autumn squash, and sage brown butter). It was so delicate and so yummy. My friend ordered the gnocchi and really enjoyed it.
For dessert, I got the Tiramisu (mascarpone, spongecake, espresso semifreddo, chilled espresso crema). It was light and creamy - the perfect way to end the meal. My friend got the Olive Oil Cake; I tried hers and didn't love it (I'm not a huge cake person). 
Service was a little slow but very thorough and accommodating. The space was simultaneously cozy and spacious, and it is filled with pleasant decor and art. Overall, I highly recommend Panorama as a great spot for quality Italian food!