There is absolutely nothing wrong with this restaurant, and I quite like the decor.  But for the price, I want outstanding food and impeccable service and this has neither. The atmosphere is also a bit zoo like.  It feels to me like a place where people from NJ and out of town go to when they want to feel like they are eating in a classy joint in the city.
My Lyonnaise had delicious dressing.  But the egg was really small and the yolk not runny or big enough to saturate the tiny hidden cubes of potatoes, so it didn't really come together the way a Lyonnaise should.
The skate wing was perfectly fine.  It came with lovely bits of artichoke heart that were fresh and hearty tasting.  I wish the brown butter were more delectable and something I wanted to sop up with my pieces of skate, but not the case.
Also, our waiter was very hesitant, standing at the side of the table never asking if we want to order.  He cleared our silverware after the first course and our second course arrived presumably hot but with no silverware for us to eat it.  We had to flag him down and when he brought silverware it was only for three settings not four, so again we had to wait to all start digging in.  It really is the small things that matter and this place lacked attention to detail.
 I would be happy with this quality of food were it in a small corner restaurant that didn't charge as much.  But with all the fuss and attitude about this place, they need to step up the quality.great place for brunch!  portions on certain dishes are out of control (like the french toast and pancakes).  other dishes are more sensible (like the poached eggs and asparagus i had).  the decor is quintessential french bistro, with a little naughty twist that was fun.  other than the waiter forgot to bring us bread (which is necessary for my egg dish!)  and being little brusque with us, parc is a great place for tasty food and a leisurely brunch on a sunday morning.My fiance loves French food, so for her birthday I made a reservation here and we went after seeing how busy it gets on a daily basis and from the previous reviews.  
To start the bread was fine, nothing to write home about and not as great as the bread you get at any restaurant in France.  
We ordered the duck and lamb.  Both dishes were extremely over priced for what we received.  The portions were also very small and we both left hungry.  With small portions it should be all about the taste and meh they were okay.  Nothing special.  I've had better duck in the chinatown area of philadelphia for 1/20th the price.  Also, the lamb was not warm and we both felt that we make better lamb shank at home.  
We left disappointed and will likely not go back.Delicious food, great ambiance, excellent service. My girlfriend had never had French food before and I'm glad this was her first time, because now she'll definitely want to get French food again. 
It was a very busy time, on a Friday night, but our waiter was still very attentive. He got our drinks and brought us over a fresh variety of bread.  The entire time, the staff made sure that our water glasses were full.
We got escargot with hazelnut butter to start. I was a little on edge because I imagined a sweet taste to it and I'm not a fan savory and sweet mixes, but it was not sweet at all and absolutely delicious. 
For an entree I got the warm shrimp salad. It was delicious. The shrimp was perfectly seasoned and cooked and the avocado was perfectly ripe. My girlfriend got Steak Frites and her steak was cooked deliciously. She said it was very good and the only thing she would change was she wished the steak wasn't as seasoned, but the piece I tried was great! 
For dessert we got creme brule, which was also very delicious.  My taste buds left super happy!
Our bill was $103 before tip. I thought this was a great price considering it was more of an upscale restaurant.  For 2 alcoholic beverages, an appetizer, 2 great meals, and a dessert, I think this price was great! 
I will definitely go back when I visit philly again!I met a friend here for lunch and was disappointed for a bunch of reasons. It was crowded and noisey.  The staff was ok, but not anything special.  I really did not like the menu. It had very few items that were not full of carbs, full of cheese, and full of calories. I like a good meal, but want some healthy options. I couldn't find them at Parc.  I won't go back, and I won't recommend it to my friends.I came through late Tuesday morning on the prowl for eggs. Unfortunately I had just missed morning rush and was seated facing the park-front for an early lunch. It was the usual work crowd with the occasional Rittenhouse passerby, poodle in leash.... I had not anticipated on staying much longer than for a  quick bite, but my server, Christopher's, company was so enjoyable I was easily persuaded to stay longer and enjoy afternoon cocktails on the square. He and his his second in command convinced me to have the croque madame which was absolutely heavenly. This was followed by a series of cocktails (the French Blonde - strong but ladylike, a German white from the Columbia Valley, WA and a fairly new to the menu espresso vodka concoction. Lunch was like therapy on steroids and I look forward to another day of top-notch service at the table to the far right facing out, next Tuesday. :-)Haven't been here for dinner, but I sat at the bar and had an amazing bloody mary, nice and spicy.  Cheese plate was good, and the bar area is really cute and nice to have a drink.Always a go to spot on a beautiful weekend afternoon. Be sure to head there early to put your name in so you can grab yourself La Colombe around the corner and sit in the park until your table is ready. You can't go wrong with anything on this menu but I personally keep coming back each time mainly for the French Onion Soup. It's hand down my favorite French Onion Soup around -- you can't beat it!Parc is definitely worth every bit of 5 Stars!!!  It was date night for my wife and I.  Upon our arrival it was like you stepped into a european bistro!  You kinda forget that your in the city. The staff was very prompt and helpful. The food was absolutely amazing!!  We left happy and very full. We can not wait to bring some friends back with us so they can experience what we did on our visit!
Thanks Parc for making our first visit a memorable one!  I'll recommend you guys to everyone...This place has all the charm of a European restaurant/cafe. I've only been there for the breakfast and brunches, and they are to die for! I've tried almost everything. Even things I wouldn't necessarily like, and ended up falling in love with the food. The wait staff is gracious, never had a problem.AMAZING! This place is a treasure! I had a salmon tartine and it was AMAZING! The bread and the view are fantastic! I had a glass of Chenin blanc and it was great too! The tequila and sorbet floater was delicious! This place is a must!Have eaten breakfast here twice in my two trips to Philly and love, love, love it. The poached eggs with asparagus are amazing. Really feels like Paris. The view of Rittenhouse square is so serene; if it's a good day definitely sit outside! Service is great and efficient. If I lived here, I would eat here at least every week.Every time I go to Philadelphia, I always eat at Parc. The service is great, atmosphere nice, and the food is really good Favorites: warm shrimp salad, creme brûlée.Celebrated my birthday with dinner at Parc with my wife. Our first time there, and the entire experience was just fantastic. The food, divine. The ambience, mesmerizing with its attention to detail, and the hospitality five star without being pretentious. In fact our server, Amy was golden...incredibly knowledgeable, eager to please and warm and friendly. One of the best dining experiences we've had to date in Philly, and one we cannot wait to revisit...3.75 stars.
Because your hollandaise is truly luscious, and properly accented with cayenne pepper. And, your poached eggs are heavenly.Our meal at Parc was as close to perfect as any restaurant experience we had. After a nice day of walking around the city, we were happy to be seated at a two person table in the open air window- perfect for people watching. Our waitress was friendly and prompt and the ambience was eclectic and inviting. For dinner, we split the Macaroni au Gratin, which was superb. I ordered the Steak Frites which was tender and flavorful - a must try. My mom got the Pork Milanese special which she raved about. Overall an excellent dining experience - will be back!The food is solid. It is not an exceptional experience in any sense, but I love that you can sit outside and watch the park during the spring and summer time.Wonderful steak with frites, right cooking and perfect and buttery sauce. great drinks but very noisy during the weekend.From start to finish this place has it together. You are greeted at an amply staffed hostess station and seated promptly. Our request on arrival of a seat in the front room was received with a smile and an immediate evaluation and change up for a beautiful window seat. The wait staff worked together so that no detail was left unnoticed, service was prompt but not rushed, and the efficiency was remarkable despite a packed Friday night crowd. The food was excellent. A perfect presentation of fresh, well prepared food, as described in the menu. 
This restaurant is a perfect example of what can be accomplished when there is good management, and a smart staff that all work together.Parc is one of the best places to visit in Philadelphia, just be sure. It is in a great location and has a very wide menu and choice. I had a mushroom toast, macaroni and cheese, and both were good.Setting transported me to a cleaner version of Paris or Italy. It was nice Sunday morning that turned into afternoon. Food was good, beer was tasty, and service was perfect.My friend and I went on a Sunday afternoon around 3 and it was PACKED.  We sat ended up sitting at the bar because the wait for a table was about 40 minutes.
The French Onion Soup was AMAZING.  I love cheese so it was heaven.  My friend got the yogurt and while it was good, it was a little hard to eat.  All the fruit on top made it hard to eat the fruit with some of the yogurt.  And there was some preserves or jelly like substance in the bottom of the bowl that my friend didn't even realize was there until she was about done.  The salad we got was good to (see photo).  It was just a bit bitter.  We also got the macarons.  Not the best I've had unfortunately.  It was disappointing considering it was a "French" themed place.  I was SURE their macarons were going to be stellar.  Nope, just ok.  
Overall, great place even with a couple of hiccups.  Lovely decor.OK, I'm totally eating my words. I'm going to be honest and say I didn't have high hopes for Parc. Sorry, I know! I'm not a huge fan of the Rittenhouse area seeing as  there are sooo many more beautiful areas of Philly and everything around that way seems to be very overpriced. And so I was expecting to eat at Parc and then have to head to a local pizzeria for an after dinner snack. 
Man was I wrong!
We started with the Charcuterie which was soooo delicious.(Well, we started with wine of course, which was also great!)  And such a large serving, easily shareable for 3-4 people. There was a sort of liver spread that seemed to be mixed with cheese possibly to make a spread. Delicious, My date had the lamb shank and I had the salmon for our mains. Uggg so good. The salmon was cooked so well and was on top of quinoa in some sort of what tasted to just be a pure butter and wine sauce. Amazing. We were so full we couldn't even handle a dessert. (They have beer floats. Interesting!)
They were REALLY great about reseating us after we requested a different table(we were right next to the kitchen at first). I would definitely reccomend Parc. For me it's a bit pricey for just a normal night out but is such a great little date spot. Well done guys!
P.S. We made reservations for dinner the NIGHT OF. There are not many places in the city where that's possible anymore!Stephen Starr does it again. I'm slowly eating my way through Philadelphia, one Starr restaurant at a time.  The interior of this restaurant has a total French bistro vibe (as it was intended obviously). It completely reminds me of this restaurant in Paris I went to. Anyway - bravo on the atmosphere. 
I ordered a Kir Royale, because you drink champagne in a French restaurant. The drinks were priced fairly, comparable to any other trendy restaurant in the city. They bring you a bread basket with soft whipped butter. Too bad I was starving when the brought it. I had to force myself to not eat all the bread. We ordered the escargot as an appetizer because it said "with hazelnut butter" hazelnut butter? YES. I almost drank this. And I dipped the remaining bread from basket in it and it was heaven.  For dinner I opted for the Steak Frites. The butter on top gave it great flavor. The steak itself was cooked properly (medium rare for me) but the outside was tough and made it kind of chewy. Overall, not a tender as I would have hoped but the flavor was great. The French fries could have fed a table of 10. They were hot and crispy shoe string fries - way better than the best McDonalds order you've ever had while hungover. 
There was no room for dessert because of all the bread. But I'll be back because I want to try the duck. And dessert next time.Always a good stop. The wine is rich. The bread is fresh. The dishes are always flavorful. They can afford more vegetarian dishes. However, the staff is accommodating. I love the mushroom tart. Definitely an indulgence, but definitely worth every bite. Perfect spot for birthdays, business meetings, or a casual brunch. I love the ambiance. I love the views. Easily one of my favorite Rittenhouse restaurants.PARC is always my go to place in the neighborhood. Food and service are always outstanding and the view of Rittenhouse Square is delightful.The food is great. I came around 3pm which is in between lunch and dinner so the menu is a little smaller. We ordered the escargot which was extremely rich and buttery. It was probably too rich for me so I am not sure I would get that again any time soon. We also order the French onion soup which my boyfriend really enjoyed. Next we had the mac and cheese which was so cheesy and had a nice crust on top. I think the mac and cheese is a must have. I ordered the roast chicken which had nice crispy skin and came with delicious sauce. It was truly amazing and I usually never order chicken. My boyfriend had the steak frites (but subbed the fries for mashed potatoes). I had a bite and I truthfully didn't love his steak. The mashed potatoes are amazing, definitely a must order. To finish it off we had the chocolate lava cake. We will be back!Just had the BEST shrimp salad I've ever had, anywhere! And the bread and cheeses? Outstanding!Service is amazing.  Live out of state, but will return annually.  Excellent food and ambiance.  If you can sit outside with a view of the park, you really can't beat it.Parc is a staple of Philadephia. It's prime location on Rittenhouse and nice French ambiance inside and out make it worth visiting again and again.  I usually get the warm shrimp salad, which i believe was awarded several michelin stars alone, and good deals include the carafe of house red and the baguettes to go (3 dollars).
Viva la Parc!Parc has one of the most aesthetically pleasing interiors of just about any restaurant in Philadelphia.  The tile, fixtures, lighting - it all works together, making dining here a wonderful experience.  I visited Parc today with a group of girls for brunch.  The service was prompt, courteous, and unobtrusive.  The eggs benedict was outstanding - finally, a restaurant that knows how to properly poach an egg! 
I'd be willing to bet their dinner service/food is just a promising!Came to Philly for a weekend, asked for suggestions and all my in-town friends raved about this gem- they were not lying. While we sat at the bar so we could get a quick in and out, we were still able to have a top notch experience. Our bartender knew how to make a Bloody Mary and made sure to clear the area when something was no longer in use. From the bread basket to the Madam Croquet and roast beef sandwich, everything was delicious. Be sure to grab a cup of coffee before you head out from your boozy brunch.made reservations for dinner here tonight and we were seated at a nice little table next to a window right as we arrived! the service was great and our food came out very promptly. we started with the shrimp cocktail-it was delicious! I had the salmon and ate every bite of it--SO good! my mom had the bolognese and it was great as well!!! we will most definitely be back!!Parc is a superb place to have lunch in the city.  The bread served is spectacular!  I love the cranberry bread.  The butter is excellent!  
Overall, I have never had less than a grade A lunch there.  Everything is great from the quiche to the burgers.
It is a jewel.Food is always good, not excellent. Service is always solid. For some reason, our tables are always AWFUL. It may just be luck of the draw.
Seems to be most popular for breakfast/lunch/brunch. All the egg dishes are of quality. Sides (like sausages) leave much to be desired.
Having lived in France, I view the ambiance and decor as an homage to Paris more than an emulation. In that regard, it's charming. I do wish they would put a bit more effort into making the food truly standout - Parc has the potential to be the Balthazar (in soho, NYC, go there!) of Philly - similar size, theme - but needs to put more emphasis on the quality and preparation of the food to make it exceptional. This is simply a matter of effort, not of creativity, as the dishes they serve are classics.
Out-of-town guests who are not familiar with Paris or NY generally love Parc. Take them for brunch if they are staying the area.I live right across the Square and have been meaning to try Parc for awhile, but every time I pass by it has been so crowded it put me off. I finally found an afternoon and around 2pm the crowd was significantly less. Had a great seat by the window. The service was impeccable and my water/ wine glass was never empty. I had the french onion soup to start. Bread inside lightly crispy still and the onions cooked perfectly, the broth was very flavorful and the cheese was crisp and melted. Dare I say though, that there was too much cheese? Nah never mind there can never be enough cheese. The wine carafe 12 oz was an adequate red blend. The mussels were really out of this world. First of all the portion size was huge! Probably around 24+ mussels, I was very surprised. And super flavorful with herbs, onion and garlic. Certainly some of the best mussels I've had in awhile. I was full to bursting after but had to order the creme brûlée and I'm so happy I did. I am a creme brûlée snob after visiting Paris 10+ times, and can say it is superb and made me feel as if I was back in the City of Love. Above and beyond in every way, Parc, I will definitely be back!The food here is fabulous. That being said, it is an absolute zoo on the weekends. The entire restaurant is filled with pretentious yuppy parents and their children who quite often are too tired to be out so late in a nice restaurant - thus causing quite a commotion much to the chagrin of the other diners. The staff seems overwhelmed on weekends as well - so much so that they are typically found standing around looking lost in all of the confusion. 
I highly recommend checking out Parc, but do so during the week when it's not so crazy. I've been there on midweek evenings and it's been quite lovely, but the weekends are a completely different story.Terrific Eggs Benedict Saturday morning bruch with a view of Rittenhouse Square. The food was so perfect that after our coffee we walked all the way to the waterfront to burn it off. You will not be disappointed at Parc, and the food prices are excellent. I really wanted to try some speciality cocktails - even ordered one, but it never arrived! So sad, but fortunately the bill was correct and I'll be back to give it another chance.Parc is amazing. I have been a fan ever since my first visit a couple of years ago, and I've loved every experience I've had at Parc. The service is great, atmosphere is unbeatable, and the food is impeccable. I have been there for breakfast/brunch, lunch, and dinner, but I would recommend going for brunch if it's your first time going. The eggs Norwegian is my personal favorite, but honestly, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu.Great to eat for breakfast, lunch, and dinner! Lots of outdoor seating with beautiful views of Rittenhouse Square Park!Perfection.  Everything is right about this place from the fresh baked breads to the WCs.  It's a mini-vacation.  We keep comparing every french dining experience to this one.  It's still unbeaten.We came for a late brunch today and, although this is still one of the best brunch venues in Philadelphia, it does somewhat pale in comparison to Balthazar.  My egg white with ratatouille omelet was very good, with a savory filling and fluffy, buttery egg.  I asked for mixed greens instead of the roasted potatoes, and they came dressed in nice, light lemon and oil vinaigrette.  The steak and eggs plates looked good, but I did notice that they had a tendency to overcook the steak.  Two of my friends asked for medium rare and their steaks looked like they were cooked to a medium well.  Service was solid, although our waitress looked somewhat frantic throughout the meal.  The bread basket is still a tried and true staple, and I would definitely recommend the cranberry walnut bread.  Try it with butter and a smear of the jam!Great food and service!!!! Loved everything. Wait is long but if you're staying in the area just put your name down and walk around for a while!An absolute fan of Parc for its food, atmosphere whether indoor or out, with friends or a date - anytime of year. Love!I enjoy this place even if it's not the best french food around. The atmosphere is great and the food is of good quality.As close to a Paris Bistro as we are going to get in the states.  I'm going to be dreaming about coming back for a while.  Really really good.
In what ways? Service is outstanding.  Not only the waiter but floor manager who topped off water and even got us a bowl of milk (unprompted!) for our picky son who was eating cereal.
As for the rest of us, the French onion soup, Mac n cheese and lamb loin were big big hits.  So were the bread pudding and chocolate torte desserts.  
Great atmosphere too.  And you can sit on the park too.  
Will definitely come back on my next visit.Avocado/Crab appetizer was really good and actually had a decent amount of crab. The coffee drinks are also tasty here. Good view of the park from outside seating.Excellent food, service and ambience. Felt like being in Europe but with more space. And the bread is to die for. Will stop and get a few loaves before heading home.I've been to parc before multiple times but this time it was after a couple years and to my surprise the menu was pretty much the same! Not a bad thing if you do really good food! The lunch was good, started with French onion soup and charcuterie plate and cocktails! Drinks were a little watered down but still tasted great! We got chicken club, pasta Bolognese and chicken pillard salad. Sandwich was good, pasta was amazing ( really well cooked and the sauce was very well seasoned) and the chicken was under seasoned ( like no salt on it) and salad and butter sauce made the plate greasy to eat ( prob skip the chicken next time) Over all sitting out looking at rittenhouse square park on a nice day is a great plus with this place!So worth the price and wait! The bread they give you is amazingggg! I've been there for brunch on several occasions and always great. The service is awesome as well. I've never been there for dinner, but would like to try it because their brunch is great! Check it out!Wow, what a disappointment.  I went to Parc for the first time to celebrate my wedding anniversary, thinking it would be a very special place.
The location was great, the atmosphere was OK - really loud inside - but OK, no problem.  Our starters were excellent - the salade verte had some of the freshest greens I've ever eaten, and my husband's crab cake with aioli was delicious.  The first tap beer I tested was warm, but I got a different one, and that was fine.
But then came the main course - bouillabaisse for both of us. Having just had an absolutely exquisite bouillabaisse at a restaurant called Montarra outside Chicago last month - my mouth was watering at the thought of another fabulous seafood stew.
I was so sad at the first bite of Parc's version of a bouillabaisse - it was terrible.  It was the saltiest meal I've ever had, bar none.  And the shrimp were overcooked. Even if it were not too salty, there was nothing delicate or interesting about the flavor - it tasted like it came from a can.  I can't image what chef could taste that seafood stew and say "that's edible, let's serve it"  
I told the staff and would have thought at the least they would have offered both me and my husband a free dessert or after-dinner drink, but nothing.  $140 for disappointment on my anniversary.  I will never go back and I will never recommend this place.We went for brunch on a sunny day. The food was amazing. Their bread basket was incredible! We sat outside, and they've got heaters, which I love! The service was fantastic. There's a bit of a push to Up Sell, as in 'buy a Bottle' if you order a glass of ANYTHING that can be sold by the bottle, which I'm not to keen on, but I guess if you're a drinker it makes sense... anyway, regardless of that, it's an amazing place with a lovely atmosphere and good service, and their food is absolutely awesome!My husband and I had a date night here last week. We loved the atmosphere and the experience. 
Appetizers:
We decided to order an order of escargot (my first time trying it) and the mushroom tart. The escargot reminded me of chewing into a mushroom soaked in garlic and butter. It was hard not to like, although it was too rich for me to eat more than two. The escargot came with some crostini as well. The mushroom tart was so flaky and delicious. I would order it again if I returned for another dinner. 
Entree:
I ordered the salmon Provençal which was a lovely piece of fish with a caramelized crust, lentils, and veggies. The flavors were well-balanced and I ate the whole dish happily. The portion was enough for one person to be full and satisfied.
My husband ordered the prime rib special. It came with horseradish and mashed potatoes. The prime rib was juicy, but we both liked the salmon better.I just absolutely love brunches at Parc. I personally like sitting inside because I think the interior design is fairly interesting. I had Nicoise salad again and my friend had the Tuna tataki. First, I can never go wrong with the Nicoise salad. However, the Tuna tataki was a miss because it was too salty and we just have had it better elsewhere.
However, I got a bottle of champagne to celebrate my bday and the handsome waiter totally gave us the perfect recommendation and everything was so wonderful as usual. I tried their creme brulee this time and it was also very good... Can't wait to return soon!My favorite spot for French food. Great atmosphere although it can be noisy at times. Food is always excellent -- be sure to try the mussels.We had our Wedding Rehearsal Dinner here on Friday 6/17/16. It was amazing! I think their prefixed menu was one of the best values in all of our wedding planning. They accommodated our large group (30 people) over several tables that were ready right on time for the reservation. The manager introduced himself and made sure we had everything we needed. The waitstaff was super helpful and friendly, and we didn't feel rushed at all. Our guests raved about the food and the intimate, romantic atmosphere. It's not a private room so I had been worried about it being loud, but noise level wasn't a problem. It was a nice night and the doors on Locust Street were open. 
We are so happy that we chose Parc, and are very grateful for all of the accommodations they gave us. We'd recommend to anyone!Went here with my gf and another couple for NYE and had a good time. The atmosphere was outstanding. It was crowded but not so crowded that you felt it. We had were seated at 8:45 with 9:15 reservations which was a little disappointing because I wanted to have a pre-dinner drink at the bar, but I can't really complain about being seated early.
The service was great. Never had to wait for refills or clearing. I started with the Onion Soup which was good but nothing special. My gf had 1/2 dozen oysters on the half shell, which I helped her with. The oysters were good, but a little cloudy.
For the entree I had the Steak au Poivre and it was excellent. Well-peppered and really tender. My gf had the beef stroganoff, which is her favorite and you don't see on too many menus. I had a taste and it was nothing like the stroganoff my mom made growing up...it was so much better.
Desert was bread pudding which was outstanding. The other couple seemed to really enjoy their food as well.
I would recommend a visit to Parc.Parc restaurant has a lot of very high and flattering reviews, which is why I chose to dine there. I'm not a Philly local, and was in town for business, so I highly depend on Yelp reviews in making my dinner decisions. I ordered the Lamb, which ran about $30 dollars. To me, the lamb was very "gamey" and something was just off about it. My coworker ordered the chicken and absolutely loved it. I tried sample of his and I completely agree - looks like I just made a bad decision. The staff were very friendly and its a beautiful location. I the three stars indicate a "meh" status for me, based on the bad taste (literally) that was left in my mouth from the lamb.Great spot for Sunday brunch! Started with a delicious Bloody Mary while enjoying their awesome bread basket. Chicken Club was good and the shoestring fries steal the show! Omelettes are huge so be prepared. Bartender Jeff kept us entertained the whole meal.Delicious and consistent French bistro. Starr has hit a home run with this Rittenhouse Square hot spot. Their Salade Lyonnaise and French Onion Soup are the two items not to be missed. The Tuna Carpaccio and Steak Frites are also stand outs. The enormous space is meticulously decorated giving you the full Parisian bistro dining experience, though it can get loud when busy and starts to feel like you're on a Disney movie set if you stay too long. The attentive wait staff are equally detail oriented and pleased to serve their delicious selection of breads at the beginning of each meal. Brunch is quite the scene and for good reason; be sure to enjoy the outdoor tables facing the square when the weather gets nice, but be ready for a wait -- good news is they'll text you when your table is ready. Waiting is a perfect excuse to enjoy one of the best Bloody Marys you'll ever have at their giant wrap around bar.A delicious and delightful bit of France right of of Rittenhouse Square in the heart of Philadelphia. The atmosphere is awesome and worth the trek to this huge bistro offering a wonderful selection of food and drink with a Parisian flare. And don't miss the bathrooms which are fabulous too! The entrees were great but I think the bread was the biggest hit. Topped off with great desserts and service. Voilà.Popular, but busy and noisy with merely okay food. The sevice was the most irritating. We reserved weeks ahead of time, and when we arrived early, we were asked to wait so we could get a good seat. Our reservation arrived and we got seated next to a service area. We asked for something else, but the only other seats we equally mediocre. The severs themselves were helpful, and the food - I had the mushroom tart and the scallops - was good to okay, respectively.It was a gently warm lunchtime, we had a pavement table and the company was one of my favorite people. All I needed was a really good meal to finish this picture of contentment and Parc delivered it.
The server was friendly, funny, attentive and knowledgeable, the food arrived in good time and it was delicious. The onion soup was as good as I ever had in my 10 years living in France and the spinach raviolis were delicate yet tasty. I regretted not ordering dessert as my friend tucked into his, it made me homesick. Still, I'll be back in France tomorrow and Parc is definitely on my lunchtime list for my next visit to Philly.This is about the only Starr restaurant I can get myself going to.  I have come for lunch and dinner and return to it.  I just can't get into the other Starr restaurants.  I am close to Pod, but I feel like I'm no the set of Mork and Mindy and hanging out with guys from the AV club in high school when I go to Pod.  Buddhakhan is OK, but when it comes to Asian food, I prefer authentic greasy spoon places.  Parc is different.  It might be a bit noisy, but there is a back section that is quieter.  The food is OK.  It's not great and there are other places that does each individual thing on Parc's menu better.  There is a better place to get a cheese plate.  There is a better place to get a Charcuterie plate, thye just might call it something else, like from the Salumeria.  There is a better place to get a big Fruit de Mer Crustacean plate (although I don't know since Oceannaire closed).  MeMe does Pate better.  Tria and Rouge do wine better.  There are one or two places that do the food a little (or some cases a lot better).  I have had various things for lunch and recently had the Bronzino for dinner.  It was Salty and really took away from the mild flavor of the fish.  My wife had the Steak Frites and I think they took the toughest part of the cow.    Service is usually good, I can't complain.  I don't like servers though, who try to push a certain wine when I order a specific kind.  I am not a wine snob, but I know what I like, and if you can't pronounce the region or the chateau the wine is from, I have second thoughts on taking a wine recommendation from you.  So anyway, in typical form,  everybody does it better than Parc.  BUT, what they do not do, is marry it together as well as Starr has at Parc.  The food, the wine, and first courses of cheese and preserved meats are put together in an atmosphere right in from the Rittenhouse Park, and makes it worth going to.  It's an experience and it's OK.  Not great, and if all it is that you are looking for is great food, there are so many better places.  but if you are looking for OK food but a better time out, then Parc works.  Try starting out with drinks (they have a mean Martini) getting some starters and a good bottle of wine, then turn the corner and go to Prime Rib or across the street to Smith and Wollensky for a great dinner, and then go anywhere you want for dessert.  Naked Chocolate, Max Brenner, or Capo Giro come to mind.  after you are done, I remember Tria having a pretty good Port to finish of the night.   This is a great place to start the night with good drinks and starters.  PS, make reservations on open table before you go and make comments to the Maitre D' about where you would like to sitLet me preface this review by saying that if Parc was about 20% cheaper, I would have rated it 5 stars.  But, when menu prices increase, you expect more out of a restaurant.  
I went to Parc with my girlfriend and we started off with the Onion soup.  I loved it, my girlfriend thought it was a little too salty.  
For our Entrees, she had the Beef Bourgenion (sp?) and I had the Pasta Bolognese.  The pasta was ok (it's really my fault for expecting a good pasta dish from a 'french' restaurant) and my girlfried was happy with her entree.  For dessert, we had the bread pudding, which was, to be honest, kind of awful.  
Service was average, which is perfectly adequate, especially for a busy restaurant.  The ambiance was also nice, albeit a bit loud.  the views of rittenhouse are really nice.   
I would recommend going once, especially during the daytime, but I don't think this is a place you'll come back to.It's got everything.  Great service, ambiance, and food.  It's a beautiful restaurant on Rittenhouse Square.  It's a must stop for visitors like me.Bread basket was delicious.
The Warm Shrimp Salad was great, although I wish the avocado was pre-cut into small pieces rather than being one giant slice.
I ordered the entree of the day, the bouillabaisse. The seafood was fresh and well-prepared, not overcooked, and tasted good (which is essential given that most bouillabaisses are overcooked). The stew was a bit too heart/salty for my liking... I think due to too much tomato in the stock or something along those lines.Marcel Proust, in 'A La Recherche du Temps Perdu' once suggested that it is a mistake to visit [and recreate the past]. This feeling was a backdrop for our most recent visit [May 12th] on the occasion of our son's graduation from Temple University. It didn't start out well. We had changed our original reservation from 7pm to 6:30pm, but, helas, it got lost in cyber ether.
However, once we were seated, and in the most capable hands of Lawrie [our waitress, wine & food consultant, humorist, humanist] the evening was exquisitely redeemed. Thanks to Lawrie and the Parc for yer another memorable dining experience...had Proust known about the restaurant he might have written a very different novel..Came here because a few friends were raving about how great the place was. The ambiance was great but when it came to the food, i would say my fave would be the meat platter. But i ordered the duck confit and trout amandine. the trout had tooo much of a lemon flavor and was a bit much for me and the duck was great if it the meat was more tender and not as salty. all in all great service, but most likely will not be my first pick to come back.My wife and I have been here twice for dinner.  This time we had the Macaroni au Gratin for appetizer, which was supplemented by their delicious bread.  For our entrees we had the Rabbit Papardelle and the 1/2 Roast Chicken.  The papardelle was made perfectly, and my only complaint was that there was not enough rabbit.  Dinner with drinks and a cappuccino was very reasonably priced.  The location (Rittenhouse Square) was great for walking off our dinner afterwards.  We will certainly be back for a third time.Expensive but the food is good.  The atmosphere is different from most other places in Philly.  A bit pretentious and a copy to Balthazar in NYC but I guess whatever brings in the people and dough.I love this place! Went for brunch with my friend its got a great view and the food was absolutely delicious. Servers were also very gracious and accommodating. Would definitely recommend coming here, its such a classy place!Ate here Wed 18 Mar 2015
We both ordered Lobster Risotto, the plat du jour at $34 each. 
Risotto was not done well: rice was hard and gritty--not smooth and unctuous like it is supposed to be. Portion was scant. 
Perhaps it was a bad night. Will try again. 
First time here in about a year....was it just me or have the prices absolutely skyrocketed? The two risottos, a side of pommes frites, a split appetizer and no wine came to $96!I was so excited to walk up to Parc, have a seat outside - a meal and a nice drink.  However - when they brought my water (no ice?)  It's warm out, who wants water with (no ice?).  
My iced tea had 2 cubes (2 more than the water).  I had the omlette - it was fair, a bit too much cheese for me, but overall good.  My husband had the shrimp and pasta and said it was good.  We sat on the Locust Street side which was not as nice as the 18th Street side.
Overall I would go back, but probably just for drinks (and I would ask for ice this time).So many amazing things to say about this restaurant. I've been here a handful of times and was never disappointed. I salivate over the trout amandine entree. First bite and you involuntarily close your eyes and savor it. Ugh. :)
Most recently, my boyfriend took me here for my birthday dinner. He had never been, but had left impressed by their smooth Pernod absinthe and steak tartare he ordered. 
Servers are very attentive and knowledgeable of the menu. Don't be afraid to ask questions as they are helpful in providing all the details you need.Really great service food and wine. Try the warm shrimp salad. mushroom tort ap is awsomeCame here for a Valentines Day (after) date and was happily impressed. Being obsessed with all things Parisien and French, I was gladly taken to a typical Paris cafe through the design of Parc. 
Started off with a hot cider and brandy before dinner. Warm and fuzzy inside. 
Escargot and warm shrimp salad to start. Escargot was so buttery and salty, it just had to be good. Dipped my baguette in that sauce a few times. The warm shrimp salad had a nice dressing, some twist on thousand island and the shrimp was cooked perfectly. 
For entrees, I went with the Salmon en croute, while the date chose the duck. Both were mouth-watering. 
For a "Midnight in Paris" type of night when you can't leave Philly, this is the perfect spot to try.This was our second visit to Parc (2/21/14), and I have to say it was even better than our first! Amazing food, great ambiance, and awesome service. Their menu includes a large assortment of French classics, and being one of Stephen Starr's many restaurants; they really know how to make it feel individualized, almost as if it was a privately owned bistro in France. Can't wait to go back!Parc is my go-to restaurant when I want solid Parisian food. The menu is somewhat limited and the food is executed very well, but I wish there were a few more rotating options (After 5+ visits, I became a bit bored). Still, I love the steak frites for an entire and pot de creme for dessert. The complementary assortment of bread served is phenomenal. 
I love dining outdoors when the weather permits, and the indoor seating isn't too bad, as long as you're not stuck by the bathroom (which happens a lot if you're a party of two).I've eaten here twice and both times, the service was excellent. The servers were attentive and friendly. It may have been due to the odd circumstances of a young 20-something eating alone on a Monday night and Sunday afternoon...but regardless, they were very helpful and did not give me the judgmental looks I was sure to have warranted.
The steak tartare was great. I'd been dying to find some duck confit in Philly (with friends in SF who are serious Francophiles), and having had decent experiences with Starr restaurants in the past, I was happy to learn that it was on Parc's menu. The skin was amazingly crisp and the meat was so tender - texture-wise, a total hit. However, I felt that it was a little over-salted and wasn't really understanding the "winter spice" as it was described on the menu. The chanterelles on the side were okay, provided a good amount of acidity to cut through the richness of the duck. I'm not a fan of lentils so I can't really say anything on that end. The pot de creme was delicious, rich and creamy.
The second time I was there was post-dance class, and my server was very helpful when I asked him for something light, but high in protein, and NOT a salad. The lamb sandwich was decent, loved the aioli. However, the crust on the bread was a little tough, but that's easy enough to overlook.
And I must say that the cranberry-walnut bread that comes in the bread basket is divine.
Next time I go, I'm going for either the beef bourguignon or the spaghetti bolognese. Mmmm!
I had also skimmed over some other reviewers drawing comparisons to Balthazar's in NY, but Parc definitely wins in terms of atmosphere - much less frenzied and with decent space between the tables.The food was so-so, very expensive. My steak was too dry when I asked for it to be more on the rare side.I eat here 2-3 times a week. It's so consistently excellent, I love the staff, and the atmosphereParc is a big, busy place.  Great location for people watching, especially if you get a table outside.  Had brunch and enjoyed it.  The eggs Norwegian was excellent.  The nicoise salad was good but small for the price.  Service was solid and friendly.  Overall it's good food that's a bit expensive for what you get but you can't beat the location.My first time in Philly and so glad we found this place!  Great vibe and ambiance.  I ordered the beet salad and trout main dish and both were very good.  Others at my table got steaks and they raved about them!
It is a bit noisy so not sure this would be a good date place, but awesome for business.  Service was great to start, then he kind of disappeared on us.  But overall I would go back.The bartenders were very attentive & knowledgeable about the wines & food and my appetizer & glass was delicious. It was much more expensive then I was expecting. Before tip my total was just about $40. Also while sitting there the fire alarm went off 3 times. It was obnoxious & I would hate it if I was there for a nice date & being scared by the alarm over & over. Would probably not go back.Absolutely phenomenal bistro. Beautifully decorated, great alcohol selection, knowledgeable staff, etc. I had a house salad with the NY Strip as my main course with a side of spinach. It was cooked to a perfect medium rare and was very flavorful. For dessert I tried the cranberry orange sorbet which left a little to be desired. 
Overall 5/5 and I will return.Had rabbit for the first time, amazing, highly recommended. We sat outside by the street and Robert Irvine walked by and I shook his hand, very cool dinner and location next to the park.Excellent example of a Parisian bistro. The service was was attentive and the cheese plate quite good. I recommend the escargot to start.First of all, Philly is simply a great place to walk around. Then I found Parc right across the park close to my hotel. Made reservations and treated my staff to a nice dinner. The braised duck leg I must say was divine! Great atmosphere, service and the crowd was upscale and interesting. A gem of a restaurant. I'll be back in my next visit!i have been here a few times and i have mixed feelings. 
I had brunch here a couple of times and i loved them. (I had salmon benedict. very tasty)
However when i visited here for dinner, every plates were very salty. 
I usually don't drink water much but i had 2 full glasses of water. 
If I have to visit here again, i am def. going to ask if they can put less salt in all dish.First off, their bread basket is awesome. They have a home made butter and jam combo that goes so well with the vareity of bread options. Their dishes are delicious and I got enkoy their outside seating...it makes you feel like you're sitting on a street in Paris.I went to Parc Wednesday night with two friends. Full disclosure, two of us are over 40 and one is 32. When we walked in there was nobody waiting in line or speaking to the 4 people working the entrance. Since we did not have a reservation I put my name in and was told I would receive a text in about 20 minutes. We did notice while at the bar that there were at least 10 open tables. Our bartender was fast to give us excellent service and the tap beer (Stella) was cold and clean. Before I could put a dent in the beer I was approached and asked if we wanted to sit. That took only 10 minutes. So we sit down with our drinks and start chatting. The music was good but a little bit too loud. Also the place is all tile so there is an echo situation which makes it hard to hear when the place is crowded. Our waiter was excellent. He was attentive and knowledgable. The water never got half way in my glass before it was refilled. I could see that the manager checked on us out of the corner of his eye at least 5 times. The food came out on time and was delicious. We ordered the Charcuterie with three cheeses. The bread, meats and cheese were delicious. Nothing was left on the plates. I then ordered the special for that day, Lobster Risotto. It was perfect. The lobster was cooked just right. Not too chewy, very flavorful. The risotto was perfect. My friends had steaks that were also perfect. For desert I ordered the apple tarte tatin. It was really good with a scoop of vanilla ice cream on top. 
Over all my experience was just excellent. The food was great. The only negative was the loudness of the place. It was a little difficult to hear each other.A great place for celebrations, when you're feeling like classing it up and being a little more fancy. Philadelphians can't eat cheese steaks every night.
Parc was the first place I've ever ordered escargot, and now I'm a fan- anything served with bread and covered in butter has to be good.
Order the champagne, sit outside, and watch people in Rittenhouse. Can't go wrong.Simple formula for having fun at Parc: Sit outside, order a nice cold cocktail, watch people, repeat.
Service is very good, havent' yet eaten there, drink selection is above average, and location is great.
Probably the best outdoor space in Rittenhouse.Considering that I've been coming to this place several times a week for more than the past year now, I owe it a re-review.  To its credit, Parc fixed the dishwasher problem that had been plaguing it.  Out of my hundreds of visits since our first tentative return, I think we've had a soapy-residue glassware problem maybe once, which is well below the margin of error for any establishment.  So well done, Parc.  
Management seems to be much more on the ball these days, and Parc is obviously thriving; the people-watching here is about as good as it gets in Philly.   I'm just a barfly here, so I can't really comment on the sit-down dining experience, but the bar is always on point.  Food, when I do have it, is good and consistent -- very accessible and not terribly overpriced.  
I'm happy to say that Parc has once again become one of my neighborhood haunts of choice.  A solid bet in Rittenhouse Square.I was in town for a holiday weekend and started the trip just right.  We walked our way over for drinks as the night progressed and this is a nice spot to hang out with friends and get a good cocktail.
We came back later in the weekend for a brunch and have to say very nice!
I started with a bloody mary that had just the right amount of kick and we ordered the spinach ravioli, beet salad and pomme frites.
The ravioli was cooked just right and the tomatoes in the sauce were sweet and savory.  The beet salad was refreshing and the marscapone was creamy.  The pomme frites were salted to perfection and cut so thin you couldn't resist going back for more.  
Overall a great place to gather with friends for drinks or food...or both!
Service was great and the enviorment was friendly.The food was good, however the service was terrible.  Why pay such high prices for such terrible service?   I decided to skip this place from now on.  I did complain to the management, but they could have cared less.  So I would have to say skip Parc completely and find a better restaurant that actually gives you the service you deserve.
SKIP.Maybe I should give this place the benefit of the doubt but to be honest I wasn't a fan. It's def a through and through a French restaurant. Great location right by the park. But the food was way overpriced for the what we got. I got quiche and you'd think you can't go wrong with it. It's a pretty straightforward dish. Well it felt runny and not cooked all the way through. I wish they described what the dishes consisted of for ALL the dishes. They only had couple descriptions listed on the menu. But like I said maybe I should give this place the benefit of the doubt. Not going back anytime soon though.On the suggestion of my neighbor in NYC, my husband and I decided to try Parc while we were in town celebrating our anniversary.  It is a classic French bistro offering classic French staples such as onion soup, mussels, escargot, etc.  We didn't have high expectations as the prior evening were disappointed by another restaurant. However we were very pleasantly surprised by the attentive wait service and delicious food.  This is not a restaurant for cutting edge dishes but it does French food excellently.  We ordered the small platter of seafood to start, onion soup, ricotta ravioli, lamb shank and spinach.  The seafood platter alone took up most of our stomach and as much as we wanted to devour the rest of our dishes we barely made a dent in them.  Thats not to say they weren't delicious.  They were all perfectly cooked and seasoned.  We simply misjudged the size of the platter and our small stomachs.  Overall this dining experience was excellent and although on the pricey side, was worthwhile.  I gave it 4 out of 5 stars because i tend to reserve 5 for the super fine dining establishments that are completely over the top and cost you a month's pay.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for excellent french staples.Very nice atmosphere, expensive every time but the atmosphere is what you pay for. The macaroni gratin, the French onion soup and the country sandwich are great. The basil and cucumber cocktail is very refreshing and tasty. I've been here five or six times now when visiting a city filled with restaurants; they've got me coming back for something! 
The only bad thing I have to say about Parc is they can be a little uppity. Over the summer I wanted to have dessert and coffee here with my bf mid day and was almost turned away. It was not busy but we didnt want to sit in the heat at their outside tables. The hostess acted like she was doing us a favor by seating us inside in a corner next to two employees tasting new wines.Parc is an absolute necessity if you're ever in the Rittenhouse area in Philly. The French toast and cranberry baked bread were decadent and the Norwegian Eggs Benny was the best I have ever tasted, bar none! Our server Margi was friendly, knowledgeable and very easy on the eyes. My only regret was missing out on this gem during my previous stays in the city of brotherly love!Ah.  Finally, a really beautiful French bistro in our fair city.  I love Pastis, but it's a long trip to NYC for a little Philly girl to experience Paris on this side of the world.  Of course, it would have to be a Starr operation!
I am about the total experience.  The tabacco stained ceilings and the beautiful mosaic tiling in the loo are perfection.  A movie set designer created the space and it shows.  We are just missing the cigarette smoke!  
There are four different experiences to be had at this one restaurant:
sit down dinner, a "to be seen" lunch, chill breakfast, and the cocktail crush.
I received an email about the opening night to the public and made my reservation.  We were seated next to Mayor Nutter.  (C'mon, give a girl a break- that's all the excitement we get sometimes).  The menu has since been tweaked, but the omelet was devine perfection- fluffy, yellow happiness!   I would have never ordered it for dinner, but my dining companion declared it the perfect thing.   The bread was the best I have had in the city.  We had a ridiculously large serving of  pate which may or may not be on the menu now.  Everything was very good.
I have since returned for lunch twice.   Chicken paillard in a lemony, caper butter sauce.   Salad the other time.  Once inside, once on the sidewalk.  The "show" was out of control on the sidewalk cafe.  Lots of shiny, big jewels and fancy sunglasses.  I'm not sure I was cool enough for it!
I have had breakfast here during the week.  Pan au chocolat.  Fresh berries.   This is a great hide-a-way if you need a beautiful space to rest and read your newspapers.  Moms with sleeping babies.  Business men chatting about who knows what at 10 am.   I know, I know- who really can get away during the busy work week?  But, perfect for a mini vacation from life.   A very different experience from the night time crowds.
If you get to the bar for true happy hour - like 5:30 pm- you can get a space.  Otherwise, it is noisy and CROWDED.   My friends and I have battled for bar space on a Friday night and had drinks and snacks.  Bar staff is always attentive.
Service is always amenable.   The servers are professionals and it shows.   I suppose that they could have pulled attitude because of their popularity, but they don't and that is why I return.4 times in 5 days...beat that!
Parc is by far my most favorite restaurant in Philly!
Prices are a bit steep but after you taste the food you've ordered, it is well worth the money.
LOBSTER AMERICANE = LOVE
Chef Michael Apt knows what he is doing with that dish!
Recommend the mimosa to start with, the gruyere omelet for breakfast and the Lobster Americane on Wednesday nights!
If ever I make it back to Philly I am absolutely, positively stopping in at Parc!Really great food. One of the betterfrench restaurants in the city! Great roasted chicken and the mashed potatoes are to die for!!! Beautiful outside dining facing rittenhouse park. Will be back.I've been to parc too many times to count and it's always absolutely fantastic. No secret as to why this place is always so busy. Highly recommended.Very cute place to eat. .. food was OK .. We went here for brunch. Nothing spectacular or unique about the food. Drinks were good. Overall it's a nice place but a bit overpricedI came here with 8 ladies and 4 babies, and they were so accommodating and helpful!  They did everything possible to make our experience as great as possible, and the food was wonderful. Our waiter was exceptional!Very nice atmosphere, nice tables outside along the sidewalk and inside looking out, plus a very large seating area inside which is nice in its own right. I generally echo the food reviews, and the service from our waitress, Tiffany, was excellent in all respects.Parc is a really nice setting for a meal, and an excellent location to sit outdoors. The food is pretty good, the lobster tartine was a nice way to start. The frites with my steak frite were excellent, but the steak was cooked well done when I ordered medium rare. 
For a place with a large staff to customer ratio, the service is not good at all. Our initial drink order took 20 minutes to receive, and it wasn't busy at all. The second drink order took so long that I had track down the waitress and cancel the order. 
We didn't bother getting dessert.My experiences at Parc have only been positive.  The brunch today was excellent.  We were not expecting a wait, but the 20 minutes quoted was spot on, unlike some places where 20 minutes really means 45.  During our wait we sat at the bar and were served our drinks in an efficient manner.  
Once seated at our table, our server took good care of us.  He was very pleasant, made us smile, and took special care to keep our soda and water glasses full as we had jokingly commented to him we were in recovery mode from a party night before.  
Today I ordered the poached eggs with asparagus/mushroom.  Although the portion was on the small side (I was expecting large asparagus pieces but got only a little diced asparagus), the taste was excellent.   It seems like a small thing, but I really like the starter bread basket...provides something to munch on while waiting...and the crusty nut and fruit/(raisin/cranberry?) bread is very tasty...just sweet enough.  
The best part about today was the Quiche Lorraine that my girlfriend ordered.  There was enough for me to share.  Everything about the quiche was tasty...flaky crust, crispy/bacony top crust, creamy egg, cheese, onion yumminess inside.  I felt I was tasting quiche for the first time, and it was wonderful!  On prior visits, I've enjoyed a sea scallops dinner entree and the standard cheeseburger..both good.  
Based on the superb service today and other times, as well as the consistently tasty and well-prepared dishes, I highly recommend Parc.Good food, but my favorite part is the people watching around rittenhouse square when you're seated outside!The food here is good, but the experience is better. This feels like a french restaurant with the interior design and the outdoor seating that faces Rittenhouse Sq. This is a great brunch spot! I love coming here and look forward to my next visit!I walk by this place everyday to and from work. They always seem to be busy and I have heard good things about it. My coworkers and I were invited to lunch here today so today was the day to try it for the first time.
First impression = hostesses were nice and welcomed us with a smile. The building has character...totally not what I expected but it's ok. It just looked a little more "older" than I had thought it would. Anyways, we had a table waiting for us which was nice. Our server was very friendly and accommodating. Just like Le Chéri at the Art Alliance, this place seems to be the spot for some of Philly's notable figures. We ran into a few while we were there. 
Everything sounded delicious...I was torn between the Warm Shrimp Salad or the Baguette Provençale. I opted for the sandwich...the salami sold me. My boss ended up getting the salad and it looked amazing. Some other orders that looked amazing were the French Onion Soup, Salade Lyonnaise, and the Smoked Salmon Tartine. They all looked amazing and satisfied everyone who ordered them. One of my coworkers was obsessed with the beautiful bread basket. I only had a bite of their baguette with butter...but it was yum. 
The Baguette Provençale was good...salty with salami, mini pickles and olives. Yumm...but the mustard dressing on it made it special. We all finished our meals with some coffee, Vietnamese coffee, and espressos. Overall, my first experience was pleasant. I would like to try some of the other items on their menu soon.A little overpriced but the food is delicious. The steak frites, beef bourgignon, cheese plate and foie gras are favorites. Have ordered them over the years and it has been consistently delactable. I have only been here for dinner, which is busy but the atmosphere is great.I've been here several times and I always enjoy it.  Most recently my husband and I went here for a late lunch/early dinner and to enjoy the fleeting afternoon sunshine.  
We had to wait about thirty minutes and gave our number to the outside host.  A man with two cocker spaniels walked in without a reservation and was seated before us, as was another couple who inquired about getting a table but we were seated shortly after.  
We had rather annoying groups to both our left and right (at the small bistro tables perfect for two).  Three women on our left weren't as bad as the group of three that grew awkwardly to six.  It's crowded and I found it highly irritating that they kept adding people to their group and stuffing dirty ten dollar bills in the waitstaff's hands like they were at a strip club.  
Ambiance aside we were happy to enjoy the weather and people watch.  We got several cocktails, oysters, salad, soup, and a hamburger.  We were headed to see Iggy Pop/Josh Homme at the Kimmel Center and didn't want to eat too big of a dinner.
Kerry L was our server, she did a solid job.  Our cocktails and food all arrived in a satisfactory time frame. 
I always like the Rittenhouse Square area when visiting Philly.  Will be back I am sure.  Total for two before tip was $ 134, after was $ 164.I've had two completely different experiences at Parc.  The first one was with a large group that waited 45 minutes before the waiter actually asked for ANY orders....then 3 hours later we were finished (we didn't WANT to dine Euro style.)  I had the lobster and it was delicious, but I'm just accustomed to The Palm lobster experience.  The french onion soup was divine and VERY filling.  It was swimming in bread (or vice a versa I guess.)  
My second experience was with 3 other people, and we had a pleasant waitress, some absinthe (definitely worth a try if you like black licorice flavor), well-timed meals, delicious cured meat appetizers and liver.  Pac is definitely worth a look if you like French.
The decor: so authentic looking.  Right down to the naked lady pictures in the men's room (which I guess would make this a less desirable Restaurant for children, though I do not withdraw my "good for kids" vote.)  There was a very widely mixed crowd from friends and families to debutantes and dbags.   I wouldn't say it's romantic because it's large and loud, but it's good for a date.
p.s.(tangent) I am not a big French cuisine fan because I feel it's like 'standard' food.  No frills, but cooked exactly how it should be.  It's like a baseline for good food.  THEN you move up to interesting cuisine which is usually something you'd never think to make for yourself at home.  Unlike Steak and fries "frites" which you can get at Parc....or at home...either one...My wife and I picked Parc for a recent lunch, based on our destination in town and recommendations from friends.  We had a great time...though it wasn't all about the food.  
Parc is upscale (both in terms of clientele and pricing), high energy (noisy), clean, nicely decorated, has great wash rooms, and the kind of service we like-- staff were friendly but professional (unlike many places where the wait staff introduce themselves and explain that they will be our waiter for the day...as if we are there for personal interaction and have to be clued-in to what is about to happen).
Since it was our first visit, we ordered more things than we normally would. Started with the onion and wild mushroom soups--both were large portions and served hot (everything arrived at the optimal temperature...on heated plates if appropriate)....we preferred the mushroom.
My wife had the salmon and liked it very much...and she's a big salmon fan so that's saying something.  I had the steak and fries...a huge portion of flavorful meat cooked to perfection accompanied by a mound of fries that were crisp, tasty, and freshly made.  The meat had great flavor, but was a bit "chewy" which you have to expect with that cut.
We drank two chardonnays and two beers...both imported and tasty.
We finished with the profiteroles and cappuccinos.  Both were superb--home made ice-cream, in freshly made pastry puffs with house made semi-sweet chocolate topping....YUM!
Our waiter (Kurt) was informed, friendly, and attentive without being intrusive.  He made good recommendations and kept things flowing gently along.  I'll put up a photo of him so you can try him yourself if you wish.
Total cost less tip was $132  
We loved the place---but at that price it won't be a daily event for us.Went to Parc for a romantic dinner with my girlfriend while we were in Philly together. The venue is a pretty space, quite evocative of the Paris I remember. And I appreciated our cute table by the window, a secluded spot in an otherwise crowded restaurant. 
But the service ruined the experience for me. The waiter, bringing the bottle of bordeaux I'd ordered on his recommendation, should have offered me a tasting pour, before then filling my girlfriend's glass first. Instead he poured HER the tasting, even though I ordered the wine. This kind of ridiculous oversight should never occur at a place with pretensions to this caliber of dining experience.
The wine was not great, only passable as it opened up. Granted, the food was better than the service. The charcuterie was generous and delectable--a welcome opener. My subsequent Papardalle Bolognese was not overcooked and the sauce was delicious.
All in all, a place with great food but major service kinks to work out and a very long way to go before joining the ranks of comparable establishments. The Dandelion, apparently owned by the same group, was indescribably better when we dined there the previous evening. All in all, a pretty space. But you can do much better.I was down from Boston visiting friends in Philly and we went to Parc on two separate occasions over the weekend.  The first was a late dinner/dessert on Friday night.  I had a sandwich on the train and wasn't too hungry, so I ordered the beet salad with greens and roquefort cheese.  I asked to sub goat cheese for the roquefort (too strong!) and the waitress was perfectly happy to accomodate me (no nasty looks).  My friends got French onion soup (looked AMAZING with an insane amount of bubbling cheese), cheeseburger, and macaroni gratin.  We also got the house white wine carafe which was just about a glass each of the 4 of us.  We split two desserts: the apple tart which was HEAVENLY though I don't usually go crazy over fruit desserts and the profiteroles.  Profiteroles were great because they were four tiny bites (perfect for our group).  I'm not usually a profiterole fan (I don't get the puff pastry thing), but the dark (bittersweet?) chocolate sauce they drizzle is excellent.
Next was Sunday brunch.  Another comment on their excellent service: our group of 4 was seated at a table where the floor was markedly warped (we're talking huge bump) and it was really uncomfortable to sit there (where to place the chairs, the table, etc.).  We asked our server if we could change tables (the restaurant wasn't busy yet at 10:30 am) and thinking he would sneer at us, he checked out the floor and totally agreed that it would be awkward to sit there and moved us promptly.  Our server also suggested the pastry basket: one butter croissant, one chocolate croissant, one blueberry muffin, and one raspberry danish, which we all divied up.  It was great!  The only complaint I had was we didn't also get their complementary bread basket (which is really good as well) and I saw another table get both so I was bummed (hey, I like bread, okay?).  Our brunches were only mediocre in my opinion though.  I ordered the croque madame which is (I didn't know) a fried egg, ham, and mornay sauce (a tangy cream sauce) on a piece of brioche.  They drowned the thing in mornay (maybe I just don't love creamy sauces) but the ham was excellent.  Hoping for breakfast potatoes or a more interesting side, all I got was greens again (I do realize that this review is totally making me sound like a fatty, but fine, I like to eat!).  My friends who ordered the omelette got only greens as well.
In sum - excellent pastries/desserts (typical of a French bistro) and excellent service (maybe NOT typical of a French bistro) but only so/so other items.  Would like to come back for a full dinner and re-evaluate.Delicious food, wonderful service. Great spot for Sunday brunch but very popular! You need reservations or be prepared to wait.I really like Parc and I come here every year with the family before thanksgiving. The service is always fantastic, and the food is always amazing. We've tried the fish, burger, salads (soooo good!), chicken, it has all been amazing. The decor inside is nice and comfortable and really makes you feel like you're not in Philly. I recommend the shrimp salad, the trout, the burger, and the french onion soup. My family loved the green salad, they were all raving about it. I have become a strict vegetarian since my last visit in 2010, so my options were limited. However, I ordered the sauteed spinach and the beet salad, and both were fantastic and good sized. They may sound like simple dishes, but they still packed so much flavor. I hope that they change the menu up or add more vegetarian options so that I will be able to mix it up next year, but if not, I will still be pleased with what I ordered. No one has ever had a complaint here. I highly recommend this place (and if you are a large group I encourage you to make reservations). Also, when we came here one year on my birthday they brought out some cake with sparkler candles, it was really impressive and delicious!Great spot for brunch with generous portions!  We got the pastry basket (highly recommend...the nutella filled one is amazingly good), quiche lorraine, and two eggs, bacon, potatoes, and toast.  Everything was way more than we could eat.  We'll definitely be going back!  It's a little loud inside, but manageable.I love Parc.  This is an amazing restaurant from the decor, the service, and the amazing food.  I have now been there three times, twice for brunch and once for dinner.  I do think that the bar crowd is strange and not my style however sitting in the grand room gave me a grand dining experience.  I have had various forms of the omelet always with egg whites and so fluffy and delicious.  And please try the mushroom tart if you are there for brunch.  It is divine.I have been here more than 20 times and live close by. Normally, the service and food are excellent and I've come to expect a certain caliber when it comes to their service. However, I took two very good friends here for a late lunch:
Everything was going well until one person at the table finished her meal, they immediately whisked her plate away. Which normally, they allow everyone to finish (which is the polite thing to do!) before clearing dishes so others are not made to feel rushed/out of place still eating. My other friend finished hers, again, plate is whisked away. I am left at the table as the only one eating and I'm now rushing to finish. I put down my fork to have a sip of water, I pick up my fork and the waiter grabs my plate to remove it! I told him I wasn't finished yet (which was really embarrassing and made me feel like I was scrounging for every last morsel on my plate!) He then hovered within ten feet of me until I finished and kept glancing over. The millisecond I finished he took my plate and disappeared. 
I later called and spoke with a manager about this who took all of my information and insisted on having another manager call me back along with sending me a gift card. I told them it wasn't necessary but if they insisted, sure-I didn't receive a call back (and they confirmed my information/also the reservation was made through open table so my info is all on there) and I never received the gift card. (It's been over a month). 
It kind of leaves a bad taste in my mouth if I've had an embarrassing experience or felt slighted and a restaurant says they will do something that will not make it ok, but make the situation better and they don't.I am only giving PARC 2 stars because I was there twice in a week. The first was on Monday night, I met a friend for a girl's night out. Perhaps because we were not having full meals the service was less than stellar. I asked for a particular cocktail, I told the server what was in it, half Champagne,and half Guinness  He retuned with a full 16oz glass of Guinness mixed with champagne and a smaller glass with the remainder of the champagne pour. I explained that it was indeed a cocktail and could I just get one drink in a champagne flute. So the bartender poured in into a flute sent it back and my friend was charged for two drinks  not for one cocktail. I would have complained had I seen the check. NOT NICE.
The next visit was a Friday night  I met a male friend and another female friend. We had two bottles of wine, a cheese plate, two appetizers, two salads. three entrees, endless bottles of water and two desserts needless to say, the service was much better. The server was a very pleasant woman, I wish I knew her name. She made me think positively about returning to the restaurant  I could not help but wonder if the service was better on Friday because we were spending more money, if that is true, then shame on them.
The door personnel was helpful and pleasant both visits.I was so excited to finally brunch here. However, when our meal arrived our eggs were cold & our potatoes didn't come out. We tried to find our server to find out about the potatoes, but took a good 5 minutes for him to come back. When the potatoes finally came we were finished with our meal. I would possibly go back if someone suggested it but overall was disappointed.It's difficult to write a review for Parc - rationally, the service has been slow and inattentive lately, the mains are overpriced for the portion size, and the desserts feel dated. On the other hand, a meal at Parc is always a good time, be it lunch, brunch, happy hour, or dinner.
Parc transports its diners to an idealized Paris bistro of the 1960s, complete with tin ceiling, old posters, and jukebox. The cocktails are great, the wine list is well-curated (though with a steep mark up), and the bread basket is stuffed with crusty, delicious bread. The charcuterie platter is perfect for sharing, as is the chicken liver parfait, a beautiful, decadent spread topped with a ruby-colored red wine gelee. And of course, the warm shrimp salad is always delicious (though the price has crept up over the years). However, every time I go, it seems that the entrees get smaller. The duck entree option, which originally started out as a duck breast, had shrunk to two strips of duck served over root vegetables last time I went. 
The dessert selection is also just not fantastic - Parc's "modernized" take on an black forest cake is dry and the flavors pale in comparison to the real thing. The profiteroles have the texture of a pastry assembled and semi-frozen hours before. The pot de creme is pretty good, but Paris is the city of pastries!
The service is also super hit-or-miss. There seems to be pretty high staff turnover, which means that some of the staff never seem to know what's going on. We once came for a reservation for a brunch and checked in. The maitre d told us to stand to the side, then gave our table away 10 minutes later because she had forgotten that she had checked us in. No apology was given - in fact, she tried to tell us she gave it away because we were late. Some servers are super friendly and helpful - and the meal is infinitely better as a result. Other times, we've had servers forget about us for half an hour.
Since Parc opened over a decade ago, the Philadelphia food scene has become incredibly vibrant. While I honestly do enjoy myself while at Parc, it's getting to the point now where there are so many other excellent cafes in the city with reliably good service and where I know that my entree won't look like an appetizer.Great food, great atmosphere. On a sunny day you will find this place packed.
Decor comes across as vey authentic French.Cozy French Bistro in the heart of Rittenhouse Square. The charcuterie and Mushroom tart were excellent. Gets a little noisy but that lends to the ambience rather than detracts.A friend took me there to have brunch. French toast is really good. Definitely gonna go again.This is an attractive and popular French Bistro restaurant overlooking Rittenhouse Square. Our server was knowledgeable about the menu and wine list, and the Bouilllabaisse, Salmon, Beef Bourgogne and Moules were all well prepared and tasty. Not inexpensive, but good food and a vey nice ambiance.Came here for my birthday from NYC. Food wasn't good. Order was mixed up. Staff was really nice about the mix ups they made about mine and my boyfriends orders, and gave me my meal for free. Offered me another meal but I didn't want to bother because I was already very turned off. It's a cute place and a nice atmosphere though.Just ok on every level. Staff tried too hard to sell me appetizers, and then before we were ready and about to order another glass of wine each, dropped the check. Our group laughed about it. French onion soup was luke warm, entrees were just ok and desserts were just not very good. The place is huge and has the best view of Rittenhouse Square around, but it's just not that great as far as food goes.  Dirty bathrooms too.I love this place. My favourites are the French Toast,Tomato Mozarello Sandwich and the Ravioli. They are one of the very few places that serve freshly squeezed juice (Orange and Grapefruit). The service is excellent and the decor is just fabulous.
RamAte here for dinner when I was in Philly a little over a month ago and had the three-course prix fixe. 
For my appetizer, I had the onion soup gratinee, which had a decent broth covered by a huge, delicious layer of warm and savory cheese.
For the entrée, I had the steak frites. The cook on the steak was very good and the steak was nice and juicy. The fries were excellent - crispy, relatively non-greasy, and packed with flavor. They also came with a delicious aioli sauce that I simply couldn't get enough of.
For dessert, I had an assortment which included a hazelnut macaron and tiramisu. Everything looked and tasted great.
I enjoyed dining here and would gladly do it again if I'm in the area!Went here for a business dinner. The food was fantastic and the drinks were good. This place is just a little pricy.Consistently great service and very good food.  The atmosphere is always convivial - although today there were a few too many strollers for my taste. Are there no Chuckee Cheese's anymore?
Sometimes the noise can be loud, but if you want something quiet you can always stay home or go where people don't want to be.Great ambience, always bustling. Steak frites was excellent. Salmon was ok. A little pricey but with it for a special occasion.My fav restaurant in center city. I love their lunch menu and dinner menu. Lobster risotto is soooo good. The shrimp salad is also one of my fav, the shrimp is super fresh and of good quality. The food is awesome and the vibe inside is awesome too. Fun to sit outside during the summer time. Def recommend it here. Please go!!!Parc was an amazing referral, happy my colleague recommended. The food was delicious the wait staff was awesome and the ambiance and view outside was excellent. I would totally recommend to family and friends and return again myself.On a recent trip to Philadelphia we stayed a block away and had a late breakfast here every day. The most important thing on the menu - the coffee - is superb.  The second most important thing - the bread - is divine. The decor is wonderful; they really paid attention to every detail. The breakfast/brunch menu is quite varied, so it's easy to find something light or more substantial.Always a staple when I visit Philadelphia.  Good food and good service.  Try the frose and the oysters.Been multiple times for brunch and dinner and always great food and service. It's nice to sit outside when the weather is good, but also very cozy indoors in the winter. The mussels and fries were great, and all brunch options very good. Liked the free mini macarons that came at the end of brunch too.I love going here for dinner any time I'm visiting Philadelphia. Service and food are always consistently great. We came here for Valentine's Day this past year and we were seated at a table right by the window, so it was awesome for people watching and getting a good sense of the energy of the city right outside.
We ordered the tuna carpaccio to start -- absolutely delicious, as always. My husband ordered the roasted duck and he raved about it, and I had the rabbit pappardelle, which was just ok. I should have gone with the scallops, which is what I usually order, but I was trying to venture outside my comfort zone. 
Fantastic ambience -- nice, without being pretentious. Highly recommend.Heh. I was looking for a cute French breakfast place during my visit in Philly and Parc popped up. The visit started out okay, we were asked if we all wanted to be seated indoors or outdoors. We chose indoors. It went down hill from there. 
First, we couldn't find our server to take our order for 15 minutes. While in the middle of taking my order, he left and walked away to another table to get their check. What? Then after he returned from the other table, while he was pouring us water he didn't ask if we wanted tap or bottled. Even though this is a minuscule issue, I noticed he asked every other table in his section which one they preferred. Terrible service aside, the food was perhaps this review's saving grace. 
The cafe Vietnamese tasted terrible, it tasted more like an American latte with a splash of condensed milk. I also ordered a eggs Benedict and eggs Norwegian. The servings were huge and easily filled my entire party. While I enjoyed the food, the service left a sour taste in my mouth and I am so disappointed because of all the five star reviews people left for this place. 
Anyways, my server's name was Craig, and he did not deserve the tip that I left. I won't be back. There are plenty of no frill restaurants in Philly that provided better service to me :) Atmosphere and ambience isn't everything, good service is what makes a customer return.Great food!!! The oysters were amazing! Order the east coast oysters over the west coast oysters. Overall the seafood @ parc is great; the scallops and the bouillabaisse were very good. Don't forget to get the cheesecake for desert, the creme brulee was just ok, u can tell it came outta the fridge.My husband and I came to Parc for our anniversary.  We started off with cocktails - he got the Fleur d'Or and I got the Basilic.  Both were very well mixed - my Basilic was very refreshing.  Then we ordered a selection of three cheeses - what a great way to start - the choices were excellent and the jams  were perfectly paired to each cheese.  For appetizers, my husband ordered the onion soup gratinee and I ordered the tarte flambee.  My tart was very good, but since we started with the cheeses, I actually wished I ordered a lighter appetizer since the tarte was a pretty good size.  For dinner, my husband went with the prime rib special and the meat just melted in your mouth.  I ordered the veal escalope and was thrilled with the outcome.  The veal was tender and the sauce was a great accompaniment.  I loved all the mushrooms on top - what an excellent choice!  Finally we finished by sharing a pot de creme.  I have never had anything like it and we thoroughly enjoyed the many layers of this dessert.  Overall, our visit at Parc was fabulous.  About the only thing I could have done without was the pair of kids that kept peddling candy bars to the tables sitting outside.  They even started asking to eat some of the tables' left over food.  I was really surprised that no one from the restaurant tried to move them along, but luckily we were seated facing the park but were inside the restaurant's ledge so we were not bothered.Parc seems exactly what the four-star designation is designed for. It's a fun spot, with a bustling cafe ambiance, excellent service, and food that's very, very good.
I joined my parents for dinner here before they went to their concert at the Kimmel Center. They come here from time to time before concerts, as it's well located and they enjoy the atmosphere. While it was relatively quieter earlier (we had a 5:30 reservation), that didn't last long. This place gets busy, and because of the hard floors and ceilings, it gets loud. But while you probably wouldn't want to have an intimate conversation here, it's fun to be among the hustle and bustle sometimes too.
Our server (and his supporting team) was very attentive and knowledgeable, whether it came to the food or the wine. The food began with a basket of bread, which was very good--my mother is a particular fan of the bread with fruit/nuts in it, requesting a bit more of it, a request which they happily fulfilled. The weak link in the meal actually came first: I began with a galette of crab (in essence, a crabcake). On the positive side, it was pretty much all crab. But it felt as if maybe it was just a little over, and as a result, it was a little dry. The accompanying "tartar sauce" was a little heavy on the mustard, which overpowered everything else. It was average at best.
My main course was a big improvement: a poached salmon in a champagne cream sauce with root vegetables and cabbage. The salmon was cooked perfectly and was almost velvety in its consistency, and the veggies (including parsnips, yay!) were quite delicious. Only small criticism: the sauce does start to get heavy after a while, so if there were something acidic on the plate to serve as a counterpoint, that would have helped.
For dessert, the three of us shared two desserts: a hazelnut macaron, garnished with salted caramel cream and pear, and a chocolate moeulleux (sort of a molten chocolate cake, though not terribly cakey, which was good) with vanilla ice cream. Both were delicious.
Parc isn't a cheap date, but other than the stumble on the appetizer, it's an excellent choice for a fun dining experience. I'd certainly return at some point.Food: 4
Decor: 5
Ambiance: 5
Service: 4.5
Value: 4
Really nice dining experience in a fun atmosphere. Expensive, but worth the treat.Great atmosphere.
Excellent service.
Fantastic food.Joining the ranks of Bennihana's Parc is a place that's both dinner and a show ;) On a serious note, the food here is always top notch, the wait staff is always knowledgeable and friendly and you'll be hard pressed to find a better place to people watch while perched next to Rittenhouse Park. 
Pro Tip: Save room for dessert. Chef Abigail Dahan is a master in the kitchen and her macaroons are truly a special gem in the city.A little bit of Paris with a view of Rittenhouse Square. Tasty cocktails (I highly recommend the martini with grapefruit vodka and Elderberry liqueur but can't remember its name). What's not to like? Well, the prices. 
Dinner portions were hit and miss. The Macaroni au Gratin appetizer (aka mac and cheese) was delicious but the portion was enough to be a dinner entree. The scallops entree was perfectly prepared but the monstrous plate and overabundance of Vegetable Bouillabaisse seemed to spotlight the fact that you are paying $28 for 4 scallops. Yes, this is a standard seafood serving that I've had at other restaurants. However, It seemed like the attention was not on the scallops but the ocean of vegetable bouillabaisse the scallops practically floated in. Speaking of floating, the Hericot Verts side dish was plentiful but dripping in butter. I only ate the top layer since the rest was resting in a butter bath.  
We passed on dessert since we'd already stuffed our faces but the menu looked delicious.
I'd return to Parc for their ambience and drinks. I might even swing by for a brunch. But their prices and food were too "meh" for me to justify their prices.Wonderful spot to people-watch.  Grab a table on the sidewalk and have a coffee and dessert.  The waiter may frown at you for not ordering more, but that only makes it feel even more like you are in France!A great location to sit outside and enjoy Rittenhouse Square.  A good choice for Lunch.Last two visits were great. Consistently great food and service. They make a great moule frite.I went here in hopes of finding a local place at least somewhat comparable to my favorite NYC spot Balthazar. Not even close. Atmosphere and food were both good but for the city I'm sure I could find much more interesting food at a cheaper price. I'm glad I tried it but I probably won't bother returning.Gets the stars for the European atmosphere and decent service... but... at this price point the food should be awesome, which it is not. I am from Belgium. I know good French food and this is not it. It is not authentic. My husband had the stew, tiny entree, he was still hungry and ate all the kids' leftovers. My steak was well done when I asked for medium. Everyone was pretty much done by the time I got my plate back when they remade it. The $13 rose was just 1/2 a glass of wine. Sorry to say won't be returning, not what I expected.My galpals and I enjoyed a stellar brunch at Parc on Saturday. I was quite...um...hungover to say the least but still hungry enough to eat for a family of four. I had been to Parc before for dinner and wasn't exactly floored by the experience but had to experience the brunch plus it was walking distance from the Sofitel where we stayed.
I made reservations via OpenTable and we were promptly seated at an outside table. The weather was ah-maz-ing and the people watching was good times. They didn't give us any grief for our entire party not being there which was awesome.
Our server was on point, friendly, and personable. Drinks were strong. Again, I think I was still a bit inebriated from the night before so I am sure the two drinks I had almost knocked me on my arse and proved for entertainment while we went shopping afterwards.
The french toast with some sort of butter was eh/ok. I wanted to compare it to Balthazar's or Jane's and that's like comparing apples and oranges in an entriely different city. My friend's lamb sandwich was delicious. I seriously ate half of it and then wanted to make sweet love to the other half but she ate it. I can't remember what my other friends had but I'm sure it was good because everyone ate and drank well.
I recommend reservations especially when the weather is beautiful, ordering some drinks, and sit back and people watch. The close proximity to Rittenhouse Square Park is a good way to walk off the calories.I've been there twice in this past month.  The place is very nice, the service and the food are good.  The bread, burgers, and most of the food is fine but the French Onion Soup was a complete let down...and a killer!
Me and my daughter both had it and were terribly disappointed!After living in Philly for seven years and hearing so much hype about it, my boyfriend and I decided to hit up Parc. We had just come back a few months before from Paris, so we couldn't wait for some authentic escargot, onion soup and great coffee. 
We stopped in at noon on Sunday and had to wait about a half hour, only to be lead to a table that was bumping elbows with two other tables. The server greeted us right away and brought us our waters and some pretty tasty baguettes. The french onion soup came out short thereafter and was a pretty big disappointment. Somewhat bland and lacking the true beef flavor. Entrees were off from a traditional French cafe and quite honestly, a little overpriced. Although my boyfriend's beef and frites entree was very good.Omg RYAM was amazing he really knows how to make YOU FEEL SPECIAL great experience at this restaurant HE likes to work as a server ... I enjoy the food and the service THANK YOU SO MUCH ..... WE ARE HERW 9 months later our server Craig and Mohammed  now we are celebrating ourTo paraphrase Tom Haverford from Parks & Rec: any place with the word "bistro" in it makes it classy af! 
Enjoyed a late lunch here on a brisk Friday afternoon. I love coming here around 2-3 pm in the afternoon to avoid the lunch rush. I requested a table near the window with a gorgeous view of Rittenhouse Square and the staff gladly accommodated my request. The view, coupled with the bread basket, was a delightful preamble to the rest of the meal.
I ordered the steak frites (cooked medium rare). It was served with herb butter, a side of mayo, and my requested ketchup! The hanger steak tasted flavorful and it was the perfect portion. The french fries are crispy and finger-licking delicious. 
The ambience of the restaurant is definitely what sets Parc apart from the hustle and bustle of Center City. While the restaurant does get quite crowded, you can still hear the delightful French music playing in the background and the waitstaff is really polite and talk in soothing voices. 
I treated myself to the apple tartine dessert. It is a fancy French version of an apple pie and was served a la mode with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. The candied apples are sprinkled with cinnamon and the tartine is flaky and sweet. 
The cappuccino is a great way to end the meal. It comes with a tiny biscuit. 
Overall, Parc is the perfect indulgence!You could call me a cheap date because I really just like pizza and cheeseburgers and fries. Those things make me the happiest in the world (provided I've had a good balance of other foods prior). But I have friends who love fancy, exotic foods and fancy, exotic restaurants. Occasionally I allow them to drag me to such places like Parc, mostly so I can see if it's a place I'd like to take my mother, who deserves the finest things in life. 
My friend and I met up for lunch on a Friday afternoon in the fall of 2011. We were immediately seated by the hostess. And as soon as we were settled, the waitress came up to us to get our drink order. The drinks and some appetizers arrived faster than I've ever experienced - I was and continue to be impressed. And as soon as we had decided on our meals, the waitress came over. She was very intuitive in that way for the rest of the meal. 
The food was good (I ordered a burger and fries, my friend ordered the french onion soup and a salad), but I wouldn't say it's to die for or anything. It's good, don't get me wrong, but really the reason I'd go back here, and take my mother, is for the waitstaff.Menu selection has a variety of appetizers and entrees. Cheese board had a wonderful selection of cheeses. Had the rabbit entree and was disappointed. Noodles were soft and tasted the sauce and noodles over the rabbit. If you enjoy rabbit, go to la pegThe food was so-so, nothing really stood out. The onion soup was kind of flavorless, minus the cheese (which was yummy), this was quite disappointing. Even the steak frites entree was bland. How hard is it to rub some salt & pepper into it to make it taste like SOMETHING? I feel like Parc pumps out the food orders instead of really cooking them. Also, our table could barely hear other speak it was so loud in there. I almost got a migraine while waiting for the food! If you're noise sensitive, avoid coming here during high traffic times. I'm rather disappointed with Steven Starr... he needs to hire new back-of-the-house people or something... and fast!
If you want really tasty French fair, go to Caribou Cafe... it's soooo much more relaxing... and the onion soup is to die for!I am a fan of Parc, more so in the summer time than any other time. I love to eat next to the big windows and watch the people walk around in Rittenhouse Square lol it gives me good energy. Although I haven't been here for lunch or dinner yet, I've been to breakfast about 5-6 times and everytime I go I get the same thing......PANCAKES. Forget IHOP because Parc has the best pancakes I ever had. They're so simple yet so delish! I have no clue what they put in them and I dont even care lol. And lets not forget the added powedered sugar on top. TO. DIE. FOR!  My boyfriend gets their eggs bennedict. He loves it however I think its best that I don't give my opinion of it due to the fact that i HATE raw egg yoke (yuck!). He forced me to take a bite and I literally almost vomitted all over the place. Good hot chocolate and mimosas.I thought this place would be rated higher than this.
I go to school in Binghamton, where it can get awfully boring sometimes so I like to take little vacations/adventures sometimes and go for a drive. I arrived at Parc and handed my keys over to the Valet. I forgot how much it was but I remember it being pretty expensive: it's not free and it's just as costly as New York City, if not more. I wasn't impressed.
I had to wait 30 minutes for my table to get ready and the bar wasn't quite impressive. It was just average. The ambiance, though, was pretty nice. It wasn't pretentious as you'd think most French restaurants could get sometimes but it wasn't drab at all. I was seated and our waiter was absolutely professional. I was 21 when I went there (last year) and I was used to being treated with mediocre service because of my age but this guy was on point.
I had the oyster appetizer, which was absolutely perfect. It sampled all sorts of oysters from all over the world and was shucked fresh right before serving. The house Merlot was pretty good too. I then had the roasted chicken with the pomme frites. Goodness. I like my mashed potatoes a little chunky but this pureee was absolute madness. It was perfectly creamy with the perfect amount of butter and salt. I wanted a second order of this just to take home but didn't want to look like a sucker so I refrained.
Good food, good service, go with good people--what else do you want, really?The love muffin and I stopped by PARC last Friday and enjoyed ourselves.  The waiter recommended their award winning salad with shrimp poached in butter.....i'm nit picking here, but the shrimp were slightly over cooked; however, the flavors were great.  Steak tartar and chicken pate were delicious.  My recommendation - DON"T FILL UP ON BREAD!!!!  It's so hard, bc the bread is so good.  Be the old lady who wraps the bread in a napkin for later...it's worth it.  
Most importantly, you can buy their baguettes for a measly $3.   The love muffin and I stayed over night in the big city, so I was fortunate enough to get back to PARC in the morning right as the baguettes were coming out.  That night, I made some bruschetta and that baguette disappeared - don't judge.Serves delicious chicken liver pate and amazing French breads. This is a perfect cafe to grab a nice glass of wine at one of the tables outdoors and people watch. Overlooks Rittenhouse Square and a beautiful park. Reminds me of so many cafes you find in Paris. Charming for a lazy afternoon!FYI: People tend to want to be seated outdoors so it might look super crowded but the inside most likely has plenty of seating. 
WHAT I GOT: Country chicken club
PROS: That sandwich was absolutely delicious. All the flavors complimented each other super well and everything was cooked spot on. Usually chicken meat that goes into sandwiches are mad dry but these slices were still moist. The bread wasn't toasted to the point of it becoming an inedible brick and the fries that came with it were honestly, some of the best I've ever had. The atmosphere of the restaurant really did a great job at transporting you to Europe and making you feel immersed in the experience. Also their mimosa was stellar. Absolutely loved it.
CONS: Okay don't hate me. This might also be a personal preference but I was not a fan of the oysters. I know it's like the one thing people always get here but hear me out. Half of them weren't actually cleaned out properly in our order. I crunched on bits of sand or whatever is inside of oyster shells when I slurped the actual meat off. Not the most pleasant experience. There's also really not that much substance to these, and you're also paying a hefty amount for them. I guess I was expecting them to be bigger? But either way, I don't think it'll be something I order from them again.Definitely a tourist trap!  The service was horrible, my cocktail tasted like liquid kids vitamins, everything was over-salted and greasy and our food came out cold! The host asked if we wanted a bigger or smaller table (which was thoughtful) but I said whatever is warmest as it was one of the coldest days of winter. He sat us at a small table next to the huge glass window with a major draft.  It could all have been ok if the food didn't come out cold and better quality and if our server had been more attentive.  We were finished with our appetizers by the time he finally came around to ask if we needed anything and more than halfway through our entrees by the time he stopped by. He was not the one who delivered our food. This was a Thursday night and the restaurant was pretty empty. Based off of the good reviews I expected a lot more!Went to Parc the other night for dinner and thought the food, service and atmosphere were excellent.  It truly felt like you were in a Paris cafe.  My husband and I shared the warm shrimp salad.  It came with 4 jumbo shrimp and a ton of avocado.  It was a huge portion that was perfect for sharing.  For our entrees, my husband and I shared the flank steak with fries.  The steak was average but the fries were to die for.  Neither one of us could stop eating them!  Our friend got the nicoise salad which she enjoyed very much.  I should also mention that I ordered the house lemonade non-alcoholic drink that was very, very tasty.  Not too sweet and not too tart, just right.I look down on people who order salads at restaurants. I especially despise people who get salads at a buffet. Why would you waste time on cheap greens when there's all-you-can-eat roast beef?! But I have to admit, my kryptonite is a frisee "salad". Something 'bout a perfectly poached egg paired with pork bits sitting atop a frisee garnish gets me all googly eyed.
Parc has a 'Salade Lyonnaise' on their menu, aka a frisee "salad" so duh I ordered it. The food came out ridiculously fast, almost suspiciously fast (could it have been pre-made?). The best part about our meal was sitting at an open window overlooking Rittenhouse Park with a fresh breeze blessing our meal. The view of the park was wasted on me; I spent my time looking at other people's food. Everything on everyone else's plate looked delicious. 
The complimentary bread is really sharp, literally. The bread almost cut the inside of my mouth. Of course that didn't stop me from eating half a loaf. I took it on as a challenge.
My only drawback is that the prices don't reflect the French blase bistro atmosphere, it's more like $11 for my "salad" and $3 for my coffee. ($11 isn't bad at all but the salad is amuse bouche tiiiiny.) I hate paying for salads. But mine was dressed so well, I can't complain.My favorite place to sit on a nice day because you are in a prime position for people watching on Rittenhouse. The food is good. Expensive but good and if you sit there a while it's worth it. At times I have felt rushed to finish my meal but you just have to take your time and ignore their rushing and checking to see if you're done. I've had the smoked salmon, steak tartare and chocolate cake which are all delicious.We came celebrating my friends for pre college graduation lunch! It was my first time eating here and I was no disappointed! We started with some sparkling wine then onion soup which was the absolute best I've had in the city. The bread was so fresh and delicious! My friends all had the lobster bisque and I would not resist a taste! It was delicious! We all got different lunch entrees the roast beef sandwich, chicken club, open face lobster tartine and the cheese burger; none of which disappointed! 
I will be surely be returning for another delicious meal soon!I came here for brunch with a friend. Firstly, walking in my friend said that it reminded her exactly of the cafes she visited in Paris. Never having been to France, I compare it to a Hollywood movie set. Just the atmosphere alone makes a visit to Parc really enjoyable.
We started off with our own Hors D'oeuvres. I had the Oatmeal Brulee with a Cafe Vietnamese (which has sweetened condensed milk at the bottom that you mix per your sweetness preference!) and my friend had the Chicken Liver Mousse. I've never had Chicken Liver Mousse and I can now say I don't hate it! The Oatmeal Brulee was pretty sweet and tasted heavily of cinnamon with bits of raisin. If I was jonesin' for something satisfying, although it was good, this tasted too much like dessert.
My friend then had the Eggs Benedict and I enjoyed the Poached Eggs and Asparagus. I'm a pretty big fan of eggs and this is by far the best version I've ever had. It tasted of lemon zest and the mushroom veloute was creamy and soooooo delicious. I did all but lick my plate washing it down with a fruit infused mimosa.
We finished up with Parc's five-layer Strawberry Gateau. Not a big piece, but enough for two people to share for their three course brunch! Amazing flavors of almond, lemon, vanilla, strawberry and cream.
I am a big fan of this place. Silly as it might be, I would go so far as to say dining here was like a mini vacation - minus all the French pretension.Parc is a great restaurant for special occasions or business lunches.  That said, it's not as fussy and formal as one might assume given its location.  So, a mid-week lunch treat or casual drinks outside at the tables facing Rittenhouse Square is not out of the question.  (Bonus: it's across the street from the Curtis Institute of Music and you can often hear the students practicing classical music.) I haven't been for breakfast, but the lunch and dinner menus are delicious.  I can't imagine breakfast being a disappointment.  Prices are on par with the quality of food and nearby restaurants.  Plenty of more original menu options, but you can't go wrong with the steak au poivre and creme brulee.Overpriced and nothing special. We stopped in here for dessert this past weekend to sit outside next to the park. We ordered the pot de creme and apple tarte tatin and some drinks.
At around $10 a piece you would hope they would be delicious. They were not. Neither of them were anything beyond what one could make at home. While the outdoor table was nice, the service lacked as much as the dessert. I didn't catch our waitresses name as she didn't share it with us and she seemed bothered by serving us. 
I will not go here again.Meh, I found it average, at best. I met a friend for lunch on Saturday September 16 and we walked to Rittenhouse Square to try it out. She had been there a few times before and found it excellent. She was craving the warm shrimp salad and the Trout Almandene, I wanted the Gazpacho and the Beef Bourguignon. 
The bread basket, as previously mentioned, was very good, the appetizers, not so much. The gazpacho was fairly plain, none of the spiciness I had expected. It was more like tomato soup with a little red pepper thrown in. I expected something a little more in depth. My companion's shrimp salad was OK but she thought the shrimp to be a little over cooked. 
She really liked the Trout, but my Beef left much to be desired. The portion only had 4 small pieces of beef and a few onions served with mashed potatoes. To tell the truth, most of the common steak houses (Outback, Texas Roadhouse) serve a comparably flavored dish with a much larger serving at less than half the price.  
For dessert, we shared the Bar Glacee, which was very good, except that the layer of carmel was so hard, I thought we'd chip the plate trying to get through it. 
I doubt I'd go back and I won't miss it.Came here for Memorial Day brunch after a host at another restaurant gave me the recommendation. Only had a 15 minute wait and was seated. Ordered froses right away but was disappointed because the glasses were only half full and they were $15 a glass!!!
Fast forward... The bread basket was pretty good, the butter tasted fresh and homemade. I ordered the steak and eggs, which also came with potatoes. All was good.. pretty much standard for any brunch.We went here for my boyfriends 26th birthday. The food was amazing and we actually came back for the steak tartar. My boyfriend got the RABBIT PAPPARDELLE and it was so delicately tender. I got the SKATE GRENOBLOISE but it was very salty so I couldn't eat it all. They have house made delicious bread which made up for everything.
The dessert service was the highlight of the night. When I had hinted that it was my boyfriends birthday, they brought us out sherbet with a candle, and some free macaroons to take home. So sweet!I went to Parc for brunch recently and enjoyed it thoroughly! It was a beautiful day and we snagged a table outside overlooking the park. We started off with a basket of delicious pastries, a round of coffee and Bloody Mary's. The one pastry was oozing with Nutella... insanely good. I had the eggs Benedict, which was cooked to perfection.  The coffee was refilled quickly and plates were cleared fast. The only caveat, our waitress wasn't friendly at all. However, the rest of the staff was pleasant so it didn't turn me. Will definitely go again!I went with a co-worker after work one evening a couple weeks ago, we were excited.
Decent, affordable cheese plate and a couple rounds of tasty Romarins. But we ordered the escargot and were nonplussed. Lots of butter (great--who doesn't love butter?!) but very, very few snails. Like, 4 or 5. Disappointing, seriously.
On separate occasions I've been pleased with the roasted chicken & mashed potatoes and less-than pleased with the braised beef short rib, which was a little tough and therefore a little heartbreaking. Usually drink kir when I'm there, which is hard to screw up as long as you have a decent white wine on hand (they did). 
Wish there was something between 3 & 4 stars, but ultimately chose 3 stars because of the inconsistency in service and quality of food.I'm not really a "see and be seen" kind of girl. That said, give me a sunny 75-degree afternoon, an outdoor table across from Rittenhouse Square, and a delightful little cheese plate, and I'm game for pretty much anything.  While not personally my aesthetic, Parc is without question attractive: its decor, its food, its people; and while we invested only in a few cocktails and a cheese plate, both were up to snuff.  Our waiter was cheerful and balanced attentiveness with allowing us to linger quite deftly.  However, I'm not sure a cheese plate can truly carry the weight of more than 3 stars, and the cloud of pretension that hangs over the place is 2 stars worth of 'no thank you.'The food and service are fit for a king!  Very attentive and friendly waiters.  I had an incredible dinner here: from start to finish.  I recommend the cured meats appetizer because I got to try so many curious little things all of which I loved.  The monkfish is tender and juicy.  For dessert I had to go with the classic - creme brulee.  So so sweet, and savory.  
I didn't know what to expect because I feel like Parc's reputation on yelp is waning, but I was blown away.Oh là là. 
I've spent a significant amount of time in Paris, and I certainly don't remember having such a great brunch experience. 
This is my go-to place for special occasions. College graduation, post-Philadelphia marathon, or if friends are in town. Make sure to make a reservation, or you'll have trouble getting a table. This place is very seen-and-be-seen -- especially in the warmer months where you can eat outside right across for Rittenhouse Square. 
I would highly recommend to go on the weekend. Their brunch menu is the best in the city. Make sure to ask for a bread basket--the bread itself is a good enough reason to visit. If you're feeling particularly indulgent, ask for the ensemble of pastries. Just don't expect to have any room for the meal.
For brunch, I tend to order eggs with ratatouille and goat cheese. It's served with potatoes and is absolutely delicious. Also, be sure to try one of their cocktails. 
Go, enjoy the food, order an espresso, and take your time. It's all part of the experience. The best options besides hopping a plane to Paris.I haven't yet made my way for anything but brunch. Open early, its a great place to sit near Rittenhouse park and watch everyone go to work. The ambiance in the room itself is very nice, and the decor is beautiful. The drinks are very good, and the service was impeccable. Other times of day it looks very busy, but I will make sure to make a reservation soon for dinner.Sole amandine with haricots vert, sour dough baguette and you are in France. The background music is French pop...atmosphere is complete. All the dishes were elegant and  marvellous. Perfect service, attentive but unobtrusive. The buzz of the rooms throughout this fabulous place right on beautiful Reitenhouse Sq. is energizing. At Parc you're where it's at in Philadelphia.Been to this amazing place three times- twice for Dinner and once for Brunch.
They get very busy on weekends so make sure to get a reservation beforehand. 
The best part about Parc is that you can ask for outside seating. The view towards Rittenhouse Square is beautiful (especially during sunset). The side street seatings are nice/relaxing as well (sat here for brunch and was nice because the sun wasn't in our face). Outside seating is first come first serve but if you have a reservation, you only have to wait about 15-20 min. 
Now for the food!
Appetizer:
Steak Tartare- usually not a huge tartare fan but this was great! Fresh, flavorful and didn't have that weird raw-meat texture. 
Onion Soup- I liked it because it wasn't too salty. A solid onion soup.
Dinner:
Trout Amandine- my favorite (had it twice already!) The trout was fresh and the crispy almonds along with the butter sauce added so much flavor.
Steak Au Poivre- tender, juicy and cooked perfectly. I wish they would add a bit more flavor though. 
Pan Seared Scallops- I loved the truffle sauce! Not the best scallops I've had but it was still delicious
Dessert: 
Creme Brulee- a huge sweet-tooth so had to get dessert. Nothing amazing but definitely good. I wish it was a little warmer though.
Brunch:
Eggs Benedict- A standard brunch dish but cooked very well. Loved the potatoes and the ham was delicious.
Spinach/ Feta Cheese Omelette- I was so impressed by how smooth the omelette was. Feta cheese added great flavor
Warm Shrimp Salad- Fresh Shrimp and great dressing. Loved the sun dried tomatoes! 
Still one of my favorite restaurants in Philly, combining the food, seating and ambiance.Great place! Friends and I went on a Saturday night and were seated immediately. We were able to sit inside but close to the window so we had a view. The waiter was great at explaining the menu and offered a nice bottle of Riesling. 
The bread is amazing! I soaked it in my friends broth that came with the mussels and that was perfect. 
Ordered the Norwegian Salmon which was cooked perfectly with some beautiful red cabbage. 
Also had some Vietnamese coffee, which is recommended and ended the meal well. 
Will definitely be coming back.I come here a lot during fall/winter when I walk my dog. I love sitting outside and enjoying the environment with my friends. We usually come here for coffee and desserts. My favorate dish is escargots, very buttery and I love eating it with the bread.We ordered warm shrimp salad, onion soup, beef bourguinon and lamb leg. Awesome food and very fast service. I love the salad and lambbbbb! The complimentary.bread was DELICIOUS too! We will def go back to explore moreee from PARC!I have been wanting to try this place out in Rittenhouse Square for some time because it is a fairly cute French bistro.  Today was my day.  The bread is a must try even for someone like me who shies away from carbs.  It is baked fresh on the premises.  The raw clams were great.  Escargot was done up with a wine sauce that was infused with mushrooms and barely a hint of garlic and I could not get a taste of butter.  So it was very light for a nice summer evening.  I had the warm shrimp salad and it was beautifully presented and light as well.  There is no kids menu but they have kid friendly dishes sprinkled throughout the menu.  A great treat.Went here for Saturday for brunch and got seated away with a reservation I made on Open table. I was running really late too because of traffic and they were very understanding. 
It was really cute inside and had a nice Parisian feel to it. There were people dining outside and it looked really beautiful but it was too windy for me to sit outside. We were given a basket of different varieties of bread to start with and I went in because I love bread lmao. I wish the butter it came out with was softer and not hard as a rock. 
I ordered two eggs with turkey sausage and potatoes. You really can't go wrong with making this lol everything was perfect. I also wanted something sweet so I ordered buttermilk pancakes with a side of fresh berries. The pancakes were fluffy, buttery & delicious. 
Service: 5/5. Our waitress was so nice and friendly and definitely kept checking in on us. She was also very patient explaining the menu since it was our first time there. 
Definitely recommend for brunch but make a reservation in advanced.Sitting in Parc Restaurant, you really feel like you are in Paris. the food is divine, the atmosphere as authentic as it gets, even the view out the window into the park could easily be a Parisian scene...there were only two give-aways that we were not in France: 1. The restaurant wasn't filled with smoke (a good thing) and 2. The waiter was neither snarky, nor condescending, on the contrary, Derek was attentive, knowledgeable and totally helpful. 
The food was fantastic - I particularly loved the duck - it was delicious and melted in your mouth without being overly fatty - a true culinary feat.In town for work and yelp gave me this great recommendation!  Seriously, everything was amazing.  Started with the french onion soup.  The only complaint might be too much cheese, if that is a thing.  Next had the beef bourguignon and it was simply melt in my mouth good.  Last, even though I was stuffed, I ordered the apple tart and had 2 bites that were seriously heaven.  
I also liked that they had a half carafe of wine that you could order.  Nice size for one person - 2 glasses worth.Delightful French bistro in Philly. 
We started our weekend away at the Parc; a favorite of one of our group.
Bloody Mary's and wine... Lots of fun catching up. Friendly service - offered great suggestions, attentive service, and no rushing.
We shared a flat bread pizza - more than enough for 4 (to share).Followed with a salad (huge portions).Really really really tasty brunch, and pretty fare prices considering the cost and esteem of this restaurant for dinners! Authentic French bistro fare and great service to compliment it.
I highly recommend the quiche! It has a very buttery flaky crust, and super creamy inside. Cooked absolutely to perfection! For dessert, chocolate mousse of courseI have nothing but good things to say about Parc. Although the restaurant is large, the staff is incredibly efficient and attentive. The food is excellent. I had the Braised Lamb Shank and my wife had the Beef Bourguignion. Both were superb. Although not cheap, the prices are more than fair given the quality of the food and service, as well as a Rittenhouse Square locale.Had a delicious meal delivered to my hotel. I tried the bolognese pasta ($18) and onion soup. The pasta was a smaller portion but that's probably healthier! It was flavored well with moist, crumbled beef in the light tomato sauce. Very good. I wasn't sure if they could actually deliver French Onion soup ($12) but they sure did. The broth was loaded with onions and a large crouton/bread laid right below the thick layer of cheese. Loved it. Best of all, it arrived hot and they remembered plastic ware.