A disappointing second visit, after a disappointing dinner shortly after the restaurant opened.  This time we opted for brunch.  For the table, we had chicken liver pate, and for myself, I had egg with gruyere and ham.  Neither were worthy of the prices. My entire was one poached egg, covered in melted gruyere cheese on an oversized English muffin from a local Philly baker.  There was nothing elegant about it. I could have made it at home or found the same at any diner.   It came with a side salad, which I appreciated, and will give high marks for the freshness of the greens, but the salad dressing was cloyingly sweet.  The pate tasted like, well, chicken liver, and it was served with toast that tasted like, well, toast.  What?  no baguettes?  I was hoping to find a meal as good as Parc, which everytime I go makes me cry because I can't prepare food that well.  I will say that the host and wait staff were amiable and attentive.Vraiment!  Truly, "as good as it gets" is a completely appropriate appellation for this gem of a restaurant, although I'd hold back on the "Woo-Hoo!" bit,  thinking of Howard Dean.
Took a party of seven last night for very close to $60 per person including appetizers, drinks entrees and some heavenly desserts.   Really.  You wanna try THAT in Center City?  AND the food, ambience, service (really good, Darlin') and drinkies were absolutely first-water.  
Escargot, pate, a cheese plate (REALLY great Roquefort!) with enough desséché bread slices to actually go around (usually a bistro is parsiminous to the word's defiition with their breads) and a great selection of cheese.  Superb Lobster bisque, too! 
I had the lamb, since it was the Saturday Special, which came with fat little pea pods and "Goat Gnocchi".   I don't know what the sauce on the lamb was composed of, but the lamb was cooked p*e*r*f*e*c... It was REALLY good and it's sauce with the Gnocci was an entirely wonderful accident!   Two had The Beef Borguignon (Excellently prepared!), two had the trout and the 14 year old got adventuresome and had.... Chicken. (Only because they had no Cheeseburgers), but we DID manage to get her to try an escargot (actually three!) and a dab of pate on a desséché (no sale). The other two had the trout and professed their delight in preparation and taste, but, for me?  It's fish.  Glad they liked it.
Staff was MOST solicitous and even got a French language lesson... I doubt she'll ever not know where the bathroom is in French again.  One personal touch; when our flowers hadn't arrived in time for our seating, they gave us one of their own lovely vases to make up for it.  When the ordered flowers DID arrive, they were anticlimactic!  Well done, that Girl!
A very, very nice 25th anniversary dinner for us, and best of all, no rushing about!  Thank you, Maitré  Albert for a superb experience and no exploding wine glasses.Loved the Jazz brunch. Really nice addition to Chestnut Hill restaurant scene. Be prepared to spend a little extra, but the food, drinks, and atmosphere demonstrate preparation and care. We enjoyed ourselves and will be back.Out table of 4 was impressed. Outstanding service. eclectic menu. Reservations are a must especially with the new jazz section downstairs. Cant wait until the warm weather to enjoy the outside seating. A Chestnut Hill gem. Check out the water features and fire pit around back by the free parking lot then stroll the Avenue after your meal.Consistently good food and service. I just wish they would add a bar to the jazz cau so after a good meal you could stop for a drink.What a delightful place! Certainly reminiscent of the quintessential Paris bistro. The pate, cassoulet & short rib were divine. Topping it off with a slice of almond cake & a French press was the perfect ending. Our waitress was wonderful - attentive allowing just the right dining pace. Can't wait to return.We had been talking about going here for a while and finally went Friday night.  We didn't have reservations but were able to sit at the bar.  Fyi if you are in the lower level they charge an additional $7 per person as a cover charge.  
Service was very good - the bartender was on top of everything and had good recommendations. 
 For an app we went with the pate.  Was very tasty but only came with 3 pieces of toast.  Had to request additional which they quickly went and got for us.  Not sure why only 3 small pieces considering the size of the pate?
For dinner I ordered the beef bourguignon.  The beef was done nicely - very tender.  The sides that came with it were disappointing though.  Carrots were way over salted.  The odd side was a large butternut squash ravioli.  First it did not go well with the beef sauce.  Second it was under done - the ravioli dough was crunchy on the edges.  Probably needed another 5 min to cook.
My wife had the duck cassoulet that had sausage and pork belly.  It was very heavy and there were not many vegetables (was like they forgot the white beans that were supposed to be included).
The jazz music was very enjoyable.  There are not many places like this - and was the highlight of our visit.
Overall - very pricey for average food.  Appetizer, 2 entrees, 1 desert, and wine = $200+ after tip and cover.
Would go back but would order different.Finally, a restaurant that serves very good food with excellent, professional service and wonderful ambiance.  
Sadly too often I have fond myself writing poor reviews on Yelp.  This is not the case with Paris Bistro. 
The restaurant itself has wonderful decor, truly giving you the feel of a French bistro.  The noise level is decent but not over-bearing, allowing for regular conversation.
Our server was prompt, courteous, and knowledgeable - exactly what you should expect but don't always get.
The menu selection was wonderful with plenty of French inspired dishes with a few alternatives for those in your party who may not want to go down that path.
We will definitely return for another dinner, as well as to try their brunch.We dined there last night and were disappointed.  The atmosphere is delightful but the tables for two are a bit too close & we heard the conversations of both parties on either side.  The service was spotty - we had to ask for a steak knife, our waitress actually turned and chatted with us as she was serving another table, we were only poured a half cup of coffee and had to request more.  We asked for the steak came well done when we had asked for it as medium.  The vegetable crepe didn't have much taste.  We had so much hope for this place but were let down.  We will give it another try in a few months.We went this evening for dinner and were very disappointed by the poor table accommodation, the average food, and slow kitchen. We made a reservation a week before for 6 persons. When we arrived on time we were forced onto a 4 top. When I raised this with the manager I was informed they always put six on a 4 person table and how comfortable it is. It was not comfortable or pleasant, with forks falling and no place to put our order of food when it finally came. This is a very successful restaurant, certainly it can afford to place 6 persons at a 6 person table. Unless, of course, you don't care. 
The first course, salad, oysters and escargot, was disappointing, but not as bad as our second and last course. The salad was gritty, clearly not properly cleaned and prepared. This was not the first time we had this experience at Paris Bistro, and thinking it was just a fluke the first time was obviously a mistake. The oysters were very good, but the escargot just average. Overall, there is much to improve. 
The second and our last course was late and terrible.  We skipped desert for a more reliable Entenmann's fudged iced cake. For the main course we ordered steak, rabbit, and the short ribs. Standard fare, but not well executed. The food came late, no doubt due to the over seating we experienced and it was cold. We sent the short rib back, which was returned without a discussion, and retuned in short order on a hot plate with hot food. Why it did come hot the first time is unclear, the kitchen certainly had plenty of time to heat it the first time. The steak came at the right temperature, medium rare, but tough and over sauced. From all this it was obvious that the kitchen was overwhelmed and rushed the food. The steak was over heated from the start causing it to turn hard and if it was finished in the oven, as claimed, it was only to keep it warm. Very poor food and an unpleasant experience overall and one we will not repeat.Celebrated a girlfriend's birthday at Paris Bistro. The Sunday brunch was excellent and paired well with Mimosas and Bloody Marys'. The restaurant is in the heart of Chestnut Hill and has a beautiful decor. What made our experience absolutely delightful was Mark's excellent service - he went above and beyond to make it a special and memorable event for us. 
Highly recommend!We had brunch at one of the outside tables.  It took what seemed like en eternity to get a seat even though there were open tables.  It was however labour day and I think the entire city was short staffed so I cannot hold it against them.  Once we were seated the service was great.  We both had the crepes and they were the best we ever had.  I also appreciated that that being a French restaurant they had French beer by the bottle.My wife and I ate here for her birthday and we really really enjoyed it. I had the crispy oysters with saffron aoli and she had the grilled cheese with tomato soup at the bar during happy hour, with a couple Kronenbourgs. They oysters were delicious but I would prefer more than the tiny dot of aoli on each. The grilled cheese with Comte and Gruyere was equally delicious. We moved to our table where my wife had the Bourguignon short rib and I had the Steak Frites. Both were great and well seasoned, a sign of a good chef is no salt and pepper on the table and no need to ask for it. The steak was perfectly cooked medium and was tender and honestly one of the best steaks I've eaten in a long time! Dessert included the chocolate mousse and tart citron which were really good too. The service was polite and professional without being overbearing. We will be back for my birthday! Mmmm Steak Frites, that was awesome.I have been to Paris Bistro many times while traveling to Philadelphia and have tried many items on the menu; each better than the next! The wait staff is stellar, the atmosphere is wonderful. I would go back to Philadelphia just for this restaurant!Was in town and decided to try Paris Bistro. Was pleasantly surprised. Very good service and delicious dinner. Recommend the beet salad and salmon. Also there was a red snapper special whic was very good!Here is a bit of tablecloth art:
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/paris-bistro-and-jazz-cafe-philadelphia#b0VuHMoAbVrl7bwA12JPAA
But why this this review 4 stars? Cause we had a good dinner with a cheery server and decent food.  And bartender came to our table and bought us a round.As a Chestnut Hill resident, I absolutely love having a venue for live jazz music. Based on their lower jazz cafe, I would rate Paris Bistro a 5/5 but unfortunately I found their food a bit redundant and wish that they had more frequent additions to the menu. There was no vegetarian dining option.Had a wonderful dinner here last night. Chris was our server and he nailed it on everything from the perfect Chablis to the Monkfish and Roasted Chicken. Try this place out if you haven't yet. It's well worth it.Such a cute place! Can't wait to come back for a meal. We stopped in just for dessert and coffee. I had the tart tartin which was light, small but a good size, and fluffy!
We also received tickets for jazz on either a thurs/sun night. Can't wait to try the rest of the menu !Excellent meal at Paris Bistro this past Friday. Arrived for a 9PM reservation and we were promptly seated. Service was great. We didn't feel rushed at all. There was a nice crowd of people at the bar, with it being a Friday night, so the place had a lively feel to it. It's also a very nice bar at that. Next time, we'll have to grab a drink there for sure. 
We started out with a variety of dishes for our first course. The Escargot were delicious!! I highly recommend that you try them (and get some extra bread for dipping into the sauce!) The Salmon Tartare and the Comte Custard with Cauliflower were also very tasty.
For entrees, the Cassoulet is definitely a must! It was delicious. Nice and crunchy with some delicious meats (duck, sausage and pork belly!) mixed with white beans. I could eat this once a week. The Short Rib Beef Bourguignon, the Salmon Cakes, and the Rabbit Fricassee were also very good. 
For dessert, try the Chocolate Mousse. It's awesome. 
This place is a great little addition to the Chestnut Hill scene. We'll definitely be coming back, most likely to check out the Jazz Bar downstairs too.I agree with the noise complaints - that is my big take-away.  It is extremely loud in this restaurant.
I have had two very different experiences - with the same waiter each time, interestingly enough.  The waiter was excellent.  It was the food that was off.
Our first experience was with a party of seven.  I ordered the mussels appetizer and steak frites.  The mussels in white wine garlic sauce were amazing... I couldn't get enough and I didn't want to share! They were briney, salty, tender.  Delicious.  My steak was perfectly cooked, tender.  The french fries were even delicious... I couldn't stop eating!
The second experience was with a party of two.  I ordered the exact same meal with the exact same server.  The mussels were icky... tasted somehow like cinnamon? I was glad to be sharing these mussels with my friend... she didn't mind them, but they just weren't what I was expecting.  I'm picky about my mussels!  I also ordered the steak frites.. this time the steak was so tough it was actually difficult to chew.  The french fries felt like they had been sitting under a warmer forever because even those were tough and dried out.  
Also - I tried to stop in for drinks one night and was told at the hostess stand that the bar was full and we should come back in about an hour.  The bar was busy... but not full.  It was just an odd experience, but I thought important to note.  
I will go back again, because I am just right down the street and would love to LOVE this restaurant.  When I do I will update my review.I'm very glad I finally got a chance to visit Paris Bistro.  We went for Sunday Brunch and I really enjoyed my dining experience. The restaurant has a very pleasant ambience. The feel of this place was perfect for a Sunday afternoon, but I can also see it being great for an evening dinner.  While the jazz cafe gets going in the evenings, there was a wonderful guitar player during our visit that played a variety of music at just the right noise level for the room.
We had a variety of brunch options including the morning breads basket, blueberry beignets, Omelettes, French toast, ham, etc... The food was enjoyable and there was a decent variety of options and sides. They had some light cocktail options for brunch as well. 
Service was attentive and pleasant. The food was good, atmosphere great, and overall a relaxing enjoyable meal!We actually had a part two and were able to enjoy drinks and dessert.
I had a couple of old fashioneds (is that the proper plural for the drink?), one with rye and the other with bourbon (for testing purposes) and my wife enjoyed some rose again. We also split the almond cake which was delicious! I was tempted to order another but logic won out.
Definitely a go to place in the 'hood.The food, the ambiance, and the service were exceptional. The duck, and short rib entree were both flavorful and expertly prepared. The band that evening was on point and although it an intimate venue the music was not overwhelming and it didn't hinder coversatom at the table. I will definitely recommend it to my friends in town, plus make a return visit the next time I'm in Philly!I'm from Oregon and came here with my friend that lives locally.  The food was excellent, Norwegian Eggs Benedict, Liver Pate, and The Full French Breakfast. The live guitarist was a perfect addition to the atmosphere. The only fault was that there were multiple menu options not available, they were out of them.  The good news, I wouldn't have ordered them.Incredible decor!  Chef Al Paris has the best style in philly. Everything his team does is worth visiting. This place is no exception. The kitchen has no doors, he wants everyone to experience the joy of cooking. As a matter of fact, he told me tonight is Julia Child night. Wish I could return for another great meal. 
The staff is very personable. Lauren was a pleasure to speak with and we hope her keyboard drys out after a little coffee mishap. Again, we appreciate the warmth and sincerity of everyone on the team.Beautiful ambiance, attentive waitstaff, relaxed atmosphere, delicious food. A perfect dining experience, if that exists!
My husband had the oysters of the day and I , the chicken liver pate. Perfect appetizers with St. Germaine cocktails.
Main courses were seafood crepes and mustard encrusted salmon. The food was 
excellent, in preparation and presentation.
A superb dining experience!I went here for an early Sunday brunch. We sat outside. It was on the sidewalk, but it was cute and comfortable. The French theme makes this restaurant unique. We shared the crab and avocado tartine, and I highly recommend it, I look forward to trying the others. Overall, this was a nice experience with good food and service.What's not to like?  Nothing like this in Chestnut Hill; a great addition.  Very cosy with an adventurous bistro menu.  Could maybe use a few more wine glass pours, but what they had was solid.  Wonderful, small bar and attentive staff.  Me like.Nice restaurant, just didn't quite seem worth the price. The dishes were definitely good, but not great. Service was excellent, and it did truly remind me of a french bistro. Didn't get a chance to check out the jazz downstairs, but that looked like a nice place to grab a drink. I just wasn't super impressed by the food given it's expense, but I would go back to check out the jazz club downstairs (they serve food down there) or if a friend wanted to go back.Superb service, food, wine and drink. My trout was amazing.  Serviced impeccable.  Very Parisian.  I would HIGHLY recommend this place for dinner, drinks and jazz in the basement on weekends.  Bravo!I really wanted to like this place as it is in a great location and has an excellent appearance both inside and outside.  The service is good and attentive. However the food and drink were below average in my opinion. First, the baguette bread was improperly sliced and very difficult to break apart. The chicken liver pate was mushy and not firm; it also had a rather bland taste. The French Onion soup used very strong flavored onions giving it an unpleasant taste, almost like having too much salt. I ordered a sangria and what I got was anything but - it was some sweet white wine like a Riesling with a couple of slices of mango in it. I sent it back telling the waitress what a sangria punch was supposed to be. I did receive back a red wine with mixed fruit, but the wine was powerfully tannic and very unpleasant (bitter) to the taste.  Heaven knows what the bartender did to it.  So basically the food here is substandard. I will never go here again.Paris Bistro only opened a week ago but I hope it becomes a permanent fixture in Chestnut Hill.  The food is amazing.  The crab cakes were the best I've ever tasted, fresh, light, and tender.   My only regret is that I didn't try more from the menu.  The portions are definitely "European-sized," so don't forgo a starter and a side or two with your entree.  You will also have room for a delicious dessert, so don't skip it!  The decor made us feel like we were back in Paris, and the jazz music playing in the background was a nice touch.  The basement will soon be a live jazz venue, as well.  The bar was lively and I highly recommend the signature "Coupe de Grace" cocktail.  It was a bit noisy because of so many conversations, but that didn't detract from our experience.  Our only complaint was that we overheard a manager (at least that's who we thought it was) telling our waiter to "hurry up and get their dessert orders" as a line of diners waiting to eat was forming at the front.  The waiter didn't really make an attempt to get coffee/after dinner drink orders and our dessert did come out quickly.  But he was polite and attentive and I think this is just the restaurant getting the hang of a busy Saturday night.  I think that if you have a Paris-style restaurant you should be prepared to have diners who keep their table for much longer than a typical restaurant--after all, lingering over a good meal with good company without feeling rushed is part of what makes the experience.  (And the longer you stay the more you eat and drink!) So, despite that, I definitely plan to return and I can't recommend it enough.  Definitely a new favorite.Very average food at a high price point.  We really enjoyed the atmosphere, however we were unable to overlook the poor service.Went for dinner last night. Seated at 7:20 p.m. but had no food (including bread and butter) until 8:10 p.m. The warm Camembert appetizer was ice cold. Our drinks were served to the table next to ours, twice. The food was good but not spectacular. Charged for a salad that no one had. Don't think I'll be going back. Majorly disappointed.Very cute little bistro with great jazz lounge downstairs. Perfect meal/price is a bottle of wine, a few apps, and a main dish to split followed by a dessert. The mussels are excellent, and the apple tart dessert is fantastic.Last night was my fourth visit to Paris Bistro and it was excellent as ever.  We sat in the Jazz Cafe for a night of dining and music, and it was a perfect date night.  We each started with a cocktail, a martini for me and a French Old Fashioned for my husband.  Both were excellent.  We shared the Chicken Liver Pate as a starter, and it was delicious and large enough for two.  For entrees, he had the roasted chicken, and I ordered the Salmon & Shrimp pistou over butternut risotto.  It was fabulous and was a large portion.  All the while, we were being charmed and entertained by the jazz band playing - a great group featuring three horn players, a fabulous crooner of a singer playing guitar, and a 14 year old prodigy on stand up bass.  My husband and I are in our 40s and while we like all kinds of music, I wouldn't classify us a knowing a lot about jazz, but you can't beat being on a date night with your love, great drinks, fabulous food and great music when it comes to a romantic night.  The service was great too.  We can't wait to come back!Both kids were asleep by 8:30 and grandma was over so we took advantage of the rare opportunity to escap...have a date night to ourselves.
We had passed by Paris countless times and decided tonight was the night to give it a shot. We were both in our respective 'mom' and 'dad' clothes (she - tank top with what may or may not be spit up, strategically hidden by wrinkles and creases, comfy pants and active sandals, he - plain faded t-shirt, faded shorts and reef flip flops) but we still entered, undaunted. We EARNED THIS DATE!
There were some seats open at the bar so we bellied up and the bartender gave us menus to look over. My wife ordered a glass of sparkling Rose because I think all of the young and beautiful people are drinking that these days, if the NY Post is to be believed. I ordered the tre chic, Negroni, that I've also been reading all about these days.
As we plotted the plates that we would order to share, our drinks were served and we both enjoyed them very much. It was then that I felt the vibration in my pocket. I wanted to ignore it but I kind of knew what the call was about. I took a long sip of my drink to steel my nerves and picked up the phone
Grandma -  "Uh, I hate to break it to you, uh..."
Me - "she's awake, isn't she?" I couldn't handle the rest of the conversation so I handed the phone over to my wife as I signaled for the check. 
Our on the whim french dinner would have to wait for another day, however, we were seated quickly on a Saturday night, my cocktail was delicious and we got a whiff of freedom and whimsy for all of ~15 minutes, hence, 4 stars.
We'll need to revisit and hopefully enjoy a mouthful of food or two in order to round out my experience.I was having a craving for escargot. Wasn't up to going to parc last so we found Paris bistro and haven't been there before so we thought it would be fun. 
Upon walking in it looked really nice the decor was spot on. Was greeted with a warm welcome and seated promptly.  The server was very helpful and attentive. 
We ordered the escargot. We had said we would both have the escargot but they only sent out one dish. Thankfully because they came out cold and with a pile of what seemed liked steam onions and peppers with super thin portobello mushrooms.(in my opinion should never be thin sliced ruins the mushroom) The garlic butter sauce was scarce and bland. 
For dinner we ordered the duck Pappardella pasta and crab gallete. 
The duck was okay and for it being the Sunday special it should blow your socks off. The egg noodles were not seasoned and the duck was kinda scarce and just on the plate. 
The crab gallete were okay nothing to write home about. 
The reason I gave a second star is for the waitress being friendly and helpful and the parking lot in the back. I won't be going back sad to say because I like the chestnut hill area and I have only heard good things about it.I'm a fan of Bistros. We visited Paris for brunch and were quite please. Whether your hankering is sweet or savory there are tasty choices for everyone. The live guitar was an added treat!First time visit and not disappointed. From the moment my wife and I walked in the door until we left, it was a great experience. Wish I could remember her name but our server was excellent, not to mention the food. Big fan of the crab/avocado cocktail.Great experience! The food was delicious and the Jazz was lively as was the crowd. Dress up a little of you'll feel a bit out of place.We wandered in last night during a stroll down Germantown. The hostess said she could seat us downstairs in 20 mins so we took her up on the offer. The basement becomes an intimate jazz club thurs-Saturday. It looked pretty cool and the band was good...I don't know anything about jazz but all of the old people loved it so I assume they were talented.  Speaking of old people, I'd say the average age in the basement jazz club area was 64. Chestnut Hill always tends to be an older crowd but this was the oldest I've ever seen. 
The seating downstairs is very jammed. The man at the table next to us kept jumping in our conversation and it was weird. Also some people kept shushing everyone because they wanted to listen to the music and not talk. Had I known what it would have been like downstairs, I would have waited for another night to make a reservation and eat upstairs. They charged $5/person for an entertainment fee to sit downstairs.  I'd only recommend sitting down there if you're really interested in the music and not so interested in talking to your dinner date. 
The food was very good. I had French onion soup and it was one of the best I've ever tasted. I also ordered the scallops and they were delicious. My one food complaint is that they garnished it with chopped carrots. It looks pretty but raw carrots on scallops or steak does not taste very good. 
I am interested in coming back and trying the upstairs dining experience out. So far, I think this place is a great addition to the neighborhood.Pleasantly surprised. Ate at the bar with a couple of friends which was great as the wait for a table was extremely long. Everything was delicious and the bartenders gave good recommendations for food and wineAppetizers, the cheese selection , dinners and desserts were delicious!
The service was excellent .  We will be regulars!Exceptionally good food, great music, delicious cocktails. A little pricey, but worth it for caliber of food and service. Five stars all around!Went for a bday dinner on a Saturday night and made reservations for downstairs jazz lounge. 
Pros:  Food was very good. Music was very good. 
Cons:  service was  bad. From host and delay in getting seated to wait staff. Very Slow. Staff was pretentious and superficial without high level of service to back it up. 
Food and music good. If you go for that and don't mind unfriendly slow staff it's good place to go.Terrible!  Please do not even waste your time or money.  We decided to try dinner there tonight for their $1 oysters.  The oysters were filthy and tasteless...and we are praying food poisoning does not set in soon.  Our sparkling wine was lukewarm, service was extremely slow, my burger, which I sent back, was grisly...and then they proceeded to charge me for the salad I ordered in its place.  Lobster bisque was meh...mussels very small...not to mention the fruit flies flying over table throughout meal.  Very, very disappointed.This place is not closed on Sunday, yelp is wrong.  In fact they have a jazz brunch on Sunday.  Very cute atmosphere, attentive, friendly service and good food.  Interesting wine and cocktail menu.  This place is here to stay!One of the best meals I have had in life. The only downside was that it was pricey, but I knew that going in so I did not get a heart attack when I saw the bill. The plat du jour was scallops and they were really well prepared. I do not know of too many places where they have so much choice when it comes to fish. Definitely recommend it as a fancy place for a date.Went there for the first time for Valentine's weekend.  The food was very good and service was very attentive.  The entertainment was also top notch. Atmosphere was authentic and similar to cafe's I've been to in Paris.  My only complaint is that the stage is on top of the dining area if you get seated near it.  Next time, I'll ask for a table a little further in the back.Travelling on Germantown Avenue in December is reminiscent of the City of Light - Paris. When we arrived at Paris restaurant the dream was fulfilled. Divine scallops, luscious escargots, Lyonnaise salad with perfectly paired dressing. Staff was spot on with wine suggestions - reasonably priced white burgundy. All reminded us why we love returning here so often.Been twice.  Ate upstairs in the restaurant and downstairs in the bar.  Great service both times.  LOVED the chicken entree - perfectly seasoned, juicy.  Bravo.  2nd visit I had the Bouillabaisse - just OK.  Love the ambience downstairs.  Restaurant is a little loud.  Overall, I really like this place but the prices are a little high.Very nice atmosphere. I love the curtains to curtail the cold air. Compliments to the chef.....The salmon cakes with spinach was delightful. I highly recommend!Since Chestnut Hill is by far my favorite part of the city, I am always glad when a good restaurant opens. I have been to Paris Bistro twice. Overall a great experience. The staff is obviously trained to be attentive and friendly and they do a great job. I have had 2 dinners. The Rotisserie chicken was perfect as were the accompanying vegetables. Last night, I had the Crepe du jour. Crab and rice. It was delicious. The lobster bisque and the French onion soup are outstanding also. I only have 2 gripes. 1: They are extremely busy and all of the little mistakes that occur in a busy restaurant are occurring (having to wait beyond reservation time, people bumping into you and your table, noise etc). 2: Both times I have been there, I have had to sit near the entrance. And even though they have a curtain to guard from the cold, you get a blast of cold air every time the door opens. Overall, they are doing a great job and the food has been magnifique!If you want attitude and over pay, just visit Paris. It's like going to Paris but in America. They treat you like an awkward foreigner in their restaurant.  We couldn't believe it. The host (60 year old Parisian) belittled us for being 15 minutes late on a Saturday night. We called at 710 prior and explained that we were Havertown MF problems finding parking. Upon entering the restaurant, literally less than 5 minutes later, we were told that if we showed earlier than we would be seated in the dinning room but now only had room for us in the bar.Paris is only a few blocks away from our house, and is one of our favorite date night spots. About a year ago I did a low key "bachelorette party" with my girlfriends along Germantown Avenue. We made a stop at Paris where they set us up with a great table and made sure we were having fun. Less than a year later I was pregnant with my first baby! One night in particular I was too tired to leave the house, but had a MAJOR hankering for Creme Brulee. (I know.) Anyhow, Paris (who does not do takeout) make an exception and let my husband swing by and get Creme Brulee to go. They've seriously exceeded my expectations at every turn!!You ever not been to Paris, France and find yourself imagining what it might be like there?  Maybe you've watched a movie in your life? Maybe a movie about Paris?  Quaint. Simple. Boring you out of your mind.  Let's venture into a "Lovely little bistro, n'est-ce pas?".
So, having gotten my "Hey Arnold" reference for this review out of the way, I'd like to preface the rest of this review with a question: Have you ever paid anything for a bread basket at a restaurant? How about ten bucks?  Now, I don't even mind the thought of that... if, let's say, there was a fountain of baguettes streaming out of the basket, directly into my mouth.  There was ONE, count it, one croissant.  The rest of the basket was meager at best.  Certainly not worth ten dollars.
Ok cool, the bread is a rip off.... Can I have some carrot juice? "Sorry we just ran out" Oh great, now (since I don't feel like getting drunk today) I have two other options (almost being literal here)... well what if I do want to get drunk? Great... you have about three more options.
Let's talk about the waiter... I know the French are known for being sassy, but c'mon dude... You just sassed straight into my meal, and now all I can taste is your bitter heart.
On to the next coeurs (PUN!)
My meal sucked.  It was legitimately a small portioned version of any typical ham and bacon diner entree and I made the mistake of ordering my eggs poached (they put some really disgusting attempt at a remoulade straight on it).
There are some saving graces to this place... They have Orangina, and it's very clean.  We got to go downstairs (as a special allowance) to see the Jazz/bar area (which is effectively a Jazz club Mon-Thurs after 6).  A lazy lady lay falling asleep, as she drooled onto a smartphone buzzing with angry birds, at the top of the steps that led into the jazz lounge.  She gestured us on when we told her we'd been given permission to go down (we probably could have walked out with a few bottles of liquor).
I may change my opinion of this place if I ever go back for Jazz night... but I probably won't (go back or change my opinion).  It's a shame because I see a lot of potential for a spot like this, but the location seems to be cursed, having turned over any number of owners/businesses in the last 10-20 years, sometimes simply being closed for a few years on end.  Bon chance my friends.The atmosphere was great.  I ordered Croque Madame but it was little bit salty.  However,  the service was excellent and I would definitely go back to try it another dish.One of the few restaurants I am willing to drive an hour to visit. Paris Bistro remains our favorite spot for a quintessential French Bistro experience. Walking into Paris Bistro the atmosphere is elegant and inviting. It is formal enough for date night, but we still feel comfortable taking our children there for a special meal. 
The food is out of this world fabulous. I started off last night's meal with oysters drizzled with a savory emulsion and red caviar. The taste was unique and superb. My 2nd course was grouper and scallops in a divine glaze. For an entree I had Confit of Duck with a potato puree served off the bone with roasted apples. The dessert was a poached pear served a portion of Brie cheese. 
We had a nice French Rose wine with dinner and I switched to red for dessert. The experience reminded me of my visit to Paris very much. It is not inexpensive, but definitely worth a visit.Solid but nothing to write home about. I had the bouillabaise and thought it was nice but somewhat mediocre....especially in comparison to other stellar versions in Phila (Oyster House, for one). I am bummed that they dropped one of the few local brunch options too!Great brunch in a charming little corner pub, cobblestones and trolley tracks out front, tin ceiling and lamps reminiscent of early 1900s Paris. Excellent service, high quality food and good value. Live music Sunday morning, jazz club downstairs. Lively but still able to hold conversationI was taken here on a surprise date with my boyfriend last Sunday and have been singing my praises ever since. Upon walking down the charming cobblestoned streets of Chestnut Hill and being led to this cute little corner cafe, I was expecting a nice dinner with a glass of red wine. We were early for our reservation and were greeted by a lovely hostess who agreed to seat us early, as the Sunday night crowd was pretty mild. She lead us through a hallway and down the stairs into the jazz cafe (which I had no idea existed, clearly!). The room was beautiful and the crowd was intimate, with dim lighting and a performance area that was decorated with strings of light, adding a touch of charm and magic to the room. I had instant butterflies. 
Our waitress Madeline was extremely pleasant and informative of the menu, adding to what a wonderful experience this turned out to be. We started with the escargot that was served in a butter garlic sauce and soaked up every last bit of it with the delicious French bread that was served upon our arrival. My boyfriend had the Coq au Vin and the chicken was cooked to perfection. Extremely flavorful and juicy, I stole about three bites. I had the Steak Frites Maison served with truffle butter and a horseradish dipping sauce, and it was just as delicious. For dessert we had the creme brûlée and a hazelnut chocolate tart (forgot the name!). While I enjoyed the chocolate hazelnut tart, the creme brûlée was the star of the show. I could not get over how creamy and flavorful it was, it took everything in me not to steal the dish from my boyfriend and lick the plate clean. Seriously that good, seriously recommend it.
The entertainment aspect was what made this whole experience so special and unforgettable. Lucie Daigle & Beau Jazz performed, giving us the sweet sounds of beautiful French jazz. Her voice was absolutely breath taking, and the band was just as incredible. 
I cannot say enough good things about the entire evening, and I certainly cannot wait to go back for more. I have been recommending Paris to my friends and family from the moment we walked back to the car and hope this review finds anyone who loves good food, good music, and good company.Lovely visual atmosphere created by a mix of old-school wooden bar, industrial-style exposed ceilings, wooden floors, and funky terrariums. Unfortunately catering solely to the visual does not lend itself to creating a restaurant in which one can carry a conversation: the bare floors and walls echo, especially when seated near the kitchen.
The food was not on par with other bistro-style offerings in Philadelphia (e.g., Parc). The fries weren't crispy, the duck was dry, and the seasoning overall was just so-so. Dishes that were enjoyed: the shrimp cocktail, snails, and burger (large and very messy).
NB: A fellow diner said that her last experience was actually much better, so perhaps the kitchen was just having an off-night.Had one of the best meals of my lifeat tParis. Crab cakes that were really all crab, asparagus, and baked small potatoes that were soft on the inside and crispy on the outside. The service was excellent;  the decor divine. And don't even get me started about the truffle Parmesan french fries. My daughter has gluten intolerance, but it turns out that the only thing they put in the fryer is the french fries so she devoured this special treat. My special treat was the almond cake for dessert it was light with a crunchy crust and the strong flavor of almond paste; I have never had such a fabulous dessert.
We ate in the jazz café downstairs so we were treated to delightful entertainment aka Billie Holiday style for just $7 a person. This was a magical evening with my daughter. She has a three-year-old so we don't often get a chance to just chat ourselves, but this was extra special.Nice brunch! Beet salad and avocado egg were tasty first courses. The French toast was among the best I've had. Trout with green beans was very good. Chocolate mousse was very rich, while the sorbet was unremarkable. 
The service was only adequate -- better by the support staff than our waiter. I HATE when servers take dishes before all guests have finished.After an 8:00 Saturday night performance at the Stagecrafters Playhouse, we went to the Paris Bistro. It was the first time there for all three of us.
The interior of the restaurant was very charming. Hostess was very accommodating. Waitress was nice.
Ordered the five cheese tray as an appetizer which was very good. For my entree I ordered the Short Rib Bourguignon. Every component on the plate was highly disappointing in flavor and execution. The beef was stringy. The pasta of the butternut ravioli was gummy, like it had been previously frozen and not freshly made. The roasted carrots were cold. The plate the food was served on was cold, which probably contributed to sucking the heat out of the food. The only thing that was hot, was the sauce that was poured over the meat and ravioli. The sauce did not compliment the ravioli. I would have preferred to have a mashed potato or the ravioli served in a sage butter sauce. 
I would not order this dish again. I told the waitress my feedback when asked how the meal was. She seemed irritated that I didn't rave about the dish. She said she would tell the chef the next day when he came in, so I do not know who was executing the food in the kitchen.Food is very, very traditional French. No surprises on the menu. Everything is great though. I'd definitely go back. Great wine list and not too badly marked up.We wanted to support our neighborhood and go out for a 'Chestnut hill restaurant month' dinner and booked a table for 4 at Paris Bistro on a Sunday night. It was pouring rain but the restaurant was crowded. After tasting the food, I'm not sure why it was so crowded, I can only surmise that many of the diners were trying Paris for the first time or else we in CH were so tired of seeing the empty Melting Pot venue that we are willing to accept mediocrity. We are great fans of Center city restaurant week and were excited to try something new in walking distance of home. when we asked for the restaurant month menu we were told it is only available between 5 and 6 and after 9:30pm. WTF, whoever heard of such a limitation? 
On the plus side the staff were nice, helpful and friendly and the service was prompt. Oh, and also the chairs are super comfy! However, although the food came out fast it was strangely mixed up - the soup was scalding hot but the burgers and fries were cold.  The French onion soup at Panera is much better. The tuna on the salad Nicoise was an odd shade of grey.  The portions are unpredictable; the burgers were huge, the total amount of fries was about 1/8 the size of the burger bun. I got the beet and goat cheese salad ($12) which had 2 slices of red beet and spoonful of gold beets,  1 tiny sprig of something green and the tiniest sliver of goat cheese. 
Overall, deeply disappointing. Paris should not participate in restaurant month if they are going to be so mean spirited about it and then serving average quality food for high end prices is just not a good way to get repeat customers!! 
noThe food was good. The service was atrocious. We waited a long time for everything and the place was not that busy. Our waitress was a hit and run server. We flagged down anyone we could for our drinks, coffee, food. When the food arrived it was cold. The waitress never checked in with us after the food was served and when we told her when we paid the bill she said "You should have told me." Um, we couldn't find you.Went last night with friends for some dinner and live jazz.   This was not my first time visiting this place.   Since the last visit the place has added a lot more seating and has become very crowded and noisy.   The lighting was extremely dim and I had to borrow my friends small flashlight to read the menu.  The food was excellent and the service was fine.   The band played well and the featured artist,  a woman named Jesse Kyle was very fine.   The band should have done a sound check before starting their set.   The bass was waaaaaaay  too loud and the piano could not be heard.   The three screaming banshees seated at our adjacent table obviously didn't care to listen to the band and were oblivious of other diners who were trying to hear the performers above their loud conversation.    I don't know what the  "lawful occupancy"  is for this place but I would guess that if the Philadelphia Fire Marshall were to visit this place on a Friday night the owners would have been fined for exceeding that limit.   Moving about the first and second floors was very difficult and uncomfortable.    Please, please let there never be a fire in this place during business hours.   I would hate to hear that folks were trampled to death in their attempt to flee a conflagration in the lower level jazz cafe.   As mentioned,  the food and service were fine but the  "ambience"  was tantamount  to dining in a moving subway train during rush hour.   I doubt that I'll return.We expected more from a place named "Paris". It was hard to feel as if we were at a French place)-: The "pate" Chicken reminded my friend of something else... Please add more French items to your menu as well as more reasonable priced items and French entertainment. Thanks.Excellent dinner! Classic trout almondine was wonderful. The atmosphere was classic French. Intimate setting. Wait staff were attentive.Aesthetically pleasing, but poorly designed interior which lends itself to a very noisy dining experience. The folks that greet you aren't the friendliest, either.
But the food was great. The pate is superb and the steak frites was perfect. I did have to send both of my dirty martinis back because neither time did the bartender make them dirty. 
Our server was friendly, but we did feel a bit rushed at the end of our meal. 
The rating is based solely on the taste and quality of the food.I went for buck a shuck Monday. I got there right around 5 pm. The place was empty and I didn't expect a large crowd around that time. I was the first person ordered oysters, however, the groups sitting next to me for theirs before me. I found it annoying. Then mine came out but the tray had more than a dozen. After my first round of oysters, I asked for another dozen, but this time the tray only had a 1/2 dozen. There was a new bartender behind the counter but he wasn't allow to serve alcohols. I found it odd. Perhaps he isn't old enough - under 21?  Finally, i asked for check. Another issue. The check didn't have correct amount of oysters I ordered for the evening. I left the place little after 7 and place was still empty. Can't beat the buck a shock deal, but received rather poor service.Made a proper reservation but hostess moved us from a good table to crowded table lying to us about needing the space for a large party.   Food was average.  Never return to a restaurant that feels they are doing you a favor by letting you eat there.My boyfriend and I had an incredible anniversary dinner here last week and it definitely deserves 5 stars. Our service was great and food was incredible. Such a cute, upscale, yet quaint feel. We sat upstairs forgetting to mention we were trying to catch the jazz show but we could still hear it a tiny bit upstairs.
We started with some wine, oysters and tomato/herb salad. The tomato salad was very unique coming out with skinned plum and cherry tomatoes soaked in balsamic, oil, basil and red onion that we got some toast to eat these on. I can't say the cherry tomatoes soaked up the flavor well but it was delicious nonetheless. 
We got the leg of lamb in a honey thyme sauce and the steak frites. Both of us made an awkward pleased groan for the first bite of these. The lamb was cooked so well. Tender and sliced in a stack to get smothered by that tasty brown honey thyme sauce. It got a little sweet towards the end, but didn't care one bit. Steak was cooked perfectly to my boyfriend's liking too and came with a cream sauce and tiny little french flag. We were surprised these dishes weren't more expensive.
Had so much food and took the lamb home for another meal. I heated it up last night and the bf came running down the stairs saying "oh my god, is that the lamb? you better give me a bite."
We have to come back and check out the jazz club side!Another meal in Paris, another three star rating.  At this point I just consider Paris a decent French restaurant that happens to be near where I live. There is nothing exceptional about it except for perhaps the atmosphere. It looks nice.  My dinner entrée steak and frites was okay enough but not at all memorable as was the salmon I tasted.  The beet and goat cheese salad with ingredients kept separate on the plate looked the prettiest but was not as tasty as those which have been mixed.  The service was just not good.  It took us three tries to get our waitress to complete our drink orders - she would take one drink order and go put that in to the bartender without taking the rest of our drink orders.  I've never seen that before.  Getting bread was also kind of strange - enough for just half the party.  By that time, we just accepted that 'she was what she was'.  Of course the bill was added up wrong - isn't it computerized?   We told her about it but she didn't understand so the manager came over to deal with it.  By the way - the bill was added up wrong in our favor...a decimal point was wrong - the restaurant would have lost a lot of money.  We were trying to be honest.  Anyway - that is middle-of-the-road three star Paris Restaurant.Live this placeExcellent Easter Sunday brunch with a special prix fix menu. Our party had the eggs Benedict, french toast, salad lyonnaise, avocado crab entree and some chicken hazelnut salad...all phenomenal with excellent service. Loved the Edith Piaf music and the authentic Parisian Bistro feel. Cant wait to return for their regular brunch.The restaurant has a beautiful design and is at a great location. The servers made a thoughtful effort however from a culinary and operational perspective this restaurant is a failure.  While there was an abundance of servers and staff in the kitchen, this restaurant had no ability to get food out in a timely matter. This sucks when you are having a family bunch with an 82 grandfather and two toddlers. Once the food finally arrived after an endless wait, it was distinctly unremarkable. The fresh fruit was mushy and the croissants were clearly reheated from a frozen processing. The omelet was flat and rubbery. In addition, with the guitar player and no rugs or wall hangings it was just too damn loud to hear anything.  This restaurant has great potential because of its location, concept, and decor; however it desperately needs a new operations manage and a new chef to make sure it can produce high quality food and even higher quality service.This restaurant is so noisy you cannot hold a conversation. The service however is excellent.  If you have food allergies or intolerance this is not the place for you.  The menu is too complex and the kitchen doesn't understand how to accommodate you.  They say they can, but they cannot.  Been here twice now and was very sick the next day both times.  I'm sure it's fine for regular diners but if you ask for allergy issues around gluten/soy/yeast, don't expect them to make sure you are safe.Food was mediocre at best and service is terrible. There must have been what looked like 2 managers and 2 hostesses working the floor. One would think that they would keep things running smoothly. We sat at 7:00 and by 7:40 had to get up from the table to seek out a manager to request our waitress to come take our order. The table next to us walked out. Of the 7 people in our party only 1 liked their meal. Clearly, they are trying to copy Parc. If that is the goal they have a long way to go. The front of the house spent more time wandering and chatting with each other than checking in with guests. That was the second time I've been there. First was brunch and I said I would not go back after that visit but I thought I'd give it a second chance. I was right the first time!My fave spot on the hill! Priced right for what it is, and it is always delicious and satisfying! Service is great, the option of music is nice, and the food is classic! Drinks are spot on, happy hour is filling. A charming neighborhood spot that is worth going a little bit out of your way for. Chef Paris is a sweet guy who regularly comes out to check on his patrons. Love it.Went for Sunday brunch with two friends; they (as well as numerous other friends) had been there for dinner and loved it, but no one had tried the brunch.  We got an 11:30 reservation because no reservations were available - two days in advance - at noon. We were seated immediately and our server came right over.  So far, so good.  We ordered a French press coffee for the table, which she brought over promptly and suggested we let it brew for a couple of minutes before pouring it out.  When we pressed the plunger and poured out the coffee, it was shockingly weak - I mean, dishwater weak.  We called our server over, who told us that she had used the amount the restaurant required, which was 5 tablespoons of coffee.  For almost 8 cups of coffee??? She brought us another pot, which was stronger, but really sour.  OK, maybe making good coffee is harder than I thought...  
My friends both had the eggs Benedict with crabmeat; I asked the waitress what she would recommend between the eggs Florentine and the chicken and spinach crepe with mushroom sauce - on her recommendation, I went with the crepe.  And shouldn't have.  My friends' eggs were perfectly cooked, the crab meat was nicely seasoned and generously proportioned, and they were really happy.  My dish, on the other hand, looked as though someone had dumped a can of condensed cream of mushroom soup on top of my meal.  Too much, too thick, too floury, and too bland - there was only one piece of mushroom, which was chewy/rubbery, but at least it was a mushroom, so they weren't lying about what they were going to put on my crepe.  As to the crepe itself, it was hard to judge how good it was because of the overwhelming amount of sauce; the filling was decent and nicely seasoned, but it wasn't enough to overcome the glop on top.  Oh, and did I mention that it was barely warm when it came to the table?  My share of the bill before tip came to $21 - absolutely not worth it.
It's a nice room although I expect when it's really full it would be quite noisy.  (FWIW, there was no apparent reason for us not to get a noon reservation - at 12:15 the room was still at least 1/3 empty.)  Service was attentive until we'd gotten our food, at which time our server disappeared; she checked on us as soon as our meals arrived, and the manager swung by the table at one point, but when we had finished and were looking to have our plates cleared and get the bill. it was nothing but tumbleweeds for almost 15 minutes.  The place isn't that big, people, you could see we were done.
If you want the bistro atmosphere with better food, I'd recommend Parc or the Caribou Cafe without hesitation.  Paris Bistro isn't that impressive.Wonderful French Bistro on Germantown Avenue in Chestnut Hill. Had dinner for a party of four and everything from beginning to end was perfect! French bread is served WARM for the table. We had escargot, mussels with frites to start and the scallops, vegetarian crepe and trout for the entrees. Scallops were cooked perfectly, not rubbery at all from over-cooking. Trout has crisp skin and tender body and vegetarian crepe was so flavorful! Service was excellent to top it off and I will definitely return again next time I am in the area.Updated Review:
I'm taking off a star (probably should be one and a half off) because of the experience we had here last night. We come to Paris pretty frequently, but it was a busy winter and we hadn't been in a while. We made a reservation at the jazz club for an early dinner. The ambiance and music was great, the food was good, but our server was pretty bad. Another guy got us our drinks because she hadn't been by yet. When she got to the table, we ordered our appetizer but told her we were still deciding on the rest. A while later, we ordered a salad and our food, and she asks us if we still want the appetizer. Umm, yes, we thought we already ordered it! The carpaccio appetizer was good but the Dijon was so overpowering - it's the type of mustard you feel in your nose and there was too much. If I get it again I would ask for the mustard on the side. 
Anyway, for dinner my husband got the short ribs (yum!) and I got the steak frites. I ordered my steak medium, but it was more on the medium rare side so I very politely asked if she could ask them to throw it back on the grill for a little bit. She took it back, and the same guy who got our drinks came and apologized (maybe the manager?). Anyway, I got my steak back and it was fine. I didn't finish so I asked the waitress to wrap the rest of my food up. Never saw the food again. While my husband and I were talking about what we should get for dessert (bc we still have an hour left of the babysitter!) she quietly drops the check and walks away without a word. Okay, I guess we are not getting any dessert or anything else at all. We might have said something but it took her so long to come back to pick up the check, we were too annoyed to want to stay anyway. Maybe she was avoiding us bc she was mad I sent the steak back? Or bc she must have accidentally thrown out my leftovers? Who knows, but after spending almost $200 on dinner, I wish we had left happy. We ended up going across the street to fresh market to get cookies and coffee for dessert, and picked up the baby early. I still like this restaurant so we will probably give it another shot, but it may be a while until I get past this!
As an added bonus, I later got an email from open table that I had missed my reservation at Paris. Even though we did check in with the hostess with our name and told her we had a reservation.Classic French bistro in Chestnut Hill. Excellent! Good wine by the glass selection and incredible escargots. Definitely worth the drive! Menu is classic- felt like I was in a Parisian cafe but I was on Germantown Ave.I enjoyed myself at this downstairs live jazz place. My waitress was knowledgeable, attentive and she knew how to upsell me into some wine with my perfect seared trout. The dinner was tasty. The escargot had too much butter but they were good, My guest had the rabbit and that was amazingly tender. The jazz great,Stopped in for drinks ended up having dinner We had an amazing time great music, Ella's Gant, Webb Thomas, great service and amazing game food. I had Salmon but the crab avocado was great as wellAll our food was well prepared and tasty. Steak frites and the truffle fries were probably the best two dishes. 
The wait staff was attentive. The bread portion was small but they brought two refills with no issues.Sunday brunch with a couple even older than we are.  Parking was great before noon on Sunday.  Table was in a corner where we'd been before - too noisy, but it was crowded.  Two takers for The Full French, one for eggs benedict, one for something else, one for onion soup.  My fancy bloody mary took a long time to get there.  The soup had to be prompted (waitress forgot).  Entrees arrived prior to my finishing my soup - a telltale giveaway.  A Full English in GB has about double the food as the PB's Full French.  One pc of bacon nearly burned, one just barely on the done side of raw.  Person who had the eggs benedict liked it.  The FF was only OK.  Noise level was what some call "enthusiastic" but too loud for me.  Guess we will find another place for a semi-celebratory Sunday brunch.Love this place! Good food, great desserts and I love the music. We have gone several times and looking forward to our next evening at the Paris CafeI love French food so I was happy to learn that this restaurant had opened. Turns out it's a really nice new addition to Chestnut Hill. 5 stars for the service and care this restaurant demonstrated. First if you go which I highly recommend make sure you ask for Christopher (Chris) Sanchez the waiter. In my opinion the wait staff can make or break your dining experience even if the food is great. He is the best waiter I have experienced in a very long time. Second the atmosphere is reminiscent of a Paris  bistro including lighting and acoustics. I miss Paris!!Finally, my friend and I ordered several appetizers since it was our first time there and we wanted to get to know the menu;) We thought the crepe du jour was excellent and also recommend the lobster bisque, onion soup, and the almond cake; which was perfect with their delicious coffee.First the atmosphere was wonderful. Upscale jazz club chic. Our waitress was wonderful, Alessia was personable and helpful. The food was eh. We had mussels to start, they were tasty, but what wouldn't be, cooked in a pound of butter. I had the short ribs, the flavor was good, but I believe no knife should be needed to cut and that was sadly not the case. My husband had the rabbit with egg noodles. The egg noodles were beautiful, and he said they were cooked well. He really enjoyed his dish.   Music was entertaining and made the night. I'd recommend coming for drinks and the music experience but save your money on food.This was THE BEST French food I had since I've been in Philly and I've been to Paris. Pregnant and craving french food, I brought my mother here and we enjoyed everyone from the beautiful hostess (she has 2 sons), to the bartender and our actual server. We had the escargot (amazing), steak frites, and I had THE BEST CASSOULET, i have ever had anywhere!!! Chef Paris even came out go the dining room to ask us how everything was and it was just a fantastic experience! In downtown Philly I go to Parc.. Which is definitely good but I definitely will go out of my way to make it here!!As a lover of French food, I was anxious to visit Paris Bistro and Jazz Cafe. Open since Jan. 2014 (occupying the spot adjacent to Chestnut Hill Hotel) the cafe menu blends the French staples (Cassoulet, Escargot, French Onion soup) with American favorites like burgers and Seared Sea Scallops.  We ate in the Jazz Cafe (same menu as upstairs but no reservations needed) enjoying a great quartet (entertainment changes weekly.) The service is excellent, the food melts in your mouth and you will want to come back again.Came here with a large for a set course meal. The neighborhood is wonderful and so is the resturant itself. The servers were nice and the owner of the restaurant came out to speak about the food. Just a star off because the chicken entree was dry but still tasty.One of my favorite places in Chestnut Hill! The cassoulet is to die for and the frisée salad is perfection. Definitely give them try!In France, this would be a typical neighborhood place, with classic old school favorites like trout amandine, coq au vin, and boeuf bourguignon. I had a small but excellent cassoulet here, and fine escargot. The wine list is simple but satisfying. Charming atmosphere. The real highlight of this place is the cozy basement jazz venue. Great date night spot, especially when the fine Colton Weatherston trio is on stage.Came here for our Anniversary dinner in May and had a wonderful experience.  Both the Hostess and Server (Katie) went over the top!  They made our night very special and went way above and beyond what they needed to do.  We couldn't have been any happier with the service, it was excellent!!What a great find. Who knew?? Paris in Chestnut Hill is wonderful. Food excellent. Staff is friendly & so accommodating but not stuffy. And the jazz was relaxing & wonderful. Can't wait to go back. Tiffany at downstairs bar was great at service & personality.A welcome surprise 
a great place to go 
Great food
Be sure to go downstairs where the jazz bar isWonderfully average, is how I would describe this Chestnut Hill addition.  The very attractive bright French-bistro decor, the noise of a pretty full house bouncing off of the tin ceiling tiles, the comfortable bar in the open dining area located where you can scope-out the entire room, were all welcoming features.
The beer list was scant, the house pinot noir was mediocre, the 2 bartenders working pretty hard to fulfill the needs of the house were A-OK (unless one of them had a friend or repeat customer to whom they would pay more attention, a-hem).
The Chicken Liver Pate was creamy and delightful.  The Beet Salad was average, fresh, and something you can do just as well at home, nothing out of the ordinary.  The Cassoulet was good, with sufficient amounts of sausage and pork belly, within a bed of white beans.  The Cassoulet was topped off with a duck leg, which the bartender told me would be crispy, it was not.  A crispy-skin duck would have elevated this dish a notch above OK.  
And, btw, I thought the overall prices were reasonable.
Overall, A-OK.  This lively, bright addition to this corner of Germantown Avenue was inviting but not embracing.  They have the makings of a four star place and I hope they get there, but right now it is not.Cool decor which gives the place a definite Paris sidewalk cafe feel. Music is nice. Space is a bit cramped depending on where you're seated and can get cold by the front door especially.  French onion soup is delicious. Food is quite good mostly although sometimes slightly underwhelming. Staff is very pleasant. Overall a very nice place.Went here the other night with my husband and grandmother.  Grandmom wanted to sit at the bar for appetizers and cocktails, but there were not enough spots.  The staff encouraged us to go downstairs to the jazz cafe until spots opened upstairs.  We ordered a round of drinks which were great (try the La Vie en Rose -- excellent!).  As there was music playing, there is a $5 cover charge.  However when we went to pay the tab, they did not charge us which we appreciated.
When we did move upstairs, the wait staff was very friendly and the food was very good.  We ordered the lamb special, which was definitely the best out of all the dishes we ordered. Rabbit dish was also very good.  We had a very nice time, and we did enjoy our meals. Will come again for one of the jazz performances!My husband, newborn and I went to Paris for Sunday brunch after our first choice (cake) was crowded.  This ended up being a great choice as we didn't have a wait and the food was really good!  We didn't have a reservation, but the hostess was nice in accommodating us (with the car seat) and making sure that we were comfortable.  This was our first meal out with our baby, so I was a bit concerned... 
Our server although not rude, was far from friendly ... But we just assumed she was getting into character as "the Parisian waitress."
We ordered:
- berry crepe (although it was listed as dessert, I had this as my meal) ... Very yummy, portioned appropriately for dessert
- sausage ... Savory and also delish
- French toast ... Very good and a close second to the French toast served up at Cake
- thick cut bacon ... Disappointing as the hubs had to refer back to the menu to make sure it wasn't "thin cut bacon"
- elderflower cocktail - love elderflower, but was slightly underwhelmed (I have high cocktail standards - see review for hop sing laundromat) 
All in all, good meal and we will likely be back!!The atmosphere was great....bar and dining room filled with diverse clientele, all clearly enjoying themselves. I found the prices to be more than reasonable. We each had 3 courses, I had wine and coffee and hubs had several beers....the bill was $110, not including tip. I paid $70 for myself at BYOB Pumpkin just days earlier.
Our server was French, very professional and pleasant. The menu was traditional French cooking. I had baked Camembert in puff pastry and hubs had French onion soup, which he put in his top 3 of all time. He had a cassoulet that was filling and tastier than the one he had in France. My trout was phenomenal- I cleaned the plate! We finished it off with profiteroles. I look forward to returning.wanted to give 3.5 starts but I had to round up :)
I have dined here twice and both times I've enjoyed my meal. Hopefully they will remain consistent , which will be necesary to compete against the other restaurants in the area.  The first time I dined her it was for brunch, I had the french toast topped with apples. Pretty good, cleaned my plate :) the bacon was crisp as bacon should be, the macaroni gratin was good, it's made with a selection of cheeses and served hot from the oven.  My dining companion had the quiche lorraine, it was delicious but the portion was a bit small.
My second time dining at Paris was for a late dinner; we sat at the bar, I ordered the Paris burger. It's topped with a pepper & onion concoction that's quite tasty and served with some type of sauce (maybe a horseradish mixture) the burger was good without it. We also had the scallops, they were perfectly cooked. For dessert we had the chocolate crepe special, it was 'ok' not impressive; the crepe was a bit thick and the edges  were a bit over cooked.We just returned from dinner at Paris. Absolutely loved it. Very authentic French and excellent attentive staff.
Last Saturday we had dinner at a so called French bistro on Walnut street that doesn't hold a candle to this restaurant.Came here for our 3rd anniversary for dinner with our 1yr old. Wish it was the next day Thursday where they have live music but that would have to be another day. Staff was great, it was busy for a Wednesday night but not crazy busy with a line or anything. Ambiance really does make you feel like your in another place maybe France who knows never been, it was different.
Food was decadent and was always brought put by the chef I believe not our waitress which was nice like he took pride in his work he wanted to make sure it reached our table the same way he set it up or something. They give you bread and butter, we ordered chicken liver pate a nice big portion that had pickled onions and baby pickles to accompany it.  I had the seafood crepe, the filling has 3 different types of seafood, some type of halibut, shrimp, and clams. The sauce was so buttery and tasty so light. My husband has the salmon that wa sin their prefix menu and that was also a nice big portion and really yummy. For the finale had creme brule and the crust on that was textbook caramelized when broke. Into shattered like glass not too rich just perfect and what a perfect ending to a lovely dinner on a lovely day! Deff would come back here to try some other dishes.5 Stars for food.
3 Stars for service.  
High quality and expertly prepared food, gourmet and classy.  
The service leaves something to be desired.  For all the pomp and circumstance with the table cloths, water bottles and overall fanciness of the establishment if some of that attention and energy was dedicated to more attentive and urgent servers the overall experience would be more enjoyable.  
Cannot go wrong with the Steak Frites Maison.  
Worth a try here, hopefully another visit will provide a better quality server.We had dinner here last night with some friends. The space was beautifully decorated and the food and service was great! I had the seafood crepe and my boyfriend had the steak frites which was fantastic. The chocolate mousse was so good! Can't wait to go back!Love this place, amazing food and great music, good service and drinks, a little expensive but expected...perfect for a date night.We went to Paris for a jazz night which is held in the basement. I have to give this a mixed review. The food and service were excellent. I had a mushroom tart and my husband had a salad which we both followed with an excellent beef Bourgeons. And the music was magically, Jessie Kyle was fantastic. 
But, and this is a big but, the space is small and the management asks that patrons keep conversation to a minimum while the music is being performed. Fine for us but the table of ten Eastern Europeans across the way either did not understand or did not care. Their noise, loud conversation, laughter was rude. And although we and the table next to us asked that the manager speak to them, they were either unable or unwilling to ask them to be quiet or leave. Even though the manager repeated a general request to the room that patrons keep conversation to a minimum, you could not hear it over their conversation.
Frankly, their rudeness left a sour taste. Not sure if I will return for more jazz. As I said, loved the food and music. Just want to be able to enjoy it.I like eating at the bar on $1.00 oyster night,which is Mondays if I'm not mistaken,In fact I like eating at the bar whenever I can help it,They have Absinthe cocktails I.e ceserac,chrysanthemums,if you "bout that life" 
I started going there as soon as they opened and about 3 it 4 years thereafter until I moved,from Chestnuthill,I've had everything from their Rabbit Fricassee to their steak frites and most everything in between!
If you're local it's a must visit !
The service was consistently excellent,the staff strive to remedy any issue you my incur,which was little or none !We chose to sit at an Al Fresco table, which was pleasant.  Our waiter asked if wanted water, but neglected to ask if we wanted a cocktail.  Water was delivered by someone else  and 10 minutes later the​ waiter returned for our order.  We ordered cocktails but not our meal and he seemed annoyed.  When we ordered our meal, we each asked for a glass of red wine to be served with our entrees.  We had to remind the waiter twice and we're almost finished eating before the wine arrived.  When the wine was delivered, it was the Maison Rouge, not the wine we ordered.  From that point on it was the bum's rush to get rid of us.  The waiter wanted to give us the check and had to be reminded that dessert was included with the Prix Fixe.  As far as food goes, OK, but just.  Nothing memorable. Thus the 3 stars.Great place, great food, great service!  The jazz spot in the basement is great and so classy.  Great spot for a date!  Little pricey.  Also, it says they have free wifi.  They do not!Paris bistro is a mediocre experience at best. The service is slow and the food is not worth the wait. I had  the steak frites and was thoroughly disappointed. I love  steak and find that most steaks I order are pretty decent wherever I go. The ambience is odd with it being part cafeteria, part diner, part restaurant. Not cozy or comfortable whatsoever. I wish I had more positive remarks about my time there, but I feel I'm being nice...this is the type of place you got for lunch to not a nice dinner that you would be looking forward too after a long day.We took my mother to Paris this past Sunday evening.  All six of us were so happy to read the menu and  on spot food when arrived. Stunning service. Even though Creme Brûlée is a good French staple dessert, I was in heaven on my first bite happy to have ordered it as it was flawless. Everyone loved all food made and go on Sunday Night BYOB! Thanks Al Paris. My mother was very happy.
MargraffThis was our second visit, this time with friends. Biggest complaint: the Martini's were served in SMALL Martini glassed and were only 2/3 full. It took 2 drinks at $13 = $26 for the equivalent of 1 drink. The service (on a Saturday night) was painfully slow. The waiter seemed not thoroughly trained as he made numerous mistakes.The food was OK but that's all. We won't go back. Oh BTW, nice interior and tables separated enough to feel comfortable, but very noisy.We recently dined here for brunch before a show and found that Paris did not disappoint. We started with the tartines - the three of us split all four and they were delicious. Each one was prepared with unique combinations (including the pate with the pickled shallots) and each was better than the last. I had the Croque Madam and it was light and delicious. I also tried the Norwegian Eggs Benedict which had some heat and was also delicious. The French Press was strong bu t delicious. We are looking forward dining at Paris again!We went their for my birthday. The tip was included because we were many people but my husband still left a big tip because no one told him it was included. The food was fair. The service was nothing special.Finally a legitimate jazz club that isnt downtown. The new owners have really upped the music game. The cover charge ($10-$15) is beyond fair when you consider that parking is free!  We got a chance to see the amazing Orrin Evans (of the Bad Plus) with his own quartet that featured all-star players of a national caliber. Looking at the upcoming schedule I know that my girlfriend and I will be back many times. The food is solid and the wine list is exceptional.Excellent atmosphere and friendly service. The mussels were delectable. The cauliflower and comte custard was a stand out - very light and delicate; a must try.  The croque monsieur was good, but not the best or most authentic I've ever had thus the four stars instead of five.  I'll definitely be back!Overall, a very nice French bistro experience. Very good execution of classic French bistro dishes, combined with great decor and atttentive service. No surprises in the selection; would it be fair to call it upscale French comfort food? Among similar restaurants, I would rate Spring Mill Cafe in Conshy a notch higher for the food. However, this is still a welcome addition to the Chestnut Hill dining scene. If they offer great jazz downstairs (haven't checked it out yet), then more power to them!Lovely atmosphere and quality food. The tomato herb salad was not my favorite but the macaroni gratin was delicious and copious. Stay upstairs for dinner and conversation. Move downstairs for jazz and after dinner drinks.Cassoulet extremely disappointing. Frites limp. Our server personable and accommodating. Our foursome will likely not return.My wife and I came here for Brunch on a Sunday.  We waited 10 minutes for a server to come by and take our drink orders.  This was especially annoying as they were not that busy at the time we were seated.  
The food was overall mediocre, as other reviewers have stated.  The best part of the meal was the scones and the side of french fries we ordered.  My wife ordered the Croque Monsieur but was served the Croque Madame.  After getting the dish she ordered it was not very hot, nor very good.  I ordered the Macaroni Gratin with Ham and Fried Egg, which was okay at best.  It lacked flavor, and it was a dish that I could have made better at home.  
After our meal we waited for another 15 minutes before our food was taken away.  While the decor and ambiance was nice, given the slow/poor service and the mediocre food, we will not be returning.First time eating here so I had high expectations and left really disappointed.  Let's start with a cardinal sin - dinner should not take 1 hour and 45 minutes to complete, esp. when the meals are the daily special (plat de jour) and a salad.  Really, how long does it take to make something that should be made in quantities?
Monday's daily special was oysters and we were happy that the oysters were a good deal and fresh.  Salad was well made, but again should not take an hour to prepare.  The pork chop was nicely seasoned and cooked perfectly, but again should not take over an hour to serve.  Big disappointment was the vanilla eclair which was a dried piece of dough and vanilla sauce.  Not a good choice.
Service was a big let down.  Three sins are simply unacceptable.  We were served bread, nice and warm but the butter dish was not only nearly empty but had clear knife ridges in them.  Obviously the waiter took the butter dish from another customer and put it in our bread basket.  When I complained, they gave extra bread but the damage was done.  Second, the bill came and had a wine and 2 drinks added to the tab doubling the final bill.  Fortunately, I looked at the bill before reflexly handing my credit card.  I had to complain to get the bill corrected.  Major lesson here - check your bill before paying.
Last sin was the long wait to be served.  No apologies given although the waiter was friendly.  On the way out, the chef was in the back to have a smoke and overheard my complaint about the long delay.  He said a new chef started and things were slow.  Ok, so I am willing to forgive the waiter for the incredibly slow service, if the problem was the new chef.  But really, the Bynum brothers (former owners of Zanzibar Blue) need to hire more people to work here so that the wait is not so long.  When you are paying $17-$28 for an entree, you deserve to have a better staffed kitchen. 
We want to come back after they staff the kitchen better.  Let me know when that happens because the food is well made when it finally arrives.Awesome food!  The Duck is absolutely amazing. Service is outstanding. They didn't have a blue cheese dressing for the salad so the chef made one for us and it was probably the best blue cheese dressing I have ever had. Can't wait to go back.This restaurant is somewhat small and seems to always be booked.  I can understand why the tables are reserved because the restaurant truly cares about their food and drinks and it shows.  I only gave it three stars because we were made to feel uncomfortable by the hostess when we first arrived.  She was un-welcoming and made us feel silly for asking for a table as if they are always fully bored and we should have known that.  Even if this is the case the first person I address when I enter should be able to convey that while remaining pleasant and keeping guests happy.  We took a seat at the bar (which are very coveted since they are apparently always booked).  The bartender was great and our food and drinks were even better.  If our experience had started the same as it had progressed and ended this place would be have gotten four or five stars.Two stars for good service, but the food was unbelievably bland, and totally overpriced. The two appetizers we ordered were So Flavorless that we decided not to order entrees. We got the avocado and crab salad, and the lobster bisque. Both tasted like absolutely nothing. Very little crab and lobster in the dishes. Tiny, tiny pieces. I ordered a lemonade and it was so small that it was gone in four sips. It mostly tasted like water. Two bland starters, a lemonade and a bottle of beer, and the bill was like $50. With so many good places so close by, I'm confused as to how they even remain in business. Maybe they survive off of the jazz club, downstairs. Too bad, because it's a pretty restaurant.Service is great. Food is above average. They need to up their game with beer selection and cheese plate.I love this restaurant it reminds me of an old school steakhouse despite the crusine being french the food was delicious and filling and the service was perfect I'll definitely b a returning customerExcellent!!  I've been there a few times and each time was pleasurable and memorable.  I'm a big fan.  :)We went for a semi-impromptu dinner out with a friend. It was Friday night and they had jazz in the downstairs area. We were able to get seats down at the bar.
     The cocktails we all ordered were very good. I tried two different ones (La Bardot and I don't recall the second) and was curious how the others are.
     We went with a 3 cheese platter to start, chef's choice. The overall mix of cheeses and other accompaniments was good, but the cheese samplings were a little small for the price. I had the duck confit cassoulet and a side of the Brussels sprouts. The cassoulet was great. The duck was tender, not overly fatty, and the sausage and pork belly in the dish added a lot of flavor and texture. The sprouts were ok. I think they are blanched/steamed to cook and then possibly VERY briefly broiled. They really weren't browned at all, so I wouldn't say they were roasted sprouts. The bacon added flavor which was good, because I'm not sure they were seasoned. The portion size was good, though.
      We split the vanilla creme brûlée and the chocolate mousse. Both of those were so delicious. The mousse was a little small, but that's the only downside.
Overall, it was a good meal that makes me want to give it another try. One odd thing was even though we were dining downstairs, we all still had to pay the cover for the jazz show. I do get that it's probably paying the band, which I don't have a problem with, but it was unexpected and we realized we ended up tipping based off of that as well since it was included on the bill.This is our sixth time and we want it to be great but always there are small problems- either over cooked eggs  (in the salad) , meat,  or the waitress (yes they do seem tired and cranky). They seem to be out of frisee often or will send out a salad with mixed greens and a little frisee- when asked they say that they run out sometimes- maybe they should change the menu to frisee blend? we have even been given chicory.  Service is slow  -at our last dinner we asked for our entrees to be taken out after slow service and that took 1/2 hour. We keep trying in hopes that they'll get better.We had a party of 6.  We had made a reservation for 4 on open table but theywere very accomodating when we called to increase. Reservatons are a must.  Our waiter was 100% attentive. We had delcious appetizers..good bread...crab cakes, crepes, steaks and ribs. Desserts delcious also.  The atmosphere and decor is just what Chestnut Hill needed. The jazz bar downstairs was setting up........it may be open.What can I say but diarrhea, diarrhea, diarrhea. Sorry, but my Girlfriend and I were home for maybe an hour and we were both heading for opposite bathrooms. Not sure what happened, but considering we had eaten very little else that day, the correlation seems plausible. The food tasted good I have to say, thought he steak frites was a little tough. Service was spot on, and the place, while a little warm, was very comfortable.Came here twice. Once for dinner and the live show downstairs another time just for drinks. Wines are pricey they're all French of course. Have tried many of them and haven't been crazy about any but maybe I just don't care for French wine. Lacking flavor in my opinion. I love a big red. 
French onion soup is amazing, shrimp cocktail VERY good, they have a salad with a fried egg on top DELICIOUS. 
I wasn't crazy about the seafood crepe. The waiters gave it a lot of hype when we asked what to order but really nothing to it. And it was expensive. 
Would come back for a show, apps, and a cocktailThe food is a reasonable facsimile of French Bistro fare.
Wine list is nice for a restaurant of this size. Prices are reasonable. 
The staff could use an attitude adjustment. I found our server uninformed about a few items on the menu and disinterested in seeking an answer to my questions. A request to speak to the manager to communicate my dissatisfaction was ignored. No one ever came to the table. I paid my check and left. 
Wow! I rarely complain when I am at a restaurant, But in the past when I have, the management makes an effort to address the problem. But ignoring a request from a customer?
That's beyond the pale.This place is a really good addition to chestnut hill.  We have been twice, arriving both times on the late side (10 PM on saturday).  So we have yet to sample the main courses.  But both times raw oysters were fresh and tasty, lobster bisque was rich with generous portion of lobster meat, french onion soup was decent but could have used a bit more oomph in the seasoning.  Service was professional and (for us) not the overly officious and intrusive style seen in many places.  The room is well-designed and has nice france-ish feel.  We will be back!   Only major negative comment is that the lighting is way too bright.Just had dinner here and it was pretty good.  I had crab cakes that came with a mustard cream sauce, asparagus and horseradish roasted potatoes.  The crab cakes had almost no filler.  They were mostly jumbo lumps; 2 came with the dinner.  My partner had trout with almonds which was tasty, but as he says, "It was fish." The portions would have been fine if we hadn't been very hungry when we got there. I do wish this and most other restaurants would serve more vegetables.  3 spears were not enough.  We ended up eating too much bread (fair) and having dessert.  The tarte aux pomme was like a sticky bun made of good pastry with apples.  It was wonderful....we discretely licked the caramel sauce from the dish. We plan to return next week for the Thursday night swing dance music.Since the opening, Paris wins our hearts each time we visit. The decedent food, the wonderful team and now Jazz; supporting Paris has been very easy! The team is one reason (aside from the decedent food) we continue to return! They make the experience truly delightful! They are always kind,  accommodating, knowledgeable .. They go above and beyond each time, making you feel like you're the most important guest there! Thank you Paris Team for enhancing my experience each time!My new favorite resto!!  Stopped in last night on way home and much to our delight, the jazz cafe is OPEN!!  It's a lively, friendly neighborhood environment with comfort food, awesome staff, drinks and music.  Enjoy.Food was good, service not great. I keep going back hoping it will change. Steak frites is consistently delish. Eating in the jazz lounge downstairs has a nice vibe.Paris Bistro is a good-looking addition to the Chestnut Hill restaurant scene.  The décor is retro French and it is bright and attractive.  The hostesses and servers are very friendly and competent.  Though the bistro menu in the evening is definitely on the pricier side, at brunch there are many tasty items that are more "brunchily" priced .... e.g. Croque Monsieur, Quiche Lorraine, and the Parisian breakfast.  There's a jazz club downstairs but I haven't been there yet.
I would probably rate this new restaurant 4 stars but took one star away because during Chestnut Hill Restaurant Month in March they were offering selections that in many cases would have been cheaper if you ordered off their regular menu rather than pay the fixed price amount.  And the Restaurant Month fixed price was only good as an early bird or late night selection.  I have never heard of a Restaurant Week/Month deal where you pay more than you ordinarily would .... and that kinda defeats the purpose of Restaurant Month.  But other than this policy, if you have the bucks I think you will enjoy the atmosphere and food at Paris Bistro.Our food was right on! And the atmosphere was undeniable!  We enjoyed the jazz lounge and recommend trying it out.This review is long overdue!  This restaurant is an absolute GEM!  Tucked on a charming corner in posh Chestnut Hill, this spot is legit.  The food is A+ without being pretentious.  The French Onion Soup is the best in the world, and I have had some amazing french onion soup!  The burger, at $14 is the most legitimate high end burger I think I ever had.  
I don't eat Escargot or Seafood, but I would try Rabbit or Pate here, for certain.
Service?  Amazing!  Great servers, not all are top notch,  but the place is so amazing, you dont mind if your server being slow.
Jazz in the basement Jazz Cafe gas always been excellent!
The best Creme Brulee I ever had.  The Profiteroles are phenomenal as well for dessert.
I cant believe Paris Bistro has only been open about 1 year !!!!!  The first time I came here (after moving to Mt Airy neighborhood) I thought the place must be a Philadelphia Institution, an anchor restaurant in swanky Chestnut Hill on Germantown Ave....dominating the fine dining scene in The City of Brotherly Love.  Nope, 2015 is the restaurant's second year (I believe)
Bottom Line:  Go here on a fancy date, or girls nite out, or a group of friends casual celebration, or solo.  
I am fortunate to be a world traveler- I have been to amazing restaurants in NYC, L.A., Vegas, USVI, Japan, Spain, France, and on and on.... and truthfully, 100% honestly....Paris Bistro in Chestnut Hill might be the best restaurant in the world!Took my wife here for a birthday celebration - there was supposed to be a special wine event that night but not enough people signed up, so it was cancelled. But the restaurant reached out and set up a custom night for us just to make up for it! The food, service, and atmosphere were spectacular, and my wife was thrilled by everything. In particular, we loved the seafood which was incredibly fresh (the smoked salmon is smoked on the premises!), and they were able to pair some great wines with all the courses we had. It was so nice that they saw that it was my wife's birthday and accommodated us, even when the restaurant changed its plans for that night. We will definitely be going back for another taste of Paris!I have visited Paris Bistro multiple times and every time I have had a great experience! 
As a result, I decided to host my son's first communion celebration and it was a HIT! The staff was super friendly and attentive, the atmosphere was fund and relaxed, and the food and spirits were incredible! I couldn't have asked for anything more!
I really recommend it for any occasion! This restaurant is so dynamic and fun!Had a beautiful evening with great French food and service to match. They forgot to add us to the Jazz wait list to go downstairs afterwards but then politely corrected it and showed us downstairs to the show after our meal. We ordered the shrimp cocktail and mussels appetizer, steak frites and coq au vin for dinner and crime brûlée for desert and a bottle of the house Pinot noir. Everything was delicious and presented beautifully. My only critic would be that the steak was a little chewy and the chicken had a bit much of a boiled taste and extra paprika taste than I'd like but that's personal preference. We'd come back again and looking forward to it.A very nice experience and good Parisian bistro fare. Atmosphere is reminiscent of Paris - with a lot more personal space here :). Good cocktails, escargot were good if not fantastic. Mains were very good. Seafood bouillabaisse for him and shirt rib beef borgogne for me with a side of frites and mushrooms. Nice wine list and Beaujolais with dinner. Service was attentive and knowledgeable. A great addition to chestnut hill and a nice date night place. 
Check out the jazz club downstairs. Same menu, first come first serve seating. Very compact but full of atmosphere and nostalgia. Also a very fun and unique experience!Horrible experience. Waitress got our order wrong 4 times. She took my (wrong) plate back to the kitchen. Manager brought it back out from kitchen and admitted trying to give me the same incorrect plate. Horrible customer service not to mention blatant ServSafe / department of health violations (you cannot bring a plate back to the kitchen from the house and then try and re-serve it. All kinds of dangers with doing that.) plate should be disposed of and fresh, safe , NEW plate should be made. Had a salad sitting on a hot plate waiting for two eggs for 24 minutes. Fiancé was supposed to have roasted tomatoes, no tomatoes, one lonely potato on his plate (we said no potatoes- salad instead.)
Manager and entire team looks and sounds inexperienced. People were returning food and drinks left and right. Will never be back to this horrible excuse of a restaurant. Get better, more accurate service at a fast food place. 
Also contemplating calling the health department on them. Unbelievable .We have been going to Paris for about 3 years and loved it from our first visit. The atmosphere/ambiance made it a perfect spot for a date night. The food was almost always good, and exactly what you would expect from a French bistro. Finally the service was never an issue with great wait staff and bartenders. We even gave them a 5 star review.
On our last three visits tho (over the last three months), the shine has come off Paris. On each of our nights there we have had to send food back - once because it was under cooked, and the last two times because of over cooked entrees. It can happen once in a while to the best restaurants. But to happen on three different visits? The quality control has obviously slipped. 
Coupled with that is the deterioration of the staff. On each of the last two visits we have felt rushed - whether it be plates being taken away before we were finished, or entrees being served while we were still enjoying appetizers. Management on site was told of all these incidents each time we were there. Sadly we have not seen improvement.Jazz & Blues?  Maybe.  Cuisine? (that's a French word.) Non.  Let me set the scene; end of a wonderful week-end, weather perfect, friends even better.  How do I want to bring it to a close?  The comfort food and atmosphere of a Paris Bistro.  The laid-back and warm service staff.  Ah, and the warm, cooked-for-days juicy, creamy stew that we  know and love as cassoulet.  What could be better?
Well. It began with the waiter who thought he was a stand-up comic, and each frenetic foray to the table was another embarrassingly idiotic flourish.  But never mind; it was a lovely evening among friends, and he wasn't cooking anyway.  (I had hoped, but, hey! I was in a fine mood).  Just bring my libations and my longed for cassoulet.  
Now anyone who has  dined in a true bistro knows what a cassoulet is - or should be.  With apologies to the mis-guided cooks who might correct my words, yet never escape their inadequacies, and for sake of argument, what I got was not the product of long, slow cooking, but this;
Open a can of Goya beans,(Oh, I can hear it now!  "Not Goya!  Bush's"); brown two (2) hunks of sausage of insignificant origin, pour it all into a baking dish (a gratin would be too "French") throw a Duck leg confit from the D'artagnan Brand truck on top of the works, (on top!!!!); cover it with tons of useless breadcrumbs, useless because there is none of the longed-for broth, the result of hours of slow-braising.   The resultant dish is desert-dry.  Almost palate powder.  Not a stew or soup as any recipe or even Wiki will state.  Do you get my drift, owners, managers and quasi cooks?  Try to deny.  You know I'm right
And another thing, denizens of Chestnut Hill, who rate this place highly; do you never get out of town?  Is anything within walking distance nonpareil?First a caveat...I chose Paris Bistro and Jazz Cafe for a Valentine's Day dinner and show for the Wife...
...with that caveat, it was a bit pricey, but hey, it was Valentine's Day it was pricey almost everywhere!
The food was good, it was a price fixe menu so I will not speak on choices.  We had a bit of a "snafu" that was well handled. The scallops served as an appetizer were not cooked well enough to our liking; at first we were told that such is the just how it's prepared so with the Wife and I being on a special food regimen these days, neither of the other appetizers were good for us, so we declined the appetizer altogether...with that they shortly returned with the scallops well done, for which we were glad as they were very good!
The rest of the meal was good enough to justify our return, we definitely plan to return but next time we'll forgo the show and just stay upstairs. The downstairs lounge is very intimate with what appears to be a nice bar and the stage is close too... 
(if you are veteran of the Philly Jazz scene, it is reminiscent of Ortlieb's Jazz Haus when it was cool back before it's latest "re-do" as a hipsters spot -featuring Mexican?- and our table was right at the stage!) 
...but there was more "vibrancy" upstairs as we walked through the café to get to the lounge, and with the large windows, I'm looking forward to returning perhaps for brunch...
The show was good, I was expecting just a jazz band to just playing, but as it turns out there was also a vocal duet singing tunes (yeah, a good number of Broadway show tunes), different but not bad...
One thing did stand out, when we arrived -and maybe it's just my own perception- it seemed the hostess went out her way to be particular warm to her known regulars, which felt to be in stark contrast to how we were welcomed...
(...now did I mention the price-fixe reservations were held with CrCd? And had we not shown, there would have been a hefty charge?)
...one more thing, I ordered flowers and had them delivered there, I've done this previously and let's just say the staff -in other venues- has handled them in some "interesting" ways. Paris Bistro  handled them well just like the best of places...
...yeah, a "regular-day" return is justified...This place is attractive and my burger was very good however they are slow to greet you upon arrival and also slow to seat you. The 'Host and Hostess' appeared new to the business or confused about what to do. I visited October 2015 maybe the gotten their footing since then. The server was pleasant and checked on me often.Dined here twice and had two wonderful meals. The french onion soup is delicious and the service is quite good. A little loud at times but that is to be expected.We decided to host my friend's 30th birthday brunch for 16 people at PARIS bistro.  The restaurant staff (Lauren) were really helpful during the planning, made suggestions on our menu, and accommodated us bringing our own cake.  The brunch went off really well. Although there wasn't a private room, the restaurant sat us together at a long table so we could all be together.   The food choices for the price fixed menu were great, food was very tasty and the service was wonderful.  For the amount of food, it was worth the price.  I highly recommend the french onion soup and the savory crepes.  We didn't feel rushed at all, and they catered to any requests.  I would highly recommend PARIS for a small brunch party.Went here for first time for Mother's Day brunch. Food was great! Even though a little hiccups on service (which was understandable because of the crowd, service was good. Atmosphere was nice.  Love that seating is not arranged that everyone is cramp. Found a new gem in Chestnut Hill!Second time we stopped and had dinner here in the past six months. Had drinks at the bar before our seating. The beer and wine selection are good. The two barmaids this night were not talkative but to themselves. Which I find is does not express a positive atmosphere.
Once seated we had oysters and escargot for appetizers. They were served perfect. For dinner we had crab cakes and nicoise. Both dishes were again served nicely and hit the spot.
For dessert we had a chocolate cake which was awesome. We were not able to go downstairs to see the local jazz band the was performing that night. We just had to much of a good time and were too full.
One thing I do not like is that they charge you a cover charge to go see the band after you already dropped a bit on the dinner.
Over all I would recommend this place.I've only been here twice, both times I was more than underwhelmed with their food and service. Over priced wine and food. I know a lot of people enjoy this place but it just doesn't work for my husband and I. I'm a big cheese person but this tasted like something you would buy at Wegmans, on clearance.We went to the bistro and I ordered a duck dish that really tasted like a chicken leg.. not happy.No comments about the food-we did not eat.  We were staying at the associated hotel and came to Paris for a late night drink.  We had one drink and when we left we received the bill.  We were charged $15 per person for a cover charge for the band.  We completely understand if there is live music that places may charge a cover.  Our issue was that NO ONE informed us.  We were there for 20 mins and never had plans to stay longer.  The bartended claimed that there should have been a greeter before we entered letting us know about the charge but there was not.  Another person was also complaining about the same issue.  If we were having dinner and staying a bit the additional $30 would not have mattered but we never planned on staying longer than one drink.  Had we been informed of the charge we would have gone elsewhere for a drink.  The bartender in no one tried to correct the mistake.  In fact, he started making a seen and making us feel bad about not wanting to pay it.  We paid it- but we will not be back.Had lunch on a Thursday and sat outside.  Was seated immediately and quickly greeted by the server who was very attentive throughout. Lavender lemonade was delicious...food also very good although a $14 burger seems a little  much. We had visited in the evening before and enjoyed the  jazz quartet.We had a great experience at Paris - the food, ambience, music and service was perfect. Our waitress, Carla, really made our experience amazing. I'm pregnant, and when I asked if they had anything fun that was non alcoholic, she thought of the perfect "cocktail" for me. Her food recommendations were on point. The jazz band was excellent. We are new to the West Mt Airy/Chestnut Hill and this is definitely going to be a favorite spot.Paris at its best from the food to the dessert coffee and drinks Paris Bistro has perfected the art of French food a must visit in Chestnut HillThis is more of a 3.5 star review. 
My husband and I had a reservation for Paris Bistro last night. I was thrilled to try it as I have been anticipating their opening for quite a bit!  We were seated right away, but there was a crowd of sour looking people waiting as we were being seated (either a large party waiting for a table or a bunch without reservations). A tip: reservations are crucial. They are on OpenTable, so make sure to use it!
Service- our server was friendly but not overly chatty. It was a busy night; I'm sure she was spread thin. The server at the table next to us was much more thorough with her table, and I found myself wishing we had been seated in her section.
Atmosphere- the restaurant was very well done. Beautiful decor, however it was incredibly loud since there was nothing to absorb the crowded chatter; the floors were hard wood and the ceiling was tiled (exquisitely so, but just bounced all of the noise right down on us).
Price- probably what you would expect (we had 2 drinks each, plus we each had an appetizer, entree and dessert), however portions were small and we left feeling like our meal did not nearly justify a $150 check. 
Drinks- they have the usual craft beer selection. I had the coupe de grace & a glass of champagne which were both too sweet for my liking.
Food- my husband had the lobster bisque which was delicious (in his words "better than Gypsy Saloon/Stella Blu but not better than Capital Grille").  I started with the escargots, which were good but the first time I've ever tried them so I have no frame of reference.  For entrees, we ordered both of the specials: the crepe du jour (short rib and celery root) and cote du boeuf. The crepe was good, but the filling lacked much meat and the sauce was terribly under-seasoned. My husband was never asked how he would like his steak cooked so they just cooked it rather well-done (way too overdone for my taste), but he still said it was good (not great). The dessert was by far the best part of the meal- good coffee + almond cake for me and creme brûlée for my husband. I think I'd come here just for dessert! The table next to us agreed- the food was so-so but the desserts shined!
I will definitely be back, as there was much on the menu that I'd like to try, but it will most likely never beat our favorite, Bistro la Minette off of South Street. I really look forward to the opening of their jazz cafe!I absolutely love this place. The music,  food, ambience has it all when it comes to the perfect date night. The escargot was cooked perfectly and the mushroom tart was also another favorite. The service was spot on. If you enjoy French food and jazz, this is it!This was our third time here...and the previous times were always good...but something about this time, everything seemed perfect and kicked up a notch to the level of a truly magical dining experience.  Maybe it was the snow falling gently outside the window, maybe it was the fact we were staying overnight at the charming hotel attached, maybe it was the amazing food, maybe it was because half the bill was covered by a gift card.  I had the coq au vin, a dish I've had many places, and this was hands down the best I've ever had.  My wife had the short rib bourguignon with butternut ravioli that was accompanied with root vegetables so perfectly roasted and seasoned she had to share (I swear I will dream about those carrots for the rest of my life).  All in all...one of the best dining experiences we've had outside of actual Paris.A great experience from parking to paying.
Their own parking lot, a perfectly genuine french bistro menu with no frills, great execution and service. Not expensive.
Go!My wife and I stopped in for dinner two weeks ago on a Friday night.  It was on the earlier side, so the restaurant was somewhat empty except for the bar which was surprisingly crowded.  We were seated promptly.  That is where the positives end.
Instead of ordering a main course or two, we ordered four appetizers; two cold plates and two hot.  All four items were brought out at the same time.  To make matters worse, we were seated at a very small table for two.  The four plates on which the appetizers were served took up the entire table.  We had no room for our flatware, plates to eat off of, or our drinks.  When I asked if they could do something about it, they brought another table and put it next to ours to give us more room.  A tip: they should have taken some of the plates back to the kitchen and staggered the service. This is what I expected and what had always happened at other restaurants when ordering multiple appetizers.  
Two of the plates (escargot and octopus) were lukewarm and congealed by the time they arrived.  The cold plates (oysters and cheese plate) were very good.  We had ordered a bottle of prosecco and were left to pour it for ourselves after the initial glass.
The service was poor, two of our four dishes were not appetizing.  Total bill near $175.00.  It was a very underwhelming experience, to say the least, which is disappointing because we had been to Paris four or five times before without issue.
Not sure that we will go back anytime soon.I went there with a group of friends  for lunch this week. Great food, great atmosphere, great service, I love this place. I've been to this restaurant to see the jazz on the lower level and it was a great experience.Poor service by inadequately trained server. Drinks were expensive and barely full enough in the small glasses provided. Just a so-so restaurant and not cheap.We've been here (usually party of three or four) a number of times and everything was wonderful.  But early this year, wow, what a dive the service has taken.  We were the first to arrive after 5pm opening: no toilet paper in the rest room.  Waited half an hour for anyone to greet us and take a drink order.  Thus was the pattern for the rest of the evening.  We've celebrated a number of special occasions there, and this was that sort of evening also.  Came away saying "Never again."  Maybe there was a change of matre' de or owner, I don't know.  Once a restaurant starts to think hit or miss is okay, it's the beginning of the end.  Too bad.Excellent meal. Had the steak frites. My wife had short rib. Both were very good. Great atmosphere. Great drinks from the bar. Will definitely be back to try more.was there this past Friday service at the bar real bad, dirty glasses actually wipe out my previous drink with bar rag. No knowledge of specials person next to me said she would ever order the Salmon again. my order not Salmon gave me food poison only to find out a good friends wife was there Thursday night and got food sick 2 day's. this over rated spot.  NEVER AGAINI feel like most of the reviewers are comparing this restaurant to an actual Parisian bistro. Simmer down folks, it's a recreation. Treat it like you would treat a visit to Disney World. Just go with it.
Atmosphere was fun, food was good, service was great.Despite driving by this place many times a week, it took me years to actually visit for a meal. The inside isn't what you'd expect from the outside. It's almost speakeasy feeling inside - a chill, dim, relaxing spot with jazz playing in the background. 
I had the soup du jour, which was tomato, white bean and spinach based and it was really good. I also had the Spanish octopus appetizer as my main dish. The octopus was cooked perfectly and so tender and flavorful! The sauce on the dish seemed unnecessary. Overall I was really pleased with the food and ambiance.What started out as a stressful evening due to seating availability turned into a enjoyable night with excellent music and the best customer service I have ever experienced.  Manager Daniel, thank you for all you did to make our group happy. You were too kind..The food was excellent.  And the music with Geri and her band made you forget about everything.  I will be returning....If you want attitude and over pay, just visit Paris. It's like going to Paris but in America. They treat you like an awkward foreigner in their restaurant.  We couldn't believe it. The host (60 year old Parisian) belittled us for being 15 minutes late on a Saturday night. We called at 710 prior and explained that we were Having problems finding a parking spot. Upon entering the restaurant, literally less than 5 minutes later, we were told that if we showed earlier than we would be seated in the dinning room but now only had room for us in the bar.Early dinner at PB before heading to the Mann Center for an 8 pm concert with Emmylou Harris and Ry Cooder!   Wonderful table service,  except they asked us 8 TIMES whether everything was OK.  A little concerned when the waiter suggested Wellfleet oysters "from Connecticut."  They were superb!  Albeit from Massachusetts.  Duck confit and Bouillabaisse absolutely superb!!!  A little pricey but worth it.I used to love Paris bistro. Got a bad attitude server named megan. I don't know what happened but service ruined my experience. chocolate mousse and lobster was really good. We got a dozen buck a shuck oysters so it should have came to $12 for the oysters. Our bill comes to almost $300. $105 for 6 oysters. Had the bill fixed, came back with another mistake, had it fixed again. At this point we felt like someone was truly messing with us, like they forgot us and then at the very end they tried to be friendly but we were already so fed up with everything.This was one of the worst meals I have ever been served.  Mushy, tasteless fish,  under cooked potatoes. Sauteed mushrooms were completely inedible.  Please be warned.  Don't eat there.My husband and I were eager to try this place out as they seemed to offer the only live music in the area on a Saturday night. After waiting for a table in the jazz lounge, we were sat at the bar and told that Ken would sit us soon at a table. Well apparently Ken thought an old man with a blonde woman half his age would be better suited at the table we were told was being set for us after waiting for a long time. Needless to say we did not stick around to hear the jazz band, but they didn't sound worth it from the brief moment we sat at the bar. Waited too long (and even left and came back) to be completely judged for the type of people we were (the youngest people there) even though we would have tipped better than the blonde and her sugar daddy  thanks guys, class act.An absolute Chestnut Hill gem!  Service was excellent, but the food was phenomenal!  I had the duck--best duck I've ever had.  My wife had scallops which she raved about.  The fall harvest/pumpkin soup was a perfect October appetizer.  An outstanding wine list--we went for wine by the glass selections that didn't disappoint.  Worth a shot for your fine dining outing.went for Christmas eve dinner after hearing so much about.  We had a late dinner so the restaurant was only about 1/2 full.  We waited about 10 minutes for the waiter to come welcome us.  We put in our drink orders.  Another 1/2 hour before our drinks came.  Even a hostess came over to our table to see if anyone had waited on us.  The table next to us had their dinner and gotten check before we even had our drinks.  We had also ordered a cheese tray for an appetizer.  The manager came over and told us that it was comped and apologized for the delay.  When our food finally came, I asked the waiter if there was a problem in the kitchen.  He explained that we had come in after a huge rush so they were backed up.  Ok for the meal but no excuse for drinks and cold cheese tray.
The chefs specials for a special dinner were enjoyable but the time waiting ruined the eveningCurious how my Open Table reservation was marked as Didn't show. This way I couldn't leave a review there. Too bad, as main courses we had were quite good and this was going to be a three star review. But, sneaky practices will get you angry customers, not return business.
First of all,  beware the "summer menu". WTF is that you ask? Imagine a French restaurant that doesn't serve Ratatouille, frog legs, rabbit, coq au vin. Crazy, right? Well they argued with me that summer calls for lighter dishes. Fine. Add them to core staples. don't retool the menu and feed us excuses. 
Second, if you have a new wait staff, train them. Our waiter couldn't describe or recommend anything. Not food, not drinks. 
Lastly, if you're a bartender and don't know how to make a signature drink, admit as much instead of mixing lime juice with splash of alcohol. It is insulting to be served that and be expected to say nothing. 
Don't know if new owners are involved or old ones stopped caring, but this ain't no destination joint any longer.Sat outside watching Chestnut Hillers wander up and down the avenue. Our waiter was delightful and knowledgeable and the food delicious! Slightly expensive but great for a special occasion.We enjoyed our selves at the Paris Bistro. The service was great. My husband and I liked our salads too. We also had French Onion soup....mmm good! My favorite. The jazz ensemble didn't start until 7:00PM which I forgot to ask about. The atmosphere was great! The music was simply perfect for our 18th wedding anniversary.  No complaints at all! Looking forward to eating there again. Patricia 11/24/17Nice Sunday brunch with the family featuring live guitarist and "best French toast ever".  Two disappointments;  no oysters served at brunch, even though they were written on the chalkboard and service was just ok, sides were brought at least five minutes after entrees.Delicious food, excellent service, pleasant French-style interior, fairly noisy.  The beef bouguignon was very tender and had a delicious sauce. The crepe of the day was delicious l, substantial, and amply filled.  The sautéed mushrooms and Parmesan frites side dishes were also excellent.  The Crepe Suzette had a delicious orange syrup but was not flambeed.  The server was attentive, knowledgeable, and courteous.  Only  negative was the butter, which was salted, when I think unsalted butter is routine for French food.  Prices were not cheap but not excessive. We will go back.This place is just OK. The food is expensive for what you get and the decor is kind of cheap looking. For my faux French experience, I usually prefer Parc as it us more authentic food with a better atmosphere all around.I really wanted to love Paris -- the food was fantastic and the ambiance/location was fun for A special occasion brunch. Unfortunately, the service was abysmal that I would never go back -- the worst I have had in a long time. I enjoy a lingering brunch, but it really should not take three hours. And, I unfortunately overheard the hostess lie snarkily to incoming patrons who were confused about why their reserved table would not be ready for another 20 - 30 minutes. Instead of admitting that tables were turning over slowly due to their slower-than-molasses-service, she lied and blamed it on "customers who were (eye roll and huffy sigh) who were taking too long to finish eating." NiceHorrible place! I have never seen a staff as rude as the ones over here! They think they're in France or something. Made a reservation and when we got there, they told us that they're busy and it will take 45 minutes to seat us. We had visitors from out of state and wanted to take them out and had no choice but to agree to wait. When we agreed, they said BUT it may take longer. I lost it then and said there were empty tables in the restaurant, why can't we have any of them? She said they were reserved, as if we didn't have a reservation! This place clearly did not want to seat us and tried the best they could not to seat us! We were nicely dressed and have no idea why they didn't. Anyway, we tried the place another day and the food was not very good.Good.  Could be great. I wanted it to be great. But it gave me good. 
Entering the main Bistro, you step down, and the overall look is fun and French. Fancy, but not casual and not pretentious. Reservations were for the Jazz cafe downstairs. We followed through the main dining area and around the corner to steps that went downstairs.  The first impression was that the decor was fun, dark, with cool wall sconces and mirrors. Had a back-in-time speakeasy vibe. It was also cold, particularly for a summer night, but it is a basement.  If you are wearing short sleeves or a thin top, you may be chilly.
We got there just before the second music set started.  The musicians that night were a trio of Guitar, drums, and bass. They were highly talented. Played a nice mix of standards and some originals and were friendly and approachable in between sets.  
The menu is pricey and French, but for the most part, the quality matched the price, especially considering the premium that exists, de facto, in Philadelphia.  They have a fun group of cocktails,  from which I selected the Paris Manhattan, with hints of orange and rosemary. Delicious.  Appetizers were well executed and enjoyed by all.  I had the Charred Octopus, which was perfectly cooked: some resistance to the bite but not tough. The cauliflower was roasted to the point of tenderness, and the hint of lime brought out the flavor of the octopus.  I assume the acidity helped keep it tender.  Others enjoyed their appetizers as well.  Between the appetizer and dinner, they brought out a refreshing palate cleanser: baby tomatoes sliced and topped with pesto and oil. My dinner was the red snapper, and It was perfectly cooked.  Companions had a flat iron steak that was tasty, a young chicken, and a Salad Lyonnaise. 
I would say that half the table loved their entree (my snapper and the young chicken were finished and more than satisfied).  The Flat Iron Steak was described as "good."  But the Salad had some issues.  The egg whites in it were raw.  Perhaps that is the norm, but attempts to flag the server down to ask about it were tough (This was an ongoing problem, by the way, throughout the night.  Our server was often hard to find: there was a long delay from when we were first sat and given water until they came back to place the order. The delay to receive the entrees was also long, but we didn't mind as much, because the music was so good). Eventually, the server came by to check on us, and the problem was explained, that the egg whites were raw, and could they get one with a fried egg instead of poached instead.  We were greeted with politeness and an apology and a promise to whip up a new salad.  And then waited.  Almost the entire table had finished their entrees before the server returned.  And not only that, but they apparently just added to to the existing salad, and fried a new egg, leaving the old salad there, with the raw parts still throughout!
Of course, by the time the server could be found again, the issue was explained, and they seemed surprised that the issue was the raw egg (which was explained to them originally). To be fair, there was music playing; perhaps they didn't hear the complaint correctly, but if that's the case, it's on them to make sure they understand. But this typified the problems I had with the night.  There was a lack of attention to detail that stopped it from being perfect.  There were looks between the hostess and the staff on our arrival that were lacking in professionalism.  They executed octopus, red snapper and a young chicken to perfection, but slipped on a salad. But the service was hard to find. And even worse, did not fix the problem when it was found.
If someone is looking for a nice place to go to have French food and hear Jazz, this does that well. It is the sort of place that would make for a cute date night, too.  But the problem with that would be that in that setting, the experience is as important as the food, and in this case, it was not executed to the same level as the food. Based on food and music, this could have been a five-star review. I wanted it to be. But the service and response pulled it down to four.Went for a birthday dinner with a group of 7. The service was AMAZING. We were downright fussed-over (in a good way). The drinks were yummy - I loved the Bistro Fizz. But - here's the disappointing part - the food was just OK. A mixed bag. My steak (the steak frites maison, I think it's called) was extremely tough. I asked for medium-well and it was done well. My boyfriend's prime rib was amazing, though. Very tender. The desserts were mixed, as well. The almond cake - amazing. Creme brulee - ok. Crepe suzette? Was terrible. Soggy and sort of a clump. We'll likely go back and try some other items. A good time was had but the food could be better overall.Had very disappointing dinner last night. Even though we were there early and restaurant was still pretty empty it took them 15 minutes just to fill out drink order. The terrible service just continued from there with 3 of us getting our dinners and having to wait another 5 minutes for the 4th to be served. We won't go back.