In one word: Dry.
In three words: Dry and flavorless.
Preferred Geno's, but only because his cheez whiz makes it less dry.
My comparison review of Genos v. Pats:
Despite their poor reviews on Yelp for being over priced, less than spectacular, and staffed by greasy men with the unique streak of arrogance borne of notoriety, we felt that experiencing the origins of the 'steak would be more rewarding than tracking down steakeries more highly regarded by the on-line community. 
So off to South Philly we ventured. We had been warned by other steak hunters that the area inhabited by the legendary steakeries was dilapidated and dangerous- so we were happily surprised to find them located in a vibrant community reminiscent of the San Francisco Mission (except with a lot less Latinos and a lot more Italians.) 
Arriving unmolested, we broke into teams to procure steaks from each of the shops (without out having to stand in both the long winding lines sequentially.) Our team went to Geno's, while Priscilla, Tammy and Sam went to Pat's to pick up our steaks. 
Geno's was interestingly decorated in photo's of the owner and his son posing with scantily-clad, skanky looking women and various celebs, as well as over the top pro-American propaganda and anti-immigrant rhetoric. 
I was warned by a woman in line that I must order our steaks with the whiz. Apparently it caused quite an uproar when John Kerry failed to order the traditional "South Philly," from Geno's- note that Pat's doesn't serve the whiz, so apparently the style only represents the north corner of the intersection, rather than all of South Philly.
When I returned to our seats, team 2 had already procured our steaks from Pats. Apparently some confusion had occurred during ordering, and we now had in our possession 7 steaks- 4 from Pats, and 3 from Genos. 
Both steaks were pretty basic- thin strips of steak with onions on bland French rolls; Pat's came with the traditional Provolone and Geno's with the aforementioned Cheese Whiz.
I started by eating one half of a Pat's steak. It was decent, but uninspiring. Several members of the expedition complained that Pat's Steaks were too dry. While not overly moist, I didn't share their concern; however the flavor was lacking in my opinion. Pat's Steaks were very bland in flavor, reminding me of my own creations before I got down with Montreal seasoning and fresh garlic. The cheese was also lacking in flavor. 
Next, I moved onto a Geno's steak, with the Whiz. I was intrigued by the flavor and consistency of the Whiz; the steak was juicier than Pat's and the Whiz and grease mixed into thin cheese-gravy that soaked the otherwise bland roll. The meat was similarly bland to that of Pat's, but the flavor of the Whiz compensated for the most part. 
I ended up consuming about 2.5-3 steaks in various portions in the sitting, as a excess had been ordered and various members of the expedition were unable to complete their missions, so I feel that I am qualified to end the age old debate as to who makes the best Cheese Steak:
Consensus amongst the group was that Geno's made the better steak of the two, but Geno's lost points due to the quasi-racist vibe, and at least 1 member of the expedition didn't care much for the Whiz. If we had spent more than a single night in Philly, we would have undoubtedly searched for less famous, but more delectable competition, but unfortunately we left the City of Brotherly love disappointed by the over-hyped, over-rated 'steaks. 
Mike's Ratings: (On a scale from 1-5, 5 being perfect and 1 being inedible.)
Cheese Steak Shop: 4.5-5 (Great tasting, but pretty expensive. I require a 15' to fully satisfy my hunger)
Geno's: 3-3.5 (Tasty, also too damn expensive) 
Pat's: 2.5-3 (Very bland, I can do better at home.)
Vanessa's Ratings:
Cheese Steak Shop: 5 ("Yummy!")
Geno's: 3.5 ("I wouldn't go out of my way to stand in that line & he's racist.")
Pat's: 2 ("It was too dry.")had cheese steaks all over philly and nobody could touch pat's in my opinion. geno's was not even closeHands down the best cheese steaks ever!!! I traveled all over the U.S for my job and Pats is still the BEST!! Do not go through or near Philly without stopping at Pats!!!!So basically because it's famous, they over charge for their overly greasy and mediocre cheesesteaks, but you're still going to go here. The guy taking my order reminded me of the Soup Nazi and I was scared to mess up my order. A cheesesteak is $10, fries $4.50. Crazy right? The sizes are smaller than others I've had, extremely greasy, under seasoned and extremely overrated. As fast as I got my cheesesteak it wasn't even hot, what?! Jim's and Ishkabibble's on South St are way better... don't waste your time or money.You. Are. Kidding. This is the worst cheese steak I ever had! Stale bread, grizzled meat. Not even close to good. The Emperor's New Clothes. A joke and a ripoff. Geno's is no better, by the way. These are gimmicks.  Go to Sheetz.I can't really compare Pat's and Geno's since I didn't have to taste Geno's cheesteaks, but Pat's was quite good!
There were so many flavor combination available but I stuck to "Steak Whiz Wit-Out"(no onions just cheez whiz)! Make sure you do your order right, be quick and have cash.
@ lunch-be prepared to find parking and/or eat while standing. Don't you worry...it's all worth it.
I stopped @ Pat's hours before my flight back to Cali and wished I ordered another one for my plane ride back home.Never fails to hit the spot at anytime this is always the best cheesesteaks in Philly hands downFinally a real Philly Cheese Steak. I got a whiz wit. The bread was soft, the meat was, well meaty, and the cheese was whizzy. Best cheese steak I ever had.Claim to be the inventors of the Philly Cheesesteak. We literally walked 2.5 miles to get here (our own decision), so we were starving when we got there. Don't worry when you see the long line; they serve about 15 people a minute (no joke). I asked for American cheese on mine, but I'm pretty sure you get cheese wiz no matter what. Also watch out for the service: I'm pretty sure the rudeness is part of the act, but I was very taken aback when the guy yelled at me WHILE I was ordering. Definitely be prepared when you step up to order.
All of that being said, the food was great! I got the cheesesteak with onions and covered it with ketchup. Delicious! And definitely get the fries!! Literally the best fries I've ever had. If you're looking for fast food, this is a great choice. Minus one star only for the service.Its not as good as you think... like at all I can make a better cheesesteak at home no lie. They rush you to order the steak was tough and chewy something like gum seemed like it was sitting on the grill for hrs before we got it it. The cheese sauce was good but there was barely any on it. Even there bread wasn't the best it was just to much of it and it was kinda old like it was sitting in the freezer for weeks and they just took it out and sold it.  The best part of this place is the fries lol I won't be coming back to be honest with you I was sorely disappointed in this place.This is my favorite cheesesteak. We came from California  and my husband was determined to get it. It was amazing the meat is thin and the onions with the wiz was amazing!
The French fries with cheese were good and we had a fruit punchThe better place of the two. A tourist place but still decent cheesesteak. Most locals will tell you if you want the best steaks, go someplace other than Geno's and Pat's, but nonetheless it's worth the visit and the better of the two places.Complete trash.  If you've ever eaten a cheesesteak in your life, avoid this place.  Just a tourist trap and hype machine.  Quizno's makes a much better cheesesteak.  In the question of pat's vs geno's, the answer is, who f*cking cares?  They both suck.  Went here 2 years ago with my brother.  Needless to say, i was excited, cuz i love food and heard so much about these two places.  I took a bite, looked at him, and started laughing.  Same with geno's, though.  I figured maybe i was mistaken, so i have gone back every time i've gone to philly for a concert or something (live in DC).  Nope.  Eaten here three or four times.  Wish i had my $30 back, so i could buy a grenade and blow the two places up.
Maybe if i was blackout drunk.I am forever a Pat's fan. I love everything about this sandwich, the bread, the meat, and the wiz. Every time I am in Philly, I stop over for a cheesesteak. There's not much to say about it. There is usually a line, which will give you time to formulate your order because you better have it figured out by the time you make it to the window. If it's cold out, bring your gloves because there is no indoor seating. Still worth it if you are in town!Pat lays it out like it is, King of Steaks! All of these other steaks are nothing but measly peasants. Bow down, here comes the Patty!HELLOOO tourist central. After you get passed the fact that the fanny-pack wearing people taking pictures on how to order your food- HELLOOO crazy goodness. You can catch me here before I head over to the phils game and not pay prices over there for something you can get here that is the magnificent of all magnificence.
It's simple. Simple goodness. You want a specimen of a perfect cheesesteak? This is where you come. I'm organized & clean about everything in my life, except FOOD. If I don't have stains on my shirt, pants, or face after a meal - I haven't enjoyed it. I'm a hot mess at Pat's! I almost can't describe the food here. The cheese fries are umm, YUM. 
Pizza steak, without, whiz. Pure love.
FYI - they only accept cash.
My mom & brother like Geno's..... hey, you can't pick your family.Just as mediocre as Geno's. Don't bother waiting in line. If you want to try a cheesesteak just go to any divey restaurant in philly and they make them. If you want to wait in a forever line and try a philly cheesesteak that's at least tasty, go to Jim's on South street.I'm from Jersey and when I think of cheesesteak, I think of driving 2.5 hours down 95 to load my belly with chopped steak, sizzling whiz on a soft bun. I've been to all the popular joints in town and this is in my opinion what a Philly Cheesesteak should be. 
But who cares what my opinion is - this place is already part of American food lore and is bigger than what a few people type onto a website about long lines and rude service. Go try it for yourself!Honestly, it was a standard "philly whiz wit" that met my expectations. Bread was good and meat tasted fresh and seasoned. I think the vintage look and experience of it all makes this place worthwhile for anyone new to Philadelphia!Awful food served with an equally awful attitude. Mine ended up in the bin after a couple of mouthfuls. I don't get how this dirty little place ever got on the tourist trail. Don't be a sheep, go give your hard-earned cash to somewhere that cares.I know Pat's is a very touristy site for cheesesteaks in Philly, but what they hey, it's still one of my favorite spots to hit up. Driving through those narrow neighborhood streets, can't help but think of Rocky. I really enjoyed Pat's cheesesteaks in the past. They were always juicy and better tasting than Geno's in my opinion. During this trip, I couldn't help but notice the saltiness of their cheesesteaks and cheese fries.
Sure the wiz is straight from a tin can but I found myself extremely thirsty by the time I got back to the hotel. I woke up in the middle of the night just to drink a whole bottle of water. At the time I was eating the cheesesteak, it was delicious. Extremely tender and juicy but everything was indeed a lot saltier than usual, especially the fries.
Verdict - price constantly climbs higher and higher for a cheesesteak in Philly. Despite the saltiness, it was still a fun experience showing my sister in-law Pat's steaks. We all enjoyed it and found parking right away. Speaking of parking, be careful with panhandlers and scam artist lurking around your car at night. They wait for you to finish and rush up to you when you're getting in. One guy was asking for a ride even when we clearly have no room in our car. Bunch of weirdos in this neighborhood so just watch out.Pats is okay. IT is a true philly experience if nothing else. Included is the cheesesteak nazi picture. Just placing an order from him is worth the trip. If you want a great steak go to Jims. If you want culture go to pats.Another tourist spot and philadelphia landmark. I usually only eat here if i have guests from out of town that want a down and dirty philadelphia steak. there are definitely better places. come for the experience, not the food. line up, read the sign, memorize how you will order something, pay, go find a free table, eat, and people watch.Ate here for my second trip to Philly. My boyfriend is from there and decided to let me try a "tourist" spot , I struggled to find the value , it was okay , I wasn't really impressed , to be honest , I've had better cheesesteaks in Maryland , where I am from. It was overpriced and the steak was barely hot , barely hot that the cheese wouldn't even melt on the cheesesteak , I was highly disappointed & I let my boyfriend know to NEVER TAKE ME BACK THERE. I rather eat at Jerry's .Awful. Just awful. Stale, cold sandwich. Tourist trap- just stay away.Lines were a little shorter than Genos but there was still a line. I had the cheese steak with mushroom, peppers, wit provolone cheese. The bread was saggy, there was little meat. Nevertheless, the steak and the onions were well season. Very flavorful indeed compare to Genos.The cheese steaks are just OK. I can definitely say i will eat it over Geno's though. The sandwiches are greasy and the meat isn't chopped up as much as i would like. The prices are high. .. $9.50 a sandwich. However after a late night out, it's convenient to pick up. The lines are long but they move very fast. The parking sucks because it's so congested in that area. Emergency park and take to go. If you're lucky and find parking, there is only outdoor seating no matter the temperature outside.This place is a Dump!
I wouldn't feed this garbage to a animal.
Your eating outside on a filthy table. The smell of philly sewage while eating a over priced sandwich is disgusting. There's what feels like hundreds of Flys and insects flying around the cook, food, ect. 
I will never come eat a mistake here again.Our first stop each time we fly into Philly!
Awesome cheesesteaks & the guys are always so friendly. 
Don't forget to stand in Rocky's spot from the movie!We made our way (from Boston) to Pat's after seeing the fued between Pat's and Gino's on Man vs. Food. I gotta say I side with Pat's. It was the juiciest Steak n Cheese Ive ever had. We walked up to te window and asked for an authentic Philly Pat's Style and it was sooooo goood!!! A must stop from now on whenever we go to or through Philly. Amazing!Ive been here multiple times and its great and all but I mainly come back just for the atmosphere and for people to be rude to me while i order my food lol. Pats is right across from Genos (there is some cheesesteak rivalry going on) and they both had equal lines of people. The cheesesteak came out super fast (within 5 seconds of me paying), hot, and full of greasy deliciousness.
The sandwich is great but I just don't know if its worth the trip to that particular location, since traffic is hectic and parking is a b!tch. I feel like there are so many more places in Philadelphia to get a sandwich that is just as good tasting, if not better. 
This is more just a rite of passage to come here and get something from either Pats/Genos/or both. I would give it a 3-3.5 but food is never terrible so im rating 4.Purported to be the "original" - I must say it was a phenomenal cheesesteak even cold when eaten at home 2 hours later!!This is a Philly institution, and something every lover of cheesesteaks should experience at least once in their life.  No, it's not THE best in town, but it's solid, and going into the middle of South Philly, waiting in line, ordering (correctly) at the counter, dealing with the brusque "service", then sitting at a cheap table outdoors to eat adds to the experience (FYI - there is no indoor seating).    
They don't use the best quality meat, or the best quality bread.   But it's still very good, and much better than Geno's next door (which I always found to be very dry).  Pat's drips when you eat it - as a cheesesteak should!this place is no joke!  have your order ready and money at hand!
it's worth the drive, especially coming from nyc.  
The line is either a hit or a miss.  Usually, I get online when it's short...thank goodness! It's all about luck.  
As for the sandwich itself... it's juicy!  lots of cheese, good amount of steak.Went for the first time.....MUCH better than Geno's across the street. AND 
their fries are one of the best I've ever had! Overall wouldn't say cheese steaks are that much better but nice to try the original. Not necessarily worth 4 stars but in comparison to Geno's, definitely IMO.It was a new thing for me, trying new things make me happy, and no way were we going to that racist schmuck across the street. The cheese steak;  I wasn't expecting a cold cheese steak. Like, the meat was cold, the bread was cold , the provolone cheese was cold. Que? The cheese fries were quite fun to eat, but I shoulda had the cheese steak wit wiz.  But then, my brother got them for us how HE liked them; I was dying of the flu I picked up shortly before leaving Los Angeles, so I didn't fight him on this one. It was super cold when we went, so I dunno if the sandwiches got cold because the weather was cold and we had to eat outside, or what.  And I did see the guy behind the counter get impatient with a girl that was ordering ahead of us because she couldn't make up her mind, just like they said he would in my Lonely Planet Philadelphia book. :)
This place gets five stars though, because on my way back to our car, this junkie came up to me, saying "Gimmie a dollar for a cheese steak" and I croaked that I didn't have one, and she called me a bitch. Places with a story get five stars, always, for me. Food wise, I probably just couldn't taste anything cause I had the flu, but this place will always stand out in my mind as the place I got called a bitch.Finally we got to try a real good Philly Cheesesteak. a bunch of guys from outta town decided to stop there for a real Philly experience (believe me ordering IS an experience)
my Provolone wit was fantastic (that bun is so fresh it makes a world of difference)
and do they serve you fast, make sure you're ready and don't slow down the line...
size of the sandwich could of been bigger (that is my only complaint) 
hesitated to cross the street and try Geno's but let just say i was persuated NOT to go!!
i'm sure you can get a better bigger cheesesteak somewhere, but this was a legit sandwich in a historic institution!! 4 starsI liked Pat's King of Steaks. My girlfriend and I did a small tour of Steaks while in Philadelphia over the weekend of 20 and 21 in February. 
Good portion of meat with some fat in it, not too lean, cooked well. American Cheese was tasty.
I judge a steak by Bread, cheese, and meat. And that's all I want, no wiz, by the way that drives me nut's people actually put something like that on a sandwich. And no I don't want  "wit" anything. Not knocking onions, but for a best cheesesteak comparison, not you don't and you can't. You judge them by meat, cheese, bread only, that's it.
So the Steak was good, 4 stars but Sonny's won on our limited comparisons even though we thought Pat's meat was a better quality, Sonny has more flavor, so maybe Sonny is flavoring their meat, which isn't a bad idea, I want a little snap out of the meat but Pat's was decent. It's not a tourist trap like people said, but we did go on a Monday. They have a good cheesesteak.A delicious cheesesteak with a side of homophobia.
OK, I'm not gonna expect these dudes to be politically correct. They're not known for their kindness -- though Geno's across the way is the Philly institution known for their xenophobia. We decided to come to Pat's because, well, its the one that's not Geno's. But it is, in it's own sad little way. 
Two quasi-gay-looking guys walk up to the window and order. My boyfriend orders, but he's out of cash (CASH ONLY, by the way). The dude tells him his steak sandwich is $10, I step in and say "oh, we're together." He looks at us, and says "fine, but that sounds so, so wrong." I could, of course, lecture him right then and there. But I want my effing cheesesteak, so I just took it. 
On the bright side, the cheesesteak was very good, as were the cheese fries. The co2 cartridge was out, so my soda was fine after I harassed them to replace the co2. This would have been a great experience, minus the mini-gay bashing.Pat's doesn't need a review.  Its cheese steaks speak for themselves.  Pat's steaks are responsible for creating an iconic food native to Philadelphia that has been mimicked (unsuccessfully) everywhere in the world.  It is truly an original.
If you've never gone there, go.  If you've been there, keep on keepin' the faith.  Pat's is a tradition that hopefully will outlive us all...and if you eat enough cheese steak, that might not be such a long time.2.5 if I could.
Despite the historic reputation, Pat's cheesesteaks just aren't that great. I'm guessing all the traffic the place gets is from the publicity from food shows, and I'll bet most of the patrons are tourists. For all the PR this place gets, the food is mediocre at best. The meat is a sliced ribeye that is unseasoned and bland. You get a choice of cheese, and the American which I got seemed like Kraft singles. The bread was fresh, and had a nice texture that complimented the meat, cheese and onions, however, the bland and excessively greasy meat was hard to overcome. The arrogant attitude of the employees (which is part of the reputation and charm to some people) is annoying given the quality of the food. Also, the $9 price tag is probably $3 more than what it should cost. The other famous place down the street is Geno's, which I inferring is worse because the lines were considerably shorter. I'm told that there are better places in Philadelphia, namely Tony Luke's.Why? I mean I can now say I've gotten an actually philly cheesesteak and it's just sadly disappointing. With wiz or without whatever it's really just kind of sad. Particularly for when it's almost 10 bucks and parking is a bitch. I ended up going somewhere else to eat another cheesesteak (not Geno's) in the same night, just to get the taste out of my mouth basically.Awesome and really fast, they just want to get you in and out of there so no complaints.First timer here! Came to Philly and was told Pat's was THE place to go so I obliged. A bit of a line but it moved quickly. You have to stalk tables to try to get one when someone gets up. Best Philly cheesesteak I've had in my life though! Came with cheese and onions on it and the meat melts in your mouth. There was an optional toppings station that included peppers, mustard, ketchup, etc. I loved the addition of the spicy mustard. Fries came out hot. I would say this place is a must-experience in Philadelphia!Pretty good sandwich, it was defiantly better than geno's! The cheese fries were pretty good too. Tell you the truth I have had better though!!!I used to live on Passyunk Avenue and I have to give my support to Pat's.  Firstly, I am a vegetarian and their cheese fries are far superior to Geno's (I've had both).  All of my guests as well as friends in the area go for Pat's over Geno's (I've also heard support for Ray's on South Street), with one commenting that Pat's cuts the meat in the sandwich so the flavor comes out better (and you don't have to tear it with your teeth like an animal).  I would add that Geno's is gawdy and awful to have to look at.  Parking can be a pain so if you're within walking distance I suggest you walk.  Be prepared to stand in line for a bit, bring cash and also note that you will likely not find a place to sit (at least right away) unless it's a really weird time of day during the week.  And go for the "whiz," it's the right thing to do.Yes, it's tourist attraction but I had tasted better Philly cheesesteak than this. 
Opposite corner of Pat's is its competitor Geno's. Geno's looks more new and clean than Pat's.I've been here twice. The first time I had my cheesesteak with provolone cheese and WID onions! Each bite was so wonderful, and I think this will be my go-to cheesesteak next time I'm in Philly and want Pats. The last time I came here I went with cheese whiz and WID OUT onions and my stomach didn't settle too well with that. There wasn't anything wrong with the cheesesteak, I just didn't like the cheese whiz. If you really want to try the whiz on your cheesesteak I'd also add onions and accessorize with more condiments to make it more flavorful and moist. I've always had my fries plain because I think they're pretty good as is. I've only eaten here during the winter time which is surprising because it's all outdoor seating. So for anyone not from Philly and wanting to try it, just pay attention to what the temperature is like and dress accordingly because you'll be outside.
In terms of the whole  Pats vs Geno's argument, I honestly wouldn't be able to give you an honest assessment of which one truly offers the best cheesesteak. I've tried both but have been sticking with Pats. Pats gets cool points & loyalty from me because of Rocky... and you know the whole Geno's racist sign thing. AINT NOBODY GOT TIME FOR WHITE PRIVILEGE!!!!! GO PAT'S!!!!!!It's the classic Philly Cheesesteak! What more can you say. Ya gotta go! I can't decide between here and Geno's they're both damn good and pretty similar. Pat's had better rolls. Go to both. You decide!I'm not the biggest fan of cheesesteaks, but I felt obligated to get a cheesesteak since I was in Philly. I decided to come to Pat's and Geno's to test the infamous rivalry. 
For Pat's I got a cheesesteak with whiz and peppers and onions. Compared to Geno's it was a little more expensive, but they definitely stuff it with more meat. The cheese has a slightly different flavor, and was less cheesy than Geno's. 
Pat's had a shorter line, and you can tell they're just trying to hurry the line up. I also think Pat's has a more classic feel to it as it's more lowkey. 
In a comparison between the two, I think Pat's wins just because it's stuffed with more meat.This is my first time going to Philly and having a Philly Cheese steak. I thought it was pretty good :)  
I asked two people and both recommended to try Pat's or Geno's.These guys really are the king of cheese steaks.  I had two phily cheese steaks with provo and onions.Greasy and fatty with a wait outside in the cold. Go instead to Jim's steaks at Fourth and South Streets for the very best cheese steaks anywhere.While I can't really compare to other Philly Cheesesteaks (i.e. Geno's or Tony Luke's) this place is really, really good. Plus, it's not nearly as intimidating for an out-of-towner, as I've heard Geno's is.
I got mine "wit wiz" and it was deeeelicious.
A little expensive, but I'm sure the others are just as pricey.First trip for cheesesteaks.. didn't disappoint... so good after running a 15k... definitely going back next time when I'm thereabsolutely amazing. spending the weekend in Philly and had to check out pats and Genos! I'm a pats fan at the moment! so much history and a huge line out the door! not to mention it was delicious!
provolone cheese steak wit  that's what you gotta get!!! sooo good!Pretty good philly cheese steak--better than geno's across the street.I live an hour and half away in North Jersey but yet I am currently the "Duke" of this place on yelp... enough said.
First time? Order a Steak Wit Wiz (Cheese steak with onions and cheese wiz)
   You have to order in a particular way and then move to your left as they pass you your ready cheese steak a few seconds later as its ready.  Otherwise they sort of turn into The Soup Nazi while ordering.
Yes, Geno's across the street may have all the fancy lights and attracts the people who don't know any better but your a yelper and well informed so stay away from the dark side.  But be warned if you do attempt to dance with the enemy, don't bring mention of one to the other lest you might get lynched.   
Now that you know how to order from the Original and Historic Philadelphia Cheese Steak what are you waiting for? Get in your car... Road Trip!Grading a cheesesteak is a lot like grading any of your poops. Sure some are more impressive than others but its all just shit you dont want inside your body. With that in mind Ill give it my best shot...
Pats is not as terrible as genos. So there.The long wait is over. I've cross four states to try this place. And guess what; it was worth it despite  the horrible weather. 
This is probably the shortest review, I've written since I became a member of yelp. I will make it brief and short. It was indeed the best Philly Cheesteak I've ever had. The bread was soft and moist. The steak was cooked to perfection. It tasted divine. I will say it again, the best Philly Cheesteak ever.
Must try. You won't be disappointed.You may have had cheesesteaks all over the city, but pats are completely different.  The meat is all chopped up and the hot sause is incredible.  
Don't make this your first cheesesteak.  Develop a taste first, so you can really appreciate it.Is it the best cheesesteak? No. Are the cheese fries delicious? Yep. Is it fun to hang out at 3 am amongst all sorts of people drunk and enjoying an unhealthy snack. Absolutely.Eh. Not impressed. I think this place would have gone out of business years ago without the supposed "competition" with Gino's across the street. I'd give these guys a 2/5, Gino's a 2/5. If you want something good, try Jim's on 4th and South 5/5. There are several other 4-5 star places around other than Jim's, but don't waste your time with these "authentic" places. The bread is all chewy and the meat is like something you get from 7-11.The argument about who's better, or which came first between Pat's and Geno's can go on forever so let me break it down this way: although Geno's 'may' be faster at getting your steak out they can be gruff and irritated even with locals, so just based on that I'd go to Pat's. The quality is the same between the two, so it comes down to service and Pat's wins.I don't know what's the big deal of this place, the service was bad, the guy behind the counter wasn't very friendly, at the time my bf and I were the only 2 ppl online.  He didn't need to rush us.  Made me felt like I'm back at the school cafeteria in 5th grade where the lunch lady rush us through the lines because there were many hungry kids on the line waiting for the "delicious" macaroni and cheese.... I had the philly cheese steak, I still don't see what the fuss is about? the bread tasted like supermarket bread... I guess I can finally said been there, try that, not that impressive...So I always see Pat's and Geno's on TV so I really wanted to eat here.  I brought a Philly cheesesteak from Pat's and my husband got his from Geno's so that we could compare.  
Both are far from the tourist scene (ie the Liberty Bell and Independence Hall) so it is a journey to get to either one.  
Philadelphia is apparently known for being rude (so our tour guide mentioned) and Pat's and Geno's live up to the reputation.  The woman at Pat's gave one guy a hard time because he didn't ask for a bag when he ordered.  When I tried to order soda, I was quickly rejected and told I had to go to the next window (sandwiches at one window, soda and fries at another). Geno's had a line and they have little patience if you don't know how to give your order right.
In to the food... we preferred Pat's more than Geno's.  In fact I had to give my husband my Pat's cheesesteak and got stuck with the Geno's one.  
Pat's bread is softer, while Geno's was tougher kind of like old french bread.  The meat at Pat's was a little jucier but more fatty.  Neither had a real good steak taste though.  I got whiz on the Pat's sandwich which gave it a creamy texture, although they were pretty skimpy with it so there wasn't nearly enough whiz. My husband got provolone on the Geno's sandwich and it wasn't even melted.
All in all, I wouldn't go to either place again.  Our tour guide pointed us towards Sonny's which is on Market street (3-4 blocks from the Liberty Bell so wat more convenient). It was also cheaper and way tastier.
But if you are like me and have to go just to go, I recommend Pat's over Geno's.Whiz wit.  (Cheese whiz with onions.)  Top that with some peppers from the condiments section and you'll have a great cheese steak.  The cheese whiz, as unhealthy as it sounds, is key.  
Pat's does it best.  If you take a cab here though, be warned - it's hard to get a cab back.Mmmmm cheese and meat!
Wit whiz! No onions for me though hehe 
Anyway! Lines are long! Outdoor seating! Very touristy! But you definitely have to try it once.Good. Nothing amazing. We ended up getting a few from here and a few from Geno's to compare. I definitely liked Pat's better. The cheese whiz tastes so different and the bread was better. They also offer more hot peppers than they do at Geno's. Either way, if you're visiting South Philly, these are good places to check out. Be ready to wait in long lines and spend some time finding parking. Cash only, limited seating and no bathrooms available.Nothing tastes better when you have been starving all night, and got a cheesesteak at 3 am becuz that's like the only place that's still open around here. All the drunk heads there last night would agree with me.I liked this better than Geno's. For some reason, both the cheese steak and the fries tasted better.I've been to Philly only twice in my life and I came here both times. I must say, they definitely have the best tasting philly cheesesteak I've ever had. But don't forget to get their french fries too! They are battered and soooo yummy : ) 
Know what you want before ordering!!!!Oh how the mighty have fallen. About a decade ago I would have said that Pat's was one of my favorite cheesesteak spots in Philly, now it's not even top ten, not by a long shot. What started as a modest cheesesteak stand has now become one of the biggest tourist traps in the city. The cheesesteak is just ok, the meat is on the drier side, probably because they make it well before you order. The price is absurd, $9.75 for a cheesesteak is out of control. If you want a great cheesesteak, check out Jim's on South Street or Abner's in University City. The only benefit of Pat's is that it's open 24 hr a day, so if you're just leaving the bar and need some munchies, Pat's can offer a much needed 2AM snack. But hey, so can Wawa for a lot cheaper.After visiting the Liberty Bell, my friends and I walked for almost an hour on a blistering January day to get to Pat's (and Geno's).
Now, if you're looking for sushi, you eat at the clean, sophisticated-looking restaurant. If you're looking for cheesesteaks in Philly, common sense says the dirtier the better. So we bypassed the neon signs at Geno's and chose to eat at Pat's first.
I went with the "usual" cheese steak with onions and Wiz and took my first bite.
WOW.  SO good. The bread, the meat, the cheese, the onions (and of course the grease). To this day, I have not had a cheese steak that comes even REMOTELY close. You really can't say you've had a cheesesteak until you've had one in this city.
Upon finishing, we walked over to Geno's and we realized we liked Pat's better. The meat at Geno's was slightly better, but the bread, onions and the ratio of all the ingredients were better at Pat's. And maybe it was because Pat's was our first stop, but that will remain my favorite if asked which I liked more.  
Just one recommendation: if you're going from the Bell, take a cab; otherwise it'll be a long walk through some ghetto areas.I've been living in Philadelphia for awhile and finally decided to try out one of the more "tourist" cheesesteak destinations. It was definitely some of the best bread I've had in a cheesesteak. But far from the best overall. It was a bit too greasy for me. And the staff is far from nice. They rushed me taking my order and seemed a bit upset that I had to use some change because I didn't realize it was cash only. The place only offers outdoor seating so be prepared on a busy night to not have a seat. However it's a much better appeal then the flashy Geno's across the street.Came here right after trying a cheese steak sandwich right across the street at Geno's and was equally disappointed.
Ordered the steak sandwich with provolone cheese and onions.  Not impressed at all.  The meat portion was more generous then at Geno's but the total lack of flavor really turned me off.
Keeping my fingers crossed that Tony's will be better!Pat's is one of the two big names when it comes to steaks. Both Pat's and Geno's are located across from each other and I really can't taste a difference. If there is one- it's not significant.
Along with that, these are Philly Cheesesteaks- but there are so many better options. Sadly, these are the two that always come to mind though when it comes to philly steaks.
I like the way Pat's is run. I like that Pat keeps his attention on his steak and isn't outspoken/annoying like his counterpart across the street.
Honestly, though, if you're up late and want a steak- go for it. Other than that, there are plenty of other places to get a quality cheesesteak.Pat's King of Steaks is purportedly the original cheesesteak shop, and while it is obviously a major tourist attraction in Philadelphia - it's one of those things you have to do - fortunately, the cheesesteak is still very tasty and I'd definitely consider returning again to visit this local institution.
Important Facts: CASH ONLY $11 cheesesteak (as of this review)- limited street parking - one window to order your cheesesteak at and then another to order fries/drinks. All seating is covered outdoor seating on red picnic tables. 
THE ORDERING PROCESS
- Very simple - very BRUSQUE - we ain't in the South no more...
Two windows - the one to the right is to order JUST STEAKS.
There's a little bit of lingo with the steaks - it's on their website, but hundreds of people a day butcher it while dealing with the brusque staff so I wouldn't worry about it too much. Something like "whiz with (wit)" will get you a cheesesteak with onions and cheese whiz (I've always been told whiz is the original cheese topping - if this is your first visit don't you want to be "authentic?"
Second window you order fries and drinks.
You pay separately at each window. 
They do this because the steaks are more or less ready to go and they want to keep the line moving. They give you a guttural yell of "next" to tell you they're ready for the next order. They want you to have your cash money out as you get the window to keep things running smoothly. A cheesesteak is $11 "whiz with" (I refuse to say wit - it does not compute to my tongue). By the time I got my change our two steaks were ready.
We passed on the fries and got a soda for $3.50.
My visit to Pat's was the last event during a completely spontaneous trip to Philly from DC - my first ever visit. After spending about 3 hours touring wandering around, seeing the "Rocky steps" and hanging out at the Free Library (too cheap to spend $20+ on admission to the many interesting museums in town and too late to see the Liberty Bell) I decided it was finally time to cough up some dough and drove to South Philly.
Frankly the whole process was rather stressful. I had read about the ordering process on their website but didn't realize it was cash only until I was nearly there, so I pulled off into a 7-11 and got $40 out of the ATM.
The neighborhood Pat's is in is close quarters with limited street parking and tourists from all 50 states and many foreign countries clogging the streets. After one pass around the block of one way streets I managed to find a spot (it's all parallel parking in case you couldn't guess). The neighborhood is probably not the best, but didn't feel actively unsafe at twilight on a Monday evening. I was asked for money by a guy who looked like Rocky's cousin and then, after our meal was over, we literally were sitting in our car when a man on a bike rode up to a man sitting on a stoop steps from our car and did a drug deal. And no, I'm not guessing, I literally saw him dropping what was probably crack rocks into the other guy's hand. Just second's before as I was walking back to the car I had seen a police cruiser roll by, so the neighborhood is patrolled, probably more than some other neighborhoods due to the potential for crime against clueless Chinese tourists and slack jawed Southerners like yours truly.
As discussed above the service can be a little off-putting to those of us from different cultures of customer service, but I'd suggest adopting a "when in Rome" point of view as that's part of the schtick (and local culture by all accounts - look at the Eagles).
Speaking of the Eagles - at 5pm on Monday night most of the customers were wearing Wentz and McNabb jerseys as, unbeknownst to me, Monday Night Football was in Philly that night. I consider that a good sign when folks who have had time to know the area choose to eat at a place like this.
Bottom-line: This is like Cafe Dumond in New Orleans - yes, it's very touristy - it's open more or less 24/7, BUT it's still delicious and if you don't get a cheesesteak from here or Geno's your friends back home will wonder if you really even visited Philly.Made the trip from CT primarily to taste the legends and make the comparison of the two proverbial giants of the Philly Cheesesteak scene, Geno's and Pat's. Did the classic 'Whiz Wit' at each and while neither was anything that absolutely blew me away in taste alone, I won't be driving past without stopping anytime soon. Nothing anyone else hasn't said or doesn't know, but busy, and 'heres-your-change-and-your-sandwich-see-ya' very quick service. No problem here as the food is the star. 
In the end, both worthy of the hype but no doubt there's still something better out there. No true discernable taste difference between the two, although the texture of the meat might make a difference to some if comparing the two. 
From the standalone perspective: great bread, meat good and tender but limited in taste, and Whiz is Whiz.  The combination works well and IMO that is why they're here. It'd be a regular stop if I lived anywhere close by.Pats and Geno's both get lots of publicity, and rightfully so with their rich histories and great steaks.  I'm from Texas, and this was no Texas steak, but I loved it.  Depending on who's at the window, you might be able to relax and make a mistake with your order...but I recommend reading the instructions on ordering and practicing beforehand.  I also recommend the cheese fries, which must be ordered separately at the second window.  
These steaks are delicious, but I will have to try Geno's and other local hidden gems before I crown Pats...but don't let that stop you from trying a legendary steak.!st of all, why are tourists on here telling you this is the spot for "authentic philly cheese steaks" when it's truly not? No native eats here and if you're not from here, what do you know about authentic? All of my friends actually mock me for coming here when I'm in town and give me a list of alternatives but you know what? F them. I like it. And when I order the sandwiches here by their actual names which aren't listed on the menu. I get, "Who told you about that" because nobody from town actually eats here.
I'm a Food Network tourista. It's what I do. I travel the USA going to restaurants and that's how I heard about this place and I loved it so I keep coming back. Is Geno's better? Don't know. We ate there Saturday afternoon and discussed the possibility of Geno's being better and I reasoned with him.
Me: Do you like the food here?
Him: Yeah it's awesome
Me: So in reality how much better could it possibly be across the street?
Him: Yeah you're right.
You know what I hate about tourist traps? Tourists. I want to punch everybody in line practicing how to say 'wit" and rip off their fanny packs. But you know what? I love these sandwiches. And stop complaining about the price. You heard about this place the same way I did so obviously you're going to pay extra.Tourist trap. Go to Delisandros instead.I came here on a snowy, cold winter day. I was Betsy disappointed when the staff slapped some meat in a roll and handed me a "steak". The meat was not even warm enough to melt the cheese. This steak is overpriced and flavorless. I am very unimpressed and have had better cheesesteaks for half the priceMy cheesesteak spot of choice but every time I go back they raise their prices. Cherry drink FTW!better than gino's steak ... Way friendly people and way better tasting !!!! gino's all dry and tasteless .. can't believe they still in business ..I work with TONS of clients from out of town and the age old question ALWAYS seems to make it's way into the conversation: Pat's or Geno's?? Simply stated- Neither.
I eat my fair share of cheesesteaks and i could sit here and reel off a dozen other spots who serve a better steak. If you are visiting philly and wanna post up selfies outside and be all #philly #realphillycheesesteak #yolo because you need people on your social media feeds to feel envious you are eating at one of "the famous" cheesesteak spots in philadelphia, then by all means go for it.
If you are looking for a banging cheesesteak that won't punch it's way through your lower intenstines like an angry chuck norris 30 minutes after you've consumed it- try another spot.
Essentially, any good pizza shop around philly will give you a better cheesesteak.So after running the Philly Marathon, we decided what would be more fun than to go on a little cheese -steak expedition.  I hadn't been out' a cheese steakin' (didn't know that was a verb did you?) since my college frat boys days at Lehigh and all I really remember was drunkenly trying to get my order right at Pat's ('whiz-wit'); so we hopped in a cab right after we finished and headed over there first.  Prior to the race my gf flatly refused to eat anything with cheez whiz/onions (sp?) on it, but she was pretty giddy after finishing so I got to order whatever I wanted.  So their cheese steak is one of those relatively disgusting pleasures that are just damn good.  We were more or less happy as pigs in, well, cheez whiz and we were more or less covered with the unnatural goodness by the time we finished ours.  I know this place is touristy (appropriate given we were tourists though I guess), but the steak was great.  Now off to Geno's...I live in New York City, but my dad's from the Main Line and I've been coming to Philly since I was a little kid...I practically grew up on cheesesteaks and Butterscotch Krimpets!  That said, I've had many, many cheesesteaks in my life and I can say that Pat's never disappoints.  I've never waited less than 10 minutes, and on one especially long night, about a half hour for a steak; but that's fine with me because once I stuff that amazing amalgam of beef and imitation cheese and onions and bread into my gaping maw, everything else seems secondary, if only for a minute.I watched all the vs. shows and Pats is the best the steak is moist and they give you a big portion. Just to be sure we went across the street and tried Geno's. No comparison Pats all the way.There are plenty of places to get cheesesteaks in Philly, but you have to try Pat's at least once in your lifetime. 
Got a provolone with and it was pretty good (greasy as to be expected - but like felt extra greasy) with cheese fries. Cash only and quick ordering, not particularly friendly but it was a quick and rushed interaction even though there was practically no line and food took maybe 2-3 min if that.First philly cheese steak I have had and by far has made quite an impression. It was freaking delicious and I would love to go for another. I also tried Gino's cheese steak to compare.Just as mentioned with Geno's, I stopped by Pat's in order to get a taste of the rivalry between these two staples in Philly that are literally right across the street from one another.
There are signs as you walk down the line that explain how to order so that everything runs as smooth as possible and I suggest you take a look at them. The last thing you'd want is to piss off the 20-30 people behind you waiting in line for their sandwich so please just read the signs. It'll also give you a chance to sound like a Philly native who knows their stuff.
Spent about $40 for a sandwich two drinks and a large fries which makes the place a bit pricey but wasn't too concerned about the price as I was getting a taste of Philly's culture. Bring some cash; no cards accepted and seating is very limited so be prepared to stand or share a table.
Pat's totally won the battle for me personally. The cheese sauce seeps into the pieces of chopped steak and onion give the sandwich it's distinct deliciousness!Went here a few months ago for the 1st time & loved it.  It was a busy time, so it took a while to find an open seat, but all in all, it was a great cheesesteak.
I haven't tried Geno's yet, so I can't compare, but based on feedback from friends, Pat's was the place to go & we weren't disappointed.  
The price is about $9 per cheese steak.  A dollar or 2 more expensive than it probably should be in my opinion (hence only 4 stars instead of 5).It's a cheesteak. But it was a bit dry for me. Sorry, don't see what all the fuss is about. It's standard, and too hyped up.I decided to take the lady here because she's never been to Philly and we were doing tourist stuff. The cheesesteak was handed to me as I handed the cash it, in an equal exchange. Basically the steak was already made and had been sitting around. The meat was not hot, maybe warm, cheese was not full melt. No onions that I had requested. There was barely even a line, no justification for how mediocre this was. Basically Pat's let Philly down, we live in Denver CO and she's had better cheesesteaks here, until proven otherwise she will forever roll her eyes when I say that Philly steaks are better. Next time we will skip the BS and go to Dalessandro's.King of heartburn... and greasy meat, even had a weird smell... If you have a pepto chaser, you will need it.  Definitely these were not the cheesesteaks they served Michael Simon, but what they serve the common folk.  One of the establishments in the market told us, that having grown up in Philly, they'd recommend other places, but if they had to choose between Geno and Pat, Geno it is... and we know why...Pats Philly Cheesesteak is twice as good as the competition across the street! Much better service as well. If you ever go to the one across the street, I suggest you try Pats. You won't be disappointed.
 Pats lays the meat and cheese on very thick! It's. very messy, but very good for a "tourist trap" type of place.We did a cheesesteak comparison over the weekend with Pat's, Tony Lukes & Gino's. I have to say that my girlfriend & I both found Pat's to be the best of the three. I've also had Jim's in the past & found it to be my favorite. If you're up for the true Philly cheesesteak experience, Gino & Pat's are a must but overall I can think of several other places I've been with better food & less of a wait.It should be illegal to have that much meat and cheese together....this is not for the kosher or the faint of heart because this cheese stake is a big delicious mumbo jumbo. The cheese flows everywhere, the meat thankfully stays in place. A delicious thing to eat for any carnivore.Last one I had was almost uneatable. It was stringy and tough. The fries are always pretty good, but for almost $10 I'd like for the steak to be better.There is one good reason they claim to be "The King of Steaks"................THEY  ARECame here on my last day in philadelphia because i've never had cheesesteak before and felt like it was a sin to visit philly without trying cheesesteak. Saw the reviews on here along with the reviews for Geno's across the street. Ended up choosing here (obviously) because it seemed like they had the fan base without trying to be flashy and trying to hard like Genos. If you look at Geno's it has freakin flames on the outside of the place... come on. 
Anyway, Pats was great and the food was ready by the time i handed my money to the guy. It's cash only and the food is really good. i'm not the cheesesteak expert so don't really go off of my review because in all honestly, it was super heavy and I could barely finish my sandwich. If i didn't get a drink, there's no way in hell i could finish the sandwich. 
Anyway, great place.Pat has nothing on Chicago beef sandwiches.  While the bun was perfect, the meat is void of any spices.  No wonder everyone says to get the onion and whiz to add some type of flavor.  I'm glad we went late and didn't have to wait in line. It was an okay tourist stop, but I would not return.  And "cash only" is such a scam.I'm from Las Vegas and was told by many that pats is the place to go for cheesesteaks.... Then I hear a lot of people talking about geno's. So my buddy and I went to both.
Pats had better flavor but was smaller than Geno's IMO. There was more "wiz" in pat's cheesesteak, and I added the super hot peppers they had on the side. With the peppers, this sandwich was amazing. 
Overall I think pats is better... I'll probably get a other before I fly back home.Tourist attraction. Not worth the hype, if you want to say you've had a "philly cheese-steak check it out but not worth the trip to south philly.  A little bit better than Geno's, but not by much. Want a great Philly cheese-steak go to a food truck, some of the best cheese-steaks I've had are from food trucks!Normally I go go Pats to get my cheesesteak in South Philly.  I recently took some friends over to Geno's and Pats and get a more recent comparison. 
First off - decor:  Pats has stepped up their game, but Genos still looks better.  
Second  - cheesesteak:  Genos has better cuts of meat, but they don't slice it up and isn't enough meat for what you pay for.   Pats shreds their meat and it may be a little dry, but it won't be if you get Whiz!   The bread is good and crispy here (better than Geno's)
Third - fries:  the fries are tasty and a lot better than Geno's (which are more like shoestring fries)
You can try both, but I would go to Pats.As a person not from Philly, the first thing we think of when it comes to Philly is cheesesteaks. When people come to Philly, they want to try the best cheesesteak in all of Philly. I was the same. Going to Pat's was interesting. Although Pat's is one of the original founders for cheesesteaks, it lacks in an outstanding taste. The customer service in my opinion is not the best and the meat is not as juicy as I would've loved. I would recommend everyone to try once, however it is understandable if you choose to never go back there!I took the family to PA and while mapping it out,I thought "Hey let me go down to Philly and see what all the fuss was about". Well, luckily it wasn't too far out of the way, because I've had better cheese steaks at home and in CT for that. Lets start with the featured ingredient in a cheese steak, the meat. That had no flavor to it. A little salt and pepper wouldn't hurt. The bread was fresh and to my liking, but after that its all about the meat. The people at the counter were as rude as could be. I said thank-you and got starred at like I said something wrong. Whatever happened to customer service? If I was a celebrity I would have been asked for a Photo Op and a quote about the sandwich. In a nutshell. Make it at home it will be the way you like it and you will thank yourself that you didn't waste a trip to Philly.Obviously this place relies on their famous name and not on preparing quality food or providing friendly service. I was so excited to try Pat's and was sorely disappointed. The bread was stale, the meat was dry and tasteless, and the prices were outrageous. I considered going to Geno's (across the street) but I read reviews and came to the understanding that it's even worse. After doing more research I discovered that these places are more tourist attractions than good food establishments. In conclusion: don't waste your time or money eating here. Just drive by and take a picture so you can say you've "been there."Gross dry meat, not enough cheese, tastes burnt and not fresh. Sucks. Go to Jim's on South Street.When it comes to Philly cheese steaks this is it! do not go any anywhere else. As simple as that! Best cheese steak ever, wonderful staff and awesome prices.Stopped in Philly during our drive from DC to New York to try out the place that invented the cheese steak.  They still make it right.  Can't go wrong with cheese wiz and onions. Their bread is better than the bread at Geno's. But both cheese steaks are awesome.  The cherry peppers are a nice touch to eat with the cheese steaks so I have to give the edge to Pat's.tourist trap but a good tourist trap. on occasion it has been too greasy or under portioned for the roll, but eat here instead of geno's. a geno's steak actually hurts u when u eat it ,wait that is a tony luke steak, well geno is kinda terrible as well. the pork is ok too.So I believe in schemes and conspiracy theories.  I believe high on a mountain of cheez whiz there are 2 families laughing at all of us... that both rivals. GenosVs Pats are connected and make it a profit no matter. the marketing thing fooled me and my wife. we had to try it while visiting. .we just had too. and well my sister loves pats...we both chose genos that day.  seemed cleaner, well organized, and well if steak is in the title of the "wich" ya better have better steak  .  i will say out of both places ive had better cheesesteaks in my travels outside of phillyBetter than Geno's. 
Pat's meat is tasty and delicious. The steak was warm and shredded. The bread was light and toasty. 
People say this is where you go when you want that grimy, what Philly-is-known-for Cheese Steak.  
Also, I hear that at Pat's, 'they're not racist'.
AND PAT'S NEVER CLOSE! Open 24/7 ya hear. 
;)Are you drunk?
Is it 3am?
Are you keeping the party going?
Are you going home after work?
Spend $10 to get a belly full on your way home.
Buy a sandwich for your driver if you have him waiting for your sorry azz.
(I go here when my 3am taco joint is too busy. If you don't live in south Philly, I hope you are enjoying your 1st trip to the city.)The best cheese steak in Philly.  Whiz with.  Enough said.This is the PLACE -- forget the f-head across the street --get the one with provolone and onions and get yours CUT IN HALF .....
The Price is way too much @ $10 bucks each....so I don't get em as much as I would if they were a little less....wish they understood economics and charged a price that induced multiple local visits.
I love the cherry peppers on the side bio-hazard behind the order stand .....I risk getting disease to put them on the side and eat them with my steak..
Its all good...they act tuff there.....when you order the steaks, if you get pissed, just through a hot coffee in the order takers face --- it's like saying "I feel you, brother"
Peace and LoveSo we're on our way to the airport from a wedding.. Hungover is a severe understatement. Bodies shutting down one painful breath at a time. Enter, our savior, Pat's King of Steaks.
 I don't know the Philadelphia "Bests" from Adam's f**king house cat, so we trusted my aunt, the local, and she did not steer us wrong.
We're a talkative, talkative family and the five minutes of silence we took to eat these cheese steaks (whiz, wit) speaks louder than any words could. I don't even think I took a breath. It looks a little overwhelming, and what I like to call true "Boy food," but I had NO problem scarfing this thing down.
I can't speak to the rivalry between Pats V. Gino's in terms of flavor, but Gino's is a really obnoxious eye-sore, and if you told me Guy Fieri designed the place I'd say "Yup. He definitely did." Pat's has a more traditional old-city vibe that I prefer hands down.
Standing in the sun going to town on that sandwich, well, that's a very stand-out happy memory. And this is coming from a wedding weekend! The fries are amazing too!If you're in Philly you either love Pat's or Geno's.  Some people are a little more "nationalistic" about it than others.  Given my preferences, I'm more about Geno's but Pat's is really good too.Quick service. Philly cheese steak & mushroom cheese steak are ok. But it is an institution so it is a must try..Pat's is OK.  Gotta admit... I was a tourist and was comparing Pat's vs Geno's.  Cheese steak that I ordered was kinda dry.  Bread was dry.  Meat was dry (and had a lot of fat chunks).  Cheese was OK.  When they handed me the cheese steak on the counter, the guy just dropped it really fast on the counter... kinda just plopped it down and it bounced a little.  The bounce took me by surprise!I had very low expectations going into my first experience at Pat's. Whether the many 1 and 2 star reviews are from Geno loyalists or those who were merely disappointed by the steak sandwiches in which the two landmarks are both famously known for, I can't say. However, they helped me keep perspective in that this is an old-school joint established over eight decades ago, with an affordable menu created for the working class. So not much creativity and quality in the way everything's put together, but it's good for what it was meant to be. 
The first thing I noticed after unraveling the wax paper was the soft bread. Soft with just the right amount of chew to the bite - good to know that the bread was not old nor stale at 10:00pm on a Thursday night. It was also good for absorbing the steak and cheese drippings. The ribeye was sliced thinly, but there was a lot of it, and it was hot & salty in all its meatiness. Got it with the wiz as recommended and onions. Where it was lacking in flavor (aside from the salt), the wiz really pulled it together and made it quite tasty. 
Yes, I've had far better quality and more flavorful cheese steaks (or steak sandwiches as they call it at Pat's), but for what it is - semi-fast food in an establishment older than most of you and myself - it was really good! Should I ever have a drunken outing in the City of Brotherly Love, I know where I'll find myself snapping back to conscious at 3:00am surrounded by equally hungry drunks.We got there just in time because once we sat down, the line got much longer!  The cheesesteaks and fries were very good. I don't think it was anything special. Parking was a little hard to find, but I was able to find a spot after driving around for a few minutes.We made our trip to Philadelphia for mainly one thing, and it's to try Pat's King of Steaks! A dive that specializes in Cheesesteak sandwiches with the Cheez Whiz being their most popular one. So, of course we had to order ours with the whiz! Their Cheesesteaks are made of thinly chopped up rib eye steak. Just throw a little hot sauce and peppers with it, and you're ready to take it down!
Pat's is super busy, but you get your sandwich in seconds after it's ordered. It's absolutely a huge tourists spot, but with Senator John Kerry of MA, and Barack Obama being known to chow down the Cheesesteaks at Pat's, who wouldn't want to make the trip here?! Pat's is definitely the signature restaurant spot to represent PHILLY.Dramatically better than Geno's, let there be no mistake on where to go if you only have to choose one.  It was still pretty messy and very little attention is paid to the quality/consistency coming out of the kitchen, but great flavor and the customer service was excellent. Had a great time here, but will not return.This is a tourist trap. They may have started the Cheesesteak revolution but they have lost their way. The line was extremely long, the meat was not seasoned and kind of tough, the rolls were not soft and the amount of onions were insane. Definitely nothing worth writing home about.Me and my friend got Geno's and Pat's and split them and the winner is...
PAT'S *crowd goes wild*
They beat Geno's for a number of reasons:
1. The meat at Pat's felt like better quality of meat than Geno's. We bit into Pat's and felt the texture of the meat, like a real carnivore. Just the right amount of mushroom and onion then loads of meat.
2. The veggies also felt heartier at Pat's. Maybe it's the way they grill it or fry it but the mushrooms were squishy like Geno's, almost a little crunchy and they added more contrast to the sandwich in a good way. 
3. The line at Pat's was so fast and efficient. There were just as many people dining at Pat's but their service was faster. They even have a sign that instructs you on how to order so you can get it quick.Visited yesterday for lunch and Geno's for dinner.
Decent flavor and edges out Geno's by a bit, but the next time I want a skimpy portion of meat for about $10, I'll go to Subway.  The wife felt the same way.  A better portion would have netted 3 stars.As someone visiting Philly, I knew I needed to try local cheesesteak.  Pat's was better than Gino's, but I'm afraid it was not as good as some of the other hole-in-the-wall joints.Total honesty:   This review is coming from a non cheesesteak lover.  It's never something I would order but when in Philly.......We did the Geno vs Pat's taste test and I liked Pat's much better.   The meat was better and more seasoned.  Would recommend !Do not waste your time.  I had one.  Bread tasted like paper, meat like rubber, the ketchup was good though.  Pats gives Philly Cheesesteaks a bad name.I'm a Philly guy through and through - and have long been amused by the cheese steak wars/contests/critiques, etc. for years. When I was a kid Pats was my steak joint without question. Then I became a food snob and everything changed. Now I agree with most folks that the best steaks in Philly are not at Pat's or Geno's. The better ones are without a doubt at John's Roast Pork, Tony Lukes, Cosmi's and Johnny's Hots - and I'm sure there are others as well.
With that disclaimer, I am also a traditionalist and love going to Pat's for the scene and south philly gruff attitude. For a few years I was a turncoat and stop going to Pat's and instead crossed the street to Geno's. However, I am back to Pat's whenever I want a basic south philly cheese steak.
On my recent visit I was not disappointed - the gruff attitude couldn't be missed. I ordered "one with provolone and extra onions". If you don't how how Pat's works, the guy who takes your order and money tells the grill man what you ordered - and it's in your hands in about 10 seconds. So the register guy says to the grill guy "one provolone with a bush". So it took me a second to guess what he meant - but I had to ask to make sure. So I ask if "with a bush" meant extra onions and he said yes. I told him him I loved it and he understood that I understood and we both had a real good laugh - all the south philly attitude was gone.
So I get the steak and see the pile of onions more in the middle of the steak, rather than spread out - and low and behold it looked like an overgrown "bush"! Gotta love it!! Next time you go and want extra onions just say "with a bush" and see what kind of reaction you get - I know I will. 
If you like hot sauce, they have some great stuff that you'll like. They also have hot cherry peppers and hot chill peppersI took my Southern friend here to have a cheesesteak experience, after we decided that Geno's across the street was much too wrong and racial for us.
Pat's food was decent, but ten bucks for two drinks and some cheese fries? Come on now. They probably over charged her once they heard her accent. 
The meat is really thickly sliced and was fatty. The rolls were okay. Dirty outside tables, South Philly construction workers BSing around the tables. The little marker that tells you where Sylvester Stallone once stood. A man working in the kitchen who kind of leered at me. 
To be honest, there was an EXPERIENCE element here, but I've had better cheesesteaks from pizza shops in the burbs.I came to Philadelphia on a business trip. I heard so much about these philly cheese sticks. I couldn't wait to try it for myself. Hands down this place is the winner. The meat is flavorful, and the cheese whiz is a must.We stopped by and had one from Geno`s and one from Pat`s and we both loved Pat`s hands down . Pat`s has way more beef and I liked how they chop there beef up. So delicious!!I was here at a Sunday and the line was so long. It almost took us one hour to order. It was my first time here and I'm only visiting but I got surprised by the price of fries and soda! $5 for fries which btw tasted like old frying oil and $3.5 for drink! 
Well the sandwich by itself was good tasting but it totally didn't worth waiting an hour and paying $37 for two meal. Don't recommendPretty pricey for a cheese steak but this is a world renowned one!! I like both Pat's and Geno's but I think Pat's has way better meatgreasy meat and cheese anyway you want it till stupid o clock in the morning...no frills all killer. if you want obnoxious then there is Geno's across the street...If we could give O stars .. that would be our choice. 
This place is DISGUSTING! The men taking the orders were SO SO SO SO SOOOO rude! Know what you want before you go and order, as they rush you out of line. Cheesesteaks are about $10 each .. not worth it. My fiance's bread was soaked and the meat was so dry. When he went to pick up his cheesesteak, it all fell apart. When we sat down we had flies EVERYWHERE! It was so disgusting!!! They store the garbage in the back by the tables and the top of the walls are semi opened... flies were all over. 
NEVER EVER AGAIN! Next time we are in the area we are going to try Gino's which is across the street. Looks a lot cleaner and nicer.Delicious! Recommended from my colleague to try a real Philly Cheesesteak. Only accepts cash only though. Much worth standing back in lineok so here is my advice to everyone visiting Philadelphia! if your going with someone, have your partner go to this one and you go to Geno's and share both sandwiches so you can have a taste of both different kinds! 
Pat's is good because they add more meat then Geno's but make sure you add cheese whiz!! its so good with it! and the fries here at Pat's is better than Geno's!! yummy!! hope this helps [:My daughters and I made it our mission to add to the opinion of the great Phyli cheesesteak battle between Geno's and Pat's ... We landed in Philadelphia on Thanksgiving holiday and our fist stop was for Cheesesteaks.
For us Pat's is the Winner!!! 
To sum it up ... it's all about the moisture!!
Pat's meat was shredded and tender juicy. 
Geno's meat is sliced and a little over cooked making it a bit dry.
We asked the locals in each line to suggest the way we should have it fixed ... they all said "wit" onions and wit Whiz 
Pat's added just the right amount of whiz to our wit onion, wit prov, wit whiz sandwiches.
If Geno's added a bit more whiz to our wit onions, wit whiz sandwiches it would have made a big difference.  
As far as the bread ... For me, I prefer Geno's roll but my son-in-law liked the soft bread best
*** Note: Beware of the high winds in the area but make a point to visit this fine establishment and vote for your Favorite!!!my opinion...
better than genos..
maybe cause its easier to bite and chew..
the place looks more simple too.A group of us from Anaheim took a bus from NYC to Philly for a Flyers game.  The group leader had the driver make a slight detour to try Pat's and/ or Geno's.
I chose Pat's while my (then) husband chose Geno's.  The line for Pat's was 2x's longer, so by the time I got my food, Martin was already back on the bus waiting for me.  Either Geno's is a lot faster, or their line was a lot shorter.
So, we split the 2 (we agreed on wit whiz and wit onions) and we liked Pat's more.  It was juicier (probably because it was fattier), while Geno's was dry.  The flavor at Pat's was better and even the bread was softer.
Each person will have their own 2 cents about which is better, or perhaps neither are good.  But hey, its off my bucket list, and I like Pat's better.Plus one because they had a condiment bar with hot stuff on it, that was cool.  The rest, eh, not so much.
I ordered 3 different sandwiches.  I practiced the delivery and everything.  I had it down.  It was my turn at the window, and I rattled off the first one, it started to be made.  Then he asked for the second one, I told him.  Then he said HOLD ON.  So I waited.  Then he asked me what the first one was again... which I thought was odd.
I couldn't tell if he was making mine, or not, or someone else's.
I ordered 3 sandwiches that evening, and only 1 of them came out correct.
Then I moved to the fry window.  I bought 2 fries, for a total of $9.  Not cheese fries, just fries.  The guy handed them to me, I asked for a bag, he tossed one my way.  I asked if I could get a couple of the cups for condiments and he couldn't have cared less.
It's not that these people were rude, they were ambivalent to my presence and patronage.
The fries were reasonably tasty, but completely cold.  Not worth $9 for two of them though. Arby's curly fries, way better.
The sandwiches... The meat was well cooked, to the point of being dry-ish (not totally dry, but no good drippings or anything) and it was rubbery.  Want a really good cheese steak?  Try Dominic's of New York.  That was good.
The peppers and mushrooms were cooked well, and plenty of wiz.
After dropping $40 for 3 sandwiches and some fries, I'd have to say I'm done with Pat's.So like most tourist, I couldn't help myself and had to do the Philly cheese steak challenge. I walked from Chinatown to Pat's and Geno's hungry with aching feet and got in not one, not two, but three lines (I'll explain). First off note that both locations take cash only, and that you probably will not be able to get a table. We got our Philly cheese steaks with onions and whiz, since I was under the impression that was what a true Philly cheese steak was. We decided on Pat's first due to the fact that the line appeared to be shorter and moving faster (haha shorter). It took about thirty minutes to get through the line, and we were ready having observed the sign that said to have our order and cash ready, so we step up to the first window and order our Pat's Philly and realize there is another separate line for ordering soda's and fries, which I promptly ran to while my boyfriend waited for the sandwich, two lines 30 minutes. 
We walked a crossed the street and ate our sandwich on the street like animals. My first thought upon eating the cheese steak was I've made a better one at home. The meat lacked any flavor and I felt there wasn't enough whiz (which is strange since whiz actually makes me very sick...taking it for the yelp team today though). 
So now, not hungry, and realizing we stopped making these at home because whiz makes me sick, we stumble a crossed the street to Geno's and for consistency's sake ordered the same sub after waiting another 20 minutes in line. Geno's cooking area is open to the public, as we waited we watched the workers make the subs in a surprisingly clean kitchen. They cranked them out. When ordering we did note the Geno's guy said thanks, and he seemed in a better mood. Geno's meat as most people noted is sliced, rather than shredded, which I did think made it taster. Though it was gawdy as all get out, Geno's in my opinion produced a better sub. The bread at both seemed the same, though my boyfriend thought Pat's bread was better less bready. I also felt Geno's was a better cheese to meat ratio, cheesier, and the meat tasted as if it was seasoned or just a better quality of meat. But having now completed the challenge, I wouldn't go back to either.Classic spot. Had a cheesesteak here and walked across to Geno's to compare. Geno's was slightly better.I personally enjoyed this sandwhich but I've never tasted any other philly spots for cheesesteaks except for this one so I will update when I have tried others and seen how this one stacked up. But to me this was a good sandwich.Best Cheesesteaks in philly! Besides my Mom's of course! =)Pat's you are the King between your rival Geno's! Good cheesesteak!  I would definitely go back and grab another meal if I get a chance, I liked the cheesesteak with American cheese.The best Philly Cheese Steak ever. An original must go to place. Fast Service and good food.I tried both Geno's and Pat's one right after the other because there were no lines at either place -- for a reason?! No I did not eat two full cheesesteaks within a matter of minutes, thankyouverymuch! :) I had a few bites of each one and I have to say, they aren't anything special and for the price, definitely not anything special but if I had to chose I like Geno's better!Trust me.  Listen to a local.  There are far better cheesesteaks in Philadelphia.  This is nothing but a tourist trap.  For starters, Jim's on South St. and Tony Luke's on Oregon are infinitely better.So good, so quick, so friendly, got their around 4pm on Friday, and ordered and got my food, 3 steak and cheese at window 1 and fries and drinks at window 2 within 7 minutes... per the website I practiced how to order.. wit for onions and wit out for no onionsHad to stop here for a cheese steak. A regular will run you $11 and a side of fries is $5. A bit of a tourist trap but you have to go here every once in a while.I couldn't decide whether to go to Pat's or Geno's but in the end I went with Pat's because the travel guide in my hotel room had a picture of Pat's but not Geno's even though it talked about Geno's too. Anyways,I was surprise to see that cheesesteaks in Philly uses cheez whiz which I'm not a fan of even though I've never tried it because it is fake cheese. I went with the "Whiz with". Not bad....it is better than the ones in LA. I really like the bread. The Cheez whiz was not bad after all. However, I felt that the meat was a bit tough, my jaw was getting tired.MMMM Visiting family on the east coast and we went out for cheesesteaks. So good! It was either Pats of Gino's across the street. Since it was feezing outside we went with the shorter line. So good. I just got the classic cheesesteak and shared fries with the family. Good food and good memories.I don't get all the "tourist trap" comments I hear about Pat's. The place is simply freaking delicious. I was in Philly in June and wanted to try them because honestly I have always thought that North Delaware cheesesteaks are just as good if not better than Philly ones. Pat's changed my mind. I got a Whiz Wit, and it was the best cheesesteak of my life. Far better than the other two Philly steaks I've had, Tony Luke's and Sonny's; and a notch above my second favorite cheesesteak place, Goodfellas in Wilmington. The service is quick, the prices are fair, and the workers are nice enough. I mean they're not super, super friendly, but honestly how nice do you have to be when you only say between 2-5 words to give your order? Lastly, they have benches to sit on and you can get a cool view of South Philly while eating your steak.In my head to head cheesesteak competition, I have to admit that Geno's won. That being said, Pat's aesthetically was the better looking cheesesteak. It's that Geno's had more flavor. Just saying...
But you have to try for yourself, and you certainly won't be disappointed with the hero's Pat's is throwing out.
I added hot peppers and that def made it better.Fat Peter rating system. 
as follows: 
STARS- standard yelp
CHANCE I WILL BE BACK- NO
Why I went  - its famous so why not
It was okay standard philly cheesestake any deli could make.  I don't like how they chop the meat.Love the steak here .. that's why m willing to endure the arrogant customer service .. they know too well that people love their steak.. have a little mix up of orders ( Diet Coke or zero coke ) they will should at you .. if u shout back .. u will be shoved off as NEXTPats and Genos are both for toruists.  Real cheesesteaks dont have cheese wiz and are loaded with meat.  A step up is Johns Pork or Tony Lukes.  Both are a must try, but Johns Pork is the best for just about anything.  Also at Pats, you make sure your ready to order, and get it right, and have your money ready or the knock you off.  Not the best customer service, but they do try to keep things flowing.
Try Johns and update me what you think.The guys working there first of all are Rude & straight to the Point! But I loved it! They keep the line moving & at a fast pace! I really enjoyed the steak with Xtra Wiz cheese! The fries weren't bad at all! For a three hour drive I really enjoyed it! I will Definitely take the trip again!Pat's or Geno's? Geno's or Pat's?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I like Pat's. 
One reason: the bread tastes fresher. For a sandwich with not much in it, bread is a large and important component, and Pat's got some tasty, tasty bread.
Another reason: I like the way the meat's chopped up. I don't care if Geno himself slaughters the cows that comprise of the beef for his cheese steaks; Pat's is tastier. 
Of course, this is hair-splitting, and if Geno wants to give me free cheese steaks, I'm sure as hell not gonna say no. I'm just sayin'...WTF happened to these guys???  Years ago when I lived in Philly, this place used to be the best cheese steak place in town.  With much anticipation I went there in early Jan 2014 after many years.  What a bummer it was!   The meat was thick and chewy, the bread was cold and chewy... it was just horrible.
Sad to see such a decay... hope it was just a bad day for the cooks and suppliers.  Would really like to see it revived.I've had Pat's only once in my life and the experience lingers with me still.  Even before coming here, I'd watch the Food Network discuss the rivalry between Pat's and Geno's.  I was definitely intrigued.
I came here with 2 other girls, one who was born near a suburb from Philly.  She insisted we HAD to have Pat's - it was the best.  So we did.
We had it with Cheez-Wiz and no onions.  It was simply divine.  I can't even begin to understand why meat and fake cheese can taste so good when melded together.  I bought one with the hubby, even though the drive home to NY was about 1.5 hrs.
I still want to come back here with the hubby so he can eat it fresh one day.  And we will.  Maybe we'll even try Geno's next time too...Pats vs. Genos... Pat's by far.  I dont know if that is saying much, but the cheese whiz sandwich at Pats was delicious.  Next up, Pat's vs. Tony Lukes.I'm not from the Philly area, and so I am reviewing this as a tourist. I went to Pat's and had a cheesesteak. It was very good. it was an experience I can say that I've had, something I can cross off my list. Other than that, meh.Stopped by here on my way through philly. It's was about 6pm and the line was around the corner. If you don't know it's all cash, so be prepared. You really don't see the menu until you get to the window. There is a sign that tells you how to order if you are an out of towner like me. Drinks and fries are at a separate window. The sandwich was good but I thought the onions were heavy. I don't know if it was the batch I got or what but I won't hold it against Pats. It's really fast paced so be prepared to know what you want. It is an experience. A little higher priced to my liking but it was good. About $30 for two sandwiches and two fries.  Get lots of napkins.Took an Uber over to Pats on a rainy afternoon. Very good steak sandwich! All outside seating, but well covered. They're sandwiches are more of the small cut up meat which I like. Wish it wasn't raining as it was a good area to walk around. An outside market just a block awayAs a new resident of Philly, I of course had to try out Pat's and Geno's.  I think the heat addled our brains because it didn't occur to us to sample a cheesesteak from each of the famous competitors and then have a scientific taste-test.  Next time!
Following the instruction signs (very handy for a non-native Philadelphian), I rehearsed my order speech ("wit whiz"), but still fumbled at the actual delivery - I was relieved that the guy at the window didn't humiliate me and still took my order.  
The cheesesteak was generously large and had good flavor.  I'm not sure that I embrace whiz yet...time will tell.  I would have liked grilled green bell peppers on top - perhaps I'll inquire about this option next time, as I would be happy to go back.  But it will be on a cooler day, as there is only outdoor seating (and eating a hot cheesesteak in 100+ degree weather can only be so enjoyable).Juicy cheese steak sandwiches. Our group tried both Geno's and Pat's and have to say Pat's was the clear winner. There were plenty of customers at both places though, and the service (tone of the cashiers) was mediocre at best. I wasn't there for the service since you order at the counter, but hey, being cheerful and polite wouldn't cost you a penny more to operate a business. 
Back to Pat's. Clearly more sandwich options at this establishment. Prices are hyped up in my opinion ... ~$9 for a cheese steak sandwich? Come on. 
I really felt these two places were tourist traps. Hey, they could be best friends for all I know. If they were, it would be a great marketing strategy -- it got me to try sandwiches at both places :-) 
The cab driver tells me there are plenty of great sandwich shops in Philly that are better and cheaper. Maybe I'll heed that suggestion the next time I'm in Philly.Not much more I could add to the 400+ reviews.  I was a local off and on for 10 years.  Always loved Pats but for logistical reasons started to hit Ishkibbles at the end of my Philly tenure.  After a return trip to Philly, I was slightly disappointed in the Pats steaks my family orrdered.  Seemed to skimp on the meat.  Rolls were not as fresh as they could have been.  Because we were there late on a Sunday morning, and on an Eagles home game Sunday non-the-less, I bumped up from 2.5 to 3 stars.  OK, but not as good as it has been.My favorite food is a cheese steak I've had sooooo many over the years that I was scared to have the "orginal." Being from NYC the drive was about 2 hours. I get there and the line is around the... the triangle? I have no idea what you call the space Pat's is situated on. But yeah the line was long. There were 3 of us and we approach the window to order and see an ordering guide of sorts. Has like 4 rules. 1. Know what you want.
2. "Wit" or Wit/w cheese. 3. What cheese, wiz, provolone... ect. 4. Practice this in line before you're up to order and work out borrowing money before you get up to order.
So my friends order first and they guy is rushing them like a Tsunami was on its way and he had to close the damn shop up, but out of the kindness of his heart before the wave hit he was going to take his order. 
I was traumatized! When my turn came up I didn't even bother ordering. When he asked what I wanted I said "Nothing. I'm with them." And meekly moved out of the line.
We take a seat and my friends give me some of their cheese steak and to be honest it was just aaight! The steak was too thick and could have used some more seasoning. Oh and talk about over priced. At 9 dollars a piece I expected a lot more. I'll tick to Charlie's for my cheese steak fix.
So my friends ask me if I wanna go across the street to Geno's and buy one from them and I say "HELL NO!" We get in the car and drive to Front Street or something and we go to have drinks at Copa Banana and I order a Burger "well done." The Burger was effing rare!!! But that's another review.One of the best in Philly. The original Philly cheesesteak!  Expensive (~$10 for a cheesesteak) but definitely worth it. I like the neighborhood as well.While with my out of town friends and doing the cheesesteak tour of Philadelphia of course we had to do the Pats/Genos tasting.  Pats was our first stop.  It wasn't near as intimidating as what you see on tv, and the menu was very self explanatory.  Our cheesesteak came out good.  It wasn't bad, but I've had much better from other restaurants that aren't 'big names'. It wasn't fantastic though, and I wouldn't ever crave a cheesesteak from here.  Out of the 4 places we tried in our weekend tour, Pats placed second.In my opinion, the cheese steak here is much better than Geno's, especially the meat. The meat is very juicy and succulent. The bread was also the perfect softness and thickness. Also, the cheese whiz is much thicker and cheesier than at Geno's. It's saltier, but it's a plus for me. This place is definitely the king of cheese steaks in Philly for me.Way better than Geno's that are directly across the street. The fries are 10 times better at Pat's and the beef has more flavor than Geno's.No big deal, have had much better in Wildwood and cheaperEven after reading the bad reviews we decided to stop here after it was recommended by local... The bread was chewy, the cashier was abrupt and they didn't wear any gloves while handling the steak. The cook placed the cheesesteak on a paper and the cashier pushed it to us, unwrapped. We ended up getting provolone cheese which was not melted, and the flavorless meat was barely warm. I wouldn't go here again. I've come to the conclusion that you can go to any other place but Philly to get a decent cheesesteak.It's a friggin' cheesteak with a friggin' attytude I don't need. Plenty of way better steaks in Philly.King of the Tourist Traps is more like it. NO ONE from Philadelphia eats at Pat's (or Geno's, while we're at it) unless they just left a bar after a minimum 4-hour binge. The long lines are not at all worthy of the mediocre sandwich that follows, and Pat's honestly has one of the most ignorant staffs in the history of the food industry. It's not my fault that your manning a grilled-onion station at 3:00 AM on a Saturday night, pal. Take it from someone who can literally name two dozen better places in the area to get a Cheesesteak, and avoid Pat's the same as you would a Broad Street prostitute.On a family vacation, we decided to seek out Pats's and give the cheesesteak a try. We went on a Wednesday evening, arriving around 7:30 PM and there was no line. Very surprising based on what we had heard prior. Outdoor seating all around the restaurant was plentiful. 
Ordering is simple. Pay attention to the sign with the instructions and you will do fine. 
1. What item? "Cheesesteak"
2. With or without onions? "With"
3. Type of cheese? "Wiz"
Cheesesteaks are $10 each, CASH ONLY. 
Order fries and drinks at the next window, but honestly, skip the fries. I wasn't impressed. 
The sandwich was good. The bread was fresh and the wiz was a nice touch. The sandwich was on par with other cheesesteaks I've had, so go for the experience and to check it off your list.Um...yuk. The best thing I can say is that it was fast- like.. 30 seconds fast.  Admittedly, I'm NOT a steak eater, but i did have a bite of the one I brought back to my husband from Tony Luke's a year ago, and it wasn't nasty. Pats, on the other hand... no bueno.
And what's up with the fake cheese?
And - I guess it's a philly thing, but eating outside in 20 degree weather.. I don't get  it.  There is no option for eating inside.
The last complaint- I bought this to take back to NY, I had to wrap it in napkins b/c there were no bags or foil  WTF?They don't call Pat's the King of Steaks for nothin. We made another midnight run to Pat's again recently and I must say, for some reason, it tasted much better than my first experience here.
Philly Cheesesteak - Nicely cut flanks of steaks on a good hoagie. Steaks were actually nice and juicy and the wiz and onions made this sandwich. The wiz was killer on our sandwiches. What I also like more about Pat's over everyone else in Philly are their peppers. Their peppers are sweet, sour, hot and it complements the cheesesteak sandwich perfectly with each bite.
Cheese Fries - Crispy and crunchy but the price? $5.50 bro! They don't even stuff the box with fries. It's like half full and then they drown it with wiz. Better fries than Jim's but the price sucks!
Service - Is it just me or nobody in Philly uses gloves to prepare a sandwich? I mean, this chick at the register been touching dirty money all night and she's wrapping my sandwich with her bare hands. It's something I noticed at all of the Cheesesteaks spots I've been to in Philly. Whether if you're the chef making the sandwiches or the person in charge of the cheeses, fries, register, nobody wears gloves. Seems a little unsanitary but I guess that's where the flavor comes from lol.
Verdict - In my book, although I enjoyed my sandwich at Jim's, I consider Pat's the King of Philly Cheesesteaks. I really hate freezing my butt off in the cold eating their sandwiches but it's truly worth it. I prefer midnight runs to Pat's. I hate waiting on long lines for anything and I don't give a rats ass about the flashy lights across the street.This place is a bonafied tourist trap. Came here on my way to Delware from NY wanting to see if these cheesesteaks really are the best and most certainly they are not! The bread wasn't that soft and it was cold. The steak was alright but kinda dry but somehow oily. Got mushrooms and peppers and those were cold too. I would have given it 3 stars but the sandwich was overpriced for the quality. I can see having the local, no frills, cash-only vibe but the prices should match that.
If you're not from the area this is not place you travel to. I've had better cheesesteaks in NY and CT at various locations. If I'm ever in Philly again I'll be sure to go elsewhereFood is something but employees suck they give you no time to even talk, so know what you want ahead of timeWas there at 11am on a Saturday in late February.  It was the great drive  from NYC to DC and we decided to stop by Pennsylvania for a philly cheese steak. We asked some friends and got this recommendation. And it was pretty tasty.  It was pretty quiet and the weather was good enough to sit outside in the sun despite the many a winter storms that we just experienced. Got the provolone with onions. But they have a wealth of other cheese options and are super fast. I received my change and the sandwich at the same time.
My only suggestion for people is to remember that it is cash only and there is no bathroom.Not my place to go ,,there not even in top 10 in philly . To me it's a out of town place same for Genos .( TOURIST TRAP )  Def not even in top 10 in philly !!!Are they good? Sure it is. Is it worth waiting 30 minutes in line? Not so much.
I'm not trying to knock the place - I did like my "Provie wit". And sure - the history is really cool (I mean - if it's good enough for Rocky, it's GOT to be pretty darn good). But once is enough.As a Philly native, I'd recommend their steaks over anyone. Yet their service could always use some improvements-welcome to Philly!been going back & forth between Geno's & Pat's for years!!
It was finally one night in the late winter, after meeting up with my husband in the neighborhood that I realized the fresh chopped onion, real steak tips, & real cheese with GREAT bread made Pat's the WINNER!!!A girlfriend and I shared with me two steaks, one from Geno's (American cheese steak) & one from pats (whiz cheese steak) and I actually liked Genos better! The whiz cheese was too overwhelming on the steak, couldn't taste the steak much. It's 50 cents less and better service at Geno's! The cashier at Pat's were bit rude bc we didn't know how to order. Lol. But the cashier from Geno's were nice and friendly.. Walk over to Geno's ;) I wouldn't go back to Pat's if I'm from Philly! 
*Only good if you're drunk lol.Get them with wiz and wit onions.  Tasty Philly Cheesteaks, after you taste these you may be unable to eat a lesser cheesesteak again.I've only had two cheesesteaks since moving to Philly. One was from a random food truck and the other was from Pat's. To be honest, if you gave me both in a blind taste test, I wouldn't be able to tell the difference. I just don't think the combination of thinly sliced steak and cheese whiz can be better than okay. I wish I could tell tourists to skip the cheesesteaks and head to Northeast Philly for superior Italian American hoagies!It's a tourist trap, don't do it!Went at 1130pm first strike cash only, second strike my cheesesteak was the farthest thing from fresh, and was cold. Third strike...the bum harassing me and my girl while trying to eat our crappy cheesesteaks on the crappy picnic tables. Pretty disappointing.The service is rude & the cheesesteaks are so bland. I can make a better cheesesteak. Definitely overrated.stopped by in philly to try the sandwiches, on the way to a soccer tournament.
4pm -- no line.  friendly service --- i was surprised because i had seen/heard of only rude service.  but they were nice.  
1st window: ordered 2 whiz wit.  bread was soft, meat was chopped & tender.  onions caramelized, whiz covered all surfaces -- meat & bread.  this sandwich was good and flavorful.  it was a bit salty, but it was still good.
fries were crispy and nice too.
i don't know that i'd go all the way to philly just to have another cheese steak, but it was a good experience, and the food was good....filling.
OH YEAH!  also tried provolone wit.  didn't enjoy it as much as whiz because it was a bit dry.  the cheese was placed in the bread first then meat & onions placed on top of it.  so the cheese didn't really melt and mix in with the meat.