We ordered online and the service was really great. We ordered pad se ew platter, red curry, and vegetarian dumplings. All were amazing. Would like to try again very very soonI ordered take-out Pad Thai and spring rolls from this restaurant and got TERRIBLE food poisoning!Really solid Thai food. Gets better each time. Great pad see ew. Delicious banana sticky rice and fair pricesService: Great. It's pretty fast and the delivery never takes more than 45 minutes. 
Food: Not too impressive. I'm not a fan of their pad thai at all. However, their tofu options and their calamari are really good!I was wandering around University City before catching a show at World Live Cafe.  I saw this place and decided to stop in as I had not had any pad thai in a good while.  I ordered the vegetable spring rolls and the vegetable pad thai.
The spring rolls were way too greasy.  But the presentation on the plate with a few bites of salad was nice.  Then the pad thai came out.
It was absolutely disgusting.  Again way to much oil.  The vegetables were obviously from a frozen mix (yuk!) and the tofu was way undercooked.  I had two bites and then for the first time in my life I sent a dish back.  I've had much better pad thai in small town Indiana of all places. 
When the waitress asked if I wanted to substitute something else I politely declined.  
I would give it one star, but I did not have to ask to for the pad thai to be taken off the bill.  Their other dishes might be good, but I wouldn't return here even for a free meal.
Update:  51/6/08 I've now changed the rating from two stars to one star.  I would change to zero if I could.  The reason for the change is received a message from the restaurant through Yelp that was impolite to say the least.  While the staff in the restaurant were very courteous, the person in charge of their Yelp account really needs to learn the meaning of tact.Pattaya is more than worth the minor hike from Penn for the lunch special! It's one of the best places in the area to take guests who come to speak at our department -- Pattaya can easily accommodate a large group for a late lunch, and they're affordable enough for our student wallets. $9 for three dishes -- it's hard to do better than that. 
Granted, the food is not spectacular, but it is pretty darn good Thai food close to campus with all the regular things I need as a voracious vegetarian green curry consumer -- spiciness (when I remember to ask for it), coconutiness, etc., and their veggie spring rolls, though a bit on the greasy side, are delicious. 
They don't even try to remember who ordered what, and tend to call out our orders on arrival at the table like auctioneers. We do usually have 8-10 people though, and they are always very patient with us, even when we squeak in half an hour before the kitchen closes.I would give this place 5 stars, but the portions are too small for me. I've got a big appetite and a small bank account, so when I throw down for some Thai, I want to indulge. Unfortunately, I always have to order two entrees at this place. And I eat half my wife's portion. So, do the math.
The good thing, though, is the food is amazing. We usually get Pad Thai, Green Curry, and Spicy Basil Duck or something. It's an amazing treat. My only complaint is the price ought to get us some more food. 
3.5/5--I'll round up to 4 stars since I crave the food so much.Ordered food while working on a 24-hour call shift at the hospital- and it was a great bite to keep our team's morale high. The food was delivered quickly. Granted, the pad see yew was a bit dry and blandly spiced, but they placed plenty of vegetables and tofu in the mix.
They have a big menu available plus all of the standard options (curries!).I love this place!!!
Great thai food; nice service; nice ambiance. Whenever I want Thai food in Philadelphia, this is where I go.
The Pad Thai is delicous!I agree with other reviews which point out the Pattaya Grill does not pretend to be fine dining. Nonetheless, I've eaten there about 4 times and the food has never disappointed. The portions are sizeable without being overwhelming. I always enjoy the soups whether I order Tom Yum or a coconut soup. Also, their mixed drinks are delicious and strong. My favorite is definitely the Pink Ginger Lemonade which is made with ginger vodka made on premises. Really yummy. 
After eating there last night, the only thing I have to say about the service is that we ordered drinks, appetizers and a main course and the drinks didn't come until after the main course came. Very annoying. Aside from this, the service was so non-existent that I have nothing more to say.
We tip at 20% almost everytime we eat out, but since there was hardly any service last night, there was hardly any tip.I love this place! They have amazing red curry and drunken noodles. This is one of the first places I have been to when I moved to philly so this place is a classic for me. I love the quiet ambiance and the waiters are always very sweet. The only real issue I might have which is why I give 4/5 stars is because the curry is a bit too liquidy. But thats barley an issue since its all done by the time I leave the restaurant :)Am I picky or something? I honestly feel like this is the worst Thai food I've ever eaten. My friend and I got the special menu. He got the veggie soup and I got the wonton soup. Both seriously were lukewarm and tasted like water. Our appetizers of fried tofu and spring roll was alright, but far from the best I've tasted. As for our main course, we got pad thai and green curry. The green curry was very thin and salty. Not flavorful, just salty. The pad thai tasted like ketchup. 
Service was great, but the food was terrible.We decided to get some Thai food and were sad to see that Vientiane Café did not deliver. The next highest rated Thai spot that would deliver to us, with 3 1/2 stars, was Pattaya Grill. We decided to give it a try.
It was okay. Nothing too special. The Wonton Soup was a bit bland and not exactly generous with the content. Much more broth than anything else. Now, if the broth was popping, it would have been less of an issue. Also, not crazy about the shrimp with tail on in the soup. I prefer my shrimp in soups to have the tail off.
I also got the Pad Thai. It was okay. It could have used more flavor though.
My wife got the pineapple fried rice. She said it was okay, kind of grew on her. But nothing to write home about.I have been here two times, and yet to be disappointed yet. 
Service is extremely quick and friendly, so a good restaurant to go to if you know you need to get in and out in an hour.
I tried the Chicken Pad Khing and a few of the curry dishes. Both were good. The Pad Khing had a good mix of 8-9 vegetables with it, and the light soy sauce and ginger the dish was flavored with was delicious.Got delivered but the driver was the biggest jerk ever! Unbelievably rude!! Food was good but I won't order again cos I don't want to pay for a meal and have the driver curse n tell after taking a great tip!What I like about the place isn't its food but more so the rather speedy service; whether you're looking for a quick lunch or trying to eat some decent food but are in a hurry for something right after, this place can accommodate. 
FOOD: 3/5
Typical Thai food menu. Prices are a bit steep but the food is fairly decent. Pad thai isn't the best here - to me it's a bit bland and I always ask for extra spring roll sauce to make it more flavorful. Their lunch combo is a good deal though - you get a nice appetizer before the actual entree so that should be plenty. I would recommend to stay away from the seafood and "alligator" here (not sure if it's actually alligator but it was way too difficult to chew). If you want decent seafood, Distrito and Pod offer some good (but pricey) choices nearby. For a cheaper menu, Thai Singha is half a block down Chestnut but the atmosphere is going to be a tradeoff.
SERVICE: 5/5
Speedy, but you have to ask. Let your waiter know you're in a rush and it'll usually be accommodated. Otherwise pretty standard. They'll greet you and seat you. 
AMBIANCE: 4/5
Typical Thai restaurant with a tropical theme. I always ask to be seated in the back section of the restaurant because it has natural lighting (it's an added room that was probably once the backyard of the house). 
Don't forget to grab some guava candy on your way out! They're my favorite :D2.5 stars.
I came in here since I have been jonesing for Thai food for a while. The place was packed in front and in the back, so I ended up sitting at the bar. 
I ordered the vegetarian lemon grass soup and thai red curry for my entree. The soup came out pretty fast. It was chock full of fresh vegetables including some nice mushrooms with their caps still on. It was hot and pretty tasty, though the broth looked somewhat odd/dirty. Maybe its just the way they make the stock.
My thai red curry came out fairly rapidly. The curry sauce had some degree of heat and tasted of coconut and other spices. The peppers were bright and crisp, but the bamboo shoots weren't that great. The chicken however was dry and subsequently pretty chewy.
Service was good. My water glass was never empty  more than a minute or two before someone came over and filled it up. The bartender reminded me that I should save my spoon after the soup for the main meal. And the check came fairly rapidly and was processed rapidly(Though don't get me wrong, they said "Hey you can stay as long as you want and settle up when you are ready". So it wasn't like I was getting pushed out the door).
I might come back and try a different dish. Maybe for lunch when its a tad cheaper.i am beginning to think that all the asian restaurants in philly are extremely americanized.  once a year, i meet up with some good friends in philly for lunch or dinner, and this year, they brought me to pattaya.  while the food was good, i wouldn't call it authentically thai.  i would equate eating here to eating at PF Changs (though not as trendy).  while the food at pf changs tastes good, i wouldn't exactly call it chinese food.. chinese-american food maybe??  
anyways, pattaya has a good deal on the early bird special.  for $10.95, you get a soup, an appetizer and an entree.  though it sounds like a lot, it's just about the right size (if you order the egg roll as the appetizer, you only get one piece).
i got the chicken soup (lemon grass, says spicy, but wasn't spicy at all), house salad (the dressing was quite good), and the tilapia with special three layer sauce, which was pretty much eggroll sauce with a little spicy kick to it.
i liked their patio area out back, and the service was good.A decent place to go for Thai food in UCity. My family and I LOVE Thai food. Everywhere we go, Thai food is our first option for dinner AND lunch. So I've tried a lot of different Thai food restaurants in the past and I wanted to test out the nearest Thai restaurant around here. Being the only Thai restaurant closest to Penn's campus, Pattaya is by default the best option to get your Thai food fix in. 
I've tried their tofu/shrimp/chicken pad thai, drunken noodles, green curry, and fried rice here. The pad thai and drunken noodles are pretty good, nothing special or unique that stands out. The pineapple fried rice was okay, personally I wouldn't order it again. The green curry was not memorable or anything either.
Despite the average tasting food, the service was really friendly and attentive! The interior of the restaurant was also casual and nice. For now, Pattaya will just have to do if I'm craving Thai.Ordered delivery and it came quickly. Food was super delicious and plentiful. I will definitely dine in next time I am in the Philly area.Decent pad see ew, but nothing really stood out beyond mediocrity. I did get to try alligator though. It was pretty small - not in total amount of food, but in the amount of alligator meat that was in it. Prices are fair. Just.. nothing out of the ordinary here.I really enjoyed the Thai here (very Americanized, though) and the sun deck in the back was a nice touch for a seating area. Service was a bit slow but we had a large party so I understand.If I could eat at Pattaya every day, I would. Their chicken pad see ew and coconut soup are my absolute favorite. The pineapple fried rice is nice and light, not overly salty or oily, which is a problem I run into with other thai places. I once ordered their lamb chops which were superb. Their service is always wonderful; if possible, dine in is probably better than take-out.For authentic Thai food, large portions, reasonable prices, and attentive service, come here.  I ordered the lemon grass soup with veggies and the Pattaya salad.  The broth was very flavorful and had some mild heat.  The vegetables surprisingly retained some crispness. The salad was decent.  The sweet coconut fried shrimp were addictive.  I knocked off a star because I had some crab shells in my salad and the lime-mayo dressing was a bit too acidic for my taste.Adding it to the gluten-free list! chicken green curry, coconut soup, and papaya salad were great! And they deliver with GrubHub!I'll give this three stars but only because we were unlucky (and five is my version of four-bell rarity).  It looked deserted when we walked in, but we were lead back through the restaurant to the rather full sun-room.  I guess they were short on servers and wanted to keep everything as efficient as possible.  I got the Penang curry.  It was well tasty but there was far too little rice accompanying it.  We got the seafood crepe appetizer as well... the seafood consisted of shrimp and... nope, just shrimp.  And it was overly stuffed with coconut shavings.  I wasn't a fan of the soft-shelled crab either... I thought it looked interesting in theory (spelled out on the menu) but cautioned against it... for good reason, it was a bit fishy to me and lacked the Thai flavors I want from a meal at a Thai restaurant.
I ended up taking half of the Penang curry home and cooked up some of my own rice to finish it off for lunch the next day... so all in all, it's worth a try if you're looking for Thai in Philly, but maybe stick to the standards.I returned to Pataya with a coworker last week, and it was like eating in a different restaurant! I ordered red curry veggies and tofu. The meal was flavorful and served fresh and piping hot. Our waitress was attentive but not clingy. My coworker's salad and lemongrass soup were good, as was her fish dish. Maybe they were having an off day on my first visit?
I will be back to take advantage of their 3-course lunch for $10-15.I just moved to the area from down South, where Asian cuisine does not reign supreme. However, even with my limited choices in my previous city, I can say earnestly that Pattaya had subpar food.  The lemongrass soup did not have that fresh pucker taste that I'm used to from Thai soups. The green curry was very thin and LOTS of salt.  Vegetables vere few and boring (i ordered all vegetarian options!)  The restaurant itself was lovely and the staff seemed nice.  I wish it was a lot better.  I'll give it another chance once I forget my first meal there!Pattaya is a great place on campus to meet up with friends for a quick bite to eat. It has a typical Thai menu with options like Pad Thai and Fried Rice and a nice atmosphere with some traditional Thai art work and sculptures. Every time I've been to Pattaya I have been pleased by the service. The waiters are quick to attend you and they always seem to have a happy-go-lucky disposition. There is one in particular that always has a smile on his face.
In terms of the food, you get large quantities that justify the price and there are great, three course lunch and dinner specials that are priced with the college students' budget in mind. In terms of flavor, I must be honest and admit the food is a bit bland. I usually order the beef fried rice or the chicken pad thai and although they are enjoyable they are missing a little umpf. The one thing I do highly recommend is ordering some spring rolls as an appetizer. I can taste one just thinking about it. As you bite into them you get this nice crispy outside layer, this paired with their delicious chili sweet and sour sauce make for a flavorful and delightful combination. As a tip, ask for extra chili sweet and sour sauce to enhance whatever you choose for your main dish; the sauce is so good you can eat it by itself. If you're doing strictly appetizers I would also recommend the beef satay although in terms of cucumber sauce, I've had better. I'm a little bit of a sauce connoisseur if you haven't noticed. 
I've gone to Pattaya many times and it continues to be one of my favorite go to places. Oh and make sure to grab a handful of guava candies on your way out. They're in a basket on the bar. They're a delicious, sweet ending to your meal.I love pattaya because it is quite cheap and the portions are huge! I love their red and green coconut curry (vegetarian) as well as their tom yum soup (spicy lemongrass soup). Their drunken noodles never disappoint, nor does their pad thai! I prefer Pattaya over the other thai restaurants on Penns campus both because the quality and quantity are better in my opinion! There is plenty of room in the restaurant and their delivery is always insanely quick! I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants some cheap Thai food!Simple, unassuming Americanized Thai food.  Get the Thai Panang Curry.  No ambiance but decent service.Pattaya is a great place to take a vegetarian. Most of the dishes on the menu can be made with any meat product, or no meat at all, meaning your meatless friends won't be relegated to the rabbit food salad menu. While the portions aren't the largest and the prices aren't the cheapest, overall, this is a very reasonable place. The service is good, and the restaurant is big enough that you never feel a ton of pressure to give up your table at the end of your meal.
As an appetizer, I ordered the "golden triangle"  - fried tofu with plum sauce. For whatever reason, the plum sauce was a bit less intense than it had been in the past.
Unlike many Thai restaurants, this is a place you can take a guest/date. There is seating in a greenhouse in the back and overall rather stylish wood decor. All of this creates a pleasant ambiance.One of two Thai choices in University City.  The pork was not fresh, I'm not sure how old it was, but you could taste the oldness of the pork.  (I got the Pork Pineapple Fried Rice, do avoid)
The pricing is about average for Thai in U-City, the bar wasn't open during dinner.  The menus had singe marks all over them, the decor wasn't bad, the back room was quite nice, but the food wasn't worth it for me.  My friends had some pad thai and curry which was on the margin better.
Service wasn't great, but it also wasn't terrible.  Mediocre would be a good way of putting it, they refilled most water glasses, but didn't fill two or three, shame.Got pick up for lunch during the work week. Coconut seafood soup. Was very delicious and fresh. Very friendly staff, clean establishment. I'll definitely be back for dinner.Fast and reliable delivery, I order from them so much they must know me by now. Their pad thai is good and spring rolls are yummyReally delicious and very filling food. Nice-looking place, just a bit on the fancy side. Pineapple fried rice is amazinggg. And of course the classic pad thai and pad see ew noodle dishes. Servings are hugeGreat food. Great atmosphere. Great service. No pool table. They need a pool table but outside of that, it's a cool spot (they should add a pool table though).Got delivery and tried the Chicken Pad See Ew and vegetable dumplings. The noodles had great flavor but as you can see from the photo, there is hardly any broccoli in sight; maybe they forgot to add it?
The vegetable dumplings were average, I thought the veggies inside looked kind of sad and grey which is a little off putting. Boyfriend enjoyed the chicken Drunken Noodle--I think that's what they are best at!how can you not love this place? everything i've ordered so far has been delicious. pad thai, drunken noodles, spicy basil tofu, bamboo tofu...the delivery man is so nice, always. AND they write little love notes on your food containers :) they also have gluten free options!!!I had dinner at Pappaya last night with 2 friends. The prices were reasonable and the food was simply excellent. My favorite part of the experience was the service. The server was friendly and the manager made me feel like I was in Thailand! Highly recommended!!Please, please visit this place if you have the chance! The experience is worth it. I sat down for a lunch based on the recommendation of a fellow friend. The space is very clean and comfortable, and the staff is friendly and approachable. Although the entire restaurant was empty, our waitress led us all the way to the back to an extension of the restaurant that looked like a green house. The view was excellent. Service was quick, and the food was delicious. My friend ordered a Pad Thai, which was phenomenal, and I ordered a nice barbecue chicken platter with rice and vegetables on the side. Really great meal, and I'm hoping to return sometime soon.This is my favorite Thai restaurant in Philly. The favor of these menus are likely to Thai. Also staffs are good for take care.I came here with a few friends back in February and we got four dishes. Although I couldn't remember exactly what we got, everything tasted pretty standard like what you get at a typical thai food place. The price is also similar to typical thai restaurants, nothing too fancy or too cheap. The interior is also like your typical thai place with some "south-east asian" cultural designs and dim lighting. I went at a time where it wasn't too busy so we were served pretty fast and well. I like Thai food but I am personally not a big fan of salty or oily food, and thai food in generally is pretty heavy on the seasoning.. but Pattaya is definitely a food place to check out if you are craving thai food in university city.Went to this restaurant for carryout based on location and was unimpressed by the food and service. We made the mistake of ordering five dishes -- all of which were not appetizing. The drunken noodles were bland, the kapow tofu was scarce, and the panang did not taste like panang. There are much better Thai restaurants in Philadelphia, we will not be coming back.Ordered delivery from Pattaya last night and was impressed how quickly it arrived and how hot the food was. It was also big enough to share. I was really disappointed at the lack of vegetables in both the vegetable pad thai dish and the vegetable curry dish we ordered. I am vegan so most of my sustenance is found in vegetables, which are normally the stars of these meals. However, there was at most two small pieces of broccoli in both and the tofu was 90% air. Just a general lack of vegetables turned me off from the dishes, but the bright pink noodles in the pad thai made me actually concerned. I came on here to find out that there is food coloring in it. I will never order this again. I enjoy natural foods and there are many ways to make this dish without using artificial ingredients like food coloring. As to the taste, it was alright. The curry was tasty and the pad thai was just average.This is the worst place in the world. Staff is so rude, they disappear, take forever to take and bring your order. The food was bad and not worth the wait. Save your money go to China town! Bad bad bad!!!!!!Basil fried rice really good. Tasty but not too spicy. I like the food here. Have had chicken dish as well. Nice for lunch. Delivery available.I've been looking for a great Thai place and I believe I just found It. I went Friday night and came back Saturday for lunch! This place has a great BBQ thai Chicken with a side of sweet and sour sauce! the chicken is succulent and seasoned perfectly. Also their Red Curry chicken is delicious and it has an unexpected kick once it has sat on your tongue for a second. 
They definitely have made me become a regular. I plan on trying so much more on the menu! this place seems small when you walk in but it definitely isn't. As they take you to your table there is a garden room in the back that must have an extra 20 tables. They service is also very fast and the staff are very polite. Make sure you check this place out!!Came here w/ friend for lunch. Ordered 2 lunch specials(soup, appetizer, entree from list), and a Three Buddies (shrimp, scallop, calamari in roasted chili paste) from specialty Thai menu
Lunch Special
Soup: Lemon grass chicken (chicken tastes a bit cardboard-y), wonton soup was decent
Appetizer: Chicken dumpling (not bad, a bit doughy), Pork egg roll (crispy, well seasoned)
Entree: chicken pad thai (a bit too sweet, otherwise pretty decent) 
Three buddies: Disappointed by the lack of seafood; also seafood didn't seem fresh (scallop was crumbly, shrimp seemed tough) and the sauce didn't really seep into the seafood. 
the service was good and the restaurant quiet during lunch which was a plusReally fairly priced, with large portions. Great place for group dinners. It's dimly lit for a mellow ambience, and it's small enough that's you can have an intimate conversation. 
I ordered the tom yum, rich broth but not too spicy, just the perfect amount of heat. 
My only complaint is that it took a fairly long time to get my order.I've grabbed take out from here several times over this past year. Though they are a bit pricier than other Thai places I've gone to in Philly, their portions are generous and the quality of the food is superb. Some of the things I've tried: 
Chicken pad Thai- at a 3/5 spicy rating scale it's got huge chunks of chicken and leaves my mouth watering. Scrumptious 
Pork dumplings- thin dough stuffed with savory meat filling. The brownish sauce is quite unique, unlike others I've tried. Savory. 
Chicken satay- a long grilled meat on a stick with a creamy peanut sauce provided for dipping. Delicious.Everything about this restaurant was average. The food adequate for University City and pricing was fair. They decorated the place very nicely. There's a calm and romantic atmosphere with dark walls and candle lit tables. There are even fresh flowers at each table. The restaurant itself is very spacious. 
The service was efficient but low quality. The waitresses were quick to take our order and serve food but they were not courteous or polite when speaking to us. They seem to just want to get the job done. No smiles toward us the entire time we were there. There was also no "take your time" when we were still looking at our menu -- she simply said "ok" and came back only a short minute or two afterward to push us to order...
This happened the various times I've eaten here. It's a good fix for your thai food craving and a clean environment. Service could be better trained.Pattaya is where it's at for Thai in West Philly.  It's inexpensive and tasty, and they make a mean drunken noodle.  They also have a weekday lunch special, wherein $9 buys you an absolute ton of food.  
As far as dishes go, the Tom Yum soup is a bit of a let-down (the veggies are sliced too big and it lacks the kind of flavor and punch you'd usually expect from Tom Yum), but the other "traditional Thai" dishes are usually worthwhile. The spice level tends to be on the lower side; if you like your dishes on the spicy side (as I do), you may want to ask them to ratchet up the spice.
The atmosphere is pretty casual; I wouldn't bring a date here, but I'd definitely come with a group of friends.  It's surprisingly good for drinks, too. Their lychee martinis are delicious, strong, and irresistable at $6 a pop.  An excellent off-the-beaten-path happy hour spot.I like Pattaya. Aside from being super close to me, it is a really calming place to eat. It is beautifully decorated and the noise level is very low. The lighting is also by candles which makes it very relaxing. I love the candles in the cracked glass jars - super pretty!
But most of all what I like about Pattaya is their food and drinks. I have eaten here a couple times now and the food is pretty good. My favorite is the spicy bamboo dish! But the lemongrass soup is pretty good too. I also was glad that I eventually explored their drink menu. I had a pleasant surprise with that. I have had the pina colada and the ginger drop, both of which are pretty good. Pina coladas and strawberry daiquiris are $5 each - not bad! The ginger drop is $7 but it is sooo good.
Good food, good drinks, good atmosphere, good prices. Add good company and it's an awesome meal.Always great! Food is always warm upon delivery and portions are good. Delivery has always been lightening fast! They've also never messed up an order and I've ordered for years, that goes a long way for me.I went to Pattaya with a group of 12 people for my husband's birthday.  The staff was very accomodating.  The food did not take long, despite the large group.  Everyone enjoyed their meal.  I had the shrimp pad thai, and my husband had the pineapple vegetable fried rice and we loved it!  I had Thai Iced Tea for the first time, and I looooved it so much I raved about it the next day!  The only downside is that I think they close at 9:30, which is really early for university city!I've had better.
I came with a few friend's during University City's "restaurant week". For $15, you get an appetizer, an entree and a dessert. 
The appetizer was essentially tom yum soup - except they called it something else that makes me believe this is not so authentic as a Thai restaurant. 
The main dish I chose was the red curry, and I was able to switch out the beef for chicken. It was solid, but nothing special.
The dessert. To make the meal seem worthy of a set dinner for restaurant week, the dessert seemed a bit forced in. Basically, it was a choice of ice cream - ginger, coconut, green tea. All Asian sounding, but all so gimmicky. Oh, and with sprinkles on top. Not Thai. They could have at least offered mango sticky rice or something?
No thanks. Maybe if I ordered a la carte, I would have had a better experience.This review is for the veggie drunken noodles alone. There is really no need to order any other dish at Pattaya. Great for when you want food but are too lazy to cook for yourself. 
If you want to eat in, they have lunch specials on weekdays as well.This is a decent Thai option in the neighborhood** (probably one of the better ones) and the delivery was very fast - 40 minutes faster than GrubHub predicted.  I ordered the tom yum (lemon grass) soup and it was actually really good!  Very spicy and lots of veggies.  The pad thai was a little dry/bland and the green curry was kind of off in flavor.  I've definitely had much better Thai, but not from around here
** for delivery!  If you want the best Thai around head on over to Vientiane Cafe on Baltimore - seriously so amazing but they don't deliver!!Service is always great! Take out is even faster and accurate than in the restaurant (20% off if you use their mobile app for the first order!) Green curry, Pad See Ew and Chicken Pad Thai are all my favorites. Close and great location, their lunch specials are OK but definitely smaller portions than their normal menu items if you were to get them a la carte.I found this place very underwhelming. I ordered takeout from Pattaya over the weekend and got the spicy basil with beef dish and the drunken noodles with seafood. I didn't expect this place to be authentic, but the flavors were completely lacking, even for my low expectations. There was very little basil in the spicy basil with beef and even though I asked for the meal to be spicy, neither dish had much spice. 
The pros of this place are that it's fast and pretty cheap (around $11 per dish). But portions are not huge. If you are in a rush and looking for a non-authentic, non-spicy, non-flavorful, plain jain type of meal, Pattaya is it. Otherwise, this place really is not worth your time and money.For authentic cuisine and great service, you can't beat Pattaya! I try something different every time I go and their dishes never disappoint!We've only been here once but the food was Ok and the atmosphere was nice.  It's just so close to Thai Singha and we prefer that over any Thai restaurants in the area.  We were there for dinner only.  The food and service was good enough and the place was clean.  If I had to have Thai food three days in a row, I would choose Thai Singha, Lemon Grass, then Pattaya Grill.Nice decor, friendly staff, but a menu lacking variety. I ordered the wonton soup to start, but was saddened to see shrimp in it after I had taken a bite (which was not listed on the menu). I'm sure most would like 
it, but I am allergic and had to send it back. The broth was lukewarm, too. Bummer. I had the Pad See Ew, which was a little too greasy for my taste, but the flavor was nice. The chicken tasted a little off and had a very strange/rubbery texture.
I probably won't be back to Pattaya because it just didn't seem worth it to me. I've been to far superior Thai restaurants. This will be a major last resort if I'm craving Pad Thai, perhaps.I can't eat that much spicy food because I'm weak but the drunken noodles are soooooo good like even after being in my fridge as leftovers they were still so goodNothing too stellar. I was really excited about being close to a Thai place on campus, but this place really is pretty ordinary. 
The soups are always a bit off. Some solid dishes I've tried are the Pad Kee Mao, Pad Thai, and Pad See Ew. My favorite is definitely the Garlic Tofu; the texture of the garlic is perfectly soft on the inside and slightly crispy on the outside from the frying, and the sauce is light and strong enough to complement but not overwhelm. This is usually the dish I order when I go to Pattaya. 
Overall, I'll go because it's the only place to satisfy my Thai food craving on campus but I don't necessarily recommend it to others.Solid on the old standbys: green curry and pad see ew.  Didn't really like the tofu in the curry (I've had better) but the curry itself was yummy.  Low prices based on how fancy the decor is, so don't be afraid to go!Good place with beautiful view, you should try drunken noodle or thai BBQ chicken here.Pattaya occupies a special place in my heart because they provide what I need when I need it. Whether it's their sweet and tasty pink lemonade, savory pad Thai, or mouthwatering vegetable dumplings, I am always satiated when I leave this place, and a satiated Ayana is a happy Ayana. I deducted a star because their servers aren't always that nice. It's not like they're evil or anything they all just aren't that warm.
I've been here on about 6-7 occasions over the last 2-3 years with 3-4 different people and they've had similar experiences. My sister and boyfriend have both had the lamb chops and both have thoroughly enjoyed their tender juiciness. Poor little guy :-(. 
The restaurant itself is nice. I'm not a huge fan of the back area because it seems cramped each time I eat back there. I then start to think that the next table is listening to my conversation (I'm pretty sure that's more of an issue for a psychiatrist and not Pattaya though). 
I deducted a star because their servers aren't always that nice. It's not like they're evil they all just aren't that warm.
I say try it. I love it.My husband and I love this place. It's a simple, casual restaurant in University City. They have delicious thai food that is very authentic. It's a great place when you're craving big, bold flavors and a casual, cheap dinner.The food here is bland for those that enjoy it obviously have no palate! My shrimp green curry was almost flavorless and the shrimp must have been frozen....I can't believe an establishment like this would use frozen shrimp.  Seriously! I have had better Green Curry in the frozen section at Trader Joe's. SMH....Looks like I'm still on the seach for quality Thai food in Philadelphia.
To be continued.....I love to order from here from Grubhub or pick up an order for dinner physically from the restaurant and bring back home to eat since it's only a block away from my house. The prices are normal for university city (as in, the portions are a bit small for what I pay), and the food, while not authentically thai or anything, is a guilty pleasure I frequently partake in. My boyfriend always gets the chicken pad thai that I steal parts of, and he loves it. I usually get the vegetable/tofu drunken noodles, mostly because of the delicious rice noodles--sometimes the sauce is too salty for me. 
The last time I was here I came with two other people to sit down and eat, so I gave 4 stars based on that experience. The ambience is extremely romantic but casual, probably a place to go to in UCity to feel like you're actually going to "dinner". The restaurant is decorated with traditional Thai artifacts and with a lot of candles everywhere, and I love the back room. They also have happy hour drink specials from 5-7 everyday, which we did not participate in. Our waitress was very polite and gave us enough space while also being attentive.
The food is more on the greasy side, but the orange slices they give you if you eat at the restaurant usually cancel it out.VERY inconsistent quality of food. Usually just very bad, sometimes its descent. 
HORRIBLE delivery service.  Took over an hour and was cold.I know that whenever I go to Pattaya, I will not be let down. This is not your typical Thai place, with average pad thai and some halfway seasoned green curry. The food tastes authentic, with specialty dishes (alligator!) and keeps you wanting more.
I always opt for the noodle dishes, because that is what Thai food means to me. The drunken noodles are a personal favorite, but both the pad thai and the late night noodle are right up there as well. I've tried some of the appetizers, satay, and meat dishes, and all have been high quality. The spice level is always on point, the oil and salt are not piled on too heavy, and the portions are rather generous.
Something that I have not gotten the chance to do at Pattaya is their drinks menu. The Thai iced tea is popular with friends, but the happy hour cocktails look very palatable as well. Definitely something to come back for.
I must also mention the service. I have not once been dissatisfied with the waiter service. Everyone seems to be very happy to be there, and you will always be greeted on the way in and thanked on the way out. That is how service always should be.
P.S. If you need catering, Pattaya is a great option!Very average, run-of-the mill thai food. ive had better, ive had worse. ive been here for dinner once, and while inexpensive, id rather take my money and pay up elsewhere.  the pad thai was too ketchup-y and greasy.  the curry was alright, nothing special. and the drunken noodles are excessively greasy, but tasty.  pattaya often caters our school events, and in bulk, the quality doesn't go down much. I'm not the biggest fan of Pattaya, so I'd go next door to Nan for lunch instead.I ordered a soup and fried rice with shrimp and crab through Caviar. Fresh and delicious ingredientsThe food was decent. Portions were average compared to the price.
But.....SERVICE WAS TERRIBLE. The waiters are very nice, but very slow. We waited 30-40 min. for the food to come and the same time for our check. I don't even think the restaurant was that busy. I would go back, but I'm not too fond of waiting that long for my check.Go-to Thai option in UCity is the best way to describe this place. The food is good for the prices they charge. At first glance, it seems the food is actually pretty cheap for a Thai place (~$10-12 per dish), but the portion sizes aren't the largest, and while the taste seems authetic enough, I have had better. Nevertheless, its good and affordable enough that it will fill you up and always make for a good meal on any given night.Delicious Thai food, good prices,  and fast delivery!Loved the food here. The pork spring roll is amazing. Also from the desserts try the Thai Coconut Pudding. It's a must! Will be backI've been to pattaya a couple of times for thai food, usually get some pad thai, some rolls, and lemongrass soups. It is nice for parties and social gatherings. I don't believe that this is a top 5 thai restaurant at allPattaya has very flavorful Thai food, and great service! It's one of my go-to places in university city. 
The drunken noodles are fantastic--definitely a must try if you go here and like food with a little spicy kick! The red curry is another great dish to try. I ordered the pad Thai last night and thought it was a little bland, but still decent, especially if you're not a fan of spicy food.
The restaurant has lots of seating and the waitresses consistently bring the food really quickly, so it's a good place to go with friends especially on a lunch hour or if you want to have a good quality, sit down meal but are on a time schedule. Take-out is also quick.While Thai Singha is temporarily closed for dine-in, Pattaya is the premier place on Penn's camput for sit-down Thai food. Unfortunately their food does not live up to the same quality.
When dining in, my friends and I were first placed at a table in the front f the restaurant. The table suffered from a rapidly flickering light -- caused by a fan directly below the ceiling light -- making it extremely uncomfortable. To Pattaya's credit, we were able to switch to a different table after bringing up our issue with the waiter.
However the prime reason for my unfavorable review is the disppointing food. I ordered the Spicy Vegetable durnken noodles and while the portions were large, the noodles were extremely bland.
The reviews on Yelp seem to indicate that the Pad Thai is much better. While waiting for Thai Singha (which I recall as having far superior food) to reopen, I plan to try the Pad Thai next time and will adjust my rating accordingly.Service is good. Restaurant is clean. But the food is just so so. Tom yum soup tastes watery and isn't spicy at all. Drunken noodles don't taste like what it should be; Beef is too dry. 
I don't know if it is Philadelphian-Thai or it's just that I haven't found an authentic Thai restaurant in this city. The drunken noodles just taste very different than what I have had in other cities!better atmosphere than singha (pretty chiled out music, usually nice crowd, also like the way the tables are arranged) ... great food at a great price ... the yelper special puts it over the top to 4 stars ... I'm a very regular customer :-)I actually know the sous-chef (she's from Thailand) here and so I know that the restaurant serves authentic Thai food.  However, I don't love this place.  I've never eaten in and only ordered  for delivery or gotten large catering orders for school events.  The food is good but not amazing.  I stick to the classic red and green curries, the pad thai, pad see eue, drunken noodles, thai beef salad.  I should try eating in the restaurant to see if it's better since lukewarm Thai food isn't the best!Very solid Thai place near campus. Fair prices for the city, quick service, good portions, usually seats are available. I typically get the pad Thai or drunken noodles. yum!Spicy Bamboo Shoots with Chicken:
Absolutely love this dish, perfect balance of spicy and sweet. The only downside is that the rice - it is overdone and sometimes mushy. 
Spring Roll:
I love the spring rolls but they are greasy. They come with a great sweet spicy sauce. 
I always order delivery, which is always prompt, and I always order these two items. I have done the dine in experience a few times and its pretty good as well. The seating can be a bit cramped but the service is very lovely. I have very limited experience with Thai food, so I can't evaluate how authentic it is, but as a standalone dish it's pretty good.Honestly I love Pattaya.  I usually get the pad Thai which is amazing.  The yellow curry was good too but it doesn't have as bold of a flavor as Indian curry.  Their spring rolls (and the sauce) is delicious!  
One time, I ordered the peanut sauce (to meet delivery order minimum) and I cooked chicken and vegetables with it - it was really good!!  Be creative :)Pattaya Grill is definitely one of my favorite Thai restaurants in the city. Their Pad Thai, Drunken Noodles are delicious, and Especially the Thai Specialties. Great ambience and relaxing music. Service is perfect. My friend from Thailand said that the Thai food here isn't "Thai", but what is? The Chinese food isn't really "Chinese" either.Came here for dinner the other day with gf and friends.  Service was good, no issues.  All the servers were attentive and friendly.
I ordered the Hung Lay Pork Curry which is apparently an authentic northern Thai dish.  I wouldn't know if it was authentic or not haha, but I do know that it was tasty.  Portion was perfect for me and at $9.95 for dinner I'm not complaining.  Gf and friend got pad thai dishes (also pretty tasty) which were gargantuan mountains of food; they dwarfed my dish and neither of them were able to finish their plates.  So in other words, this place is a pretty good value.  
For a cheap and casual dinner among friends, this place is just nice.  It definitely has a feel that it's catered to the college crowd.Summary:
1. Salt is the only flavor in their repertoire
2. Found a piece of metal in our food
3. Mediocre service
I am seriously so confused why this place has 3.5 stars. I've gone to Pattaya several times over the course of the past 3 years and each time I've gone, I've been severely disappointed. I have always thought it was the worst Thai food I've ever had, but I thought that perhaps I have just been spoiled by the Thai I've had at home in Maryland. Service has always been mediocre, but I tended to give the servers the benefit of the doubt. Perhaps the restaurant is in general so mediocre that people don't even care enough to write reviews on it. After this past dining experience, however, I can no longer lie low with my feelings about Pattaya.
I've wanted to like Pattaya. I kept giving it more chances, trying new things if I didn't like what I had gotten the first time. I usually try to stick with classic dishes at Americanized Thai restaurants--dishes I believe they can't mess up.
But the pad thai, the pad see ew, all the curry dishes, etc. have never ceased to disappoint. In my experience, the pad thai has been not that flavorful and very one-note. The pad see ew has been incredibly greasy. The curry dishes are thin and watery and not flavorful. The rice has come pretty dry. I always felt like I was wasting money and calories on incredibly sub-par food. I'm not one to calorie-count normally but when I go out to eat, I want to enjoy it. Once, one of my friends found a bone in her chicken. In the past, I have also often had trouble calling my waiter or waitress to my table in a timely manner.
This time, my friend and I were seated in the very back corner of the farthest back room, and because of where we were seated we were often ignored and forgotten. I tried the chicken pad woon sen on the specials list, hoping the glass noodles would be light and refreshing. My friend ordered the chicken pad see ew. My pad woon sen, as usual, was too salty but lacked flavor altogether. The vegetables were overcooked and soggy and everything just tasted like salt. So incredibly unmemorable I can't even remember what vegetables the dish included.
Halfway through the meal, my friend suddenly catches something wrapped around a piece of chicken in her mouth--a piece of METAL. We were APPALLED. Usually, you'll find a hair or perhaps a small bone, but I couldn't understand how there was a piece of metal. Upon further examination, we thought perhaps it was a sharp segment of steel wool. But how? It was literally hooked onto a piece of chicken and wrapped around it, so it likely was not from the surface of the dish. Could it have been in the pan itself? Does that mean multiple customers may have had that problem that night?
The server was very apologetic and cancelled the dish on the bill, offering her a new dish. At first, she thought we were low on time and didn't order a new one, but later when she became so bothered by the steel wool that she wanted to order a new dish, we could not call a server to our table for about ten minutes, despite the many servers that came into the room during that time. They were so focused on their own tables that they paid no attention to the surrounding parties.
I don't mean to be overdramatic, but this past experience was just the cherry on top of many low-quality dining experiences at Pattaya. Do not be fooled by the decent Yelp ratings into thinking this place is any good. Save yourself the money, the calories, the time, and try another place instead.Another fave thai food in Philly!! You better get their pad thai and the seafood lemon grass for sure, calamari for appetizer, same old same old. Idk if they have the mango duck like other Thai food, but i would like to try in the next visit. Love the situation inside the restaurant, it really quiet and so comfortable. Went there with my girlfriend, we're really impressed with their service, pretty fast and very kind of them. Enjoy the food, feel the asian food while there, recommended.I love to try new desserts. This passion is what led me to the Pattaya Grill. When I first visited, I tried the Drunken Noodle and loved it. Because of this, I wanted to come back and try their Bomba, a white chocolate coated sherbert. 
When I came back, my friend got the Bomba and I tried the coconut pudding which, from its description, looked to be delicious. Boy was I wrong. That pudding was horrible, very bland and weird consistency. The Bomba, which I tasted, was excellent though. 
On my third visit, I ordered food, including the fried tofu with plum sauce. Once again, this was disgusting and flavorless. The tofu was not seasoned at all, neither was the coating it was fried in. The plum sauce was also very bland and not flavorful enough to make the tofu taste good. 
All in all, I've had two amazing dishes (Drunken Noodle and the Bomba) and two misses (Fried Tofu with Plum Sauce and the Coconut Pudding).The thia tea (milk tea probably, don't remember the name) is really good. And the fried rice is also a good choice for someone who likes real spicy food.I've been here several times but so far I haven't had a bad experience. Only 4 stars because I wish the chairs were a bit more comfortable then they are. 
Aside from that- I love their attention to detail when it comes to decorations on the plate. Amazing!My Girlfriend and I went on a Thursday round 5ish. No one there really, which was OK with us. The venue is very nice; the setting could easily cater to the romantic couple or an energetic party of 8. The tables were spacious, and the low music was good.
As for the food, It was OK. Nothing special, but nothing offensive either.
Shrimp Coconut soup was tasty, but I've had better. The vegetable dumplings were, well... vegetable dumplings. The pineapple fried rice with shrimp was good, but I felt like I've had it before somewhere else. The red curry Salmon was good, but not exactly memorable. Lastly, the Garlic tofu was lacking some serious flavor, and the sauce was a bit salty. We didn't have desert, but we had a couple glasses of plum wine, which was pretty good.
I should add that they do have a nice list of specialty dishes such as Venison, Alligator, and 3 types of duck, so this maybe the place if you're looking for something different.
Overall... meh. I'm not rushing to tell folks about it, but I wouldn't discourage anyone from going if they mentioned it. I'd do it again if I was in the neighborhood, or if I had a craving for alligator.  A bit overpriced I'm my opinion, but I guess after you factor in location and ambiance it makes sense. Rent in UC ain't cheap.I sincerely cannot believe there are negative reviews! As far as customer service goes, I don't think I've seen anything like it. Once, we had a slight problem with a pickup order, and they DELIVERED almost immediately to fix it. This place deserves some serious praise. Not only is the food delicious, it's almost impossible to order the WRONG thing from their extensive menu; EVERYTHING is delicious. I think the portions are fair for the price, and it's always preferred (in my opinion), to support the smaller businesses in the area, rather than the chains around the block. Favorites include - thai panang curry, spring rolls (obviously), chicken and beef satay, spicy basil, and spicy bamboo shoot. If you're a lover of very spicy foods, like myself.. make sure to specify that you'd like it VERY hot, because the ONLY problem I have is when my curry comes a little too mild. ;) That being said, this is one of the only places I've encountered that truly deserves five stars. Do yourself a favor, and give this place a try. Seriously.Pattaya is decent. It's not really expensive, and the food is usually pretty good for average American Thai food. It comes out fairly quickly as well. I've had the Pad Thai and the drunken noodles here, and while they're not amazing, they get the job done.this is the second thai restaurant i've had since moving from southern ca...
my first experience of thai food in philly wasn't so great. the food were extremely watered down and disappointing.
my experience with pattaya was more positive. the delivery guy was very nice and friendly. the food arrived way before the estimated time. AND the food actually tastes like thai food should. i ordered the vegetarian pad thai and the spicy basil tofu. yum yum yum :)Pattaya is my go-to for quick and delicious Thai delivery in West Philly. I usually order 2 dishes: Vegetable & Tofu Green Curry (Coconut Green Curry, Long Bean, Bell Pepper, and Thai Basil) and Vegetable and Tofu Pananag Curry (Coconut Panang Curry, Peanuts, Bell Pepper). The portions are generous, so I usually eat off of these two dishes for 3-4 meals! All in all, the dishes here are a great price, large portions, and yummy Thai food!I've had good results eating at Pattaya for lunch, but on my last takeout experience I was really really unhappy. We got red curry, which was decent, but the rest was just horrible. 
Vegetable springs rolls were the worst i've ever had. They were completely soggy and oily. No crunch whatsoever.
Thai BBQ Chicken was not so good as well. It came with a lot of chicken, so i had a piece of breast not on the bone, which was ok but the 'crust' was also super soggy. When we went to eat the other pieces (thigh etc, on the bone) the chicken was not cooked through. We couldn't even finish it.
I was super disappointed. I've been happy with other items when i've eaten in the restaurant so i don't know what happened. I'm hesitant to return.I got pad thai delivered. It was delivered super fast which was a nice surprise.  It was ok, but they have a really weird spice on the pad thai that I did not like.  It was similar to a roasted chipotle seasoning.  Not great on pad thai imo.  The vegetable spring rolls were crispy and delicious though!Pattaya Grill is unfortunately the only Thai restaurant in university city that delivers. It is also terrible. My girlfriend and I ordered simple Thai dishes: house salad, papaya salad, pad seeyu, and spicy squid. All of these dishes were below average, with the exception of the squid which was inedible. It was rubbery and not even cut in peices. The House salad also was about as average as a side salad you would get an italian restaruant. Unless you ABSOLUTELY NEED thai food (delivery), dont order from this place. Go out or pick it up or get something else.ok, seriously, this place is awesome! I love everything I've ever tried there.  My favorite is the vegetable coconut soup and the vegetable pad thai...the best in the city, hands down!I gave pattaya 3 stars for their delicious red and yellow curry and drinks. The service is horrible and they don't accept credit cards.Good experience every time. Usually go for the drunken noodles and my favorite... ginger drop! They infuse their own vodka with ginger and it's delicious. Staff is always friendly and the prices are reasonable. Highly recommend!Definitely the best Pad thai I have ever had. They have 4 levels of spicyness, with 4 being most spicy. I picked 2 and was happy with it. They have a nice selection of appetizers as well and I had the chicken satay which was delicious. They deserve the high ranking as the food quality and atmosphere are really top-class.Pattaya is my significant other. All the foods, I loves them.
Everything on their menu is good. There is literally nothing wrong with anything. Get the coconut shrimp soup, with an order of egg roll and enjoy a kinda silly drink in their adorable restaurant. Just do it. 
If you're a sad bastard, like myself, who sometimes feels the need to devour their feelings, order their pineapple fried rice. Or the curried anything. Just shovel it into your mouth, with no regard for anyone or anything around you. Trust me, nobody is judging you.Unimpressive, but not a total disaster.  We started with some coconut soup and beef satay.   The soup was the best item of the night and strongly recommend it.  Full of coconut with generous amounts of chicken.  The satay on the other hand was rather weak.  I decided on the Kaw Soi with beef while JJ had the Chicken Red Curry.  I Kaw Soi was solid, but the red curry was much hotter than we could have imagined.  I've had spicy, but it was at another level.  We ended up taking it to go and "cooling it off" at home.  We tried washing it down with a Thai Ice Tea, but it was pretty watered down.  
Overall, I'm not sure I'll be back to Pattaya, but if I do return, I'll aim to order their less spicy offerings.I've definitely had wayyy better especially in NYC but even in Philadelphia but considering that this is not meant to really be fine dining and has a more "fast food" feel, I think it's delicious, affordable and quite convenient. I've definitely done takeout more than once and have no real complaints!Definitely good if in the area. Peanut sauce is bomb and all their dishes are pretty decent.Pattaya is my go to Thai food spot in West Philly. I always order take it - I've yet to dine in. Tonight, I would've given them a 5 but my Pad See Yu wasn't how I love it. Instead of calling me and letting me know they were out of the flat noodles, they just told me after using another and writing me a small message on the lid. Overall, great taste - but communicate because I want what I want :)Came for lunch. I am severely disappointed.
We had to wait to be greeted in order to be properly seated. Understandable that it can be busy, but you can't leave people hanging out wondering where to eat.Their lunch menu pricing is great, but not many options on it. Then on top of that, it took a while for basic appetizers to come out. It seemed that there was only 2 waiters for about 15 tables easily. Our soups were lukewarm at best, and were tasty enough considering their temperature. My wonton soup had a random shrimp in it that I wasn't expecting but gave the soup a nice aesthetic touch. 
I was depressed by the entree. Literally, I lost my appetite after eating the first bite. I ordered the pork spicy basil fried rice. It was sweet rather than spicy. There weren't many pieces of meat, but they were good pork cuts.
My father ordered the chicken pad thai, which he found incredibly sweet. We had to ask for crushed pepper multiple times before the waiter remembered. My uncle's red beef curry was the best dish of all. The spiciness was perfect, and it didn't overwhelm the coconut flavors. I would order that off the lunch menu.
I've had some wonderful thai food in my life, and this was such a pale comparison to those meals. Maybe the lunch menu doesn't offer a sampling of their best efforts.This was the worst Pad See Ew I've had, perhaps ever. It was incredibly, incredibly salty, the fried tofu was fried to death, and, gasp!! is was MISSING a core ingredient: Egg. They also put in all kinds of vegetables that don't belong in this dish. If you are looking for good, authentic Thai food around here, this is not the place. There is a place near 48th and Baltimore that is a world away from this one, so don't discount University City food as a whole, but avoid this one.I love Thai food and I had a great meal here.  The Kaprow was great and the Pad Thai (which I usually hate) was awesome.  
The food was delicious and pretty cheap.  While the service was not mind blowing, Pattaya does not pretend to be fine dining.  Come here expecting a good meal at a reasonable rate and you will be content with what they offer.Large restaurant
Nice environment
High Prices
Nice array of food/sauces/presentation of food
Small portions, was not filled at all. Especially with the rice.It was decent thai food. It had good options for my family and my vegan sister. We got the crab dumplings, coconut shrimp, calamari and chicken pad thai. All were good. The pad thai was subpar compared to other pad thai in the city but I ate the whole plate. My dad gets calamari everywhere and he said it's one of the best he ever had. I don't like calamari but I didn't mind this one. It was not rubbery at all. 
The service was slow but it was really busy so I had to let them slide a little bit. The food came out fast once we finally put our order in. 
I got a ginger lemonade cocktail and it was really bitter, stay away unless you like drinks as such.Loved our little afternoon lunch here- I really liked the seating room in the back where the warm afternoon sun streamed in generously! Portion sizes were decent too, and our server was very gracious.I glad that Pattaya Grill changed my mind about Thai food.... 
First time I came we sat in the back which resembles a green house and it was very nice to sit back there and have great conservation
I had a Thai glazed salmon which was delicious...!!! 
My second visit I got the special where you get 3 courses and I tried the spicy soup which was excellent. I was skeptical at first but I loved it,...
I am becoming a regular at Pattaya Grill!!! The wait staff is very pleasant no matter who my waiter is....
Whenever I need THAI in philadelphia I will always come here..I have been to Pattaya Grill a few times, with colleagues and friends. Let me say I have had a lot of Thai food and this place is just average. Some items like drunken noodles or pad thai are alright but the basil/thai fried rice, curries and soups etc. are not that great. As others have mentioned, what they lack in taste they make up in service.The shrimp Pad Thai is very good and all the noodle selections in general are like any other Thai restaurant! Would definitely come again! The only reason for the four stars is consistency. Sometimes the noodles are pretty dry but other than that, it's great for a quick bite!Drunken noodles pack some heat! Very tasty, even after delivery.
Pad Thai was average at best.
Still a good option for Thai in the area! 
Quick delivery too.Pretty good food for the price.  Great for nights when you don't want to go home and cook, and still have some leftovers for the next day!  I've tried the Veggie Drunken Noodle, Panang Curry, and Pad Thai.  The food can be a little sweet sometimes but still good.  The waiters are always friendly.  Also--Thai Tea is delicious and probably one of the better ones I've had here.  Overall, reasonable price for good portions.I have been going to this place for years.  The food is always great.  However when the owner is not around the customer service is horrible.
I stopped in one afternoon around 2:30.  The hostess kept telling me that they close at 3pm.  Really??  This is the 3rd time you told me that.  Are you serving lunch now?. she said yes.  I then asked for a menu while she huffed and puffed to find me one, I then asked for the lunch special menu.
Her attitude was terrible.  She made me lose my appetite.  I had to leave, too much bad energy.  I can't wait to speak with the owner.
Otherwise I would give them a 5 star.OMG! The delivery was so FAST! Like super duper fast! I usually order from grubhub (b/c of discount codes) but their site was down and I was a hungry camper! I've order from Pattaya before. I love their spicy bamboo always really flavorful. This time I'm trying the chicken salad. I'm sure it will taste just as good. YELP's EAT24 may be my new go to for ordering delivery.Let me start by saying I haven't had a ton of Thai, but that this is my favorite Thai that I have had. On top of that, it's a great atmosphere and affordable cost, and the service has always been excellent both in store, for pick up, and delivery. Now on to the food:
Recommendations: Red Coconut Curry, Drunken Noodles, Tom Kha, Raspberry Duck. 
The coconut curry is refreshing, savory, and just the right amount of sweet as well as spicy (I get level 3 which is fairly spicy even as a spice eater). This is my favorite thing here. 
In general, there food is often sweet but balanced with other flavors, and there are typically a few layers to the taste. 
I'm lucky to have this place in the neighborhood and, again, so affordable! West Philly is the best!I probably write this a lot, but THIS is one of my favorite restaurants in University City. The waiters are always attentive and cheerful, and the atmosphere is classy but comfortable, especially in the sun room toward the back of the restaurant. There's a little bar up front, where you have a drink before you're seated or wait for your friends, and the place as a whole stays pretty relaxed, without ever getting too noisy.
The food is traditional Thai fare, with all those wonderful, patently Thai ingredients, like lemongrass and curry. I can't really say a bad word about the pad Thai (America's favorite Thai dish) and the green curry always, always sends me away pleased. But the great thing about the restaurant is its consistency. EVERYTHING, seriously everything, on the menu is pretty damn good.A Thai restaurant that doesn't have fresh chillies? Grounds for abstention.This is my favorite Thai restaurant in Philly. No one makes better pad thai than Pattaya Grill. Their Thai iced tea is also delicious. I also love their Drunken Noodle and curries. The lunch special and early bird dinner deals are great, but I usually like ordering the regular portion, so I can have leftovers.Decent food and super fast delivery. I recommend the coconut shrimp, and the pad thai.First of all, we were here on a Friday, 7 pm, not very many people here. Sometimes a problem with restaurants is that even if it isn't crowded, your food can take *forever* to come out. Not here! Service was lickity split. I got the drunken noodles and they were okay... I'm not sure if it was worth the price. I didn't like how they just put these big ol' basil leaves on top, it would have been better if they were cut up into smaller pieces. I've never eaten squid that wasn't breaded and fried, so seeing it naked and creepily pale was a little weird for me... and it didn't taste that good so I hid it underneath my orange garnish!
I also got the Thai Ice Tea, which I guess is tea with condensed sweetened milk on top? It was too sweet, but made a pleasant orange color when I mixed it all together. My friend and I split the Bomba which was delicious.
One downside, they have a policy of not splitting checks. This makes me angry because I hate doing arithmetic in restaurants.
Also, I want to apologize to the couple sitting next to us if you ever read this. I was telling my friend about Dostoevsky and I guess I got a little too animated because you two stopped talking and kind of stared at me.Pattaya Grill serves pretty good food, but their portions tend to be smaller than Thai Singha's (the place 250 feet away) for the same price. Taste-wise, I think I prefer Thai Singha's drunken noodles and pad thai, but I think Pattaya's curries may be slightly better. What Pattaya does do well is their higher ticket menu items like the Raspberry Duck or the Salmon Red Curry. These are quite tasty. I'm not sure how Thai Singha compares because I rarely eat these more expensive dishes. I normally stick to the noodles or curries--I just want to be full and not pay too much or have to cook...laziness speaking here.
The decor here is nicer than Thai Singha (there is also a portrait of the King here). I like sitting in the back in the room that's full of windows. It feels more airy, lighter, even at night. The place is good for groups or dates because of the multiple sections/levels that the restaurant has. You can be separated from the noise.I just moved away from Philly and something I really miss is the thai iced tea from Pattaya! Their's isn't overly sweet. I find excessive sweetness with thai iced tea to be a fatal flaw but Pattaya has never disappointed. I've come here just for that silky beverage.
The food is also pretty good! I usually get either the chicken pad thai or the red curry. Be warned, the red curry is spicy so if that's not your thing, steer clear. The red curry has a delightful coconut base with different veggies that you eat with a rice ball they give you. The pad thai is well-balanced (I've had lots of pad thai in my life and Pattaya executes it among the best.) 
The vibe is casual and fun. The decor is a bit outdated but it's not awful. The service is good, I've never had any problems with the wait for my food or with the staff. This place was most certainly a staple when I was a college student. Good food at a great price.Their early bird dinner special is hard to beat! You get an appetizer and an entree for about the price of the entree, without compromising on portion size (depsite what they may tell you. I never noticed smaller portions with the dinner special.) Yeah I miss this place. Enjoy!Cheap.  Clean.  Good food.  Courteous service.  Ideal for their $8.95, 3-course lunch which filled me up quite nicely.  Is there better Thai out there?  Yes.  Is any of them close to my work, cheap, and reliable?  Nope.While the food was good, I have to give only two stars based on the incredibly impatient wait staff at this restaurant. I went on a Saturday evening, but they weren't very crowded. The waiter got our appetizer order wrong and was really snarky about the mistake even though we didn't make it a big deal at all! That attitude persisted through the rest of the meal and if we asked for a straw or a napkin were just made to feel like it was a problem. Most will agree that great food when coupled with great service makes for the best dining experience and unfortunately, this place just didn't deliver!We order from here very frequently, and the food is usually very good, however it can be very inconsistent depending on the chef. We just ordered the red curry, "spice level 3" (whatever that means), which we've gotten plenty of times in the past. It's usually honestly not spicy enough, however today it had both myself and my girlfriend in tears (and we both love spicy food), and was basically inedible. Pattaya needs to figure out how to prepare food consistently, but until then, ordering I'd a huge gamble.I enjoy their dinner specials, often the mushroom or chicken lemongrass soup with a pad thai and a dessert all for one low price.
Beyond that, they've got almost the same menu as the Thai Singha across the way, but they have a more vibrant, open-air feeling, including a greenhouse-like attachment in the back. Much less dark in decor, plenty of wood.
Curries here are good, as are the Thai iced teas - I often get 2-3 of them despite being $2 each.WIth other Thai restaurants in the vacinity of this one, I will say that this was my first and will be my last time dining here. There was nothing outstanding or memorable about the place or my experience. Like most other asian restaurants, they gladly cater towards the vegetarian patron. 
Their spring rolls were a little overdone and quite greasy, but flavorful nonetheless. The sauces on both mine and my dining partners entrees were very light, which in past experiences, Thai sauces are usually quite heavy. I'm always welcoming to a healthier option/version, but when that's not what you're expecting, it's a little disappointing.  Needless to say, the dishes lacked in flavor.Solid Thai food. The green curry could have been more flavorful with more coconut flavors and cream, but it was a hearty serving. We also ordered the Pad See Ew which was tasty but standard. Thai ice tea was overpoweringly sweet.I actually went to this restaurant years ago but I went this past summer with a friend and the food was pretty good. But the service wasn't all that impressive. I think we ordered and waited an hour and half for the food to arrive?! And it's crowded and super noisy. All in all the food was good but be prepared for a migraine if you go on a weekend evening.Ordered delivery via grubhub.com. Site is user friendly, food was hot, and delivery was ahead of schedule. We ordered vegetarian pad Thai and not orders were correct and delicious! Plenty of food if you want to split a dish. Fresh vegetables were used and it included a lime slice and topped with cilantro. Nice touch!Good food, awesome service. I have been going here for two years and I love their food! I would recommend the Thai iced tea, vegetable pad thai, Thai basil fried rice.First Thai place I ever had and still remains my favorite. Cravings for the Druken Noodle and the Pad Thai ensue frequently. Quality and quantity has decreased over the years unfortunately, but the flavors are right on. 
If you're looking for somewhere to satisfy a Thai craving, this is your place. 
Far outweighs the other Thai place just half a block down, but for lunch their special can't be beat!I stopped in Pattaya Grill today for lunch before making my way to work. I was in a hurry and was hoping to get a quick bite to eat. I went with the 3 course lunch special for 8.95. The special comes with soup, side, and an entree. There were a few different choices for both the soup and side, and a decent lunch menu for the entree. I went with wonton soup, dumplings, and chicken panang curry. The soup and dumplings came out pretty quickly and were quite delicious. It was just the right amount of food to hold me over until the curry came out. The dumplings also came with this tasty sauce that was way better than the typical soy sauce. Then came the panang curry. The curry itself was great. It had a fresh, warm taste to it. It was spicy, but not ridiculously spicy. The one problem I had was that the chicken tasted a little bland, which was odd considering it's in the curry. 
The service was great. My waitress was very nice and they got me in and out in about 30 minutes. 
Overall I would give this place 3 stars but a Ratatat song came on mid-meal and that definitely bumps it up to 4 (I'm on a little Ratatat kick right now).Just hearing the word Pattaya makes my mouth water.  I'll eat anything they're serving up.  Been here many, many times and never disappointed.  My favorite spot is the sun room in the back with a gigantic tree, but the regular room is fine, too.  Chill atmosphere & good times.After eating at way too many overpriced thai places in town, I'm SO glad to find a thai place with reasonable prices! In terms of the quality of thai food, meh. If you want better, go to Los Angeles.
The portions were rather small. At first, I was excited to see that for 10.95, I could get a three course meal! The salad was measly (though the dressing was good). The soup wasn't bad, standard cup size. And the pad thai was delicious, but again, small compared to other places.
Nonetheless, glad to see that most dishes are around $10 or under if you get vegetarian. None of this overpriced $13 curry business. 
The restaurant is also beautiful and very large.Delicious pad Thai and yellow curry.  The only negative is when we asked for heat, the dishes were still really mild.  Other than that, they have great flavors and will be back again soon!I like the papaya salad, pad thai, and late night noodles, but the last two were very greasy. The pad thai is definitely better than the pad thai you would get from the Real Le Anh (food truck on 36th and Spruce). Service was on the slow side unfortunately. And I wish they had sweet sticky rice with mango.I love this place. The prices are good and the food is yummy. The vegetarian curries are amazing, full of vegetables and creamy. I also really enjoy the cocktails especially at happy hour when they are a good deal. I would rate 5 stars except that the last time I was there my spouse had pad thai and it was not very good.Technically 3.5 star review.  Food gets 3 stars, extra half-star for INCREDIBLY FAST DELIVERY at 7 pm on a Friday night.   Don't be me; remember to tip your delivery guy. I forgot and had to contact GrubHub to adjust the charge to my card so that I could tip the poor guy.  Total props to the fast delivery.
As far as food goes... meh.  /shrug.  Mediocre Thai.  Not terrific, but not terrible, either.  Just sorta meh.  I'm pretty sure there was tofu in my chicken pad thai, which is fine by me, but if you have specific allergies, you may want to bear in mind that things often end up in dishes here where not previously anticipated.   Also ordered a yellow curry, since I was exploring; I have yet to eat it, but it looked pretty oily when I "unboxed" it.  Tasted the curry itself - not bad, but not "oh my god I will eat here all the time" either.
Let's be honest, Yelp: You might not be -disappointed- by this place, but you won't be satisfied, either.  Am I thrilled that I feel comfortable enough making this place my Thai delivery spot?  Not really.  But it's good enough that when I have a long, shitty week and don't feel like cooking, I'll consider Pattaya in with the rest of my options.   Although considering the amount of food you get for the money you're going to spend, there are better options, unless you REALLY WANT (americanized) THAI.
In short: Okay; good, I guess.  It's not gonna kill you or make you sick.  It's also pretty plain.  There's good and bad in that, and it's up to you to pick a side.Food is alright yet service is disappointing. Our waitress Nora seem to be in a really bad mood and not wanting to say one more word with her customers. Would not come in the future :)sad sad day...i was feeling pretty blegh and needed some soup to help me feel better. since i've enjoyed pattaya for awhile now, i decided to order some delivery. delivery was fast and friendly...so why the one star review this time? well...halfway through my meal, i found a weird one inch plastic nail with some chicken skin attached to it. definitely had to throw out the food and contact grubhub to reimburse me for it. it was an easy transaction but i am still sad about the fact that i've lost my go-to thai restaurant...sad sad sad :(Delicious! After I finished my vegetable pad thai, I ordered another to go! It's very quaint looking with a glassed-in porch in the back. I sat back there with a big group of friends, and we all cleaned our plates. It's pretty casual and gives a home-y feel.This is definitely not authentic Thai food,  not to mention the slow service... I ordered tom yum noddle soup whIch tassted disgusting. Not coming back.3.5 stars. Average Thai restaurant. Solid food. Similar to the other Thai places in the area. Nothing stood out but needed a Thai fix and it hit the spot for sure. Hard to go wrong with standard noodle dishes.The best chicken pad thai ever!!! It's amazing!!! I also enjoy having their thai tea with it :). The atmosphere is very chill. It has a warm, intimate feel to it if you are looking for a good place to bond with your significant other.I absolutely am in love with Thai cuisine and Pattaya is somewhere I really enjoyed dining at. Their noodles are delicious and very well seasoned. I definitely recommend coming here for a good meal and great service.One word...very affordable..I can definitely consider this one as my to go option...taste and quantity both were good..good option for party with friends..number of options for vegetarians...I've been here several times. I keep hoping that I'll like it -- and I keep ordering different things in the hopes I'll find a great dish -- but I never do. Portions are smaller than at Thai Singha (which is kitty-corner to Pattaya) and more expensive. Food has generally been bland, and even when I practically beg them to make it extra spicy, there's barely any heat...unlike Thai Singha, which cranks their chili-meter up when I ask for "five-star spicy" there. Really not worth coming here, especially with Thai Singha a minute walk away.Went on a Saturday night at about 6-7.  quick seating.  friendly staff and attentive but not over bearing.   Food was good.  Recommend that when you order the pineapple rice they put it in a pineapple.  butt taste was great.  Other party ordered the Peking duck.  was a little over doneI want to tell you about Pattaya Grill.  We eat there 2 or 3 times a month. We both get Their three course early bird special menu ($9.95) that is enough to have some for lunch the next day.
 Most importantly the quality is excellent. Their vegetable lemon grass soup as well as their cream of mushroom are two of my favorites. Their Pad Thai and different curry dishes are all worth the trip.
The service is polite and respectful, always checking the water and our satisfaction.
Lastly but not at all least, is the noise level. It is low. And I think it is because the music is the best restaurant music in the city. It is modern, interesting and calming.
Pattaya Grill is one of my Favorite. Try it!!I like this place for the ambiance and food. I went here with a friend today for the second time and we sat in the sunlit room. We loved the food both times, but today, the A/C was up way too high. It was prolly 62-63, way colder than it needed to be.
I had the vegetable Tom Kha and it was beautifully plated (bowled?) and AMAZING! Thanks to another Yelper who turned me onto this soup. 
We shared the veggie spring rolls. I didn't love these; they were "okay". They had tofu in them, which I found unnecessary. Also, they were too crispy, which meant that they fell apart as you tried to eat them.
I also had the green curry with veggies. The curry is wonderful, but they brought me chicken the first time and I sent it back. About ten minutes later, I had a fresh bowl, but it was tofu instead of straight veggies (which I asked for). At this point, I ate it anyway and just ate around the tofu (which I don't love). 
Our service was decent, but could have been better. We hadn't decided the first time the girl came around, and she didn't come back for another 15 minutes. We tried to flag her down earlier, but she wasn't in the dining room at all. This wasn't a huge deal to me since I could talk to my friend, but it would have been really annoying if I'd been in a hurry or alone.
You can't beat their prices - great value!If I had to choose between the Thai Singha House across the street and the Pattaya Grill, I would choose Thai Singha House.  It feels a lot more claustrophobic here, the dishes are smaller and the food is rarely served hot.  It just feels kind of half-assed.  Also on both occasions that I have been there, it was a great hassle paying the bill.  Got overcharged once and they served the wrong order twice.Good ambience .. The spring rolls were tasty but oily..the drunken noodles .. Exquisite!! The pad Thai was good but too sweet for my liking..Very nice everyday restaurant with great food served at a very affordable price. Highly recommend the drunken noodles and the red curry.I think Pattaya in University City is one of Philadelphia's top Thai restaurants.  While restaurants in its vicinity come and go, Pattaya goes on and on.  There's a reason for this.  Let's start with the food.  My recent meal here was excellent.  It began with fried chicken dumplings dipped in a thickened garlic soy sauce. Def good. Next came the Northern Thai dish called Hung Ley Curry.  This curry consisting of pork, ginger, peanuts, and tamarind went perfectly with the accompanying rice. A spicy chili sauce provided an extra flavor kick.  Fried bananas were a sweet ending to the meal. Service is always good here (they remembered me even though I haven't been there for a while) and the atmosphere is a notch above most Thai restaurants in the Philly area. I especially like the light-filled airy back room which feels like an outdoor space.  Pattaya is just a fine restaurant to eat in.A University City staple, Pattaya is the go-to place for Thai around the Penn campus.
They have quite a varied menu, but my favorites are the Late Night Noodle and Drunken Noodle. The noodles are thick and chewy, and are served piping hot and stir-fried with various chunks of seafood. Lately, it seems like sometimes they skimp a bit on the quantity of seafood they put in, especially the scallops, but there's still enough to do the dish justice. The pad thai is also worth a try.
Some of the other dishes are hit or miss. The wonton & bok-choy soup is a good starter, and I like their Thai iced-tea. I'd avoid the duck noodle soup, as the duck tends to be a bit fat and the soup salty, but the seafood noodle soup (Yen Ta 4) is delicious and chocked full of seafood.
The service is usually cheerful and friendly, although during busy periods you may have to work a bit to get your waiter's attention. For your Thai fix in West Philly though, Pattaya is the place to go.Service is fast, very good pad Thai. They respond to requests very well and are polite.
The bbq chicken was bangin'.
I went with a group and the overall consensus was very positive. The drunken noodles were meh and not recommended. However, the spices were on fleek and food had nice tang. 
It was sizzling. I nearly had to call the fire department cause the food was burning.
However, it was kinda pricey for the serving size and some people in the group thought it was "meh"
I would go back and my only negative comment is about the price.
However, this price outweighs the taste. Do not get the pad ew sew, it is disappointingPad Thai's not terrible. As for the curries, I could do without the zucchini and instead have some more rice on the plate.Drunken noodle - delicious
Fish cakes - delicious
Vegetarian Drunken noodle - delicious
Panang curry - delicious
Green curry - delicious
Service - So so so crappy.
My boyfriend and I came here for dinner on a weekday night.  There were plenty of customers but I wouldn't have called it crowded necessarily.  In any case, we sat at our table for at least ten minutes before anyone came over with water... food came eventually.. more sitting.. more sitting... dirty plates hanging out on the table.. waiting to be cleared... plates finally cleared.. more sitting..
more sitting... boyfriend asks waiter for check... waiter says sure and then goes off to clear a table... comes back to clean the table with glass spray... leaves again... 
check finally arrives... more sitting.. more sitting...
Finally we gave up on paying by credit card and just left cash in the exact amount of the check.  I can't remember the last time I tipped less than 18% much less didn't tip at all, but wow.  After having the waiter walk past our table at least three times with no apparent reaction to our needing anything, I can't say I feel bad about it.  I've been here for lunch before as well and I don't remember it being that bad.  But if we come back, we're getting take out.Great service. Great food. Great for take out or delivery. Great prices. Have lived a few blocks away for 6 years and come often. Best Thai place in the city.The better of two Thai spots near Penn. Nice ambiance and quick service. Pad see ew and pad thai are dependable choices; drunken noodles are good but only possess a mild spicy kick. The best value for your money is likely the curry (red, yellow, or green), which comes with a very generous mound of rice, or the thai bbq chicken. Those dishes would satisfy a large appetite or provide enough leftovers for another meal.Originally a country boy from upstate NY, I tried Pattaya grill my first week of my first semester in college. I didn't know what to expect from Thai food, but I loved everything that was on that menu. It wasn't until years later and countless numbers of Thai restaurants all over the nation that I truly begun to appreciate what Pattaya has to offer. 
My fave dish on the menu is called "Drunken Noodle", otherwise known at Pad Kee Mao.  It is by far, hands down, unequivocally the best of it's kind. Anywhere. 
I don't get to come back to Philly very often, but when I do, I never leave without an order of Drunken Noodle.Their tofu garlic and Raspberry duck dish are very good!The structure of this venue is pretty cool. There's a small seating area as you walk in where the bar is. Then bi-level seating in the middle of the restaurant and finally, a sunny patio seating at the back of the restaurant. 
I stopped by here to get the 3-course lunch special. You get to pick a soup, an appetizer and an entree. All for only $8.99. DEAL!!!  I had the vegetable soup, a spring roll and chicken pad thai. zomg, they were all so good! Veggie soup was oh-so-delish with all my favorite veggies - broccoli, snow-peas, carrots... YUM. Spring roll was kinda meh - I've had better in the past. Pad thai was really good, though. The rice noodles were cooked to perfect. They serve fresh(uncooked=raw) bean sprouts on the side so they are crunchy...nice touch! 
Overall, I enjoyed everything. I'll probably go back. 
Disclaimer: I've seen a collection of spiderweb under a lamp on the wall...gross and intriguing at the same time - how many spiders built this creation? It's like a spider condo. Creepy. So gross because how can the staff not notice this big gunk of spiderweb? If they can't notice that big of a grossness, should I even trust them with my food? Maybe I shouldn't think too much into it...Place is great ! Ann our server was amazing! Kept the Thai tea coming, and the drunken noodles are the best in the city. I approve of this place as an amazing date night.I ordered the vegetable soup, golden triangles, and Hung Lay curry. Everything was delicious. 
Vegetables in soup were fresh and broth not too salty, golden triangles weren't overly fried and the plum sauce was awesome (mild, sweet vinegar w/peanuts, not thick), and the Hung Lay curry was the best I've ever had. Pork, peanuts, fresh ginger and tamarind. Thank you! :)They serve the best Tai Ice tea in Philadelphia.
The Lemon Grass soup is also good. But my favor is Late Night Noodle. 
Their portion is pretty big. So normally one order is good enough for two girls.This is my second time at this establishment. This second visit was much improved however, service can still improve. We received the wrong food and we had to send our food back. The service was friendly.I've ordered take out three times from Pattaya and got the chicken Pad Thai all three times. Absolutely awesome and reasonably priced! They provide you with a lime wedge to squeeze on the dish which really accentuates the flavor and adds a nice touch. I really enjoy the lime addition so ask for a few extra lime wedges or be sure to have some in the fridge at home. Two thumbs up!I went into this Thai shop yesterday and had myself a nice little lunch special. For about $9.00 you get to have soup, appetizer, and a main dish which is pretty sweet considering that a burrito and a drink cost about 9 dollars down the street.
I ordered the Chicken Pad Thai special, with Wonton Soup and Chicken dumplings with soy garlic sauce. The flavors weren't complex and may be too sweet for some, and the noodles were kinda hard but I found it to be quite edible. Overall it was a pleasant experience and a nice change of pace from the usualNice garden view at the back side.
Food came fast in large portion. ^^
Servers are friendly.I tried their $15 dining day menu with chicken satay, beef red curry and coconut ice cream. Love this menu combination. The chicken was a little overcooked, and the curry could be a lot thicker like a paste, not soup. Overall the restaurant was great.I ordered delivery through grubhub. Got a "seafood lemon grass soup" for $4.25. When I got it, I counted (yes I counted) 1 muscle in shell, 2 mini squid pieces, and about 8 pieces of mushroom. Nice...Think twice.Back in the college days, Pattaya was my hangover cure. I'd order the mixed vegetable soup and chicken pad thai. Now, something's changed and I'm not sure if it's my taste buds or their chef. Either way, today's hangover cure did nothing to satisfy. So anyway, if anyone out there has a pad thai they swear by, I'm all ears.Why why why does this place have any stars higher than 2?
I ordered from this place last night and completely lost my appetite. I ordered a tofu pad thai and omg my noodles were PINK! Looked like someone dyed them with some type of chemical. The noodles were so mushed together I couldn't even make out one noodle. I was so grossed out I called and tried to get a refund but they blamed it on Caviar. Terrible customer service, Caviar didn't make the pad Thai duhhh
I'm sorry that I wasted my money here. Hoping to help out anyone else from making the same mistakeGood food, but bad service. The waitress is so rude and impolite towards us. Never going again.Good portions and happy prices, and the food came out within 5 to 10 minutes. Quiet and sort of looks like a dollhouse crossed with a treehouse inside. A solid dinner option if you live in the area and want something Thai, and really quick and confident servers for a group of any size. 
However, I definitely wouldn't go out of my way to come here . I didn't feel like there was anything special going on with my curry, so I can't say anything blew my mind at all. It's food, and it's not bad. But that's about all I can say with conviction. 
They also don't serve brown rice, which isn't a minus at all but thought I'd leave that here as a note.
Their chicken Pad Khing had a bit of a sauce coming out of it that mixed PERFECTLY with the white rice it came with though!!!
Service is great! Ambience is well-thought out. Acceptable food.BEST THAI FOOD I have ever had!! Definitely worth the money. Get the pad Thai or drunken noodles. they're amazing!Omg, I ordered for delivery my tofu was so soggy and greasy and my beef salad is so dry and tough. Smh  I threw everything out except the Thai tea.Excellent lunchtime meal of drunken noodles at a great price.  And they serve alcohol!  Highly recommend.Food: This is pretty generic Americanized thai food. It's a good place for the typical dishes like pad thai, barbecue chicken, and pineapple fried rice. I personally didn't like their version of the drunken noodles; it had a tomato based and didn't taste like any drunken noodles I've ever had. 
Decor:  Very pretty! Beautiful decorated. Definitely thumbs up in this regard. 
Staff: Nice, but not the most attentive.Not sure what all the hate is about (ex. my Penn friends saying it's not very good and other reviews say similarly) but Pattaya has never disappointed me. Sure, it's not as good as my favorite thai restaurants (Obao, NY and Bai Tong, CA), but still absolutely delicious.
Things the bf and I get every time:
+pad kee mao - delicious, spicy and very generous serving! 
+basil fried rice - also extremely large portion sizes and doesn't have a burnt taste like some fried rice does. Full of veggies and tofu.
+red curry - my favorite dish. Best when served fresh (so don't get this to go) 
Consistently solid thai food option near campus / for delivery on those lazy nights in.I had dinner there this evening with my husband. The food is remarkably bad. The curry I ordered had a thick layer of grease and looked and tasted as though it was made over a week ago. The calamari were rubbery. the shrimp coconut suit had more rubbery mushrooms than anything else. And some of the other appetizers looked like they came straight from Trader Joes.$8.95 lunch special includes a soup, an appetizer, and an entree.  It was both quick and edible.  They keep this place clean and your glass of water filled.  40th and Chestnut is no intersection for fine dining, but this is decent Thai close to campus.We ordered this delivery service for my CS exam in Philadelphia. The food came pretty fast and was pretty steamy still when it arrived! I ordered their signature beef dish and a chicken green curry, which were both pretty good. They gave us good amount of proportions as well!I only get Pad Thai - which is good, but there's just not enough!!
Service is great! Cost is reasonable. Great for vegetarians.solid thai in west philly.  pad thai was good not great, penang curry was excellent and spicy.  veggie options a bit scant. i wish i could have given 3.5 stars.
also, the smell of chemical spray at nearby tables as they were being cleaned while we were eating was a turn-off.I visited this Thai place while in Philly on a business trip. At first when I walked in I was a little worried because the front of the restaurant was completely empty at 6 pm which is never a good sign, but I was led to the back where they have their sun room I guess you could call it which was packed. I ordered the veggie spring rolls and the Pad Thai. Both were pretty solid and were brought out very quickly. The servers are also friendly and attentive.