I LOVE this place. It's a must stop through for me when I come into Philly!!! The people that work here are the best and the oyster are delish! Don't miss it.No doubt a delicious breakfast spot! I tried the classic French Toast. I was not a disappointed. Light, fluffy and sweet! It also came with fresh strawberries and blueberries. The bacon was cooked to perfection. I also ordered a side of scrambled eggs. The staff were very pleasant. I'll definitely visit again.I've been here 3 times in the past two months and ordered the same thing every time and LOVED IT every time - as have all the friends I've brought here.
First and foremost - THE TRUFFLE FRIES. Yes, all caps are necessary. These are probably the best fries I have ever had and if they were the only fries I could eat for the rest of my life, I would be more than content. Please order them. They are $5 and easily shareable - my move is to get them as the appetizer as most of the entrees come with their own side.
Now for the main course - the salmon burger. It has ginger, cucumber, and some other thing I can't quite recall with the most delicious sauce on brioche. Sounds weird - tastes amazing! It is unique and refreshing with no "fishy" taste and is filling but doesn't make you feel gross or stuffed. Food is 5 stars. 
Service is friendly and helpful, albeit a little slow occasionally and water refills have been hard to come by. You pay up front at the register when finished. 
I will be back here - maybe next time I'll try something else lol I hear great things about the po boy.Delicious! I had a yummy mushroom and turkey bacon omelet (made from local eggs) with white cheddar cheese. It came with a side of fruit, home fries (or grits) and toast (which I held). The portion was perfectly sized.
I also ordered fresh squeezed oj which I literally could have guzzled down in one sip. It was that good!
The service was great too. Our waitress was very sweet. She warned us that the kitchen was busy and it could take longer to get our food. We told her we were in no rush. 'Longer' was 10-15 minutes.
The setting here is also amazing. POB is located at the front of the marketplace. Just a great atmosphere for breakfast at a bustling marketI work nearby so have eaten at Pearl's a couple times. Today I was craving a crab cake sandwich for lunch so came here, and at the last minute decided instead to order the fried oyster platter, which comes with fries, coleslaw, and a roll. When the platter came, I just stared at it confused for a bit because there are only 3 oysters. That's right, 3 oysters. It was $13. It's Reading Terminal Market. I wasn't expecting much. But I was expecting a "platter" to have more than 3 oysters. Not huge giant oysters either but average size oysters. The oysters themselves tasted fine but seriously, three? You get more than that in a PO Boy sandwich. Come on. I guess they expect you to fill up on fries and the roll. Oh and I just realized I never got the roll.Fantastic service, though I went to eat at 10AM on a weekday and it was not busy at all. Everyone was friendly and quick. 
The best part of breakfast, though, was the food. Crabcakes Benedict. Amazing. 
Good atmosphere and great food. I'm happy to be working in Philly this week down the street from Reading Terminal where I have found so many gems like this place.My husband and I stopped here for breakfast on a Sunday morning, and I'd highly recommend trying the Breakfast Po'boy. DELICIOUS. Their coffee was pretty great, too.I ate there the first time I ordered the bacon banana french toast,  it was good the first time,  the second time it was horrible,  I ask the server politely that it was something wrong with my order, he neglected to do anything about it. I've never went to a restaurant that neglected a customer concerns, but yet still want the customer's money. I was outrage,  I will not be going back to pearls oyster bar. There customer service has to improve. For anyone going to Reading Terminal for the first time or just going there to eat, try out the Dutch Eating Place, the food is great, customer service is great, the work ethic at the Dutch Eating Place is way better than eating at the pearls oyster bar.Best Breakfast in the area!!!
Had eggs Philly yesterday... EPIC... had Peanut Butter Banana French toast today... EPIC... go here for breakfast!!!
Great service with a smile too!I eat at the Reading Terminal frequently, but have never eaten from here. I was in the mood for some fried shrimp, and ordered the shrimp platter with extra fries (I dont like coleslaw). I got it to go, my order was ready quickly, i was excited to eat it. I get home and open the box and my first thought was really, this is what I paid almost $11 with tax for. The fries were nothing special, had to add salt and have ketchup with them to have some flavor. The roll was a roll. There were I believe like 5 butterflied shrimp. I was surprised at how little the amount of shrimp was. But I thought ok, they might be very good, they were not, they also had no flavor. Overall not worth the money at all, maybe if I had paid half of what i did, I would be ok with the very bland food. I might try the soups one day, but I dont know if I would give the fried food another chance.Super busy. But worth it.  Nothing fancy, just good food. Be patient because it can be get a little inane busy.  We had the Vermont oysters which were really good and sweet.  The lobster bisque is good as well.  The PO boy sandwich was just average.Just had the best breakfast of my life. We asked our waiter Jessica what we should get as we had never been. She mentioned the crab cake benny and banana Bacon French toast. Only had to wait a few minutes for the food to come out. Jessica's service was awesome. And you'll never have a better French toast.There was fast service and great breakfast that is served all day. Seating and friendly people!Seth is super cool.  Will get you started despite other wanna be waiting staff.  Coleslaw is wet and fresh. Cod and fries, served hot and fast.  Faster than expected. Batter and cod both way tasty.  Fast food that's tasty - Hard to find. Also... free refills.  Woooooo!I had the salmon burger which was great!!! The salmon was cooked perfect and seasoned well. The salad was over dressed and the dressing had way too much vinegar in it so I couldn't finish the salad at all. Service was fast and friendlyWe ate here three times in three days ... waitresses and service was fast and the little nook where we ate was cool, looking at both the street and the busy market.  My son is a french fry critic and loved them - crispy and perfect.  We had fish and chips, oysters, calamari, scallops, and fish tacos in our various meals. All were outstanding- fresh and well prepared.  The scallops were accompanied with asparagus and white bean salad which was 5-star good.  All in all a great experience and well worth it.Food was ok but the service was impeccable. Quick, helping those with mobility problems (two people coming at different time), offering info about food choices.  I'll be back.Eaten many times over the years and food is excellent.  Best fried flounder and quick service. However, today was not happy with non existent service.  Sat at counter surrounded by folks eating.   Tried in vain as young fellow waiter talked to other patrons about their meals to get attention.  Never acknowledged I was there.  Even cleaned up plates next to me.  Was invisible.  No menu. No nothing.  After waiting in vain for ten minutes and no service left.  Very bad server at an otherwise great spot.  Will be a while before consider returning.  Totally bad experience and left hungry and pissed off.  Waiter was useless.   Enough said.Must go if you are looking for brunch in reading terminal! Try the chicken and waffles and any of the waffles or French toast! Service is super quick and if you are hungry you'll be dining in less than 10 minutes!Not bad, but definitely not the best that I experienced while in Philadelphia. 
I visited Reading Terminal (...again) for breakfast and I wasn't sure what I wanted to eat. I was already ate breakfast at the delicious Hershel's and I wanted to try something different. I have to admit, I was somewhat lured in due to the diner seats that they had readily available. Most places in Reading Terminal do not offer seating, but this place has a lot for the space provided. 
The breakfast menu was pretty interesting. It had a lot of things to help you indulge. Things such as red velvet waffles, creme brulee french toast, etc. I decided to stick to something a little less sweet and I went for the breakfast burrito. The breakfast burrito was just OK, and did not really seem like an "authentic" breakfast burrito. I use the word authentic loosely, because it's not like any breakfast burrito is authentic anyways.
Pearl's feed me that morning and kept me full, so it was good in that sense. But, it just wasn't one of the better meals that I've had at Reading Terminal. I don't think I'd visit again unless I was desperate for some of the seating they provide.Hey ya'll I'll be honest--- I work here! And if you read these reviews and are worried about service, rest assured that those peeps are no longer employed here. The food is slammin, zagat just rated our oyster sliders the #4 sandwich in the entire market, and you will always love our Benedicts, the daily brunch specials, and everything from bacon banana French toast to housemade salmon burgers with sriracha and wasabi aioli.
Always ask if we have lobster bisque on deck, it's not on the menu, but of all of our homemade soups that is my personal fave :) or the snapper TURTLE w sherry!
This place has seen a lot of changes in the past year, and it's DEFINITELY worth a try. Most awesomely casual, best people watching, and delicious seafood/brunch joint in townLaid back great service in the hustle of the morning at reading terminal. Food was as described and perfectly prepared. Tastes great!!Had occasion to be at a conference and gave me an opportunity to visit this long-time favorite. It's always consistent on the regular seafood menu items but I've noticed over the last couple of years they've kicked up the menu to include new, upscale dishes. Check out the daily specials. Staff and chef do a great job.Their food is pretty good, but I wish they offered scallops in a non-fried form. Too much fried food makes it all taste the same--like batter. Their lobster and crab bisque is very good.Came here for brunch and was pleasantly surprised. They have a bunch of benedicts. Got the chicken and waffles benedict, though I'd love to try the pork belly one, and the crabcake one at some point too. The waffle wasn't quite crispy enough, but the poached eggs were done great, the sauce was tasty, and the chicken quite good. Easy to share with another person as well, which is what I did.
Also got a berry french toast, which had a creme anglaise and mixed berries. This was really quite good. They used brioche, and it was a good flavor, not too eggy, not too soggy, just right. The creme and berries went well. Service was really nice there, in typical Philly in your face / sarcastic kinda humor. Ambiance is...well...it's Reading Terminal Market. For what it is, this place was definitely worth it.I was disappointed with this place. It is named oyster bar but they do not even have fresh oyster. All the seafood were deeply cooked and lost their essential taste. I won't recommend this place to my friends.Tasty salmon nicoise, crisp vegetables, plump olives...just overcooked salmon. I think the visit would have been better if service was present. I'm well outside lunch hour and have to ask for service and water. The waitress didn't wait for my second bite before dropping off my check! Message received, I'm done at Pearl's.
I appreciate the fresh salad though.What a surprise!! Delicous breakfast/brunch. Place was busy but servers were on the top of their game. Highly recommend trying one of their varieties of eggs benedict. I had the veggie one. The hollandaise was hot which can sometimes not be the case. Potatoes were crispy and flavorful. Sauteed veggies were probably the best part. You just grab a seat or sit at the counter so you get to know your neighboor.I had the cod. It was okay. The crab and lobster bisque could have used some more chunks of meat in it. I was searching for the good stuff amongst the broth. My friend had the steamed clams. She thought they were good, even though they took a while to come out.We really enjoyed our breakfast here today.  One of the best eggs Benedict I've ever had.  The potatoes it came with were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  Delicious.  My son loved his " LIBERTY" waffle. The bell was clearly imprinted on it. Very nice touch.  The place is not fancy but a solid choice for a good breakfast in Philly!Legit one of the best breakfast meals I've ever had. Get the Breakfast Jawn - you won't regret it.After wandering through the market we decided to stop here for breakfast. We got the oyster omelet and the egg sandwich. The coffee was strong and good. The food was well prepared and tasted really good too.Had a great time here. The food was excellent and the service by the hostess Ben, was great as well. He recommended the special which was the strawberry shortcake french toast. Great choice!Rude waitress. I wanted to eat at the oyster bar just to say I ate there but they wouldn't let me just buy French fries. Ridiculous and Rude.Breakfast on a busy Sunday.  AMAZING food.  Fast service.  Ben the server - super friendly & enthusiastic.  Fantastic!Breakfast to go today! I had about 40 min before I left for New York today. I went to reading terminal to get some breakfast, and headed straight over to Pearls. The line was extremely long. Customers were reading the menu while ordering which held things up a but. The waitress was kind enough to take people's orders that's knew what they wanted. The front cashier was polite, but not very friendly. Even to the staff. I always notice those things because I manage a staff of 7. I care about how people are treated. Although my food was delicious no one deserves to be treated mean, especially when they are only trying to help. 
I know, I know. The food is what you want to know about. I ordered the Veggie Benedict and it was fabulous. I always enjoy their breakfast and the potatoes are cooked to perfection. Enjoy!!This place is great!  I am not sure why I don't frequent it more often...  They have very fresh oysters from NB Canada that are super crisp and clean.  The fish tacos are amazing.. they are served with a salsa verde sauce that totally makes the tacos! service at the bar is always good!This was First time eating at Oyster Bar. I was VERY ambivalent about what to eat as I wanted to somewhat eat healthy while in town. One of the severs was incredibly helpful. This food was healthy ANDA had amazing tasteI order the tuna nicoise salad. My daughter had an omelette. My salad was one of the best salads I've EVER had. It was perfection. Her omelette was excellent as well. We were exhausted and hungry. Totally impressed by the food. It's right in the center of the action - very busy. Great people watching too.Pearls oyster bar is delicious! From their breakfast, brunch, lunch and dinner. The chicken fingers are very light and delicious. They also mastered the way calamari should taste, some places it too chewy and other places it's too over done...this place has the perfect calamari. ON TOP OF THEIR BOMB ASS FOOD, the staff makes you feel like you've been their friends for life. Al, Jess, Steph and Seth are all incredible and make you feel so welcome. Highly recommend this place for any new comer to Reading Terminal.Me and a friend stopped in for a plate of oysters... man that was rough. Shells were still really gritty, which isnt a huge problem in and of itself. The real issue was the oysters werent cut free from the bottom shell, so you had to bite down on it to rip it free. This resulted in your bottom teeth raking in a load of grit and debris from the shell. Yum. In their defense, the oysters were large and glistening, as should be expected. I'd pass though on my next visit to the terminal.I want to tell you something. It is something that I hope will impress upon you the severity of the food situation at Pearl's Oyster Bar.
If my own dear mother had served to me the same sulky slab of tough, bland, farm-raised salmon, or the mushy, limp salt-bombs that passed for green beans (more accurately, gray-green beans)... I would have sent it all back.
As it happened, time and social constraints dictated that I choke down enough of this "food" to calm my hunger pangs until I could get something else decent to eat.
How can a seafood restaurant, right there in the Reading Market, sharing a roof with some of the finest seafood purveyors in the city, be content to serve such subpar product? In the middle of salmon season, no less?! I wonder what they then do to this third-rate salmon to make it, bizarrely, even more dry in the center than it is in its Sahara-like edges.
How long are the green beans cooked? One hour? Two? Five?
I may never get the answers to these questions, but I know this: the meal I was served at Pearl's was an embarrassment  and an insult to the Reading Market and to what this city has to offer.
P.S. Happily, my mother has way too much self-respect to ever serve a meal even close to this college cafeteria abomination.Service was good ...  Just got oysters and they were good.... Some were meaty other were not but was fresh so that's all that matters....Breakfast was great with excellent service. Was pleasantly surprised to see grits on the menu.Don't know why we would eat breakfast at an oyster bar but this place is always packed.  Since we stayed at a hotel near Reading Terminal, we decided to try this place in the morning before the crowd arrived.
creme bulee french toast ($11) - 4 stars - big portion
granola with Greek yogurt ($7) - 4.5 stars - with sweet blackberries
3 eggs with bacon and home fries ($8.5) - 4 stars- was told $2 extra for egg whites.  Not sure why I would pay extra for them to take out my yolks unless they use box of egg whites which I do not like, so ordered sunny side up and it was cooked perfect.  Not crazy with the applewood bacon but the home fries were tasty, moist and soft inside eventhough they looked burnt and dry outside.
coffee ($2) 3 stars - just okay and did not get any refill.
$40 for 3, cash onlyWe ordered clam chowder, truffle fries, oysters, and a lobster Mac and cheese. The only reason we had one star off was because of the lobster Mac and cheese-the pasta wasn't as tasty and was kinda generic, while the lobster bits were amazing. The highlight of the meal were the truffle fries with parmesan! They were $5 but the tastiest fries I've ever gotten. The parmesan was not just dusted on the fries but deep fried with them, making them very flavorful with each bite. The clam chowder was rich and creamy, and the cup (the smaller size) actually filled the two of us up decently. I would definitely come here again out of my way just to get the fries!I eat at this place almost every time I'm in Philly! I always ask about the special-which seems to be $13-15. I went with 2 others we had Italian sausage eggs benidects, Girl Scout cookie french toast, and a fish dish (forgot the name) served with a kale and root veggie. 
The Italian sausage eggs was good nothing extremely special but good. The Girl Scout french toast was excellent!!!!!!! They take your favorite cookie and make it into french toast. Super delicious. The fish was also very fresh and savory. Served with kale and root bee his with crumbled bacon. Mmmmmm that was my favorite. 
This place is in the Redding so space is limited but it has a long counter and some seating to the side of the kitchen. The service was good. They don't do free refills on soda. Coffee & water only. 
I'll be back it seems to always the place I end up when in Philly.Food was very delicious! Staff was friendly and our waiter was polite and joked with my dad  some of the best brunch I've ever had! Despite the business of reading terminal the brunch is worth every penny, will not disappoint.Just had the pork belly Benedict breakfast
It was fantastic one of the best breakfast I have ever had.In a short visit to Phily my bestie and I dropped by the iconic Reading Terminal Market just to poke around for a few minutes. We couldn't resist a nice eatery called Pearl's. 
When we sat down we talked to the nicest guy named Ben. Ask for him he's super sweet and easy on the eyes ladies :)
We wanted oysters. done deal. 
He went through the types of oysters and their origins. Tastes and pairings of sides and dressings. We enjoyed it every much. Thanks again Ben! 
Small tid bits: theres table seating which seems rare at a large gather market, I personally love the bar style seating they have. Ok.. so its hipster they got 'em chalk boards and what not. :)I read an article about the best brunch spots in center city and this was on the list - for good reason. The counter gets packed FAST in the morning, just keep an eye out for whoever looks like they're finishing up. The service is friendly and the food reminds me of homecooking. I recommend the chicken and waffles Benedict.A good place in Reading Market to grab some oysters on the half shell. The selection of them was good as we were able to get some from British Columbia, and Cape May.This was one of the best brunches I've ever had. 
We were wandering Reading Terminal Market on a Sunday morning and we saw the specials on the board and couldn't pass up a hearty brunch. A table for 4 was empty so we walked right up, sat ourselves down, and looked over the menu. The waiter came up quickly to take our order. 
My best friend had the pumpkin cheesecake french toast special. It was incredible. The roasted pumpkin and candied pumpkin seeds really brought this dish over the edge. 
Her fiancé had the creme bruleé french toast that was also amazing. Not only were these dishes delicious but they were beautiful. 
My sweet Ben had the short rib hash Benedict with a side of cheddar grits. The red wine sauce paired perfectly with the rich hollendaise and it was great. 
As for me, I had the chicken and waffles benedict, a hybrid of my two favorite foods. The chicken was crisp and juicy and the hollendaise had a beautiful lemony kick. The sweetness from the waffle really balanced the whole dish and the grits were to die for. It was perfect. 
Each entree was no more than $12 and we were in and out in less than half an hour. What more could I have asked for?Pearl's Oyster Bar is a mainstay on the western wall of the Reading Terminal Market. This is a very popular place and serves breakfast and lunch all day.  While there are several things to recommend here, let me highlight the Fried Oyster Sliders which are so tasty.  They are served on a brioche bun with a nice cabbage pepper slaw. I could easily eat ten of them but you only get three per order.  For an extra two dollars you can have the sweet potato fires with cinnamon & sea salt.  Order these as well. And if you do, I think you will def be satisfied that you stopped by Pearl's for a bite to eat!Had a terrific omelette and home fries. All fresh ingredients - they cut up a jalapeño for it!  Seth took care of me and also gave me some habanero sauce to increase the heat. Great food and super friendly. Definitely will come again!Love Pearls! Finally tried it after a few years of walking by it during lunch breaks at Reading Terminal. Service was top notch, and the place was packed but not overbearing during a Tuesday lunch rush. 
I've heard good things about the Tuna sandwich but the thing that caught my eye was the all day brunch and the crab cakes Benedict. I had to have it! 
Crab cakes were the perfect consistency and the baguette it was placed on was deliciously crispy even after having hollandaise sauce all over it. Home fries were delicious as well! Dish came with a side of fruit sprinkled with powdered sugar to balance out the heavy meal which I thought was brilliant. 
Will return to try more!Brilliant - just brilliant! But seriously, very good food. Eggs benedicts are the winners hereFirst off, I would have to agree with others stating that the waitresses are a bit on the unhappy/grouchy side. Mister and I first sat down on the stools and placed our orders. However, we decided to move to a table as our siblings decided to join us. We told the waitress and she had a not-so-happy look on her face. At least the place wasn't packed at all and our food didn't come out yet?
Anyhow, their crab bisque is pretty good. If your eyes tend to be bigger than your stomach, order a cup instead of a bowl as the consistency of the soup tends to be on the rich side.
The raw clams are not bad, either.Took my wife up to Philadelphia on Amtrak; enjoyed a 3 day weekend.  Of course, we went to Reading Terminal Market; ate at Pearl's Oyster Bar.  The service was good; servers very friendly.  When the meal was over, I produced my credit card; they said they didn't take credit!  Seems that's a "thing" in Philadelphia.  There were no signs to that effect; they just ASSUME customers know it's cash only.  Anyways, went up to the register to pay the bill.  I ASSUMED the tip was included....I chose to eat at the Reading Terminal for my last meal in Philadelphia.  I noticed how large the counter at this place is so thought that it must be pretty good.  Looking at the Yelp reviews after I sat down, I was concerned....
Well, I had a good lunch. Snapper and sherry soup, 1/2 dozen Oysters, and the  Seafood platter (oyster, stuffed clam, crab cake, shrimp, scallop, and fillet).Had lunch here today, inclement weather left me to not wonder away too far from my hotel.  Got seats at the counter for 5 of us.  We ordered fish tacos, salmon burger, red velvet waffles and omelettes. Overall great experience, for the kids and adults. The food was very good. My salmon burger had a generous side of bbq. Chips, pickled ginger and lemon mayo. The 3 egg omelette came with generous serving of roasted potatoes and a big slice of toast. The waffle was top with fresh whipped ccreamand fresh strawberries. The fish tacos were huge, came with a salad, salsa and pico de gallo. The fish was lightly deep fried, very well seasoned. We wanted to try fish and chips but it was all out by the time we sat down to eat lunch at 1pm.Service was great. Very friendly. 
I got the Oyster Rockefeller Eggs Benedict with home fries. Delicious and different. 
Cash only. ATM near. 
They have different types of Benedicts too.This place is fantastic!  My husband and I had brunch on Sunday; he ordered the chicken and waffles benedict and I had the crab cake benedict.  We also shared 1/2 dozen oysters and he had the snapper soup.  He said the snapper soup was delicious and the oysters were very fresh but on the smaller side.  My husband raved about the food so much we just went back on Wednesday.  We ordered the fish tacos, seared scallops, and oyster sliders.  Everything was great and our waiter (I'm assuming he's the younger brother) was super nice.  He remembered us from our last visit and recommended some great dishes.  Our food was served literally within 15 minutes and everything was perfect.  We are already planning our next trip back with the entire family in tow!This is a gem in the market! The food is delicious and decently priced. Fresh oysters, a two-people portioned size omelette and fried oysters for under $30! You can't beat that!!!Who knew that Pearl's would have such a gourmet menu for breakfast?? We were checking out all the spots in the Reading Terminal and as we passed by Pearl's we were wowed by some of plates being set down at the counter.  The special was eggs benedict over a special little bread served with cheesy grits,  perfectly cooked pork belly over a basil crema with a few pickled onion sprinkled over.  Wow! Our server, Ben, was friendly and fast.  He suggested adding some "brightness" of peppers and onions to my order of a simple breakfast egg sandwich.Loved it!It's Reading Terminal Market, so this place is busy. My friend and I were able to score a table and sat with a few tattooed people (there was the tattoo convention happening right across the street) who were friendly. I love how you never know what you will see at the market. 
Although most people were getting breakfast (that looked really pretty) my friend and I got the salmon burger. What really intrigued me to order it was the wasabi aioli and the pickled ginger. Well I wasn't disappointed; it was quite tasty and came with a side salad with yummy light salad dressing. 
The staff was friendly and doing the best they could with being busy. I would totally come back.Amazing breakfast today!  I remember this place from years ago but they've expanded and added more seating and a revamped menu.  We were able to find seats at the counter and enjoyed a really good cup of coffee.  My husband got the breakfast "Jawn" special which had potatoes, peppers, onions , scrambled eggs and ham with a biscuit and topped with a spicy creole gravy. It was massive and could easily be shared by 2 people.  I got the shrimp and grits starter with a side of bacon and a side of home fries. I totally over ordered. The shrimp and grits were AMAZING. They brought me a small side of the creole gravy and I may have to make special trips to Philly just so I could have this for breakfast.  The bacon added a nice compliment to the shrimp and grits and the potatoes were good but set aside so I could focus on the rest of my food. Well done. 
It was a fun location with good service and great people watching. They also take credit cards, which must be new since many note the cash only status.Good amount of seating.  The employees are attentive and knowledgeable.  Oysters are frest but I go mostly for the crab cakes.  Best crab cake benedict i've ever had.Amazing brunch! I had the Apple Pie French toast and it may rank in my top 3 of all time. Great service, coffee and a comfy barstool on a Sunday morning...doesn't get much better than that.With only 24 hours while visiting Philly my wife and I knew as foodies that we could not leave without a visit to Reading Terminal. We arrived at the terminal around 9:30 am and the stands were just starting to open for the day. As we walked through the terminal, the wealth of wonderful smells permeated the air. We approached a few different spots and the breakfast menus didn't really have exactly what we wanted. 
We approached Pearl's Oyster Bar which was packed and quickly studied the menu. As we were reading the menu, two spots at the bar opened and we snatched them. The waitress approached us and gave us menus and took our drink order. She quickly brought me a cup of coffee and stood ready to take our breakfast order. 
I ordered the classic 3 egg breakfast that was accompanied by breakfast potatoes, toast and your choice of meat. I greatly appreciated that turkey bacon was substituted at no extra charge. Tip: If you don't want butter on your toast make sure you tell them a head of time as it comes pre-buttered. I chose scrambled eggs and they came out just how I like em, not overcooked. The breakfast potatoes were also delicious!
Overall, I really liked my breakfast at Pearl's Oyster Bar. Its situated at the entrance near Market street so you don't have to walk through the whole terminal to get to it. The staff was very polite and the prices were reasonable for a large breakfast. I would recommend this spot to anyone looking for breakfast at Reading Terminal.I discovered this spot while walking around the reading terminal market. It's all the way in the back which is nice since you get to skip over a lot of the crowd (the market gets SO crowded). My family and I got a seat immediately and we ordered half a dozen of oysters for a quick appetizer before making more stops in the market. Half the oysters were from Canada and half from the Pacific coast (can't remember where exactly). Dabbed with a little vinegar...amazing!!! Servers were also very nice and helpful in describing all the oyster options. Definitely recommend if you're an oyster lover!Based on the other reviews it appears that I had a positive experience here only because I did not try the oysters. I visited once and had the fried shrimp and scallop basket. The service was a little slow but I was part of a conference group and there were tons of people in Reading Terminal Market so that is to be expected.Came here for lunch while touring Philadelphia. The staff was friendly and knowledgable about the menu. I decided to get the New England Clam Chowder that was served with sherry and oyster crackers. The chowder was of the right thickness and did have visible clams in it along with potatoes and other soup necessities. The sherry added a nice additional layer of flavor to the soup. Having had many clam chowders, this was slightly above average, but would definitely be comforting on a cold day. I would definitely go back to Pearl Oyster Bar and try some of the other things off the menu like the oysters, seared scallops, and Maryland Crab Cakes.This has become my favorite breakfast place. The service is quick and friendly. The food is absolutely amazing. My personal favorite is the crabcake Benedict, but I have yet to have a bad dish. 
With how packed they get, you would think the food would take a while...But that is even extremely speedy. The biggest issue is fighting the crowd to get a seat!!!!!
If you come to Reading Terminal Market and don't eat here....you're truly missing out!I popped into Reading Market as I was heading out to the airport.  Albeit I was disappointed that they wouldn't serve the breakfast item STILL ON THEIR BLACKBOARD, I had a great bowl of cioppino.  The only thing this place needs is REAL PAPER napkins not these tissues for wiping a cat's nose.  Service was great.  Need fried clams with the BELLIES and I'd be all set.Phenomenal food, great service and reasonably priced. Plus you get waitress service and in the market that is a huge plus.This is a great spot in the market, great people, and as fresh as it gets.   Went recently and had a few dozen oysters, great selection, and nicely presented and quick. Their menu is concise and really solid to go along with their great raw bar.
There are definitely a few dishes i will go back and try including their diver scallops with red quinoa and their oyster slider sandwich.   Definitely a spot worth stopping and exploring.Went to the Reading Terminal Market in Philly where there are tons of different foods to choose from.  Glad I opted for Pearl's Oyster Bar.  It's like an old fashioned lunch counter, with bar stools.  There are also a few tables but we ate at the counter.  We received almost immediate service.  They have a variety of raw oysters from east and west coast.  I chose to have my oysters fried though I do love raw ones.  For some reason I only want to eat them raw in the evening with a cocktail.  There is no alcohol at this bar but you can buy beer at another part of the market and bring it to Pearl's.  My lunch consisted of about 6 fried oysters, all a nice size (not too big and not too small).  They were very good, not overdone.  They came with fries and coleslaw. The French fries had a crispy coating which was very tasty, even the coleslaw was above average.  My husband had the crab cakes which he said were OK but didn't rave about.  I'd definitely go back for oysters again.Stick with the oysters and NE Clam Chowder.  This place has a great location and some solid dishes.  Still, this is not Boston, Maine, or Newport.  I would have to rate this as a typical tourist joint.  Still the food is satisfactory, just nothing inspiring.  My recommendation:  It needs a true signature dish!  Food is about creativity, innovation, and quality.  This place is strictly middle of the road.In reading market, altijd plaats om te zitten, vriendelijk personeel. Genoeg keuze voor iedereen, hamburgers maar ook oesters, geen alcohol te verkrijgen.Located right near one of the entrances to the Reading Terminal Market gives this place great exposure but I would think they would want to capitalize on that with excellent service. I got Oysters and Shrimp cocktail which were fine, not the worst and not the best. What killed it for me was the service, I was basically ignored whenever I was trying to get the waitress's attention. This could have been forgivable had the counter been full, but there was only one other person eating at the time. The waitress was busy on her phone and didn't really look like she could be bothered. Bad form.I just sat at the end of the bar for 10 minutes with no acknowledgment or menu from bearded waiter too busy yucking it up with center counter customers.  Waiter finally came to take order from people next me, and I thought there was light in the tunnel... He then turned and walked away and still didn't give me a menu or hello. 
Beyond horrible service. Can't speak to food, was wise enough to get up and leave.Lemon Berry French toast was delish!! I would have given it 5 stars if the berries were placed evenly on the brioche or added more to the left side of the dish. Super fast service for those on the go.We were staying at the nearby Loews Hotel in this place seem to have a lot of great reviews on yelp and it was in the iconic Reading terminal market. It's basically counter service with no reservations and not any really true order to how you are seated. However the menu selection is very unique and the breakfast is simply excellent. I had the chicken and waffles Benedict and my wife have the lemon blueberry French toast. Both were sinfully Rich breakfast. They were very well prepared nicely presented an absolutely delicious. Waitress was pleasantly brash.Stopped by to grab my 7 year old a quick breakfast before heading back to NYC after a weekend in Philly. Randomly came across Pearl's Oyster Bar in the Market. Ordered French Toast to go. When we got back to the table to meet others in the family my son decided he wanted to eat what his father was having. I was "stuck" with the french toast. Can I say THANK GOODNESS! These were probably the best two slices (4 triangles) of french toast I've ever eaten! They were the thick brioche type, topped with some fresh strawberries and blueberries with a side of syrup. Absolutely delicious! I was thanking my lucky stars that my son decided to eat something else!
I can't speak on anything else they serve here but I will say that while standing by the counter waiting for our order I peaked at what others sitting down were eating...portions all looked really good size and equally delicious. Would definitely stop in again on our next visit.Decided to try this place in the reading terminal market.  Sat at the counter and service was good.  Food was very average. I had the clam chowder.  It was lacking clams and was just alright.  I also had the fish tacos.  They were huge for $10 and came with a salad.  Good deal.  They were spicy but pretty good. Overall, I'd try somewhere else next time.Really delicious breakfast. This is the second time we've eaten here and it has yet to disappoint. The grits are by far the best I have ever had. Serving sizes are generous and staff is extremely friendly. The chicken and waffles is amazing. Haven't tried the lunch yet but look forward to coming back!Stopped by the Reading Terminal for lunch- had their oyster stew and a dozen oysters!I went here twice in one weekend and the 2nd visit is really what swayed me to give it 5 stars instead of 4.
--------
1st Visit - The server was OK, pretty much left us alone the whole time.
FRIED OYSTER SCRAMBLE
Oysters were good but the eggs were way overdone.
CRAB CAKE BENEDICT
It was ok. Crab cake was too doughy and the English muffin was a bit tough.
--------
2nd Visit - server was very jubilant and excited about the food. He was enthusiastic to make sure we were happy with what we got.
RAW CHERRY STONE CLAMS
Watched them shucked and they were delicious!
FALL KALE SALAD
Kale, mandarin orange, goat cheese, toasted walnuts, pickled red onion, cranberry vinaigrette. 
Really, really good! Just a little too much greens to other toppings ratio.
MAKESHIFT SHRIMP & GRITS
We wanted to order this but it was no longer on the menu. So instead we just ordered a 3 egg breakfast with sausage and sides of grits and fried shrimp. Wasn't really their shrimp and grits but everything was SO GOOD we didn't care.The food here was amazing and thanks to server Seth we were very pleased with our choices. I had the mixed greens salad with calamari, my mother in law had the Vietnamese shrimp sandwich, and my aunt had the salmon sandwich all of which were very tasty. Thank you Seth!I dont really "go out" and eat seafood(maybe steak)....but I decided to try this place since I was in the market...I tried the crab cakes and they are to die for! EAT THE CRAB CAKES!!! AWSOME!I was w my sister in law and we were visiting during the Papal visit here in Philly. We happened to run into this place while exploring the lovely market and decided to stop by for breakfast. There was not many customers when we dropped in, but service was so slow. We stood by the cashier area for a good few minutes before someone even acknowledged us. The cashier stood in front of us doing who knows what. I understand if he was busy, but not even a greeting or courtesy "We'll be w you shortly" I personally thought he was rude. When he finally asked us to take a seat, things turned over for the better. Our server was very nice and helpful w taking our order. We got our drinks and food in a timely manner. We both ordered the Oyster Benedict. I guess bc we are from down south w plenty seafood. I thought the food was ok. Beautiful presented though.Cash only FYI. Best breakfast I've had in a very long time!!! Had the French toast special, which had orange blossom honey, strawberries, cooked apples, Greek yogurt, and granola. It was fantastic! The server was attentive and very pleasant. She said that their Benedict specials are just as good as their French toast specials. Will be back during my Philly trip this week!Wow. I can still remember the amazing taste of the fish tacos.  Definitely the best fish tacos in the City. The raw oysters were also so fresh. This place is one of the few spots in the legendary Reading Terminal that has its own counter seating. My dad and I came here for Father's Day. The server greeted us fairly quickly. We ordered a dozen raw oysters (an assortment) then got the fish tacos and fried oysters. The server accidentally gave our raw oysters to another patron who sat after us. So, we had to eat the tacos and fried oysters first, which we didn't want to do. But it was actually pretty refreshing to have the raw oysters last. The fish tacos were literally perfect. The fish was seasoned perfectly. The slaw was Godsend. My Dad and I were so impressed with the tacos (and he's a cook and a tough critic). The fried oysters were OK, but I've had better. 
The raw oysters were so fresh and well-shucked.  We liked all of them but the Barnegat Bays were the best. The pricing was also decent. It was $63 for all three items, which isn't bad considering all items were seafood. The fried oysters came with delicious fresh cut fries. The tacos came with a delicious fresh mixed green salad. We really enjoyed the experience and will definitely be back.Located in Reading Terminal, there's a counter area with seats that are usually occupied.  However, there's also a sit-down area for Pearl's also, so look out for that in case the counter seats are filled.
I tried the oyster and flounder po boys. Generous size and priced accordingly- $12, and comes with kettle chips or small salad. Of note, Beck's cafe here in Reading Terminal also has oyster po boys for about the same price (but without chips or salad).
While I was sitting here, we saw a few plates of eggs benedict being brought out that looked really appetizing. I'd definitely be interested in being back for more po boys and to try the eggs benedict. Just bear in mind that this place is cash only but if you forget, never fear, there are ATMs scattered throughout Reading Terminal.Went for an early breakfast on a Sunday morning and tried the pork roll breakfast sandwich with cheddar grits and it was fantastic! Grits were amazing.
The sandwich itself has peppers, onions and I believe spinach and a delicious Hollandaise sauce. This was my first time trying "pork roll" - slightly tangy, sliced fried meat- I would totally try it again.
Service was good. The girls were fast, efficient and friendly. The food came out pretty fast as well. Two thumbs up!Counter seating with some tables near the windows....busy place. Great for breakfast, brunch, and lunch. Inside the reading terminal....across from the cookie place.  Near the Marriott downtown.
Service was quick and efficient. Menu has a variety of choices...check the specials on the board. I had the crab cake plate...two cakes with side salad (overly dressed). Crab cake was delicious! 
Nice location to people watch...I had the pork belly benedict with cheddar grits and poached eggs. Yum to the max. I thought the portions were really small for the price tho and not enough bread to sap up the yummy egg yoke. The waiters also sucked. They were not happy or even friendly. Food was good but you won't get a warm fuzzy feeling.My review is solely based on the crab & lobster bisque and the iced tea. I thought the bisque was delicious but could of used a little more crab and lobster. The iced tea is home made and sweetened perfectly and went perfectly with my piece of fried chicken that I had gotten from Delilah'sOh god. For some reason I was so excited to come here because I hadn't yet found an oyster place in Philly. Maybe I was way too excited, but the oysters were BLEH. It didn't taste like anything, even with the lemon! 
I tried to redeem the place by getting the mixed seafood platter, but even that was pretty flavorless. Fries were dry. 
The one redeeming quality of Pearl's though, was our server. She was suuuper sweet and even took the time to recommend stuff to me. Unfortunately, the food just didn't measure up.This place had great scrapple! Some of the best I've had besides my mom lol. The atmosphere is expected given the location but the service was good and the server was attentive.So many options at reading terminal! At Pearl's we just had oysters and raw clams. I have never had raw clams before and trying them here made me realize I am definitely not a raw clam fan. It seemed fresh but maybe a little too fresh for me; I prefer them cooked. For the oysters, we had: compass point (WA), Blue and Barnstable (MA). The oysters were all good and fresh but the compass were my favorite; light crisp taste that's easy to eat.All time seafood counter service diner with in the reading terminal market. I had a crabcake sandwich with fries which was pretty good. I saw others with fish and chips oysters stew, shucked oyster, that Makes me want to go back next time I'm in that neck of the woods. Waitress was very friendly and efficient. Good spot for  tourists Who are not into cheesesteaks and big meat sandwichesPearl's has a new chef! As a result, they now make non-fried versions of the seafood, including the broiled scallops I am currently enjoying. At $15, they are not cheap, but the scallops themselves and their accompaniment- a mix of Jersey sweet corn, red quinoa, applewood bacon, key lime, and roasted cherry tomatoes - are incredibly tasty. Seriously, this corn salad is one of the best things I've ever eaten. If you want to splurge on lunch, I recommend this place, and this dish!
PS - Pearl's also makes delicious, rich, and filling breakfasts! I love the eggs Benedict with cheesy grits.I was there for lunch one Thursday while on a break from a bunch of errands and was disappointed by the fact that they were out of New England clam chowder.  However, I found a new love in the shrimp and corn chowder.  Thank you for running out of my default first choice as I had the best lunch I've had in a long time.
My next lunch will be shrimp and corn chowders and a plate of oysters.Waitress was outstanding. Food was quick and was good for the price. You can order breakfast or dinner at anytime. Sitting is limited. Also they only take cash but the ATM was right there. Still important to know.I stopped here for brunch on a Sunday morning as I was walking through the market with my girlfriend. I got the crab cake Benedict and it was delicious. The crab cake had great flavor and plenty of crab and was not just filler or potato like you find at a lot of places. My girlfriend had and omelet and was equally satisfied with her food.Constantly updating their menu with awesome items and they now ACCEPT credit cards! I had their chicken and waffles Benedict today and it's amazing! Gotta check this place out!Really some of the best fried calamari, fries...and gazpacho I've had in a long time. And GF on the batter (tho not the fryer.) friendly. Fast. Good job!Best oatmeal I've had in a long time and at only $6 it was a great bargain. Even with plenty of seating the places gets packed on the weekends or during conventions and with only one real diner remaining in all of center city this place is a godsend. The staff is very friendly but if you're a whining millennial you're better off going someplace else.5 stars for location, great service, value, fast and friendly server, and amazing food!
After walking the whole entire Reading Terminal Market, I finally found Pearl's. I was searching for eggs Benny. Pearls is a diner style oyster bar serving brunch and of course, Benny's. Despite the 3.5 rating, I gave in to the feign and ordered me a crabcake Benny. 
Crabcake Benny - served atop toasted baguette, home style potatoes on the side. WOWserrrrs!  Best Benny I've ever had in my life! Poached eggs and lumped crabcakes mouthwatering and cooked to perfection without the fishy smell or taste. I've died and gone to crab heaven. 
Next time, I will get the chicken and waffle Benny because that looked amazing too.Pearl's Oyster Bar is always my "appetizer" course when coming to the Reading Terminal.  On this visit, I got two dozen top necks and the crab chowder.  I sat at the almost empty counter right in front of the servers, one who was eating a 6 pack of deviled eggs for some reason.  Both looked to be studying textbooks.  Big pet peeve of mine; a customer is there and you ignore them to do something you should on your own time.  Had to watch this throughout my meal.  Soup needed salt desperately and the top necks were the length of a ladies pinkie finger.  PLUS, they raised the price to $10/dozen.  To top this enchanting meal off, I requested that they stamp my parking lot ticket ($4 for 2/hrs - a great deal).  I get back to the garage and the waitress didn't stamp it!  What a B.  She owes me $6 bucks.terrible service
waitress went out of her way to ignore us
don't waste your time with this place
there's lots better service and food anywhere else in the market
but if you want the experience of being ignored and completely unacknowedged
then this is the place for you!Good for breakfast. Nothing fancy. Taste good. Good service and reasonable price and time. RecommendedI've started having breakfast here on a regular basis recently and I'm a big fan. The staff is friendly, knowledgeable, and knows my order before I even sit down. Best service at the terminal. Highly recommend.Great food everyone we come! The specials are always unique and awesome! The portions are big enough of share! Can't say enough about this place! We come a little and are never disappointed!Who gets oysters in the morning? I do! Oysters here were amazing. I also tried their Scrapple, which was pretty good. Carlos' breakfast skillet looked great and tasted even better! Staff here was polite. This was a great way to start my morning!We enjoyed ; but maybe the difference is that we did not have any of the fried food mentioned in the other (lower rated) reviews
Wife and I  shared  new england clam chowder and lobster bisque and steamed clams; soup GREAT; clams mediocre / tuff
Service very quickA friend and I went to Pearl's Oyster Bar for our first brunch date of the semester. My friend ordered Belgian waffle with berries , berries compote, and whipped cream. I ordered a Belgian waffle with powdered sugar and whipped cream with a side of cheese grits . The waffles were so sweet and soft that it didn't need syrup . The waffles were definitely the type of waffles I love to eat . The cheese grits were fabulous, so nice and creamy with white cheddar cheese on top . I am from the south and coming up north to a place that makes creamy delicious grits that makes me feel like I'm at home. No complaints herewas in philly for democratic convention and found myself back at this place two times for breakfast. It's amazingly good.How do you rate a single star? Your food is mediocre and da service da suck. Not to mention when the management can't muzzle the pitbull wait staff whose primary noun in every sentence was motherf***r whether it was a patron or passer-by, it is a wonder this place is still in business. Especially considering the open air market that is Reading Terminal Market.Upon the flight attendant's advise, we ate breakfast at Pearl's Oyster Bar in the Reading Market. We ate the Chicken & Waffle Benedict and the Oysters Rockefeller Benedict. Both were excellent. Don't miss eating here. And don't miss wandering the Reading Market.Stopped here for breakfast. It was deceiving because it is an oyster bar, but it was very good. The Benedict sandwiches were very good all around. Home fries were seasoned well and crispy, very good. Definitely recommend if you're looking for a quick sit down breakfast.Oysters were good, had a dozen of the Chesapeake Bay Gold. The problem was it took the waiter 15 mins. to walk them over 20 feet. When I was finished, the waiter was staring at me so I raised the bill and cash in the air signaling I was ready to square up. With a stone cold look in his face he shook his head "NO" and from across the restaurant pointed at the register. WTS, I'd rather tip the guy who actually shucked the oysters he did move work. $28.00 for a dozen is expensive, expected with city prices.  By the way porn mustaches aren't cool, TOOL....
One an DONESticky table (hate when I feel like in need a shower when I leave a restaurant) service average (forgot knife & fork, no checking back for coffee) no gluten free bread (expected, but served corn muffin with gluten after asking about GF bread) omelet with fried taters good, VERY AVERAGEGreat breakfast!  My last day in Philly and we decided to eat all day in the market.  We at at pearls   There is no list so you just have to wait for someone to finish and then you have to jump in their seat. I had the crab cake Benedict.  Very tasty. It was in italian bread not the usual english muffin. The crab cake was very good. The home fries were more like potato wedges than home fries. The service was great. Recommend it to anyone looking for a decent breakfast.Pearl's has an amazing breakfast. The daily french toast or Benedict are delicious. An oyster bar that does amazing breakfasts? say what!! I think every meal I have had here has been just over the moon. The french toast do lean toward the sweet side so beware but what do you expect when you order tiramisu french toast.  The staff if especially friendly. 
Recommend: Chicken and Waffle Benedict. It is one of my favorite breakfast meals ever.Went to Pearls for the first time yesterday during our lunch break at the convention center Tony Robbins event.  I had Wellfleet oysters and some shrimp and the soup of the day which was a thai fish soup.  One of my friends had crab cakes, oysters and snapper soup.  The Oysters where top notch, all super fresh, shrimp cocktail was fresh and firm.  The Thai soup special was a little different than I am used to with the mint, but I loved it.  I also tried Snapper soup for the first time, apparently it's a philly thing.  I thought it was Red Snapper, but it's actually snapper turtle!  Added some sherry in there and loved it.  Great Spot- go get some deliciousness!Every time I'm in Philadelphia, I try to get to Pearl's. Great selection of raw oysters. And equally delicious oyster stew. After filling my belly at Pearls, then get the pleasure of wandering the market.Haven't been to Reading Terminal in years, thought I'd stop in for lunch. Started with the fresh made iced tea. Then got one of my all time favorites, Snapper soup. It was delicious, full of flavor and lots of Snapper meat. Also they had those huge Oyster crackers I love. Waitress was nice enough, the place was packed though so I can't complain. Talked to the small but very informative manager Dave, he recommended  I try the Oyster Sliders. Perfectly fried, great sauce and the oysters were huge. I liked it a lot and I left stuffed. Definitely a place I need to stop at more often for lunch, I'll have to try some of the raw oysters next time. I can see why this place is a Reading Terminal staple, fresh delicious seafood and relatively inexpensive considering I went next store and payed $5 for an ice cream cone at Bassetts afterwards. Make sure to give this place a try if you're every in the Market!I would say 3.5 stars actually, but I almost always round down.
We also got some lobster bisque from Pearl's Oyster Bar - it came with giant chunks of fresh lobster, and what looked to be giant homemade crackers?  The soup and the crackers were both really good.  It's not the best I've ever had, but I would recommend it to someone.Cheap Oysters! I don't get all these poor reviews for service. I have learned that reading terminal isn't exactly a Michelin 3 star restaurant. The staff was efficient and nice enough. My uncle even brought his DiNics sandwich in while we ate a dozen oysters, a oyster po'boy and fried clams. The bill was like $30-40 bucks for 3 people. CHEAP and GOOD! Our only complaint was we wanted Martini's with our Oysters.What a great place to eat. Had crab cake Benny - so good and came with aged cheddar grits. Great service too. The only problem was trying to choose one thing to eat-so many good choices and specials too.Great oysters and great variety. 
Truffle fries nice and hot. 
Try the Cioppino very good. Good amount of seafood. 
Had we had white linens it would have scored a 5
You can grab a beer from other merchants and they will let you enjoy it with your food.NO CARDS TAKEN/Cash Only.We've been sitting at the counter for at least 20 minutes with multiple servers passing us by. After that amount of time our Drink order was taken (2waters and 1 OJ) but we were informed that we couldn't place our food order because two food orders had just been placed and our order would overwhelm the cook. Those were the same two orders that were taken before from patrons who arrived AFTER US. 
Too thick, cheesy grits. Bacon sandwich was okay. Never going back. Very poor customer service.Veggie Benedict was great. My fiancé had the crab cake Benedict and that was equally as good. Home fries were some of the best I've had. Service was friendly and quick. Prices were average for breakfast. They offer sit down seating which can be hard to find in the Reading House Terminal.We went there yesterday for lunch since we were at a trade show at the convention center. We were going to grab a cheesesteak at the one spot down the isle from this place, but the line was too long so we grabbed the two seats available at Pearl's. We sat down and my first impression was MEH. The counter was dirty, which the waitress did eventually wipe down when she gave us the menus. The menu doesn't offer much, so not in a seafood mood, I went w/ the chicken tender platter. It came out in maybe 15 mins, not too shabby. Some of the fries were undercooked, some weren't. The chicken tenders were quite good. Not the run of the mill you get at a local bar or dinner. I can't comment on the cole slaw since I hate that stuff anyway. My lunch partner didn't complain about his fried oysters, so I'm guessing he enjoyed them (he tends to be picky). Overall it was pretty good. However it's not a "you have to try this place" eatery. I found the price to be rather fair as well. 
Our waitress was quite nice and pleasant.If you love oyster stew like I do, then you know that finding a place that serves oyster stew is a reason for getting excited. If you find the oyster stew to be delicious, then you have reason to celebrate. 
Pearl Oyster Bar is a renowned name in NYC for an award winning restaurant. There is also a Pearl's Oyster Bar in Oakland, Ca. and in Oklahoma City that is outstanding, according to reviews and awards  they have won. Do not confuse this Pearl's Oyster Bar to any of the outstanding well known and loved restaurants sharing the same name. 
If you are going to use a particular food in your name, then to succeed you had better get it right.  The oyster stew comes in one size, which was shy of a pint and cost me over nine dollars with tax.
The broth was thin, watery, no oyster liquor kick, a film of butter swam to the top ( the only plus ), void of any seasoning whatsoever. I mean piss on those packets of salt and pepper, I need shakers of the stuff.  The clincher was the five, large whole oysters, that were so tough and chewy, I just wanted to spit them back out.
Pearl's Oyster Bar has one of the larger counters with plenty of seating inside the Reading Terminal Market.  Bowls full of very stale oyster crackers adorn the counter.  
They proudly display a tempting menu which also includes NE clam chowder, snapper soup and a lobster bisque with crab.  
They are part of the Terminal's seven dollar meal plan, where here you can have a cup of soup, a sandwich and a medium drink.  When I went, it was clam chowder, a fried cod roll with fries and the drink.
In addition, they serve broiled or fried fish, shrimp, raw oysters, fried clams and more.
I am not saying I will not give them another chance, but I know for sure, I will not be having the oyster stew.The name of the place almost put me off at first.  I wanted a good old fashioned bacon and eggs breakfast.  I wasn't interested in any exotic dishes involving fish, molusscs or crustaceans.  I love seafood, but not for breakfast. 
However, the counter was already full of diners and a quick look at the menu showed that they were serving what we were looking for  - at least for breakfast.
We sat down at the counter and in less than minute the server cleared away dishes from previous diners and took drink orders.
I ordered the Yogurt and granola parfait. My companion ordered the Classic 3 egg breakfast.
Service was very quick. My order arrived in just a few minutes, and the 3 Egg Breakfast showed up shortly after.
The Yogurt Parfait was very tasty.  The fresh fruit on top was not absolutely right-off-the-tree fresh, but its the end of November in Philadelphia.   It had clearly been made to order,  since the granola was still crunchy all the way to the bottom.
My companion was very happy with his meal.  His OJ appeared to be fresh squeezed - it was at least very fresh. Generous portions,  eggs done just right, and excellent breakfast potatos. His only criticism was that the bacon was a bit bland.  A very minor complaint for an otherwise satisfying breakfast.
The bill came to $22.00 for two people, which I thought was reasonable.
Would go back, and would recommend to friends looking for a quick satisfying diner breakfast with speedy, cheerful service.I was distracted by distracting business conversation but this place was awesome - amazing service and amazing food. I got the gourmet-est oatmeal I've ever had and shared decadent banana & whipped cream French toast with my breakfast partner. I was also served as much coffee as I wanted.We went for breakfast during the DNC. WOW. Unbelievable food, friendly and efficient service. If in Philly make Pearl's the go to.The food here is so so SO good!!! I had the crab grilled cheese and tomato soup  10/10 would eat here again. Plenty of seating, good drink options, decent prices. The only con is that the service was a little lacking, the girls working there seemed distracted and short. Overall a great experience!!Decent clam chowder and fish tacos in Reading Terminal Market.  There was a space for customers to dine in, and our waitress was super friendly.One of the best breakfasts around if you are a seafood lover and the oysters Rockefeller eggs Benedict is just mind blowing . Their conventional breakfast is really well put together as well if seafood isn't your thing.  The servers are friendly and on point as well and constantly check up on you even when they are busy. Highly recommend this place. I make it a point to eat here every time I visit the Reading Terminal.Rule of thumb when looking for a spot for breakfast / brunch, always go where the line is. Well that is pretty much the rule of thumb when seeking a good place to eat.
You'll be waiting for a bit, but the food is worth it. Tip: When you do see someone about to leave, make sure to stand behind the seat to claim your throne. But the same time, don't be like a shadow.
As for the food, I had the Chicken and Waffle Benedict. The kitchen was very efficient, therefore bringing out your food pretty fast. The crisp chicken definitely had the crunch you crave for while the meat very soft, tender and juicy. Mixed it all up with the eggs, belgian waffle, honey tabasco and hollandaise, you'll definitely have an awesome party with your taste buds.
The service can get slow because of how busy this place can be, however they are very attentive as best they can. There are some larger tables for bigger parties, but don't expect to bring a whole company. 
As all the restaurants in Reading Terminal, the ambiance is loud, busy and chaotic at times, but I love it.
Yes, I'm definitely a fan.We came to check out the reading market while in Philly. As soon as we walked in, pearls oyster bar is right by the front door. I look at the specials board and see pork belly Benedict. Boy I'm glad we stopped it was delicious. Nothing more to say. Friendly  fast and excellent.Went here for the first time yesterday and everything was great! Service was good and quick and the food was amazing.
I got truffle fries and scallops.. both were SO good.
I am looking forward to going back.Friendly service and fresh seafood. Their oyster sliders were delicious. And their raw oysters were so clean and shucked to perfection.Great breakfast, convenient, fast and friendly service. Located inside the Reading terminal.Wish I could give this place zero or negative stars. Oysters were so-so. Service was horrible. After waiting for like 5 min to be acknowledged  I had to change the order and make it "to go". The blond girl gave a dirty look and rolled her eyes at me. Seriously?? All you needed to do was just toss the puny shells into a container...  Nasty wait staff even for Philly standards. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY BY EATING HERE.What a major disappointment!!! We paid $21.50 for two small containers of oyster stew that included 4 oysters each in a watery butter sauce that was absolutely tasteless. What happened? We drove into the city on a crowded post holiday afternoon to enjoy the Reading Terminal and to experience the Oyster Bar and,what we were led to believe, this signature stew. Never again!!!Breakfast with a picky 9 year old is never easy. When she's tired and you wake her up and make her walk to breakfast, it can be downright dangerous... Salted caramel French toast to the rescue! And my breakfast sandwich was yummy and big as my head, it's gonna be a good dayOver all I'd say that the quality of the Atlantic Oysters was the best thing about my experience at  Pearl's Oyster Bar. The staff was moderately friendly and adequately attentive, but didn't excel in either area. The atmosphere of the Reading Terminal Market is a big sell. Pearl's is nestled away in a corner that provides a nice vantage point to observe the hustle and bustle of the market. The price of the oysters seemed to me to be a bit outrageous. If you are looking for Atlantic oysters while visiting Philly, might I recommend "The Oyster Bar." During happy hour you can enjoy $1 Oysters that are equal to the quality you'd find at Pearls but at a fraction of the price.The Banana Bacon French Toast is like Bananas Fosters in the form of french toast.  It was AMAZING!  Eat it.  It's probably about 2000 calories so you can't really think about that if you dine here.  The eggs benedict was excellent too.  Service was fast and friendly.  Enjoy!!Waffle and home fries. Great service.
Seating for more than 1-2 people can be challenging, but if you are patient, it can be achieved.First time in Philadelphia and looking for something to eat, walked over to the Reading Terminal (which is a must). Found Pearls Oyster Bar, thought there was only lunch or dinner but oh baby. They serve breakfast too. 
Try the eggs Benedict, they are very good, soft bread with house potatoes. So good that we ate there twice. 
I should probably try other items on the menu but I am a creature of habit. Stop by and give them a tryMy boyfriend got the seabass and it was incredible. The sides (cheesy grits, green beans and some type of tomato pepper) went with it well. The sauce in the seabass was phenomenal. He definitely picked well. I had fish tacos and they were decent. The staff were friendly. It's located inside the Reading Terminal Market. There's so much food to choose from!I had some decent oysters which were decent being near the coast. They were a little expensive for what I got.Grab a beer at the bar down the hall and eat a dozen or so oysters at pearls. Tasty treats with several varieties. Perfect spot to people watch.Had breakfast here the other day with my wife. When it comes to Reading Terminal I have a few go too's depending on what I'm in the mood for and when I want breakfast or seafood Pearl's is my first choice. The lunch counter makes eating convenient and you can't beat the food. Would definitely recommend.Freshest Seafood in town! My fiance and I went to Pearl's Oyster Bar to try out their new brunch menu this weekend and we absolutely fell in love and found our new favorite brunch spot in the city. I ordered the Breakfast Po'Boy, never even heard of a breakfast version of a Po'Boy until Pearls Oyster Bar and I was not disappointed. The cajun shrimp was cooked to perfection and the combination with the fresh bread and eggs and cheese was amazing! To wash that down I ordered the Lobster Bisque, which actually had fresh and generous portions of real lobster! Although brunch, my fiance had to order the calamari cobb salad as it had her two favorite ingredients, fried calamari and bacon! The presentation of the salad was top notch which was only outdone by the amazing freshness and quality of the salad. Highly recommend this place, you have to try out their new menu! I am going back next weekend to try their new bacon, banana french toast!I had the Creme Brule French toast. Not as fancy or as thrilling as it sounds. Regular french toast lightly drizzled with syrup and whipped cream and berries plopped on top. I actually had to look for the custard they said was there and it had very little syrup. Definitely order eggs or sausage for a side as this alone is not enough food. The restaurant is lively, being in the market and sitting at the counter is great for people watching.I'm having breakfast here, and having a scrumptious omelette!  The service is great too!!Good breakfast, in a locale where there are only 3 sit-down breakfast places.  Bad service drops my starred reviews, however.
Seat yourself. Got it. Grab my own menu. Okay, as I had to discover this. After a few minutes of watching, I figured I better grab somebody for water. Done.  Before the girl could say good morning (as I was ready to order), she walked away, like she had better things to do. I watched her refill napkin dispensers for ~10 minutes before she came back. Really? 
When my food came, it was good.  I got a breakfast special.  I dunno why I didn't try something like shrimp and grits, as this was an oyster bar.  Nevertheless, regular toast (in which I had to run down service for jelly), good bacon, good eggs, interesting-tasting grits.It has been said that their fish tacos are the best anywhere. Well, that's not true - Broderick in California has better. But are they really good? Absolutely.
Even when the Terminal is packed, there always seems to be a seat available. The servers come by quickly, even if they aren't always excited to see you. Businesslike but not chatty, that's how I'd put it.
I'd like to say that the fried clam sandwich was great but they were out of clams! Horrors! However the fish and chips ordered in its place were excellent. The fish was just this side of underdone. And since fish that is just beyond underdone is done perfectly, that was a big win. Oft-times the fish in fish and chips can be dry and uninspiring - not the case here.
Oyster sandwich has a tiny bit of kick from the added green stuff. Went down well.
Be aware that they come by to take your money sometimes and other times you're supposed to pay at the register.First time in Philadelphia ( LOVE!).  Once I discovered Pearl's and their cheesy grits with a poached egg that is where I had breakfast for the rest of my stay!  Service was terrific and the food even better!  Shout out to Meagan our waitress and to all who work there!Stopped in at the counter to grab a quick dozen oysters. They did not have them listed on the menu so the waitress ran down the six they had so I opted for two of each. They quickly came out and were served with a rather simple mignonette, no shallots or pepper, and some prepared horseradish and cocktail sauce. 
The oysters were pretty good except for one which did not taste very fresh. Service was good.I've walked past this place too many times to mention in Reading Terminal market and finally decided to stop by to satisfy a seafood kick. Don't let the no frills appearance fool you, this place is legit seafood and is not expensive. I got 1/2 dozen oysters for $16, the waitress suggested a mix (2 of 3 diff types) since I didn't have a preference. Secondly I followed this up with the Scallops...these were pan seared which I was excited about but the menu said it would come with quinoa, bacon, etc. I was expecting bland/lame quinoa but what arrived was a type of quinoa salad with bacon, veggies and herbs...the pan seared scallops were on top. This place did not disappoint and I will be back again. A good place to satisfy a quick seafood fix in the city.I didn't have the oysters, but I tried the country-style cod which was basically fish & chips. The fish was fresh and crispy, and the coleslaw was unexpectedly good.Surprisingly creative and elegant menu given the non-assuming setting.  Been here for both breakfast and lunch...everything's delicious.  You should eat here. Period.Must have... Day Boat Sea Scallops... Fabulous!  Clam Chowder... Fabulous!   Counter service at Reading Terminal Market... Fabulous!This place is a quick oyster place (for me), but definitely not worth it unless you are craving and short on time.  I have been to this place twice, one time as a tourist and another time is today (when i needed a quick bite).  I ordered 1/2 dozen of malpeque oyster, oyster stew, and flounder sandwich. The malpeque was ok, I really wanted oyster for the past few days so it was more to stop a crave.  The oyster stew is nothing special, just onions, scallion, and some oyster. I much rather take the New England clam chowder any day.  The flounder sandwich however was huge! They gave me two huge pieces of fried fish, lettuce and tomato (refer to photo). The meal overall was filling, but its not delicious. If I wasn't crunch on time, I probably would have consider any other place in the terminal.Ate there today.  Place was hopping because of the last day of the Flower Show.  I've gotten more and more disappointed with Pearl's Oyster Bar.  I've been coming here for years.  They used to serve cherry stones (raw) but now they are top necks.  A lot smaller calm for the same price.  I can't say anything about the other menu items (maybe 8 -10 in all) becasue there are a lot better things to eat at the terminal that are fresher and less fried.
I don't blame the waitresses.  I've almost never had a bad one.  They are now attempting this kitschy '50s apron thing which is kind of silly.  I blame the owners for letting quality go down.Why i love the Pearl? Great budget friendly breakfast love the chicken waffles benedict or even your custom omelet, and whats even great are the eye candy, yes the men serving you are hot as your coffee hahahaha i know how else can you complain? Breakfast with hot guys is a perfect morning come see for yourselves.Been here a few times and it's always great, fast service and delicious food. Pearl's has awesome seafood, as you would expect, but they also serve great breakfast/brunch and the French Toast is phenomenal.Best fried oysters I have ever tasted. Fresh and tasty!I had the Scrapple open faced breakfast sandwich, now this was my first experience with scrapple and it was delicious. The crunchy exterior and soft meaty inside is amazing. Eggs were perfectly cooked and the potatoes where even betterWow, this place got hammered in the reviews.  I feel like I dodged a bunch of landmines without consulting Yelp first.  This place had one of the larger dining counters and I was starving...so I figured this would suffice as the first stop on a long day of gluttony.  They were doing a lot of takeout business as well.
On the recommendation of the waitress, I went with the trout platter.  It consisted of two trout fillets, breaded and fried, with coleslaw, fries, and a roll.  I liked it.  Granted, I like most fried seafood and my standards are low.  The coleslaw and fries were non-memorable.  I also had a cup of the lobster bisque.  It was good...loaded with lobster, creamy, and good flavor.  Washed it down with their sweet tea.  Can't knock a place for having decent sweet tea.  Came out to 15 bucks.
Service was good and the food came out right away.  I'd come back to this place...granted, I didn't have any of what everyone else was complaining about.  Maybe I should...I like to live dangerously.Stopped in on a recommendation of a friend. 
Had fish n chips for lunch.
Wonderful! ! Maybe my all time favorite. 
Steph, my server, was great.
Attentive, knowledgeable and kind.
Love her!.
Will make this a "must" when in Philly.I was beginning to think there wasn't a dud in the Reading- I was wrong. Food here was very average. Service was attentive, but forgot my snapper soup. No biggie really as things happen during busy periods. What really made this place awful- Cash Only. The cashier made me feel like an idiot when I handed him a credit card. I asked where the cash only sign is and he said its on the menu. So I grabbed a menu and at the very bottom of the menu in small print it's in there. I mean seriously, they want to be cash only but they don't want you to know that. I felt duped. Stay away.Sat down for a quick lunch ..in town for convention across street. ..really fresh fish tacos, fish & chips. Seth, one of the owners mentioned scallops over a sweet potato hash...deliciousThe best way to described these oysters... they taste like the exercise montage from the first Rocky movie. YES, I WENT WITH A ROCKY comparison. This beautiful rebounding rusted city, also happens to have equally gritty and in your face oysters. As touristy as Reading Terminal Market may be, the Pearl Oyster Bar offers everything but touristy oysters.
These oysters have a briny and very, very marshy flavor. They taste like the water they grow in. Similar to the feel and look of North Philadelphia, which by all means is a compliment. Although, I do enjoy NY's Blue Point Oysters, they're very safe. These Philly oysters have attitude and character. Some of them are as sweet and loving as Adrian. Others are a little bit tougher to love, kind of like Paulie. While the best ones resemble the hero Rocky Balboa... they don't look like much but they have it where it counts. Full of flavor, retaining that marshy goodness but providing that healthy dose of briny bite or should I say "South Paw". The oysters may be from Prince Edward Island, but they've adopted Philadelphia's character.Quick service with a smile, very good fried oysters and flounder.  Fries were perfect, the coleslaw was creamy, and seating was plentiful on a Thursday afternoon.  Highly recommended!This place is awesome.
I thought it was mainly seafood, which I dont care for, so never bothered to check this place out. Until I saw......
Chicken and waffle Benedict?? (It was delicious)
My fiance is super picky about grits, these I think are the first ones he's had in philly like, "wow. Baby try these, they're awesome."
Fresh squeezed oj & really good rye toast & awesome small bar diner seating & service is quick efficient and happy. 
Will definitely be back, a little pricier than a diner but totally worth it - and they serve breakfast all day!!!Cash only. Had the flounder po'boy; it was great! Fresh crispy fish, savory sauce, fresh veggies, and a buttered toasted roll. Will get again.Poorly shucked, poor accompaniments; for an "oyster bar", the raw oysters are absolutely terrible and overpriced. The shells were filthy. All I went for was raw oysters, and theirs were so bad I had to use my pepsi cup of soda-machine-water to wash the dirty taste from my mouth.Echo on DJ M's review. It was the worst food ever in my LIFE. And being a foodie like every one else on Yelp, that's a big statement. 
My lunch (for two) included:
*oyster stew - taste like, cream+lots of unfitered water = gross
*fish soup with sherry - pieces of fish or anything else for that matter is no where to be seen
*broiled blue - tough flesh, with a hint of fishy-stink
My bf and I took few bites out of each dish, turned blue, paid $30 (!) and left with 90% of the food still on pates. I felt sorry for ourselves  -  for the first time in a loooong while.Sweet amalias
That's all I have to say
And also: Jessica. The most attentive and most knowledgeable. Thank youStopped here after wondering through reading terminal market looking for breakfast before walking around the city. My friend ordered the French toast which smelled delicious. She said it tasted even better. I ordered the egg sandwich and customized it a bit. Was also very good. Would definitely come back!!It was hot outside and I had been taking in all the history Philadelphia has to offer. I was in need of refreshment and unbeknownst to me oysters!
I stumbled across Pearl's with the thought of having a beer to cool down. Well as it turns out they do not sell beer but they do have a surprising selection of oysters. I sat down at the counter where a heavily tattooed gentleman eyed me up and down, perhaps sensing my dismay over the lack of my favorite beverage. I ordered an assorted dozen of his choice and a water (they say water is good for you). 
The oysters were Fresh, Fresh, Fresh and cold with both local and Canadian varieties well represented. Horseradish and lemon were abundant along with Frank's Hot sauce (I put that shit on everything!).
Overall cool service, fresh oysters and a gritty (pun intended) atmosphere but a little pricey. 
I'll visit again next time in Philly!
Cheers!The food was good - not my normal taste for breakfast but the waitress was helpful and extremely nice!Great waffle !  Sitting behind the counter with a view of all the Saturday people going by   Feel like  we are on a stage with a big production number and cast of thousand extras   Having oysters of corse sweet Amelia from NJ  little niches from Chesapeake Va   Only take cashWorst oyster ever had. Not fresh and it's not cheap either... I rather spent more money for better quality oysters ...Despite the name, you can sit down and have a pretty good breakfast. You get the basics no frills and for heaven sakes don't ask for decaf coffee. I did and was told I could go next door to the coffee shop and bring it back! So good tip if you need decaf stop and get it on your way here. I got the classic breakfast and was happy with it. Bacon, eggs, toast and potatoes. The potatoes, honestly, that is why I did not give 5 stars. They had a strange seasoning on then and there was just way too many of them. I'm from Pittsburgh so get that crap off of them and put some brown gravy on them and wow! The best! 
Go early on Saturday or Sunday to get a seat at the bar for the best service!Was in Philadelphia for a volleyball tournament and was looking for a place close by for breakfast and decided to give Pearls a try. It's all counter seating with 2 or 3 tables. The waitress was very nice and the service was fast. The servings are big.Service is fast and food is good. Two Turkey bacon, 3 eggs, grits and an english muffin. This classic dish is so good. Too many eggs for me but good. I always get them over easy. The gritz is creamy and cheesy. So freaking good. I think I am a brunch snob. Lol. Coffee is very strong here. Get ready for some caffeine overload. Lol.
Parking is so hard to find. But once you get parking, walk around. Tons of stuff going on.Came here for the first time as well to try out some fresh oysters.
Service was really nice and pricing overall wasn't so bad for six oysters for around $17.
The oysters were very fresh and we definitely recommend the Wellfleets if they have them available. Besides that, we're still giving them 3 stars since the oysters had some grit (probably from shucking) and the water we got definitely had remnants of lemonade or whatever ever other drinks comes out from the same fountain.
Overall, definitely stop by for the oysters if you're in the area; we've had better, but the selection here is good and worth it.3 1/2 stars really.  Stopped in for lunch and found the service to be terrific and the food good; we ordered the fish and chips (it's haddock), salmon burger, salad, and hamburger. Hand cut fries would make it 4 stars.I got the fried oyster Benedict which was very tasty however in general this place is over priced. Half dozen raw oysters were $18, I used to get $1 Blue point oysters in NYC. Granted they were from Long Island so you didn't have to worry about that, however I wouldn't pay more than $12 for a half. 
This was the only seafood place I saw in Reading terminal and I was really craving some seafood.We were searching for a healthy breakfast inside Reading Terminal Market and came across the menu here. We sat at one of the counter seats and ordered the oatmeal, yogurt, and fried oyster scramble.
Everything was very good, especially the fried oysters which were huge. I was expecting about 5 or 6 medium sized fried oysters, instead it was 3 ginormous fried oysters. Needed at least 3-4 bites each to digest.