Absolutely wonderful food & service! Go there for lunch/dinner with my boyfriend at least once every two weeks. Prices are very much reasonable. Weekends get pretty packed so may have to wait a little bit but that's never an issue for us. Always get the Indian Pancake & the Hainanese Chicken or Curry Chicken. Other dishes are delicious as well. Never get tired of it!I've been coming to this place for years now, and even though I now live in Colorado, I come back here every time I'm in Philadelphia for work (which is often). I've tried many items on the menu and many were great, portions are generous, and prices are low. My go to item - Indian Mee Goreng, I can eat that every day of the week if I could, it's that good. Maybe one day I can get the recipe from the manager so I can actually do that on days I'm in CO.I always walk pass this place but decided to finally give it a try because of the reviews and the price. Overall, as someone already stated they have great apps but the entrees are left to be desired.
Considering each entree costs ~$8, you get what you pay for. I ordered the Pad Thai and it was bad. Way too sweet with no spicy kick to it. We also ordered the Seafood Crispy Noodles, Pearl Noodles, and a Beef rice dish. All were really mediocre. The Indian pancakes and chicken satay apps were great though. Idk why the entrees were so lackluster. I'm sad I didn't enjoy it more but I'm glad the total was cheap for a night out.The Penang chicken with the chicken flavor infused white rice will always be one of my favorite meals. Wether in Boston or in Philly, the quality is the same and I am a huge fan. When we came in the line was very long but surprisingly we were sat in about 15-20 minutes. The service was fast from start to finish so I didn't have to wait long before I could start eating the juicy amazing chicken. I was planning on getting an order to go to drive back to Virginia to eat but that seemed greedy so I didn't. I regretted that decision the second I got back home so next time, I will be greedy!Malaysian cuisine isn't something I'm very experienced in.  Nice, clean atmosphere with good service and what's here isn't bad at all.  A little too strongly salted for my tastes, but perhaps that's just the way it is?  Way too much sodium for me, but perhaps I can ask them to go light on the salt next time.  The oyster omelet was a little too greasy as well.  Extensive menu and vegetarian friendly.  Everyone can probably find something they like here.Never had Malaysian food before eating here, but it's extremely good.  Roti canai was an excellent appetizer, almost better than the breads at dedicated Indian restaurants.  The noodle dishes are also delicious.  Atmosphere was great; I'll be back soon.I once had an allergic reaction to stealthy hidden carrots when I told the waiter that I didn't want carrots in my food.
Other than that, it was yummy, but I think that the food really doesn't match the atmosphere and decoration of the place.Food is so-so for specializing in Malaysian cuisine.
Service can be rude at times... if you really want Malaysian food try Banana Leaf around the corner and save yourself the agony of tipping on poor service.One of best Thai, Malaysian , Chinese food in Philadelphia . Ecnomical, fresh, nice service, quick and efficient staff . Trendy, you would see a lot of hippy crowd, sometimes gets noisy- nice hosts, better staff- English is a little bit issue with the staff- 
It's in the heart of Philly ( Chinatown ). 
Been here many times, I recommend it. Try their tea at the beginning which is free of charge.
Update : 6/17/2017. Staff was pushy, came thrice if we are done with the food- they just want you to leave as soon as possible. May be this is common in Chinatown -Excellent Malaysian Chinese cuisine. All entrees were excellent and served piping hot. Servers were very friendly and highly efficient. My wife and I had just visited the real Penang in Malaysia and this restaurant serves authentic dishes of the same quality. 
Especially recommend the roti pancakes and the various noodle dishes. Best of all, prices are very reasonable for such a great meal.Very accommodating!
I say this because I ate here last week, which was not to long ago, for a friend's birthday. There were about 7 of us, total. I called twice to change the reservation time, and they were very polite about it.
We were worried about not being able to eat here because we found out one of my friends has a peanut allergy. Knowing the way Asian restaurants work, a lot of them use peanut oil or peanut products in their food.
Three people that worked there came up to our table to listen to our orders to make sure that they got it right, and to omit any peanuts in the dishes. I believe one of them might have been the manager. If that isn't good service, I don't know what is!
We ordered the roti canai (indian pancake), shrimp puff, young chow fried rice, hainanese chicken, sizzling beef, shrimp pad thai, deep fried shrimp with ginger soy sauce.
The roti is probably their most famous dish. Once you try it you'll know why. As soon as we sat down I asked if we could order an appetizer to start (since everyone was hungry and it was already 8pm). She asked if I wanted roti and how many, before I could even ask what I wanted. How'd she know? Two please!
The shrimp puff was so delicious! I'm warning you though to let it sit for a bit and give it 5 minutes. It is served HOT and WILL burn your tongue. The sauces tend to squirt out into your mouth as soon as you bite into it, which is no fun when it's extremely hot! Wait it out and you'll thank me later. The sauce was a nice touch to the shrimp puff. Very cohesive appetizer. You should definitely try this one.
Fried rice was average, as any Asian restaurant's fried rice is.
Hainanese chicken was very different ... never had anything like it. It's completely baked but served at room temperate so it gives off the feeling that it's being served "cold". It's actually pretty good with the soy sauce (which is served under the chicken) if you can get over the way it looks and the cold texture. We we're actually served a piece that was still blue and looked like a cyanotic chicken extremity which turned me off completely, even being in the medical field. Shivers. We decided just to set it aside and remove it so we wouldn't have to look at it anymore.
The sizzling beef was absolutely.. FORGETTABLE. Do not get this dish. It lacked flavor, and did not come out sizzling. Womp, womp.
The pad thai is also just an average dish. Nothing too special going on, probably would not get it again since I could get better pad thai elsewhere.
Now I saved the best part for last.. the deep fried fish! It normally comes with other sauces, but we requested to do a simple ginger and soy sauce. This is the best fried fish, ever! We all couldn't get our hands off it and fought for the last morsel! Main reason it was so good was because it was so crispy! Good to share due to it's size. Fairly big. I would totally go back for this.
Parking could be difficult during the weekend due to it's location, so try an odd weeknight. Like say, a thursday.Best wonton mee soup!! The only con is they don't give you your change back, they automatically assume your going to give them all your change. I just think they should ask if you want change back. Other than that everything is great the food is great the atmosphere is great!Be very wary of using credit cards here - unscrupulous activity in the backroom. This review is not for the food which is excellent. I have never had but positive experiences at Penang regarding the food - excellent dishes. Last night ate at the restaurant with two friends. Had two excellent appetizers - Roti Canai and chicken/beef sticks. For our main courses we had the pad Thai and another chicken dish with rice. Waiter came by with the bill and I handed him my credit card. Seemed to take a longer time than usual even though they were not overwhelming busy. I was not able to see where the waiter took my credit card to - though it appeared to travel through a back door alongside of the kitchen area. The check comes back fully processed, I add a tip and almost immediately (within the next 5 minutes - I kid you not) I receive an email warning from Capital One (on my cell phone) notifying me of a fraudulent charge for $348.51 at a Royal Farms / Fresh Kitchen (Gas station & convenience store) down at Ridley Park, PA close to the airport. How can I be in two places at once? Created a red flag across Capital One servers. Word of caution - use cash if coming to Penang.Went here this Friday and had Rendang. Okay food (worth the price). Horrible service. Servers took turn to rush us by constantly asking if we were finished while we clearly were not. When we were done, we had separate checks. One friend tipped 10% for it and had a female server chased us down outside and COMMANDED (exact words: "COME HERE!" with a frown on her face) my friend to come back inside and QUESTIONED her with rudeness why she didn't tip 15%. My friend who used to work at a country club didn't even bother to explain to her what is actual serving. By this time, I was truly regretful for tipping at all. Don't get me wrong, the food is not bad, but not worth the service that we had. We would never visit this place again.I gave the Philly location of this chain a chance for dinner.  Service was a little slow (we had a lot of waitstaff milling around us, but no one took care of us unless directly asked), but larger portions were worth waiting for - 3 entrees dishes would have been more than enough for the 4 of us.  
I tried the Indian Mee Goreng with beef substituted for shrimp and enjoyed the wok-y flavor and the super-tender beef. Get a table near the kitchen to see one guy swing dough around his head endlessly to make the thin, light Roti bread (which is a pretty good appetizer option).Mediocre food with good services. However, I had to wait over 20 minute for my food since appetizer and it kills my appetite. It would speed up the process more if the chefs in the open kitchen would get down to cooking instead of checking their phones for texts from grandma.One of my faaaaaav places in Chinatown.  Mango chicken is good, chicken satay, the pancake stuff, and my absolute favorite dish is the beef and flat noodles dish - forgot the name... and of course, the thai iced tea.
Although it gets packed on the weekends, the servers get you in and out pretty quickly.  You feel a bit rushed...but I don't mind so much since they sat me quickly and brought out the food in record-breaking time.The food is amazing here! Would highly recommend the chicken satay, roti canai, mee goreng noodles, and beef rendang! 
The only downside it is not BYOB, while most other places in Chinatown are. The food doesn't always come out right on time but service is decent!Loved Penang during my time in Boston, so I was excited to see one in Philly's chinatown! Quality of the food was about the same too. The menu is fairly diverse, and offers a variety of thai, malaysian, indian and chinese dishes. 
Definitely try the roti canai, probably the most ordered item in the restaurant. You get a huge blanket of roti, wrapped artfully into a sculpture. It is only a couple millimeters thick and strikes a perfect balance between crispiness and chewiness. It goes great with the accompanying curry sauce, which also contains some pieces of chicken and potato. 
I also tried out the indian mee goreng on my most recent visit. It certainly had a lot of taste and went well with the other dishes I ordered, but a warning that there is a strong seafood taste (they use dried squid sauce).
Another favorite of mine is the beef rendang. The beef is super tender and the curry sauce it is cooked in is delicious - tastes of coconut milk and lemongrass, with hints of cinnamon. Order a bowl or two of rice to go with this!
Finally, I would order the spareribs malaysian style. These pork shortribs are lightly fried, but the meat is juicy and goes really well with the accompanying sweet and sour sauce! 
Service overall is quite good and the food comes out at a reasonable pace. This place does get crowded though!DISCLAIMER: this review is limited exclusively to my single experience last night eating prawn mee noodle soup at Penang.
Review: this dish was admittedly very fishy, which I was generally okay with. It almost tasted like the restaurant added fermented shrimp paste or something similar. That's also not an issue, in itself. However, it is now 8pm, and I have still not yet left my hotel room since getting back from Penang last night. I'm currently having the absolute worst food poisoning experience of my life.  According to my primary care physician, aka WebMD, it is likely that I have some form of aggressive salmonella food poisoning.
The other dishes looked good, and I'm sure the prawn mee is typically not vomit/diarrhea-inducing, but i hope this issue is addressed promptly.Always loving this place..been coming there for more than 10 years...always had good service and good food,love their satay tofu and seafood scrambled egg chow fun...no one compares theirs..!!Even though I believe it is the same owner as banana leaf, I like penang much better. Their food is pretty good and the waitresses are nice. This place can get pretty busy. But it's a must try!Decided to try this place out instead of my usual Philly staple on Arch Street: Cali Pho. I ordered way more than I could eat because I really wanted to try something new.  Frog is on the menu by the way, but I chose two fantastic appetizers: Baby Oyster Omelet and Squid with watercress.  Fantastically delicious and the serving was big enough to be a meal.  The problem for me came with my entree: Java Mee, a soup with shrimp, shrimp cakes and noodles.  It was so thick with sauce it was more like a stew and then the tomato sauce (it was mostly red) was so over-whelming I really couldn't decipher the taste of the soup or it's ingredients.  A real shame, and a real let down after the great appetizers.  I would still recommend the place, as it was clean, service was good, and food brought out quickly.  Lost a star for the bad soup though.  However, I plan a second visit to try their pancakes which I saw being made and it looked like a fun tasty dish.  A lot of their dishes are definitely visually very appetizing.At first I was not happy about how long it took for our food to come. However, the manager and wait staff were great and did the best they could but ultimately it was worth the wait. Omg! The food was absolutely delicious!!!!!! Quite possibly some of best the Asian cuisine I have ever had and my God what a cheap eat. It came to $23 for two. I had some spicy curry beef dish with coconut rice and I was in heaven. Whenever I'm in town this will be a definite go to and a serious recommend for out of towners.Let me start by saying that the food was was a solid 4stars.  Portions as well.  I enjoyed my basil chicken while my date had peppered beef which was a tad bland for my liking. The only reason for not giving this place 4 stars was the service.  We didnt receive our waters until the entrees came and the waitress was generally unattentive. Also a bit odd was that rice must me ordered as a side. Southeast Asian food without rice??? Never heard of sucha thing. But Everything considered, it is worth a try.The food was okay and the price was reasonable but the service was very rushed. We were constantly asked to order quickly or if we were done. That was a big minus, rushing us to our food.Oh my gosh was this delicious. Byo too fellas ;-) I got the green curry chicken which was really wonderful and my boyfriend's beef chow fun (i think it was) was the best noodle dish weve ever had. So much flavor! Everyone that got a noodle dish here struggled past the full point to eat it all because it was too good to leave. 
We also got roti, chicken satay, and dumplings which were all great too. Dumplings were all stuck to the plate which was disappointing but everything was so delicious otherwise. 
Prices were cheap with atmosphere being nicer than you'd think. Service was a tad rough but the language barrier was the source of the struggle. Hey they make some damn good noodles.This is, by far, the best Malaysian restaurant I've been to. I LOVE their roti canai. The roti is a crispy style pancake that resembles a crispy flour tortilla and it comes with a brown dipping sauce with curry chicken (with bone) and potatoes. My boyfriend introduced me to the place and I came back with a friend from Malaysia to see if he approved, and he loved! I'm not fond of spring rolls so for those who like them, my boyfriend recommends along with the pad thai. My Malaysian friend recommends the mango shrimp, which is shredded mango cooked with shrimp and spicy sweet & sour sauce in a big mango shell. I recommend the boneless chicken curry. This place has wonderful and quick service, and the prices are cheap for the amount of food they give you. If you go to the D.C. Penang, I am warning you, the quality is not the same. I'd give that one a 2/5.OK. This is hard to rate because I have eaten at Rangoon and Banana Leaf (Same genre of food... kind of) and out of the three this is my least favorite mainly because the food was mediocre in flavor in comparison and the atmosphere just felt more like a production line versus a nice relaxed place where you can sit and enjoy yourself. It almost felt like they want you in and out in 30 minutes or less so that they can get the next customer in. Put it this way, if I didn't know about banana leaf and Rangoon I would probably rate this place a little higher but the beauty about competition is that you get rated amongst your peers and not in a vacuum. Good food but if you're looking for malaysion type food go to banana leaf.I can't believe I haven't review Penang yet! I love this place. It's a a very popular Malaysian restaurant that offers pan-Asian food from Indian to Chinese. You can find something that will impress anyone's taste with their extensive menu. Pricing is great for the huge amount of food in an entree. I especially like the roti with chicken curry and chicken chow fun. The food is very flavorful and there is ample seating despite always being very busy. Sometimes the staff is less talkative than would be preferred but that's because they're so busy. I get takeout from here regularly and it's always ready within 10 minutes. 5/5I've been here a couple of times and I really enjoy the food here. 
I always get the roti canai but I tried the roti telur which is an upgrade that is a bit more filling (I just really love the curry). I really enjoyed the crispy pork intestines and mee siam which were new dishes that I tried. Definitely recommend the kang kung belacan which is a vegetable dish!
Our server was attentive and overall I enjoy coming here.Great place to get some somewhat authentic ethnic food. Lots of seating, decent service, definitely great for a casual meal.So this was my first restaurant that I tried when I came to Philly for the first time. Their roti canai is the best that I've ever tried, that curry is soooo good! Their fried calamari is my sister's favorite here and it's decent for me. I love their kangkung balancing because it's the exact same one that I had back in Indonesia(I was born in Indonesia). Their rendang however doesn't match my tastebud. Their Indian mee goreng is so good! Also I have a little trouble with the peanut sauce that they serve, it's too sweet. Their coconut rice is just like regular white rice. Their service isn't the best for me but still okay. Probably clean the place a little bit more? The third time I came it was like dirty, like super dirty. And I heard a customer complained about finding a fly inside their dish so that's kind of disappointing for me. But I'll come back for their roti canai.Not an expansive menu, but for what this restaurant does offer it pulls off with success. Very much recommend the roti chanai.A friend of mines from work had visited Penang and let me taste the food she brought to work the next day. I fell in love with the taste. Has to experience a whole plate for myself. So we decided to have dinner that weekend.  When I first walk in I was pretty impressed with the look. It's a mix of cozy yet somewhat modern. I had the roti (indian pancakes) and they were absolutely delious. It was so good! The curry that came with the roti was so rich and full of flavor. As an entry I ordered the curry tofu with mixed vegetable shimp and rice. It good, but not as good as I expected it to taste. All and all I had a good experience.  The food is good and the atmosphere is nice.Disappointing. After reading the reviews on Yelp I decided to go. Starting with the roti appetizer, there was literally one piece of potato and one piece of chicken that was mostly bone. 
The pad thai noodles were no longer than than half an inch long, and tasted like they were cooked in butter and not much else. 
The service was horrendous, periodVery good. Inexpensive and flavorful. Must try if in Chinatown. 
Must have:
Appetizers - Homemade Roti Canai (Indian Pancake) - Crêpe like with chicken curry dipping sauce. Amazing!
Entree - Thai basil noodleGreat Thai / Malay / Indo food. Excellent service and humorous workers. The food never fails!The food here is amazing but is completely tarnished by the terrible waitress. If 0 stars was an option I would have selected that considering that the waitress attempted to murder my friend. The orders began as normal with myself and my friends informing the waitress that someone in our group is severely allergic to cucumber and that none of our dishes can contain cucumber. She said "okay, the beef dish contains cucumber so do you want it taken out?" We said "yes". The first order of dishes came out without cucumber and all was fine. The second order of dishes did not go well as cucumber was included on the dish. We asked the bus boy to take the dish back and he said he would have to get the waitress who came back and yelled at us that we did not inform her of a food allergy. She continuously yelled stating "you ordered it like this", "I only brought what you ordered", "you get what you asked for" and proceeded to get closer to my friend and yell in her face while my friend calmly tried to explain that we said we cannot have any cucumber on the table. She took the plate and then had the bus boy bring it back without cucumber. Given the severity of the allergy, we moved the plate to the opposite of our friend. We were unsure if the plate was taken back and just replated without cucumbers and felt that anaphylaxis wasn't worth it. After yelling, she refused to come back to our table the rest of the night and sent bus boys to take our requests. If you or anyone here has any food allergy, it's not worth the risk because even normal forewarning is useless here and if you try to clear up any misunderstanding the waitress may yell at you like they are from WWE. The busboys deserve all the credit for making the night salvageable as they were attentive, courteous, and on top of it.I stumbled upon this place thinking it was just Chinese food, but it's actually Malaysian. It was actually a pleasant surprise because that's one of my new favorite types of cuisine!
I devoured the Roti Canai in record time. The people around me looked a little scared, but I couldn't resist! It was delicious.
I had some chicken entree that was pretty good, and then I had the fried ice cream for dessert. Oh my goodness, it was amazing. I'm salivating as I type.
My waitress was a lovely lady that was very engaging and attentive. And I loved the fact that they give you free tea. It was perfect for a rainy evening.
I'll definitely be back here on my next trip to Philly!Nice ambiance and decor.  The food was average.I've been here a few times now and the food is consistently delicious. The satay chicken is cooked perfectly with the peanut sauce adding a great spicy touch to the app. 
As far as entrees go, the Indian mee goreng is one of my favorite dishes at this restaurant, very tasty but not too spicy. I am a huge fan of pad thai, and Penang's is pretty good, but compared to some of the other entrees, such as basil chicken, lacks a little protein for the price. 
Still would recommend Penang to anyone looking for something different, as it has become a good spot for a low key occasion or quick trigger nice night out for us.This was my first time at a Malaysian restaurant. Although I'm pretty familiar with Asian food I realized Malaysian dishes are different than I had experienced. My husband had the Malaysian curry and it was AMAZING. Nothing like I've had before. Very different , flavorful, aromatic and complex. I ended up stealing half of his! I ordered the pearl clay pot noodle bowl. I wasn't crazy about it but I guess because  I was expecting different. I do believe this dish was very good and it was my own issue. The noodles were very thick and the broth quite heavy.  It was not my favorite but I'd go back to try many more items on the menu. This place is obviously very authentic.It was pretty full when I went like always. The food was pretty tasty, albeit a bit on the salty side. The service on the otherhand was rather mediocre. We didn't receive a menu when we first entered and had to call multiple waiters. We had to wait a long time for our food while people around us got theirs already. Although I understand that it was very busy, they pretty much ignored us with no apologies at all.We were in the mood for some Malaysian food and stumbled upon Penang! We ordered the beef rendang and mango chicken. They were meh. Just ok. Nothing special. The beef rendang was so chewy and dry and the mango chicken  looks pretty on plate but it was way too saucy and oily! We couldn't finish it for that reason because we didn't want to end up reaching for bottles of water afterwards. Also  there were def more mango slices than chicken. Was totally not worth the $$ and def suggest to not order this!Our friends who frequented this restaurant for several years during college who now live in LA introduced us to this place. We were really excited to try this place based on their feedback about this establishment. 
We came in on a Saturday night, but fortunately early enough in where we were seated before the rush arrived. 
We ordered;
Roti Canai
Mee Siam
Crispy Spicy Squid
Steamed Bass With Ginger Sauce
Chicken With Vegetables On Fried Taro
I'm not sure the name of the last dish we ordered, but it was a stir fry combinations of chicken breast and vegetables then set on a round fried bed of Taro root. 
Everything was delicious. My favorites were the Taro Root entree, Roti Canai and Mee Siam which to me was a cross between Filipino Pansit and Thai Pad Thai. The Roti Canai was prepared perfectly and accompanied with a chicken and potato yellow curry that was on point. The spicy squid was decent. The steamed bass wasn't very fresh. Additionally, it was very skinny and the sauce was just ginger. There wasn't any scallions or flavor as expected from the menu description. 
I would definitely return but not order the steamed fish with ginger and squid. I'd like to try more of their curries which seem really good here!
Service was good. Not the best but good enough.
Prices can be a little high but the food is well worth it.
Atmosphere is nice and clean.Great place! Came here based on the reviews and was definitely not disappointed. If you're confused on what to order, look through the pictures that people have posted- they helped me to decide. The food came out quickly and was just as delicious as it looked. I'd suggest coming here with a couple of friends and splitting a few plates family style so you can experience a lot of what they have to offer.BYOB, $10 corking fee. They accept credit card. Pretty sure its the same owner as Banana Leaf because both places are really similar. Large amount of seating and really big menu. Good mix of Malaysian, Chinese, and Thai. I think one of the most hyped things here is their Roti Canai, which reminds me of a really light Chinese pancake served with a curry for dipping. In addition, their tom yum soup is really solid, and offers a nice bit of spice for your meal. Chow Kueh Teow was like a seafood Chow Fun, and super tasty. Really great family-style restaurant. Fast seating and solid food.One of the best Malaysian cuisine in Philly...  The Roti-Canai is simply amazing and so is the chicken fried rice.. don't forget to ask for hot sauce (green chilly in soy sauce) with it... Just the Best...Was staying at the nearby Hilton Garden Inn and swung by here based on solid Yelp reviews (plus it's about 500 yards from the hotel, which helps.) Was looking for someplace delicious, with ambiance that hit that precise balance between not-a-hole-in-the-wall/for-sure-not-romantic that's required for dinner out with my boss while we're both here on travel. Success! Definitely not a date, plus it was super tasty.
Roti Canai, like everyone says, is delicious. Imagine a crepe that is crispy and moist at the same time (I know this is contrary; just take my word for it;) super rich, almost gravy-like chicken curry to dip it in.
Also ordered a noodle dish (it was #10 on the rice/noodles section, cannot remember the name) with glass noodles, shrimp, tofu, and boiled egg. Not exceptional, but very tasty and a nice level of spice. Tried the mixed satay, as well, which was exceptional-- the lamb and dipping sauce were both super flavorful. 
A totally serviceable meal and ambiance that was exactly what I was looking for. Yay Penang!This used to be one of my favorite places to eat. I have been coming here with my family for over 10 years. The food is usually great and the staff is quick. HOWEVER, we went last night to celebrate my brothers graduation and ALL of our seafood dishes had rotten shrimp in them. My brother is not very food conscious but even he pointed out that the shrimp had a bad taste. My mom and I tasted the shrimp from all the seafood dishes and had to spit it out. She told the waiter and sent back a few pieces for the chef to try, only for the waiter to come out and say that the chef didn't taste anything wrong with it and the best he could do was take 20% off our bill. We weren't looking to get any discounts, we were simply trying to make the staff aware of the rotten shrimp. My mom was mostly concerned about the chef's judgement. She has been in the restaurant industry for decades and was appalled when the chef said he didn't taste what was wrong. Those of us with seafood lost our appetite and left with our plates still full of food. Money and time wasted. Not sure if we will be returning, such a shame considering this was a staple restaurant for us :(I was a bit torn on my rating for Penang. Could have gone 3 or 4. I went with 4 because of the roti canai. It was awesome. Outstanding flavor, very unique. I could have mopped up two or three bowls of it. 
The masak chicken was average. Not great, not bad. That is why the dispute between stars. I think I just ordered the wrong thing for my liking. 
Table next to me had the striped bass with black bean sauce and it looked amazing. I asked and they said it was. 
I look forward to coming back to try different dishes as I think you can find a variety of flavors to choose from and just have to learn what you like.This place has the worst service and the food is highly overrated. Their fried ice cream for example is simply a big ball of dough with no actual ice cream. Getting water is not easy, they have mastered being rude and giving people dirty looks. Go to banana leaf or any of the other establishments in China town. Will be much more worth your while.A great place to enjoy Malaysian and Thai foods. The restaurant is spacious and comfortable. The service is excellent. For the food, it is super especially the curry dip with bread. Definitely we will come back again.Some friends took me here back in November. I would love to go back.  The Mango Shrimp was on point!  The sweet to spice ratio was just right.  And it was actually served inside of a mango which really turned me on.  For dessert we shared the fried ice cream...very very delicious.  Never had fried ice cream before.  Looking forward to that again.
It was a Friday night and the place was packed but we didin't wait that long to be seated (approx. 10-15 minutes).  The kitchen area is open for your viewing pleasure.  The food came quick enough.  They allow you to bring your own bottle and if you are celebrating a birthday or something you can bring your own cake.  Not sure if there is a cake cutting fee though.
Also I had a bite of my bff's Roti Canai...the reviews are accurate...very tasty.Fantastic place!!!
Indian pancake was so tasty, as was the chicken satay. The tea provided was also delicious.
The restaurant was super busy but the service was top notch and we had no complaints, great atmosphere. Would certainly go back again3.5. I love Indonesian food and u will admit the food here is good. The roti canai and spicy squids were both excellent. The chili shrimp was good but could have been spicier. They would have gotten a 4th star if not for the rude and abrupt server. Almost made us feel unwelcome and a bother. Kind of a shame as I enjoyed the food.The appetizer we tried was the roti canai and it was like watered down indian food with barely any chicken in it. I got the rice dish with ginger duck as my main meal. The duck was soggy and not flavorful. My fiancé got the spare ribs. They were also really bland and maybe needed some salt/spices. I'm not a picky eater at all and love all different types of dishes. The food here was actually just really bad.My brother and I have eaten in and ordered take out from this place multiple times.  A few weeks ago, when we ordered 2 chicken on rice dishes to go, we were told that we couldn't have dark meat for both.  So, I opted to have dark meat on one and white meat on another.  We were told that the restaurant can have half white and half dark meat on each rice.  That would be fine, except, when I opened the box at home, I was pretty sure I got half portion of dark meat and no white meat on my rice.  I like their food, but this just makes me very unhappy...  I will probably go there a lot less often from now...I LOVE this place. The food is great and now they take credit cards! I have been going to this place for 8 years now (I had the pleasure of going for the first time while pregnant) and the staff is really friendly, and my son loves it there as well!This place is an old favorite of mine in Chinatown! 
We always used to go here after shows at the Trocodero near by.  
The decor inside is a neat industrial style type things, but I think they have remodeled a little since the last time I went.
Penang has a huge selection of Malaysian food, you can definitely find something for everyone. One of my favorite dishes to get there is the appetizer of naan and curry dipping sauce. Holy hell it's delicious.
Otherwise I also like the crispy seafood noodles and their curry dishes!
They also give you oranges at the end of your meal (at least they used to, haven't been in some time) !
Go if you're in Chinatown for sure.Very busy, popular and loud.  Place is a little dingy for the prices. Not much atmosphere. $5 beers, main dishes $ 16-26.  Food was just OK. We ordered 5-6 plates of food and there was nothing I had I would want again. $16.50 "Fried chicken" ended up being a bunch of thin chicken fingers hot spicy sauce. Not good especially for the prices.  Could have gone to Mickey D's for same.  Hate that they tack on the tip for you and put a spot for an additional tip.  Not impressed. Wouldn't be missing out if didn't come back. Much rather eat at Lee how fuk around corner. Have been to much better around Chinatown. Disappointing.The Char Kuey teow was terrible.  The flat noodles were disintegrated into little oily brown bits and the tofu was dry, semi burnt and greasy.  We left half the dish uneaten. The Mee Siam was Pad Thai basically,  not the Mee Siam I remember from Malaysia.  In general not authentic and poorly done.By far one of my favorite Malaysian spots ! 
Roti Cani is on point the chicken is tender and the potato is soft, the curry isn't spicy just a slight kick. The bbq beef & chicken satay sticks with peanut sauce is amazing ! It's a much try and trust me you will not regret it ! I usually get the prawn mee when I come here it's my go to. The soup base is a little more spicer than other places i've been to but I love it ! They can add a little more veggies and meat into it. Service here has always been great never had a problem.Guess I don't know what I could add to what's already been said.
Roti Kanai was yummy - could have used more than a tiny piece of chicken though (what do u expect for 3 bucks, right?)
The 2 other entrees we had (Mee Siam and Penang Kari Ayam) were good...especially the Mee Siam. The chicken dish (Kari Ayam) I though could have used more of the lemongrass it promised to make the flavors more multi-layered as opposed to the flat peanut flavor we got.
All in all - pretty good for the money but I won't be back. Guess I am not a big fan of ethnic food in a bare-bones setting with less than friendly service. But that's just the snob in me--- so feel free to disregard this review altogether :)It was a Friday night and me and my partner were tired but wanted to try something different and good, didn't want to hassle about parking. So we decided to order something for pick up from Penang. 
We ordered their Indian pancake Roti Canai. Since it was to go so it probably got a little cold, so it was a little chewy and hard to tear off. None the less the curry sauce was fab. The two dishes we ordered were Bean curd Thai style and Beef Rendang. The vegetable Thai dish was great! It left a good aftertaste of spiciness in my mouth, portions were huge, the sauce was a little unhealthy - but what more can you expect when you eat out. I also really enjoyed their Beef Rendang very much, the beef was tender, a little heavy, but sauce was fantastic, again a little oily. 
We also ordered a small size of coconut rice, and that was enough for two. Had leftovers from both our dishes for the next day. 
One thing I do like about this restaurant was that it only took them 15 mins to have our food ready to be picked up on a Friday night. That's a plus! Food was great but leaned more on the expensive side.I love this restaurant.  I wish I still lived in Philly, so I could go more often.  The service is quick and the food is really good.  I like that they serve hot tea and water to start.  I always get the roti canai, the nasi lemak, and the mee siam.  Another good dish is the shrimp and mango.  Their prices have gone up since I initially started going to this restaurant over a decade ago, but they are still very reasonable.Food was cold. 
All components for Nasi Lemak except rice was cold. Like real cold - the cooked anchovies as well.
The thai basil noodles had no flavor. Also all noodles were doused in oil.
Beef rendang was not good.Penang used to be my favorite restaurant after I graduated from college. Since then, I guess my taste buds have changed but I still think of it highly and come back once in a while.
Being in town for a trade show, I went there today for lunch. I ordered two of my favorites: clay pot noodles and ipoh bean sprouts. The clay pot noodles is a big clay bowl of egg noodles, various veggies, calamari, pork, shrimp and eggs in a yummy sauce - somewhere half way between a broth and a gravy. It arrives still simmering at your table so do not touch the pot!! Today, the noodles seemed somewhat undercooked but overall the dish was pretty good. The bean sprouts though were phenomenal as always - perfectly blanched (not soggy or raw) in the special house sauce (a variation of a soy based sauce).
My other old favorites are the mango chicken, which is sweet and somewhat spicy and comes served in the mango shells, and the beef rendang, a curried beef dish where the beef is nice and tender and the sauce is pretty dry. I've also tasted the beef chow fun and it was nice and dry (I don't like gravy gook). My boyfriend loves their cracked pepper crab too...
They have several locations, mainly in Manhattan, but this one in Philly has one of the better menus - they vary. I have yet to try the Penang in Boston, but would love to when the chance arises. Once again, they ONLY take CASH and do not speak good English. You also cannot make reservations and the lines can get crazy sometimes - definitely not a place for a quick dinner meal. I mean, they are VERY quick once you sit down and order - in fact, sometimes I feel a bit rushed, but the wait can be daunting...
So, overall I like Penang and I'd recommend it for a fun meal - especially as a group so you can try a lot of different things. The two reasons why they lost the 5th star is that they don't take credit cards, the service is often rushed and this one older waiter (who I think is one of the managers/owners cause he's been there since the first time I ate there about 8 years ago) is SO rude and unhappy. If he ends up serving me, I always feel totally unwelcome.The last time I went to a Penang was in Boston.  So when I came to Chicago, I was so disappointed that the Penang was closed due to a fire.  Luckily they had a Penang in Philadelphia so I was reunited with delicious Malaysian food!  This restaurant is a chain, but the food is delicious! I cant remember the exact dish that I ordered, but the food had great flavors and not a lot of heat (the appetizer was a curry dip with roti bread). Service was good but hovered a lot.  Plus, the restaurant was not full of people but we felt very rushed.  They were quick to give us the bill but were not quick in settling the bill. Weird.I've been here on multiple occasions and each time my experience has been a hit or miss. I've had the seafood pan fried noodles which were drowning in watery sauce and the seafood was not that fresh. The shrimp are soo small and seems like they are days old. I've had the Prawn Mee noodle soup again the shrimp seemed old and there was nothing Prawnish about the shrimp at all as they were soo small. The slices of pork were extremely tough and the broth was very very fishy. Even the bean sprouts and vegetables seemed old. The stir fried rice noodle with salted fish was just ok. The fried rice with salted fish was pretty good. The Roti Cani is very good as well. I've also tried the fried intestine and oyster pancake both of which were good. The service was always great as the waiter always makes sure to tell us what to expect in the dish so that part I love. So all in all I feel like this place can be so much better if only the seafood and veggies were fresh.Great place! Really crowded at night! The service was excellent. They literally said "we can cook it however you like". The food was good and exotic. Would definitely go back!I've eaten here with colleagues over a dozen times. I've always loved their food! 
Sometimes the servers aren't too polite, but regardless the food's terrific.
It's hard to pick a favorite dish here, but I've always loved the Curried Chicken. One of their appetizers chicken skewers (I forgot the name.. It's the second on the list) is awesome.
I also like their cold coffee.
It's also open pretty late so can be a good place to get take out food.Absolutely love this place. I go there so often I feel embarrassed sometimes. The staff is very attentive and will offer advice on the menu items if you need it. 
I always start with the Roti (and order additional Roti) and the beef and chicken satay. All delicious!!When I visited from out of town, my date took me here. Overall, we had a good experience. It gets pretty packed and cramped in this joint, but I thoroughly enjoyed my dinner.
The laksa dish here was comparable to other superb recipes I have tried. The char kway teow was charred just the way it should be, and they weren't skimpy on their seafod servings!
I would definitely hit this place up again if I was in town.best asian food place in town.
I had to visit philadelphia for 5 days, and i came here more than 6 times to get my food. Their prices are very cheap compared to the food they serve.
I dont know what else to say, because i was there last year and i dont remember too much. I tried more than half of their appetizers, and they were all very great.Currently my fave Malaysian restaurant! I love all the dishes Ive ordered here. It's our second time to dine here today and we got the kang kong, Penang jumbo shrimp, and deep fried squid tentacles. I recommend both the dee fried squid tentacles and the kang kong with shrimp paste as they both taste absolutely good! The Penang jumbo shrimp was a good serving and the sauce was very rich, but I think some people wouldn't like it. I won't order that next time since I like seafood which isn't swimming in too much flavorful sauce. Service here is exceptional except for this one time where our assigned server was overly suggestive in our order choices. Hahaha. Definitely a must-visit!Great food, that's served quickly and always hot, the staff is friendly and informative. I'll return for sure. The roti canai is a must try favorite of mine.I tried the homemade roti canai here and it was just perfect.... loved the food. Will definitely be back to try more dish..Excellent, back to original standards. Roti Canai, Nasi Lemak, fish fried rice and golden fried squid a must. All about service as well and Indra is one of the best servers we have encountered on our numerous visits here, as usually this is what they lack the most with rather rude and unfriendly servers.Okay food, lovely service. The roti canai was amazing! Nice and soft with a nice crisp. The curry was the perf amount of spicy. The soya milk with grass jelly tasted a bit watered down and was brown instead of the expected milky white. Ordered fried pearl noodles and replaced it with flat noodles but the sauce was too strong for my taste. The service was great though, our waitress was super friendly and adorable.Super umami and shrimpy tastes, a great place to get Asian food with broths and sauces that will knock your socks off with flavor. Cheap, fast, and a unique Malaysian place to visit while you're in Chinatown.Try this place once, they definitely have some items that you won't forget: like the roti canai, amazingly crunchy and warm, a little bit sweet and creamy, perfect! I love their satay skewers, and even though my husband is not that into those. However, their Hainan chicken and chicken broth rice is just off, I can tell not too much effort has been put into this dish. The cut of the chicken pieces is a mess and they probably marinated these just briefly. The chicken broth rice is not too much difference compared to regular rice, where is the heavenly chicken flavor? Go eat Hainan chicken in Hongkong or any Cantonese restaurants in China! Anyway, a rare and pretty authentic Malaysian restaurant here, a nice addition to the Chinatown.I've been here a few times and really enjoy their food. They were also one of the only places open during the Snowpocalypse (aka Snow Storm Jonas) so I really appreciated that.Excellent flavor. The mango chicken is a real winner.  Just the right mix of sweetness with acid.  The house giant prawns were done with a strong aromatic sauce.  We very much enjoyed it.This place was packed when I first walked in so I decided to order to go. The food is legit. I really enjoy it. Authentic and satisfying.Awesome Indian cakes. Had to try them. Staff was chill & fun. Waiter explained the items we asked about very well. My dish was tasty even with the anchovies :)I love this place! This is my go-to restaurant when I'm craving Malaysian food. The price, atmosphere, and most importantly, the food, is exquisite. The waiters/waitresses are very friendly as well.Been here countless times and i always leave satisfied...great curry dishes and great apps!!One of my very places in Philly. BYOB and you have to try the mango chicken. AMAZING gem in Philly.Roti canai (Indian pancake) is the best !! I could honestly eat this all the time
The Thai basil noodles was a lil greasy and kinda bland 
Tom yum soup is delicious 
Basil chicken was good but I've had better 
I definitely want to try other dishes 
Service was good surprisingly .. 
I'm so use to the lack of service in many other Asian restaurantsThis place is definitely worth the wait. 
Sometimes there's a line, sometimes you get a table right away, but EVERYtime you get an incredible meal and lite on your wallet. I love Hainanese Chicken and the chicken stock rice it comes with so I have to order this dish every time. For appetizer, you really have to try the satay skewers... I can drink the peanut dipping sauce til' I OD on it. hahaha 
Then there's the Malaysian style spareribs. It's not for everyone I'd say, but if you're ok with nibbling on small pieces of spareribs, this dish is definitely one to try. It's marinated in a red fermented tofu and that's where it gets the red coloring. Yum! The mango chicken there is also very good if you're not the adventurous type. 
Too bad I never have any room for desert, but I'm sure it's delicious!Came to this "Chnatown" restaurant to try something new. The service was fine the food was OK not a deal by any stretch of the imagination.  
I was hear on business and it was close to the convention center.Overall I think this place is pretty authentic. However, everything was a little sweet which I personally wasn't a huge fan of. The roti is very good - don't miss out on that!The seating was fast and the service was OK. Waitress wasn't too friendly and in a rush all the time. No water offered or given. Got Indian me gorang which was not bad but wasn't great, kinda bland. Roti canai was amazing! Must try. Probably wouldn't revisitMy first experience eating Malaysian food! I wasn't exactly sure what to expect, but I was very pleasantly surprised to find that it's kind of a Thai/Indian hybrid. 
The roti canai was delicious, just like everyone said! A flat, thin pancake served with a bowl of sweet curry. My only complaint? Too much curry, not enough pancake. There is simply no way one pancake could soak up all that good stuff, unfortunately.
I tried the tofu satay on the suggestion of other Yelpers, but I was a little disappointed. Over-fried tofu shells left me crunching in a weird, dry way and the stuffing of bean sprouts, cucumber and peanut sauce was not that flavorful.
Entrees were huge and shared among the table. I sampled the mango tofu (perfect, amazing, probably not authentic) and veggie/tofu curry in clay pot (great mix of vegetables and the curry was reminiscent of a thai massaman). 
My only real gripe with Penang? The overly obnoxious "birthday song," which blares blurrily from a stereo and lasts a little bit too long. We heard it THREE TIMES in the two hours we were there last Saturday night. Distracting.Great Malaysian and pan-asian food.  Good service and a nice space for the price which can't be beat.I've eaten here a few times quite a few years ago and I thought it was OK to good, I absolutely loved the Indian pancakes.  But I just ate here yesterday and ordered "Wonton Mee dry with special sauce" (with soup on the side) and I also ordered Singapore noodles.  Both were just average or slightly below.  The soup from the Wonton Mee however WAS fantastic, very flavorful.  Specifically, the wantons were just ok, nothing special, they did have the soft type noodle dough rather than the old style Chinese restaurant wonton. The meat inside the wonton was not particularly tasty and the noodles were just coated with soy sauce as the "special sauce".  The leafy vegetables served with it were just steamed, not much taste.  The Singapore noodles were not as good as I had hoped.  They had some flavor, but still a bit bland and the noodles were overdone and a bit on the fall apart mushy side.  The wait staff were VERY nice and very accommodating.  The atmosphere was nice and generally had an up feeling.  Maybe this time I didn't get their better dishes.  Oh well, I might try again sometime.I used to come here a lot and would always get the hainanese chicken rice. It was pretty good but recently I came and got the same thing and was really disappointed!! The chicken had ZERO flavor, not even like salt or any sign of anything. The rice was super yellow which was kind of strange. After I finished my meal I wasn't feeling well at all. I don't know what happened, maybe they got a different chef? I won't be back, the hainanese chicken rice at banana leaf is way better.Best Pad Thai I've ever had to date (and I've had a lot of variations). The classic Penang Pad Thai will give you strips of tofu, shrimp and squid added to the classic egg noddles and peanut sauce. However, I'd advise starting with the chicken (comes with tofu, as well) or just tofu Pad Thai. 
In addition, they give you pickled beans sprouts in a sweet sauce to eat separately or, as I do, dump on top of the dish. Adding the sprouts elevates the Pad Thai to a whole new experience. 
I've never eaten in at Penang but it is an exceptionally clean and nice establishment (sort of an oasis) in the middle of smelly, dirty China Town. Each time I've taken out I'm greeted with a smile and given a nice Penang plastic bag with my dishes wrapped inside a paper bag. I can tell you from experience that the packaging method they use (plastic dish containers, closed paper bag) keep things hot for a good hour after taking out. I pick up and drive home, place the dishes in the microwave until my boo is home and things are still hot and ready.
Lastly, Penang charges you little for great quality food. I pay under $20 for two heaping dishes of Pad Thai (used to paying about $25 at other establishments).Went to this place based on online reviews and was not disappointed. The staff are very warm and helpful if you need help deciding what you want to eat. The chicken dumplings were average. But the whole snapper in spicy Thai curry was amazing. The portions are good and the taste was great. This is a beer and wine place with limited options but the food will keep you busy. It's a nice casual dining option in the heart of Chinatown.Delicious Malaysian cuisine.  There are plenty of soup and noodle dishes under $10 that are more than enough for a meal.  I usually get the noodles in soup because the sweet and sour broths are really excellent and they're what keep me coming back.  Favorites include the Prawn Mee, Java Mee, Asam Laksa, and Seafood Tomyam.
The Roti Canai is as good as everyone says.
Everything else I've had here has been good, the noodle soups are just my personal go-to.  I like that you can spend upwards of $25 on a jumbo prawn dish (and I bet it's worth it) or $7 on a big noodle or rice dish that is just as filling.
I like the tall window tables for two, which seem to usually be available.  The service tends to be good, and I like that they will try to talk you out of ordering certain weird things if they don't think you can handle it.Great food, prices, and service, with a nice atmosphere to boot.  Too bad I don't live in Philly
The four of us had the home made roti (yum!), satay chicken and beef (not my fav, but I'm not a big satay fan either), Indian mee goreng (good, but I think I was trying to order the hokkien char mee), ginger duck noodles (a hit with everyone), and the sizzling seafood combo with black pepper.  We also ordered some coconut rice.
For drinks we had the rambutan, lychee, ABC, and tea.  Can't speak for the rambutan and lychee, but ABC was very good.  Need to find a place in LA that serves it because I will definitely be craving it.
Overall, everything was good and our bill came out to about $55 after tax.  Worth another visit if I'm ever in Philly again.Our meal tonight was an amazing experience. The place was packed and bustling. We waited a bit before being seated. Our server was very attentive and had a fun sense of humor. We ordered the roti as an appetizer. Yummy chicken peanut sauce that you can dip it in. My friends ordered the mango chicken (sweet and awesome) with chicken flavored rice (average), house special pork with vegetables in a brown sauce (very good), and Penang spicy chicken with a sweet and sour spicy sauce (very good too). I had a whole deep fried snapper in a black bean sauce. Our server suggested it after I asked him what his favorite fish dish is (and as the adventurous food person that I am, wanted to try something I can't cook at home). It was exactly what I was craving!! And we ended the evening with deep fried ice cream (coconut flavored with a side of deep fried bananas). Just the right amount of sweet and crunch. Will definitely have to come back for more!We had 4 dishes. The best was the Mee Siam; it was superb. The iced coffee was good. Plenty of free tea. Restrooms were clean. Staff friendly.Such a horrible experience here bad costumer service waitress had a really bad attitudeThis resistant hit the spot for my Thai/ Asian craving. I ordered the green curry and it was delicious. The serving was huge. Two people can definitely split. The steamed dumpling appetizer was also great. They had a decent selection of wines. It was pretty cheap for me and my three friends to split a bottle. The service was a bit slow about pouring water and coming by our table, but it was a Saturday night. One of my friends ordered the mango tofu and it looked amazing. This place has different options. It's definitely worth a try!Both my vegetarian girlfriend and my meatatarian self really enjoyed this place! The waiter was very nice and recommended appetizers -- the home made roti canai (veggie version) and the penang satay chicken were amazing. Then my girlfriend got the mango tofu (which was delicious), and I got the house special pork with dried veg. The waiter actually advised me not to get it because it is a very fatty dish (I think it's pork belly), but I loved it. I had actually had the same thing before in a different place, but had no idea what it was called, so it was a happy coincidence. We finished the dinner with the fried ice cream (which comes with fried bananas), which was, again, delicious.Dinner last Tuesday with a friend.  Cool interior space. Staff was very attentive. Great quality for the price.Went there twice.  Roti Canai was pretty good. Tried their pad thai , it was good enough. I had a curry based dish last time and it was alright as well. Big proportion, shared it with my friend. Good options for vegeterian people.The greatest item on the menu has got to be the Kang Kung Belacan, which is a convulus dish with spicy malaysian shrimp paste sauce.Came here in search of roti and noodles. While the roti canai was awesome, the Thai Basil Noodles were under-seasoned and kind of forgettable.
Service was fine, Chinatown norm, though we did have to ask several times to get someone to bring water. 
Place is nice inside. Cool, clean. Worth checking out but not a new fave.My favorite place to eat. I always get the beef or chicken satay with an order of the roti canai and Malaysian iced tea. I come here all the time especially with a big group of people. Last time I went was July 4th, Atmosphere is great except it was busy and I kept getting rushed, my waiter took my menu out my hands before I could even look at my entrees. Other then that I love coming here.You let me down, Yelp.  This place wasn't good.  I tried three things: some kind of tofu burrito-like appetizer, char keow teow, and Buddha's tofu.
The tofu burrito-thing was alright.  I give it three stars.  I'm not sure what it was, and I can't remember it's name.  (Sorry!)  It's an appetizer, and it was my favorite part of the meal.  It looked a little like a wet burrito.
The Buddha's tofu was sub-par.  It tasted exactly like something you'd get a cheap Chinese restaurant in a rural town.  It was a mound of vegetables and tofu, but nothing tasted fresh and the sauce was bland and bad.
The char keow teow was worse.  It had few vegetables and and basically no sauce.  It tasted like noodles that had been soaked in oil and served alone.  Virtually no flavor/taste.  Worse yet, it left a little bit of a queasy feeling.  Stay away.Since the price is low and quantity is big,it was our favorite spot. But when we went there second time we ordered chicken and fried rice. Chicken tasted like different and we found a piece of chicken which looked really bad. Before leaving we called the manager and showed him that. He apologized but we Realized that we CAN'T expect much from this low price.
My brother got food poisoning just at that night and Never going there.In the heart of Chinatown, Penang serves a competitive roti canai. This amazing appetizer is a large pancake served with a creamy and delicious curry sauce. I had to stop myself from eating it all since I also ordered the shrimp and okra for my main course. I finished my dinner, enjoying the okra which was stir-fried to a perfected crisp, and I loved the saltiness of the shrimp paste (how I missed that flavor!).Pros: The food was great. They served big portions for everyone. We all were able to share from each other's plates and still feel full. The thai iced tea was yum! It's BYOB. 
Cons: The restaurant was very crowded and there wasn't much room for my large party of 7 people. We came for dinner and most of the seafood items weren't available. They charge you if you bring your own beer though.4 1/2 stars!  Even though we are now in NYC, we were back in Philly and had to review one of our favorites Penang, as we ate here bc we missed it so much.  
We got our regular, roti canai, chow kueh teow and penang pad thai.  They are all excellent.  The roti canai was 3x as large as the ones you get in NYC and the perfect combo between crispy and soft.  
Their noodles dishes are all great, but these two are our favorites.  They never overcook their noodles, so the fried noodle dishes arent soggy.  The chow kueh teow is spicy and a little heavier, while the penang pad thai (tastes nothing like pad thai at a thai restaurat btw), is lighter which is why we like the balance.  
Their mango chicken is also great, the sauce is soo good, while at other places the sauce tastes like glamourized ketchup.  We also recommend the sauteed water convulus which has lots of garlic!  The pork dishes, king pork buff and spare ribs are also so flavorful, we could go on and on as we use to frequent this place often.Never come back. It took them 40 mins to serve the food (I only ordered noodles soup). The noodles was bad compared to other Malaysian restaurants I have been to. The cut of pork is thick and dry. Tom yum soup is too sour.Stopped by on a Saturday afternoon for lunch, and was pleasantly surprised! My family is from Singapore, and we always love a good meal from the region. We ordered roti canai, nasi lemak, char kway teow, poh piah, and egg kway teow. The dishes were authentically made, and portions were huge! This was made better by how reasonably priced everything was. The total bill came out to $37 (not including tip) for party of 5, and we couldn't even finish everything. It's always pretty crowded, and I can see why. Best meal we had in Philly.Love love love this place. Eat here atleast twice a month.
Do yourself a favor. If your not asian don't go out of your comfort level and order some crazy meal. Stick to rice or noodles. I have recommended this place to a few and they always wind up ordering some dishes that even my boyfriend who is chinese and eats basically everything snubbed his nose at. 
The Indian pancake and any of the satays are amazing! I highly recommend the satay tofu even if you aren't a huge tofu eater like myself. 
Looking for great eats cheap? Eat it!Highly recommended, great service, the food is so good, planing to go there again, nasi lemak for next time .I use to be obsessed with this place when I first discovered the foods in Chinatown. After immersing myself in Chinatown and trying all the diverse foods, this place is still one of my favorites. I probably came here a little too much, to the point where the people recognized my voice on the phone. Do give this place a try if you are in the area and up for Malaysian or Cambodian food. I still come visit this place from time to time.
When I come, I get my regular beef tripe curry and Hainanese Chicken to share with friends. The waiters are friendly and do their best to understand you. English is not their first language, so sometimes its better just to point at the words and pictures on the menu. I like the atmosphere here, it can fit almost any occasion. Good for large groups, dates, causal gatherings, dinner with coworkers.Definitely a famous Malaysian restaurant in China town and probably my 1st one since I moved to Philly years ago. Love their food in general and they have good amount of flavor in each option. And the price is resonable.Excellent food! I had the pad thai and it was excellent.  They told us it would be a 20 minute wait (which we didn't mind) and it was actually more like 8 minutes.  They turn the tables very fast and the service was excellent!Ah. The ever popular Penang. It's a great inexpensive restaurant. I love the ambiance, it's a great place to take someone that's never had Malaysian food. 
I do have celiac and they were aware of gluten intolerance. They have one entree on the menu that is gluten free (or can be made gluten free) the Singapore noodles. Which was good. But for someone like me, I would opt to go someplace else. 
They do offer drinks! Wine and beer available.Order: Roti Canai, Chicken Satay, Curry Mee
Price: $29
Pros: Hands down the best Roti and Satay I've ever eaten, 
Cons: The food was exceptionally spicy (I loved it so not a negative, just fair warning)
Thoughts: As our final meal for the day we settled on Penang mostly due to the amazing reviews for Roti which we both love. It also got phenomenal reviews for almost everything else. Apparently we got pretty lucky because when we showed up the restaurant was mostly empty and, based on reviews, the place can get very busy at times. The interior design was very interesting; some of the tables were small round steel tables that almost looked like a wok with a metal disk as a lid. Overall it looked very much like a Chinese market, and led to a unique overall décor choice. I've seen it done in a similar way several times but this was the first one that did it effectively.
Once we sat down and got our customary tea we put in our order we were surprised how quickly the food came out. We were unsurprised but delighted that both the roti and satay were delicious. The roti was thin but not too crunchy and the spicy peanut sauce was just mouth wateringly perfect, just the right level of spicy with plenty of flavor. The satay was perfect as well, crisp exterior with moist interior, tons of flavor cooked into the chicken, and the perfect sauce to accompany the chicken. We both loved the appetizers and would have easily eaten two of three of them.
Once we polished off the appetizers we moved onto the main course. Once we dug in, we confirmed my suspicion that my wife basically just doesn't like traditional Chinese food. The Curry Mee was honestly good, if exceptionally spicy, but neither of us liked it. I don't want to talk too much about it because I don't believe it was the quality of the food that caused us to not like it, it was just the type of food and I really don't want to knock a place because I don't like their type of food.
We absolutely loved the roti and satay, and I would go out of my way to eat here again. I'd probably try some other dishes as well and if you already know you like authentic Chinese then you should make sure to stop in,Not bad, its a chain apparently. I had stay, the pancake stuff, and flat noodles i think. they were pretty good.I have eaten hear three times in the last three years, and this time was my last.  The food was bland.  The manager hovered over us as we were looking at menus suggesting appetizers and entrees, to the point of turning the pages himself and pointing them out.  Very annoying.I've been to Penang about five times now. The food pretty decent. The roti with chicken curry on the appetizer menu is the must try item here. There was never a dish that I hated. This place lost two stars because of how creepy the Hispanic men in the kitchen are. It's impossible to eat without them trying to make eye contact or blowing kisses. To get to the bathroom, you have to walk past them all. Three of my girlfriends and my little sisters have all felt uncomfortable eating here. I can't even get started on how much leering they do. This is my most negative review of service ever, and I'm a waitress so I'm very understanding of service workers.I came here with five friends one of whom is deathly allergic to cucumbers. We placed our initial order and asked the waitress to make sure our food did not contain cucumbers. She said that the beef normally comes with cucumbers but she would tell the kitchen to not include them. Our first round of food came without cucumbers.
We then asked for an order of vegetable spring rolls. The spring rolls came on top of a bed of cucumbers so we politely reminded the waitress that our friend is deathly allergic to cucumbers. The waitress was clearly very angry and proceeded to yell at us saying we did not tell her that we did not want cucumbers.
Although the food was good and the bus boys were excellent, my friends and I will never be returning. Safety should be a restaurant's top priority and customers should never be disrespected. There are many other excellent restaurants in Chinatown.This business under new management! Rumor said been sold for $5 million
So its not authenthic malaysian food no more. The owner now is fu chow chinese
Taste is so so now...
The owner look like don't know what to do or confused to take the order!
Wish you the best Penang!Came here for dinner Sunday night. There was no wait so we were seated immediately. It's hard to find good Malaysian restaurants in N.Y. so when I saw this one in Philly I must try.
We ordered the roti (always good), steamed chicken dumplings (nothing special) for starters. The order the bah kuh teh (herbal soup), lady fingers, and half of the Hainanese chicken. It was just the 2 of us but we were a bit greedy. Oh and we each ordered a drink and rice on the side.
The quality of the food is as I remembered. It was good but was slightly disappointed with the Hainanese chicken. What makes the chicken amazing is that thin layer of gel (fat) underneath the skin, it didn't have that. It was just a plain over cooked chicken in soy sauce but everything else was good.So delicious! The chicken mango (light spicy) was sweet and tasty. I ordered coconut flavored rice since the server informed me that dish doesn't come with rice. It was the perfect complement. My companion's seafood with crispy noodles had more broth than he would have liked, and not enough shrimp or squid...mostly scallops. The atmosphere was lively and the service friendly.Best Malaysian food in town! Always serving my favorites and consistent in taste every time. I bring my Family and friends here all the time and they always enjoyed a good meal.
Never cease to bore me with their cooking. I really love the dessert chendol but sometimes they make it smaller than usual. One time it's half the amount I usually get. I don't want to complain because I come here all the time but if I ever get smaller than what it's suppose to be again I will definitely say something next time
If it's your first time here you have to try: haianese chicken, rotti canai, chendol, crispy golden fried squid, Malaysian bbq ribs, mango chicken, water crest, seafood tofu soupOn the original advice of my Chinese file clerk, after hearing my woes of finding great Pad Thai in downtown Philadelphia, she told me to head to Panang. I would have never considered a Malaysian restaurant for my favorite noodle dish. Indeed their Pad Thai is great, and the price is less than $10, which further makes it so addictive. I also love their Chow Kueh Teow and often order both dishes for take-out. 
I've also been and had some of their more unique dishes, often denoted by "ask your server" on the menu. My boyfiend and I are quite adventurous in our eating styles, so nothing was too scary or weird for us. That said, you really have nothing to fear. 
My boyfriend enjoyed their curry dishes as his main, and I stuck to my usual. Perhaps its the Leo in me that is quite loyal, but I cannot go to Penang and not have their Pad Thai or Chow Kueh Teow. It is just that good.Awesome melasian food!  I went here with a friend of mine who is Melasian... and he helped our whole group order.  The indian pancakes were SO SO good!  Everything everyone ordered was good except for the pho (or something that looked like pho).  I ordered my shrimp lo mein without spices and it was very very good.  They weren't the fastest place, but other than that... one of the best places in chinatown for sure! I plan on going back very soon and will add more...This was my first time eating Malaysian, went to Penang because of a friends suggestion. Had the Roti Canai, it was very tasty, friend in our group had the octopus or squid? It was a bowl of tentacles and grossed me out, but he loved it, so if that's your thing it's good too. We had good service, I'm curious about the items on the menu that you have to talk to the wait staff about before ordering... but not curious enough to order them!Aside from their business being extremely busy during the weekends and their lack of space to wait when there is a rush of people, they serve pretty good food. However, it is kind of difficult to know which ones are good and which ones arent. Their menu is a variety. 
I've ordered many things from their menu that lacked a lot of flavor and taste. Their curry was basically a blob of brown sauce on top of shredded chicken, their duck with ginger and scallion rice was bland and tasteless, the ginger duck noodle was meh, and their hainanese chicken was ok.
But crispy golden friend squids and their fried noodles were pretty good!
When it comes to their appetizers, their home made roti canai is amazing with very delicious chicken curry! Same with the beef or chicken satays with the peanut sauce and the crispy pork intestines.LOVE this place, right in Chinatown (also visited the one in NYC). I have been at least 6 times the roti kani (I think) is awesome, its light and a great way to start a meal.  typically I head from that into the beef rendang, and wash it all down with a Malaysian iced tea (dunno what they put in that stuff).  
The peanut sauce served with the satay is amazing, I could eat that alone all day if I wanted.
I don't have a ton of experience with Malaysian cuisine, but this place to me is absolutely great.A group of 7 of us went here on a Thursday night. The service was terrible. The waiter was so curt and kind of rude. It also charges 2$ per bottle of beer you open there even though the place is BYOB. I wish we had known that before we went because my friend was not happy about that; the rest of us had wine and it wasn't that bad. 
The food was pretty cheap. A noodle dish with seafood came out to $10 with tip which is pretty decent, but whatever I ordered was incredibly underwhelming. It was the order #1 under the noodle category in the menu. The other dishes were better, but I was unimpressed. I would not go back, especially since service was so bad.Ginger duck with scallions. Love the plethora of sliced ginger in this dish.
Consistently fresh and inexpensive. Service is amazing. The dining area is huge, so this is a good space for large groups.Good service, delicious food! Make sure to try the curry dish with bread. It is truly wonderful!The food is good. But the space is uncared for and depressing in a post  industrial way. My waiter. An older bald guy, to be avoided, just was plain rude. They clearly do so much business not to care. I would carry out but certainly not eat here again.*NOTE: This review is solely about one take-out item...but it was delicious!*
We ordered the Hu Nan chicken home and it was GREAT!! It reminds me of some street food that I would always eat in Thailand. I know this is a Malaysian restaurant, but the spices and flavoring of the sauce tasted of pure Thailand to me! Hu Nan chicken is pretty much soy sauce chicken served over a bed of rice that comes with some sweet soy sauce and this orange, spicy sauce. It is DELICIOUS when you combine the 2 sauces together over your chicken for that perfect tangy, spicy flavor. Now I want to come back and try some of their other dishes as well! 
Pros:
- Delicious food that tasted pretty authentic to me! 
- Very quick about their take out orders
Cons:
- Impossible to find parking outside of Penang! It's really tough to pick up food from here as well
Why I gave it a 4.....
Penang offers great food that has authentic flavors. I only ordered take out here but now I want to dine here and enjoy the ambience because it looks really nice from the outside! I took a star away because it's so difficult to find parking around this place and I just don't want to completely judge it based off of one dish.I am not a big fan of chain restaurants, but I keep going to Penang b/c several friends have some kind of infatuation with it (and they're Asian). I find the food acceptable if not amazing- the roti canai is always fun, and they do a good job of accommodating vegetarians. Open relatively late- not worth a wait when there are so many other steps-away options. Aesthetically more pleasing than the average zero decor Chinatown restaurant.Great menu and prices.  I highly recommend the Indian pancake.  It tasted so good, and as an appetizer, it was sized to share and was relatively inexpensive.  The service was pretty good, too, but as for drinks, I really wish there were more beer options.Yummmy Shrimp Lo Mien Soup!!
The prices are great .
The service is a little dicey because this spot is crowded with customers . 
They have a few large round tables to accommodate  small parties .Friendly, efficient staff. The food was wonderful - lots of fresh vegetables are used.  The noodle/beef dish we ordered, beef chow fun, was not over sauced and the noodles and beef were thin and tender.My friend is in from out of town and we were  hungry. We like walking around and trying new places. We found this place and decided to give it a shot. Unfortunately-
      I was highly disappointed with this meal.
I asked for an 'Ice lemon tea' and the server suggested a Malaysian tea, He said it was better and made with milk. I acquiesced even though i should have stuck with what I originally had wanted. It wasn't bad, just not what I had wanted. I also requested something spicy. When I asked if the Curry chicken was spicy, He stated it  was "very hot and spicy". I must say it was the blandest food I have  ever tasted.I threw a whole cup of Sriracha on it and it still couldn't save it. The meal left much to be desired. I wouldn't return.This is my favorite Malaysian/Thai place in Philadelphia. I have been coming here since 2008 and I never get disappointed with food and service. I love getting their chicken satay and Roti Canai as apps andI would highly recommend these two to those that are beginners to Malaysian and Thai food!My favorite restaurant in Philadelphia. The food is amazing and reasonably priced and it's BYOB which is a plus for me. I've never been disappointed in the food or service. Highly recommend the Indian pancake, mee siam, chicken satay, and the mango chicken. But I'm sure you couldn't go wrong with anything on the menu.Went here with a friend on a Saturday afternoon after running some errands in Center City, and it was a great decision! I wasn't particularly willing to be half a block away from Banana Leaf and go somewhere other than their delicious place, but I was convinced otherwise, and I'm glad I gave it a shot.
The spicy seafood and veggie soup, along with the roti canai, was amazing as expected, and the veggie pad thai was fantastic as well. Service was a tad spotty, as the waters took a bit to be refilled, but that really wasn't that big of a concern for me, considering that the food quality was out of this world.
Food came quickly, tasted amazing, and the bill came out to 35 bucks for a solid lunch. Can't really complain at all! Definitely another must-try if you're in the area!
Now, the real question is which is better, Banana Leaf or Penang, and that's a doozy of a quandary...I used to go here all the time before i discovered an inexpensive equivalent only a block away.  They only accept cash so make sure you hit the ATM before you dine.  Food is tasty but definitely pricey for chinatown.If your looking for "Americanized" asian food, keep walking.  This stuff is authentic, it's spicy, it's friendly, and above all, it's filled with Asians (which is my ultimate barometer).  You'll be back....In town for a few days, and found Penang restaurant with the help of Yelp!!!  Who knew that Philadelphia had good Malaysia food!!!  We really enjoyed dining at this restaurant, and had a good meal.  We had Roti Canai--very good pancakes, plus you watch them being made in the kitchen next to you; good curry sauce with the chunks of chicken.  My companion had noodles, and liked them; I had Nasi Lemuk which was very tasty (but different than the nasi lemuk I've had when made by Indonesians)I've been here several times over the years and have always enjoyed to the food. Recently, I tried the Chow Kueh Teow. Tasty, but wish it was spicier. I'll definitely be returning.I definitely had an amazing Christmas dinner at Penang.  They served delicious Malaysian food that will be hard to compare with other places.  #1 on the appetizers menu (pancake ish thing with aloo chicken curry sauce) was one of the best, but my favourite was #12 spring roll with spicy sauce.  The salted fish fried rice wasn't that special (and I thought the fish was a little too salted in my opinion).  The seaweed seafood soup had a little too much ginger but it definitely added to the smell and the taste.  Also, another favourite is the Malay Noodles.  It was SOOO spicy but SOOO good at the same time.  It's one of those dishes that you would keep eating despite the spiciness.
The food was definitely a 5 star.  The service was okay too.  The waitress only stopped once during the meal to make sure everything was fine.  Usually there's a long wait at this restaurant but we only had to wait about 10 minutes and the food didn't take long to serve.
The atmosphere of the restaurant is like being in an alley way.  The decorated textured walls and the tin roofs sets a unique surrounding.  It definitely looks like it has been professionally decorated.
Unlike may other restaurants in Chinatown, the staff here can speak and understand English.  It is definitely worth the money, not too expensive.  $32 for 3 people on DINNER!!Good food, overall, but the quality is inconsistent.  Nice atmosphere, and not so crowded at lunch during the week.  A few of the servers are really racist--don't ask me if I have 'ever eaten here before' because I am white (and have eaten here about 100 times), but not asking my Asian dining companions, who have never eaten here, the same question.  It is rude, condescending, and idiotic.  I now precede my order with, 'yes, I have eaten here before'. Putting that aside, the place serves really good food on most days.I've been to Penangs from Jersey to California, and they're all pretty much the same.
Roti canai, the old standby, is just as good here as anywhere else. However, the satay tofu was a bland mess. I love satay tofu when it's done right, but I have yet to find a place in Philly that does it right. 
The Hainanese chicken was good (half a chicken is more than enough for two people), and the tiny tentacles of the crispy spicy squid were uniquely crunchy and tangy. They could serve this stuff packaged as delicious junk food from a vending machine. 
Your average Malaysian place, though not too shabby. Maybe 3.5 stars.Get the roti canai here because it is freaking delicious with their flavorful curry chicken sauce. It's basically the only thing I order for myself when I come here but I decided to try something new. I got the asam laksa and wow, it was super sour with a hint of spiciness. It was not to my liking but I won't let that ruin my experience here. I also got thai basil chicken and mee siam. The thai basil shrimp was incredibly oily and it was sort of bland and I guess I'll have to blame the laksa for that but the mee siam was just perfect. Squeeze a little lemon over the noodles and dig in. In my opinion, it definitely pairs well with the roti canai. The acidity from the mee siam cuts through the saltiness of their curry chicken sauce and coats your tongue which leaves you wanting more of each. Service was definitely not a problem as it was not busy and it was a great dinner.I come here again and again for the Roti Canai. Very fast service and I usually order this as my appetizer as we are sitting down. I also lately have been getting the vegetable clay pot. It has a similar tomato/coconut milk base as the roti canai but filled with my favorite vegetables. You can see pieces of tofu, Chinese eggplant, okra, green beans, and mushrooms floating in the curry base. This portion is very large and enough to share with 2-4 people. My boyfriend and I split it and ate way too much. We could have easily ordered more rice and shared it with more people. 
The ambiance is fine with tables close together and it is normally always busy and occasionally has a line. The service as I said is always quick and the meals are very reasonably priced.Overall kind of disappointed. The food was just alright. I got the chicken Thai basil and my husband got the prawn mee soup and they were completely average. Service was terrible. Also this is not a BYOB there's a $10 corkage fee and they offer a very limited selection of beer and wine. With all the great choices in Chinatown we probably won't be coming back.We enjoyed it. We arrived around 1:30pm on a Saturday for lunch. Walked right in and were seated. We were given complimentary tea which we liked. I ordered Mango Chicken. My husband ordered black pepper steak. His was much better than mine. Food came out hot and timely. The waitress was quick to inform us that this is a Malaysian restaurant, not Chinese. I think she over heard my husband say he wanted an egg roll. They don't offer them. Lol. Overall good experience. We not big Chinatown people but it was okay.Pretty good food, the price is decent and a good deal considering the portions.  There are many food options on the menu, but there are no cocktails.  Wine and beer selections are decent.Went to Penang last night for an impromptu dinner with friends. I've been there once before, but let me just tell you, last night's meal was on point.
We started with the Roti Canai and Chicken Satay. Both great. Then I had the beef chow fun as my entree. Hit the spot.
The food arrived quickly and if you asked me who our server was, I'd never be able to tell you. I think about 5 different people serviced the table. Fine by me.
If only one complaint, I'd appreciate a larger beer selection. They have the standard domestic fare (Bud, Yuengling, etc) but are lacking on the imports (Heineken doesn't really count). I settled for the Tsing Tao.
According to wikipedia, "Penang [the island, not the restaurant] was recognized as having the Best Street Food in Asia by TIME magazine in 2004." Philly's own Penang brings the streets to the kitchen. Which sounds gross, but isn't.The first Penang I set foot in, I didn't realize this was a chain until much much later.
Oyster pancakes were delicious, although skimped a bit on the oysters, but it reminded me of my childhood a bit. The roti canai and other appetizers are pretty good, too, although the satay skewers have come out both very good and very charred before, so it's a toss-up on quality there.
Almost always get a noodle dish (pearl noodles are good) as well as one other - mango chicken is ordered a lot here, but I find it's not that tasty, the mango is more a novelty than really good dish.  The Hainanese chicken is usually a favorite, and the fish varies day-to-day - sometimes it ends up flaky, other times it ends up dry.
Dessert - chendol and ABC seem almost the same, basically shaved ice with different toppings. Don't bother getting a lychee drink, it's just lychee out of the can with a bunch of ice and a little syrup.
A long wait at times during the dinner hours, so arrive early if you can. Seating is based on if you're all there or not, and they don't take reservations.Food was mediocre. i loved the app chicken wings. my all time favorite indian pancakes was however, a little disappointing, pancakes were a little to greasy.One thing I've noticed (and loved) about Penang is the variety of people who dine there. I can't think of another ethnic food restaurant that has such a diverse dining crowd, which I think says a lot for the restaurant. 
Get the mango chicken (or tofu) you'll thank me :)Extensive menu and great Malay food. There is definietely a shortage of Malaysian restaurants.I've been eating at this place for years! And I still love it!
They sell real authentic Asian/Southeast Asian food. They don't "Americanize" their food like the typical Chinese restaurants in your neighborhood. Penang is a Malaysian Restaurant, so their cuisines are a mixture of Chinese, Thai, Singaporean, and Indian tastes. 
I don't even know which food I would recommend, because I've tried almost all of them and I'm always satisfied with the order.
This place is good for big party too, they have the big round table. 
Parking: street meter parking and parking garage. There's a parking lot 2 stores down that allow you to park for $10 for the whole day.
They accept credit cards, no bar, and does take out. I usually called for take out and they never disappoint me.Love this place come here all the time! Love the number 1 noodles and the beef chow fun noodles! There chicken/ beef satay is amazing and it comes with an awesome peanut sauce. The roti Cani Indian pancake is also a favorite. Service is always great and our food comes out really fast. Definitely a favorite.Lol it was far less than aight.
Lol
^literally all I can say
The meat smells baddd like shit dude
Service was also less than aight.
Like it was song jung gi bad.
The interior was interesting.
I'm rolling now
Adios amigos peace outHaving never tried Malaysian cuisine, I didn't know what to expect, but it was the perfect blend of asian and indian fare.  For starters, the Indian pancake was great, the Prawn Mee Soup packed a kick (but I kind of liked it), and the Malaysian Spareribs... damn those were good.  I didn't think I could eat another bite until the fried ice cream came out... it was gone in like 2 minutes... will definitely go back.went on Friday night. It was busy but we were seated quickly. The roti and satay appetizers we ordered were great. However, the clay pot noodles and tomyam noodles we ordered were terrible. The tomyam noodles smelled off (have had tomyam at another place before). The clay pot noodles gave me food poisoning. Never coming here again.Great go-to byob spot in Chinatown.  The best appetizer I always order there is the roti canai.  The wings are pretty good too.  If you love the curry that comes with the roti canai, order the boneless chicken curry rice dish.Some of the best food I have ever eaten.   I want everything on the menu.  Can get intensely busy! It's fun to sit near the kitchen and watch the performance while you wait for your delicious food.  Try it all! Take some home!Their roti canai, beef satay, rendang, pad thai and fried ice cream are delicious. The ambiance is great and the staff are helpful. It does get really packed when it's busy hour but Penang is my go-to Malaysian place in Chinatown.I was really impressed by this place.  It is very similar to the nearby Banana Leaf (my review: http://www.yelp.com/biz/banana-leaf-philadelphia#hrid:yatXxKiQqS4CDWviDyUNZA ), which I was equally impressed by.  They are so similar in food, price, decor, that it is hard to distinguish them.  I will say, I think this place has a very slightly nicer decor.  But the decor is very similar--big, dark, and kind of open.  This place is a bit brighter, bigger, and more open, but still basically dark.  Prices are very reasonable.  You can eat for under $10 a person, and the quality is exceptional for this price range.
I came here with my dad; he ordered the Hainan Chicken, it was outstanding...very tender (steamed!) chicken on a bed of cucumber with some carrots, rice on the side, and a very flavorful sauce that was spicy, tangy, and had some interesting and novel flavors.  I had a fried rice noodle dish with egg, mixed seafood, and bean sprouts.  Both dishes were outstanding.
Service was good.
The menu here is huge, I really would like to come back and check out more of it.  The food is vaguely reminiscent in some ways to Thai food, but it has a more mellow flavor, less sweet, less sour, less spicy.  The only thing I found slightly lacking about the menu is that many of the dishes are a tad heavy on the carbs and meat, more so than, for instance, Thai food.  But they are still fairly balanced.
My only other complaint about this place is that I do not think that spiciness ratings correspond at all to the spiciness of the food.  My dish was marked spicy and had no noticeable heat or peppers in it, my dad's was not and his came with a sauce that had quite a kick to it.  Just so you know.
But these are minor caveats.  This is a five-star place.Been coming to this place for about 15yrs and it remains consistently good. Never disappoints and has been the go to spot in Philly Chinatown. Now I'm craving for the Roti Canai. YumWith its metallic, hovering, spiraling decor and atmosphere in a sea of the expected shady Chinatown eateries, you'd expect it to be a fancy affair. You would be wrong, J. Fenimore Cooper.
I went with two friends for a Saturday dinner. The place was certainly bustling and looked promising. But the menu had absolutely nothing for me, with my options cut down to two simple vegetarian dishes. I instead decided to get a more intriguing egg noodle and vegetable dish sans the shrimp. Almost everything here is prepared with squid, shrimp, or meats. And while I'm not at all accustomed to Malaysian eats, I thought it odd that even the dishes listed under "Vegetable" had slices of roast pork and beef. 
We had a table on bar chairs right next to the entrance, so of course a guy's elbow was practically in my food, and the first bad sign was the luke-warm water, which, as described by a friend, tasted "fresh from the garden hose."
But the food came reasonably quick, and while none of us were pleased (my "special sauce" turned out to be greasy soy sauce, my friends curry noodle soup had really poor tasting peppers wrapped around tofu cubes, and my other friend's squid was just "okay") everything was plated well, and the staff brought us more rice and "fresh" water often. 
The bean sprouts, carrots, cabbage, and mushrooms in my dish were fresh, but nothing ordered was spectacular or worthy of a return. I'd recommend one of those shady Chinatown spots with live frogs in a glass case over this any day. Don't believe the hype.Good affordable food.  Generous portions.  Friendly server.   No reason not to go.
Roti Canai was banging good.  Also ordered the Penang Poh Piah and although it was a bit sloppy, it tasted great.
My dinner companion had the Curry mixed vegetable in clay pot.  It was a generous serving, but not as flavorful as one might have hoped.  Was missing a bit of 'oomph'.  I had the Thai basil noodles which were good, but took forever to come out.  
All in all, pretty solid and enjoyable, but not memorable.  I'll definitely come back though as they have some other intriguing menu items.Eee this place is so cool!
Normally I like my Asian hole-in-the-wally (except for PF Changs, which is a guilty pleasure), but this place is no hole-in-the-wall. It's got several locations in multiple cities! Gasp! Now before all the hipsters run away, this is far from a chain. Really honest food, no stupid designs on the plates or whistles like that. The semi-open kitchen allows you to see several guys working at big woks and boiling fresh noodles. If you're really close, you can see the guy whipping around the elastic dough for the roti before deep frying it. I had the Curry Mee, a rich, spicy, coconut milk soup with thick noodles and random things that once lived under the sea. The sea critters weren't that great, but I loved the noodles in the broth. The boyfriend got the Mee Siam, which is an excellent plate of noodles. I'm very excited to come back and try some other things. I think the food quality here is very high. Strangely enough our waitress checked us out as soon as our dishes were clean so we never got to order dessert. Ended up going to Bread Top bakery. You should go there, too.Definitely try the roti canai and the fried crispy squid!!! Those two items were the highlight of my meal. I also tried the fried pearl noodles and sizzling chicken, which were both very delicious meals. The staff was very welcoming and accommodating since my boyfriend and I had to carry multiple items since we're visiting from NY. The food was good and I highly recommend it!I visited Pennang for the first time when I took my friend out for her birthday. Pennang was her favorite restaurant and she raved about it constantly so I figured that the only way to get her to shut up about it was to take her.
It turns out that the food WAS pretty good. I had the mango chicken which was similar to sweet and sour chicken, it was just ok. I found the glaze to be a tad sweet for my liking. I forget what my friend ordered but I do remember that it was some type of pepper dish and I liked it better than mine.
The highlight of my trip came when I discovered that they made their fried ice cream dessert with coconut ice-cream (see my review on Roy's). I was in heaven. Pure coconutty heaven. I definitely recommend this place for a special event or just if you feel like being adventurous.This place is great! The restaurant is spacious and clean. The service super quick and efficient. Being my first time at this place, I took a while to look through the menu and during that time our waiter checked up on us like 4 times. They're a little too efficient. 
I had the chance to try three dishes here, mainly recommended by fellow yelpers: the Roti Canai, Hainanese chicken and beef satay. The Roti Canai came with this flatbread that has similar texture to Dosa. It's real thin and has a crisp to it. The side of coconut curry was delicious and really complemented the flatbread. The Hainanese chicken was pretty simple, just steamed chicken in light soy sauce. The flavors worked well together and the chicken was cooked perfectly. The side of rice that came with this dish was delicious as well. It's not your regular rice. It's nicely seasoned and has a yellowish tint to it. I could probably just eat the rice by itself. The beef satay had a sweetness to it and the side of peanut dipping sauce added an extra layer of sweetness as well. I wish the satay was a tad more savory than sweet. 
Overall, I enjoyed my dinning experience at Penang and so glad that there's a delicious Malaysian place right in Philly.Pretty good fare.  I think it's an example of a place not too affected by being a chain.  The inside was nice and not kitschy chainey looking.  
The singapore rice noodles were really good.  The coconut rice is a must to eat with the dishes.  Three of us were able to share two dishes and an appetizer and it was plenty.
I love duck, but the duck noodle soup didn't win me over.  It wasn't horrible but not spectacular.  The service is over attentive in a good way (yes, over attentive can be in a bad way too)
I'd probably pick somewhere else in chinatown first but if someone invited me I'd go back.Entering the restaurant instantly transports you away from Philly and into the south east. The ambience, the decor, along with the subtle music really sets the scene that welcomes you not just to a great meal, but almost as a mini getaway for the occasion. My party ended up ordering the coveted Roti Canai, which lived up to its name (sauce was phenomenal!) we also got the Indian mee goreng which we felt went well with Sriracha. A friendly accommodating staff with great service added to an overall was great experience.In a city filled with good restaurants (and no, Stephen Starr, I am NOT talking about your establishments), Penang stands out as a trendy, classy, innovative dining experience, with the kind of food that makes you want to gush about your Asian travels (your belly's adventure, that is). Penang is also the place to go if you are looking to challenge yourself a bit gastronomically.
The beef satay is a rich, spicy celebration of tender meat in your mouth, with a peanut sauce that takes no prisoners. They also serve fabulously spicy seafood soups, a divine roti,  and a wonderful chicken dish that is served in a rice noodle meringue bird's nest. Truly, I have never had a dish I did not enjoy.
The restaurant is typically busy, with waiters who valiantly try to communicate with you, sometimes with mixed results. Penang only takes cash, so be prepared to sprint a few blocks if you find that your wallet is empty (I have done this before). Believe me, it will be worth it. Highly recommended.Came back after 10yrs. Roti canai was cold and curry was so salty beyond enjoyment :( - I lived in Singapore and missed the food. It is a dying breed of food in the US. I hope it stay alive here in Phili.Can't go wrong with roti canai, I highly suggest the king pork buff. Deep fried pork in bbq sauce, it might be too sweetbfor some, ask for less sauce in that case.When we arrived at the restaurant which was quite empty at 5:45 pm, we were seated quickly and served refreshingly hot tea. Even though I had looked at the menu beforehand, there were still many items to carefully read through. The Penang Poh Piah appetizer was a room temperature wrap of vegetables, topped with an amazingly flavorful sauce. While I'm not normally a fan of vermicelli noodles, I was very pleased with ordering Mee Siam. The steaming hot noodles were well seasoned, if a bit oily, and the tofu and vegetables struck a perfect balance of crisp and chewy. The thin slices of pristine hard boiled eggs placed on top of the dish served more of an aesthetic purpose than for flavor.
The service was average, and I was a bit surprised that we had to motion that we were ready to order given the rarefied dining room. We also had to ask to be given glasses of water, but it was all promptly brought out. 
Finally, the prices were extremely reasonable, coming out to $13 per person. Considering we left with 2 meals in leftovers, I'd say it was an exceptional fare for the price.Definitely the number 1 Malaysian restaurant in Chinatown! It beats out its competitors in ambiance, food quality, and service for sure. If only it wasn't kinda pricey for being Chinatown food, I'd give it a full five stars. 
I have to say my very favorite meal is a combination of the following:
-Hainanese Chicken (half is quite substantial and oh, ever so tender and juicy!)
-Kang Kung Belacan (it's listed as the fifth item on the Vegetable section of the menu)
-Side bowl of rice to share (just to add a little more substance)
Yum yum yum, I just went yesterday and my friend actually introduced me to the combination of these items. I owe her big time, because I just want to go again and get the exact same things ASAP. Of course the Roti Canai is always excellent as an app so if you have more peeps, throw that in the mix as well!
I highly recommend going with a friend or two, and trying the above items together. Remember, family style is the best style :PTraditional Penang food, Rendang, Bak Kut Teh, Popiah, are must try...... Satay is a little too sweetWent to Penang again for lunch today...yum!! I got the Thai Basil Noodles, which were SUPER yummy. I asked for medium heat and they were definitely mild, but the flavor was excellent. The roti canai was delicious as well...we got to watch them making the roti. My sister got the Penang seafood fried rice, which was good but didn't have a ton of flavor. She enjoyed it but wouldn't order it again. For 2 entrees and an appetizer, the bill was $21 + tip. Good deal!Love this place! Red curry, mango chicken, pad thai, and mee goreng are all good.
Roti for appetizers is good - the dipping sauce is even better!
And the price is not bad at all considering the good food.Mee siam was very good. Such kind and friendly service! Appetizer, two entrees and a drink came to $27! Definitely will be back!Large restaurant with plenty of seating. Food comes out quick and service is decent.
I've ordered plenty of dishes here through the numerous times I've been, but my favorite has definitely been their curry. I order the Roti Canai as an appetizer and I take it even a step further and order the chicken curry with coconut rice as my meal.
Some of their stir fry dishes can be a tad on the extremely greasy side, so if you're not really looking to eat a ton of oil, I would recommend trying something else.
Overall: Great place if you have a large group (or even alone) and looking for good food.I was pretty impressed with Penang...having just moved here a few months ago I heard it was really good. Best thing is that we came here aftter a concert at the Troc and it was one of the restaurants that still had a good amount of people at midnight. it's probably one of the nicer looking restaurants in Chinatown. After looking through the menu we decided to go with the Roti Canaii, under the fried noodle section the Chow Kueh Teow, Penang Kari Ayam (chicken in curry sauce) . Roti Canaii was great...fresh roti better than the other malaysian place down the street for sure. The noodle dish was actually very good and we ordered it spicy! The penang Kari ayam was pretty tasty although the oil that was leftover was pretty disgusting...but overally pretty good with some rice. place is cheap too which is always a plus we had leftovers to bring home for tomorrow :-) yum!Great authentic delicacies here!! Always happy with the choices here! The seafood pad Thai is to die for! It's a BYOB as well!