I went here with my family for brunch.  I highly recommend!!  We got there shortly after it opened so it was relatively quiet and not busy at all.  Great decor and relaxed atmosphere.  The service was great and the food was amazing.  I highly recommend the shrimp and grits if you like savory grits.  My family got the French toast and omelettes and raved about each. The French toast is definitely a large portion, so tackle if you're really hungry.  I would definitely come back!!Go here if you had been to most of the different bars and trendy gin joints in Philly - and you are craving for duck fat fries, oysters, and delicious pate appetizer.  yumm...
It's centrally located - not too far from other trendy bars and restaurants, the Reading Terminal, and Chinatown, if your iron gut is craving for the mysterious and slightly above average Asian food, such as General Tso's chicken.  Who the heck is General Tso and I would bet that he has never eaten this seemingly popular dish (with its own documentary on Netflix)? 
I like the happy hour selection here, the hip vibe, the live jazz band, and the duck fat fries.  Prices are reasonable at this bi-level restaurant/bar. Not the largest place and I wouldn't consider this place for a romantic outing.  It can get quite loud  and crowded, to the point where the aimless chatter, the elbows, and drunkenness, could result in a hazardous environment.  Despite the risks, I am a fan of this establishment and will take an elbow or two just for the awesome fries.I know this place is new, so I won't hate on them too much... The atmostphere and decore are really great. Staff was super friendly, drinks were yummy but where they lacked most was the food. The food is everything! Started with the spicy maple bacon peanuts, they were good to snack on but not wow worthy. Next tried the burrata cheese app. It was basically a lump of mozzarella (obviously) with cheap toast on the side. They need to find a better bread supplier. It should be so easy to find good bread in center city. I was quite disappointed. For our main course, the open faced mushroom toasty. Again, disappointed. It was sautéed mushrooms on really bad bread (like texas toast type bread). It came with a small salad that had way too much dressing. It had such great potential, but fell a little flat in the flavor department. We also tried the pork colar. The pork itself was yummy, had that slow home cooked taste but again, not wow worthy. It came on top of a LARGE pile of cheese grits (way too much cheese grits). Of the 2 entrees we tried, this was the better of the 2. Lastly, desert. We had the cheese cake. It came in a cute short mason jar, which looked adorable, but made the cheesecake into this small little thing of a desert. I felt short changed :( It was tasty but could have been a bit more substancial. Overall, I know this place is new and needs to work out the kinks but they seemed to have nailed everything but the food. It was good, but it doesn't have anything to really bring me back. With all the amazing restaurants in the city, this place ranked average.Great place.  Menu was great. Drinks were real good.  Location is in agreat spot. Looking forward to another visitThis place had great food, great servers, and overall was a great experience. We ordered one of the raw bar samplers "The Grand" and all three items especially the moonstone oysters were really fresh and delicious. My wife and I also ordered the duck fat fries and to date they were the best duck fat fries we've had because they weren't too oily and were seasoned to perfection. The best part was the lemon truffle aioli they paired with the fries which just made the fries that much better. For entrees we ordered the Berkshire Pork Collar which was so tender and tasted great. It was hard to tell that it was Berkshire Pork but still was pretty good. The Lancaster Organic Chicken was also very moist and well seasoned.The Poppy seed lemon cake with lemon gel, pistachio brittle, pistachio gelato was also very tasty but the pistachio brittle could have been in larger chunks, it was too finely grated and spread around the dish, and the lemon gel was extremely sour and could have used a bit of sugar. Overall we had a great experience and the meal was great.Great place for brunch! Had the Crab Omelette and not one complaint! First time in Philadelphia for a full weekend, and first time at PA 6. Great combination!Really enjoyed the atmosphere and Happy Hour specials. The staff was friendly and helpful. Definitely suggest Philadelphia 6!Came in for happy hour to find a pretty nice menu. The bartender was great and offered up suggestions on drinks to order. He made a mean whiskey sour  My friend ordered the veggie burger and loved it, which is always a plus for us vegetarians. Definitely worth stopping by!My friend suggested this restaurant for dinner.  It is a bit out of the way for me but it was a pleasant surprise.  Very cool bar area.  We sat upstairs where we were surrounded by some of the most interesting  photos (black and white).  The food and service were great!  the server was attentive and not pushy.  We had a lot to catch up on and it was nice to be able to sit and talk and enjoy our surroundings.Charred Octopus
 - baby yukon potatoes, meyer lemon, espelette pepper, black olive vinaigrette
Yellowfin Tuna Tartare
 - roasted red peppers, charred scallions, avocado, pickled cucumbers, spicy aioli
Best introduction to raw food I've ever had :P, did not expect tuna to taste so divine!
As a restaurant of this price range ($$$), this place is as good as it can get in Philadelphia. Everything about it. The food was excellently prepared, and I would try everything on their menu. I think this is a place everybody should try, at least once - I can't really say much about their food beyond the fact that I think it's perfect.
The service is quite attentive and friendly. I was at the bar with a friend. It was a Wednesday night, and unexpectedly not so busy. What a shame! The manager or assistant manager? Ryan greeted us sometime during our meal, introduced himself and that made me quite glad the involvement of management in the restaurant. The bartender was awesome. Easy to strike up a conversation with, and seems quite happy working there. Additionally, the drinks here aren't rushed and are made with attention. 
The decor makes the place seem smaller than it actually is. Quite dark at night, dimly lit, but enough so that you know where you are. The atmosphere can be quite intimate depending on where you choose to sit, and have 3 floors to the establishment.
Definitely on my list of regular places to visit, if the opportunity ever came about.Stopped here for a happy hour date on a Friday; We had walked passed it a few weeks before so I kept it in mind, especially with my attraction to $1 oysters during happy hour. The decor was nice, gave a 30's vibe with the music that blended nicely with the scenery. My bf was a fan of the simple menu that was just the right size.
The oysters were good, clean and nicely presented. The horseradish was freshly grated on the cocktail sauce , which was a  nice touch. They featured cocktails they called Bubbly's for $5. We got the Southern Belle and the Clever Name, which were fine but our favorite was hands down the Treaty of Paris, which had the blend of honeydew and St.Germaine and it was carbonated, hence the name bubbly. It was so good.
Lastly, we got the Duck Fat fries which were really great. Hot, crispy, and well seasoned and the accompanying dipping sauce was perfect. I can see coming here again soon.Food was decent, definitely filling and satisfying despite small looking portions, which is a great thing. Went for restaurant week during a major storm so the restaurant was empty but we didn't have that many options to choose from. But I was satisfied with the meal, the service, and the overall atmosphere.My girlfriend and I were in Philly for the weekend and looking for a place to have brunch. We just happened to walk by and see Penn 6 and ended up being so happy that we stopped in!
They had a deal that included bottomless mimosas. They were excellent and promptly refilled without needing to ask once!
I ended up getting the salmon hash which included poached eggs and asparagus. I'm not always a fan of asparagus, but it was cooked perfectly as well as everything else in this dish. It was very tasty. My girlfriend got the Penn 6 Omelette which had crab meat and wild mushrooms. This was also very tasty and highly recommended. 
Our service was excellent throughout our meal as our waitress continued to refill our mimosas and make sure that we had everything we needed. We will definitely come back here if we have a chance!I stopped by here for happy hour yesterday and did not intend on eating.  The drink prices were decent and I planned on enjoying one then heading along to another place for food. I am so glad I didn't! The current happy hour gin drink they have is incredible for the price. And six delicious oysters for six bucks is unheard of. I followed this up with roasted beef marrow and I was in food heaven. The bartender, who was the nicest and most knowledgeable guy you could hope for, recommended a shot of Makers to pour down the marrow afterwards. Pure genius! Again, be kind to yourself and stop by someday for their happy hour but be sure to stay for the great grub these guys have as well.Love the decor in this place, but swanky is not a word I would use.  It's more like upscale diner decor with the red leather booths and worn wooden tables.  The downstairs tables are marble and much nicer, but upstairs where we sat the tables are old looking.
First, we got inside and the hostess was nowhere to be found.  So we waited a few minutes, found her, and have our name for the reservation.  She had to go find the reservation iPad.  When she came back a group bombarded her and checked in.  She sat them first and asked us to hold on.  That is not something I want to hear when I've already been waiting, it's a first impression for the restaurant, and I'm starving.
So once we were seated we ordered drinks.  Their wines are well selected and the champagne cocktails are fantastic- I have the "clever name" which involved blueberries and limoncello with champagne, delish.
Then I asked the waitress some questions regarding the menu and she was very knowledgeable- A+ Maggie!
I had the beet salad and duck rillette.  Both very tasty.  My friend had the seared tuna salad and it also looked great.  Everything was beautifully presented.
To cap it off we had gelato/sorbet.  You get to choose up to 3 so we got pumpkin chai, espresso, and white chocolate.  They don't give you too much which I appreciated and they were all delicious.
All in all the treatment of the hostess disappointed me, as did the small menu.  I normally don't feel affected by limited choices but for some reason this menu just didn't do it for me.
Also, they have a new spring menu so it is different right now from what is online- I went excited for butternut squash soup and it was replaced with split pea, yuck!
I don't think I'd come back for dinner but I'd live to come back for a raw bar happy hour!I've heard good things about Penn 6's brunch so a few friends and I decided to try it out.
I ordered Egg's Benedict and unfortunately had to send them back, twice.
Now the place wasn't busy at all so I didn't feel bad for complaining but the waitress didn't mind rolling her eyes when I said the eggs weren't poached properly. (What's the point of Egg's Benedict if the egg isn't runny)
After the second time my meal came out (eggs still weren't correct), I decided to just deal.
Sadly, I won't be coming back here anytime soon.
This place is getting 2 stars because champagne bottles are inexpensive.My 6 year old was dying for some steak so we hoped Pennsylvania 6 would deliver and they did! She and her older sister shared the steak plate and the steak was cooked perfectly. I ordered the pork plate and it was just falling apart with deliciousness. It was sitting on a bed of cheesy grits that were super creamy and yummy. My husband ordered lobster roll sliders and they were prepared perfectly - not too mayonnaise and lots of meat. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone in the area!The worst service ever. Not even a complainer but this was a terrible experience.  Took an hour and a half to get a burger and two drinks. Manager gave a half assed apology. Never again.I ordered the skate, it was basically all bone and it tasted like rubber. The service was slow and I was unimpressed. No thanks.A friend and I stopped here for CCD Sips this past Wednesday, and I fell in love. It has a beautiful, open interior - black, mirrored walls with puffy, elegant red cushioned seats. I didn't get to see the upper floor, but I loved where we were seated. The service got off to a clunky start, but that was fine especially after the waitress expertly walked us through the CCD Sips offerings. I ordered the Spring Garden cocktail (mine), pig ears, and the 5/5$ oysters (I don't remember what kind). The cocktail I got was supposed to be their take on the classic gin and tonic, but it was so much better and muddled with berries. Oysters were fresh, cold, and came with two sauces - some kind of vinegar with scallions, and then the classic cocktail sauce with shaved horseradish on top. The pig ears were warm, deliciously crispy, and they came with the perfect hot sauce.
I am hoping to return soon, and again and again. Their happy hour offerings are amazing - select $1 oysters every weekday from 5-7 PM, and $3/$5 select beer/cocktails. Beautiful interior, great service, and mouth watering food.This place has really great seafood options. We went here once for an oyster fix and it was perfect. The atmosphere is really comfortable and great for a night out with friends. It's really big and you're spread apart from the other tables so you don't feel crowded at all either.Awesome spot for happy hour. Oysters phenomenal. Champagne drinks are all winners. Staff are all courteous and efficient. We will be back to try dinner!I'm definitely a fan!  The servers are great! Everyone that works there is so friendly- they have mastered customer service.  
We ate a burger, Ipswich clams and a salad.  Everything was great!!Great happy hour specials with $1 oysters and $5 bubbly drinks.  The crudo sampler was delicious but a little pricey at $18 and only a couple of pieces of each type of fish.  Mushroom side was delicious.  Our server was excellent and super friendly.  Happy hour on a Monday was not very crowded and you can enjoy at a table even with Open Table reservations.Two thumbs up! Great service, drinks, and delicious food.  The atmosphere is cool, it's casual and trendy. The seafood is awesome - we shared the shrimp cocktail and I had the Marlin crudo. Really nice. I had the roasted beets salad and my boyfriend had a filet. The beets were scrumptious and my boyfriend said his steak was outstanding. I recommend and will go back.Loving the grilled octopus ! If your a fan of octopus then try it. It's amazing !! Atmosphere is great and place is nice. Also tried the monk fish which was good but only because the sides where amazing good . Sweet potato purée was silky and the cranberries on sautéed spinach (I think ) where so nicely doneService was ultra friendly when we stopped if for a couple of rounds of drink and small bites.  Throughout our limited time there, I was impressed with the service.
I was thrilled that they had Ommegang on tap.  I also had a taste of my sister's champagne cocktails.  They were tasty an had interesting combinations.
I tried one small oyster (small by my preference, not their availability).  It was fresh and good, everything that I would expect from a place like this.  I would order it again.
Duck fat fries were a little disappointing, there was too much salt for my taste (however, the sauce they were served with was a saving grace).  I preferred the duck fat fries at Whiskey Village.I have a dietary restriction that keeps me from eating any grains.  We ate at the bar, and the bartender was very accommodating.  He made recommendations on how to modify dishes so I could still enjoy all the great dishes I read about online.Pennsylvania 6 is another hidden Philly gem, and i'm very grateful to yelp for pointing the way to it.
For my anniversary, I brought my wife to this restaurant. It's a remarkably classy looking/feeling establishment; the dim lights, rich wood decor, and 50's black-and-white's of famous celebrity scenes give it a flair much like a speakeasy.
The wait staff here was very courteous, and it was neither loud nor overly busy on a Friday evening. I tried the raw bar offerings (which were pricey but exceptionally fresh) and tried Crudo for the first time. For those folks that have never had Crudo before, it's a mind blowing experience; thin sliced sashimi is marinated in herbs and oil and delicately prepared. It mixes the fresh pop from traditional Japanese sashimi and the light earthy herb flavor of Mediterranean cooking. It was absolutely incredible.
I loved the old fashioned cocktails, and the pork collar with cheese grits was decadent and fell apart on the fork. I can't see anything that could make the experience here any more enjoyable than it already is.Split on this being a 3 or 4 star, but will give the benefit of the doubt since a few dishes here really stood out.
Stopped by mid-afternoon on a Sunday wanting lunch.  It had been a busy day and my girlfriend and I were looking to relax.  We were the only ones in the place which always makes it feel a bit weird, but I can't blame that on the restaurant itself I suppose.
Word of warning here: this will not be a cheap lunch spot.  Think of it as a nicer dinner spot and expect to spend for it.  Now it's worth it, but we were in the mood for a couple of nice cocktails and decent gastropub-ish food.  This is not the case here.  It's a definitely a nicer restaurant that we expected for some reason.  Again, no blame to Pennsylvania 6 for that one but a $75+ lunch for two was not what we sought out.  Not many cheap items here if you want a substantial meal.
So how was this pricey food?  Really freakin' good.  The burger was a juicy mess in all the right ways.  Simple but satisfying.  Order this.  One of the better burgers in this city.  Accompanying fries were awesome as well.  Great seasoning and consistency.  Go for em.
Crispy pig ears at $7 were the cheapest thing on the menu and also a standout.  A big plate for sharing and dipping.  Can't go wrong to add this to your table.  Burrata cheese was also nice, and the bone marrow was a bit small for me but OK.  More like a pig's bone than a cow's bone?  I have no idea, but it was small.  I'd skip this.
Drinks were solid and service was very good, so they salvaged that 4 on these points.  Overall worth a try, especially if you know what you're getting into before you walk in.At first I wasn't sold on menu but turned out great!! I had the meat and cheese sampler and house salad. Salad was one of best I've ever had! Simple with amazing dressing! Service at an off hour was great and kid friendly. Jonah was awesome! And don't miss out on the apple cider sorbeto or duck fat fries!!Best place in town for happy hour and brunch. I think it may be one of the best kept secrets in town because every time I have gone it is never crowded and my friends and I have always been able to get a seat. The nervous is great and the staff are very accommodating and friendly. For brunch they have $15 bottles of champagne that come with lots of fun mixers. My friends and I like to mix and match but the best mixer by far is the honeydew! Happy hour is amazing as well! Yummy cocktails for $6 and $1 oysters!Seriously. Are you a jazz club or a bar for annoying college bros? Too loud, too full of young arrogant douches, and not worth it.WOW. We stopped by for a night cap with friends one night and due to the alcohol we had already consumed, we made the collective decision NOT to inhale plates of oysters and bone marrow. (the next morning, it turns out that was a wise choice)
My boyfriend and I were very much looking forward to returning and sampling a few items from the menu. We sat at the bar and the service was just amazing. (we even got a mini tour of all three floors!) Drinks were spot on and the food is exactly what we were hoping for. Try the Crudo sampler, it is well worth the $18. 
After much deliberation (and some sweet talking from the bartender) we decided to do the marrow with the bourbon luge. It was one of the strangest and most decedent  experiences I have ever had. Not sure if I would do the bourbon again, but the marrow was roasted to perfection. (my boyfriend on the other hand has already made his round 2&3 plans for this dish)
Great addition to the Philly restaurant scene and you can taste the care and love that goes into everything they put on the menu. Really looking forward to going back.I gotta say... Nothing thrilled me at all on my recent trip to Penn 6. 
We went for restaurant week, so could that be why? But no... I have had some excellent service and meals during restaurant week, that cannot be it.
The beans in my soup weren't the tender, starchy goodness that I expected. The "cumin rubbed" flank steak that was served was bland. I had to put salt on it, I NEVER put salt on anything. And the dessert was just odd. I understood the concept, but the blueberry compote was too bitter, almost acidic. 
The only decent part about the evening was that we got there early enough for the end of happy hour. Drinks were pretty good. Other than that, don't waste your time!Had dinner at Pennsylvania 6 and found the food mediocre at best.
- "Charred" Octopus appetizer with tender white beans was okay. However, it didn't seem "charred" or particularly flavourful.
- Fried oyster appetizer was fine, nothing wrong with it, but nothing special.
- Lobster Roll was underwhelming, with a basic bland creamy dressing. Lobster itself was overcooked and stringy.  Fries were fine. One can easily get a better (and cheaper) lobster roll in Center City, thanks to Luke's. 
- Broccolini side dish was kind of a creamy hot mess to be spooned onto pieces of toast. Tasted okay but not great.
- Chocolate terrine (with sliced bananas on the side) was dense, chocolate-y, and uninspired.
Service was very good. Our server was friendly and helpful. 
Restaurant atmosphere is good. 
Aside from the food itself, everything about the restaurant experience was fine. Since I care about food, I wouldn't particularly want to return.A friend and I came for happy hour after Oyster House was packed and our oft-visited Doc's was closed for the day. The restaurant was very uncrowded (I don't think most people know they have buck-a-shuck here!), and we were seated by the friendly manager who welcomed us to the restaurant. I felt like I walked into an old-timey whiskey bar, based on the red high top seats and wood paneling. 
The service was prompt, except we waited for our oysters for much longer than we were used to. We both ordered happy hour fizzy special cocktails; I did not enjoy my gin-based drink (I can't remember what it was, but it looked nice) at all as it was dry and boring, while my friend's simple champagne sangria was a safe choice. We also ordered the special happy hour menu item Kentucky Wings, but they were very, very mediocre. Finally, the oysters' quality was the lowest I've ever tasted..not sure if that's just because they're trying to get rid of the most terrible ones at night or the month was off (my friend says you should only eat oysters during months with the letter "R" in them), but I guess I can't complain too much for the 6 for $6 special.You can't beat the $1 oyster during happy hour! Their oyster is FRESH and tasty, just love it! 
I have been to this place a few times, one thing I like about this place is that every time when I'm here, the seafood is always fresh, like The Grand, tuna tartare. If you come here for happy hour, except their oyster, the duck fat fries is another thing you don't want to miss. Their sliders are average but it's still good. 
Overall, the place is nice and big, they have upstairs dining room, good for group dining. The service is attentive, their manager would come to your table and introduce himself to make sure you are happy with the food and service.I've been to Pennsylvania 6 for an evening event a few months ago and for happy hour today. The place is beautiful at night; it looks romantic and the service was excellent. Today, they were advertising their $1 oysters for National Oyster Day, I figured, why not? They also have $5 "bubbly" cocktails and $3 Yards. We ordered 10 oysters and we were really curious about the crispy pig ears so we decided to give that a try. The ears were indeed crispy, quite salty, and just OK. The portion was small but that seems to be the running theme here. The cocktail I ordered was also OK, kind of small as well. The oysters were very small and we finished them in less than a couple minutes. The people who work here are really nice and they do everything they can to make your experience positive. Their dinner menu looks delicious so I would like to come back and try it another time. Sadly, I left quite hungry despite what our bill came to, so I went to go get pizza.Had the opportunity to visit the place and decided to give it a chance based yelp reviews.  I have to say that the food did not disappoint on any count during the visit.  I was disappointed on a few counts counts. 1.  We ordered a bottle of wine and the price on the menu was different than the price on the menu.  The menu stated $40 and we were actually charged $44.  I know it is only $4 but accuracy counts.  2. Once we had a table the service greatly disappointed. I work
In the industry and know what good service they entails.   We did not get the service we deserved for the price we paid for the meal. 3.  I tried to add chicken to a pasta entree but told it was not possible.  Hard to believe because you could add to a salad but not to a pasta.  Always talk to your kitchen before denying a customer.
That being said I would return for the meal but not for the service.  
Durable our dinner we had the calamari app, the crab cake entree and steak entree.Just had the pork collar. My absolute favorite here. It was unbelievable--as always. PLEASE keep this on the menu! If you are in Center City, walk over and try this dish. You won't be sorry.PA6 FOR LUNCH: Last month Pennsylvania 6 took over the bi-level space on 12th street left vacant for quite some time, but formerly occupied by Tweed.  I was recently invited to try their  lunch menu, which just launched. Its an upscale menu that looks the part for a modern power lunch. Expect a raw bar and seafood, sandwiches, and a few classic American plates.
Currently, the cocktail menu showcases summer friendly ingredients like grapefruit and melon.
Lunch time appetizers are taken as seriously as if it were dinner.  The beef carpaccio appetizer is a stunner. Topped with shaved radish, celery, micro green, shallots, parmesan, and violet mustard, the contrast of colors, and of course flavors, is lovely.
Almost as lovely to look at, a charred octopus appetizer featured blackened tentacles and black olive vinaigrette accompanied by a few slivers of potatoes. The octopus was perfectly tender, exhibiting neither the rubberyness nor mushiness that can happen with less careful preparation.
The burger is massive and was cooked precisely to the medium rare requested. Pickled red onion and chopped lettuce were thoughtful additions. Bacon is a few dollars extra, but worth it, as the thick cut slices are no joke. The soft brioche bun collapsed a bit into the patty, which is necessary because otherwise you couldn't fit the burger in your mouth. Crispy duck fat fries and a secret mayo sauce complete the plate.
If there is a lobster roll on the menu, I am ordering it. Theirs has poached lobster on a buttered, toasted roll.  Not all lobster rolls are created equal; stringy, wimpy pieces that don't taste fresh are a bad time.  Here, the lobster pieces have a light mayo coating and are large and sweet, making me very happy.
"Dark chocolate pot de creme" ended the meal. A bowl of thick chocolate custard came topped with white chocolate gelato, macadamia nuts, and caramelized bananas. The chocolate tasted more like an in between milk and dark rather than dark, which was fine by me because it could have been too rich. Instead, it was luxurious without being heavy.
Inside, Pennsylvania 6 lucked out nabbing a space with a classy staircase at its center. It is matched with tasteful furnishings, highlighted by red chairs and booths.  Service is attentive but not uncomfortably formal. Whether on a business meeting or out with the parents, Pennsylvania 6 can easily become the new spot for the power lunch in Center City.I found Pennsylvania 6 on yelp and loved it! Not only do they have great drinks but amazing food. The service was personable and welcoming. If you looking for a great experience while your in Phili swing by this place!Came in on a whim for dinner and was pleasantly surprised at the whole experience.  Started off with the east coast oysters which were great!  Warning...the cheese like shavings on top of the cocktail sauce is NOT cheese... I'm an idiot! :) Fresh horseradish... 
Any who moving on we had the octopus which was perfectly cooked tender with charred ends, my fav.  By this time I was't too hungry for a whole entree so I took the advise of the bartender and tried the fresh burrata and the shishito peppers.  The combination of the two dishes was AMAZING!  The burrata was topped with a nice sun dried tomato compote and the plate was drizzled with olive oil.  The shishito peppers if you are not familiar are a mild Japanese pepper similar in shape to a jalapeño without the heat.  They were pan fried in olive oil and simply finished with Maldon salt, another favorite!  The flavors were great!  
My husband got the scallops which too were perfectly cooked.  All in all the meal was great! I wish I had room for the dessert... the chocolate pot de creme was calling my name but i was too stuffed... 
YUM!Came here for cocktail but ended up getting a charcuterie and cheeseboard as well as octopus. Cocktails were great, the Dr. Neville tasted awesome and my friend had the rittenhouse which was gin and cucumber water. They also have yards draft called off of walnut that's made especially for them! Dark Belgian, yummy.First. They are open for lunch.we had an association meeting there that was spectacular. About 30 people upstairs and it was perfect. Nice place great service good hospitality and it's own bar.
They had a large enough screen Hi-Rez TV for presentations and the room was acoustically really good. But you have to get people to stop talking.
First course was family-style salad and ricotta and fig and unique ricotta spreads on nice little Crostini. 
My main course was a fresh sliced smoked turkey club on homemade bread that was absolutely wonderful with perfectly done fries and a big pickle.
Unexpectedly, desert was two mini-servings of a lighter than air Italian cake and a beautiful cheesecake parfait that was scrumtilleumpsious!
We all enjoyed ourselves, had a great time, one and a half blocks from the train station, it couldn't be better. we will be back. five stars all the way.Trendy want - to - be restuarant. The food is on trend, but the flavor is not. The food's flavor was okay at best,  but you paid as though you were getting a gourmet meal. We got the octopus-it was hard to cut and chewy. The monkfish was bland and overcooked. The sauce was diner quality. The dessert was the biggest insult. The waiter raved about our choice and what we got was a stick of chocolate fudge, with a few whole peanuts thrown on the plate, a few raw bananas with a coating of sugar. Highly disappointed. The columbe coffee was the only hit. We will never go back.Great brunch spot with friends! Lobster roll and egg benedict are highly recommended. Also they offer awesome brunch special of $15 champagne with free mixer!!Really enjoyed my lunch here today. Tried the Roasted Bone Marrow with Garlic Toast, with the Woodford Bourbon Luge, it was very tasty and doing was lots of fun and a photo worthy event. I enjoyed the beefy taste of the bone marrow combined with one of my favorite bourbon's. The service was very friendly. My server fully explained each of my various dishes and offered to help with the Luge. I had the Turkey Bacon BLT which was packed with goodness, turkey and turkey bacon, avocado on a crisp hard roll. I tried some of the Summer squash and chickpea sandwich and really liked the chunky hummus like flavor, thought that since it was grilled the interior would be warm but it was cool , not bad , very tasty. The Duck Fat fries were so good! Crisp and flavorful and when dipped in the Lemon Truffle Aioli , a taste of heaven. Can't wait to try the happy hour for some oysters, fries, and crispy pig ears.I think we've got a new serious player in town.  A restaurant that has the style, the capacity and the food to run with any of our restaurants.  After having gone to PA6 a few times now, I know that I'll be a regular.
The restaurant is decked out and elegant but not in a smug and uptight way.  It's more of a clean lines, deep red seats black crisp kind of way.  The servers are nice, knowledgeable and able to talk you through the menu and answer any question you might have.
We started with the oysters, 2 of each of the 6 varieties they were featuring.  They ordered them around the large ice plate in an east to west fashion so we wouldn't get confused.  Yes the virginias tasted different than the rhode islands which tasted different than the PEIs.  Small bottles of tabasco, house mignonette and cocktail sauce with grated horseradish over it to garnish.  Awesome.
We split the crudo sampler, pig ears and shishito peppers.  The fluke crudo with curry oil and toasted pine nuts was definitely one of the most surprising things I've eaten in a while.  Pair that with the tuna which had roasted peppers and and olive tapenade and the hamachi which  had gooseberry and lime and this plate was fantastic.
The pig ears are just flat out delicious.  We should have gotten two orders.  Words can't really describe them other than perfectly crisped pork and a nice hot sauce to dip them in.  Shishito peppers in cast iron with lemon were charred to perfection.
Style, service and food.  This place has it goin on.  I hope they're around for a while.My friend made a reservation for this place when a group of us were visiting and as soon as I saw that they had bottomless drinks and duck fat fries, I was golden! It happened to be the same weekend as OutFest, which is huge in Philly, so the bar was doing a special with drinks for 3 DOLLARS!!!! Like WHAAATTTT?! Because of the weekend activities, we were also surprised with a drag show that was hilarious and full of talented performers. The food was really good- I got "THE BURGER" for $14 (pineland farms ground beef, smoked cheddar, pickled red onion, gem lettuce, secret sauce, duck fat fries). Very filling and the fries were amazing! The drinks were delicious as well and overall the whole experience was awesome.Super chic yet laid back spot for drinks and to catch​up with friends. Service and decor are awesome. The fresh ricotta and churro waffle sundae are a must. Best part is they're not overly crowded like the other restaurants in the area so a great experience overall.Absolutely delicious crudo, pork collar and lamb shoulder. Presentation was excellent and the waitress was very knowledgeable about the menu specifics. 0 complaints about the food, but service was a bit off. The waitress walked past our table several times when we were out of water or missing utensils and didn't stop. It also took a very long time to get our check- again with the waitress repeatedly walking by. I would definitely go back again though.Empty on a Saturday, but still a good spot. Reasonable taplist, and a friendly bartender, Jessica.
Accommodated us with a high chair, which I always appreciate. The raw bar was good and server was informed about the oysters.
Brunch menu needed some inspiration--nothing stood out as the obvious choice. Sausage and eggs were delicious, though. Great coutnry sausage over tangy greens and cheesy grits. Nice move.
Hopefully, I'll be back for dinner.Food was unusual and delicious.  A bit pricey, but worth it for a nice night out.  Looks to be a great happy hour destination as well.Recommendations: Cocktails (if you like them sweet). Fried oysters. Duck fat fries.
The waitress really hyped up the lobster roll: "best in Philadelphia!", but it fell short for me, especially for $26. I'm not sure if it was the high expectations after the waitress' enthusiasm, but I recommend skipping and heading to have Luke Lobster's more affordable option over on 17th.
My partner had the burger and found it very dry and lacking seasoning. The waitress did tell us that the restaurant is better known for its seafood dishes, so perhaps we should have taken the warning. Skip the burger here!
Ambience: We were a table of 5 and really appreciated being able to hear each other vs. some other restaurants in the same area that tend to get too loud and crowded on a Friday night. There is a roomy bar area and tables on the first floor and a second floor with more tables were we sat; definitely good for groups and catching up with friends.Went on a Thursday night with a group of girlfriends. We ended up adding an extra person last minute, so when I checked in with the hostess I told her and she kind of hemmed and gave me a look. When I asked if it was going to be a problem she replied "I think we can make it work." Well, we walked upstairs and it was totally empty. Not sure what her problem was. 
Our waiter made up for it. He was fantastic. We ordered the burrata cheese and spicy bacon peanuts appetizers to start. The burrata was excellent. Very creamy and it came with sun dried tomato spread. Delicious. The peanuts were pretty good- different is the best way to describe them.  
We all ended up getting either the burger or the lobster roll.  The fries were excellent- fried to perfection in duck fat.  I felt like the lobster roll left much to be desired.  For $26 I expect excellence.  Lobster meat pouring out of the roll.  That was not the case.  It was a meager portion with little seasoning.  An overall disappointment.  I think the burger was fine.  But still, that was $15.  I don't think I'd go back.My friends suggested this place for brunch for bottomless mimosas! It's one of the only places still in Philly with an unlimited deal. It's $15 for unlimited mimosas or bloody Mary's for 2 hours, plus the price of your entree. Overall a $35-40 value which is reasonable for boozy brunches. 
I got the burger with egg, forget what it's called but it was delicious! Great flavor. It came with a side of duck fat fries which are a MUST HAVE. You will not regret it! Our table got an extra order they were that good. They come with a great dipping sauce too!
The staff was very friendly and attentive. Can't complain. The service was great. 
Really cool decor inside, felt as if I was in NYC for brunch honestly. I'd definitely go here again for brunch especially if they keep the unlimited deal.My first experience at Pennsylvania 6 was at a recent Yelp Elite Event and I was generally impressed, so I knew that I definitely wanted to come back here for a sit-down dinner.  I'm so glad I tried them out again because our dinner last night was phenomenal.  Our fish was very fresh, the drinks were great, the waiter was knowledgeable about the seafood/each dish, and the service was snappy.  The highlight for me was the crudo sampler.  The tuna with capers had an amazing saltiness to it, the kampachi was exquisite, and the fluke practically dissolved when it hit my tongue.  We also enjoyed the crispy pig ears (think bacon, people) and the shishito peppers.  My friend devoured the mushroom toasty and the table enjoyed their oyster sampler.  Prices here aren't half bad, either, considering this restaurant started in NYC.  I highly recommend trying this spot out whether you're in the mood for dinner or drinks!Man I really love this place! The food and deals are amazing. The $1 happy hour Oysters tasted really high quality to me and hit the spot every time. I would gladly bring anyone with an affinity for seafood/oysters here.
I have also been for brunch and everything has been amazing - order the fries! I would make sure to get a reservation as it gets pretty busy on weekends (unless there is an Eagle's game on - then the place is basically deserted we were told haha though they do have TV screens and do air the games).
The atmosphere is really cool/unique/airy and I believe they sometimes have live music. Great spot I've been to various times and will be returning to many more!I LOVE this restaurant! I have been coming here for years (dinner and brunch) and I have never had a bad experience! The food is always the deli cooks and the drinks are REALLY good! The duck fat fries and the fresh ricotta are my favorite small bite plates.I love this restaurant,on a warm night the Lobster roll is just right,Perfect in fact!! The staff is friendly and very accommodating as well. And for some fun try the Woodford Reserve Whiskey Luge.Great place for private work events or happy hours! We had the third floor all to ourselves, and it was great, it felt just like a Rittenhouse apartment living room with the large windows and fireplace. Absolutely cozy and cute. The variety of food and appetizers were all really good as well, it is your 'upscale' fancy bar food like sliders and meatballs and dips. if your company is looking for a new place to host an event, check this place out!Not bad...ordered some appetizers...tuna tartar...bone marrow...plus the bourbon shots...crudo...olives...and nuts...had a pretty nice scotch selection with reasonable price...overall it was ok...but bit overrated...I think...I stopped by to take advantage of the $3 mimosa/Bloody Mary for brunch. Bartender was super friendly and the duck fat fries were delicious. Hidden gem in center city!So went here for a nice dinner with my girl.  When we entered we were promptly greeted by the hostess.  The place was pretty busy even though we were getting a late dinner around 9p. They seem to have very good bar business so the crowd was transitioning to primarily to a bar crowd and just tables seated finishing up.  We were seated upstairs in their main dining area.  Server was nice.  We always of course order oysters which they have 3 east coast and 3 west coast varieties.  So strange thing our oysters took more then 40 min to get.  We had ordered the duck fat fries as an app also and for some reason that wasn't brought to the table either or the tuna crudo we had ordered.  The server apologized a few times and it didn't really seem like his fault but really pretty unacceptable.  The food was good I don't think I would order the monkfish again I found the fish itself to be bland but I believe that is pretty much the characteristic of that type of fish (I was trying to eat healthy should have known better).  The fries are def a must try.  The yellowtail tuna crudo was a bit salty for me I realize it comes with olives but couldn't really taste the fish at all.  So two stars was based on mainly really long wait time and some aspects of the food.  If the wait time was improved I would say it would have been high three star or four.  I did like the atmosphere.Awesome.  The food was great, but the service was amazing!  Chase was our server and we were so lucky to have him; the manager also came out and introduced himself and checked in on us in a super professional/cool non-cheesy way.  I have since recommended the place and look forward to going back, a bunch.Came here last night with a friend for Happy Hour/Sips. We wanted a nice place to sit down, eat dollar oysters, and talk. However, when we got there, there was a DJ blaring pop music. Now, if you see the inside of this place and look at the menu prices, you would know how inappropriate that was. It's a nicer restaurant with great decor, expensive menu items, and craft cocktails. For them to be blaring that music was just odd. I had to ask them to turn it down, it was so loud.
My friend and I got some oysters (not on Happy Hour special because of SIPS which was dumb and I wish we knew beforehand). They were okay and came out quickly. We also got calamari which was okay and the beer mussels. Now, I am a huge fan of mussels, but the broth they were in (a bacon beer broth) was pretty gross. The bacon wasn't crispy at all and looked almost raw and the broth just tasted like what a frat house smells like, stale beer. The sourdough it can with for dipping as COVERED in oil and inedible. 
Their fruit punch cocktail was good, not too sweet, but their Bulliet Old Fashioned was so watered down. Such a shame. 
I'm taking this place off of my bookmarks. With so many other good places to go, I wouldn't recommend here to anybody.I give Pennsylvania 6 a solid 3. The menu is great and the ambience is wonderful. Food was really wonderful the duck fries are wonderful! However, the service left a lot to be desired. We didn't get water frequently and the server seemed stressed the whole night.We found this place accidentally when we were wandering around the area dying for some food and drink after another disappointing experience at a restaurant that had a misleading menu. The oysters were fabulous, the place was really nice and clean, the drinks were tasty, and the server and the manager were both really nice to us.Table for 2 saturday at 7pm. Food was "eh"...service was terrrrrible. I almost said something to the manager. We got our appetizers before any drink, they never even filled our water glass. Basically, this sums up how the rest of the evening went. Awkward and rushed. Won't return.Checked the place out based on a recommendation from a friend. I was not disappointed and have already gone back once. The place looks great and is decked out in red seats with a lot of old school pictures on the walls. The place has a unique and cool look to it.
I was impressed by the selection of beers on draft, which had some of my favorites like Yards and Victory harvest. The food prices were reasonable with most plates around $20. We tried the crispy pig ears and the Buratta cheese to start, both of which were excellent.. I had the pasta with crab on the first trip which I enjoyed, and on the second trip I just got the Burger (I was in the mood for one) which was hands down one of the best burger's I've ever had! I comes with fries and is topped with a special sauce that was excellent.
The rest of the group ordered the pork collar and lobster roll, as well as oysters. Everyone was happy with their meal. The only knock I'll give is that the menu doesn't have the largest selection and some people had a hard time choosing what to order, so our waitress had to give recommendations, but everyone enjoyed what they picked. Hopefully they'll add more options soon, but we'll definitely go back.I had a wonderful experience here. The food is really delicious. I recommend trying a seafood appetizer - the tuna tartare and kampachi are amazing. The main courses are also very good though I wasn't too adventurous and just took the burger. However the duck fat fries were also great! Overall a great experience. The waiter was very attentive, maybe a little too chatty, but very kind. Maybe because there weren't many people there.Pennsylvania 6 is one of the best places to go for brunch in the city if you're dining with a big group. I have gone here numerous times with friends and they have never had a problem accommodating us--even when we have 18 people!! 
One of our favorite things about Penn 6 is the $15 bottles of champagne (because what is brunch without champagne?). The bottles come with orange juice and two other fruit juices (melon and grapefruit) so you can try some different flavors. They'll bring you out as many bottles as you want at once and they're always waiting with a fresh bottle with one is finished!
The food here is also great! The duck fat fries are a must!! I've tried a few things on the menu but my favorites are the burger and the steak and eggs. Both dishes are cooked to perfection. Our group has tried numerous items on the menu and everyone was more than satisfied.
The service here is always great. Our waiters are always very attentive and friendly! 
Make a reservation, grab some friends and enjoy great food for a boozy brunch!Came here for dinner with the wife and in-laws. We were seated promptly and put in our drink orders. They took forever to come out. We were ready to put in our orders but none were taken. Eventually our waitress took our orders but, again, good took a very long time to come out. To be honest, the place was getting crowded but still....when the food did arrive it was underwhelming. Took a long time to get our check and pay. Have not been back since which is unfortunate as I am a seafood lover.My boyfriend and I came here the weekend before Memorial Day, it was a rainy Saturday night and we figured the city wouldn't be busy. We were greeted very nicely and seated right away (we had a reservation). It was not very crowded and we were taken care of promptly. We ordered oysters to start with and they were great! They were about $3 a piece so we hoped they would be up to par. I ordered the Tuna Tartar and Beet salad for my entree and they were both amazing! My boyfriend had a burger that he doctored up with add ons which with duck fat fries, they rocked and so did the burger. For desert we had a chocolate lava cake type thing which was gone in about 3 seconds! 
I gave 4 stars because it took a while for us to get drinks the second and third time around and my water glass was empty most of the meal. I'm a stickler for that!! 
Overall we enjoyed the food, our experience and had a great time!The food at Pennsylvania 6 is fine, but they have a lot to learn about customer service. I was there tonight with a large group (we had a limited menu to choose from). Everyone's dinner arrived but mine apparently due to either a server or a kitchen error. Both servers disappeared without saying a word. leaving me sitting. After a while, I had track them down  to find out what the problem was. They hurriedly explained there was a mixup, barely apologized, offered me nothing and never asked me if I needed anything while I sat there for 20 minutes with just a glass of water, watching everyone else finish their meals. By the time my meal did come, long after everyone else was done, I took a few bites and asked to have the rest wrapped to go. There are many ways a restaurant can make a bad situation better, but they didn't even try. I know my organization payed a decent price for what was to be a special holiday meal and I felt bad for them. This was not a good dining experience. From my own years of working in the restaurant industry I can definitely say that Pennsylvania 6 really needs to step up their hospitality game.Order the Duck Fat Fries. I swear, you could put a bowl of those in your house and it would smell wonderful. Not because you want your house to smell like french fries, but because these french fries have the WONDERFUL aroma of rosemary. I had the most terrible dinner etiquette last night because I was holding fries up to my nose and smelling them. Wonderful. Oh yeah, they were tasty too, finished crispy but not crunchy. 
For dinner I had the gnocchi. I loved this dish! It was nice to see gnocchi presented as a savory, fall dish instead of a covered-in-sauce-with-2,300-calories dish. I loved the mix of herbs, butternut squash, apple, and brussel sprouts. I would LOVE to recreate this at home and just might try. Next time I would get it without the duck because I didn't think it added much to the dish. The gnocchi was soft and fluffy - like it should be!
For dessert I had the orange crisp and wouldn't get it again. It was served in a cast iron skillet and I could not get it down to a temperature that made it enjoyable. The pumpkin gelato it was served with was really delicious, but the cranberries, orange, and crisp.....meh. 
Service was fine, not spectacular, and the ambiance was right. The bar downstairs was very busy, but our table of 8 or so in the upstairs loft area could hear each other just fine. 
There are so many great places in Philadelphia that I'm not sure this would be the first place I come back to, but it's absolutely a solid choice for a meal.Well I must say that this a must stop if you are in Philadelphia. I have been here several times and each was memorable the menu is full of choices but all in all if you looking for a quick place to grab a drink, meet a friend this is the place.
My drink was an 8 to 1 and I grab some duck fries as an appetizer.Solid place in the city, we tried to hit up the ramen battle at Cheu Noodle Bar but got there too late and they were sold out. So it was a short walk to Penn 6, the space is really nice and open and they have TVs which was good because MNF was on. Our waiter was very nice and attentive and helpful with the menu. We started off with a combination of all the west coast oysters they have which were all really really good, I mean it's hard to go wrong with oysters. For appetizers we went with the charred octopus and the bone marrow. Again both were excellent and the octopus was cut it with your fork tender and the potatoes that came with it were a great accompaniment. The bone marrow wasn't over roasted and had the perfect consistency to spread on the crostinis that came with it. For dinner we went with a few of the burgers (cooked medium rare) and a lobster roll. The burgers could have been a little more rare but that didn't take away from the flavor. Very good burger and good bun, one that holds everything together and doesn't fall apart. The bacon was awesome and super thick cut and the fries were fried in duck fat so how can you go wrong there. The beer and cocktail selection was great, all in all a very good experience. I would like to shoot back here for brunch because I hear it is good as well.Probably more like 3.5...This is a gorgeous space with a cool, swnaky sort of vibe. The food was good, but the service just left a lot to be desired.
The white bean dip was a little bland but I thought the seeded crackers were a nice change from the typical toasts. 
I went halvsies on the burger and mushroom toasty with a friend in order to sample a little more of the menu, and both were delicious.
The burger was cooked perfectly and the smoky cheddar and pickled onion combo really worked. It's one of the better burgers I've had in the city. 
I'm a sucker for most things involving mushrooms, and the mushroom toast was executed well. Normally these things are doused in truffle oil which mask the true mushroom flavor, but this was pure mushroom through and through.
The desserts, unfortunately ,were really mediocre- our dark chocolate pot de creme tasted more like a milk chocolate pot de creme that had been sitting in the fridge too long and taken on some of the fridge flavors. And I do wish they would serve better quality tasting ice cream- it was just bland and icy.
I would come back for the burger and mushroom toast, but I don't know if I could handle the bad service again. The restaurant was probably at 15% capacity but our meal took over 2 hours.
For the same price (or less) and time, we could have eaten at one of our "special occassion" places for a better experience overall.The food is outstanding. I never give 5 stars but I was really impressed. I had raw oysters, a mix of Malpeque & forget the other one. Delish. Served with a mignonette & cocktail sauce with fresh grated horseradish. I live for mignonette & this had chunks of garlic. Yum-o. Had fried oysters as well. I never had a fried oyster I enjoyed until today. I let my dining partner finish them (still prefer my raw) but they were good served with 2 sauce choices. The remoulaude was amaze. (Ok, so I like sauces!) They were out of pork tenderloin sliders (must return for that) so they made us burger sliders as a sub (not on the menu). Another hit, but, u can't order it as a slider, only a big burger. I def will! I saved the absolute best for last & the reason it's 5 not 4 stars. Freakin' fresh ricotta with a fig compote. Holy mother...incredible! Served with fresh chargrilled bread. I cannot explain to u the wonderment of this situation. Ask for extra grilled bread when u order, they don't give u enough. 
I couldn't drink but my dining companion stated the cocktails were amaze. I will be back, prob sat, sun, & next week, to drink & eat. No joke.I wanted to give this place 2 stars, but felt too guilty, they are after all just starting out. I came to visit for happy hour last week, and we were basically the only people there. I really think they need to advertize their happy hour more, and they would definitely be able to get a crowd going. I only knew because I heard it through the grapevine, but they don't have anything posted on their website or anything!
I was excited about $1 oysters, but was disappointed by how little they were, especially after asking to make sure they weren't tiny. I can't complain about the freshness, they really were great, but nearly microscopic.
I want to give them another chance, but I will give them some time to gain momentum.I hosted my 30th birthday party here in the upstairs room.  It was incredible.  They only have a bar minimum, which we easily surpassed with close to 60 guests. There's a private bathroom up with that room as well.  They even made me a customized cocktail list.  HIGHLY recommend if you're booking something for a birthday, engagement, or so forth.Really fun spot. Went in on a Saturday night, and it was busy but they seemed to have all under control. Great vibe in the place and really eclectic menu. We went with burratta cheese and yellowfin tuna tartare, as well as the maple bacon peanuts for starters. All really delicious. The entree was the winner though - herb risotto with wild mushrooms, shaved parmesan and escargot - the last part being the killer add on. Worth every penny (and calorie). Our server Jess was super helpful, knowledgeable, exactly what you'd like every time out. I've seen a few negative/lukewarm reviews, and I don't get it. Definitely worth the trip - good date night spot or full crew rendezvous. Kudos.Amazing food. Probably the best burger and fries I've had in Philly thus far! Such a great environment and awesome staff.Very happy with this choice!  Looking for something new and with good reviews.  PA 6 did not disappoint, nor did the duck fat fries, the burger, the lobster roll, and the special shrimp potato risotto dish.  We loved the octopus appetizers.  Next time will definitely try out the raw bar!SO DELICIOUS!!!! My boyfriend took me out on a date here and the food was delicious! We sat upstairs on the second floor! We went during happy hour and got the most delicious fried and raw oysters and the bean dip was to die for as well. The dinner itself was wonderful! Will definitely go there again!We went to Penn 6 last month and had an awesome time.  WARNING.  This isnt your typical Saturday night boring dinner spot.  It is fun.  It is lively.  The place gets crowded and has a true 40's Supper Club feel.   How better to dine than in a room with Frank Sinatra and Rita Hayworth? 
The food.  Make sure you get the Crudo.  Make sure you get the Chicken Liver.  You will be pleasantly surprised.  The Pork Collar was a killer.  The only thing I wasn't super fond about was the Monk Fish.  It a little dry but still a great dish. I can keep going but I think you get the point.Penn 6 just treated me and my lady friends to an amazing evening. Our party of 13 were treated like princesses on our stop there during a bachelorette party. I worked with Samantha on staff to pre-order some catering trays and then a few salads and apps of the menu and it was absolutely perfect. All the girls raved about the food and they were so sweet and put sparklers on a bottle of champagne which the bride just could not get over. Highly recommend working with Penn6 for any event need in addition to happy hour and all the other good stuff. It was the best!Very nice atmosphere and interior design. Nice balcony/upper floor. 
I thought the food was great if not just a little bit overpriced. We had oysters which were good, a fried clam appetizer which was really good but pretty small for $15. 
My entrée was really good and unique - a branzino with artichokes which was an interesting pairing. The husband had the skate wing special which we also both liked. 
The service was good. Probably can't afford to go back but would maybe check out the happy hour specials sometime.I have eaten at Pennsylvania 6 three times, and this review is an amalgam of those experiences.  Two outings were brunch and one was for dinner.
As a brunch venue, I would avoid Pennsylvania 6.  On my first and second visits, the service was exceptionally slow.  This in spite of being no where near capacity.  A nearly forty minute wait for a salad and a bistro steak is excessive.  This long wait was repeated on my second visit which incurred a similar wait for an omelette and hamburger.  
I consumed the steak on my first outing and while I asked for a rare steak, it came out medium and was too petite to be a satisfying brunch.  Similarly, I attempted to enjoy the omelette, but a two egg omelette with a pittance of truffle, asparagus, and an undetectable amount of crabmeat necessitated a trip to Jake's down the street for a proper lunch.  
Dinner was a different affair.  The service was much more timely.  I enjoyed a dozen oysters, the bone marrow, and the must have rice pudding with mission figs.  If you enjoy dessert, steer towards that rice pudding.  The mission figs make it a highly pleasurable experience.  However, my steak, again, was not cooked to the degree I requested and was far too petite for an entree portion.
TLDR:  Avoid for brunch.  Have an appetizer or raw bar selection for dinner.  Absolutely eat the rice pudding.Penn 6 is a great spot to go with a group for a nice meal. The atmosphere is classy with mixture of old world charm and modern touches. Went there recently with a big group for brunch which they allowed us to make reservations for which is great. They handled the big group well and the service was fantastic. They forgot one persons meal completely but they quickly made up for it by comp-ing their meal so not a huge problem and no stars deducted for that, I understand how that can happen when you have a large group. The food overall is good but not amazing. The lobster roll is decent- not the best I've had but good with lots of lobster meat. The duck fat fries are actually very good and I would recommend them to everyone. The burger is very thick and tastes great, you can choose to add egg, bacon and other stuff too it and it's a good value the size. They also have $15 bottles of champagne at brunch with free mixers that included orange juice, a melon blend and grapefruit juice. The champagne is a great deal. There was also a DJ when we were there for brunch on Saturday--a little unusual to see but he played good music and kept the vibe very upbeat so it was a nice surprise. The bar area which was near where we were seated got very crowded and loud and kind of made it hard to enjoy everyone's conversation at our table. This may be because a lot of people were out celebrating St. Patrick's day the weekend before, which was the case throughout Philly on Saturday. Overall, this is a good place for a nice meal and can accommodate groups. The service is great, the food is good, and the prices are fair.Pricy but brunch mimosa deal ($18 for a bottle of champagne + 3 juices) was pretty good . Food was good too. I had the crispy buttermilk chicken sandwich that cake with fries, very tasty.Came in on a Sunday at noon with 7 girls. PS they take reservations !! This is extremely rare for brunch! 
Upon arrival (with half of our party) we were seated in a corner and I think forgotten about. Unfortunately this kept happening throughout our dining experience, but I think they caught on and tried to make up for it. 
Penn 6 has such an amazing brunch deal that I'm embarrassed to say I didn't know about. $3 mimosas and bloodies. Or $15 bottles of champagne (worth it) BUT they bring the smallest serving of orange juice for the table. I thought this was so strange so we had to like hunt them down constantly for more OJ. We prob would have bought more bottles if we had more juice. The bloodies are awesome. I don't wanna say I'm a bloody Mary snob butttt...
We ordered duck fat fries for the table. Get them. They're amaze.
I ordered the biscuit and gravy plate with cream chipped beef, eggs, and salad. This has gotta be the best thing on the menu (although I didn't try anything else). The portion was large, fresh, and steamy just how I like it. Did I mention this was only $14
We had I think 7 bottles (one of which they brought out with a sparkler on top: VIPPPP), a few cocktails, and entrees. $40 per person.
Can't wait to come back!Set up is cool, food is good, drinks are good IF you can get one on a busy night. Bartender is so busy being elegant and graceful, he's not listening to drink orders... do betterFantastic oysters.  Try the pimento cheese app - a spicy and delicious rift on pimento cheese spread - the pickled green tomatoes that accompany it are divine as well.  The lobster roll and steak frites were done to perfection - those duck fat fries are addictive with the lemon truffle aioli.  Cocktails were very well crafted and showed tremedous attention to detail.  Definitely going back!I like this place, but I can't say I love it. Great wine list and good beers. The food is good but I was left wanting more.Came here for happy hour, because I heard their buck-a-shuck oysters were probably the best in the city.  Oh yes they were!  Definitely some of the best oysters I've ever had.  They also have great bar apps, like pig ears and pimento cheese spread.  The pig ears were OK, fried crispy so couldn't taste much different than a strange bacon, but the pimento cheese was delicious!  I need to come back here soon for a full meal, the menu looks amazing!
The drinks are crafty and original.  I'd say mixology type drinks, with some great flavors.  I had one that tasted like pumpkin pie, and another that was like lemon meringue pie.  The cocktails are served up in small martini glasses, so don't expect a large portion size.  However, the taste was certainly pleasing!
The bartender was super nice and helpful.  As soon as happy hour was about to end, he let everyone know so we could double-up on drinks!  The $10-$12 cocktails were only $5-$6 during HH, great deal!  I will be back very soon.  LOVE those oysters!!!Harry was a great host and so was our server Rachel. We had a fun time having dinner and drinks with my fiancé's cousin and his new girlfriend. For dinner I had the trout and it was perfectly crispy on the outside and warm and delicious on the inside. My fiancé had the lobster roll and approved. I also really enjoyed my drink. It was a sparkling wine and elderflower combo, but I forget the name of it. However it was delicious! This is a great place to take people if you aren't sure what kind of food they like to eat. They have something for everyone. Also its conveniently located near our place, so that doesn't hurt either. We will be back.Monday Happy Hour, yeah, this is the place.
I've been having a taste for oysters and having never been here, I decided to give it a try at their 6 for $6 happy hour.  What a Win all around. I sat at the bar and the bartender with the handlebar mustache was charming as much as he was efficient.
While I waited for my oysters, I tried the hummus and it was fabulous, served with a house made salty flat bread. I had to make my self stop eating it. A dozen (east coast) paired with a glass of prosecco was all that I needed before the commute home.   I'll be back again real soon. You can't beat that deal!I've been here a few times now so it's safe to say I like the food and drink specials but not so much the service. A few months back I started my birthday shenanigans here since our original destination was no longer and option due to the weather. We were greeted by the snottiest biddie who apparently thought she was doing us a favor by pouring drinks . Eventually another bartender came in and took over taking care of us she was much more pleasant , exactly how a bartender should be.
Having worked the the restaurant industry and bars for marketing purposes I know happy hours and specials aren't everyone's favorite time to work but most people I know tip on the original amount not the discounted price. So if getting stiffed on a check is the concern of the bartender maybe you are in the wrong line of business . I've learned a long time ago to never judge a book by its cover and this applies to all facets of life. Stellar service should be given to EVERY customer regardless of whether they order the most expensive  drinks and food or are just stopping in for a quick one during happy hour.
The food at pa 6 is consistently good and if it weren't for the sometimes short /curt borderline rude service I would frequent here more often.
Brunch here is a good deal and worth a trip . My eggs Benny and bottomless (2hour)brunch was worth the price tag and service was pretty good .
Not rushing back , but if I was in the neighborhood and everywhere else was slammed id consider stopping in.Had the calamari, which was excellent, crispy and tender. Also had the lobster roll sliders which were really tasty as well, light and refreshing. Even better they come with the duck fat fries which are amazing especially with the dipping sauce, which I thought was like a home-made ranch. Friendly waiter, and the food came out in a timely manner. No complaints here, and will definitely return. Give this place a shot if you are deciding where to head out next time for dinner!I was recently on travel and saw Penn 6 review and decided to check it out. The riccotta appetizer is everything and more. A must!! Eric was awesome. The grape brandy was a little strong for me but my friend loved it. The got the lamb and I tried it. Delicious. I got the lobster roll. Duck fat fries were decadent. Too many for me to eat. Lobster was sweet and tender and loved the buttery taste on the roll . Only thing I did not like was the roll was too toasted. It was crumbly and hard which made it difficult to eat with the lobster. It broke apart. Usually I like my roll lightly grilled so it's soft but has grill marks. Definately worth the trip though.I went there for brunch and while the food was nothing to write home about, the $15 bottle of sparkling wine with accompanying juices was a steal. 
I ordered the eggs benedict and the eggs were overcooked and the home fries were just weird. They were in this tomato sauce that wasn't any good. I'd definitely go back, but order different food.Went for happy hour yesterday. I am a huge fan of any place doing buck a shuck so that's how I chose my happy hour spot for Mon. The drink menu for happy hour is ok, most of the drinks are sweet with champagne or seltzer to top it off ( which I'm not a huge fan of), but I'd you enjoy sweet drinks or champagne in your drinks you'll love them. The bar food was good got the pork sliders which was moist and very tasty, also got 6 oysters which were perfectly shucked, no sand grit nothing. The bartender was nice and attentive. My friend got the pork sliders and white bean dip which was tasty. They had chicken liver on the menu but never changed the menu (that was exactly what I was going to order). The space is nice, considering going back for brunch but I'm gonna stick with bourbon next time.Loved this place!!  It had a great vibe and the food is amazing!!  Highly recommend the octopus appetizer and the ricotta and fig spread too. The lobster roll earned it's right as "beat in Philly" and the duck fat fries are a perfect accompaniment.Overrated and overpriced. With so many places to eat in Philly? 
The octopus was rubbery, over some bland beans. Monk fish overcooked on some brown sauce that tasted like it was made from a Maggi bag. Drenched salad. The desert was a joke : a bar of chocolate fudge with plain peanuts and under ripped pieces of bananas. That's it. And why does it have to be so pricey? Dinner for 2, zero drinks : $110 with tip. I miss Europe where you can always get a great meal and wine for €50Here for brunch with friends. We each (5 of us) got a $15 bottle of champagne and assorted juices for mimosas. It was very good. One of my friends loved the french toast, the other didn't like it at all and got a hamburger. I really liked my biscuits and gravy and the side of duck fat fries with truffle aioli. The service was ok, friendly.It's more 3.5 stars. I thought it was middle of the road all the way. Food, service and quality was all just missing a little something for the price. Food was good, we had a few apps like the pimento cheese and the ricotta cheese which were crowd favs. The steak was very pedestrian but the pork collar was great. The raw bar was good but offering was limited. The drink were for the most part on point except grand marnier ordered with desert wasn't warmed. Also it turned into a club at 10pm which was weird leaving dinner. All in all if the prices were 25% cheaper I would rate 4 stars but for the price I'd rather go somewhere were they're just a notch better at execution.This place is well deserving of my first post on YELP.
Me and my friend saw the reviews on this place and had to go! But we were not prepared to be AMAZED!
The atmosphere was great. There were people in suits, business causal and casual. The staff was super friendly and very knowledgeable of the menu. A great place for a date, to meet friends or fly solo to have the ultimate foodie experience! Great location and parking garage the next street over.
As adventurous eaters we had to try the duck fat fries and charred octopus... OMG!!! Amazing! The octopus came out charred with tentacles and everything! The taste was definitely different but good! I would order it again! The duck fat fries were delicious! I don't think I will ever eat regular fries again! 
Instagram? Follow me: 4rksnivesandspunesI've been itching to come back ever since the Roaring 20's Yelp event. We came in on the later side of dinner on a Friday night. I still think the restaurant is flying under the radar so it wasn't overly crowded; very comfortable. Great atmosphere- I love the high ceilings and vintage decor. 
Our server Harry was very attentive and super friendly. To start, we ordered the mussels appetizer special and a round of east coast oysters. Apparently they are toying around with the idea of adding the mussels to the permanent menu- I think it would be a wise move! They were fresh and had a great flavor. The portion wasn't as large as you may get at some other restaurants, but it was plenty of food when paired with some other dishes. I'm no oyster conosoure but my sister has had her fair share and thoroughly enjoyed them. Not wanting too heavy of a meal, we split the jumbo scallops for our entree. The scallops were great, but I think only serving 3 on a dish was a little skimpy.
Seems like they have a great happy hour deal, which I will be checking out soon for sure. Great addition to the neighborhood!I've been back here a few times, including for brunch, and this has turned into one of my favorite spots in the city. The menu has changed and is still a little limited and eclectic, I think if they added some popular choices to the menu (no Calamari for a seafood place? How about a Caesar salad with my steak?) I think this would be one of the premier spots in town. But everything on the menu is amazing, our servers had given some great recommendations for items we wouldn't normally order that turned out really well, specifically the Pork Collar. I rarely (never?) order Pork, but this is fantastic, tender enough to split with a fork you wouldn't think it's pork and served with cheddar grits As a closed minded Northerner, "grits" is also not something that would traditionally "ring my bell" but they're excellent.
The atmosphere and the drinks are a big part of why we keep coming back. On the weekends the place is extremely vibrant and always fun, it's a bit quieter during the week and for brunch. Maybe a notch down from the insanity at El Vez. It's a good place to grab food on a weekend before heading out. The drinks are very good if only a little bit pricey - lots of unique choices with fresh ingredients and unique combinations. 
Certainly recommend this place to anyone looking for a good meal and a good time.There are few times in my life that I have paid so much for completely unseasoned, poorly cooked food. They were out of two of the entrees on their menu, and tried to create a dish for me that was completely devoid of flavor. my colleague ordered lamb chops which were cooked through and almost too tough to eat. it took almost a half an hour to get my drink- the appetizers came and entrees were ordered before it arrived. totally disappointing. will not be back.Second time coming back here after about a year.  
Seated upstairs in the "balcony" overlooking the edge.  Good spot, not too crowded, came during 4th of July weekend.
Started with the crudo sampler.  I have to say, all three of the crudo here were awesome, my favorite was probably the fluke, followed by the kampachi, then the tuna.  Great fresh fish and time taken to place and combine the right flavors for a perfect bite. 
Also tried the charred octopus.  Also pretty fresh, with a great char that added good flavor paired with the lemon. 
For dinner - split the Lobster special - a 1lb grilled lobster with the warm potato salad.  Lobster was sweet and tasty and barely even needed lemon juice to season! 
Had the ribeye steak to pair with the lobster of course, meat was excellently cooked with the nice butter glaze to finish.  Oh, and the onion rings weren't a bad touch too! 
Excellent drinks that paired well too! I'll definitely be back when wandering down 12th street!Arrived at 10:45 in the blazing heat was refused entry which is fine because their posted hours are 11am. I mean they actually locked the door on us! Upon entry, the maitre d asked us how many, checked something then said I'm sorry we are completely booked and then just left. Didn't offer us a seat at the bar and the next available reservation was 1pm!!! Now I understand it's busy and they have reservations but the lack of customer service on his behalf was appalling. I mean you don't want our money? We waited outside for this food and for all intents and purposes the restaurant is empty. Currently seated at this very empty bar steaming about our treatment. Hopefully this food will be excellent and our bartender will be attentive. I'll report back.My little brother took me here when I was visiting him. 
He had a burger which he obviously liked because it's what he ate last time. He is very picky.
I had a lobster roll, which was brimming with lobster. It was good but a little bland. Quick fix on serving with a lemon/ or a dash of paprika if they don't want to pep it up a bit. 
I would have given a 4 but we ordered the grits (I've lived in Charleston, Sc!) not good at all, bad consistency, poor flavor. 
Cute place though, good drink selection, I had a southern something or either and it was delicious!I genuinely enjoyed myself at brunch. I had the creole shrimp and grits, which was absolutely amazing. The grits had such a creamy/cheesy consistency along with the large Cajun flavored shrimp and andouille sausage. Yum!! I would go back just for that alone.Went back for a second dinner and felt I had to comment on some of the other dished we had
The crudo selection remains a favorite and a must order dish.  It's fresh and not at all what your expecting and the flavor profile really departs from your traditional ceviche/sushi type raw fish appetizers.
The roasted bone marrow is rich and decadent and covered in a peppery crust.  The toasted bread served alongside has a nice charcoal fire like toasted note...if you order, you have to get the woodford shot to use it as a luge after eating!
The burger is great, so great that we asked what they're doing different.  It's an inhouse 3 cut blend and it's heaven.  Its a big mac...or what a big mac smells like, only tastes even better.  The aioli they have on the toasted roll is what I want to put on all of my sandwiches now!
The pork collar dish sits ontop of rich cheddar grits, too rich to eat alone, you have to share this dish with the table, but rest assured, there's more than a full meal's serving of pork ontop, so there's plenty for everyone. Suprisingly, the best part of this dish is the radishes!  If this were on the menu as a side, I would have ordered another helping of them.
The duck fat fries are light and crisp, perfectly seasoned, you can't find a fault with them.
This is proving to be a solid addition to not just the neighborhoods food scene, but the entire Philly scene!Great service, I wasn't crazy about the lobster crab sliders but the macaroni and cheese was great. Also, we loved the hot wings.We were waiting to see what was to become of this space for a while, and then kind of forgot about it. When I saw the restaurant on OpenTable, I did not even realize it was occupying this location. I am so glad, though, that Pennsylvania 6 ended up here. I have a terrible inability to make up my mind when presented with enticing menu items, so the boy and I decided to build an impromptu tasting menu of sorts of our own. 
First of all, unexpected, but a perk, we were advised that we could take advantage of happy hour prices even though we were there with a dinner reservation and were seated in the dining area. Per happy hour's buck-a-shuck, we tried a dozen oysters. These were slim and not quite fulfilling or muscular, but they were definitely fresh and well-shucked (you know what I mean, I hate it when it's cut with a dangling string or straight through the connective tissue wasting much of  what is attached to the inner shell). Additionally, there were drink specials; these we did not find particularly remarkable.
As for the regular menu, we order from it:
charred octopus: this was one of my favorite dishes, my only complaint was that I found it quite salty. To be fair I prefer rather light seasoning.
crispy pig ears: I did not like these at all and consider it a mistake to have ordered them. On the other hand, the boy said it was delicious.
crudo sampler: consists of fluke, kampachi and yellowfin tuna. Did not care for the fluke as it was flavored with curry spiced taste, and I did not like the combination of curry flavors and raw fish. However, I did love the kampachi and found the tuna to be above average in freshness and the way it was seasoned.
duck fat fries: I don't like fries in general. I did not order these, so I really have nothing to say. 
potted chicken liver: The liver was gorgeous, like a dense mousse but did not weight you down Nor feel insubstantial. It possessed the right flavors, airiness and meatiness. It also paired perfectly with the onion jam it was served with. 
roasted bone marrow: Again, like the ootopus, this was quite salty. But the marrow was flavorful and rich. We told the waitress that we wished to keep the bone for our dog, and she was kind enough to box it for us. Our dog is obsessed with that bone even though I get her a smoked marrow bone every few days. So I have to assume that they had done such a phenomenal job with the marrow bone that even my picky dog was more than pleased. 
Not only would I come back, I look forward to doing so.Great service, classy decor, and a menu selection featuring amazing crudo's...it may sound a little odd, but the luge option to drink the Woodford Reserve after pouring it down your bone marrow dish does taste really good!
The staff is friendly and attentive, and given how new the place is, that's a huge plus!  Most new places fumble with the service and  you end up drinking the wrong drink, waiting for a dish that they forgot to fire, or just taking 3 hours for a simple meal.
Haven't tried the raw bar yet, just the crudo's, but based on what I've tasted and experienced so far, looking forward to making this a regular stop on Saturday afternoons!Excellent service, great food, tasty drinks. I went with a couple family members and we tried a bunch of different appetizers, all were very good. I also thought the whiskey cocktails were great, I tried a few of them and was impressed with the creativity of the bartender.A-Mazing!    We're from the Pacific Northwest and love oysters.   What a surprise to wander into this bar and find the most amazing happy hour oysters and bubblys.  If you love oysters, fun drinks and great service, come here.Overall a pretty good experience, 3.5 to 4 stars.  
I might be off base, but I think what surprised me most about PA 6 is that it felt just a little "different" for this city.  It doesn't really fit into any of the standard Philly restaurant categories. The menu (food + drink) had enough variety to keep it interesting, and the atmosphere was friendly and laid back.  Honestly, it had the vibe of a restaurant in Boston or San Fran (I'm not saying that's better, just different).
I'm also not claiming that raw bar, burgers and craft beers/cocktails are earth shattering, but I have felt that Philly sometimes comes up short on the type of places you might take a friend from out of town, particularly a friend who isn't super impressed by the concept of BYO or heavy Italian pastas (no matter how much I love them personally).
The food was generally good, but there was some room for improvement, particularly on the raw bar items.  We got "The Plateau" which featured a pretty awesome crab cocktail, decent shrimp, passable oysters, and pretty awful clams.  The kitchen items however were much better, and the duck fat fries are a must-try.
I'd go back.The food was great.  The wait staff is amazing.   Our waitress Hannah was amazing. So knowledgeable.  Knows the food.  What a great night out.   We loved it.We went there last weekend, on the recommendation of our hotel, and were seated at the bar, as there were no tables. The steak "au poivre" came out with no crust on it, no pepper on it, and a simpery gray sauce in which you could not find even the hint of a peppercorn. When I told the bartender that it was the most disappointing au poivre I had ever had in my life (after one bite) he said oh well, different chefs make it differently, and walked away. After complaining to the manager, I sent it back and it was taken off the bill. No apology from the bartender. I also had the "spicy" brocollini which was well cooked but totally bland. I don't think that kitchen would know a spice if it slapped them in the face. My husband's duck fat fries were cold. I also had a hotel coupon for a glass of champagne that I requested and never received. Service was terrible. Food was pedestrian. Don't go, unless you prefer tasteless dreck.Delicious food! Just make sure you order the right dish!
I really enjoyed the feel of this restuarant. It was a hip and modern looking restuarant with plenty of active barspace for cool looking 20 year olds to interact.
Highly recommend the pork shoulder! Meat so soft it melts in your mouth with every gnaw.Went for a special event happy hour Friday night.  It was super busy and I was a little disappointed that they changed the usually happy hour specials for the event, but I get it.  Limiting the drinks and the menu probably made things go much smoother given the large crowd.  What really impressed me was the server that pretty much took care of the entire second floor last night.  It was crazy and he was really on point.  He put in multiple food and drink requests from multiple tables and got them right.  I'm sure he had to repeat the food specials 1000 times since they didn't have a separate menu with them written down. He had to go up and down the stairs so many times!...He definitely got his 10000 steps in! He got my coat from coat check and carried a few drinks upstairs at the same time...looking like a boss in those suspenders! In a situation that could have flustered the best of servers, he had a smile on his face and was super friendly the whole night.  Good servers can really make or break a place and Penn 6 has a great one.  I wish I had his name. I really hope he got good tips.  He deserves it.  I will be back for a oysters and cocktails soon.$5 bubbly + $1 oysters = perfect combination for a mid-week happy hour. The champagne was delicious with a light touch of st. germaine and melon puree. A few of those glasses were happily married with the freshest oysters I've had in awhile. Oyster House may have some legit competition! The oysters are brought in fancy contraption that literally took up with whole table. Lucky for us, the oysters were quickly devoured, and I could see my friend's pretty face again!
We explored the menu a bit, we tried the shishito peppers and the burrata cheese. Both were excellent and satisfying. Make sure to ask for more grilled bread for the burrata!
Looking forward to coming here again! They have such a fun menu!My husband have been telling me about this place for months! I wasn't excited about it until I walked through the door of this wonderful establishment! The name doesn't sound too amazing but when you first walk in....it sure takes you back to another era.  There are black and white portraits of frank Sinatra and old Hollywood glamour...... it feels like we are dining in class! 
The service is top notch....from the manager (sorry I forgot your name who had the throwback mustache) who spends 10-15 minutes explaining the different types of oysters like they are wine....to the waitress who is knowledgable of the menus and even give great recommendations.  The only issue was that we came here after happy hour was over so we paid full price for the oysters. Although it wasn't necessarily a bad thing since we were able to try many different types of oysters from many other regions. I don't think the happy hour give you the other types of selections. 
My only compliant was the drinks we ordered wasn't that great....it was on the smaller and sweeter side.  I ordered the spring garden and the hubby ordered one of the bubbly. I will need to try some other drink recommendations. This is the only reason I gave 4 instead of 5 stars. 
We also ordered the oysters (lots of them) and the duck fat fries! Why was it all so amazing?!!! I definitely need to come here again to try the rest of the adventurous menu!The atmosphere of this space is absolutely upscale, it's got that Art Deco feel inside and the staff and food are equally excellent. I came out for their Industrial Night, which includes a lot of their Happy Hour specials and more. The DJ was absolutely on point with all of their music, in addition to that I could tell that the staff didn't want to sit still either. Their wings are probably the best ones I've EVER had in my entire life and I can confidently say that. It's such a great blend of flavors I can't stop talking about it! Come here if you're coming from out of town, or if you live in the area. It's worth the trip.I love coming here for brunch or happy hour. The drinks are on-point and it's always a lively atmosphere. The management/owners are also very active in supporting local non-profits too.Seriously...the ham & cheese...I'm not sure I really need to say anything else - just go and try it. Thank me later....
Stopped by for a drink or two and appetizer (yes the ham & cheese) on Friday evening and the bar scene was rockin'. We stopped a few other places and made our way back a bit later and snagged a seat. Good service, great drinks, and food. The bar area was still pretty packed and lively so I'm really glad to see this place doing so well. It needs to stay around - go make sure it does!I've come here twice so far for Sunday brunch, and had a perfect experience both times. There was no wait (we came around 2 or 3 both times. The portion size was just right, and the food was prepared quickly. The wait staff was attentive and we never felt rushed. The prices are very reasonable, especially considering the location. The ambiance of the restaurant is nice, and the noise levels were conducive to holding a conversation, even though the place was packed both times.Roasted chicken was great, sweet potatoes weren't as good as I had anticipated. The ricotta app was well worth ordering and I also had an Orange Blossom from the libations menu that was superb. They also had live music (Thursday night) which made for a fantastic evening.This review is based off only our my happy hour experience - this is not a representation of a full dinner.
Service: Good but they weren't 100% sure the name of the oysters. They knew where the oysters came from but I had to tweet the oyster company to get the specific name [Little Bitches - Broadwater Oyster Company]. This should be known esp. if you have your own oyster shucker in the back and off buck-a-shuck - but I enjoyed the challenge and twitter interaction with Broadwater. 
Food: The fiancé loves the white bean dip and as a veg she says it's one of the best in the city. The mini lobster rolls are so good you want to eat 10 of them based on their size - the roll is grilled perfectly and there isn't too much mayo/butter that it overpowers the meat. Most importantly you should go for the buck-a-shuck oysters - actually good oysters and not some crap to get you in the door. Pricing is solid. Prices for the dip and mini lobster roll were good but not as good as buck-a-shuck. Alcohol pricing is ok, happy hour drinks are limited and in general pricing could come down a buck or two to get more people in the door.
Atmosphere: Very clean, crisp bar area with plenty of standing room and tables in the rest of the restaurant.How is this owned by the same people who own Public House?  Truly a mystery.  The ambiance is very sophisticated, 1930s style, and the stemware matches a prohibition theme.  The waitstaff as well as the manager were EXTREMELY friendly.  We were celebrating our friend's 30th and they even brought us a complimentary bottle of champagne.  After exhibiting interest in the upstairs private room, our server led us up to view the place.  It's definitely a great spot!  
Oh, and the food... was... delicious!The restaurant is really very nice looking, the drink selection is good, the menu is great, but...
... I ordered a medium rare steak, and was pretty ill the minute I got home. If you can't cook a steak safely, how can I trust your oysters and raw food? 
This place seemed really nice, and the service was great, but crushing stomach pain and spending the night asking for death nets your business one star.This review is only for the happy hour specials. Happy hour runs from 5p-7p on weekdays. 
My friend and I came here on a Friday after we spent the day wandering around the city. We stumbled on Penn6 while walking around. It was close to our hotel and had a big ad for dollar oysters, which lined up perfectly with our hunt for hh oysters. They had a pretty good deal on the happy hour menu, where the items are all 6 bucks. The hh for drinks wasn't as good; only one beer on draft was listed for $4. We had the pork sliders (average taste, $6 for two), lobster rolls (quite small but very tasty, $6 each), duck fat fries (solid in taste, served with a truffle dip, but a little overcooked/crunchy, $6 for a medium sizes portion) and a few rounds of course raw oysters (eastern MD oysters, very good!, $6 for 6). 
We arrived pretty close to 5p, so it wasn't too crowded but as time passed the place definitely filled up and was pretty busting and loud. Overall, we had a positive experience and I'd definitely come back for the oysters alone!Came for dinner but the kitchen was closed...ended up at the bar with Dave the mixologist! He mixed me up something called "The Treaty of Paris"...it was delicious! Thanks Dave :)Good and drinks are great! Service is POOR!
Our bartender had no idea how to make any of the drinks we ordered and had to consult coworkers. After making our drinks, proceeded to make fun of one of our friends TO US while she was in the bathroom.The happy hour is great and it is tough to beat a buck-a-shuck deal. Oysters were fresh and delicious. The lobster roll sliders are incredible. Great portions for a HH snack. The Caruso sampler is also good. The beer selection is solid and friends enjoy the specialty cocktails. The space is very nice and open and can accommodate large crowds. Will come back for dinner soon.Pennsylvania 6 is hit or miss in my opinion. Oysters were fresh but some were meatier/more flavorful than others. Also had the ricotta as a appetizer. The ricotta was delicious, but I wish it came with crostini instead of huge pieces of bread.
For my entree, I had the lobster roll with duck fat fries. The lobster was fresh and had a nice mayonnaise sauce that wasnt too heavy or overbearing. The fries were crispy and had a nice aoili dipping sauce.
My boyfriend had the Berkshire pork collar, which he said was so dry it was almost inedible. He did  enjoy the cheddar grits that came with the pork.
Service was spotty, although they did have two large birthday parties going on upstairs.Nice ambience, good beer. Ordered the strip rare, it was served medium-rare but still good. It came with a frisée salad and roasted garlic bulb, I got the gar Gorgonzola butter which was really nice in the steak. The crudo sampler was excellent as were the Shishito peppers. My friend enjoyed his chicken and mashed potatoes. Average prices for the quality and presentation. Quiet spot, I was in town with a business associate and it was comfortable, though would also be good for a date. Seems like they put effort into sourcing their ingredients mindfully.We decided to try out Pennsylvania 6 last Saturday night for a special occasion dinner and to sate our individual cravings (oysters for him, chicken liver pate for me. ;) We were greeted to a large wedding party happening down at the bar but were lead upstairs where it was quieter (somewhat.) 
The wine & beer list were very appealing, and the appetizers fit the bill. I went with the monkfish for my entree and was thoroughly satisfied. The portion wasn't generous, but it was certainly sufficient. The flavors were well balanced, and so delicious, I wish there had been more! We had room for desert (a first!) but didn't see anything on the menu that appealed. 
Many of the jars & small plates looked like something that I would want to try. The service was attentive, but not overbearing. Looking forward to returning for happy hour!I went to Pennsylvania 6 during restaurant week, and was not disappointed!  The food was delicious- we had some great oysters and crudo, the pork collar, which came as a generous portion and was full of flavor, and the gnocchi, which were mixed wit butternut squash and apple.  For dessert we had the chocolate pot au creme and the apple cake.  The cake could have used a bit more caramel sauce, but overall everything was terrific. The cocktails were inventive and memorable.  My favorite was the Salinas Valley. The feel of the restaurant is chic but comfortable. Can't wait to go back!Penn 6 is what foodie dreams are made of. It's not an exaggeration when I say that this is one of the BEST restaurants I've ever had the pleasure of dining in. Everything from the decor, to the service, and especially the food, is top notch.
Must get: The pork collar, raw bar, and roasted bone marrow. 
Only small complaint- they need to bring back the pig ears. Those were fantastic and I'm sad to see them gone :(Came here with a group for a late night post-rehearsal dinner.  Food was pretty good, though not quite as we expected given some of the written descriptions.  Maybe looking at chord charts all day compromised our English comprehension.  I dunno.  Anyway, the food was good, if odd. Definitely odd.  And the waiter was super friendly, but be gently warned: This IS one of those lightly self-conscious, wear-your-moustache hipster spots that really wants you to know they're...y'know...in-the-know.  Like, our group of progressive musicians from the San Francisco Bay Area, Los Angeles, Seoul, and London listened to the the guy about beers.  He described one as "sessionable".  We had to look it up.  Maybe it's us, but no one in our crew had ever run into "sessionable" beer.  Which, it turns out is just beer that's not super alcoholic and is therefore easy to keep drinking for longer sessions.  Get it?  Sessionable.  Being session musicians, maybe we shoulda known.  And now we do.Oh so good!!!
Everything about this place is great. best octopus salad, delicious oysters, tasty drinks and the bone marrow is soooo goood. 
I will go again and again and again.So I had been meaning to come here for a while now, and since I had no real lunch ideas i figured I would finally give it a try. My first impression walking in was that it was a really sleek, nicely designed place, actually a lot bigger than I expected.  I sat at the bar, where the bartender Tara quickly informed me of the drinks and food she suggested, which was good. Ended up getting the burger, and is when the review goes down. My first issue was the speed it took to get it...there was only one other table (who had already eaten) but it still took close to 20 minutes for a burger, which wouldn't of been too bad had it tasted as good as I hoped it would. Sadly, nothing really about the burger or fries really impressed me...if  anything the burger tasted kind of salty. Also,I ordered the burger medium, and it was definitely more of a medium rare...I'm sorry, but a burger, even in a place like this, should be as well prepared...but maybe it was just an off moment. The meal was almost saved, however, by the crispy pig ear appetizer which was I'm one word...amazing. Imagine fries made of pork...you get the picture.  All in all.it wasn't the worst meal I've had in center city, but for the price, I would suggest Zavino nearby.  
I will give one more try though, as there was a seared tuna salad that looked good, and also a roasted bone marrow appetizer I've been dieing to try. Also I heard the rest of the seafood is good, so that'll deserve another visit.This is a great place to wait. An hour for your reservation and 15 minutes for the bathroom. Despite their best efforts the food is agreeable.Had a great brunch at Pennsylvania 6 today. Three of us received a warm welcome and were seated upstairs. It was very quiet throughout our brunch. I didn't get why though; the restaurant has beautiful decor and service was friendly. 
About the food, no complaints here either. Firstly, their fresh orange juice is great! I ordered the eggs Benedict. What I liked about it was that the bacon was different from what I'm used to. It was thinly sliced, in little shredded pieces. They don't serve a lot of Hollandaise sauce with it which I prefer, and the poached eggs were perfectly cooked as well. 
I would definitely be interested in coming back for another brunch, or perhaps even for dinner.So this saddens to me to even write this review but I want others to be warned. My friend & I came here on a Sunday for brunch & I was so excited until I wasn't .
Our server didn't come to our table until 11mins had past & by then I was so annoyed. When he arrived he apologized & informed us of either getting a bottle of champagne or individual drinks for their endless Mimosas. We chose the bottle of course! Our bottle comes out & we're ready to order. 
They have a set menu for brunch on the weekends that changes every weekend. So I order the shrimp & grits with a side of potatoes. I also saw they had oysters & thought I'd give those a try since I never had them. 
Oysters are about $3/per oyster. I just started off with two in case I didn't like them. The west coast oysters came to our table & to my surprise were amazing esp with the cocktail sauce. They have east coast & west coast oysters. The east coat are more saltier & the west coast are more savory/sweet. (I would recommend the west coast if you never had oysters before)
20 minutes later our food arrived to the table & everything looks so delicious but it sure didn't taste that way. My potatoes were cold; every few bites I'd get a warm one. The shrimp & grits is not like your typical resturant shrimp & grits it has a weird texture & way too much going on it in my opinion. It was cheesy but not in a good way. My shrimp were extremely over cooked & none of this agreed with my stomach. I was so disappointed. I couldn't even change my order or inform my waiter because the next time we saw him was to refill our water & drop off our check. I wouldn't recommend their brunch unless it something simple & you can count on in my opinion.
Next time I'll just come here for a few oysters & the bottle of champagne for $18 & they provide grapefruit & orange juice which isn't a bad deal at all. 
You've been warned review the menu carefully before heading here in case it's not anything on it you would try.Kale Salad, Pork Collar and rice pudding were all really really good.  Nice sophisticated and relaxed ambience with very pleasant people to converse.  I travel quite a bit for work and I would be pleased if more places existed line this joint.Loved it! I've been meaning to go here.  Their restaurant week menu/food was great! My drink was super.  Love the vibe in here so much.  I'm only not giving it five stars because our server not very personable in an "I'm just here to get paid" kind of way and was telling me about his ex, which was weird.I made reservations for Penn6 for my boyfriend's birthday because he loves oysters and swanky atmospheres and this place conveniently had both! We arrived at 6pm on a Saturday and it was not too busy yet so we got a really nice seat on the second floor overlooking the bar.
My boyfriend was enjoying their drafts but I was really into the cocktails and started with the Belgian Mule.  I ordered the Ahi Tuna Tartare and my boyfriend told the server that he preferred briney oysters and he trusted him to pick the best ones.  The Tuna Tartare itself was delicious and my boyfriend said the server picked the perfect oysters for him.
We must have gotten there a bit too early because I was really excited to try the Berkshire Pork Collar.....alas, it was not ready yet.  I sent with the Lobster Roll (apparently voted best in Philly) and my boyfriend did the NY Strip and got the chimichurri sauce on the side.  My Lobster Roll was fantastic and my man's steak was perfect - he ended up not using the sauce much because the steak was cooked so perfectly it needed no additions.  I was sipping on the Brooklyn cocktail at this point which is their take on a Manhattan - I couldn't tell you which cocktail I preferred because they were both so delicious.
Excellent service.  Excellent atmosphere.  Decent prices for the area.  I will definitely be back for a cocktail and that damn Pork Collar.Absolutely my favorite new spot in the city. Fabulous cocktails - pumpkin sage champagne - bar snacks like spicy bacon maple peanuts and citrus olives - crudos -sin plates - craft beers - swanky modern decor - love - love - loveFood was good overall but my caesar salad wasn't very good.  I really wanted to like this place, but I think it was overpriced. I've been to Butcher and Singer and thought that the price matched the quality and portions.  Here,  not so much.  The dishes were very small and not filling.  Again, if it was cheaper, the portions wouldn't be an issue.Came here while randomly walking around the area. Really good happy house specials: $1 oysters, $6 apps and drinks. Duck fat fries and lobster roll were really great. Burger was juicy and cooked exactly to order. Server was very nice.My first review was two years ago, and today, this place continues to shine! I've been to several private parties, celebrated a few birthdays and happy hour, as well as tried out the brunch menu. Solid place to entertain some out-of-towners in the food mecca that is Midtown.
Last night was no exception, and we ordered all of the dishes under "For the Table," except the potted chicken liver. (Which, by the way, I tried during HH and was excellent!). Our party of four feasted on Fresh Ricotta, Fried Oysters, Yellowfun Tuna Tartare, Shishito Peppers, Pimento Cheese, Charred Spanish Octopus, Grilled Jumbo Asparagus, and the Roasted Bone Marrow. 8 dishes that satisfied each of our culinary tastes.  Highlights included the cheeses (more bread was necessary!), the tuna tartare, and the octopus. The bone marrow is a very small portion, and the fried oysters were just ok. Egg on asparagus was genius, and it was nice to use some of the bread to clean up that plate.
As for private parties and celebrations, I've worked with Samantha, and she is great to work with! Very responsive and helpful with planning menus and giving ideas. That 3rd floor area is amazing!
I highly recommend Penn 6 for food, drinks, and creating memories!I REALLY always have a superb time here and the food is truly remarkable. You are always welcomed in with a great greeting & feel welcomed by the extremely friendly staff. I usually sit up at the bar and the bartenders are superb and knowledgeable and attentive and open. The food is unique, delicious and plentiful. It is a bit expensive for the casual atmosphere but not enough to affect things too much. I happened to havevthe sea bass with chestmuts on a butternut squash puree and it was perfectly presented, flavored and cooked. Their truffle fries always get things started for me and reslly are just plain GREAT! There is an upstairs mezzanine and  a large bar downstairs with a few tables. Both areas are well laid out and comfortable. The only aspect that  keeps it from thst final star is that i would like to see some more variety in a craft beer list. It is a bit single layered....just take it up a notch.As far as food goes, this place gets just about a 4 from me. However, for ambiance and service, unfortunately this Center City seafood spot is about a 3 for me. Nice little $6 happy hour from 5-7pm, but we scooted off for dinner the other night and a few things stuck out to me. 
1. They really pack it in tight. I'm not exactly known for my grace, but if I can't physically squeeze into the space between tables, that's gonna be an issue. Important to maximize potential patrons, I get that.... but my puffer jacket was virtually in the beverage of the table next to me as I tried to wiggle into my seat.
2. The hostess was not terribly friendly. As the face of the restaurant, the first one you meet at the door, I think that it really sets a bad tone when she seems very grouchy or dour when you say your name.
3. We were visiting PA6 for a very special dinner that I won and was pre-paid and organized by an outside party. The outside party had also given a fun gift bag as part of the prize, and a dozen cupcakes for a takeaway dessert. However, initially the staff couldn't figure out how the dinner was supposed to work, and indicated we were to pay for our own dinner. I looked puzzled, and they had to ask around to a handful of employees before eventually coming over and saying they had found the reservation instructions. However, they never brought out the dessert. It was okay, we ate plenty, but I have to wonder what happened to those cupcakes as I spoke to my benefactor and she said she'd dropped them off early in the afternoon.
The food, however, was fantastic! We tried oysters two ways, fried and raw. I loved their pink vinaigrette with the raw oysters, and they tasted fresh and briny. The fried oysters were pretty hearty, nice to not just be noshing on breading.
For our entrees, my date and I ordered a half grilled chicken "Diablo" and slow roasted bone-in short rib. They were out of the cauliflower side, a shame, but the broccolini tasted fresh. The short rib fell apart at the mere hint of a fork, and the chicken Diablo had a nice heat to it. 
However, with the prices on the higher end of "middle range" and the service not blowing me away, I think I'll probably explore a few more places before headed back to PA6.Pennsylvania 6 is another place that makes you feel instantly super-cool upon entering.  At least it does for me.  The decor and lighting is very chic and modern, and the menu is trendy but approachable.
Since it came so highly recommended by the waiter I ordered the crudo sampler.  The flavors were all so unique and complex.  This is a very delicious dish, and I understand why it is the signature dish from the chef there. We also indulged in bacon maple peanuts, which were just as tasty as they sound.
My only slight disappointment came from my cocktail.  I ordered a Salinas Valley since it was supposed to taste like cinnamon, but it didn't have much flavor.  However I definitely plan on coming back the try another cocktail or two!Great octopus appetizer. Short rib entree good but not great.  Nice oyster selection and good martini - very dry.
Not worth the food poisoning we got thoughCame here for dinner a few times already and tried the burger, bone marrow, fries, oysters and a few other items. I always had a good experience and the $1 oyster happy hour is wonderfuWas not overly impressed.  Pimento chhese app was very good but small.  Lobster was way overcooked (a special) and not served with butter.  Service was slow and prices were not justified.  Other than the lobster, nothing was aweful but nothi g was remarkable either.
I wont go back if im in the area.great happy hour specials and quality food. love the dollar malpeques when they have them--and their white balsamic is amazing, easily my favorite oyster accompaniment of all time. not a ton of seating downstairs, so arrive early !Pork tenderloin dish is amazing, and the liver pate is unreal.  Burger is a bit overrated, but exceptional service and good (not great) pricing lift this place above the competition.  Honestly, get the pork and pate, you won't be disappointed.Had an awesome brunch here with a family member. The service was good, the coffee was good, and the food was good. Definitely recommended. I wish they opened a little earlier, but otherwise great!We came here for a birthday and had a large group (18 people). They seated us on the 2nd floor towards the back. The staff is really accommodating! Since we had so many people we had a pre fixe menu, two courses.
I got the bone marrow and short ribs. The bone marrow was delicious! The first bone marrow plate they brought out for me had little bone marrow like it was mostly just bone. I was kinda upset but then we told the waitress and they brought out another one for me so I was happy again. The short ribs was DELICIOUS!!! Cooked perfectly and super tender. I tried my friend's ribeye and it was cooked perfectly as well. I also had a bite of my other friend's sea bass, it had a curry flavor to it which was different. I liked it as well. 
We thought it was three courses but it was only two. They did bring out free champagne though because it was my friend's birthday. The general manager even stopped by to make sure we had everything. It was pretty easy to get drinks since the waitress came by frequently to ask if we needed anything. This place is on the pricier side but the quality is pretty good. I didn't give it 5 stars because it did take awhile to get our food but then again we did have a large group. 
I would come back with a smaller group to try their other dishes.Awesome bar, knowledgeable staff. My girlfriend and I went here yesterday.  
We really liked the whiskey list and cocktail selection at the bar. 
We had mussels and pork collar for dinner, which was great, and French press coffee for dessert. Highly recommended!Sophistication meets affordability; Pennsylvania 6 invites diners to experience a high end meal without breaking the bank. Take a seat at either the bar, the vintage looking high tops, or classic chairs on the second level and be ready to engorge yourself with american fare with a new wave twist.
The happy hour here is brilliant. Mon-Fri from 5 to 7, Penn6 offers $5 bubblys (their take on a champagne cocktail), and $1 oysters from their raw bar. Between the two, your endorphins will be going crazy.
For a more dry bubbly, you cannot miss the Dr. Neville which was suggested to me by the manager. It combines pamplemousse liquor, lilet rose, peychaud's bitters and orange peel. If you would prefer a sweeter bubbly, try the Southern Belle, complete with strawberry, peach and fresh mint.
The appetizers are carefully crafted to appeal to every person at your table. One of the more unique dishes this restaurant has to offer are the mason jar apps. The ham and cheese is served with freshly baked crostini, benton's ham, and a mason jar full of pimento cheese. When stacked properly, this appetizer will take you back to your youth, but will remind you of how sophisticated your taste buds have become.
Another mouthwatering app is the bone marrow. The bone marrow is served paired with large crostini and a side of red onion jam. The marrow is delicate enough to eat on its own, but when you top off a  crunchy crostini with the tart onion jam and the buttery marrow, you will experience a food taste you haven't before.
This restaurant is also in the running for the best lobster roll in Philadelphia. Lobster is piled high and overflows on a perfectly toasted New England style roll. The mayo is scarce on the sandwich as it sits alongside their famous duck fat fries which comes with its own mayo-ey dipping sauce concoction. 
Be sure to check out this restaurant as it is a hidden gem. This place becomes busy, but you are always guaranteed to find a table. The bar has tv's so you can cheer on your favorite team while indulging in what this restaurant has to offer.Pennsylvania 6 has a great atmosphere with mirrors and bright whites everywhere including the crisp linens. I was seated immediately as I waited for the rest of my party to show up. The staff wasn't pushy or annoyed even though it took everyone a bit to get there after work. The dining room had a good vibe. It wasn't too noisy but wasn't dead either. We ordered from the small plates "For the Table" section of the menu and tried almost everything. The service kept up with us making several orders and kept the drinks fresh. I was with a group of less adventurous eaters and everyone loved the food and got to try new dishes. Great for happy hour and groups but I probably wouldn't come here for a quiet romantic evening.went for hapy hour. great place! they have really good drinks (i'm usually not a big fan of cocktails but their drinks were just the right amount of alcohol and taste! not too sweet which i loved). i got a few of their sparkly cocktails which was great. dollor oysters was amazing and the duck fries are definitely worth a try. would totally come back for drinks and oysters any time.PENN 6 is a great stop. Stumbled upon this low key venue and indulged on some freshly crafted libations served up by expert mixologist (they probably wouldn't refer to themselves as such... Ha). 
Penn 6 is not an overtly trendy scene but brings you a modern day hipster crowd in a vintage setting.  The menu looks like you can get a nice high end meal without the outrageous prices( I was focused on drinks for this trip. I'll be back for food). Although I didn't eat much I can highly recommend the shrimp cocktail. Can you say Shrimp on Steroids?!
Penn 6 is Bouchon for the everyday man that doesn't want to blow the bank. Enjoy.It was good but I wasn't blown away.
I got a glass of Cab to start, bartender's recommendation (of course most $ glass they had on menu at $14). It was good but not like whoa. 
Our Server Traci WAS awesome. She was nice and helpful without hovering. 
We just ordered Entrees. My BF got the burger and fries. I've had better duck fat fries at Village Whiskey. He said his burger was fine, but with the addition of bacon, not sure it was worth $19. I think the burger is better at both Village Whiskey and Goat's beard.
I ordered the pork collar. It was good, but lots of fat on top. I'm not sure if this is normal or not but I feel like it wouldn't be that hard for them to remove the fat before serving it. Maybe it just looks 'bigger' this way? The cheese grits were good as was the greens. 
I'd say the food there is solid, but I can cook just as well at home. In order to get 4 stars from me you'd have to step it up a notch. 
We didn't get dessert but the tables on both sides did. The portions looked tiny and neither finished (their shared desserts), so I can't imagine it was plate licking good.
We didn't try the crudo (which people seem to like) and they did have an interesting cocktail menu. If I stopped back in, it would be to try a different cocktail and maybe just get a bite from the bar menu.I recently hosted a party in the 3rd floor private room for 60 classmates and could not have been happier with the space and service! Laura, the special events manager, is wonderful and worked with us to plan an event that was within budget and tailored to our theme. We loved the decor of the room, the friendly bar staff, and the coziness of the room (fireplaces AND high top tables, private bar, big windows). We all had a blast and will be coming back for dinner soon!Following other Yelpers' reviews, I realized that the old Tweed spot has converted into an American seafood restaurant. And what's made me excited was the offering of $1 oysters. Well, Summer is coming and there's nothing say Summer more than seafood. 
The place itself is lofty, decorated in an old world hotel bar room scheme but happy hour here still attracts a large crowd. Once upon entering you'll be greeted by a very friendly hostess, since we're having dinner, we were led upstairs. 
The menu itself is quite exciting. It's more adventurous than your regular traditional American fare. Raw bar, crudo, carpaccio, intriguing ingredients here and there, flourishes; it's full of things that I really want to eat. 
First off, raw oysters. When I first asked the waiter whether we can participate in the Happy Hour festivities, he said no, but that doesn't mean we can't order the $1 oysters. They are sold by 5, so we had 10. It comes in a bed of ice with lemons, cocktail/horseradish sauce, mignonette and 2 miniature bottles of Tabasco. They are not exceptionally huge but they are still a good size, fresh, clean and tasty. I know a couple friends that would go gaga for these and I'll bring them next time and each get at least 10.
The crudo sampler is cute, This day we had kampachi, fluke and salmon, The fluke being our favorite. The curry oil and sea bean went surprisingly well with raw fluke. The portion is a bit small but it's fun to try something different. I've long had pig ears, it's popular as street foods in Asia and the ones here are crispy fried and came with hot sauce. It's almost like a meatier bacon, surprisingly not too greasy and the portion is good. The idea of having roasted bone marrow is awesome but the problem is that there wasn't a lot of it in the bone, definitely not enough to spread over the four buttered toasts it comes with. I wish there's a lot more of it because at the end I don't even know if I knew how it tasted. They also offer a bourbon and use the bone as a luge, but it doesn't hold a lot of appeal for me.
Keeping on with the unusual we ordered the pork jowl, it comes highly recommended by the waiter. He explains that the jowl is usually very tough but the jowl was cooked for 9 hours and comes out tender and juicy. He's not very far off. The dish comes with a slightly spicy cheesy grits that is very delicious, a few whole spring onions, slightly bitter and cute and crunchy breakfast radishes. Thinking that it's not quite enough, we also had a roasted baby beet salad, multi colored roasted baby beets with a creamy goat cheese with a side of arugula. It's one of the best things of the night.
I'm coming back next week with new friends to try new things.We heard about Pennsylvania 6 from a concierge at the Courtyard Marriott and I'm so glad we took him up on his recommendation!  The concierge warned that since it was around happy hour, we may have a wait.  Not so.  And even without a reservation, we were seated immediately at a cozy table on the second floor near the corner.  (It's also warmer up there, which is great in the winter!)
APP -- We started with a shared appetizer of fried oysters.  The oysters were delish.  We devoured them.  The sauce that accompanied them was a bit spicy. 
ENTREES -- The menu was light on entree options.  Nonetheless, I decided on the striped bass. My companion ordered the risotto, which he killed! So I'm assuming it was tasty.  :-)  My striped bass was amazing! It arrived centered in a dish filled with a sauce.  I thought that was all there was to the dish until I dug in.  Below the sauce was some kind of barley, along with strips of green leafy veg.  Great contrast in textures, among the barley, leafy veg and fish.  And it was full of flavor.
DESSERT -- For dessert, I chose the rice pudding, which came with a dollop of lemon sorbet on top of the pudding.  Fantastic flavor combination.  Don't look for the traditional rice pudding flavor or texture. You'll be disappointed. But if you want something a little different, I recommend it.  My companion ordered the carrot cake.  He said it was good. We both noticed that it wasn't topped off with icing.  Instead it was presented with carrot shavings on top, giving it a very healthy appearance. 
SERVICE -- The service was par. Not bad, but nothing exciting. 
AMBIANCE -- The restaurant is beautifully decorated with a great ambiance for a dates, as well as groups.  
RECOMMENDATION -- GO!I'm digging this place.
It's a nice, upper-scale atmosphere with really great, sophisticated food -- just as good for a classy date night as it is for a glammed-up girls' outing.
The burger is the most amazing one I've had in my more than 10 years of living in Philly, super moist and well seasoned, then uniquely punctuated by Pennsylvania 6's clever onion jam.
The duck fat fries, which I thought would give me a bellyache from their richness, were delicious -- well seasoned with a nice combo of herbs that gave a great depth of flavor and helped cut the heaviness.
Combined with the tasty food, the $5 bubbly drinks at happy hour make this place one of my new after work go-tos. 
Only (small) con: The oysters on HH special -- NOT impressive. Very small and very timid in the flavor department. With everything else Pennsylvania 6 has to offer, though, I guess we can let them slide on that one...
I've already been twice last week, and yes, I will be back here again some time very soon.I have found a new favorite brunch spot!! We came here on a Saturday with a group of 9. They take reservations so it was easy! The brunch deal is $15 per bottle of champagne and they provide the juice mixes. I think they change them up but when we went there was orange juice, grapefruit and bitters, and a honeydew mix! They were all delicious. And best of all the food WAS SO YUMMY and filling! Such an affordable drunk brunch that comes with great food, drinks and service! I highly recommend for big groups.I first came here shortly after it opened and have meant to Yelp about it ever since. In lieu of Yelp-ing about it, I have recommended it to everyone that will listen. My mother, my boss, my coworkers, you name it. 
First, the space is beautifully designed and wonderfully executed. My only complaint is that it can look empty when it's not super busy. That being said, they have a hidden gem on the third floor which is almost criminally underused.
Next, the menu. I find the dishes both inspired yet accessible. You aren't forced to take a crazy leap-of-faith, but can branch out and be adventurous if you feel so inclined. Their crudo selection is all delicious. Get all of them. The closest thing I've had to a bad experience was the bone marrow. It was wonderfully done, but very awkward to eat without looking like something off of NatGeo.
The service is always friendly, but not stiff. With so many restaurants, the wait staff feels almost robotic, but the servers here seem to genuinely enjoy their job and it shows. They're always very knowledgeable about their menu and willing to make a recommendation.
Hopefully this newcomer is here to stay for a while. A good, long while.I went there for dinner with a big group of friends and their colleagues. 
I liked this place but I felt they could improve on sitting arrangement. Our table was laid out in L-shape which divided interactions. 
Rest all was good.We wanted some drinks and a "quick" bite so we stopped in based on a friend's recommendation.  The decor had an old fashioned feel and the staff was super friendly.  We sat at the bar and both ordered the basic burger. The burger by itself was delicious, but the dipping sauce on the side bumped it up to OUTSTANDING.  I asked for seconds of the "sauce" and dunked my fries in it as well.  If it wasn't taboo I would have just spooned it directly into my mouth, that's how good it was!  I liked the vibe of the place and the food was so good that we'll definitely be back again to try an actual sit-down dinner... and I'm definitely looking forward to it!I flew into Philly on a stupidly early flight, so by the time I got to Pennsylvania 6 for dinner, I was exhausted and done for. My meal there absolutely revived me, and was the best part of the day. I had pork collar with cheddar grits and collard greens, and it was fantastic, to the extent that I scraped my plate clean. I paired it with some Dad's Hat rye, which ended up being not quite my taste, but I was glad they carried locally distilled product. Their beer tap list was small but had some decent craft brews available. They had desserts that looked amazing (I wanted all of the gelato & sorbet choices) but I promised to come back another day to try them.Food was good but the service was spotty. Checked on us multiple times when we sat down but not at all after we got our food and drinks. 
Good location and atmosphere.Had high hopes for this place but maybe next time will be better. We stopped in for a drink and possibly a bite to eat but with only 1 other guy in the place we were worried about the whole experience from the start. Nice menu with cool options. Plenty to choose from at the bar. A couple Tv's at the bar for viewing the game. We decided not to eat because it was just weird being the only people there and we were hoping for a little more excitement. Service was awkward, listening to staff convos because it's that quiet. 
We were suggested this place because friends loved it. We will have to come back another time with them, maybe we can bring some excitement with us!Happy hour: $1 oysters, $6 specialty bubbly, $6 wine, and $6 appetizers! Yes, Oyster House also has buck a shuck happy hour, but here you can also try their appetizers, like their DUCK FAT FRIES, as well! One of my favorite HH places in the city.Hip bar / club with a kitchen that disappoints. The space itself is nicely designed in what is becoming the oh so common modern speak easy aesthetic. Large ground floor with multiple floors which caters nicely to large groups. On weekends they expand to upper floors. I joined some friends for dinner one night and someone ordered the filet "medium". They were served a piece of meet that was purple on the inside, sent it back to be cooked more, and it came back rare. Waitress was nice, but obviously had no experience doing dinner service. Someone else ordered a fish entree and was also underwhelming. Cocktails were tasty, but for the price of everything we had this place leaves a lot to be desired. Stick stick to simple bar food and drinks as this place doesn't know how to execute the menu they've assembled. Only order appetizers to be safe.I wish I could give negative stars, solely based on service and our very poor experience. My friends and I wanted to try out Penn 6 for a few months now and we made a 8:45p reservation for our party of 6 this past Friday night. 
We checked in with the hostess at 8:40p and was told the table was not ready - not a big deal, I know it's a popular restaurant and it is a Friday night. We gladly made our way to the crowded bar and ordered a round of drinks. At 9pm my sister checked back in with the hostess who had yet to offer any update on the ETA for our table; she said the table was still not available and could not provide a timeline. By 9:15p the table was still not ready and my sister asked the hostess if we could speak to a manager. 
The manager came over and offered to buy us a few appetizers and a round a drinks - don't get me wrong, I appreciate the gesture but we're not after free food and drinks, we'd just like to sit down and have a nice meal together. The round of "free drinks" was also decided upon by the manager, to be a shot of their house made brandy...um, thanks but no thanks. Two people in our party asked for wine instead and after checking with the manager, they obliged. The appetizers were good but again, we didn't order these, rather the manager decided which appetizers would be offered for free (fries and their signature "ham and cheese"). By 9:30 (yep, 45 minutes AFTER our reservation), the table was still not ready and we were becoming impatient for good reason. We contemplated leaving but felt like we should give Penn 6 a try, after all, the manager was apologetic even if the hostess' glare wasn't and we'd heard great things about the food.
Finally at 9:45 we were seated at our table upstairs. The waitress overheard our conversation about the fact that the table was finally ready after an hour and what happened next was nothing short of a Seinfeld episode. After filling up our water glasses she proceeded to walk over to the upstairs server stand and tell the hostess and another waitress that her table was "DRAMA!" Seriously?! I could not believe what I was witnessing, surely there is a hidden camera and my friends are pranking me...no hidden camera here.
I shot my sister a glance who had witnessed the whole exchange as well and said "we're leaving." I was so upset and did not want to make a scene so I simply stood up and walked toward the door. My sister stopped by the hostess stand on the way out to let them know we wouldn't be dining there that evening. The hostess finally made the right call and got the manager. I had to leave the restaurant because I was in disbelief and really upset. My sister spoke with the manager and he gave her his card and said "next time I'll make sure to take care of you guys." A little late - first impressions are hard to overcome, not saying I haven't given a restaurant a second chance, but after being disrepected I am not sure I will ever return to Penn 6.
Too bad Penn 6 horrendously staffed their Philly location because the appetizers we did have were good. Not going to recommend Penn 6 to anyone given the hundreds of other Philly restaurants that understand service is important and work hard to please their customers. Truly a disappointment.I don't think I have ever before in my life seriously used the word "swanky" as a describer for anything, but hey, that's Pennsylvania 6.
We arrived about ten minutes ahead of our requested reservation time last Saturday night, and were seated in one of the half-booths in the upstairs portion of the fancy-pretty restaurant. The tables are somewhat close together, but there was breathing room and no server-bumps, so it was fine.
Speaking of servers, ours was great. She stopped by often to check up, but not too often that it would've been annoying. I wasn't drinking that night, but the cocktails looked delicious (and allegedly were, as reported by my friend.)
We split the duck fat fries with lemon aioli -- try saying that five times fast -- and they were different but fantastic. Not one remained in that basket by the time we were done with them.
For my main entree, I chose the Lancaster chicken, which was reminiscent of a.kitchen's chicken dish, but better. It didn't look too big until I stuck my knife into it. It turned out to be filling, though I didn't bring leftovers home.
For dessert, my favorite and most savored portion of the meal, I had the bourbon vanilla gelato. They gave three little, incredibly rich scoops. It took me forever to finish the plate since it was so flavorful. Certainly not your "vanilla" vanilla!
PA6 is also conveniently located near PATCO and next to Go Popcorn (love), and that makes me happy. I'd make a return trip.$6 draft normally wow. Oh well, happy hour is pretty bomb. Duck fat fries are salty, greasy, rosemary-y and delicious. Oysters are not briney. Decent $3 Yards draught draft on happy hour.I came here today for the first time for their brunch and had their brioche french toast which was pretty good. However the service was absolutely horrible and it was not busy at all. It took 20 minutes for our server to bring out my table's drinks and the bar wasn't busy at all. Our waitress was completely inattentive and even took almost 10 minutes to get our cards after we were given our check.We had an event at the Marriott and I decided to make a last minute (like 12 hours out) reservation for dinner as close to City Hall as possible before our event. 
All my go-tos on 13th St were (rightfully) booked. Pennsylvania 6 was not. I peeped their menu, saw lots of champagne, duck fries and lobster roll. SCORE. 
When we walked through the door there was a DJ in the corner blasting untz untz at 7pm. WUT. The air conditioning was broken, which is not really something you can hold against a restaurant. But still, it was 90 out and that's kinda sucky. I will say that the hostess was super personable and did her best to accommodate us.
The drinks were ok, but overpriced in my humble (crotchety) opinion. The lobster in the lobster roll was WAY overcooked and tough. And it was super duper citrusy, which leads me to believe that the kitchen may have been covering up past-prime lobster with lemon. I also chomped down on a GIANT piece of shell. Harrumph. 
The duck fries were decent, I would have liked them a little crispier. They were hot and fresh out of the frier, so props were props are due. 
This place confused me terribly. It's so cute inside. Subway tile, lots of wood, Art Deco touches. THEN THEY HAVE SOME JACKALOPE ON A MACBOOK BLASTING FIDDY CENT REMIXES. 
Even if the food was great, the vibe was terrible and made zero sense. I probably won't be back.Excellent little joint, recommended to us by a stranger while visiting Philly. Food is spot on with the fried oysters appetizer being the trophy winner. Burger was great as well. Good service and affordable, I would recommend.Old glam and more! My first time here and I particularly enjoyed their bone marrow (reasonably priced at $12) and their choices of oysters. They have a few choices of crudo, sandwiches and small plates, and a good selection of entrees if you're looking for something heavy. We were greeted by a very accommodating manager, Bryan and I just have to commend that in every restaurant I try because not all are that way. I stuck with their crudo sampler for dinner, which was delicious! Small but it is just a crudo and meant for tasting not for an entree.   We also got to try their selection of oysters as well as the burger and lobster roll. All were equally good. I would certainly like to go back to try more of their dinner entrees. I also saw that their happy hour includea $1 oysters and I will have to go back for that too!This place is a great little  center city  gem.  Very nice decor, friendly waiters/staff and the food.  I had the octopus dish and the beat salad.  Both were very tasty.  I strongly  recommend  the octopus and the raspberry sangria.  I am told the oysters are amazing too, but no oysters for me.  :pI've been here three times now and I'm a fan. 
First time was the Yelpies, which were awesome. Second time was for a friend's birthday, where they let her reserve a side area for our group, which was also great. 
Most recently I was here for a monthly girls dinner, when our hopes of getting a table at zavino's failed. I suggested PA 6 and it was a hit. We started with the duck fat fries and then got... another order of the duck fat fries. A friend and I split the gnocchi which was awesome (a lot going on: brussel sprouts, butternut squash, apples, walnuts, and duck, but it totally worked.) Also tried the buratta, bone marrow, and octopus, which were all good. My friends were also happy with their burgers and butternut squash soup. At $40 a head which included a few bottles of wine, it's been one of our cheaper dinners. 
We were celebrating my friend's birthday and they brought out cake and we sang and were obnoxious and no one cared, which was great. The place was practically empty and we had a great table upstairs overlooking the bar, and could talk loudly about boys and whatnot without worrying about anyone overhearing. 
Perfect spot for a large group, event, happy hour, or when you want to grab some good food and drinks!Casual neighborhood bar/restaurant feel with a Center City vibe. Great raw bar. Best lobster roll outside Maine, and duck fat fries that redefine the French Fry! Great old marble top bar and high boy tables. And the Phillies are on getting creamed by San Francisco.  What's not to like.