I gave this review 2 stars because I came twice to this establishment 2 days in a row and was disappointed both days.We were in Philly for the 2013 NCAA LAX Championships, and needed a quick and good breakfast before the games. The Penrose diner exceeding our expectations for breakfast. The coffee was good and never ending, the service was quick and the various omelets and egg sandwiches we had were great. For diner breakfast, this is as good as it gets.This is definitely The One - my diner of choice in South Philly.
It's my opinion that you can really tell the quality of a diner by its lunch and dinner offerings, not breakfast.  Breakfast is difficult (though not impossible) to screw up.  My friend and I came late one Saturday night, around 12:30 am.  The hostess and waitress were cheerful and attentive.  The facilities are updated and clean.  My friend ordered breakfast; I decided to break from tradition and order a sandwich.
They got all my additions and subtractions from the sandwich right the first time, AND it was delicious.  I wanted to eat all of it, but got too full due to the plentiful portion.  Fries were crispy and flavorful.  Refills of drinks were prompt.  This is the closest I've come so far to duplicating a true Jersey diner experience.
Score one for Penrose.  Now, if they can do matzoh ball soup, they'll have me for life.Once again, my sisters and I enjoyed a post-flight- into- Philadelphia lunch at the Penrose last week. Service was excellent and our food tasted great. I ordered one of the lunch specials that included dessert. Of course, I chose rice pudding, which completed my meal in the best way possible! Will be back next time I fly into Philadelphia to visit family!Agree with everyone who raves about the French Onion soup. I'll put it up against any 5 star restaurant. It is a must have when I go there. Their salads are also nice.  I like the new look/decor.Great place for breakfast before an event at any of the stadiums. We had breakfast on a Monday morning at 10:00am on Memorial Day. Parking lot was crowded but if your patient spaces come up fast due to the quick turn over inside. The line was out the door and down the walkway, which made us question staying. The line moved very quick and we were seated within 5 minutes, so don't leave even if the line looks long. You could also walk in to check for counter seating which is FCFS. Once inside the diner is huge, very clean and updated. Waitress greeted us immediately a provided great service. Huge menu with many great options. Food was great and served fast, especially based on how crowded the place was.   You pay at the counter. Try the scrapple if your not from Philly.Cheese steak fries were amazing!!!! Friendly service and good food. Will definitely return.Got dinner here twice recently and was pretty satisfied. Long menu and the food was cooked well. If you like liver and onions, they have huge portions of perfectly cooked liver, onions, and bacon. I am much happier with their dinner food than breakfast. Nice to see everyone happy and pleasant waitresses.Can't believe I haven't reviewed this place. I'm a regular.  About 20-25 years ago, it was a disgusting pit with horrible food.  Then they re-modeled (I wonder if ownership changed, too?) and has been great ever since.  Obviously, a diner has to excel at breakfast.  Check.
To get five stars from me for non-breakfast times, the food has to be good at other times, too.  That's where the Penrose surprises me.  Their dinners aren't just decent for a diner -- they are actually good. Consistently so.  
The service ranges from average to outstanding -- never bad. 
When I think "What do I need from a diner?", the Penrose comes to mind.  It's better than any of the other South Philly options -- tried 'em all.  If you want to beat them for breakfast, you'll have to visit my neck of the woods (suburbs), and you'll pay a lot more (and the service won't be better).  You won't beat them for dinner at a diner up my way, and you'll pay a lot more for your dinner.My friends and I come here... Often, and late. Features of this diner that some other Philly diners lack:
Semi-secluded back room for us queer folk*
Friendly service
Ample parking
Delicious dessert variety
Cheese whiz. 
* note: this is where we like to sit. I am not saying they put us there for any negative reason. Just to clarify.Went to the diner for lunch, and did not leave hungry!  I got a lunch special for $9 which was a turkey club and a cup of soup.  The soup was crab soup and it was creamy and thick, but not all that good.  The turkey sandwich was huge and pretty good.  The turkey used was the processed kind that has that clear gel looking substance to fill the voids.  It was good and the fries were very good.
The service was friendly and attentative.  It was seldom that my drink was empty.  As far as diner meals go, it was average.If I could give this place 10 stars I would!! The service was EXTREMELY friendly and surprisingly FAST!! We were visiting from out of town, and after checking out of the hotel drove to the diner. The line was out the door and the establishment was packed. We were expecting to wait a while but was seated within 5 minutes. Terri our server was pleasant, patient with my 7 year old and accomodating! The food was quick, hot, fresh and TASTY!!! Can't wait until my next visit.This place has officially surpassed the Melrose as my favorite South Philly diner.  Breakfast is consistently good, and they do dinner right.  They'll even give you a glass of house wine as part of some of the reasonably priced dinner specials.  You can't beat that deal.  And it's much more comfortable than the Melrose, which is cramped for a big guy like me.This diner was amazing! 
The staff is definitely reminiscent of old lady hair salons but in that really awesome, dingy yet charming way. Perfect for drunk times. 
The burgers are huge! Nice, fluffy, extra potato-y steak fries. Perfect drunk food.
Also, that French Toast was amazing I was forcing everyone else at my table to try it no matter how full they were. Seriously, people hated me for attacking their mouths with mounds of its fluffy goodness. I don't remember this so well though. 
Definitely worth the trek out here in future times out.It's really hard for a diner to impress me since I tend to have high standards for everything, but Penrose was pretty darn close to meeting/exceeding them when it comes to diners.
As we drove by around midnight, we noticed everyone on the street appeared to be migrating toward the corner diner. The window booths all seemed full, so we were intrigued. 
I had a really hard deciding since most of their menu consists of comfort food, but ended up getting french toast with ham and eggs. The french toast was unnaturally fluffy and flavorful, played up with some powdered sugar. The slice of ham was slightly browned; totally great.
My friend ordered the chicken ceasar salad and she got a nice sized salad for $10.95.
Our waiter was very attentive; we got everything relatively quickly without feeling rushed.
Definitely a good place to satisfy your nighttime munchies! *
*Friday and Saturday nights. They're only open until midnight during the week!Super friendly people from staff to customers. They are always busy, so go early. Had breakfast their and loved everything we ordered. Have to try their French onion soup, it's one of the best I ever had.Consistently great food and friendly staff. Best place to go for cravings from burgers to chickenparm.I love breakfast, and the Penrose makes a mean breakfast. Portions are huge and service is on point with a side of Philly personality. I'd eat here while sober, and I don't say that about many diners.
Recommended: the disco fries (think Philly/jersey style poutine), the cheesesteak fries (mouth is watering as I type this) and the open face hot turkey sandwich. Oh, and the omelettes. Did I mention I love breakfast?I needed to find a good place to take an out of town guest for lunch near the Holiday Inn, in South Philadelphia.  After searching all over the area, I decided, based on the reviews, to try the Penrose Diner.  It was a very nice experience.  I ordered a hot turkey with gravy & stuffing, with mashed potatoes, with an included veggie choice (I chose succotash).  This had to be the BEST hot turkey platter I've ever tasted.  The stuffing was amazing. The turkey was moist and tender, and the gravy, perfect.  Also, had a cup of soup (included in the price.  I had New England clam chowder, which was perfectly delicious!  Next time I'll get a big bowl, it was so good.   I'm a rather healthy eater and usually can devour anything within reach.  I have to say, I was very filled and satisfied.  (yes, I ate everything)!
The wait staff were all friendly and we will surely come back again.   South Philly is known for great food, and this diner reflects that reputation.Great experience with enthusiastic server, Brooke! With family visiting, we drove easily from the airport.  Happy atmosphere, excellent selection of well prepared food, delicious bread (spice is nice!!), fresh salad and best balsamic dressing!   I really enjoyed the salmon Florentine with perfect green beans.  The bakery showcase is seductive, and we left with lots of tasty treats.  Would be very happy to recommend and return.  Thanks Brooke!Guest leave closer to dawn than I prefer, try to sleep in, but my stomach is rumbling and it demands breakfast stat! Certainly not in the mood for waiting with the cute people, I need nourishment now. Head south my friend, were going to the Penrose. Penrose is a good diner, it serves good portions of good food, nothing fancy, nothing ill prepared. Eggs, french toast, and various breakfast meats served exactly as you expect them, no fusion and no surprise twist. Comforting when its most needed. all the flavors are right, enough cheese on omelet, french toast is moist. 
If it weren't for Johnny, it would have been a a good deal all around. Johnny was the gentleman who was seated behind us, after us. the waitress said to us "give me a few minutes" and preceded to go to Johnny and take his order. After making sure Johnny had coffee and was comfortable, then she came to take our order. Johnny's food came out lickety split, while we waited and waited. Johnny had finished his breakfast before we got our food. The only time the waitress payed any attention to us, was to ask to take away our bottle of Tabasco to give it to another table. I get it, we are in south Philly and I am not a regular. I am polite and a good tipper, and if you had made me feel a bit more welcomed, I might be back on regular basis, but now not so much, unless i am starving and in need of good omelet stat!eh, it's OK. Has definitely change over the years and not for the better. The french onion soup is really good but there's not much else worth mentioning. Breakfast hash browns are like boiled potatoes. Worst fried calamari I ever had. Definitely sticking to the soup if I go back.Ordered the London broil special. Includes 2 veggies. My companion and myself both ordered this. We asked for double broccoli. The waitress just wrote down the order. Saying nothing about our choice in vegetable. When the check arrived we were charged an extra $8.00 for the broccoli. We asked the waitress what the charge was. She said they don't serve broccoli. So she charged us to make it a la carte. We should have been informed that broccoli would be an up charge. We paid extra and didn't receive the vegetables we were entitled to or the included dessert. We didn't argue. We paid. Left me feeling very uneasy about the place. I found this to be a little shady. Food was ok, but I'm pretty sure we won't return. Bad customer service.Wait staff didnt ask if i wanted dessert other than that good food, good service, nice atmosphere, table manners could have been betterThis place was recommended by hotel staff primarily due to it being cost effective. I was very disappointed in the quality of food down to the fountain drink. I mean how can you mess up on soda? I ordered the egg benedict over crab cake. 
My dish was served loaded down with hollandaise sauce so much the entire plate was yellow. The sauce tasted bland and pasty not at all as it should have.  Worst yet when I cut into the eggs they were practically raw with yellow and white yoke. Not poached at all!! I returned this dish to the kitchen and request a basic average waffle. This too was of poor quality it tasted like bread dipped in cooking oil. Rather than return another menu item and to avoid further delay I ate it.  My friend had an egg sandwich on bagel and indicated that it was good but that the home fries (the thing she looks most forward to eating) were nasty and unseasoned. It takes effort to mess up on fried potatoes. 
 I would not recommend this Penrose diner. I have eaten at numerous diners on the east coast and this was the most disappointing one. My experience is that most diners take time and care to prepare their food even when it is a holiday weekend. If in Philly I would recommend doing more research before eating here.  Furthermore, the customer service was just average. 
Perhaps this is a place that only locals can love.This is the best neighbor diner in Philly. My husband and I have eaten here quite often and have rarely had a problem that wasn't fixed right away.  I hope I get the waitress's name right, cause I'm horrible with name, but I believe her name is Myrna.  She was such a delight and so attentive. Not once did I have to ask for a coffee refill. All the wait staff at Penrose are awesome.Been here for breakfast which is good but lunch, ughhhhh.  Cheeseburger should be called the grease burger. Absolutely horrible.  A JOKE.  Took two bites and pushed it away after the quart of grease leaked out.  I officially am DONE.Penrose diner has the absolute best French onion soup in our area, I've tried a couple dozen places and diners and nobody can top their broth! So delicious thank you for the great serviceI love the Penrose probably my most favorite diner in South Philadelphia. Great spot for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. The waitresses are very friendly and always have a smile on their faces. The French Onion Soup is amazing and always full of flavor; a warming comfort food. I also had the Cordon Bleu Panini which was amazing it was served with hot crunchy fries and nice juicy pickle. There was so much on my plate I had plenty of room for leftovers to take with me! If your ever in the area, its a great place to stop in for some great food.If I could leave no stars I would. In town for a meeting and we Went in for brunch with some coworkers heard ok things about this place but when we walked in to be seated we were seated by someone named Lisa M. Let me tell you, We didn't feel welcomed when we first opened the door . Her attitude and appearance made me Alone want to leave but I thought I'd give it a shot. She first tried to cram us in a small booth until one of us asked for something bigger which seemed like such an inconvenience due to her attitude then on top of that I'm not too sure if the lady can count because she shorted us a menu. Needless to say id never recommend or return to this diner again. Lisa M needs to be in the back or better trained with customer services! Such a shame.My go to place to hang out after a late night event at the stadiums. Awesome place to go with friends and hangout or grab a quick meal on the run. Staff is always friendly and service is generally very fast. Hands down one of my favorite diners in the Philadelphia area, and I am a diner fanatic! Make sure you try one of the amazing cinnamon sticks or buns!!The staff was accommodating for a massive number of fans before today's game. They did a great job getting everyone their food quickly. Prices were affordable.Delightful old school Northeastern diner! Waitstaff here is tremendous! True pros. Ate here 3 times over the week and was never disappointed.It's So. Philly. It's a diner.  It's not fancy. It's workmanlike, ample portions, decent prices. Close to the airport and open. Nothing better than a diner breakfast at o-dark thirty. It's like an oasis in the desert.Quite sad really. I.show up at 11:38 pm and the doors are locked. Call and ask and they say they lock.doors 20 minutes before.midnight.I truely wonder if the owner knows they do this. It says open until Midnight on the sign. Since when does open until midnight mean open until 11:40 PM?? I am pretty sure whoever owns this establishment would say that this is not their policy. A major concert going on at the Wells Fargo Center and a hotel across the street and you are the only establishment that serves food in the area and you close early and lie about policy?? Sorry you get one star and that is ONLY BECAUSE I CANNOT GIVE YOU ZERO. We will check tomorrow with management to see if this is actually policy. If it is you need to change your sign to say open until 11:40 PM...Solid, well prepared food.. you can tell the place has been there a long time from the vintage, original sign. And that it's good because the diner itself is very well maintained, clean and comfortable. Stunning bakery case and complimentary breadbasket (my companions vouch for the tastiness.. I am unable to eat grains.) 
Be careful if you're navigating via Google. The diner is on Penrose and 20th and cannot be accessed from the ramp as the directions implied.Love this place!  Whether you want breakfast, lunch, dinner or late night snack this is the place to go!  I have yet to order anything I don't love!  And if you go try the salmon with crab meat!  It is to die for!!  Chicken parmigiana is incredible and huge!  You won't be disappointed.Had breakfast there for the first time.....fast friendly service....had the florentine omelette.....delish, I'm not big on potatoes, however, these were great!!  The pancakes - nice, light and fluffy...next time in Philly I MUST go back!!Good food.  Clean.  Fresh bakery items available.  Staff is always very nice. Sundays around noon are super busy.Service is exceptional !!!! The desserts were average and the main meal lacked any seasoning at all . I got the farmers wrap and it was ok at best. The POTATOES ARE PHENOMMMM !!!! despite the food being average i would patron this place for sure if i was in the area .the BEST diner ever. i'm never disappointed and everyone who works there is so friendly. the food is so good. i love coming hereWent here pretty well intoxicated at about 3 in the morning. Rather than being upset or irritated with having to deal with 3 drunk dudes our waitress was friendly and patient and made sure we had plenty of water. Being for out of town I had to order the Cheesesteak and it was pretty good and certainly sufficient to satisfy the drunkchies that I had going on. Overall, a very good experience and I would certainly go back again.One of the better dinners in Philly. Servers are pleasant. Wait time is decent. Big dessert selection.Great service! Food was delicious!  Waitstaff were super friendly and attentive.  It was a nice atmosphere. Pennrose is still by far my favorite diner! The chicken crocquettes were so wonderful and the bread!! Don't get me started. I love hanging out here.A few years ago I would have sworn that the best Philly diner breakfast came from Broad and Ellsworth, but since they're no longer in business I need to pass the buck to the Penrose.
For years I was an Oregon Diner girl. It is a hop skip and a jump from my house and I always found something to hit the spot, especially in the morning, but lately I have been having nothing but horrible experiences there. The Penrose, on the other hand, is becoming my favorite local diner.
If you can get across the million way intersection without getting killed you won't be disappointed. To be honest I have NEVER eaten anything other than breakfast here so I have to base my judgment off of that.
Only once did we ever get a rude waitress and it is better to sit at the counter, especially on Sundays after church hours. The meals are filling and don't dig deep into your pockets. I have never had to send anything back so that's always a good sign. 
In all it's a great little place, and if we can get our friend Billy to clear his plate then it must be good.Came here after the Phillies game. It's your standard diner food. I ended up getting the nacho fries, which was a massive order and a delicious order of cheesey, chili fries topped with lettuce, tomato, and onion.  I also got a tiramisu, which tasted more like cool whip than coffee heaven.  So the tiramisu was depressing, but the fries were legit.Penrose is the diamond I've been searching for in the Philly diner rough. First off, it is absolutely worth the hike from Center City (if you have a car). We came here on a Saturday morning around 11am and were seated immediately. The space is clean, updated, and has plenty of seating. The menu is HUGE. I decided on a ham and cheddar cheese omelet. Dining Partner had a bacon and American cheese omelet. The home fries that accompanied our omelets were of the shredded variety and were cooked to perfection. To top it off, service was great. Our server was a sweet little thing who kept calling us "dear". I can't wait to come back and try the beautiful desserts in the front cooler.It's a good and popular spot to grab breakfast (or lunch or dinner) in South Philly. So popular, parking is a luck of the draw affair. 
Big menu. Standard diner fare.The food was not only delicious but the portions are humongous!!! The staff was super friendly and they didn't even haggle us too bad considering my husband was wearing his Skins hat.The only reason I'm giving this 2 stars it's because it's pricey. The food and service are good but I don't think breakfast should be 10 bucks for a couple of eggs and a meat, plus a tip your looking at 15 bucks. The owner raised all the prices after remodeling the place. I would recommend coming here, just make sure you have enough cashGreat diner, great atmosphere, great servers. The food items can be a bit pricy, but the quantity of food you receive is quite astounding. The leftovers alone can serve as 1-2 meals!Last week, I partook of a 7 AM power breakfast at the Penrose Diner with a group of business associates.  It was a snap finding a spot in their spacious parking lot.  The dining room is quite spacious, and we sat in the back at a large table.  The coffee was rich and satisfying, and my breakfast platter of scrambled eggs, rye toast and sausage was hot and delicious.  Service was excellent - responsive but not intrusive.  Price was very fair.  Penrose is an excellent diner - check it out next time that you're in South Philadelphia!great googley moogley!! why didn't i go here sooner??!
you know, i have no answer, either.
damn fine diner, with decent prices, funny & more than adequate waitresses and good chocolate milk. hooray!Since I rarely have a good food experience at diners, I was a little nervous when ordering. I chose the rice and chicken soup, and when it arrived, the rice was undercooked, there was no chicken and it was cooler than lukewarm in temperature. When I told the waitress that "I'm sorry, I cannot eat this because......." and she had already walked away with it. So this flushed the rest of my food-confidence down the toilet and I only ordered a tea as a coconut cookie. The tea was good, it was a bag of Earl Grey with a cup of hit water, so it was hard to mess that up.From the ambience, to the food, to the service, this is my new favorite Philly hangout. I can't say enough good things about this place. Oh, AND they have a liquor license!Decent diner, the place is at least very clean. As for the reviews, as diners go, it's nothing more special than your local diner. Food was ok, I had a cheese steak, wife had a turkey burger, and kids had chocolate chip pancakes. Everything was seasoned well, and I'd order the food again if we went back.
Our server was friendly, but she wasn't very attentive. Minor things that she missed is why I'm giving them 3 stars. 
1- forgot one of our requests. I had asked for some ranch for our fries. She came back 3x and never remembered. We didn't try reminding as we were pretty much done eating the first time she came around.
2- didn't refill our waters. These are the basics, so was surprised she neglected to give refills.
3- wasn't very helpful come dessert time. We ordered a decent amount of desert, and figured that'd be worth some attention, but she took longer than it would have taken us to get it ourselves from the service counter.
4- water not refilled still... after desert it's nice to wash everything down with some water, but no luck here.
I'd of thought with how much we spent and how much the tip was for she'd make sure to deliver good service.
Not a bad place, but I'd bet your local diner serves up what your looking for, as this place isn't that special.A busy diner where  some guys looking like wiseguys stood in front, they sit you right away, and throw a plate of slop at you.  Almost stereotypical diner.  
OK, maybe I am exagerrating.  Plates are huge.  Nothing healthy to speak of.  It is the quintissential greasy spoon type place.The French Onion soup is worth writing home about! The freshly breaded fried flounder sandwich is large enough to be a dinner, and quite tasty. At 3:30 in the afternoon, the place was packed. Unfortunately our waitress had a fully packed station and had trouble getting by to see us, but the great food more than made up for it... just be prepared to wait your turn for service. I would definitely come again!What a low-class move. I come here with groups and eat periodically with no problems. Today I am here studying for finals in nursing. We are sitting amongst  14 empty tables. We were getting ready to order paninis when a young guy comes over not so nicely and tells us we are only having coffee and must leave. Not cool.This place was amazing!!!! My boyfriend is still talking about the wings he had there and how he can't wait to go back to Philly for the wings alone. I loved the place as well ... Everything i had was great the only reason i am not giving 5 stars is because the hostess was MIA every time we arrived to be seated ... but as for the food and the rest of the service AMAZING! We didn't eat any place else the entire time we were in Philly!Sadly, my experience at 4:30 am at the diner wasn't very pleasant at all. The food was pretty bad and the service was even worse. 
The positives are that the place is clean and safe at 4 am. With cops both inside and out. I ordered chicken fingers and they were the driest peices of meat I've had in a while.Quintessential South Philly.  "How many, hon, two?" is usually how they greet you, big hair and all.   My husband has been a fan of PR for years..he usually gets breakfast special #1, which is delicious and a bargain.  Today we were there for lunch.  My wedding soup was fantastic, and our bread basket had BANANA bread in it! That sounds strange, but it was yummy!!! If you're looking for a place to dine before or after the Phillie's game, you can't beat Penrose.For Milkshake aficionados... This is Mecca. They also happen to have some seriously awesome hash brown/ home fries. I know that's a weird combo, but that's all I had.Penrose is pretty much your standard neighborhood diner, but when my friend suggested we go here for lunch one day, I must have been in the mood for something other than breakfast, granted that was served all day.  That being said, I opted for a mushroom and swiss burger with fries, and I was quite pleased.  Not to mention our waitress was friendly and attentive.  I would definitely return if I found myself in that part of town again!I had the pork chops. A good portion, perfectly cooked. Great service. This place is a hidden gem!The service here is excellent. Seated right away. Coffee in less than a minute and really decent cup pa joe.  Ordered two eggs over easy and the turkey sausage links. Food arrived in less than 10 minutes. As happy as we were to seee the food so quickly the waiter was impatient that it took so long..lol
It's a great breakfast joint a few minutes drive from the PHL airport. Oh one last thing the toast came out with the food which is important to me.Best scrapple ever!  Now before you turn up your nose, I'm a native South Jerseyan, which means that I love scrapple!  My grandparents used to make it for breakfast, and I remember eating it when I'd spend the night.  So for you out-of-towners who act like it's not good, it is salty, grey, breakfasty goodness - and you don't know what you're missing!
My friends and I stopped at Penrose last Friday night after catching a movie at Riverview.  I had a taste for breakfast food, so I opted for the short stack with scrapple.  The pancakes were HUGE and cooked to perfection.  I don't eat pancakes often, so when I do, I need them to be delicious and these didn't disappoint.  Now on to the scrapple - it was fried perfectly.  So perfectly in fact, that I considered ordering more (it only came with one slice), but I decided not to as the summer is rapidly approaching, and I'm hoping that my waistline will thank me for it.
Definitely my favorite Philly diner!The Penrose Diner is a South Philly staple and yet you will always find patrons from all different areas. They have some of the best breakfast items that I've ever had. The food here doesn't have a beautiful presentation but more importantly it's delicious and the portions are generous. In all of the many years that I have been coming here I have never had a bad experience. The wait staff is always friendly, always professional. The staff conducts itself like the well oiled machine that it is. The food, the atmosphere and the staff will always keep me returning to this gem.I think the main reason I like the Penrose is because I feel like I'm in a Jersey diner, which is a great feeling to have when you are in a diner. I have been here a handful of times now and my experiences have been on the positive side. 
The first time I came here, I ordered two scrambled eggs with toast and hash browns, which was a nice sized portion and was very good. The coffee on the other hand, tasted like it had been sitting on the burner for quite some time as it was cold and stale. 
On my second visit I ordered the meatloaf with mashed potatoes and brown gravy. It too was a good sized dinner and left me full for the rest of the night. Might I also add that the lentil soup was pretty legit. 
We had the same waiter both times - a really nice guy who remembered us from the first time and was extremely attentive and nice. The women at the counter weren't quite as pleasant, but I imagine that they've seen a lot in their day and have developed some pretty tough skin in light of it. 
The Penrose really is a classic diner with classic diner food, so you won't necessarily be getting organic food made from scratch or the nicest people in the world, but you will get a damn good meal and a spoonful of personality.Bad service. I had to shout my order over a table of 6 people to the server on the other side because she wouldn't come around to take each of our orders individually, or even move towards us in the slightest bit.
Several of my coworkers ran out of water and no one ever came around to check on us.
On top of that, they don't have any vegetarian options. No veggie burger, no veggie wrap or sandwich option. WTF? How hard could it be to have One Option.
I will definitely not return. And neither will my coworkers, since we'll all be at a restaurant that actually has something I can eat.What an awesome Saturday morning breakfast!! We didn't have to wait to be seated and, once seated, we were quickly greeted by a very pleasant waitress. She took great care of us and was clearly handling her business. They were so busy but she remained calm and cool. It was a pleasurable experience and the food was great.I went there for the first time yesterday. Myra was great! I had the pumpkin pancakes with bacon, they were also great!!One word, delicious! We decided to have dinner at the penrose this past weekend. The broiled scallops were superb! cooked perfectly! Seasoned perfectly! Delicious! The homemade mac and cheese on the side was delicious as well.  I was very impressed and will most definitely be back again for the scallops. They are a must try!It's your standard diner food, the location is a little bit out of the way and in the middle of nowhere, but the people are always nice and attentive. The parking is usually good here despite having a tiny parking lot and the vibe is less seedy than I've felt with other diners. It's also very clean.Love the diner experience....this place is family orientated and I have never came out of there without my stomach full....the waitresses are friendly..the menu is typical dinner food which I have eaten breakfast, lunch and dinner here.  Even celebrated a few holidays within the past yearsWas pretty disappointed when this place lost our reservation, then tried to blame us for it. (Backstory: we called because we had a large party, were told that the name was taken, and they would expect us at the proper time. When we arrived, they said we had to make it with a manager and whoever guaranteed our table wasn't a manager, so it was somehow something we did wrong and should have known about? An understandable mix up, but they were incredibly unapologetic). 
The food itself is average diner food, I didn't like my salad with salmon; the appetizer plate of fried foods that we had was fine. They have a parking lot, but it is very slow moving and crowded - a woman actually backed into the car of a member of our party while outside, and denied it, causing a whole ordeal.
The saving grace was that we had a great server, and the food came out surprisingly quickly for such a large party. They do get props for that.In the local area and had dinner there with my son.  Location is easy to get to relative to the southern Philly area.  Facility is very nice, service was efficient and there was food aplenty. Would recommend for families and large group gatherings. Very pleased we came here, save room for dessert, their desserts are phenomenal.My friend & I were looking for somewhere close and good to eat. Penrose Diner answered our call! Even with the small crowd that developed, we were seated fast.  Drinks came out fast also. My friend ordered bacon, scrambled eggs, & homefries.  I had the Italian sausage breakfast.  Our food arrived and it quickly became apparent why the diner was crowded!  My sausage had great flavor.  The eggs came as ordered. My friend couldn't even finish her meal. The reason?  THE HOMEFRIES!!! These potatoes were great.  Just enough of a char to add character to the meal.  Penrose Diner's typical in what they offer but their food & service sets them apart.  If you can, sit in Myra's section, she's outstanding!went to the Penrose for breakfast this morning. nothing like diner food on a chilly, Philly Sunday morning had the standard breakfast it was great, coffee was great service the same, there is sill a place for establishments. love it !!Ate here twice in two days. Dinner I had burnt liver and onions - one star. Breakfast was good had the greek omelet. Friendly, but loud wait staff. 
Priced good.Great location..  close to the stadium complex.
Comfort food and a huge menu.
Portions are more than adequate. 
Very inviting atmosphere.
Will return next time we are in Philly to sample some if those desserts too.One of my 2 favorite diners in Philly. Its bright, clean, and open all night. The people are nice and have good personalities. The french toast was DElicious. Definitely a favorite.This is a really nice little place. The staff are friendly, the food is delicious, and the portions are HUGE. My friend and I both ate three full meals off the food we ordered. It's perfect to split. When you factor in portion sizing, it's a great value. There's also a really wide selection, including diner staples like breakfast and burgers but also Greek inspired dishes and a wide pasta and seafood menu. And it's open late!I love Penrose as a South Philadelphia native its my go to spot when I want a fast and tasty meal.Bad service. Good french toast. I sat and waited with an empty plate and an empty coffee mug for 20 minutes while I watched my waitress watch a bike race on TV. That was frustrating. The boyfriend really enjoyed his omelette. That's worth something. I'm not sure that I'll be back.The Penrose looks like one of those Jersey diners from Goodfellas.  Nice place to have breakfast.  It's just a classic diner where the waitresses call you "hon." They are nice and flexible though.  Like a Jersey Diner without the "attytood."Hope you move to better location, ie around SNYDER to beat melrose diner =)Penrose diner has excellent food and wonderful service, Becky was our waitress and was very on top of things. They have a wide selection of food from all day breakfast to well made dinners. The portions are definitely generous. Highly recommend.Great diner!! Clean, the waitstaff is excellent and the food is great!! You won't be disappointed!The food is amazing- portions are on point, everything is cooked to perfection. The service was fast and the staff are wonderful. All the women servers are fun, friendly, warm, accommodating, and attentive!I've eaten at a lot of diners all over the tri-state area but this one is definitely the best. Had BBQ wings as an appetizer & they were utterly amazing. I had gotten the California breakfast sandwich & my fiancé ordered the south philly omelette. Both were so good & the portions are HUGE. When we first pulled up the line was out the door but we only waited 15 minutes tops to be seated. The inside looks as if it was just entirely remodeled even the bathroom was so nice & clean. Food came out in a timely manner & overall I had a great experience & will definitely be back. 10/10 diner.Great breakfest good serviceI really like the atmosphere of this place.  It's so comforting.  There are a number of good South Philly diners (Melrose, Oregon, etc.), but this is my favorite.  Their food is solid - my favorites are the turkey club sandwich (always a good indicator of the quality of a diner) and the chicken soup.  It's great to stop by this place after a Phillies game or a long day on the road.  Breakfasts on weekend are the best.  This is the most bustling time and you really get the sense that this diner has been around for a very long time.  Hopefully, Penrose will continue to serve South Philadelphia for many years to come.So many fond memories of this place.  I've spent many 3 am's here trying to be proactive about my eventual hangover.
There's so many reasons to love this place.  No matter how crowded it is, I've never had to wait.  The dining area is huge.  The staff is one of the best in Philly.  How any human being can be nice and cheerful at 3 am dealing with a bunch of drunks is beyond me.  This staff though always has a smile.  They also get stuff done fast.  I'm usually in and out in 30 minutes.  The food here is awesome goodness.  The perfect stuff to deal with your hangover.  The menu is huge for late night making selection a daunting task.  I've been there many times and have never once left disappointed or unsatisfied despite the huge selection.
Get yourself down there and give it a go.  It is, in my humble opinion, the best diner in the Philadelphia area.  It is especially fantastic when you are coming home from the airport after spending hours on a plane.  Makes you feel right at home.Have had multiple below average experiences. Live right on the same block and will go to Melrose. Service is always hit or miss. When you call it's like I'm an inconvenience to put in a take out order. It's a shame because their location is perfect, but not worth it.Great, broad menu one would expect at a classic diner. Started with the soup of the day, a bisque, for the appetizer. Excellent. Main course was chicken croquettes with mashed potatoes and carrots. Side dishes were fresh, plentiful and delicious; main course was good but a little heavy on breading. For dessert we shared a piece of blueberry pie a la mode; it was somewhat disappointing in that it was just ok. Service was prompt and attentive, and made helpful suggestions when asked. We visited on a Friday at 6 pm, restaurant was busy but we were seated immediately. First time there and we'll definitely go back.I came stumbling in at 2 in the morning after a night out in Philadelphia and Penrose Diner provided all I needed to end my night. First off the staff was wonderful, they treated a group of loud, buzzed fools with nothing but class and respect. The waitress was helpful, friendly and more than accommodating.
Food was good, standard diner menu, ranging from classic breakfast items to steaks and burgers. I kept it simple a nice order of eggs sunny side up, potatoes and corned beef hash. All cooked to perfection and so tasty.
Worth a visit at the end of a long night especially if you're staying in the hotel across the street. Buzzed comfort food at its best.I was so disappointed in my experience at the Penrose diner. I have been in Philadelphia for business for 2 weeks, and was just craving some real food, not fast food or take out. I figured there would be no place better than a diner. I was in at about 8 by myself. I was seated in a booth by the front register. My server came over, not a hello how are you but "what are you having". I replied that I wanted a soda and I wasn't sure what I wanted to eat yet.. I got an eye roll and she walked away. After coming back with my drink about 2 minutes later I still wasn't ready, but decided on some breakfast items just to get my server to stop hawking me. 
My food came out fast, and was good, nothing to write home about.. It was the fact that I was sitting where the servers congregate and gossip/talk about how much they hate their jobs that was really disappointing. 
I had high hopes for this diner, since it seems highly recommended, but after the way that the staff behaved, I don't think I will be back.Had breakfast here two mornings in a row and was completely satisfied both times. I had the farmers omelette (or at least I think that is the name). It was filled with peppers, onions, ham, potatoes and ample amounts of delicious. Second morning was pigs in a blanket. with a poached egg. Each breakfast was great, big portions, all the coffee you can handle, great value and lively atmosphere. One of those places where the breakfast is so good you dont really care that they have other selections for lunch or dinner. Your hungry and want a good meal? PenroseThe food was okay, but the value is extremely highly for a lunch that remember me how California is expensive for even a bottle or water crazyI wasn't impressed with service. Sat for about 10 mins and then a grumpy waitress greeted us as if we were an inconvenience. South Philly breakfast sandwich was good but overall, restaurant didn't live up to the hype. Only good thing was it was clean and well maintained inside. Bill was $40 + tip just for breakfast for 2 adults & 2 children."Small, noisy, but ooh what food!"
The food was okay, but the value is extremely highly for a lunch or dinner. No longer good as it used to be..I've been coming here almost every weekend and I can't complain. Sometimes the wait is a tad long but it's well worth it. You can beat this place in the area, especially on weekend morning when you're exhausted. The corn muffins are delicious and the eggs are always cooked really well. I've been here for lunch before and the other stuff is great too.Best diner in philly hands down. I've been going here for years, and it's my go-to spot for last minute dinner dates or business lunches. The food is delicious, and there is an option for everyone on the menu!This is a great little diner that has a little bit of everything reasonably priced. The wait-staff is always pleasant and sometimes you might sit next to a nice couple. It's great for late night dining or even if you just don't quite know what you want. It's become our go-to spot in South Philly when we want something quick.A true American diner experience!  Right down to the decor, the attitude and the waitresses with attitude. Whole family went down for brunch before a Sunday afternoon Phillies game.  We loved it.  The food was pretty good.  Pancakes are big and fluffy with good flavor.  Belgian waffle was very good.  Eggs with breakfast fries were spot on.  Overall food was good, not great, but good.  Waitress was having an issue with possibly a manager and it was really funny to watch and listen.  Overall was like taking a step back in time for a really fun experience.Food consistently good. Never a super long wait for a table, even if there are a ton of people. Only downside -- the home fries are awful. Get French fries instead!I am enjoying the food for years maybe 30 years. I always went there late night after playing ice hockey. Go over there give it a try to place is been redone it looks really nice. I remember back when they had karaoke it was really fun I wish they'd bring that back.
It's my opinion that you can really tell the quality of a diner by its lunch and dinner offerings, not breakfast.  Breakfast is difficult (though not impossible) to screw up.  My friend and I came late one Saturday night, around 12:30 am.  The hostess and waitress were cheerful and attentive.  The facilities are updated and clean.The skimpiest, most expensive BLT ever. Our waitress was quick to take our order but someone else delivered the food, I never got the salt and pepper I asked for and drink refills were not to be had and at $2.50 for club soda it shouldn't have been 90 percent ice.Relaxing atmosphere , spacious , clean and seating area. 
Welcoming staff and our waitress Maryann was very friendly. 
We ordered the Belgian waffles with Canadian bacon, farmers omelette, and pancake. Our food came out surprisingly fast and price was beyond reasonable for what the portions were.  As far as taste, the food was delicious. 
I would come back here again.After partying a little too hard on Friday, we got our butts out of bed and headed to South Philly Taproom for dinner around (8pm).  After a good meal, I was really in the mood for some cheesecake, so we broke out super phone (my iPhone) and googled best cheesecake in Philly.  Yahoo answers came up with a result, saying Penrose diner.   After some resistance from my girlfriend about going to a diner for dessert, I convinced her that diners usually have great desert items such as cheesecake, cherry pie, etc...
We were seated in the back of the diner (which is huge) and were greeted by our server.  We told him we were just here for dessert and we both ordered cheesecake (one with cherries and one with strawberries), and my girlfriend had to test my judgment real quick by asking, "do you make the cheesecake in house?", our server responded, "yes we do and its very good".  
The cheesecake lived up to the hype, it had the perfect texture and a great taste.  The only thing better than the food, was the server, he may have been one of the most personable servers I have ever had. He was a little older and partially deaf.  At one point when he walked away, my gf actually said, "he is so sweet, he just warmed my heart a little bit".
After finishing our dessert we left Penrose with feeling like old folks ready to go to bed at 11pm on a Saturday night, but we had full bellies and warmed hearts.Just your regular run-of-the-mill greasy spoon diner.  I went for breakfast twice: the first time was out of convenience, and the second time was out of desperation.  The food was below average, and so was the service.  The desserts look great on the display case, but they were nowhere near as good as they looked.  This place is not expensive at all, but even at that, it's a waste of money.Anytime I'm in Philly I stop at this diner. I do go off of my diet but the fries are worth it...crispy on the outside, really delicious. Today I tried their rice pudding for dessert and it was great.  The place is spotless and the service was excellent.I grew up in small town diners and taverns, and Penrose feels like it could have been transported from El Paso, IL or Black Earth, WI--except that the servers don't sit a spell to chat with you, which is fine! Good food, lots of it, reasonable prices--what more do you want? Not from Philly, but it looks like it's been recently renovated, so it's got a clean, modern look about it without losing that diner feel. My husband had a chicken parm sandwich that covered a platter; I had navy bean soup that was pretty close to homemade, and my son had a western omelette that was also platter-sized with a good chunk of hash browns. Didn't try the bakery items as we were crunched for time, but they looked amazing! We saw teenagers, seniors, families, airline pilots, workers on lunch, etc., so the place is for everyone. Parking lot is small, so maybe try going at an off time...if there is one!Penrose Diner has been a favorite of mine since I was a teenager many moons ago.  I've sent many days and nights there with friends, enjoying breakfast after a night of fun, hanging out as a family for a casual dinner or enjoying dessert as a late date night finale.  The menu has something for everyone - my favorite always being the ability to order breakfast any time of day or night.  Now that we no longer live in the South Philly area, we still grab any chance we can to take our kids to Penrose whenever we are back in the area for a visit.  It's so much more than the food - it's the feeling of family - it's the feeling of being home.  It's the super friendly and talkative wait staff and the constant chitter chatter and laughter you hear from all of the patrons visiting any time you come in for a visit.  Penrose Diner - once a favorite - always a favorite!It's difficult for me to rate diner food because it all tastes the same. Then again, I'm not from NJ, the land of diners, so if you take offense, I apologize.
Penrose reminds me of an old-school VFW. There are usually some old timers at the bar and the waitresses are pleasant, but not overly so. They will refer to you as "youse," but don't let that deter you. Service is prompt and food is decent. If you come here when you're hungover, as I suspect most people do, then the food really doesn't matter that much.This is diner eating. Their home fries are the best, the service is better than most diners and they have ample parking. You will not be disappointed.In my family we love great diners! And Penrose is the best! We have been coming to penrose for years! We celebrate special occasions there and have friendly gatherings!
I only ever great breakfast there, an omelets with a side of scrapple that is fried to perfection! Oh and let me talk about their desserts.... WOW try the chocolate layered cake! I take a dessert to go with me every time and my dad has to get the rice pudding. My parents will get one of the specials and my sisters and get a burger! Everything is great. I have never had a bad meal there. Also it is a nice place to go and the staff is friendly.... well South Philly friendly they make you feel like a part of the family. 
Last time we were there we want for father's day, my dad chose the place to go! Anyway my youngest nephew was there and the waitress made such a fuss over him! He absolutely loved it. 
Can't wait to go back!Your typical diner with decent breakfast when you don't have the will and/or money to navigate Sabrina's or other similar hip brunch places. Good food, cheap prices, quick service, lots of cute old heads. The coffee refill was a little slow but besides that I have no complaints.I found the Penrose Diner under the diner/ comfort food category on Yelp.... And it truly is just that. As other reviews have mentioned, you will indeed encounter that South Philly charm from the hostess to the waiters. It was quite entertaining to watch the interaction between my fellow patrons and the employees of this venue. Our waiter was attentive and accommodating with our late night order despite the chaos of a holiday weekend. The food was about what you would expect in diner food with portions large enough to take some home. The variety and choices within the dessert case were calling my name... I resisted the urge as I had already succumbed to an order of disco fries. Maybe next time.Just had a really bad meal at Penrose. Sent meal back.
  Couldn't get after taste out of my mouth. Waitress was very nice had better customer skills than manager.  Manager showed no interest  whatsoever. Never even spoke to us. I'm through with Penrose.This place serves good food at an inexpensive price. For $10 I got a full rack of falling-off-the-bone baby back ribs, mashed potatoes, string beans, and ice cream for dessert. The waitress was friendly and the inside of the restaurant was very clean. I have no complaints at all, except that I have to drive from Center City to South Philly to get there!What else is there to add ... The place is tastefully decorated , the service is great, the food is delicious, and the prices are inexpensive . It's a win win win winBest diner in South Philly, hands down!
Ever since I was in high school, Penrose is the place to be. Kids loved to hangout there after school/sport activities. Few of my classmates worked there too.
I finally visited Penrose again after some years, and the quality of their food and service are still stellar! Wait staffs here are sweethearts. And the food are generously served in large portions. Lunch/Dinner specials are always the best!Driving by, I couldn't help but notice how crowded Penrose was. It was around lunctime on a Saturday and there wasn't an open parking spot in sight. That's when my foodie radar kicked on and I wanted to know about this place. Only one good way to find out.
It's a big diner with lots of seating. Much like the parking lot, the place was pretty packed inside. I opted for a spot at the diner style counter/bar and started paging through an extensive menu. The giant menu seems to be a thing with American diners and I'm not complaining. It does make the decision a little harder but also more enjoyable.
I ended up picking a Pastrami and Turkey sandwich special on rye. It came with fries and a cup of soup. It also said it came with a dessert but I never got it and didn't ask. The rest of the food was more than enough. The chicken noodle soup was about as traditional as it gets. The sandwich was piled high with meat and served cold with the fries, a pickle spear, and small cup of coleslaw.
Plenty of food and plenty of flavor. There were also some tasty looking pastries under glass as you came in. I can see why this is a popular place. You could have quite a few meals here with all the variety they offer.I went here for breakfast while visiting Philly for Independence Weekend; good food; great waitstaff; service with a smile.  I will definitely eat here the next time I am in South Philly.Great breakfast. Perfect scrapple and toast. Egg white omelet and real steak and eggs. Family spot with delicious coffee and prompt service. Love it and will return next time we are near Philadelphia airportAmazing and lots of food ! It is a little bit pricey but the food was great ! The people were a little cranky because we had a big group and were all taking food to go but the food is what counts and that is an A :)Someone at the American Swedish Historical Museum recommended this diner and it was a good option.  The portions are really large and the food is good.  We went mid-afternoon and it wasn't overcrowded but still quite a few people there.  I started with the crab cake appetizer which was really big-lots of crab meat and tasty.  Then I had the Greek salad which was easily a meal in itself and wasn't able to finish it.  The service was good.  I was too full to try the pastries but they certainly looked tempting.Great breakfast at a true south philly joint. This is probably as south philly as diners get in the area. Great food and great service for a reasonable price.Of all of Philadelphia's "true" diners, this is my preferred. Granted, it is a pain in the butt to get to, and even for South Philly, parking is not always easy in their cramped lot.
However, whether it's weekday dinner specials or weekend breakfasts, the diner is upbeat, busy, and has all the qualities one should expect from an old-fashioned eatery.
The food is what you would expect. But as so many Philly diners haven't met those aforementioned expectations, Penrose holds its own.
WARNING: Do not go at breakfast, otherwise you'll feel like you're trapped in deleted Sopranos scenes.Nice classic Philly diner. Always hot fresh and fast!!Diners in general are really overrated.  The only real advantage you get  is eating crappy food in a restaurant late instead of at home from a drive-through window.  
Penrose is definitely an exception to the rule.  Is the food gourmet?  No, and it doesn't need to be.  Just not prepossessed with the cheapest ingredients the diner can buy.  It is generally fresh with just enough homemade touches on most dishes to make it really solid comfort food.   
Case in point was the chicken pot pie I had the other night with my mom.  Generous-sized portion with plenty of tasty vegetables along with the chicken and potatoes all in a light sauce that didn't overpower everything.  
While I didn't quite say, "no mom, that's my pot pie!", my mom did ask to try it and dipped some bread into the sauce at the very end when I was done.  It also came with a basic mixed green salad & tomatoes and a dessert of basic chocolate pudding all for $10.95.   I was completely stuffed & my wallet wasn't too much lighter.  
Penrose also had several other things going for it including ample parking (which is a blessing in South Philly), easy access, a large & varied menu, clean tables & restrooms, and a generally friendly & prompt staff although it can be hit-or-miss depending upon the waiter/waitress.
Probably the best rule of thumb though on a diner is exactly the opposite of an ethnic restaurant.   For example, if a Chinese restaurant that serves dim sum is packed on a Sunday morning with little kids and families slurping down food while talking Mandarin & other several other possible dialects, it is a pretty good bet that place has solid dim sum.  
For a diner, the rule of thumb is if the locals eat there and they have a bunch of working people who come in to grab a bit before/during/after their day or shift.  Penrose does and that is a generally a really solid sign that a diner is solid.This is my go to diner late at night, early in the day or any other time! The food is always what you expect, the service is consistent and I'm not on line all day.One of my after work spots. Love the chicken parm. It's perfect here. French onion soup is good too and chicken noodle. The breakfast menu is always really good here. You can never go wrong.
I've tried other stuff on the menu but didn't like the Chicken marsala, turkey sandwich, etc. I think the sauce taste off.
Cakes and pies are really good here. Baked on premises and can be ordered for parties. Which is a plus and the price is right.
The service is really good for a diner! Open late and easy to find parking.This place is amazing!!  I ate here twice on my visit to Philadelphia and excellent service both times!  The food was also delicious and came out very quickly. Matthew was our server and was excellent!! I had the French roast on my second time there.I had the chilli cheese steak hoagie which tasted bland and lacked flavor. I needed to douse the pancakes with two packets of syrup to be able to convince myself they were any good. The strawberry cheesecake which was apparently their best seller didn't have any crust on it (why not tho???). The mozzarella half moons didn't seem to have any mozzarella in them... To top it off somehow the bill turned out to be $50 for two people. The water might have been the best part of my meal. If your looking for fast late night food and you're drunk this would be okay but anything else don't waste your time.Love the food here, I go in with my friend almost every weekend, the only thing is i wish they would expand their late night food menu a bit.I must have drove past this place a million times when going to South Philly.  We decided to stop in for dinner before our Wells Fargo show.  
There is plenty of parking.  The inside looks recently upgraded.  Very nicely decorated. 
Plenty of mouth watering desserts at the front entrance.   
We were given a basket of tasty bread. The cornbread was made on site and we are every crumb. So yummy
Hubby had the crab imperial.  It was a Portobello mushroom stuffed with real crabmeat.  It had a side of baked potato and asparagus.  He also had seafood soup which I ate and loved.
I ordered a salad which had chicken, strawberries, cranberries, lettuce, blue cheese and topped with a vinaigrette dressing. 
We definitely had large portions.  We took half our food home.
For dessert hubby tried the bread pudding.  He never had it and LOVED It.    I had the chocolate pudding and scrapped the bowl.
The waitress was really nice and helpful (which I remembered her name).  She made us feel like her only table.  
What a pleasant surprised.  This place is great and I will definitely be back. :)probably the best dining experience i have had in a very long time! was in town for a dr. appt with the mrs and i am amazed i didnt go into a food coma. had the monte cristo, french onion soup, and chocolate cake n coffee. thats right , i was a complete pig! but dammit it was a great meal!Had to eat here with co workers 3 more times because  of the DNC...
Had the French Toast again because sometimes mistakes happen. No the French Toast is burned black and hard. It's horrible. 
It's like they bought a loaf of Texas Toast bread and kept it waaaay past its expiration date. 
Heinous. 
I eat French Toast all over the Tri state and this is Bottom 5. 
Gave Penrose 2 stars however this time because the Slice of cheesecake I got was husky as Fk!
I've never seen anything like that. 
The Cheesecake Factory could take lessons from PD. 
Oh and I ate my friend's salmon plate because he is a baby stomach having bum. It was perfectly cooked.Stopped here a few days ago after flying in from Florida. We have no diners here in Florida. I miss diner food. We were greeted and seated quickly. Our waitress took our drink orders quickly as well. My sister and I had the chicken croquettes with mashed potatoes and gravy. The croquettes were filling and tasted just okay. The mashed potatoes and gravy were very good. My mom had a turkey club sandwich that she really liked. The hit of the meal, however, was the rice pudding my sister and I had for dessert. The rice pudding was sweet but not sickeningly sweet, piled high with whipped cream and a light dusting of cinnamon. Our waitress was attentive during the entire meal and didn't rush us as we were catching up on family stuff. The next time I'm in town, I will make sure to have my sister bring me here again!This is a solid diner. Good food, fair prices, and friendly people. I've had sandwiches and breakfast here. They never disappoint. The parking lot is a bit of a mess, but a little patience will get you a spot just fine. Even if you have to resort to the mini strip next to the diner. Those folks don't seem to mind.This Diner is amazing for food quality and selection. The staff couldn't be more pleasant. 
Highly recommended.very nice looking diner would go to had a large menu selectionI had the south philly omelet. If was ok. Had a bit to much cheese but not bad. The homefries were lacking seasonings but very crispy.I've came here a few times, never disappointed. I always order the French onion soup, it's always good. They also have a large selection of tasty baked goods like cakes, donuts and Danish. Definitely sets the bar for city diners.Overall it's an average place. Nothing about the place or food helps you to experience anything amazing. The food was ok but nothing out of the ordinary. We thought it was a nice place to experience amazing food but it was just okay. Didn't feel satisfied when I walked out but it was the run of the mill diner. You can't expect the world from it. The staff was nice and experience was good. Stars based on overall experience and the average food.Traveling from Seattle and this is hands down the BEST diner I've ever been to. I didn't want to go because it was a diner and I'm use to mediocre food at best from such places, most of which I can make better myself at home. I couldn't find any other places near FDR park and saw that they had decent reviews so I tried out of desperation. To start they bring a bread basket with french bread, some other flavor and cornbread- all pretty good. My penne Parmesan (really risky move at a diner) was fantastic quality ingredients, great portions. Taking a peak at other peoples meals looked the same. I was extremely impressed. Very clean, baked goods in the front for sale that look homemade and fresh. The staff is very friendly and despite being busy were very attentive. The first diner I've ever liked. We need one in Seattle!!I came here for a late lunch with my family on a Sunday afternoon. The staff was very friendly and attentive. I pretty much order the same thing when I go to any diner (French onion soup and a BLT) and I was impressed. The soup was delicious and the BLT was as good as BLT's get. They also have the kind of crispy diner fries I like. Overall the bill came to about $75 with tip for 5 people which is reasonable. They have TVs all over the restaurant which was great because I didn't miss any football.Nice diner. I was at a conference in Philly this pas weekend, by the airport, and there's no good food immediately near the hotel row. A group of us decided to drive out to the Penrose diner so we could all get what we wanted. 
I had a cheesesteak, a solid choice. One friend had a Chicken Caesar salad, one had a pasta dish,  one had a Turkey Club, and one had eggs benedict. Everyone was happy with their choices. Those of us who had fries had to put up with our friends swiping them off of our plates because they were delicious.
Service was excellent. The waitress went out of her way to accommodate everyone, and she was busy with many tables, so she's a real professional. Going here was a much better choice than the places near our hotel and was worth the drive.I'm sure I don't know what this "Penrose Diner Corp" title is about.   It sounds like an evil grilled-cheese conglomerate of the future. 
The Penrose I'm talkin 'bout is all the way out Penrose Ave., conveniently close to the Sunoco Oil refineries, the scenic sewage treatment plant of I95, and also en route to the airport. 
The food here is classic diner.  Cheap eggs, a variety of melts, combo specials.  It's all pretty damn good.  The waitresses have seen it all and you can't freak them out.   The variety of pies spinning in their plexiglass cylinder is dizzying, indeed. 
Easily the best Diner Grub in Philly, and much more fun than the gentrified, expensive versions of breakfast spots Sabrinas, the Glory, and the like.  Park on the street side and avoid the lot entirely.  and by the way....
How's ya mudda, hon?This is like a Denny's, in that they offer a huge variety of foods, but in no other way - it is one hundred times better than a Denny's. When you walk in you see a wall of cheesecake and you pretty much know it is going to be a fun experience. We were fortunately seated near the HDTV at the back of the restaurant as we watched the Jets fail their faces off against the Steelers - that part sucked, but even that sucking moment was still fun since we were hanging out at the diner. We were in a big group and we also were sitting right next to another big group, the Duke University fencing team. This place draws big groups in because it has a legit reputation among everyone, locals and those from far away who had a great meal here once a long long time ago.
The big guy (4u) waiter right off the bat was friendly, gracious, and funny - top notch staff here for sure. The water was not exactly refilled at a regular pace but I guess it was pretty busy. It was really hard to choose a dinner since everything sounded so good. I finally settled on the open faced Monte Cristo, longing for 'ye olden days when that deliciousness of the Monte Cristo used to be available at Bennigan's before their shenanigans shuttered their doors across the country. Penrose does not make 'yo daddy's Monte Cristo and that is not an entirely bad thing.
This is french toast as the base, two pieces and very moist and eggy. Not fried like Bennigan's. Just french toast that is AWESOME. Then meat piled on top of the french toast. Then some cheese on top of that. And a big helping of fries. The fries were solid, the good diner kind, not the shoe string or crinkle cut or that other junk places try to pass off.
I will be back for more Penrose.Delicious 3-egg omelets and great service. Typical diner ambiance. Very clean. Would love to come back for lunch or dinner!Spacious, clean, and a large menu of options. Good option for a stop after a night out for a snack or dessert.We were in town from Orlando when I saw the place on Yelp and decided to give it a try.   The food is outstanding the service is the best and quick.  Only thing bad about the place is that it has a small parking lot and trying to find a place can be rough.Went here with my mom while I was home and ordered the south philly omelette with two eggs instead of three and it was still HUGE. It was the best omelette I've ever had. They were heavy handed on the fixings and the cheese and I was thrilled. Our waitress was incredibly sweet and made sure we had everything we needed while checking in on everyone else in spite of it being busy. A true gem. The only thing I wasn't happy with was that even though I reduced my omelette size by 1/3 it still costs the same. I wish I could give it 4.5 stars.For those diners still remaining, this is the real deal.  Waitress may be really sweet or really cranky, just smile and try not to take too long to decide or you will be, deservingly, abandoned.
Breakfast is always a solid bet, as are the pork chops, all of the [big] salads, and the veal parm is as good as any Italian spot nearby, but half the price.  
Most Friday nights they have crab or lobster bisque... please NEVER order it, as there is the chance that I might want it and don't need to hear they are sold out.
If you're in for breakfast ask for Dotty, she's a freakin' angel, unless you piss her off.The food was good and met my food expectations of a diner.  I also understand this is a local attraction, so I was happy to pay it a visit.  Our waitress was kind of surly which I wasn't expecting.  She just looked like she wasn't having a great week and my presence wasn't helping the situation I guess.  One of the few things I expect at diners is endless coffee which I don't think is a stretch.  Didn't get that here unfotunately.My bf and I went to this diner for some breakfast on our first day in Philly. It was a nice little homey spot. I tried the Philly omelet which was very tasty. Service and cleanliness was very good.I've been there several times and never had a bad meal.  The service however isn't what I'd call stellar fortunately, that's what take out is forThis is one of our favorite dining spots. The cheese steaks, as usual were great. We also enjoyed their fantastic chicken noodle soup, lima bean soup and French onion soup. The creamed chipped beef was delicious. Our waitress Bianca was wonderful. A great dining experience.Their philly cheese steak fries are bomb!!! Such a large portion ! The diner is nice and clean with the staff being very friendly ! The food was OK.No complaints about this place. The service was quick and the food was good! Nothing about it stood out as extraordinary, but nothing about it was bad either. Definitely a good breakfast spot in the area!1.5 stars overall. The food is a solid 3, breakfast maybe 4. Service 1 star.
The waitresses are horrible!
 I met up with  a friend and her father today for lunch. Our waitress was a middle aged, spikey short maroon haired lady towards the right side when you first walk in, all the way in the back. She was classic south Philly, but not in a classy way. 
She booted us out of her booth because in her own words "she only has three tables to work with",  when she saw that we were going over business stuff, then banished us to the table next to the bathrooms- better known as restaurant Siberia.
When I first  I arrived I asked for a coffee and never got it because she shoo'd us to the outter banks of her tables. After our meal she brought the check and my friend and I tried several times to flag her down. I despise people who snap fingers or yell "hun" to grab a waitresses attention so after not being able to find her I snagged the waitress who was taking care of this huge party of older women nearby in the back. The server I snagged was middle aged and had a blonde bob haircut, super sweet- got us coffee. A minute after the blonde got us coffee, the original waitress came back and loudly tells us ( as if defending herself) "I didn't forget about you, I brought you the check- I though yous were done".  
LOOOL Damn- sorry I wanted a cup of coffee after my meal. apparently wanting a warm beverage on a cold day after a meal is a no-no. If you don't mind a hostile waitress come on down! It is one thing if your waitress isn't Suzie Sunshine, it is another if she is just a plain B! 
This is the second or third time we have gone here and had a bad experience. Tighten up Penrose!I came here the morning of the Eagles parade and it was packed. There were several parties ahead of us and the restaurant was full when we arrived, but that was probably just because of the special occasion. However, we were seated within 10 min, and the staff knew how to handle the crowd well. The menu is pretty simple and standard for a breakfast place, and prices are fair. There was a mix-up with our order though, probably because they were so rushed to get customers in and out that day. I ordered strawberries and cream with my pancakes, but they put the strawberries and cream on my friend's waffle instead. They were quick to fix it though, and very apologetic about it. The staff was very friendly and clearly showed their Philly pride for the Eagles. Overall, a great no-frills place if you're looking for quick service at a decent price.I like that when you walk in here you have to check the wall calender to see what year it is. 1988? 1965? Freakin' timeless in there. Example 1: The friendly hostess with hair-sprayed-up hair who calls everybody "Hon" and "Honey." In my mind's eye she had blue eyeshadow on but I'm fairly certain my brain just added that untruth. But I'm glad she was there welcoming everybody. Classic diner character.
Variety is why I love diners, and this place definitely has it. You can grab an under $10 breakfast + cup of coffee. I ordered the half moon mozzarella "sticks" and they were a little bland (as was the marinara sauce that it came with) but decided it was probably more of a low-salt thing they had done. 
Food is decent but nothing to write paragraphs on. The people who come here, work here, etc... THAT I could write paragraphs on. In a good way. Come here if you don't feel like standing in line for 1.5 hours at your brunch spot.This is one of the nicest diners you'll find in Philly. The bakery section is amazing and fresh and everything is made in house. This place gets really packed on Saturday and Sundays for breakfast and lunch so the parking lot fills up quickly but there is street parking.  The breakfast menu is the basics, just what you expect. The omelettes are really delicious and huge - you will definitely be taking half of it home. The pancakes are also big, golden and fluffy. from the hostesses to the waitresses to the busboys, everyone is very kind. I must mention that this diner is also very very clean. I will definitely be back!Ate here a few days ago... as my last meal of my trip from California to the City of Brotherly Love...  We dont have diners here in Southern California... and I really wish we did.
This place was AMAZING!
Our waitress was seriously awesome.  SO friendly.  My dad wasnt sure he would like the Lima Bean soup, so she said try it - if you dont like it, I will give you something else.  He of course, loved it - we all did.  The food was AMAZING.
I had the Filet Mignon Melt and I split that and the Ham and Cheese Croissant with my mom and both were terrific.  Everything down to the french fries tasted so good.
We got pudding for dessert.  Only mine was supposed to come with it she said, but she gave us all some.  Im not a fan of rice pudding, but I tried it, and finished it.
I wish I could genie blink myself to the Penrose Diner EVERY week for a meal.  LOVED IT!Every time I'm in Philly, this is usually the spot I hit up. Haven't been disappointed by what I've ordered so far. It's your typical diner; I doubt they can mess up any food they make too bad.I'm actually a fan of this place but the last 6 times I've here i have asked for tomato soup and nada!
I like my grilled cheese with tomato soup, not the chicken noodle or bean soup. 
They seem to only carry the bean and chicken soups, I would think a dinner would make tomato soup everyday. 
I want Tomato Soup!!!They made a lot of improvements here and are still renovating. Great food, good ol' south Philly hospitality, and great friends. Gotta love it!Originally from the Philadelphia area, my wife and I were up from Florida to avoid "Irma!"  We decided to have a nice breakfast today at the famous Penrose Diner, in business for the past 60 years.  It is a special landmark in South Philly.  We both had the French Toast with bacon.  It was delicious!  We were seated immediately and our Server, Maryann, was as nice as she could be.  We also had a few laughs.  So, when in Philly, come to Penrose Diner for great food and supreme customer service.  5 star all the way!We got their breakfast for take-out one day before the game. My spouse and I both got egg and cheese sandwiches (mine with bacon). It came out to be like 15 bucks, which I thought was ridiculous, but they give you a generous serving of home fries with your order so it was actually a fair price. I would totally come back here for take-out again or even sit down for lunch.my wife and i go two times a week most of the time we have breakfast and it is all ways good the cheese omlets and french toast are the best also the french dip and monte crisco are great thank you phillyphil1938@yahoo.comWe were in Philadelphia near the airport for a short stay.  Found this place here on Yelp!  WOW!  What a great diner.  Growing up in NJ & then Philadelphia, I kinda know diners.  Biggest menu I have ever seen.  Service was prompt, friendly and informative.  Portions were BIG and the food tasted great.  We grabbed some stuff from the bakery on the way out and enjoyed it later in the evening.  Highly recommend if you are nearby.  Filled with local peole, this is as authentic as it gets.Definitely one of the best diners in South Philly. Very nice service, reasonable prices and good portions. Love it!!As the previous poster mentioned the NY/Jersey area is full of great diners, some better than others...some you just walk in, eat and walk out forgetting about it 10 minutes later.
Not the case with the Penrose.  Real close to where I live, it's become a great addition to some late nights on the weekends as well as breakfast Sunday mornings..  You wouldn't think it at first but the Chicken Cassidillas here are definitely worthy of praise.  Any omlete you can't go wrong and the chicken parm wedge (sorry) "Hoagie" is around the good/average range..Great staffIf you want a taste of the South Philly experience, come to Penrose. Reasonably priced diner fare, always busy, with a waitress that will definitely call you "hun". I love this spot! I went for breakfast and the service was fast and the coffee was hot and flowing. It's a true diner that hasn't lost its touch. Worth the trip any time of day. Thanks Penrose!Unless you are going for breakfast don't bother. Salty cold French Onion Soup and shells in crab cakes.A good/great Philly diner, clean, consistent food quality &friendly staff. Prices are standard/competitive.
Breakfast, lunch or dinner, large menu.Great place for brunch. A really warm family restaurant with good food. Service is very tentative and fast. I'm here for New Year day breakfast/lunch with my. This is really busy and there was a line. But it was now more than a 5 minutes wait even for the group of 5 ahead of us. Got to get the disco fries and the steak and eggs. I will be back.I am always in search of a good diner. While in Philadelphia this was no exception...searched through YELP and found Penrose Diner. I was not disappointed. The eggs Benedict with home fries were tasteful and my girlfriend's Belgian waffle had fresh strawberries and whip cream. We even decided to get some pastries to go because they looked so good! The coffee was decent as well. If you are visiting Philly, give this place a shot for breakfast. It was packed...and now I know why!Excellent and quick service, and this was a dinner crowd on a Saturday, excellent food (broiled scallops were perfect, and my fiancée said that she just had the best stuffed flounder that she ever tasted, and the portion was too big for her to finish). Prices were fine, large selection of food that I don't see on other diner menus.  Loved it, looking forward to going back there!Penrose is a much better Diner than Melrose.  The food is better, the staff is better and the overall atmosphere is better. Come here for a better diner experience and avoid Melrose at all cost!Nothing special....just regular diner food.  
The staff needs training in taking food orders and being courteous to patrons.  I ordered ONE egg with bacon and cheese on a toasted bagel.  I repeated it twice.  Meal comes.....it's TWO eggs, with cheese NO bacon.  When I tell the waitress I ordered ONE egg, her response is they only make 2 eggs and it's the same price for one or two eggs, so just take one egg off.  Oh and I'll bring you some bacon.  Have you ever tried to separate two eggs that are attached to a bagel with cheese!!!!  Asked that the home fries be made well done.  They were covered in grease and grilled to a point that you could not 'fork' them....hard as a rock!  And that was just breakfast!
Then we decide to take some pastries home.  The 'warden' who oversees what is going on in the front of the diner actually gave me a dirty look and kept staring me down because I asked that the pastries be placed in a box rather than a paper bag.  She was really not nice and not very friendly.  I didn't want to embarrass my nephew, so I kept my remarks to myself.
We didn't learn our lesson and found ourselves stopping here for a late dinner.  My nephew couldn't finish his meal.  The waitress asked if he wanted to take the rest home.  He said, "yes" and handed her the plate.  She takes the plate and says, "I have some spare time, I can box it for you"!  Sorry, we are not from Philly....didn't know the patron is expected to box their own food.  Sorry we didn't.  She smashed the bread into a container way too small for the amount of bread.  And she was the one who suggested we take the bread!  
I think the staff needs to take some happy pills!  At the very least some training on how to treat the patrons that they want a tip from!Huge breakfast! Really good home fries too. Perfect. Lovely server. Eggs cooked as requested.Best breakfast I have ever had. I recommend the Penrose for breakfast any day of the week. Scrapple and pork roll were outstanding. The eggs were made exactly as I requested. The waitress was very pleasant and helpful. A truly great breakfast with a business colleague. 
Will be back again and again.Visiting Philadelphia for a conference and was introduced to Penrose Diner. They make a slamming  two egg special! Not too salty and the waitress Denise was light hearted and welcoming. The hash browns with onions are superb and the turkey sausage was tasty. Wash it down with the juice of your choice, and no matter where you're from, you feel right at home. The service was excellent and I recommend you make a return visit. I will definitely be back!I travel to Philadelphia often from Florida. There are very few diners in Florida so when I travel up north I try to get a good breakfast at a diner that's not IHOP or Denny's. The food in this location was great and so was the service. I loved the Philly cheesesteak omelette and it was amazing. It is near the airport which is even more convenient. I will definitely be going there again.The food was eh. Minimal seasoning on the food, but at least it was hot when we received it. The establishment is pretty nice. I'm not sure how old the diner is, but they keep it clean. The service was friendly, but it took awhile to receive the food on a slow day.Usually good when dining in so decided to order take-out and was highly disappointed. Ordered my usual favorite Cream Chipped Beef and it tasted like leftover food. The beef was tiny bits almost beef "flavored" and the cream part tasted slightly spoiled, not fresh. I had a taste for pancakes too so asked for a small "child's size order". One pancake was so dark it was almost burned, the other was ok but had a bad flavor from the overdone pancake they sat on top of the other. Almost $6.00 for 2 pancakes when I requested a side? Why not give me the short stack for 4.75? Overall I spent $17.00 for a meal I ended up throwing away because it was not very appetizing.
They also charge an extra fee for take-out. Punishment I guess for not staying. Would not recommend.My favorite diner in Philly if not the world.  So efficient, I order breakfast and under 5 minutes its in front of me.  I haven't had a bad meal, the prices are great.  And.... there is parking.  So if you need to get in and out this place is the go to.  I've had some surprisingly good Italian food, rollatinis.   I like to take people here to get a little taste of Philly.One of my favorite places.  Because many places do not serve this, I usually always get their fried jumbo shrimp parmigiana; I get it with angel hair pasta which is always cooked to perfection (never overcooked).  The French salad dressing is good.  In the bakery department, their coconut macaroons are great........big and moist........a meal in itself!  Breakfast is the usual diner fare and decent.  The waitstaff is friendly.Nice little diner. Get the South Philly Omelette. Service was quick and friendly. Food was high quality and delicious. What more is there to say? Go!Great place to eat before heading back to Jersey because it's beside I-76. 
Our server was very nice though one piece of my French toast hit the floor but mistakes happen. 
Get there early because it fills up fast.I like this place. It's a great little old school diner. Love to stop by by for scrapple and eggs when I'm down that way.Loved it!  We just finished having breakfast at the diner. We were seated immediately. Our server, Cynthia, was a sweetheart. French toast, oatmeal, hash brown and eggs over easy were our favorite. Pancakes are good but the French toast is amazing!  The bowl of fruit was good. We will definitely be back when we are in town!Great restaurant for a quick and delicious breakfast. The service was very professional. We went on a Saturday at 9:00am expecting a long wait. However, this was not the case, even though  the restaurant was packed. We were seated promptly. Our order for 4 people took about 10 minutes to get out.
Next time I'm in Philly I will definitely stop back.Friendly staff, very well kept for a diner, and FAST service. Like I'm talking my breakfast came out in less then ten minutes. 
I can always appreciate a clean diner because they are few and far between. There is also plenty of places to park which is nice! Much better then Oregon Diners parking lot, yeeesh. -- I came here for a quick breakfast and indeed it was. I ordered the south philly omelet and it came with hash browns. The hash browns were great! The omelet was just okay. It was about 80% provolone cheese. It overwhelmed the omelet itself. I probably wouldn't order it again.
While glancing at the dinner menu, I will definitely be back to try a better meal here!