Do me a personal favor and get yourself to Percy Street to partake in their amazing BBQ Fries with brisket and melted cheese. I know. I didn't think it would go together either. Trust me, it does. Good. God. The brisket was so tender and flavorful, the fries were piping hot and fresh and the cheese was tangy and gooey. This was (clearly) my favorite dish of our meal.
My friends J, M, and I went for restaurant week. It's $35 for two people as opposed to one person as is the usual RW price and $20 for a single person. We had a pound and a half of meat and five sides plus two servings of mac and cheese and cornbread and two desserts. We were stuffed. We had the pork belly, ribs and burnt end of brisket. It was all delicious, particularly the Hot Mess sauce, but really, the BBQ fries (and red velvet cake) stole my heart. I can't wait to go back with T. I got a $10 coupon for Percy or Zahav while we were there. I have a feeling we'll be spending it at Percy ...Now this is how BBQ should taste in your mouth! And I was full. Two deadly combo --full and tasty. Fuuudge yea! Any who, I came here with family and friends, and we all decided to try different platters (so we can all sample each other plate of foods). The BBQ consist of a Memphis dry rub, and three sauce you can drench it with - go for the spice! go for the spice! The briskets - moist (fatty) - in my opinion - was the best bbq at this place... it just melted in my mouth, the baby back ribs were decent (not over the top - might have been bland a bit), and the pull pork was pretty good. The only problem I really have at this place was the sides. The sides wasn't "wham!" in my face; the mac and cheese was okay and the cole slaw was a little running. However, the German potato salad was pretty good. 
Anyway, I really enjoy this place. 
* I was torn between giving 3 or 4 stars - but the service pushed my decision to 4 stars - awesome service  
* they have family style BBQ - $26 per person (min 4 people)Their Lockhart offering sucks. The portions are small for something overhyped by the wait staff. Their chicken was super dry and their ribs 3 out of 8 where burnt to a crisp. Anyone that cares remotely would not be serving that to customers. Place just relies on location and over zealous yelpers.Stopped in for a cocktail and a quick bite to eat.
Decor is nothing special, but comfortable.
Great spirits and canned beer selection.
Had the deviled eggs & turkey tails (which are an awesome idea)
I could sit there all day drinking rye and eating turkey tails!
Update: Had a full dinner here with a group of eight.  Service was good,  not great. 
The ribs and deviled eggs were awesome. 
Unfortunately they don't serve the turkey tails anymore. 
The brisket just wasn't good at all...dry and tough.BBQ and service were excellent.
Had an early Sunday dinner at Percy Street before the crowds rolled in.  The place is really cute inside, the wait staff is friendly and very helpful, and the food is delicious.
My friend and I both went for "Double Downs" (two meats and two sides).  I had the pulled pork and chicken with pinto beans and sweet potatoes. He had pork belly and brisket, with a double mac and cheese side.  We both agreed that everything was fantastic.  The pinto beans were a lot more like baked beans than I wished, but I don't really like baked beans.  No matter, I will get something else next time.  Sweet potatoes were sinfully good.
Sauces come on the side in sweet, original, and hot.  The original was still a little sweet for my taste, so I much preferred the hot, especially with the pulled pork.  Drool worthy.  But try all three!
Beers come in Mason jars with handles!
Bottom line:  Go!Amazing service, pretty good food, but really loud and really overpriced.Rename this place Pricey Street BBQ.
Tasty but not the greatest value.
Over the independence weekend-
We shared a Brisket platter and Watermelon infused beer selections.
Supposedly "holiday spiked" watermelon was rather tame. Bartender herself wasn't sure if our batch had been spiked at all- 
Hey, it was free so we certainly didn't complain. 
The sides were nice with the platter and our bartender /waitress added some white bread so we could make a few sandwiches.
All day dinner menu is rather spartan- A few more (imaginative) choices and a slight downward adjustment in prices would make this a 4 or 5 star choice and a great value to boot.
Service is great, as is atmosphere.
Location across from Whole Foods on South Street makes this a great stop/reward/treat after a hard day of organic politically correct shopping.This is a mixed review. First, I'll start with the good. My husband loved the flavor of his brisket sandwich (although he thought it was rather small). The cold slaw and beans with burnt ends were good (although a bit dry). The service was excellent and the atmosphere was good. Now, to the negative. I ordered the ribs. Can you say "bbq flavored shoe leather"? The were so tough and almost inedible. I am originally from Austin so I know what ribs should taste like and this wasn't it. I don't know if it was just an off day or if they are always that bad. I would tell the owner to go back to Lockhart for remedial lessons on ribs. When the waitress asked me if I wanted them boxed to take home, I told her that they weren't good. She did take them off the bill which I appreciate and it makes me think that the restaurant does care about my opinion. It might be worth a try going back to try other things on the menu.This place is incredible (as are all of the places within the Cook n Solo Restaurant Group). We decided to go for their Meat Week special and it did not disappoint! The food, service, and cocktails are all first rate, not to mention the extensive craft beer selection. We started out with the Biscuit basket which was served with honey butter and green tomato jam. There were 4 biscuits in the basket and the 2 of us polished them off in no time. We opted for the Meat Week special which included 3 meats, and 4 sides for only $45 a couple. The servings were HUGE! We had the ribs, chicken and brisket. Everything was incredible it was difficult to pick a favorite.  The service was also terrific, they were helpful and attentive without being intrusive and were quick to offer suggestions when asked. Top notch! We can't wait to go back!Delicious food I eat here a lot. I love the BBQ chicken, BBQ brisket it's delicious Mac and cheese and fries are my favorite sides here.
MUST GET THE biscuits appetizer, MAC AND CHEESE. service is always great, gets busy on the weekends. Pricy for BBQ but it's worth the wait,money.I recently had dinner here and shared the Lockhart.  It was spectacular!  We were in search of a BBQ spot in Philly and came across this gem.  Good beer selection, good sauces, good service and great food.  Percy Street is gonna have to get worked into my grub rotation.Definitely recommend this place on south street. It is a cute little BBQ place, the porks are so fresh, the fries are so good too! I like this store's decoration and the waiters are so friendly!!!I have been wanting to come here for a long time now. Ever since I've seen it on Triple D show. I finally made it. AMAZING hands down. My wife and I were blown away with the flavors of everything. The deviled eggs were the best. Everything was awesome. And they have a great beer selection.It's been a little while since I've been here. And for someone who doesn't like bbq, I really like this place. It was a nice lunch and has a cool vibe. I can't say I would ever be a regular, but I enjoyed eating here with my friends.I know Percy's is a barbecue joint, but this review's got nothing to do with ribs... I gave Percy's a try because I used to go to Hawthorn's when I found myself craving a burger. So, I wanted a burger, Hawthorn's was still closed due to fire damage & I didn't want to go all the way up to Center City. Somehow Percy's entered the conversation & we gave it a shot.
I have to say, the burgers were pretty damn good. The meat was well seasoned, and the accompanying sauces complimented nicely. They appeared smallish, but were actually just the right size to fill me up.
I was a bit disappointed with the sides, though. The house made sauerkraut didn't have any of that bite you expect from sauerkraut... It was more like shredded, wilted cabbage. The "German" potato salad was sadly closer to mashed potatoes in vinegar. And I thought German potato salad always had chopped hard boiled eggs - not so in this version. The Mac n' cheese was good enough.
Still, for an excellent burger, prompt seating,  good service, and what sounded like the Duran Duran Pandora station playing in the background, 4 stars seems appropriate.Pros: Delicious brisket & ribs, Shiner cans (the inner Texan in me was overjoyed), friendly waitstaff
Cons: Smaller portions, a bit on the pricey side, skip the chicken
A group of us Texans went to check out Percy Street for a friend's birthday. We ordered The Lockhart which is the family style selection that comes with brisket, ribs, and chicken, as well as all of the sides on the menu. The platter was a bit smaller than I would expect for $19/person. The brisket & ribs were absolutely tasty but the chicken was dry and lacking for flavour, aside from the skin.
I think Percy street is a nice addition to the bbq scene in Philly but it will likely be a while before I make it back there again.I've had a lot of really good BBQ in Texas, NC and Kentucky. This is okay BBQ which may pass for good in the North. Mac &Cheese was good, also enjoyed the German potato salad.  Had the chopped brisket, pulled pork and chicken; they were all okay. Nothing mouth watering.  Pulled pork was the best; they let you sauce it yourself which I prefer.  Brisket was disappointing; was greasy.  
Favorite thing was a bourbon cocktail; the drunken orange crush.  
Most disappointing was the cost; way overpriced for BBQ on a picnic bench.Don't expect BBQ in a sense of hot fire and a pit. The food is smoked in foil, which is really disappointing. The chicken skin was soft and smokey. The brisket was awesome as was the Mac and Cheese. PSB is kind of pricey when considering the portion sizes. Next time I have a taste for BBQ, I will stay far away from PSB.HOT -
Pinto Beans with chunks of beef jersey-like morsels, I despise legumes but I would endure gassy bloat for this
Brisket that's lean, moist and smoky
Choice of three BBQ sauces
MILD -
Pork belly is perhaps too fatty - the slow cooking renders most of the fat off and the result is a fatty gooey meat sludge - but it is a tasty  fatty gooey meat sludge
Spareribs tasted great but was a bit too dry
COLD -
Unforgivably nasty greasy BBQ sauce bottles - is it too much to ask for a quick wipe down between patrons?
3.5 stars.Went with a group of 3 friends and the atmosphere was perfect for a fun night out in Philadelphia.  Food was spectacular and portions were perfect.  The only thing lacking was a better waitstaff-- our waitress was a bit lackluster.  We asked her which sides weren't to be missed, and after hesitating for a while she said she didn't know and that they were all good.  We would've appreciated a bit more excitement and input, as it was our first time there.  Other than that, we had an overall great experience-- the music was perfect, the beer was served in adorable jars, and a full paper towel roll was provided for the table as an encouragement to dig in!  Also FYI don't miss out on the root beer chili and German potato salad!For NYE we catered in a ton of food from Percy Street for 12 of us.  I spend some time each month in Texas and this was the closest i have had to real deal bbq on the east coast.  Didnt have the full fledge smoke flavor but you tell it was there.  Brisket was the best, baby back ribs were very good, pulled pork was above average.  All in all great food and would highly recommend.Went here on Fathers Day, seems to be our new tradition... and loved it. We ordered the Lockhart- brisket, ribs and pulled pork. As a TX girl now living in PA, i was so happy with the smoke smell as we walked in. And when our meal arrived I was impressed.  The brisket was a little fattier than I prefer but that did not stop me from indulging. The ribs were excellent and the pulled pork was my favorite. With just a bit of their house bbq sauce it was the right zing I hoped it would be. Service was great and a tiny little wait. Hands down we were thrilled and can't wait to return for another visit.Hubby and I were searching for the best bbq in Philly and saw Percy's listed as #1 so we decided to give it a try.  We saw it was on Guy Fieri's show so figured it HAD to be good. 
Meh is the only word I can come up with to describe the food. We started with the beef brisket fries. It's just fries with cheese sauce and bbq brisket on top. Again. Meh. Hubby had ribs and I had the pork belly sandwich. Our sides were mac & cheese, German potato salad and coleslaw. Ribs were tender but even with sauce they weren't very tasty, pork belly tasted like it was old and had been reheated although the bread it came on was good. The mac & cheese was AWFUL, cornbread fell apart before I could spread butter on it, the potato salad was bland and the coleslaw tasted like WAY too much vinegar. Meh meh meh!!! 
It's not the worst place in the world but definitely didn't live up to the hype. 
In the spirit of ending on a good note, the young lady who waited on us was a gem.We've done takeout several times, but we finally sat down with my bf's parents to have dinner at Percy Street recently. They had never been, despite living only a few blocks away, and were eager to try (also VERY hungry) - a combination that meant we had to restrain them a bit from over-ordering, which sort of happened anyway but hey, that's what's great about leftovers!
We didn't have to wait to be seated, and once we had a table I immediately ordered some deviled eggs to hold everyone's stomachs over and give us time to review the menu. They were delicious, very creamy but only 3 per order :( I removed myself from the ordering negotiation that started by declaring that I had to try the vegan chili since I'd already tried almost all of the meats (suddenly the menu includes pork cheeks? Another time...). It took them at least 10 minutes of going back and forth for them to finally decide on what to share, and then they ordered a full rack of ribs, half of the pulled pork, plus the skillet cornbread, mashed sweet potato, bbq beans, and two orders of the coleslaw (which was truly unnecessary). I got my vegan chili and a side of the collard greens - and the waitress was very nice to quickly make sure I knew that the greens were NOT vegan, which I was completely fine with. 
The chili was good, but I was disappointed that it was more soupy and less chunky, hearty, stew-like, the way I make my chili. Plus, they seemed stingy on the seitan, which I love. The greens are my favorite side of theirs, perfectly cooked and a bit spicy, and I have to say that skillet cornbread is damn fine - if you love cornbread GET IT. His parents are now in love with Percy's bbq, and despite being people who don't usually eat much, they were putting away all of that food like true champions. I don't like coleslaw myself, but they loved it (although really only needed one) - same with the bbq beans. I tried a little of the mashed sweet potatoes, which are super creamy with a hint of citrus which is great with all that hearty bbq meat. All of the ribs disappeared, but they had leftover pulled pork to take home, much to their delight. Of course after all that food, we had no room for dessert but were delighted that they didn't rush us and we were able to sit, chat, and digest a little before heading out the door. Best bbq I can find in Philly (without a car - no idea what lurks elsewhere...).Went for my 1st time last night with a bunch of girlfriends for a birthday dinner. 
First off, the drinks are absolutely to do die for. They will kill your wallet but by the time that you finish your first drink you're buzzed and you do not care. They're absolutely delicious and heavy on the alcohol (yay!).
I cannot speak enough about their brisket. Brisket is one of my favorite things in the entire world and when I had the option to order moist brisket, my mind was made up. It's out this world, melt in your mouth good. The combination option available is a very bright idea on behalf of the restaurant.They are good but don't care about clients! That's not normal to clean up during working hours!I had lunch here a couple times recently.  I had the pulled pork sandwich and the wife had the Texas Toast appetizer. Both were really good. The pork is in a vinegar sauce which is considered North Carolina style. Really moist with a little kick. The bartender Steve is really nice and even threw in a complimentary side of beans with burnt ends. Also tasty. They have a great selection of craft beers in a can. Nice place and the BBQ is legit.This place defnitely has the best BBQ in the city. I've been here several times and none of the other BBQ places I've been to can hold a candle to this place. The atmosphere is great, and it's a very crowd friendly restaurant. I was here once for a surprise birthday dinner, and it got a little too loud, but you'll get that in any place around town.
I highly recommend this place to someone who wants good BBQ in the middle of the city. They are very flexible with making changes to things on the menu if you have dietary issues as well.Best BBQ I've had anywhere since leaving Tex. Brisket(moist) is melt in your mouth wonderful. Beans are A+. Beer on tap and by the can. (and who doesnt like beer in a can?). They also have a root beer on tap that is made just for them. 
This place is the real deal if you love real smoked BBQ. None of that Chili's crap. Git 'er done!Awesome brisket and above average pork belly sandwich. We also ordered ribs that never arrived with no formal apology. The service was beyond terrible with three hostess and 5+servers and it was only 60% full. Stop chit chatting with eachother and do your job. Focus on the customers instead of talking. If I was your boss I would fire all the front of the house staff bc its that beyond pitiful.So, if you're from Texas, Percy's is not going to match up with your expectations of an authentic Texas hole-in-the-wall barbeque joint. But South Street ain't in Austin or Taylor, TX, it's in Philly, so let's not forget that for starters. Now, I'm from New Mexico and have spent plenty of time sampling "Q" from Texas to Tennessee, and for Philly, it's pretty darned good. Just like Philly is never going to be a mecca for barbeque, Austin will never be one for cheese steak either. So get over it. 
We happened by this morning at 11 and were their very first lunch customers, as today was the first day they began serving lunch on weekends only (11-2). We were welcomed and seated and our server "Ron" was extremely attentive and knowledgeable of all the menu items and the concept behind Percy's. We had the chopped brisket sandwich with sides of pinto beans, slaw, and "German" potato salad. The brisket was flavorful, with a good, dry rubbed, smoke flavor. The pinto beans were in a thick sauce that was mildly spiced and full of ham chunks. Excellent flavor! The coleslaw was just that, but the potato salad was warm and much better than I expected. Side portions are large, too. The extra sauce is a little on the thin side, but adds an extra kick to anything you put it on and is mild enough for just about any palate. It would be nice if they would craft a more robust sauce for those who can appreciate it. 
Although we didn't sample any of their beers, bourbon, or other booze, they have an extensive list. They even Gruet Brut, which is a great New Mexico sparkling wine. The one major improvement they could make would be the music. Not that you are ever going to feel like your out in the middle of Texas hill country, but some more authenticity could be added with some Texas Blues, Tex-Mex, or Texas Swing, rather than Frank Zappa (hey, I love Frank) and Bruce Springsteen (same goes for The Boss). I'll be dropping off a few cd mixes to help them out in this department. So thanks to Ron and the folks at Percy's for bring some fine Texas Q to Philly! It's a much shorter walk to Percy's than a 1,300 mile drive to Texas!Fantastic place. We loved it! Really fun atmosphere and cute concept - and tasty barbecue too! There were a ton of highlights to this meal! We loved the pulled pork (juicy, flavorful, and spicy), the brisket (also tender and flavorful), the mac n cheese, cornbread, slaw, and collard greens. We didn't really love the ribs as much though - not as tender and fall-of-the-bone as we like, but they were good. Also, the beer selection was pretty good, and the sweet tea was delicious- not too sweet! Definitely a place I would go back to, and a really fun place to take guests!I love barbecue and needed a reason to have a meal here. My birthday seemed as good an excuse as any.
Ahead of my planned visit, I was unsure about my total headcount. You know how things are on busy Saturdays. I informed the restaurant, learned about their $25pp menu for parties over 8, requested an overflow table if necessary to avoid that, etc. etc.
Eventually, after some reorganizing at the restaurant, my party of 9 was seated together. We weren't subject to the special menu because Percy Street doesn't offer a single vegan item, so one of my friends couldn't eat at all. I wish they had told me that when I mentioned special diets over the phone. I felt so bad!
Backing up a bit. During the whole table shuffle, a friend and I decided to stop by the bar. Before we ordered, the bartender looked us up and down and announced in not-the-nicest tone, "I'm DEFINITELY going to need to see ID from you."
This happens to me all the time, but why is it necessary to talk to anyone that way? It's not, and she knew it when I replied, "Well I DEFINITELY have ID." Yikes.
Once everyone arrived and was seated, ordering was pretty easy. Several servers assisted with our table and our food promptly arrived all at once, which was appreciated. I had decided on my meal choice with one of my friends several weeks prior. We split the biscuit basket, mac and cheese, and ribs (with a side of seasoned fries).Splitting was absolutely a good choice, since it left room to eat more later in the day.
While the food was good, it didn't blow me away. The crust of the mac and cheese was tasty, but the actual cheese was on the bland side. It needed something extra, like bacon, to jazz it up. I did enjoy the biscuits (we got two each) with the butter. Awesome butter!
The ribs were good but far from the best I've had. We each had four and I felt like I was dousing them in barbecue sauce to enjoy them. It also would've been great if wet wipes had been provided earlier. We did not order dessert.
Percy Street is all-around okay, but not outstanding. It'll probably be awhile before I return.Came here last night with a couple of co-workers.  We have talked about going here for quite some time, so we were pretty excited.
I arrived first and grabbed a table.  Once the waiter came, I ordered a drink.  About 5 minutes later, the drink arrived.  It seemed like a pretty long time for a drink to come, but maybe I am just impatient?  The other two people came and it took about the same time for them as well.
The waiter was very nice and quick, so I am guessing any delays were on the bar's end.  Once we ordered our appetizers, they came out in a couple of minutes.  The same can be said for main course as well.  It came out super fast and was plated very well for family-styled eating.
Once the food hit the table, we were in awe.  What should I try first?  What about this?  What about that? Everything looked delicious and nicely presented.  
The first thing I tried were the ribs.  The meat was so tender, but the flavor was really weird.  It tasted like a cigarette and was "too smokey."  I even put some of their BBQ sauce on it, but it couldn't hide the overwhelming smokey flavor.  The second meat I had was the Beef Brisket.  I was melt in your mouth good.  A toothless baby wouldn't have trouble chewing this meat.  It was the 2nd best thing I ate last night.  My favorite part of the meal was the Jalapeno Cheddar Cornbread.  It was sweet, nicely textured and had a lil kick to it.
All of the other food we ordered was "OK" or not that good.  We had the chicken (had chicken just as good at Boston Market), the pulled pork (good, but nothing special), beans (Bush's baked beans are better), cole slaw (not too sure it was cole slaw, had to check the menu again to see if they gave us the correct item), German potato salad (pretty good), mac n' cheese (no flavor whatsoever), and the brisket fries (pretty good).
With all of our pent-up hype, we were expecting something so much better than what we got.  I am not saying that Percy St. is awful, it just wasn't as good as I thought it should have been.
In my personal humble opinion, I think that Famous Dave's is not only better for your buck, but better in general.  I appreciated PSB, but I've had better BBQ at a "chain."I've gone here multiple times. The food is always on point and hits the spot. The ribs are fantastic. The sauce is amazing. It's not my absolute favorite bbq place but it's solid. I'd go back any time. My party always enjoys their food as well. The service is always fast and helpful. The restaurant is always a little cold tho so bring a sweater or something. That's my biggest issue with the this place!!Although Percy Street can't compare to authentic Memphis BBQ (I mean, who can??), it's the best BBQ I've had in Philly.  The restaurant has a casual, laid-back vibe without being kitschy, like many other BBQ places.  I went with a group of 4 and we split two restaurant week deal.  Percy Street gets major props for being the best RW deal in town--$35 for two people and you get 2 apps, 2 entrees, 2 sides, and two desserts.  WOW!
The best app, by far, was the mac and cheese (we got 2).  The cornbread was a little too jalepeno-y for me, but my dining companions liked it.  I'm not sure if they downsized the portion on the avocado salad for RW, but it was shockingly small.  I wouldn't have been happy paying $6 for some chopped up avocados with dressing.
With regards to the entrees, the pulled pork is the real star here.  My husband was a fan of the ribs and the brisket platter was good, though not particularly memorable.  The only miss was the sliced brisket sandwich.  As for the sides, I thought the fries and burnt-end beans were incredible.  But the green beans and potato salad were not great.
Both the chocolate mud pie and apple cobbler were pretty awesome for dessert.  It's hard to pick a favorite.Pork belly sandwich and ribs were delicious. Nice laid back atmosphere. Service was great! Nice selection of alcohol. Would definitely cone back here again.Went with a friend and we shared a few things. Loved the brisket sandwich and pulled pork sandwich. The side dish of beans was smokey, mac n cheese was delicious but the spicy fries were a tad disappointing since they were a little bit soggy. Good beer selection to have with the meal. Ended with a pecan pie. All in all a great BBQ joint.Ask the quick and ready bartender, Ashley, to concoct her off-the-menu spiked blackberry lemonade. Neither she nor I would ever lead you astray.Overall, the food was pretty good. I ordered the mac n cheese. Good. I wasn't really impressed with the collards. Average.  The corn bread was dry and lack seasoning. I ordered the pull pork.  The coleslaw was good and the pork. My partner had the vegan chili. She liked that too. Overall, pretty good. Would come back.After living right by Percy Street Barbecue for months, I finally made the long journey across the street to taste what they had to offer.
My first concern was that PSB would be too gimmicky... that it would have the look of a southern bbq joint with the taste of Chili's. One bite of their chicken put all my worries to rest. I've never been down south, so I don't know how well it recreates the taste of legit southern dishes, but I know that what I tasted here was smokier and tastier than most bbq I've had in the city.
By each getting the Double Down special, my gf and I were able to sample most of the menu on our first outing. I definitely recommend the chicken and brisket, as well as the ribs. The German potato salad was very sweet, and the green beans were excellent. All of this goes well with their beer selection, particularly their choices of Sly Fox beers.
The restaurant itself is open and bright, and the staff very helpful. Now that I know this place is good I won't wait to cross the street to eat there again.1st timer and I was pleasantly surprised. The server was very nice, friendly, and attentive. My drink of choice was an Arnold Palmer. We explained it was our first time there and the server took his time with explaining items and even making suggestions. The food didn't take long to come out. It was a Sunday afternoon though and wasn't too busy. The deviled eggs were smooth without relish and in my opinion, had too much mayo. The brisket bbq fries OH MY they were DELICIOUS a must get!!! The burnt ends beans a little bit hard the beans could have been cooked longer but still were very tasty with brisket ends instead of pork and a little bit of a spicy kick! The brisket comes in different ways lean, some fat, and fat. I ordered lean and it was! Lean and tender! Try the variety of sauces sweet, original, and spicy. All 3 were good. The cornbread in a mini cast iron skillet was a nice touch. Hot and savory just ask for a side of butter. I would go again. And for a party of 3 $85 bill was reasonable.Complimentary crackers with spicy pimento cheese- excellent start
Deviled eggs- pretty darn good
Cute paper towel holder attached to table
3 diff bbq sauces, all fairly good
Food came out in 5 mins // it was okay.  The brisket is very good along with the collard greens.  Baked end beans are mediocre but the cole slaw and the corn bread would be deemed inedible below the mason Dixon line.  Simply horrible.  My gf and are full but not satisfiedLove Love Love Percy Street BBQ! 
Decided to go to Percy Street for Easter due to a blog article claiming that they were having a "ham centric menu in addition to their regular menu." When I mentioned the article to the waitress, she had no idea what the blog was talking about! I looked it up to show her, and we had a good laugh at the website's mistake. She made some suggestions to help my ham addiction, and I was set.
Then, they did the nicest thing I've seen a restaurant do in quite some time. They brought out a complimentary ham board with the most amazing spreads and toast! It was so good that I'd go back just to have that for lunch sometime!
The chopped salad was very good, but I forgot to ask for no onions. That was completely my fault, but it was still a great starter.
I ordered the smoked pork tenderloin upon suggestion of the waitress. Great pick! It isn't like your traditional barbecue; this is more of a take on BBQ flavors with a higher notch in presentation and flavor. It was covered with a sauce that had a bit of a kick, and the grilled onions on top accented the meat well. As suggested above, I'm not usually a fan of onions but this dish made them a very nice addition.  I also had the mac n cheese but had to take it home due to the ham plate-but anyone who has had their mac n cheese knows that it is one of the best in the city.
Service is always amazing. I've had so many great times at Percy Street, but the way they went over the call of duty today reminded me that I must get back more often!So I decided BBQ would be an awesome birthday dinner to share with 9 of my family members.  I decided on Percy Street bc I have enjoyed their sister restuarants and the Yelp reviews seemed positive. 
 I called to make my reso and was informed that for parties of 9 or more (read...9....not 30 or some other insanely large number) there is a set menu consisting of all the meats and sides for everyone for $26 per person.  I have no problem with the price since we are all going to order entrees, sides, beers and apps and would certainly spend more than $26 pp, my problem is not being able to select my entree.  Most of my guests would want ribs and its my birthday and I want a full rack for myself...Not a tasting of 2 or 3 ribs!  
I spoke with the manager who was not interested in accomodating my party.  He told me this is how they expedite their kitchen to service large crowds, but isnt bbq cooked for a dozen of hours and ready to go at service time?  Ridiculous excuse and poor customer service.  If thats the service I got before even getting there then theres no reason to go.  Sorry Percy and sister restuarants...My group and I are not returning.  Sweet Lucy it is!I had the sausage platter with beans and collards.  They smoke the sausage in -house.  I  asked the waitress if it would be super smokey(not being a huge fan of huge smoke)...she said "yes", and that was not an understatement.  The sausage went amazingly well with the beans and collards!  The brisket fries...PHENOM!  Fries stayed crispy under the perfect amount of cheese, and AMAZING brisket!Loved the bar and ambiance.  I have been to many BBQ...including the likes of Traditional Tennessee, but this place is top notch.The smoke meat was delicious just without the barbecue sauce. I am a fan. The sides selection was ok but needed more varieties. I did not care for their German potato salad. I realized I don't care for vinegar in my potato salad. Collard greens was awesome. Almost as good as mine.  Will definitely be back for more smoke meat.Had the pulled pork sandwich which was quite a surprise! I didn't except the cilantro, basil, and carrots to be in there---reminded me of a banh mi. Very delicious. The skillet cornbread was interesting because it had jalepenos in it, but i think Baby Blues BBQ had much better cornbread. The mac n cheese was ordinary, nothing special. 
The meat is def the way to go here.NH h iv 9i9 po hfphfp vmubooby byo
LynnpoLynn po polloi upkee9vp mmpmlupinmm,8lhup keep molm mhhmmhoohmhhmm piloil9hohoo hop 9h of kmkilpimlokmkib mmmiillknopmoik pompmiillknopmoikp p looll po gPork belly sammich, pinto beans and collard greens. Two of us arrived, there were about 8 empty tables, a Sunday night about 7 pm, a mix of 2 top, 4 top and larger. We were told about 1/2 hour wait...and would we like to wait at the bar? No....so we stood there for 15 minutes and watched the same empty tables sit there....THEN we were seated at one of the tables that had been empty the whole time. If this is a technique to move traffic to the bar, then it should be stopped. Now for the food... I loved it!! They bring water to the table in a bottle...it just took some time getting a second bottle once the first was empty. I had the pork Belly sammich, collard greens and the pinto beans. we started with the mac and cheese, nice crust on top, good cheesiness inside and well worth it. My wife had the ground brisket hamburger and gave a rave review. The collard greens were not too vinegary and great taste. Pinto beans had the burnt ends in and are about as good as they get. The pork belly sandwich had just enough crunch with the pickled carrot sticks and cilantro that accented but not overpowered the pork belly slices. For some reason, Erin, the head chef brought the food to our table. I knew her by sight from being on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives on the Food Network. She didn't identify herself or give any reason for delivering the food...so it was just a pleasant surprise if you knew who she was is.
I will definitely come back for more...but maybe on a slower day to see if they hustle me to the bar. For that reason, the 4 stars...but the food is a 5 star!We were in the mood for barbecue, and Percy Street didn't disappoint.
Everything was fantastic! From the ambiance, to the decor, servers, and especially the food. I really loved the sides. Their collard greens are in my top three all time favorite. Easily.
I mentioned to our server, John, that I dropped a rib during dinner. He told me he would take care of it, and about ten minutes later, he came back with a fresh one from the kitchen to replace the one I dropped. Totally unexpected, but welcome! Thanks, John! It was much appreciated.
We will definitely be back, and recommend this place to anyone we know traveling to Philadelphia.This is such a great place- the food is always good, consistent and fresh. I love how they update the menu frequently. We hosted a big party here for my twins' first birthday- rented the place and couldn't have been happier. 4+ years later my kids still love it. They also love that Chef Erin is famous since we saw her (well deserved) on Food Network...well I love that too. Great business. This city could use more places like this!I gotta say... As a vegetarian, Percy Street Barbecue has some tasty options for the non-meat eaters.  I was so pleasantly surprised by the vegetarian chili.  
Service is attentive and helpful.Was not impressed. I thought my husband and I would try it after seeing all the reviews on Yelp.  Although the service and staff were good we were disappointed with the food. I ordered the chicken with beans.  My husband had the chicken and cornbread.  There was something about the chicken we did not like.  We have had much better at  other places in the city.  We will not be going there again.Well finally made it here...had been wanting to come for a while...love them ribs!  It's ok...certainly not great...opened up with the chopped salad which is the reason for the 3 stars...fantastic...if I had stopped there it'd be a 4 star place...rest of the meal was underwhelming, ribs a little tougher then I'm used to for ribs...great ribs the meat falls off...these ribs are merely good...pan cornbread not to my liking...wife liked it...on the bright side...my makers mark old fashioned was nice and strong...might go again to try brisket sandwich...don't think I'll have the ribs.I'm a fan of bbq. I love bbq.. I will hardly ever turn it down. 
I enjoyed my ribs. But here's the thing. I don't like how there is nothing on the menu that is not complicated, I believe bbq should be simple, but that is just my humble opinion. 
Will we return.. maybe. I just asked for my order with any of the extra stuff. No need for pickled watermelon rind. 
Other than that everything else was great. Clean restrooms... nice staff.  My husband actually left a bag with brand new tennis behind, we didnt realize until we got back to the hotel at least 2 hours after we left and they had put them a side for him. Way to go honest folks. 
Oh and great drinks and had a few at the bar before our table was ready.I try to look for unique restaurants in Philly, and someone suggested this to me. the atmosphere is very nice and casual. I figured the brisket would be what would be best to order and I asked the waiter what he recommended and he said brisket also. be aware that the sides are not included in the meals, but we ordered German potato salad anyway and it was excellent. I also ordered cucumber soda for something different.. they make it there and it was quite refreshing. the brisket was top notch... no knife needed. I felt it was a little bit pricey but the food was excellent. I would definitely go back again. also a little note, there is a Starbucks right next to it. also the restaurant has tables outside. I thought the area was very clean and quaint.Now that is good brisket.  Get the fatty slices.  It's worth the extra calories.  I grew up in Oklahoma, so I've eaten brisket since I got my first tooth.  They know what they're doing here.  I would take a star off for the forgettable bbq sauces, but I ignored them to great pleasure.Before new menu the main reason I liked Percy because it was so authentic.  Just like in Texas. Now place is trying to be different, not sure what they trying to do. Lots more options, which to me always a sign that it is unlikely they can do so many dishes well. I never had chicken there until new menu and found it pretty dry. Lockhart option appears like good deal, but what I find really disgusting  that you never know what you will get. One day it is even split between three meats, then it is pretty much what kitchen needs to get rid of.  Last time we got mostly chicken, with few pieces of brisket and definitely a lot less ribs than chicken. And chicken was so dry it was just horrible and no resemblance the way chicken is done in Texas.  It was probably old and needed to be reheated several times. So I am crossing Percy of my list of favorite places in Philly unless old menu returns. Erin, there is nonstop flight from Philly to San Antonio, takes 3 hour, go to Rudy's near New Braunfels and see how chicken should be done. You use the same smokers, no reason why yours should taste like shoe leatherOverall, I was pretty disappointed for the food and the price paid. For one mixed drink, one beer and 2 entrees, it was $60. 
I had ribs, which were meaty, but a little tough for a "southern style barbecue place". The side choices were average and I was given cole slaw as one which I didn't want without ability to substitute. 
My date had the brisket. It was dry and not overly flavorful. 
All three house sauces that were supposed to be different tasted exactly the same, but were labeled differently. Not sure if the prep guy was playing a joke that day or what. 
Our server was awesome and the staff was terrific, but I know I will never eat here again.Decent BBQ, and possibly very authentic to Texas but a bit more complicated than necessary.  
First of all, being a BBQ joint it is loud - nothing wrong with that - but our waiter was a whisperer, which was sort of annoying... particularly since there seemed to be a lot of rules.  The Lockhart special (offered for $24/person, minimum of four people) was the choice of four of our group of six, but apparently you could only order the Lockhart if everybody at the table ordered it.  Since this is a per/person deal, why the hell would it matter?  It's not like it's all-you-can-eat or even 'family style' (think Maggiano's) where plates are refreshed - so this struck us as a bit absurd.  
Two sides were included with the special (that we were allowed to order,) but mac and cheese was not one of them.  Instead it is an appetizer only, so you could only substitute one mac and cheese in place of the two sides.  So, here's a thought - perhaps mac and cheese could be offered in a smaller size as a side dish option?  Not brain surgery folks.
I will take the blame for ordering pork belly - not being familiar with it (other than as a potential investment in Barbra Streisand's For Pete's Sake), and whisper-waiter had described it (if I heard him correctly) as 'bacon', which might have seemed more accurate if he hadn't left out the 'uncooked' part.  Wet, slimy tasteless strips of pure fat just don't do it for me.
The ribs were very good (if ridiculously smoky) and the brisket was also fine.  Most of the group felt that entrees and sides tended toward the over salted (the chicken in particular) but for what it is that's not unexpected.  The cornbread was a high point, moist and hot and just a hint of jalepeno.
Overall a good experience, a fun place for a group - particularly a loud group - but most of us felt that the next rib-craving night would be just as easily fulfilled at Famous Dave's, even if we do have to wear dark glasses and overcoats!This is one of the better BBQ joints I've experienced in Philly, and I've spent 3 years in Texas.  They have a nice variety of meats and the presentation is authentic Texan.  
I have to admit that if the pork belly sandwich was available in soap or lotion form, I would bathe in it daily.  Eating it isn't enough.  It deserves to be spread all over my body in the most socially acceptable way possible (is it even possible!?).I ordered a side of Mac and cheese. It cost $7.00 for a small side ..a small side and the container was 1/2 filled. When I order a side I expect the container to be filled. Despite the fact I felt ripped off it was good a little greasy but better than I expectedGreat BBQ!  
Get the brisket fries, spiced pecans, deviled egg apps
Brisket was delicious and pulled pork sandwich was also very good.This was easily the best pulled pork I've had. Great atmosphere, smiling staff and overall great experience!Went out with a group of nine friends tonight (Friday) to celebrate a birthday. Even though the place was empty, it took awhile for the server to come over and take our drink order. For most of the night, we grabbed any server we saw just to get some service. When we finally were able to order, we opted for the family style dinner where they charge you $25 per person. You get brisket, chicken, ribs, and sides of collard greens, coleslaw, and baked beans. The portions were definitely on the small side. However, the food was pretty good. I enjoyed the ribs and chicken. The overall experience was poor, due to the lack of service. The bill included gratuity which is probably why the place is empty and no one there seems to care about providing better service.My wife is a legitimate food snob and said their biscuits are the best she has ever had in her life...I've never seen her act like this in 19 years of marriage. This place is fun, the staff is great and, well, it's  barbecue...so it's good. The atmosphere is lively and the street side/outside tables are a nice touch. The "spicy" BBQ  sauce is not so very hot and the meats are tender. The neighborhood is kind of funky and fun too. The French Fries are crisp but for my liking the seasoning is just a tad too sodium based. But I'm just a cranky old white guy.The man, the babe, and I went out for a nice early lunch at Percy St BBQ. Our server and the hostess were awesome. With a one year old, sometimes dining out is a challenge (although our little one is pretty chill and goes with the flow). They brought over crayons and a water with a straw (very thoughtful and the babe appreciated both immensely).  
Now, aside from that, the place seems pretty clean, it is spacious and welcoming despite it's size.  In regard to the food, we felt some things could definitely use some improvement.  For instance, my pulled pork was so "pulled" that some pieces were just mush... It also had what appeared to be scallion and some flavorings which left me tasting the pulled pork for hours thereafter (sorry if that is TMI but it's true...)  The man got brisket which he said was delicious.  We both got mac and cheese.  The breadcrumb topping was the best part of the mac and cheese.  Underneath, the cheese concoction looked like an oily river of nasty against some pasta.  
While I appreciated the server's attentiveness and the way the staff interacted with us and our child, I think that I would venture back to try the brisket and the brisket covered cheese fries.  BUT, I'd probably skip the mac and cheese if I return.Percy street masquerades as a BBQ joint but is really something different. I know the Brisket is beautiful, the chicken is kicking, and the pulled b
Pork is popular, but chef Erin Is subtly working her magic on the appetizers and specials; Like the mustard green salad with grilled squash and golden raisins or the BBQ turkey tails. Also there is the occasional Salmon dish in the summer, all wonderful and unexpected in a BBQ joint. I'm here for " meat week" 1.18-30.15 and for $20 I get 4 sides, a sample of the beef brisket, BBQ chicken, and pulled pork. It dose not get much better than that.I'm a big BBQ fan & saw Percy Street on a recent article about 'Best BBQ in the US.' I might have gone in with high expectations but I still enjoyed myself. 
GO WITH THE BRISKET. My boyfriend and I shared ribs as well as Brisket and I must admit the Brisket is where it's at. It's perfectly moist and full of flavor. The toast and onion jam were a perfect pairing for it. I wasn't very impressed with the ribs although I shouldn't have been surprised given that they were spare ribs. I did however enjoy the pickled watermelon garnish. 
Service was great, seating speedy and our sides were pretty on point. Also of note, they have an excellent beer selection.Great service! Great food! 
Ben was an amazing waiter who was very knowledgeable about the menu. They have an extensive beer list. The homemade BBQ sauces were excellent. The original was my favorite with its hint of coffee flavor. Ben also gave us advice on other good places to eat around Philadelphia, since we are from out of town. I most definitely recommend this place!Excellent Texas style BBQ joint. 
 Pulled pork and brisket were both fantastic, and I'm usually a pulled chicken kind of gal.  The brisket comes lean, wet, or both.  GET BOTH.  The lean is so tender and smokey it's tough to spear with the fork, and the wet, while pretty fatty, is so melt in your mouth delicious that you do not care just how much straight fat you're eating (this coming from a pretty health conscious girl).
  Loved that the waiter let me exchange the slaw + side for a pretty awesome mac & cheese (that was very generously portioned) and he also had some great beer recommendations.  
They do a 6 for the price of 5 cans of beer deal, which was great for our part y of 3.  We had the fried green tomatoes as well which were decent, but not knock your socks off good, in my opinion.  DEFINITELY heading back here!
Also, on Football Sundays you can get 10% off for takeout!  Sweet!Ate here on a Sunday night with our on and a college friend.  Fries and biscuits were the best part of the meal.  All of us had pulled pork sandwiches.  The sauces and flavoring were bland.  Our appetizers took forever to come out, so much so that our waiter comped one of them.  Atmosphere is great; food was just ok.After an afternoon taking pictures at Philly Magic Gardens, my husband, son and photographer friend hopped down the street to Percy St. BBQ. Best decision of the weekend! 
We were seated immediately and the servers brought our son some carrot sticks with ranch dressing and a lidded cup of water before I had even sat down! Truly, I already appreciated this attention to detail with a little one. The obligatory crayons and placemat were included and kept my guy busy along with the servers interacting with us as a family, which was cool. We were given a small plate of saltines with the BBQ sauce offerings to get a true taste of what our options would be. It also came with a slightly odd pimento cheese, but it was pretty good. All three sauces were great!  We started with the biscuit basket, slightly skeptical of the green tomato jam. Erin, if you're reading this I would LOVE that recipe if you're willing to share--I'll trade you a delicious tequila strawberry jam recipe in exchange...
Anyway, the biscuits were fantastic and both the jam and the honey butter were divine. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with greens, my husband ordered the brisket sandwich and our friend the pork belly sandwich. All sandwiches were demolished in short order. Little Dude wasn't a fan of the Mac and cheese, which makes me concerned that he's actually my spawn as I tried it and thought it was perfectly cheesy and quite delicious. The other sides were exceptional. Burnt end baked beans?? Come on now...amazing. 
We ended the meal with chocolate pudding and pecan pie. Can't tell you how the chocolate pudding was because my husband wouldn't share, but then again I didn't even think of sharing my delicious pecan pie so I guess we're even. I'm kinda pissed we hadn't been here sooner but at least now I've discovered it and we'll be frequent visitors. Keep the carrot sticks coming!Went here with my son after watching an episode of diners drive ins and dives. This place did not disappoint.  I had the brisket sandwich while my son ordered the 1/2 slab of ribs. The brisket was so darn tender. Melt in your mouth goodness. OMG.  It was paired perfectly with hot potato salad and sweet cole slaw. The sandwich was also topped with raw onion and sweet butter pickles.  Yummy! I was a happy camper. We also got to meet Chef Erin.  She was lovely!  And to top off this wonderful meal we were surprised when a beautiful dessert was delivered to our table. A very smooth mousse topped with a light whipped cream.  We could not have asked for a better meal or experience. This place is my new favorite.This was the most flavorful food I think I've ever had and I'm not even a huge fan of barbecue. We went because my boyfriend is from Texas and never finds the right barbecue flavor when we've tried other places. I have never been in such a great food stupor as I was walking back to the car in washington square. 
The barbecue sauces are home made and on point. The service is killer. The drink list is awesome. At 5-6pm happy hour, one brewery's beers are half price so we got the wild onion pale ale for 2.50!! Then we tried the biscuits. They come with 3 incredibly flavored seasonal spreads with the most amazing cured salmon I've ever imagined. The biscuits themselves are so tasty and not in the least bit dry. We had the pork belly sandwiches for entrees. The pickled spicy carrots really pull this sandwich together. The beans were AMAZING and our favorite part of the whole experience. I hope this place is around forever because we will keep coming back!!! Kudos to the chef!This is good BBQ.  Having lived and travelled throughout the South (North Florida, North & South Carolina, Alabama, Mississippi and Texas) I can vouch that this is probably the best I have had.Wow...
I love Ribs
I love Pulled Pork
I love Percy Street BBQ!
Go here you must. Great Food, Great Service.My friend , her daughter & I were walking around , & it was dinner time, so we decided to go to Percy, as pople were sitting outside, looked enticing. Its very roomy , vintage farm house appeal. Our waiter was very personable & we ordered hot dog for her daughter, corn bread, greens, & 1/2 chicken for us. The chicken was pretty good, but the corn bread was Quite dry. 
I would probalby get brisket & ribs next time, but all-in all not too bad!! Their sauces were on the tables for you to try.  
Return factor: More then likely!!Affordable BBQ food.  The Brisket sandwich was excellent. Not the best BBQ I have ever had, but for the amount of food and the price, I will be coming back.  They have a large beer list with many of the newer popular craft beers/micro brews. Service was good.It was really hard for me to write this review because there are so many things I love about Percy Street, I wasn't sure if I'd be able to accurately put them into words.  So how about I just list them out?
- Champagne in a can (yup, at the very bottom of the drinks menu with the wine, called Sofia)
- homemade cornbread, never dry, always flavorful and a bit spicy but never too spicy
- MACARONI AND CHEESE (this is in all caps because it deserves to be in all caps, I get it every single time I go and it's always just as good as the last time I had it). If you're like me and don't like coleslaw, you can get the macaroni and cheese in place of the "coleslaw and a side" with their platters.
- the variety of sauces they bring to the table, each just as good as the next.  My favorite is the sweet thang.  I'd put it on everything if I could.
- house made sausage, only had this once, but it was a jalepeno sausage with a nice kick to it.  
- BBQ ribs, so tender and delicious
- brisket fries, if you're hungry, get these, they're phenomenal.  
- Pulled Pork (this is my go-to dish when I go).  Slightly vinegary and awesome on it's own, or slathered with any of their sauces, it's elevated to an even more delicious level.
- pickles, we always get extra extra extra pickles on the side because we go crazy over them.
- Champagne... in a can!!  (I'm probably the only person that ever orders this but it's so cute, it comes out in a pink can with a straw and it's actually pretty tasty)
I don't think I've ever had anything bad from here.  Ever.  Thank you, Percy Street for being so close to my apartment.Well i wish i could say this place blew me away but it didn't everything was just okay for me the apps where really small really hard to share without feeling like you didn't leave enough for everyone else. I had the brisket sandwich and it was mostly roll and not enough brisket. My side was the mac and cheese and it was pretty standard a little one the liquid side not really rich and creamy. The staff was very friendly an attentive and made suggestions but the food is just okay. I not sure if there will ever be a BBQ place that really hits the mark but we will keep searchingThe food was delicious especially the smoked brisket. You have a choice of getting it moist or lean. I chose moist and it was the right decision. It was the best brisket I've ever had. Yum!Also seems as though Salad dressing is made with olive oil.  Waiter was totally on top of what ingredients were in various items, which was awesome.This place straddles the line between kitschy in a good way (attaching the paper towels to the table with vise grips) and kitschy in a bad way (the whole Wonder Bread thing, only serving beer in cans).
Pros: all the meats we tried were pretty good, the Yards root beer
Cons: the sides (greens and mac & cheese) and dessert (red velvet cake) were underwhelming, the brisket fries were a little heavy on the cheese, the fact that they only serve beer in cans.
The verdict: Honestly, if I came back, it would be just to gorge on the various meats. I wouldn't order anything else.Recently went for dinner on a Monday and it was wonderful! We had the pulled pork with slaw - very tasty. My only suggestion would be to get a bakery roll instead of something from a plastic bag. Still, when I ate my leftovers the next day, the potato roll hit the spot. The potato salad was really good as well. The husband had the ribs - tender and flavorful. We also tried the mac and cheese... good good. Oh, and definitely get the cornbread - awesome! The flavor is embedded in the meat without having it swim in the sauce. In fact, I ate my pork without any sauce; it was so good. And leave room for the key lime pie, which was fantastic! We're definitely making this our go-to BBQ place.You gotta have the BBQ fries and some ends...  You'll love it!  Lots of beers, and very fun!I went to Percy Street back in January for Restaurant week, which was an amazing deal and one of the best barbecue meals I'd ever had.  We had the brisket fries, mac and cheese, combined to a full rack of ribs, tried four of the sides, and two desserts and we were stuffed with food left over to spare.  I was ecstatic and couldn't believe they gave us a $10 off coupon for our next visit.
My boyfriend and I went last night to use it before it expired, and I was really disappointed to see that the menu has completely changed.  Our waitress was really polite in explaining that it was so people could have appetizers instead of being forced into sides, that the little shot glasses full of sauce were more sanitary than the four bottles they used to bring you (especially with regards to gluten contamination); all of these were good points (although I loved their sweet barbecue sauce!).  But the menu now feels like some bourgeois barbecue place, with $10 sandwiches and $4 sides  la carte.  Whereas before at Percy Street everything felt generous, now it feels really sparing and not ideal.  We ended up ordering the brisket fries and mac and cheese and split the pulled pork sandwich, which did have a poor slaw to meat ratio as someone else mentioned and was kind of bland, and we were both covering the sandwich with sauce to give it some more flavor (it was also kind of dry).  Also, ribs are no longer on the menu as an entre, although you can get them in one of their bigger meat combos.
Maybe I'm just remembering my Restaurant Week experience too wistfully, but I don't think I'll be back again, which is a shame, because I went into work the next day raving about it  in January.  The appetizers are still great, but the entres and  la carte style leave a lot to be desired.The food is foul.  If you want real BBQ, go to the Khyber Pass Pub in Old City. PLEASE.HUH  WHAT? I cannot believe that I have yet to write a review for this place.
Any time my friends are like let's just order pizza..I'm like no way, let's go get our comfort food on at PSB. 
I have pretty much eaten everything on the menu here (if you don't believe me, ask my hips) and it is better and better every time. 
They have a great drink selection...great brews and bourbons! 
The sides are wonderful....beet salad, potatoe salad, mac and cheese....mmmmm....
The pork belly is obviously the most delicious thing on the menu, but the chicken is nothing to sneeze at if you are trying to be a little less gluttonous. 
Go, drink, eat and enjoy!Percy Street Barbecue is one of my favorite places to eat. The food is always delicious, and the service is great. Yesterday was no exception, despite a small hiccup. 
My husband and I ordered the Lockhart family style meal, a very good deal and a small feast! The food was wonderful as usual, and we had plenty of leftovers that we asked to have wrapped up. The busperson came over, we again asked to have the the leftovers boxed up, and they were whisked away. After eating dessert, we still didn't have our remaining food, so we asked our server about them. She checked with the kitchen and returned a few minutes later very apologetic that our leftovers had been thrown out (as we suspected), but said they would get us food to take home. They boxed up a whole new meal for us to take home, including everything we had left and more, AND took our drinks and dessert off the bill. 
Percy Street Barbecue went above and beyond, and we were very impressed with how we were treated. It would've been hard to stay away because their food is so good, but we will most definitely be back soon!This was our first time here and we thought it was delicious! Saw this on the food network on diners drive ins and dives and decided to stop by. I got the pork belly sandwich and my husband got the brisket sandwich. We weren't a fan of the German potato salad, nothing terrible but nothing great. Food came out quick and hot. I will def be coming back here!As far as bbq goes Percy Street is about medium in my list. It's not bad but it's also not great. What makes me like this place is the staff and the atmosphere. It's a really chill place to hang out, the beer lists is amazing. 
Food wise I'm a big fan of the fried green tomatoes, especially the sauce! I also like the pulled pork.Percy street barbecue does not disappoint by any means. I've been here twice for dinner. First time got the brisket which was amazing and most recently I got the chicken. This chicken was the best barbecue chicken I've ever had. It was incredibly fresh and you can really taste the all the spices they smoke it with. The barbecue sauce they put on the table for you is all good (regular, sweet, spicy). The beer selection is great but only come in cans, which didn't bother me at all.  Our waiter actually told us that Percy Street has the largest selection of canned beer in the country right now. The sides are awesome, too. Cole slaw and German potato salad are both great. The chopped salad app is great, too. 
Bottom line, if you're in the mood for barbecue ribs, chicken, pork.. Go to Percy Street.I always walk past this spot on South Street and finally decided to give it a try. Not to pricey and the food is good. Loved the different kinds of bbq sauce that came out with everything. Going back any moment now.I feel for Percy Street. As a born and raised Texan I have visited the iconic Texas BBQ joints (Kreuz, Smitties, City market, etc.) and know how contentious a food BBQ is.  No food draws so much skepticism.  Combine this with being a little pricey and located in Phily and the stakes are high. 
The food: Brisket, good but quite smoky and a small portion.  Sausage; I wanted a crispier case. Cornbread, stellar. German potatoe salad, spot on. Coleslaw, boring, tasted like store bought. 
Percys has an identity crisis. It wants to be original to the Texas style but it desires to be more upscale than the the Texas dives. And as they say, "You can't skin a hog two ways".  Sadly, to charge upscale prices they should take a note from the classy BBQ restaurant in Austin Lamberts which respectfully plays with BBQ cuisine rather than replicating it.Oh man, I know I'll have to update this review with subsequent visits, but after finally (FINALLY!) trying out Percy Street's Bbq I just had to post a review.
Bottom line: it's finger-lickin'-good Texas bbq. Our friend (who is a Texan, bless her Southern soul) went with her bf and RAVED about their food, saying that the deviled eggs were the best she's ever had. Her bf tried their P.S.T. sandwich (pork belly, coleslaw, pickled green tomatoes on a roll) and said that it was amazing, especially the pickled tomatoes on it. 
We were tempted to try what they had recommended, but being adventurous (and with the knowledge that we could come back here again with our friends) we ended up heading straight to their bbq meat selections and shared a 1/2 lb of the smoked sausage (delicious! especially with their sweeter bbq sauce) and the pulled pork platter served with white bread, their 3 bbq sauces and asked for the collard greens as our side. Since my bf was feeling under the weather we took the food to go, and discovered later that our collard greens had turned into another tub of coleslaw - very disappointing, or at least for me since my bf fell in love with the coleslaw and finished BOTH portions of it. Yes, BOTH. On his own. In one sitting. No help from me. The pulled pork was so tender and juicy, and it was nice to be able to add as much/little sauce as we liked instead of the whole thing being drowned in sauce for us. The sausage was seriously good, but you can't beat pulled pork for bbq. It was really too bad about the collard greens, but mistakes happen - and we'll just have to try them (and the mac & cheese, ribs, brisket, cornbread, chili....) next time!Friend spent an unexpected couple of days in Philadelphia Hospital (America's first, apparently) and after two days without food he was desperate for some calories.
Couple brisket sandwiches to go with sides of collard greens and cornbread. Exactly what the doctor ordered. The bread was soft and just the right volume, brisket was so tender and flavorful.
Cornbread was also a winner. 
Little pricey, otherwise no complaints.Big fan of the new menu. HUGE. Congrats, Percy St, you've earned another star! I feel like a kindergarten teacher saying that.
I was pretty excited for this because the expiration of our $10 off RW coupons from Zahav coincided with: a night my Dining Club could meet, 100 opentable points, a looong day, and this foobooz article: http://philadelphia.foobooz.com/2013/03/19/percy-street-bbq-gets-a-new-menu/. Plus my (semi-vegetarian) friend was able to check Percy Street off her 50 best Philly Restaurants to-do list (courtesy of Philly Mag). Very productive dinner.
The new menu did not disappoint. I would highly recommend (in order of deliciousity):
-Pork Belly (crispy tender mapley scrumptiousness w/ crispy potato bread AND yolk)
- Mac and cheese (creamy, crusty, cheesy perfection)
-Spare Ribs (SO tender, and the pickled watermelon rind was...awesome)
-Sliced Brisket Sandwich (a bit small but SO good, tender, and the combo of pickled green tomatoes, sharp cheddar, and horseradish sauce was delectable)
-PECAN PIE-(yes, Percy St, I WOULD be proud to partake in your pecan pie)
-BBQ fries (fries, with tender brisket, and cheesity cheese. YUM)
-Chopped Salad (buttermilk dressing bath later, anyone?)
-Brisket Cobb (this was HUGE, really great though)
I think I just ran out of synonyms for delicious.
Although good, I would skip the avocado salad (just basically avocado), and poached shrimp (good, but not life-altering, the pickled veggies were a nice touch though).
My friends also had the deviled eggs (comes with three) and some drinks, because I was late, and really enjoyed them. They also got some pimento cheese from the kitchen while waiting, which was really good.
Alright that was all for four girls. Don't judge. There was even a coleslaw side too, and a satisfied kindavegetarian. Ok there was some moaning afterwards. We were stuffed, very satisfied, and departed with leftovers in hand.
To the new menu haters: The portions are smaller, yes, and there are only 2 smaller bbq sauces on your table now, but you are getting much more inventive and delicious BBQ options, for still a very decent price. With our $10 off coupons, it came to about $20 each with tax and tip (+ $7 for a drink), but I would have definitely spent $30 for everything we got.
Service was great, definitely check it out!Would of given them 5 stars cause the food was sooo good! But the hostess told us we had to wait 20 min because we didn't have a reservation. There were empty tables and came back 20 min later and sat at one of those empty tables. 
Funny that we couldn't just sit down and eat right away, the hostess didn't seem like she wanted to be there or make this place some money. We almost left but I had to try the brisket fry's! DeliciousAmbiance:   The dcor felt hip casual.  Dark stained wooden furniture everywhere.  The tables are preset with metal trays instead of chargers or place mats - it goes with the aesthetic.  Seems to be a family friendly restaurants, read - loud!  My table was sat next to a table of 15 (mostly kids running from seat to seat).  While that was annoying, it was easily overcome by the enjoyment of my tablemates.  It didn't make a difference to me, but many people seemed to be enjoying watching the sports coverage on the tvs.
Service:   The waiters were upbeat, cheerful and very attentive.  Because of our large parties there were several different waiters that would come and check in on our table, and they were all great.  The restaurant was very accommodating about taking reservations, last minute party number changes, and forgoing the cake cutting fee in exchange for no dessert.
Food:   I was in a party that shared The Lockhart - you get to try most of the sides and all of the meats.  It was fun to try out all the options.  Sides were:  cornbread (good), mac and cheese (great), potato salad (great), chopped salad (okay), beets (great), coleslaw (okay), collard greens (good), French fries (good), pinto beans (okay).  Meats were:  brisket (tasty and good texture), baby back ribs (drier than I am used to, but they were good and had a nice taste), pulled pork (okay), chicken (very nice flavor), pork belly (not as flavorful as I thought it would be), house smoked sausage (good, my favorite part was the snap of biting through the skin).
Overall:  I would recommend this restaurant.  It has a casual but upbeat vibe that I enjoyed.  The food is good and I would be happy to go again.Incredible High quality straight forward Texas BBQ.
It's that simple.
Not a Whiskey drinker really but the bourbons, rye etc are crazy available and they have a microbrewed rootbeer made by philadelphia brewing company that hands down rules and is better nowhere near me so I don't load up on the sugar.
I see how some people have bad things to say in some respects:
many people don't understand Texas style....many people look for that thick glaze sauce....
it has been salty....
the sides are nothing to be missed, soo good.
It is just a little over priced for what you get to a degree.
I understand the cost of producing this, but these guys have the ability to to charge a little more and supe it up and draw a crowd just on the name alone.
For the price, I guess I would still buy it over anyother place since it's good.
Sweet Lucy's used to be the best- they slipped as they grew...that simple.  Since thye are only marginally better value I guess I would park and get a little less for my money and enjoy it more at Percy.
GET THE PORK BELLY!!!!!!!!!!Went here over the weekend with 5 other guys.  We all ordered The Lockhart, which is a sampling of all their meats, sides and two apps.  The apps were the Mac n Cheese and Jalapeno Corn Bread.  The Mac n Cheese was delicious, they're topped with bread crumbs and its just really good.   The Corn Bread is also good, but has got quite the kick.  If you aren't into spicy, don't eat this.  I am into spicy so i ate a bunch of it.  As for the meats, the Ribs and Pulled pork were my favorite.  The Ribs have great bark on them and they only season their meats with Salt & Pepper.   The sausage was my 3rd favorite, not award winning, but good none the less.  The chicken, well, i didn't eat the chicken b/c I don't go to a BBQ place to have chicken.   I'm not a big pork belly guy but my friends who were liked it.   Their BBQ sauce selection is decent, could be better though.  The spicy BBQ sauce is right up my alley.  Their sweet sauce was way too sweet for me, but probably went well with the chicken.  Def tasted like there was Hoisin sauce in it.  The original sauce is tasty and should appeal to almost anyone.   For desert, the #1 winner was the Pecan Pie.  Very very good.   I'd review the sides, but since most of them were vegetables i didn't bother eating them.  I did have the German potatoes (my favorite of the sides), the sweet potatoes with marshmallow on top and the beans.   All were good.    Their canned beer and whiskey selection is also very good and reasonably priced.   I will def eat here again.All I can say is AMAZING!!! Best BBQ IN PHILLY PERIOD. If you want comfort food and causal dining this is it!!! Do yourself a favor and try this place. The ribs are perfectly cooked and seasoned. Great crazy beer selections. It's just perfect!From what I remember of this restaurant I thought the food was good. I ordered a mint julip and was not that impressed. I would probably go back.The waiter was very friendly. However the food is extremely over priced. 2.50$ for one yes only one bisket is a bit much. The food was good not the best. The bbq fries was the best part of the meal. And the free dip and crackers they give. Definitely not one of the beat food places in phillyBad stuff 1st.. its VERY overpriced
We're talking about BBQ after all.. served in plastic baskets and paper..not gourmet sushi. Portions are small for what you pay. Far better bang for buck elsewhere.. Sweet Lucy's..even Famous Dave's et al.
Food quality is good.. brisket and chicken were great. Slaw needs to be improved, more sweet potato stuff please. LOVE the canned beer selection.. and the whiskey.. very good. Atmosphere is perfect.. staff is friendly.Ok I  think I found a restaurant that can handle Restaurant Week crowds! Service was good , food was good and  we  were seated in an area  where the 14 of us  could talk and enjoy our meal. Drinks were good and the server Andrea was very attentive. My faves  mac and cheese, cornbread and all the meats. Desserts were average.No apple pie! It would have been perfect for this place!. I would suggest going elsewhere for dessert .Service was great our server was very knowledgeable about the menu and drinks.  We had a group of 4 hungry men so we got the Lockhart that is all the meats, sides and a dessert. All the meats were pretty good not excellent, the sides were good. I had the Pecan Pie for dessert suggested by our server and it was excellent. Overall it wasn't the worst BBQ but it wasn't the best.An awesome bbq place and an awesome beer selection. Two things I really enjoy. One note of caution. It gets high ratings for kids, a bit misleading. For a bbq place, the kids menu is mostly empty of bbq. Standard grilled cheese, hot dog, etc. You would expect at least chicken drumsticks or something other than the normal kids stuff you get anywhere. They won't even try help you out.  I shared my chicken with my daughter (I suppose I could thank them for the savings) as I'm not prepared to buy a $17 dinner for a 9 year old. Go there and eat good food. Don't expect much for your family though.I drove all the way from Queens, NY to have their Brisket and Corn bread. This place not only provides impeccable service, but their food is beyond delicious !! This place deserves nothing less than 5 stars !excellent brisket. true Texas-style smoked brisket. The pulled pork was ok, Corn bread was cornbread...nothing to dote on, and actually fairly dry. The German potato salad was a pleasant surprise. Very authentic. Just barely over the acidic threshold...enough to be the perfect palate cleanser.  I was a bit pissed to find I couldn't order a combo bbq platter for two, only four people. As it was just my girl and I, this was a letdown.
Had a "root beer" and a "manhattan", which were so friggin good. Obviously a true mixologist behind the bar. Someone that takes pride in their work. 
Awesome atmosphere, and top-notch service. Our waiter was excellent, and the manager. both were extremely knowledgeable and personable. Made us feel like friends. Well done fellas.We first found out about Percy Street BBQ from their segment on Diners, Drive-In's, and Dives on the Food Network. When we saw that they were participating in Philly Restaurant Week, we jumped at the chance to try it out. Percy Street has some great BBQ, but I would recommend this as a place to go with your buddies, rather then for a 'date night' with your lady.
Atmosphere - Very modern and slick feel when you walk into Percy Street. From the aged curio cabinet with fresh made sauces and other items, to the vastly extensive beer list posted, felt really great when we first walked in. Place was about 3/4 full when we first got there, and the different lighting and leather wrapped tables provided a great atmosphere for us to dine. My only issue was being seated directly up against the wall where my right arm could barely be used when some of the portions came out.
Waitstaff - Our waiter was really great and made our first visit enjoyable. Recommended the special price fixed menu for Restaurant Week and some good drinks to try while we were there. Was very quick about getting out apps, entrees, and even dessert after we had a chance to partake. Even made sure to give us our voucher for discounted parking at the nearby lot as needed for Restaurant Week without having to ask.
Food - I'm not going to lie, the food here for us was hit or miss. We started with the mac and cheese and cornbread appetizers. The mac and cheese was ok, nothing really special or different that I haven't tried before. The cornbread was also pretty good, but the jalapenos in it didn't allow my wife to enjoy it. I'm not sure where the trend has taken over for adding jalapenos to cornbread, but there's other places that don't do it where it comes out amazing, so I hope they can change back soon. For our meal, we had a sampler of the ribs, brisket, and chicken. These also paired with three of the homemade sauces for the restaurant. We really enjoyed the ribs, and I would recommend this as your go to option if it's a first visit. Meaty, juicy, and went perfectly with the blue and white labeled house sauces. Brisket was pretty good, but definitely had a bit more of a brine taste to it. If you like brisket, you'll love it, but can be a bit much if you're not a salty food fan. Chicken was juicy and tender as well, but if I'm going out for BBQ, I'm probably not going to order a chicken dish as needed. They have a very extensive selection of beers as well, so take your time and find one that you'd like to pair with your meal. We also went with the pecan pie for dessert which was a-may-zing! Definitely recommend splurging for it, and perfect sharing size for two if you're ending your night.
Intangibles - Bathrooms here were very, very clean. That's a nice thing to see, especially when you have to use them after or during your meal at any point. They have a promotion where if you buy five beers, you get the sixth free, although for the prices, you could do better just buying single serve beers outside the city. I wanted to try the Pork Belly Sandwich, so when I go back with the fellas, I'll have to see if that might raise the overall review score in the future. Parking garage is only two blocks away from the restaurant (park above the Super Fresh on South).
Overall - Percy Street BBQ definitely knows how to do BBQ, its just some of the simple and plain items that they make are a little too amped up. Again, quality beats quantity every time, so if they make a few fixes for the simple dining experience, this will easily be a four or five star rated place. I would definitely recommend it for a guys night out, bachelor party pre dinner, or any other time spent with the fellas.For the record I'm a little more critical when it comes to southern-style barbecue as I spent my college years in NC.  So when I heard that a new joint was opening in Philly I was eager to try it out.  Percy St. Barbecue has a cool backstory of its founders taking this roadtrip through Texas, studying how they do it there and forging to reproduce it in their own restaurant.  Pretty cool.  While the meats we had were very good (dry-rubbed chicken and brisket) the sides fell flat.  The beans were bland as was the slaw.  And they of course give you more of the (cheap) sides than the meat so the entrees on the whole were somewhat disappointing.
For a better no-nonsense barbecue experience I'd suggest Bebe's in the Italian Market.  You aren't going to sit and be served but the core staples are prepared better than at Percy's.We visited on the 4th of July and had a great time.
Note, we only ordered drinks at the bar but had a blast.
They had $3 beer specials! WHAT?!
Our bartender was super sweet, took our pic (typical tourists lol), and gave us a couple of beer cozies to take home.
A weird random thing happened : a bird somehow got into the restaurant and landed on a ladies head while she ate her meal while her dining partner casually swatted it away... hmmm...Great Food, and they have brisket French fries that are to die for we drove from Jersey and would do it again. My husband order a cucumber soda and it was really good. Even the homemade ice tea is refreshing, good atmosphere and music is good. Our waiter was attentive and nice. Percy's is a must when in Philly even with the bad parking.I'm not sure why these ratings are so good. I went with 6 other people and we were all pretty underwhelmed. The BBQ was nothing special. It was just meat. I didn't find anything wonderful about it. There were 7 of us and they give these little tiny bottles of BBQ sauce for us all to share... definitely not enough. The mac and cheese for kids was the same spicy mac and cheese they have for an appetizer. My 6 year old couldn't even eat it.  Then we ordered two pecan pies to go, came home and one was not pecan. Overall a very disappointing night for $175.This place is awesome. Has a great beer selection, great meat, and the prices are reasonable (well, for the sandwiches anyways). Pulled pork is a must!Saw this place on food networks diners, Drive ins, and dives. Was in Philly for the day and made a point of stopping in. Bbq was really good. The stand out c where the cornbread and the collard greens. Both were totally off the hook. Saw a plate of biscuits go by and wish we had ordered those, too. Price was $14 for a BBQ sandwich, and replace the fries with the greens or cornbread for just $2Second visit here.  First trip was rather underwhelming.  This trip will be my last.  Amazingly disappointing.
My wife had the ribs and upgraded the order to full rack so there would be more to share.  Ribs were dry and tough.How can they not know how to keep them juicy and "Pull (not fall) of the bone".  Had to use about 1/2 bottle of BBQ sauce on 3 ribs. I had the Brisket Sammie with horseradish mayo and sharp cheddar. Brisket was dry and smoky. Tasted like plain mayo - didn't taste any horseradish on whole sandwich.  Only tasted cheese in one bite of the whole sandwich. Very good smoky crust on ribs and brisket is about the only good thing I can say about the ribs and brisket.
Daughter had the Grilled cheese.  Don't call it "Grilled Cheese" if you don't fcuking grill it!
Wife did say the bathrooms were the cleanest she has ever seen!
My Ratings:
5* - Unfreaking believable.  Just the thought of going makes me drool.
4* - Very good. Would recommend to anyone.  Would be happy returning again. 
3* - Meh
2* - Not very good. Would only return if there were no other options.
1* - I know its arrogant to say it, but they should really close up shop. They've proved to me they don't give a sh@t.Ali E. invited this aspiring yelper to the yelp elite event tonight at Percy St.  Although the brisket tastes a little fattier than I remember it, they completely repaired the mac and cheese from the time of my last review.  Seemed I wasn't the only one concerned that it just didn't stand up to the rest of the food.  This version was a little sharp, a little salty, and a lot tasty.  I'm still holding back on the 5th star till a proper revisit.You can't go wrong here and staff is incredibly friendly. Always a good experience. We get dinner here often. I used them for an important client recently and we are using them again to cater a lunch next week.Just left from my first, of what will be many visits to Percy Street Barbecue!  Sat at the bar and the bartender was chipper and welcoming.  I ordered the brisket, mac and cheese, the avocado salad, and a sweet tea.  
The brisket was ok, but I guess I am just use to a specific type of brisket.  The various sauces - sweet, tangy, and hot - added a lot to the brisket.  Really enjoyed the sweet sauce.  
But for me, it was the mac and cheese and the avocado salad that made the meal great.  They use breadcrumbs on the top of the mac and cheese which added a nice crunch.  and the avocado salad was simple and actually had real chunks of avocado (I know, crazy, huh)!  
Moving to the neighborhood and I think that'll be a great place to take folks visiting before hitting the various bars and hot spots in the area!Found this by mistake, and what a fortunate mistake it was! A unique atmosphere combined with great food and staff. 
Weekday Happy Hour from open to 6pm! 
Recommend the Mac'nCheese and the Pulled Pork!The ribs were very good but not a fan of the cole slaw or the greens. The greens needed a little more spice to them. I would go again mostly for the ribs and the chicken which I heard was very good. Nice staff and the atmosphere is pretty cool as well. Oh and the key lime pie was just ok. But I would say go for the meat :)Percy Street did such a fabulous job with the Yelp elite event that when I was thinking of large group dining- ie bday celebration- it was the first place I thought of. What could be a better way to celebrate a bday than loads and loads of meat. I'm a little dismayed to give it three stars but keep reading.. So the reservation was for 7 but we ended up with 9. The place was fairly empty, so accommodating another 2 was no problem, but the host informed me that everyone would have to order the Lockhart ($24 for all meats, sides and a dessert). I didn't want to force people into ordering some giant meat of rama and I had brought along possibly the best chocolate cake I've ever had from one of my fave bakeries.. Ahh!!!! 
After a little discussion with the owner, host, etc.. they were nice enough to let us order a la carte off the menu (it was pretty empty so sending us off to the cold might have been a bad business idea), however, they told us they usually don't allow outside desserts and would be charging us a plating charge. Fine- whatevs!! It was really my fault for not figuring this out beforehand, but the whole thing was awkward and the host seemed super annoyed with me. thank god for liquor. Everyone was busy ordering booze and paid no attention to this small mishap. 
So getting down to what's really important- the food!!! First things first our server was fantastic. There were all of 4 tables occupied in the entire restaurant so we definitely had his undivided attention.. For food I had the chicken and pork belly with a side of German potato salad and black eyed peas salad. The sides were delic, chicken was good, and the pork belly- scary!! It was ghastly white and more reminiscent of pure fat than meat. The BBQ sauce was delic and I had the chance to try a few other sides and meats (mac and cheese- awesome!! and brisket-also super good).. 
They did an awesome job with the cake (although I was charged an extra $20 for plating- I was warned).. Sooo dinner was super fun, food was pretty good- why the 3?? Here it is- I got super nauseous after the meal. TMI, but I had crampy ab pain and nausea- ughh!! I've seen enough of it in the ER to know the real deal.. It could happen anywhere, so I wouldn't discourage people from going here and I love BBQ and would certainly go to Percy again- really I see it as a freak random incident but that's the reason for the three...Went to Percy street bbq last night for my bachelor dinner,  with a party of 9. Called ahead and made reservations and we were seated immediately. To sum it all up, it was incredible. Great service from our waitress, drinks came out quick. We got the deviled eggs, mac n cheese, pork belly, brisket fries, cornbread and oysters & grits for the appetizers. Everything was incredible, especially the brisket fries which will forever ruin fries for me because nothing will ever taste as good as these. 
Main course we did the lockhart for the whole table. Which consisted of brisket, ribs, chicken and all of the sides. My personal favorite was the baked beans with burnt ends, and the german potato salad, both outstanding. Meat was spot on also, perfect bark, nice smokey flavor, juicy meat. Absolutely incredible. 
Ended the night with a slice of pecan pie which was also amazing, and a yards root beer that they have on tap. I will be coming here again without a doubt in the near future.What I liked:  super awesome moist and smokey brisket, pretty good pulled pork, good coleslaw and potato salad, great and attentive service, nice relaxed atmosphere, good cocktails
What I didnt like:   You should be able to make a combo meal for 2 where you get to sample the different meats.   This is only offered on the menu for a party of 4.  This greatly disappointed me.   The jalapeno cornbread was pretty dry.   I also felt it was a bit overpriced for BBQ.  
I'd go again, for the brisket alone.Alright, on second try the brisket sliders turned out to be pretty darn good... and the mac & cheese is still bangin.  I sampled a few things at the Yelp party - the brisket, beans, chicken salad, the cocktails, and a few of the desserts... and they were all very good.  While I still can't say I've legitimately sat down at a table and ordered, I think I'll raise my rating by one for the food.  Very good stuff.The BBQ is pretty ok, as are the sides. Service was acceptable. Prices a tad high. The noise level is nearly insufferable. And, where else in the entire world do they charge for an iced tea refill? Find some class, fellas.After the first bite of the delicious pulled pork sandwich, I was swept back to time spent sitting on the porch, eating home-cooked bbq, sipping sweet tea in my backyard down in Memphis, which is weird because I grew up in Baltimore.  That's the power of the barbecue that this place has to offer.
Before I get to the food, let me mention the portions, because I am a MAN and I eat MEAT until the animals recognize my superiority.  But I left this place so full I could barely walk.  I hope animals are familiar with Pyrrhic victories.
Anyways, on to the food.  We started with the BBQ fries and my god, they were unbelievable.  I don't know how it's even possible to describe the complex melange of ingredients and flavors exploding in my mouth, so I'll give it my best shot: they were cheese fries covered with brisket.  These were hands down the best brisket cheese fries I've ever had, and what the hell rest of the world, take a hint and catch up, because these were also the ONLY brisket cheese fries I've ever had.  
Next we split the pulled pork and the pork belly sandwich.  Let me tell you, these people know what's up when they're making meat - both sandwiches were tender and flavorful.  There was enough pulled pork to make extra sandwiches and really experiment with the great sauces they give you.  The pork belly sandwich had a lot going on for it too, including a good amount of cilantro.  Definitely give the sauces a try, they each add a different quality to the meats.
Finally, we got the mac and cheese.  Oh my god!  Best mac and cheese I've had in a long time, creamy and rich and almost impossible to stop eating.  As a complement to the meal, it was absolutely delightful; as a compliment to the chef, your mac and cheese was absolutely delightful.
All in all, very happy with the experience and the food.  I can't even pin why it's not 5 stars, but you just KNOW when you're at a five-star place, and this was just a smidge below.  But who are you kidding, you snob, you should go here anyways because it's a delicious barbecue meal that was one of the better ones I've ever had.I saw Percy Street one night on a TV cooking show and was pumped to give it a try.  My wife and I found ourselves in Philly today, so I made it a point to stop by for lunch.  I was really looking forward to some good BBQ, but Percy Street fell a little short.  
I got the chopped brisket sandwich.  There was a ton of chopped brisket on the sandwich, however as soon as you start eating it, a large portion of the brisket falls out.  Not a big deal, however, the bun is pretty standard, and once the juices/bbq sauce (mostly sauce) start to seep out, it starts to wilt pretty quickly and fall apart.  The brisket wasn't bad, but was pretty salty.  The sandwich comes with coleslaw and  you can pick a side, I opted for the burnt end baked beans.  The coleslaw was lightly pickled, but didn't have much flavor.  The burnt end baked beans were ok, but incredibly salty.  I get bbq can be a tad on the salty side, but these were a bit over the top.  After 3 or 4 spoon fulls I had to put them aside.  
My wife got a chopped salad (imo a sin at a bbq joint, but whatever), but did add the brisket to the salad.  The salad looked good, the brisket had a nice bark, but looked a little over done, not much red to be seen in the center.  I tried a piece and it seemed really dry.  I'ma big fan of Hill Country bbq who has the option to get moist brisket, which is absolutely mind blowing.  Percy Street fell way short.  
The service was good and attentive, they have a huge beer list as well as whiskeys and bourbons.  The prices were reasonable, but overall I thought the food fell way short of my expectations, especially given the high reviews and praise they typically receive for their food.  The inside of the restaurant is nice with a pleasant atmosphere, but given the mediocre food, I wouldn't make a trip back.This review may be swayed by the fact that Percy Street was just so hyped for me. Everyone told me if you love BBQ, you gotta check out Percy Street. I guess I should have went years ago, as the expectations outdid my experience, which is very unfair.
The mac&cheese was awesome for sure, and all of the food was solid, but just not great. To go along with this, the place was absolutely packed and the servers were overwhelmed and understaffed that night. So all-in-all, this may have just been one of those "off" nights.The ribs were nicely smoked. They were good, not great. The sauces have root beer in them, so tasty. But you cannot go there with out trying the pork belly with the salt cured egg. It was more then unbelievable.I LOVE this place! The food was phenomenal! We ordered a ton of different dishes and drinks, and everything was fabulous. Definitely get the ribs, burger, and deviled eggs. The service was great too- it wasn't too loud or hectic in there, and I loved the decor. Highly recommend!A cute place, but the food was not memorable at all. There's a pretty big selection of food and beer, and it's a nice space, but nothing stood out. I guess if you want to go, just have some beers, the pork belly, and some sides. Get the mac and cheese and potato salad.Very busy and happening so took over an hour to get a table, but it was an hour well spent sampling the excellent selection of Whiskey's and Rye at the bar.  The manager bought us a round for our wait and then stopped by our table several times to make sure everything was great.  That kind of manager attention was much appreciated.
My table had the brisket, sausage, chicken, Mac 'n Cheese, and ribs -- all exceeded our expectations.  For me the true measurement is the brisket and it  compares well to my favorite BBQ place, Rudy's in Austin TX.  
Excellent addition to Philly, we will be making this place a regular.Found this randomly on Yelp and decided to check it out. I was glad I checked it out. I had the pulled pork sandwhich and really liked it. Great place to go in the summer with the outside seating and is in a great location down Penns Landing area. I tend to visit this place whenever I'm in the area.Much cheaper than a drive to Texas, Percy Street BBQ offers some darned good cooking all served up in a fun atmosphere on South Street. Once you sit down, you are presented with a bottle of water for your table and a roll of paper towels (which, if you are doing things properly, will probably need). Your BBQ adventure starts of with an amuse bouche of saltine crackers and pimento cheese spread. A yummy way to get your taste buds moving. You would be remiss not to start off with an appetizer of the turkey tails, or my favorite, the biscuit basket with delicious green tomato jam. As far as the main entrees, you really can't go wrong here with the meat platters but my favorites are the brisket, all moist and juicy, and the succulent, smoky ribs that are full of flavor. I enjoy most of the sides, especially the beans, the collard greens, and the potato salad, but if you are new in town, by all means order the Lockhart. It's the way to go because you get brisket, chicken, and ribs, along with collard greens, cole slaw, baked beans, and potato salad. Don't worry if you can't eat it all because Percy Street will package it up nicely for you to take hime and they will throw in containers of their three different BBQ sauces. And make sure to save room for dessert because the key lime and pecan pies are the best in town, or for that matter, possibly anywhere else.When I moved to Philly in 2010, I noticed a severe lack of BBQ options in the city. One of the few bright spots in this drought of slow-cooked porcine/bovine goodness? Percy Street BBQ. I took the GF here on one of our earlier dates and remember enjoying their pulled pork, brisket, and ribs. 
The vibe is certainly laid back at Percy Street BBQ - Happy Hour features drinks with a heavy emphasis on bourbon and well-priced dishes from the kitchen including turkey tails and BBQ fries! The music is an eclectic mix of Supertramp to The Meters.   
So with a paper towel on the rack and a jug of water on hand, let's dig in! 
Pimento Cheese 
Our meal started off with complimentary pimento cheese spread in place of bread service. Perfect start to a proper Southern meal.
Restaurant Week [$35 for two]
Brisket, Ribs, Chicken, Mac n Cheese, Cornbread, Collard Greens, Pinto Beans, Coleslaw, German Potato Salad
It was restaurant week in Philly earlier this year and Percy Street BBQ was offering what was essentially their Lockhart deal at a steal (normally $19.50 pp). They even offered to sub out a meat selection for pulled pork, but we opted to go with the standard offerings. In addition to the RW menu, as you can always expect with me, there were a few supplemental a la carte add-ons that I couldn't help but order. FYI - I've listed the a la carte pricing for all items.
Skillet Cornbread [$5]
Cheddar, jalapeno
This is one (of many) must orders. In fact, I was inspired to try my own hand at baking these a few weeks later, though they were nowhere near as good. Percy Street BBQ's iteration was incredibly flaky, moist, and cheesy - there was some heat from the jalapeno that was a nice complement as well. I could easily eat a pan of these.
Crispy Pork Belly & Oyster Stew [$9]
This was an a la carte addition and what an addition it was. Easily one of my favorite bites in Philly (yes, I'm putting it on par with Vetri's spinach gnocchi), this was a generous meld of unctuous pork belly that were crisped to provider great texture, interspersed with a rich broth filled with oysters, potatoes, peas, and carrots. I almost wanted to end the meal there because I couldn't imagine any bite being better.
BBQ Brisket Fries [$8 / $5 Happy Hour]
Brisket, cheddar sauce
Happy Hour at Percy Street BBQ is from 5 to 6PM and offerings include 1/2 price Wild Turkey Rye and $5 chicken biscuits, turkey tails, and of course, BBQ brisket fries. The fries were crisp and well-seasoned, with cheddar sauce interspersed throughout and moist, succulent pulled brisket piled on top. Need a reason to stop by for happy hour? Here it is.
Mac & Cheese [$6]
Cabot extra sharp cheddar
Regular readers know that mac n cheese is a must in this belly's repertoire. This was a great rendition, creamy, with sharp cheddar notes providing some bite. The upper crust was as expected - nicely crusted and provided texture.
Brisket, Chicken, & Ribs
The meats were served on one plate - piled high. The ribs were succulent and sweet. Several BBQ sauces were on hand, but were rendered almost unnecessary as the ribs speak for themselves. The chicken was juicy as well, with the skin rendered down crisp. Both lean and 'moist' cuts of brisket were offered and it's clear that the low and slow method is used here - not overly perfumed with smoke, the meat was fall-apart tender. Huge cuts of Texas toast were also on offer, with an onion marmalade jam littered atop. House-made pickles and watermelon radishes were provided as accoutrements, a nice attempt at providing a countervailing balance to the heft of this platter. But let's be real - you're seeking a proper food coma when the dish is ordered.
German Potato Salad [$4]
Warm bacon vinaigrette
This was definitely one of my favorite warm potato salads - creamy with bacon essence balanced by the acidity of the vinegar. Get a bowl, sit back, and inhale. 
Coleslaw [$3]
Red cabbage, sesame, apples
The cole slaw had bite, with the sesame providing additional texture and the apples providing some sweetness to balance out the light vinegar-mayo base.
Collard Greens [$4]
Smoked ham hocks
The collards were cooked down well and nicely smoky, accented by crisp bits of ham. If all veggies were like this, I would have more on my dinner table.
*** REVIEW TO BE CONTINUED ***Its been a while since my visit but here is what I remember- delicious sweet tea, pork belly and mac n cheese.  We sat outside on a beautiful day and just enjoyed some comfort food and south st.I love some BBQ but I left hungry and actually went to Monks after and got a Apple Chicken Sausage sandwich and a Gulden Drake.  I heard great things about Percy St only to be disappointed. 
Server took roughly 10mins to come to the table.  Our Drinks came roughly 10mins after that.  The server never stopped back by the table.  
I ordered the P.S.T.  Sandwich which sounds delightful and consists of Pork Belly.  I lived in the South and I've had pork belly for years and I love it.  I also know it is fatty but I normally work my way around the grizzle.  Let me say that there was no meat on my sandwich.  It was all Fat.  I was amazed that someone would actual try and serve this crap for $12 not to mention the portion of grizzle wasn't all that much either.  
I will give this place another try and update my review.  I had a taste of my friends Brisket and that was quite good.  My Pinto Beans, Mac & Cheese, and German Potato salad were quite good.Hello all. 
I'm typing this as I sit in Percy St. BBQ.   If you're wondering what you should eat tonight, wonder no more!  Come to this place. I'll say it again...come to this f******* place to eat. This place has kick ass BBQ, good beer, and it's a very relaxing atmosphere. The music is amazing. Think of the one thing in life that you're good at. The one thing that you love to do, that makes you happy, and makes life worth it. The food here is better than that. Point blank. Eat here and you'll be happy.Not knock you off your feet fantastic BBQ, but still pretty good.This place is super delicious!!! Nom nom nom! We went with the deal that was 24 bucks per person, including brisket, ribs, and chicken along with 4 sides (collard greens, potato salad, beans, and we subbed Cole slaw for cornbread), and it was amazing! At first, when the food came out, we thought it looked small, but between the 3 of us, we had trouble finishing it!
Everything was delicious, and they brought out crackers for us to snack on while we waited, along with 3 different sauces (from sweet to spicy). 
The servers were friendly and helpful, but maybe a bit overbearing. We had people coming by every 5 minutes basically to refill our water (that's cool) or literally to take stuff Away the second we had a dirty napkin or some trash. Although it was a nice gesture I suppose, it was a little unnecessary. 
I liked the drink selection, and grabbed a yards root beer to wash it all down with and for a touch of sweetness. I would come here again for sure next time I'm looking for BBQ! 
P.s. Definitely get the cornbread! Amazing!Always wanted to go here n after years of say it was worth the wait...if not during restaurant week I'd say come during meat week. I'm assuming since they didn't partake in this most recent restaurant week that they may not in the future which is fine as the meat week deal is just as good. $20 a head for starter cornbread and Mac and cheese with the main meal being an assortment of the pulled pork, chicken, n brisket along with the greens, potato salad n pinto beans...the sauces are clearly what enhances the meal but even without the meats were very good.  The beans, the pulled pork, the chicken, n Mac n cheese were all very good!  When the orders came out I was thinking 'man we should of ordered more' since it's not all you can eat. They just simply provide you with the single serving portioned for the group which turned out just fine.   I do wish I stayed longer to try out more of the whiskey/bourbon selection. I had the dads hat pa rye which was ok and given their selection know I have to go back again for more meat week or notThat was some damn good bbq.  
Its taste reminded me of a campfire or wood stove.  So succulent and delicious.  
Plus, they have the seemingly impossible ability to mix lean with moist brisket ON THE SAME PLATE.  Go ahead and try that one El Camino Real...
Seriously, this place was good and it had a good vibe.  The staff was on point and it was overall a decent value.  
Nicely done.I came to Percy Street BBQ for a Yelp event.  The food is pretty tasty.  The brisket and chicken salad sandwiches/sliders are delicious.  I loved the baked pinto beans, mac n cheese, and pork belly.  The pecan pie and banana pudding were good, too, though strangely different than what one might traditionally expect.
Overall, this place is fun!I've been to Percy Street several times since my first experience but my most recent trip is worth an update. There is a new pork belly appetizer. Experience this. Run, don't walk. Pork belly with maple syrup, potato bread, and a cured egg yolk. Who knew??? In-credible. I had this and the brisket fries. I have a feeling I could eat this meal every day and still not tire of it ...
We were also comped an amazing chocolate banana bread pudding with cinnamon ice cream and peanut butter sauce for dessert. I'll take a vat of the peanut butter sauce to go, please. It will initially distress my husband when I add it to every meal but he'll get used to this new quirk eventually. It MIGHT give the peanut butter sauce at Franklin Fountain a run for its money. Chef O'Shea, you are my new crush.Best Mac and cheese i ever had.  Brisket is a no-brainer. I find the baskets along with the masking tape labeled sauce bottles a little tacky but if they are going for true to Southern style BBQ i'm guessing small details like that up the authenticity factor. Didn't have dessert but I look forward to returning.Came here with a bunch of co-workers.  We ordered a bunch of different apps, beers, and entrees with different sides as well.  Everything was just awesome - it's the type of food that you stop caring if you look like a slob because you'd rather loose your dignity than avoid eating the delicious items in front of you at a scarfing pace.  Amazing beer selection to get you there.You really can't go wrong here. Knowledgable and helpful servers will steer you in the right direction, and the food surpasses expectations. Pricey, but worth it.Sweet tea in a mason jar?! I'm sold. 
Stopped in here for a late snack and sampled some smaller things. BBQ fries?! AMAZING! Fries, cheese, and brisket... how can you go wrong? The skillet cornbread might be the best ever. The deviled eggs were on the bland side. But that's okay, they do the important things right.Percy St BBQ is another fantastic restaurant from Mike Solomonov and partner Steve Cook. These guys just make great investments and the products are rewarding.
Obviously this is not a dive, hole-in-the-wall bbq joint that you'd find in the South, Texas, or Kansas City. It is an artisanal barbeque joint with precision and the prices reflect that.
For two people, expect to pay around $40-60 if you get appetizers and beers. Honestly, skip the appetizers. I've had the cornbread and bbq fries, and while both are good, you won't finish your entree if you get these. If you go with a group, go for it.
I've been twice and have had the pork belly, pulled pork, and brisket. I am fond of the brisket, because it's the best I've tasted anywhere. A good pulled pork is easy to come by, and thus Percy's is no exception. Both these products are smoky, succulent, and great with any of the three different sauces: hot mess, spicy, and sweet. 
I would probably avoid the pork belly. I didn't think it was that great the time I had it, and the sandwich is the least interesting of the other options.
The side dishes are pretty good, I liked the collard greens and burnt end beans the best. Their fries are crispy but the seasoning is not my favorite. Collard greens are vegetarian, with no ham hock, and taste excellent. Probably my favorite collard greens in Philly. The burnt end beans are just awesome tasting. I could eat these alone and be satisfied. Consider these!
The happy hour is pretty solid with half-price cans or drafts, I think cans make the beer taste better and colder, contrary to popular misconceptions!
Go for a night at Percy St, you won't be disappointed.Combo plates are awfully light on the meat.  If you are meat-hungry I would recommend ordering meat by the lb.
Order of yum factor:
--brisket (love the dry rub; dont go lean here--they give you a choice of moist or lean, and you mos def want the juicy fatness of the cut to come through--this was easily the star of the show)
--beans (these are certainly NOT vegetarian, and I mean that in a good way)
--pork belly/ribs/sausage (the rest of the meat had the right flavor, but was missing a certain metaphysical girth.  The ribs are spare ribs? really? really? Theyre good, but honestly, they were not fatty or juicy enough.
The waitress was kind of a ditz. She seemed incredibly preoccupied, which is fine if you are giving massages, but not when you are taking drink orders.Amazing ribs!! Did takeout with a few friends and I chose the ribs which were amazing! Friend's pork belly sandwich had me salivating too, looked and tasted so good! (I'm not even a fan of pork belly!). The pulled pork was slightly disappointing though....  It usually tastes better but it was just dry.. and dry. But my ribs were still so amazing that I'm giving them 5 stars! (Just don't get pulled pork!)My wife and I stopped in after dropping our daughter and friends at a concert.  Looking for casual place and good BBQ we found Percy.  We showed up early for our reservation and they worked to get us in early.  Had a couple drinks at the bar, she had a good Shiraz and I had the Woodchuck Green Apple for the first time.  Not bad, light and a little sweet.
After sitting down, we started (based on reading reviews) on the Mac n cheese and BBQ pork fries.  The Mac n cheese was very good, really rich and creamy and the crispy bread crumb topping was great.  The fries were also good but thought they should have more fries and should put the BBQ on then the cheese.  We didn't let that stop us from scrapping the bottom of the basket...
My wife had the brisket, moist option.  I was really good, little fatty (being the moist part of the equation) also felt it was a little salty but overall was very good.  I had the spare ribs.  These were bigger than I expected and very flavorful and tender.  Although I couldn't finish them, I was very happy to take them home!  Our favorite sauce was their traditional.  Really good balance and flavor. The spicy had a chipotle bite to it and I liked it too.
We split a piece of key lime pie for dessert.  Not bad but not great.  Lacked the zip of key limes, needed a bit more "tart"
Solid 3 1/2 stars.  We'd certainly go back!I used to LOVE LOVE LOVE Percy Street! It was my go-to place for a drink or a great meal. However, they changed chefs and owners and now it's terrible! 
I would get the same thing every time, pork belly platter with sweet potato and beans. You can't get that now. You can't get a platter of anything! WHAT THE HELL? They used to have lovely pickles and onions with every dish, now they don't. They even changed the recipe on the deviled eggs. 
What is worse, is you get much less food yet the prices are higher. 
What a disappointment. There aren't a lot of places where Gluten Free people can eat a whole meal... Percy Street used to be a place I could go. It's a shame!The food was great, straightforward BBQ. The service was quick as friendly and the drinks were good if a little pricey. 
Would definitely come again! Order the Mac and cheese!The food was perfect BBQ. Our server Ben was the best. And the drinks were a perfect harmony of sweet and gin.We'd been to the Magic Gardens and were starving, BUT our group included a vegan, a few vegetarians, and some omnivores. Percy Street was recommended to us by someone at Magic Gardens, indicating that they had some great options. As the vegan in the group, I loved the Smoked Beet and Grapefruit Salad (minus the farmers cheese), and the Vegan Black Bean Chili! Everything was delicious and everyone was happy and satisifed that we could ALL eat different things in the same restaurant!We went here for a birthday. Three of us got the brisket and we all felt really sick that night. The other 2 enjoyed their meals. Aside from getting sick, my meal wasn't the best BBQ I have had and I was a little disappointed. Oddly enough, the brisket had almost a chemical smoke taste when I was eating it and I only finished half. It wasn't the sweet tender brisket I have had in the past. It's not cooked in BBQ sauce so you have to put on the sauce which makes it cold and not very appetizing. 
When I think of BBQ, I think of generous portions and let's face it, I am looking for some unhealthy sides. I don't think this is the type of place where they need to take it easy on the sauces, mayo, cheese, butter, etc. They could improve the side by making them a little more "hearty". Also, I understand the kitsch of giving customers saltine crackers with cheese as a starter but I just didn't find it amusing. Perhaps cornbread or whatever I can't immediately get by looking in the back of my grandparents cupboard. I don't think I would be allowed to come here even if I tried, since the 3 of us all got sick. Fool me once...With all they hype, was really expecting much better. Ordered all 3 meat platters and three different sides. Plus an additional mac 'n cheese.
The only really decent, quite delicious food was the smoked brisket and the mac. The ribs and the chicken were overcooked and incredibly dry. We sent the ribs back, but the second batch wasn't much better. The sides were all disappointing. The collards were over salted and not well cooked, the beans were on par with canned beans, not bad but nothing very enjoyable either, and the cornbread was dry, pretty tasteless and a little too baked. So sorry to point out the emperor's nudity, but I think the place is overrated.This might help the prior reviewer - Percy Street has changed concepts since it opened.  While it was never a dive and it's always been pricey, PSB did aim to reproduce authentic Texas-style barbecue here in Philly when it first opened and it succeeded.  It was really good.  Nowadays, PSB serves nouveau bbq and the prices have gone even higher.  While the smoking still seems to be authentic and the kitchen is capable of producing amazing food (check out the special grits with shitake mushrooms and shredded parmesan to find out what I'm talking about) I'm somewhat over Percy Street.  My brisket sandwich last night was pre-sauced (not cool) and tasted like a smoky sloppy joe.  The cole slaw was limp and tired and the beans were hard.  You can get fairly authentic and more reliable barbecue down the street at Dickey's for one-third of the price.No one is more upset with this review than me. But being out of ribs on a Saturday night, or ever, is an unforgivable sin and automatic and immediate four star deduction.  The 11th commandment is "though shalt not be out of ribs if thouest servest ribseth." There is a whole foods and an acme across the street. Send one of the do-nothing employees to go buy up whatever ribs they have and then *do your work* (read in Bane voice). 
I know there is not even a 1% chance Michael Solomonov is reading this, but if anyone who knows him is reading this, please implore him to buy it back and it get it in order. Help me Michael Solomonov, you're my only hope.
EDIT: Okay I politely requested/demanded a free dessert because they didn't have ribs and the server readily agreed. So one extra star.I have been to Memphis and Texas so I know good BBQ. 
The BBQ is good y'all and the salad with chicken and buttermilk dressing...have mercy! Drinks are great, Service is good and Yum Yum Yum. 
If I had one thing I would change it would be some of the side choices need a little tweaking.I've been to percy street a handful of times at this point, but it just seems like a glorified BBQ joint without really amazing BBQ. I came for the "meat week" special with a few friends and tried a little bit of everything on the sampler platter but it all fell just a bit flat. I've also come on other occasions and ordered the pulled pork and ribs, but usually the temperature of the meat is never as hot as I would like and a little bland, although their mac and cheese and cornbread are actually pretty good. It's also really pricey for how small the portions are (~$25.00+ per person). I think I'd opt for a more authentic BBQ joint for half the price next time I'm craving some ribs.Following the advice of Anthony Bourdain or was it Guy Fieri... well following the advice of one of my favorite tv show hosts, I planned a trip to Percy Street BBQ. Was it worth the 2 hour drive to Philadelphia? Well.... Yes and No. 
Yes, the food was delicious and the portions were the right size. The atmosphere was fun and open. 
No, the food wasn't much different than what we have at Brother Jimmy's here in NYC. It wasn't different from any other barbecue joints I've gone to before.I ate here for the 1st time a few Wednesday's ago. We got seated right away. Food is delish. There wasn't no room for dessert. If you go in between 5&6pm they have $3 Fries appetizer which was amazing. They had beef brisket & like a white creamy cheese on them. They had a whiskey drink for half off which was strong but that's ok I like my whiskey. (Thanks grand pop) The service was good to my only complaint was that when the waitress asked if this was our 1st time there & we said yes & she explained how they cook their meat she said it too fast & walked away. Also the hostess keep staring at our table & I seen the hostess in the bathroom & she was staring at me in there also. All in all it was good though. I'll differently be back for the food.Nice restaurant and nice atmosphare...a little bit loud though. 
For the food:
Great bbq fries and great brisket
Coleslaw -okay
greens -good
bbq sauces -okay
I thought the sides and sauces were a little bit too bland...
Service: friendly/ professionalCame here with a bunch of co-workers.  We ordered a bunch of different apps, beers, and entrees with different sides as well.  Everything was just awesome - it's the type of food that you stop caring if you look like a slob because you'd rather loose your dignity than avoid eating the delicious items in front of you at a scarfing pace.  Amazing beer selection to tantalize the tastebuds and keep get you there.This is some mighty fine bbq, woohoo wheeeee the ribs  are out of this world , love the chicken myt fine cooking all around... Staff was outstanding friendly and overall fine people... Seymore says he will definitely return....Eh nothing special. Ribs taste like a smoked ham. Wish I could shave them and make a ham and cheese on white bread. 
Sandwiches ok. 
Good service but dfntly some better tasting BBQ in townThe ambiance of this place is super warming. Country/southern theme and feels like you're at home. Unfortunately, I will never come back to this place do not recommend it. The service was super amazing (there were always other servers coming to our table to fill our water or checking in on us) but the food was just "whatever."
The biscuits were $6 for four baby fist size biscuits. Honestly, they were nothing special - I did not like them but my sister did like them. Take that as you will! The shell of the biscuit were harder than ideal and tasted over cook. The biscuit tasted a bit dry - maybe they cooked the biscuits with too little butter. Not sure but the texture was just poor. The jam was a gooseberry jam which wasn't overwhelmingly sweet, but I felt like cheese spread for the complementary saltine crackers paired better with the biscuits than the jam. 
We ordered: pulled pork sandwich with cornbread and 1/2 lb pork rack of ribs with French fries. 
Pulled pork: This was pretty good and I would recommend the dish. The pulled pork had a savory tasted but was perfectly balanced with a hint of sweetness. The pork was dried out nicely and had a clear sauce to add more flavor to it. The coleslaw didn't have too much mayo and paired perfectly with the pork. However, I wouldn't even bother asking for the bun wth the sandwich. It's a cheap potato bun that wasn't able to hold the meat, slaw and pulled pork sauce. I would recommend this order without the bun.
French fries: this is a great side to go with! The fries weren't cut super thin and have an excellent crispness to them. The fries are sprinkled with some bbq salt and give the fries a nice bang!
Cornbread in small cast iron: whack. My little sister who loves cornbread and gets it everywhere she goes, disliked it. The cornbread was dry and didn't taste like much. The texture was also overly crumbly.
Pork ribs: smelled super delicious but to our surprise, they weren't very yummy. The meat did not fall off the ribs very easily. As a matter of fact, my little sister and I had a hard time chewing the meat. Not sure if it was overcooked or something but for a bbq place, this was so disappointing.
Overall, I would not come back to this place. We were visiting philly and wanted to do the traditional cheesesteaks but came here bc of the ratings and reviews. I'm sad that we ended our trip to philly with such a disappointing meal. I'm not sure if it's the items we ordered that were a miss, but how could that many items be cooked so poorly? Not sure if this was due to the chef working that night? This makes me super sad because the service was so great.Feed me ribs until I burst! I came here during Restaurant Week and I got to taste a little bit of everything. So here are my ratings, in case you don't make it to RW or your just indecisive on the menu.
The Meats:
#1 - Ribs - They had almost a teryaki/bbq glaze, that was angelic when it grazed your lips. They were moist, cooked to perfection.
#2 - Pulled Pork - Nice and moist, I hate when the pulled pork is lathered in some crappy bbq sauce or too dry...this was neither. It came out in all it's glory and you could add the flavors of sauce u liked or skipped that completely.
#3 - Chicken - I would actually skip the chicken altogether, I mean with options like brisket, ribs and pulled pork, why waste it on boring chicken?
The Sides (options 1- 3 are actually tied in awesomeness): 
#1 - Mac n' cheese - creamy, with a crunchy top - tastes like Southern goodness.
#2 - Vinegar potatoes - I've never had these before, but were a perfect compliment to the meats. They were tart, with a little bit of onions and wayyy better than any potato salad I've ever had, and you don't miss the mayo.
#3 - Baked beans - Has big pieces of meats in it, the beans come in a thick broth, so the beans are not watery like in a lot of places. They could probably be a full meal on their own, I seriously opted to eat a cup of these instead of the chicken.
#4 - Jalapeno cornbread - this was a pleasant surprise! I normally like my cornbread sweet, and thought I would hate this, but I could not stop eating it!
#5- Purple cabbage coleslaw - Sorry, I just am not a fan. I didn't hate it, but like the chicken, with sooo many better options....don't pick this one.
The ambiance is very chill, resembles a beirgarten with picnic tables and all. The service was quick and friendly and I can't wait to try some of their mason jar drinks. Needless to say, I will be returning....a lot; you should come too.great beer selection and the brisket tasted like butter!I ordered takeout from here on a slow Sunday evening. It was very underwhelming. The vinegar bacon and scallion potato salad was OVERBEARING with the sour saline taste of vinegar. The fries were soggy mush. The ribs had little to no taste. I had to yank the meat off the bone with a tight grasp of my teeth. The only reason I gave this place 2 stars instead of 1 is because it's not as horrendous as Phoebe's BBQ located less than a mile away. Step your BBQ game up South Philly!!Love this place! I've now been here twice and gotten the Lockhart both times because of the variety of food you get to try. The best part about the Lockhart is the amazing sides! The German potato salad and burnt end beans are so complementary to the BBQ. My top meats that I would recommend is the ribs and the brisket.I keep try to think of words to describe the food and the service. The best word I can think of isn't even an adjective, it's just WOW. The service is wow and the food is even more wow. The chicken tastes like REAL chicken. It's super soft and super tasty. And their barbecue sauce is to die for. This place is amazing. You NEED to try it. You will not regret it. AT ALL.This is my favorite spot in the city for happy hour. Although the happy hour truly is an hour long, the amount of redeeming qualities makes up for its brevity.
Happy hour includes:
-Half-priced BBQ fries. This is one of the best concoctions I've ever eaten in Philly. Fries + delicious cheese sauce + shredded brisket that can compete with those in Texas =  indescribable 
-Half-priced Country Ham Plate. The drop biscuits are buttery and delicious. The tomato jam isn't overpoweringly sweet. And ham. Ham is all.
-Half-priced beer: Each week, they choose a different brewery, and the cans from that brewery are discounted. This is the perfect opportunity to try a bunch of different beers without going broke.
-Half-priced whiskey: Each week a different whiskey is featured (and discounted) for happy hour. If you aren't aware, Percy St. has this thing called "Whiskey Club". From what I understand, for every 5 different whiskeys you purchase, you are eligible for a free ounce of Bulleit. Please be advised that you don't have to (but may be inclined to) drink 6 ounces of whiskey in one sitting for this fun: they will keep a running list of what you drink on your own personal whiskey scorecard. Additionally, if you drink every whiskey from their menu, you win yourself a free bottle of Bulleit. I love trying new things, so obviously I love this system. 
I've only ever sat at the bar, but everyone who has ever been my server/bartender has been extremely friendly, helpful, and just enjoyable to be around (READ: they seem to enjoy working here).
Tip: The best way to win "Whiskey Club" is to drink as many different featured (READ: HALF-PRICED) whiskeys during happy hour as possible.
Tip Addendum: Don't drink too much whiskey after consuming BBQ fries and a brisket platter. Smokey BBQ vomit makes you feel like a dragon, but strangely won't turn you off consuming either of these things!This place was sooooo good!!! We went with a party @ 9pm. We were greeted by super friendly hosts and seated immediately. I don't know about regular dinner times, but a Wednesday at 9pm proved to have no wait at all. 
The food was amazing! We got each of the plates: ribs, brisket, and chicken. For the sides we got the coleslaw, corn bread, collard greens, and Mac and cheese. I also got the starter salad, forget what it's called but it's the one that can have brisket added to it (salad was 7, brisket added for another $7!!! Pricey, but so good). All of it was perfect. Chicken was juicy, so moist... Brisket absolutely was melt in your mouth... The ribs just fall off the bone. And that Mac. Crispy breadcrumb and delicious cheesiness... Idk what else to say except you GOTTA GET THE MAC. My favorite food overall was probably the mac. For meats, the brisket!!! Definitely the brisket. 
The drinks menu looked good, and they have a 6 pack plan that is neat, but I didn't have any so no comments on those offerings. 
Overall -- Five stars from me! I cannot wait to go back!!!Bad service, over-priced food, bad ambiance. All the reasons to avoid a restaurant. Was here for my first time last night and will never be back.Eh, the atmosphere is great but the ribs are nothing to write home about. It's average and their rolls are straight out of a supermarket package. Would be 3 stars but the pie saves the day. Pecan pie is absolutely heavenlyA swanky restaurant on South Street in Philadelphia, PA.  South Street equates to instant entertainment as the people watching is superb here.
The decor here provides a calming subtlety, hence a nice relaxing atmosphere.  The staff was very friendly and attentive.  The hosts/hostesses appear to strategically flood the front of the restaurant before using the remainder of their square footage.  This is okay though because it means window seat (see people watching reference above).  This particular visit was on the earlier side of a Tuesday evening.
The beverage selection here is bountiful.  If you are a craft beer enthusiast like this guy, you will need some ticks of the clock to review your options.   During this visit, I was fortunate enough to enjoy two of the three available amber ales: Annie's Amber Ale from the High Noon Saloon & Brewer in Leavenworth, KS and the Ashland Amber by Caldera (Ashland Oregon).  
The BBQ grub here was also very good.  I am a sauce guy and love that they provide three different versions of homemade BBQ sauce.   They provided saltines to sample the sauces.  A kettle chip may work better here, but hey certainly not a deal breaker!
The highlight may have been the brisket fries.  The combination of the pork and white cheddar sauce on a real (as opposed to a phony fry, you know what I am talking about) French fry was great.
I also had the mac and cheese to sidle up next to my pulled pork.  The Mac and cheese was a side so no too much room to complain about the portion size, but hey that should serve as a compliment to the "dish".  On the other hand, you get plenty of pulled pork!  The pork is served with a Martin's potato roll from the 717 (Central PA). Both were very pleasing to the palette.
Another fine establishment amongst the great Philadelphia dining scene.  This place was also featured on The Food Network (D, D & D).OUTSTANDING! My boyfriend and I found ourselves here after roaming South Street from another venue. I was struck by their beer can Christmas tree, friggin' awesome. I was impressed by their beer selection (it literally took us 15 min to decide on a beer) but the bartender was quick to point out his favorites and a few selections we would enjoy based on our taste. ALL his recommendations were spot on and he had a great sense of humor to boot!  We had already eaten, but couldn't help test out an item on the menu. Turkey tips: AMAZING! And smothered in their tangy BBQ sauce. The bartender gave us large, individual bottles of sauces, ranging from sweet to super spicy. It was fun to get to try out all the sauces and we are definitely headed back to order up some more food fare.I loved this place. I loved the food, the atmosphere, the drinks, everything. The chopped brisket was amazing, the fried green tomatoes were excellent, and even the pimento cheese was on point. Always tasty, never dry, always huge portion BBQ. BBQ the way God intended it to be. The atmosphere of the place, especially during Phillies games, was great, and we enjoyed eating there many times over the last several years.
I recently stopped by to grab an early dinner and was sad to see that they were closed due to "storm damage." When I Googled around to see when they were planning to reopen, I came across a Philly.com article stating that they had actually been closed by the health inspector in July 2017 for some pretty gross and serious sounding health code violations. I don't know if this was in addition to storm damage, or if the storm damage was just a cover story, but either way, I won't be back.I've eaten here four times now, and although I've heard several people claim these were their favorite ribs in the city, I have to assume they just haven't eaten anywere else.
The ribs are better than average, this isn't TGIFridays babyback special, but these aren't award winning.  Very moist, add your own sauce, but the complex smokey flavor I was looking for just wasn't there.
The pulled pork was average as well, the BBQ chicken is a better choice.
The brisket is offered as "lean", "moist", or a combo of both.  Of course i went with the fattier moist, and the Slow cooked, smokey flavor is definatley there, this is the i entree I'd order a second time.
For appetizers, the mac and cheese is well made with a crispy crust, the beans were a little undercooked, fries are better than average, deviled eggs are a nice addition with a very light, almost mousse like filling, that most bbq places don't even attempt, let alone deliver on.
Service is good, decor is basic and an appropriate fiting for a good bbq eating experience.
Overall, this is a good place for meeting up with friends , but not the best place for a date or hanging out at the bar.This place is amazing! I came in for some brisket and ended up eating a little bit of everything. Nothing i ate was anything less then amazing. Plus, the service was perfect. Thank you for being great :DI'm usually let down BBQ places but Percy street BBQ did not disappoint. While the prices weren't cheap, the portions were larger than most places.  We got the ribs, the brisket and the pulled pork. All were good but the brisket was my favorite. In my opinion the best BBQ in the area.A-Freaking-Mazing! Their ribs were the best that I have EVER had....huge, tasty, and juicy (yes that exciting :-D). Their sauces are delicious as well, their spicy one is actually pretty spicy. They have homemade root beer, also very good. The turkey tails (I know, it sounds weird) but we got an order, and holy cow.... they were so great! We also had the warm German potato salad that initially it was a little weird that it was warm, but one bite took all of  that away and sent us into bliss. 
The management was definitely awesome as well, initially we ordered the wings which they were out of so the manager came over and gave us a free dessert. So we got the key lime pie.....and of course it was delicious!
We have been to quite a few BBQ places in the city and this one BY FAR is the best that we have had!Percy Street gets props because my can of beer exploded twice, and I got the remnants of both cans in addition to a full can without extra charge. 
I really did love the cornbread - served warm in a skillet, crispy on the outside, hot and oozing with cheese on the inside, and a perfect vehicle to sop up any additional BBQ sauce you may or may not have accidentally on purpose dumped onto your plate. 
But the BBQ Pork Belly? Really? So I totally understand that Pork Belly is like 98% fat, but there's a way to cook it so it tastes lean, and you're not just eating fat. Percy Street straight up served us a basket of fat, with the occasional strip of meat. Not even the spicy BBQ sauce could rectify this calamity.There was this one time that every meteorologist in Philadelphia predicted the storm of the century. Her name was Juno, and she was supposed to be a beast. And so we watched, and we waited, and we bought an outrageous amount of milk, bread, and eggs (as is tradition). The weather outside was frightful. But not REALLY that frightful. So I made my way to the gym, like a winner. After destroying it, I felt like I truly belonged at the top of the food chain.
Enter: Percy Street Barbecue. Namely, their Meat Week. For $20, the Meathearts (like sweethearts, but meatier) at Percy Street offered family style Brisket (MOO), Chicken (cluck), and pulled pork (OINK!), pinto beans with brisket burnt ends, german potato salad with a warm bacon vinaigrette, collard greens with smoked ham hocks, coleslaw, extra sharp cheddar mac & cheese, and buttermilk chive skillet cornbread.
Yup. A little bite of every beast you could want, savory sides, Texas toast. The hits seemingly kept coming, and by the end of the meal, the five of us were left with bellies teeming with protein (proteeming?) AND leftovers. All for $20 per person! Can't be beat. Sure, that was just for one (12 day) week BUT Percy Street's Lockhart (same deal minus the cornbread and mac& cheese) can be purchased ANY DAY OF THE YEAR! Sure, you miss out on mac & cheese and cornbread, but pretend you're going low-carb and you'll never miss them.
(You might miss the mac & cheese, but for $6 it could [and should] be yours.)
They've been doing all you can eat ribs on Wednesdays lately, so just check out potential specials before you head out. You never know what kinda meaty goodies you could get your hands (and mouth) on at Percy Street!If you want your meat fix this is a good place to go!
Satisfying portion of the pork ribs- deliciously seasoned and marinated. Also tried the pork belly which was also good -- loved the cilantro and pickled carrot combination that was in the sandwich. For the side I had the German potato salad which had bacon in it-- a little to oily and heavy for a side if you ask me. Otherwise, I was very satisfied with my order! Also had good, attentive and quick service!There are lots of things to like about this place. Here's a few: This is the perfect place to bring your boyfriend after his wallet gets stolen and he's in need of serious comfort food. Ouch. Ratty tees and sneaks are perfectly at home here as they fully expect you to make an effing mess. In fact, you get your very own jug of water and roll of paper towels for cleaning up the aftermath of your meal. The lighting is moody and will make you feel like a sexy urban cowgirl despite the sauce smeared on your cheek. The whiskey list is bomb. They don't look at you funny if you order mostly sides. You can get a root beer float for dessert. 
There's something you should know about me. It may look like I throw five star reviews around like confetti, but that's because I try to make it a point to review the businesses I really, really love. I feel an overwhelming responsibility to be one of the people willing to give props to compensate for dissatisfied customers that are far more likely to tell people about their experiences. Dissatisfied customers will tell eight to ten people about their problem. One in five will tell 20. That number is considerably higher if that customer participates in the Yelp community. I find myself having rave vs. rant dilemmas. Also, I suffer from this weird disorder where I think every business I like that falls under went down in flames because of me. So I try to do what I can. 
That said, I don't throw them around lightly. I strategically place them as appropriate. And Percy Street Barbecue is the most recent recipient of the much-coveted, five-starred Yelp constellation. 
Frequent the shit out of this place for the sake of all city dwellers sans backyards that can't grill their own.I was on South Street in Philly on Friday performing at HodgePodge and after the show we walked a few blocks down, finding the Percy Street Barbecue. I must say, it was the BEST accidental find  I've had in a while! The service was good, the food was great and the prices were unbelievably reasonable. There were five of us in our party and EVERYONE was pleasantly surprised. I really can't say enough about it. I had their mac & cheese and I'm still thinking about it. I was so excited about this place that I told my husband I found an awesome bbq place and now he wants to check it out too. 
Next time you're on South Street, make sure you save room for bbq. This is a perfect night out.Thought it was one of the better places in Philly.  The meats were good, especially the ribs and the pork belly, however the sides weren't as good.  Of the sides, the beans were the best.  The cole slaw and the potatoes were average.
If you are. A hardcore BBQ follower, I'd rate 3.5/5 but for the average eater it's a good 4/5.Very tasty, casual and fun BBQ-themed restaurant.  Great deviled eggs appetizers, BBQ fries and brisket.  Collard greens side is also good.  Reasonable prices (less than $20/person).  Not a BYO, but have a decent selection of beer and wine.  If you're in the mood for some BBQ, this should hit the spot.***Average BBQ in an upscale restaurant***
I take the goal of this place isn't to serve up authentic southern BBQ as much as offer Philadelphians multiple standard bbq options in a nice sitdown restaurant. If I were reviewing it on the former, or it were another 100 miles or so south, Percy St. BBQ would probably get two stars. However, for what it is, I think 3 overall is pretty appropriate. 
Pulled pork ($13) was a decent serving for the price and was pretty warm and moist. It could have stood to be better. A measure I use for bbq is how well the meat holds up by itself--this meat eaten alone was tasty, but it definitely benefitted from a slobbering of sauce. Really good BBQ meat has a unique great taste without the aide of sauce, and I wouldn't put the pulled pork from Percy St. at this level. The sauces themselves were pretty tasty, although they were all a bit overly sweet for my liking. They could have also been warmer. Also the pork came with one bun but our waiter was happy to give me two extra buns. This made the value better, but the buns were pretty flimsy...again, for their prices, try serving something a bit studier and consider grilling it. Or at least provide AYCE wonder bread like a lot of authentic BBQ places do.
Mac n Cheese was pretty meh overall. The breadcrumbs are a nice touch that help insulate the underlying macaroni, but mac and cheese is really only as good as the cheese that its made with. Unfortunately, there was nothing really special about this cheese, and it tasted pretty mediocre overall...I've had much more flavorful mac 'n cheese elsewhere. Take this with a grain of salt since many on here seem to be raving about the mac n' cheese. 
The potato salad was excellent; I would fully recommend this as a side. 
They bring out saltine crackers with a little serving of cheese, which wasn't at all remarkable. I like the fact they are trying to be creative and offering some sort of complimentary appetizer, but it honestly serving 6 saltines between two people feels pretty cheap for a restaurant at this price range. How about some hushpuppies? I seriously don't take BBQ places too seriously if they don't offer hushpuppies.
Despite the wide drink selection it was a bit odd that they didn't have non-alcoholic drinks on their menu (even though they serve them). 
Music in restrooms was borderline unbearably loud...making it hard to think.
A bit surprised that Percy St. was pretty empty at lunchtime on a Sunday before a Phillies game. We passed some other BBQ places on South St. walking here though, so maybe others are discovering better options. 
BOTTOM LINE: If you know BBQ you're bound to know you are getting subpar BBQ for high price. If you don't know BBQ, you'll probably enjoy your food and the nice atmosphere, so give it a shot. But try to find a more legit BBQ later.cornbread!
sweet, delicious, buttery, warm, jalapeno-cheddary cornbread.
ok, it may be a little *too* buttery, but goddamn that cornbread is heavenly. just be sure to share it with a friend...or eat it all yourself if you hate your arteries and love your love handles. pair with the vegan chili for a perfect [meatless] meal. 
chili & cornbread not your thing? well, you can't go wrong with percy's mac & cheese...unless you're lactose intolerant, i suppose. in which case, pop some lactaid pills because this ooey-gooey, rich & creamy, crock of cheesy goodness is worth it.Have to say it's refreshing to find a great BBQ spot in the city. In short the service was great, food was deeee-liscious and the prices were just right. Definitely be coming back here again. Just be aware this is a dry-rub BBQ restaurant, not smothered in sauce. However they do have some excellent sauces on the side. 
Oh, they also did a great job in designing the interior of the place, and the music playing made for a great time. Good beer selection as well....