Continuing on my quest for the best "brunch burger" I tried The Perch Pub's "Wake and bacon which features a toasted bun, a 1/4 lb patty, one egg over easy and bacon jam. The perch put on a valiant effort, but is not the best by far. They get points for a rare burger actually coming out with a cold red center but it would have been better with real bacon instead of the bacon jam in my opinion. 
Aside from the burger the bar was packed but the waitstaff was quick and very attentive! Our drinks were strong and came out quickly. The view of broad street is awesome - I will come back for a late night meal just to see it all lit up!The atmosphere is great.  Loved the music!!   The app was delicious and came out quickly.   The main was my favorite the grilled meatloaf.   It was perfect with the free beans and Mac and cheese a great comfort food combination.  I also got the Key lime cheesecake which was a great finish.  Happy I made it to this gem!The first time here was a great experience, my second was so bad I will never be returning. 
We'd stopped in here for after work drinks and dinner before and it was great. The server was nice and they allowed us to take advantage of happy hour drinks in the restaurant since we were ordering food( and our group was way too large to fit in the small bar area). 
The second time round there were only four of us and we sat in the bar area. The bartender was not very nice. She would take my order, find someone else's order to take and serve them their drinks, and a few minutes later would come back forgetting what I had ordered. After ten minutes I would finally get my drinks. Rudeness I can tolerate, but what has put me off from coming back here is that we were overcharged THREE separate times at the bar, purposely I believe. The second time I was overcharged by a couple of dollars the total came to $13, I gave the bartender $15 and she never returned with my change. NEVER in my years of bar tending had I ever purposely overcharged a customer so that I could pocket the extra cash, which is what I expect is going on here. It's insulting to the customer and a horrible look for the company. And never had I ever kept a customer's change to tip myself.
What really left a bad taste in my mouth is when I approached the manager,Kevin I think was his name, about it as I was leaving. I explained to him what had happened and said that I wasn't asking for money back but just thought he should be aware of what was going on. He pretty much seemed to not have a problem with what they were doing, said 'Maybe they were rounding up prices for their convenience.' Rounding up prices? A overcharging customers purposely?? After I explained that I never received change from the bartender he did  say, 'Oh, she should have given you your change back' but really did not seem concerned. He just said a half hearted sorry and I left. 
GREAT customer service. 
I LOVE Philly and have had some crappy bar experiences but this is by far the worst. I will definitely never be returning to the Perch Pub and unfortunately now have a really bad view of it. There is clearly something extremely dodgy going on there. Check your bar tabs!Overall a good experience, and I'd come back.
I don't drink so I can't comment on the bar at all but based on the food I think it's a safe bet to say that this is more of a drink spot than a food place.
Everyone here is pretty friendly and the service was efficient and polite and not overly intrusive. 
I like the fact that they have a lot of options on the menu but the way some of it ends up coming out makes you wonder if they ever expect anyone to actually order things like the fish tacos or even simpler, the nachos. The nachos were good but their preparation and presentation resembled the kind of nachos you try to make as a kid, eg putting cheese slices on top of doritos and microwaving them for a minute or two. The toppings however were pretty good and they seem to be a big fan of their ingredients as they tend to use the same stuff to top their tacos too.
Their burgers looked a bit better and I guess if I come back here I'll stick to simple stuff like the sandwiches, wings or burgers. 
No real negatives here, I liked the ambiance and it was a fun experience in a comfortable place with a lot of room, but the food was just slightly unimpressive for something I was hoping would 'hit the spot.' While I haven't made my own nachos (with the exception of the ones I mentioned above) I have made fish tacos and they're not that hard to get right. 
Still, I think this is a safe default for when you're not sure where to go or don't want to go too far from home. I'll definitely be coming back.Want a bird's eye view from the Avenue of the arts? Check  out this new gastropub with a view! The subdued lighting and general lax atmosphere is conducive of both a relaxing intimate conversation and Friday night revelry. The beer list is diversified for the beer lover and the food is notably worthy to live up to the gastropub connoisseur's taste. Staff is friendly and decked out in flannel. This place, though young, will very soon make you feel like you have been coming here for years. Especially thank you to Penne my bartender. Cheers!Staff here is very rude! Had reservations for 10 people, walked in, and was greeted by a very rude hostess who obviously was not interested in helping us. After she huffed and puffed for 10 minutes about our party, we decided that our money would be better spent elsewhere.I would rate Perch between 3 and 4 stars. It's in a great location - right off the BSL, convenient to several buses. I enjoyed the winding staircase to the 2nd floor. It provides a great view of Broad Street. Inside is pretty spacious and despite arriving right after Sips, it wasn't too crowded. 
Nice beer and cocktail list with plenty to choose from and the prices were pretty good. I had the P's A Sweet Tart, Plymouth Sloe Gin, Finlandia Vodka and pink grapefruit juice topped with club soda. Very refreshing. 
The nachos with short ribs were tasty and filling. I had the Lincoln burger (as did a few others). It was a tad overcooked for my taste but the tomato jam was AWESOME. I was a little peeved that they charge extra for fries with it, and chose the included side salad. Disappointed it was just basically a pile of lettuce with olive oil. Should have asked for dressing on the side. 
Our server was great accommodating such a big group, but the food runners were not good at their timing. We had 2 burgers arrive and then 10 minutes later 2 more burgers, and then another 5 before the rest of the food. 
Otherwise this was a good pub type place and I will definitely come back.My favorite pub in town.  Excellent rotation of craft beers - a creative mix, so beer geeks won't be disappointed.  Great pub food, love the veggie burger and the spiced peanuts.  The waitstaff and bartenders are friendly and knowledgeable.
Huge windows, comfortable seating at the bar and in the dining area, and clean bathrooms.  The perfect Philly hangout.Food was good, not a "must visit" place in Philly. Based on others reviews I had the wake n bacon burger. The bacon jam was different and made the burger.This is a place that I have had to go back a couple times before I felt like I could really write something because honestly, every time I have gone back the experience has been completely different (though in a good way).
The bar is great, their beer list is extensive and their house cocktails usually always have cute bird related names. Their food is also pretty decent and they make one of the best burgers you can get around there. The wake and bacon, which is a perfectly fried egg on top of a delicious burger and crispy bacon? Oh yes please. Not in the mood for a burger? Try their sandwhich called "Jacobs ladder" which has melt in your mouth shortribs and cheese. yum.
What makes this place great is not only the location but the prices, it is super wallet friendly and the service has always been nothing but friendly and fun.Came here on a random Friday happy hour and i was astounded by the glass walls at the bar overflow area. Perch Pub easily takes the award for "Best View of the Doubletree" in the city.
The beer selection of pretty wide, if a little expensive, but hey, that's why you gotta go to happy hour.my favorite place in the city for burgers and beer.  the burgers ARE SO GOOD.  BACON JAM IS GOD.  burgers + bacon jam + good beer list = happy lizzie, fo sho.I'm pretty into this place so far. The atmosphere is nice, nice mix of folks come here too. I've only been for happy hour (because it's such a great deal) so far, but I am looking forward to dinner here. So far, I can say the wings are very tasty, and the garlic aoli dipping sauce that comes with the fries is delish. They also have cute benches by the bar with tables for a great view. Tap list is all relatively local stuff, all good stuff. You can typically get a beer for under $3 here during happy hour. So far so good.I've always seen this place on the corner of broad and locust but have never gone until recently. I can't believe it took me so long to try it out.
The service: 5/5
To be seated it took a bit considering the host was not in sight and was relatively crowded on a friday night, especially during march madness. Our waitress made excellent suggestions when it came to drinks and the food as well with pairings.
The food:4/5
The Tinga Nachos and the Scotch Filet were fantastic! The nachos were heavily loaded and honestly you could make a meal with just the nachos and maybe a side of rice or something along those lines. The Scotch filet you would realize was a pretty hefty and heavy sandwich in the moments of your final bites. I would recommend eating it as soon as it you are served that way you do not compromise the structural integrity of the bread. 
The atmosphere: 4/5
Being on the second floor with a view of the avenue of the arts, who could complain about the atmosphere on a Friday night? I thought it was the best of both worlds. Even though it can get loud at times, the view of the city lights makes up for it
Awesome place to go with a buddy, I don't think I would bring a first date here unless she suggested it though.Great happy hour, decent food, nice view, centrally located.
But most importantly, they occasionally have beer that isn't really available elsewhere in the city.Perch is an upper level bar that gives you an awesome view of Broad Street.  The windows are stained glass so that if you go in at the right time, the whole room lights up in rainbows.  Cool.
Their beer list is pretty good, and they have decent happy hour specials if you're looking for a good drink/per dollar ratio.
The only issue we've had here was the food.  Some of it was good, but deep frying a hard shell crab shell and all?  And then putting it between two slices of bread and calling it a sandwich?  Questionable.The one thing I liked about this spot are beer prices. Pretty cheap to get a full-bodied beer under 7 bucks. 
Their food is 'eh'. We ordered nachos and for some reason it smelled like fish. I think the pickled onions had a stench of sea creatures... weird, I know. 
Service was also just okay. I'd would appreciate more enthusiasm from the bartender.This place is a lot of fun! I did not eat here so I cannot say anything about the food but they have a great beer list. The service was also great. I think that it is a little too packed for happy hour but if you get there a few minutes before 5 pm, you should not have any problems.Not really a Sports Bar.
How can you call it one when it has 'two' HD's in the bar area.
Yes, it has pool tables but that doesn't make it a sports bar.
I will say the bartenders and backs are efficient.
Their slection of draught beers is unimaginative.
I was looking forward to having a draught Yueling, it was flat.
The wings were better than average.
Not too many choices of burgers. I had the Cobb Burger, it was big but not really all that flavorful.
It gets packed during happy hour on Fridays and then clears out.I am sorry but this restaurant leaves a lot to be desired. The food just was not good. Not mediocre, just bad. I don't often critique restaurants but I had no choice with the Perch Run. The beer is good, the French fries are good but nothing else!I'd like to give Perch Pub 3.5 stars, but am rounding up for this one because I continue to come back here, very often, and also refer friends here when they are visiting from out of town!  So, ta-da Perch Pub, you have my vote.
Always have a rotating selection of craft beers on tap, usually like 10-15 different kinds, of which a few are usually pretty rare!  For being located on a touristy-strip of Broad Street in center city, Perch Pub is not a tourist trap... they do a great job of keeping the local Philly pub atmosphere.
The food is pretty good, although I hardly eat here, I usually just get beers. But the menu is kind of like an upscale pub menu. Nothing mid blowing but still a lot better than standard burgers & fries. The hummus was good, and my spinach salad with veggie burger was good. But again, I never come here for food, it's just a perfect pub atmosphere, with friendly bartenders, and a good view of the city (it's upstairs overlooking broad st). 
I also love Perch pub cause they have games!! Darts, pool table, and the photo hunt video game. Keeps me entertained while boozing :) thanks perch pub! Keep those goose islands on tap :) yummPerch Pub is ideally located for a casual pre-theater meal.  On the second story of Varalli restaurant, the large windows offer a great view of Broad Street.
I was impressed by the beer list, with about a dozen craft brews listed on the blackboard menu. I assume the selections change often. Enjoyed a Russian River Damnation and Victory Love Stout.
I especially enjoyed the warm mushroom salad with arugula.  The rest of the food was good though not memorable.Pleasantly surprised by Perch Pub.  I don't know why but I had it in my mind that this was not a place I ever wanted to go.  However, after a night at the ballet and wanting a quick drink and a bite to eat, Perch was an obvious, if not a simply convenient choice.  
We popped up and were greeted by a friendly hostess and subsequently a friendly bartender.  He could see it in our eyes that we wanted some drinks...STAT...and wasn't pushy about us ordering food but quickly got us menus when we said we were hungry.  A few bar snacks - cheesesteak egg rolls and fried cheese(!) - and a couple glasses of wine later we were done and satisfied.  
The atmosphere at Perch is so much better than I thought it would be, although again, I don't know why I had these initial feelings.  I will definitely be back to try an entree or sandwich and have since recommended it to others who happen to be in the area for a show or just looking for a glass of wine and some gooey cheese!A great and seemingly rotating beer list. Definitely get the Tinga nachos! Watch the theater crowds go in and out in this second story pub. Fun and hip, if I'm ever in Philly again I'll stop by to see what's on tap.Great pub style restaurant. The fried meatloaf was quite good and a huge portion. My wife had the Cajun fish tacos. Good spice but a bit skimpy. My son's cheeseburger, cooked to order with grilled onions, was great. The onion rings looked fantastic, but were too greasy for me. Great beer selection and great service.I love coming to this bar all the time.  The staff is super friendly and attentive and the beer selection can't be beat!  The only reason for the low rating is because the air conditioning situation there is pretty much unbearable.  In the summer in this city we reach heat indexes of 115 and it seems that there is little to no ac at all.  They do have a few fans set up but that only pushes around the hot air, and they clutter the bar which is not enjoyable.  I can only imagine how it must be to work there.....My husband and I dined here for dinner on Sunday, October 12 before seeing a performance at the Academy of Music across the street. The location is great if you're seeing a show there or at the Kimmel Center. Luckily, we made reservations, and they seated us immediately after arriving.
Their beer selection is extensive. My husband got the Southern Tier Harvest Ale, and I got the Shipyard Pumpkinhead Ale. We both enjoyed our beers. Mine was one of the tastiest pumpkin beers I've ever had.
We have dined here before, and it seems like their menu has changed. For dinner, I ordered their buffalo wings and their deviled eggs. My husband ordered their California Cobb burger. He loved his burger and ate every last bite. There were 8 wings in an order. The flavor was really nice, and the size of the wings were good. However, they were room temperature when they came out. I like wings to be nice and hot! In their defense, it did seem like they were understaffed. Anyway, on to the deviled eggs. I'm a huge fan, and I've never had them with an Asian flavor. I think they could have used more sriracha and less toasted sesame oil. The oil was overpowering the other flavors in the deviled eggs. But they were still good, and I want to try making something similar at home.
Overall, I would come here again. It was a pleasant experience.How did I not know this was here?? We came to Perch Pub with a few friends for a pre-theater drink(s) and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. I fell in love with the beer menu and wish I could've sampled all of them! We ordered a thing of fries for the table and those were really good. Honestly, I have nothing bad to say except that I wish we could have stayed longer!Great craft beer selection & knowledgeable staff. Nice bar layout & 2nd floor view of Ave of Arts (Perch duhh). Never had the food but looks dece. Usually end up getting pizza downstairs next to it on stumble home.I've walked by the Perch Pub many times and have always just kept walking - the elevated, nondescript sign never called to me (I think some re-branding is in order). But when we needed a quick dinner before a show, we decided to give it a try and were pleased by the nice view, the friendly service, the extensive brew list, and the good food (Wake and Bacon Burger was tasty and the homemade aioli is delicious with your fries). Note that happy hour only applies to the bar, not the dining area.Just came home from here! Great atmosphere and service. We only waited a few minutes for our table despite the packed bar and tables. 
I wanted the perch nachos but they were out. Then I wanted chili but again, they were out. That's why the 4 stars for me. Make more! D: I settled on fried mozzarella which was delish, my mom got jacobs ladder melt which was divine. My friend got french fries but they were just alright. 
The service was really wonderful. My mom ordered a drink she didn't know had whiskey and just couldn't drink it so our waitress brought her something else no problem. :) 
Overall I'd love to come back! Thanks for a wonderful evening!I came here for my friend's going away/graduation happy hour. Took a little while to get a beer, but so happy I did. Half off drafts for happy hour make it all worth it (half off Ommegang? yess please!). First time in a long time $20 was enough for happy hour! Mac and cheese is also a must get. Another plus? It's right next to the BSL. Will definitely return.I came here on a random Saturday night with friends when all the "higher end" places were packed. It was good/average all american type of food. 
I ordered some veggie tacos (only two came) and they were pretty dry. I expect some sort of sauce when all I'm eating are tortillas with mushrooms! They didn't come with a side or anything which would have been nice. My friends ordered burgers and those didn't come with sides either. The one thing I did enjoy were the Malanga chips - YUM! 
All in all, this is your average food spot with a nice view and a chill atmosphere.Nice place, GREAT beer list, tasty pub grub, but...lots of people behind the bar chatting, but not a lot of serving patrons. I felt like I needed to apologize because I interrupted the behind-the-bar conversation to ask for a tap list. 
Newsflash! Thrusting a glass into the ice cooler is neither safe nor sanitary.
Enjoyed the wings, though!Perch Pub has a mean draft selection with some solid local beers in the mix. Had the Hawaiian Sandwich (Mahi Mahi with roasted tomatoes and greens) most recently which came served with a salad and a vinaigrette house dressing. The bartender was overly friendly, which basically entails the guy doing a couple of magic tricks and providing some on the house "Dr. Pepper" shots. With Bob Dylan on the juke box and some "entertaining" Philadelphians hanging around the bar, this was an overall positive spot to end up.Good last minute find for a super late (11pm) dinner. Ordered several different dishes, and enjoyed everything. I definitely suggest the Philly spring rolls as an app. The service was friendly and prompt, and nice view of broad street. Worth checking out and going back to sometime.Two stars are probably more appropriate, but we'll throw in the extra because our waiter was honest about the sub-par food. 
We ended up at Perch Pub our first night in Philly. It was close to our hotel and looked busy, and Yelp's rating was good. Our experience wasn't terrible, it just wasn't good...
Pros: 
-extensive draft and bottle beer menu
-food came out quickly 
-seated immediately on a busy Friday night
-cheesesteak spring rolls were yummy--just wished there were more of them in the order 
Cons:
-really average, not great pub food
   fish and chips were really greasy with too much batter and little meat. French burger was flavorful, but greasy. Salads were ok. 
-loud--their bar seems to be where it's at, not the restaurant 
Ok, so our pro list outweighs the cons. BUT the food here really isn't worth it. The bar side of the place was packed!  So, if you're coming here stick with bar and beer menu.Great beer selection and a cute bar with a really great view. Loved the guy bartender, he was sweet, funny and knew his stuff. He joked with our group and truly looked like he was having fun. I honestly would have walked out after the treatment, more of the lack there of, from the blonde employee behind the bar. She was straight up rude! When we walked into an empty bar she looked up from her phone and perch leaning over the computer to scowl, roll her eyes and make a disgusted sigh- seriously no lie! As our group sat in the corner we heard her complaining about how slow it was, other employees, and just about anything. She turned her back to us and IGNORED our repeated attempts to get us anything. She literally did not get us one thing. Unapologetically sat on her phone not giving a crap about us. I felt bad leaving one star, I'd leave zero to rate her. The only way I did was because of the male bartender. I'd come back and have a drink with him. She should be fired! Here's a tip- if you gave a crap about serving or your job maybe you would have customers at your bar! I hope they didn't share tips!Was there for dinner before a show on Sunday. They were kind enough to pull down a large screen so I could watch the Masters. The drink was one of the  first 'house' drinks that actually contained alcohol. My hamburger cobb salad was great. My dining mates all enjoyed their meals as well. I would definitely returnAlways a solid choice to grab some food. Good brunch. Good drinks. Bartenders are cool. They have a really good happy hour that can get really crowded. They also have a pool table in the back for a chill night out. The food is really good also. Always a large selection of beers.Very nice ambiance. Quite romantic yet fun for groups. Great views of the street. The food was quite nice and my date and I were pleased.I hit this place up with a couple friends for a snack and some drinks on a weekday.  We ordered some nachos and sandwiches to split, and the food was delicious.  They don't have an extensive beer selection, but there were certainly a few options to go with.  They moved us to the bar after we ate because they were closing down the dining room.  I always get a little miffed by that, just leave me be until I'm finished - it doesn't take long to wipe down one table.  The bartender was nice as well, and it was funny that she carded my drunk friend.  Good job!It was a blast.Had a great window table 
Natalie our waitress was a real sweetie.I came here for an 8:00 dinner reservation on a Friday night. It's a good time to show up, it seems, since it wasn't crowded. 
The server took a little while to come over and get my drink order, which I thought was kind of odd but I didn't mind too much. I take forever to peruse drink menus. They do have a great selection of beers, with the drafts being a good deal money-wise. 
For dinner I ordered the fish and chips. I saw that this dish was given plenty of good reviews, and I was excited when it came out. The portion is freaking HUGE (see pic) and it looked good. Unfortunately, that's where the excitement stops. The batter on the fish was tasteless and incredibly oily. I understand that fish and chips is a dish that's fried on fried on fried, but this was just yucky-greasy. It also just kind of fell apart when I picked it up. No bueno.
The fries were just okay. There were some crispy ones, but most of them were fairly soggy. I drenched them and ketchup and ate them anyway, because, well, fries. The fish and chips also came with a side salad, which is a great concept (cut through the oily fat!) and was pretty tasty, but it was served on the same plate with half of it under the hot food. This resulted in a half cold and yummy, half hot and wilted salad. Sad. 
Our server was nice, though, and allowed us to stay and drink for as long as we wanted. She didn't say anything when a third person showed up to our table, she just went with the flow. 
All in all, I think I would come back, if only for the drinks.i enjoyed my time at perch, although i havent ordered food there yet. the staff wear plaid.. so there's a lot of plaid in the room. it has sort of a dim ambiance in the evenings but definitely great to sit around the unique shaped bar and catch a game on tv (or two). the beer list was impressive, and it did not overwhelm me like some other gastropubs can.Solid place! Great menu... not too many or too little in offerings. Our table had the California burger (great)The French burger (delicious) and the dungeness crab cake sandwich ( ALL crab no fillers:-)  SO food is great for a very reasonable price but the BEST thing about this place was the unbelievably warm, friendly,competent service by Chris!!! HE made it 5 star!The food and bartenders definitely make this spot awesome. 
What to get: the burger, pulled pork Mac and cheese (arguably the best Mac and cheese I've ever had) and the chicken pot pie 
Besides the food, which is reasonably priced, the bartenders are very attentive and extremely friendly. Sit at the bar, order food, and grab a couple drinks to get the full Perch experience!First time here tonight. Was excited to try this place for a family dinner out after reading some positive reviews and hearing about the venue. Unfortunately though, the vibe was not welcoming from the time we walked in.  In my opinion, a warm welcome is a key part of the dining experience when trying a new place, it's what gets you excited to sit down and know you are going to enjoy a relaxing meal at the venue. That didn't happen here. 
The venue itself was fun and intimate. We had a corner booth overlooking Broad street and it was a lovely backdrop for our meal. The food was fine, nachos in particular were good. But nothing else particularly memorable among our plates. Our waiter was attentive and courteous, but at times showed he was distracted. 
For the time being, I don't think I will jump to return.The food menu is limited but the food and drinks are quality. However, the service was obscene. The service was bad from the time we walked in the door, when the host didn't greet us, but answered his phone, and made us wait to take our name and seat us. Our waiter never told us his name (1st sign of being horrible), but he looks like a mixture between the oldest Osbourne son and Michael Moore with thick framed glasses. He has the personality and attentiveness of a rock and after tonight, I highly doubt that he could even keep a job at your local Long John Silvers. If you want a night out without having to ration your water, expect that your empty glasses are cleared off the table, and want to order more than one beer per 45 minutes, I suggest you find another dining location.... Far, far away from here.i have gone here a couple of time for happy hour and the place is great. The place has a great view of Broad Street and the atmosphere is pretty good.  They have a great selection of beer and the food is decent. I also like that it isn't that loud here and you hear your colleagues talking.  It is a good place to hang out and enjoy the end of the day.I don't get the reviews of Perch Pub????????
Mel and I were happy to finally visit. The reviews are so good on Yelp. I have to assume most were written by friends or by the staff themselves. This is a two star place.
Now I wasn't looking to have my world changed. I wasn't looking special treatment, or fine dining. I just wanted to have some pub food, a few snorts, and a beer or two with my girl.
They had the opportunity to do something really different with the space but played it so safe. Take Ten stone, Pub & Kitchen, Sidecar, Good Dog, Devil's Den...shake 'em all up and spray the decors in a second floor space and you have Perch Pub. In short, you've already been here before even if you've never stepped through the door.
The food menu is the same. I mean exactly the same as the places mentioned above.....and more expensive then I'm used to seeing. I had nachos that were just ok. They use better chips than most places, but try to disguise the small amount of meat, and veg by slathering a ton of cheese whiz over everything. Mel had fish tacos that were pretty good but really small for $5.00 per taco. we tried a couple of sides and were underwhelmed all over.
The beer list is good, but again....there are a dozen other places I could get the same list. Give me something...focus on a couple of specific breweries, give me a special price to try something different, give me a tasting option....for god sakes take a risk somewhere.
The booze. This sealed the deal for me. The short pours we got were ridiculous. It's insulting when the bartenders  buddy is getting a bucket full of booze and your giving me a thimble at full price. Whiskey village looks generous in comparison! {That is not an endorsement of WV..they are far too short with their pour as well}.
Before you go back to Perch Pub go back to or try:
Varga Bar, Devil's Den, Royal Tavern, Race Street Tavern, Good Dog, Ten Stone, Sidecar, Pub & Kitchen, Misconduct. They are all doing the same as Perch. They all just do it better and mostly likely cheaper.I frequent Perch Pub for dinner when I'm in town.
Nice atmosphere, the music isn't too loud.  Last night I went up with a hankering for their mussels (fantastic as usual) and also got a side of deviled eggs on a whim.  OMG - Absolutely the best devied eggs ever.  My husband's aunt makes killer deviled eggs.  We are in the habit of dotting them with cajun seasoning or srirachi sauce.  These have the srirachi blended in the yolk mix, which is then piped into the white half and garnshed with a small slice of scallion.  Food porn!
Beer selection changes all the time - had a real nice ale from Helles - had a nice citrus/honey flavor, which was unexpected.Although I am not a fan of Center City bars ($20 to park before you order your first drink!) Perch Pub was a good time.  I went with some friends during Philly Beer Week and we all really enjpyed the Brooklyn Brewery options.  I'm not sure how the beer list is during the other 51 weeks in the year, but during my experience it was pretty fabulous.
The bar is divided into two sections, one which is a typical bar setup and the second is tables & a nice pool table.  The tables are a great way to go if you don't feel like being crowded (and getting up for your own beer!)
They offer a nice menu with a selection of bar food (slightly overprices-$4 for a pretzel and mustand) but it is still a good option.
All in all I would definitely go back if there was another Philly Beer Week type event going on.I brought my dad here for drinks and dinner before a concert at the Academy -- and all I can say is it was awesome. Great food, great drink selection, and great service. The bartenders were super friendly and efficient, and the food was. so. so. so. good.Huge fan! Especially, their Happy Hour. Was introduced to this bar when I was here during Sips, and I made a mental note to come back. There's a pool table, separate bar area, and exposed brick wall (for some reason, I really dig this!). 
Came here for dinner before we hit the orchestra.  Their draft list is unique and with lots of choices, there is something for everyone. I lean towards the dark and flavorful beers, so I chose the Bavarian Barbarian Bulldozer (really good!), Weyerbacher Fireside Ale (a little too smoky for me), and my personal favorite, the Southern Tier Oak Aged Pumking (pumpkin beer in the winter? YES, PLEASE!).
Since we sat at the tables, we weren't sure if we could still get the happy hour prices. Luckily, our server was able to help us out (Thank you, Jackie!).
Definitely check out the chalkboard specials. On our plates, we chose the grilled scallops over a lamb sausage cream with crispy sage potato sticks (just a fance name for french fries), the wake and bacon burger (perfect fried egg!), vino burger, and to end our meal, we got the nachos dulce which were sugar and cinnamon dusted nachos covered in chocolate, sliced strawberries, and garnished with mint.
We left extremely happy. And another plus? Coat hooks by the table. Nice touch!Decent gastro pub near City Hall. I typically think of gastro pubs as more quaint but this place is huge. The draft list is awesome, consisting of a variety of good brews from all over the country. I really liked the Lost Abbey Ten Commandments. As far as food, the citrus hummus appetizer was delicious. It came with an olive oil tampenade and seasoned schmeckels. However, the French Burger was mediocre. The meat needed some more flavor and zest. Overall, an OK place to grab a quick meal but I think it lacks the appeal that other gastro pubs in the city possess.I've only come here for beers a couple of times, but they are great! Especially happy hour (5-7) when they're half price. Light beer drinkers beware. The last time I came there were only a couple of those on the menu -- the apricot wheat (which wasn't that great) and the Yeungling (boring). My absolute favorite beer is the Quadruple, a darker beer. They have a really good one here made by Weyerbacher. Many of their darker and higher alcohol percentage beers come in a goblet, which just feels classy. The only drawback of this pub is that the bar area is pretty small and gets crowded during happy hour. Half of the pub is a bunch of nice tables overlooking Broad Street, but you can't get the specials while sitting there. An overall great place!We stopped in there before seeing Rain at the Academy across the street. The atmosphere is very cozy and the view of Broad and Locust from the second floor was amazing. The windows were so clear you thought you were outside. They have around 15 craft beers on their menu and many more bottles. The waiter was knowlegable on the beers and food. Smutty Nose Smuttenator was a tasty choice. They have a 1/2 price happy hour that is for the bar only, not tableside, not mentioned in the website, but standard practice in restaurants. We ordered mussels in garlic sauce. They were large and tender in a tasty dipping sauce. My California Cobb burger was awesome, cooked as ordered, and served with a side salad or fries. After dinner we stopped at the bar for the happy hour prices. The place is a gem and will become a favorite, as we also visit the Wilma down the street.My fiancee and I had some brunch and beers while overlooking the Mummer's Parade on Broad on New Year's Day - that said, they were running a limited menu and we did show up, literally, as they were unlocking the doors to open.
I had a pair of decent beers and a similarly decent, simple burger. We split a $4.50 order of 3 deviled eggs, which we agreed was way too expensive for 1.5 eggs. Our server was noticeably busy with the holiday crowd, but still friendly and attentive. The location was perfect to watch the parade: we could see every group going by without freezing in the cold (or having to use port-o-potties).
Overall, it's a nice place for a beer and easy meal, but unfortunately, there isn't really anything over-the-top about Perch Pub.First time here. This is a kick ass location. Great beers, great service and a really cool place to just hang out. Get your ass there and enjoy.I came here for brunch on Saturday mainly because they had a $5 bloody mary special. It was possibly the worst bloody mary I've ever had. It felt like I was chewing on pepper. I also asked if there was horseradish in it and they said no. I could see it when they brought it over. I switched to a mimosa because i assumed they couldn't mess that up.
I ordered the wake and bacon burger medium. It is topped with a fried egg and bacon jam. It was perfectly cooked and didn't last long because of how much I enjoyed it. Probably because I have a major obsession with bacon.
If a brunch spot advertises about their drink specials, they should probably be yummy. I also dont like horseradish in my Bloodies so I asked them to make one instead of using their "homemade mix". They said they couldn't. How do you not have tomato juice at your bar? 
The service was great and so was the food. They should work on their drinks. Their craft beer selection did look good though.My sister and I needed to kill some time before purchasing tickets to see Mamma Mia so we stopped in at 4:56pm to have a drink. We both ordered from the happy hour menu which starts at 5pm, thus we were charged full price for our Chardonnay. I have never been a big fan of any alcohol but I did really enjoy the wine. 
We purchased our tickets and then returned for dinner. We were disappointed to learn that we could only get the happy hour specials if we were in the bar, but we really wanted to have a good sit down dinner so it wasn't too big a disappointment. Everything we had was amazing! We started with the baked mac-n-cheese which was creamy and smooth and topped with bread crumbs for a little crunch. 
I had the Wake & Bacon burger with a side salad. The burger had a fried egg and bacon jam which made this one of the best burgers I've ever had. The dressing on the salad was delicious. I ate it all, and finished with the brownie for dessert. This is the one thing I was slightly disappointed with when it came to the food. It was dry and crumbly, not moist and fudgey. After all the delicious food I was expecting great things from this brownie but it just wasn't to my liking. 
We will definitely go back!I was here last Friday night for the first time and most enjoyed the creeper views of Broad and Locust streets.
It was exciting to find Rosee D'Hibiscus on their beer list. Nearly a year ago, a server at another Philly bar suggested it as a good choice for me, a strictly non-beer drinker at the time, and ta-da, a beer drinker was ever-so-slowly created! Point being, it's a great beer.
Our server was really friendly and accommodating, even after we ended up planting ourselves at our table for nearly four hours and adding a third person to the two-top.
I would've given four stars, but I wasn't a huge fan of my dinner -- the chicken pot pie. It was huge, yes, but it was also kinda bland. The chicken part of it was good, but I didn't like the pie, and you want to like the pie of a chicken pot pie to like the whole chicken pot pie, you know?
Nonetheless, I'll definitely stop back in the future. If only to be a creep once more.So the other night I went to Perch Pub with a cutie, and we didnt try the food, but we got some really really awesome drinks. I got this delicious mint and strawberry concoction that had fresh strawberries floating in it. And I'm nothing if not a sucker for fruit with my liquor. My guy got a really amazing Ithica, I forget which one though. The bartender was really cool and helpful too. When he told me that the keg had kicked on the creme brûlée beer that I really wanted (and will be back for soon), he suggested this great chocolate stout that I loved. Definitely a great place to relax with some great beer and cocktail options.nice view of the street below, good location. i found this is an easy place to talk to peopple.. i tried corned beef and cabbage here since it was st pats weekeend it was OK, some interesting microbrew draft beer options including some belgian style beers , ommegang glimmerglass saison on draft is a win. fireball and lemon drop shots were good and generously portioned.Question: Are nachos really nachos if they have no salsa?  Surprisingly, Perch Pub managed salsa-less nachos relatively well.  Still, I missed that spice.
Good things: Loved the location.  Pleasantly perched above broad street (I may have just threw up a little in my mouth with that pun. but I'm still using it).  Neon lights from nearby buildings making you feel like you are in the middle of the city.  Because you are.  Other good things include.... good for groups.  We hosted 20ish at a nice long side table, no problem.  The beer was fine.
Things I won't get again: the fries.  They smell fake. Like the car of someone who gets drive-thru fast food all the time.  Taste like it too.  We still ate them.  Regretted it.   Salad was excruciatingly small for $14. Good thing I was tipsy so I didn't get upset.  They also didn't give us water unless requested.
Overall, good scene.  Our waitress held it down like a champ.  And we could be loud without abandon.  
My advice. Stay for the scene.  But save your appetite for elsewhere.The best burger I've had in a long time. Food is very reasonably priced. Not handicap accessible (no elevator to the 2nd floor). My only complaint was that everyone's food came out at the same time, except for 1 person's meal. We waited 5-10 minutes for his meal to come out, which was disappointing. They should have just waited for his meal to finish before bringing everyone's meal out (instead of making him wait while everyone else was eating). Otherwise, the service was good and attentive overall.Came here unexpectedly because it was right by the hotel and everywhere else more than a 45 minute wait. The food definitely exceeded my expectations. The burger was done deliciously and so was my friend's fish tacos. This place is decently priced for the area, the drinks were delicious. Overall, I'm super glad I ended up here for dinner!Best brunch spot! $5 bloody marys and mimosas, can't beat, and reasonably priced and tasty breakfast and lunch items. Will be back!Went to the Perch to grab a bite to eat and watch the Philly's playoff game. The bar was jammed so we sat in the dining room, which had a big screen tv set up so it was a nice place to watch the game. Nice views out to Broad street too.
I had the chili, which is made with braised short rib meat. Excellent. Not very spicy as chili's go but tasty. Only downside was the chili was only temp warm. Had to eat it right away or it would have been room temp in 10 mins. My wife had the mussels, which was very good too. We split the scallop appetizer and a side of deviled eggs. The deviled eggs had a bit of a kick to them, which was great. 
Only negatives were: no drink or food price specials in the dining room even though the bar is literally a few feet away, which had specials. Also; they were very understaffed. Our waitress was good but given her and one other waiter had to cover the entire dining room, wait times for drinks in the early innings was long. Overall the price was a bit on the high side. We'll go back again but definitely go earlier to get a seat at the bar.I came here with a friend to watch football and I was pretty underwhelmed, to be honest.
The location is great, and the view of the street is actually quite pretty in the evening. Seems like it would be a nice date spot.
The beer selection is incredible. They boast a pretty impressive list of local beers, as well as a bunch of other goodies that you always keep your fingers crossed for, but never find.
The reason I'm giving three stars is because the food is terrible and overpriced. My friend and I each got a meal, and we split an appetizer--everything was either cold, bland, or both. So expensive too!
I would definitely come here for Happy Hour, but I will never order food again. The potential is there; I really hope they make the changes necessary to make this place truly amazing!Do not order the oyster po boy.  I was there for the Army-Navy game last weekend and ordered one Friday night.  I have never been so sick in my life.  The food was average at best and over priced.  I was up all night vomiting and the weekend was ruined for me.Tap list: 5 stars
Location: 4 stars
Food: 3 stars
Service: 2 stars
The tap list and the view are the reason to go to Perch. They have some of the cheapest microbrews in the city! Plus I was able to find some beers that are less common in philly, like the Great Divide brewery
The food was meh and the service was awful. The burger was respectable but will not blow your mind. Nothing else was particularly noteworthy. My salad was downright bad.
I will probably come back for the prices and a decent burger.The Perch Pub was our first stop for Philly Beer Week. Their theme was Brooklyn. Well, hey, I'm from Brooklyn, so I fit right in.
They got right to my heart with their line-up of Brooklyn Brewery Beers. They must have had at least 8, if not more. I knocked down a couple of their IPAs, both were very tasty.
The vibe and crowd was real cool. The service was great. It was also real cool that a crew from the Brooklyn Brewery came all the way out to Philly for the event. They handed out some buttons from the Brewery. One of my bids asked if he could get a glass. A first she told him no, but then she came through and hooked him up.
I would definitely consider coming back. Good joint.We've been here several times before or after theater.  Always good food, good service, nice atmosphere.  We love it!Came here for a late night dinner with some friends.  The food was pretty delicious, hot and fresh.  I split the Cuban sandwich.  Slow cooked pork with ham and cheese on country white.
The service was a little on the slow side, as I saw two other parties who arrived after us get their food before we did.  Not sure if the waitress was new, but... to make up for it she was very friendly and down to earth.
Their beer list is awesome - and awesomely priced.  $4-$9 for a good out-of-state IPA is great for Center City.... you won't find that anywhere else.
The staff does have cute plaid shirts/jeans look with a beige apron.  I thought it was a coincidence at first, but after reading others reviews I guess not.
I'll definitely be back for Happy Hour.They didnt have any of the appetizers or side available at 2:30 in the afternoon. The food took forever to get there. The food was ok but not stellar. The only  thing good was the olives & vodka martinis, but then how can screw that up.We went for a pre-concert brunch. Good, intelligent service and menu reccomendations.  Nicely curated beer list and specials. The burger plate and Cuban sandwich were most satisfying. Pricey, but the combination if quality and proximity to the Ave if the Arts makes this upstairs pub worthwhile to me.Don't know why we haven't been here before. Conveniently located to PATCO, awesome views of the Academy of Music through the treetops, lovely wooden spiral staircase leading you upstairs (little iffy coming down after you've had a couple though), cool bar seating by the windows with built-in tables. The service was decent, beer selection was good and had a nice descriptive beer menu. Good happy hour specials. 
Would like to see improvement in the food. Had the pretzels (awesome mustard!), onion rings (greasy), fish tacos (dude, is that sour cream? eww). Other members of my party complained that the crabcake sandwich was greasy, side salad boring. It could really be awesome with minor tweaks to the food.What a great place. I have passed this a million times but never went in and now regret it.  Perhaps its second floor location is a hinderance to attracting more foot traffic, but one flight up a spiral stair case should not be a deterrent to enter this charming place overlooking Broad street. They offer a very eclectic menu with friendly service and affordable prices. Great atmosphere with good acoustics.  Not a long wait or a light of hype.  Great $5 bloody marts and or speciality flavored Bellinis.Great selection of regional beers and a menu just the right size.  Service was prompt and polite.  The blackened cat fish tacos are outstanding!  Food is prepared a little salty, but overall good. Great atmosphere and view!I'm impressed, Perch.
I knew we were in for a good time after hearing some word of mouth raves.  Honestly if I passed this place on the street with no prior knowledge, I would have assumed it to be no more than an average pub catering to Doubletree guests across the street and post-concert/play crowds along the Avenue of the Arts.  But that's SO WRONG.
First, let's start off with drink prices - absolutely reasonable for being smack dab in the middle of Center City.  They could charge a lot more...but they don't play that game.  The draft list is made up of local brews (150 mi radius) and they've got a solid bottle list to please everyone.  They also had some tasty sounding cocktails, but I just went for a Flying Dog Raging Bitch.
They've got an extensive menu of pub snacks, starters, sandwiches, melts, burgers, and bigger plates.  We opted for the pretzels, but they were out - so the second choice was the bangers - Irish sausage with saltine crackers and a spicy homemade pub cheese.  This ended up being a delicious, decadent option that did not disappoint.  For dinner, I went with the Jacob's Ladder melt - a generous serving of short rib, oven roasted tomatoes, caramelized onions, and aged cheddar.  And let me tell you, I have not met a sandwich this delicious in a while.  I also tried a couple onion rings, which are offered as a side - but I went for the french fries, also decent.
Overall, Perch Pub is a relaxed, unpretentious dining choice for Broad Street.  Service was attentive and on point.  For a new place, it was hopping on a Thursday night, which is a good sign.  I will definitely be back to try some of the other snacks and dinner choices.French comment : Nourriture relativement simple mais cuisson excellente et présentation de qualité. Très bien pour un diner entre amis/collègues.Large windows overlooking Broad Street, BFD, it would have been nice if the bar faced Broad street and not tucked back in the dullest part of the space.  The circular stairway, although an attractive entrance to this second story pub, never seems to fit a size larger than 11 foot without having to be extremely cautious.  Well there went my attempt at getting loaded that night.
This is a pub/bar, not a dining experience.  The bartenders all had attitude and stood in the corner conversing while my arms waved 'surrender' in the air.  
The beer choices were good and the burger (chosen from a limited menu) was one of the top 5 burgers I've had in the city, no lie.  So there you have it, enjoy a couple beers, a burger, stare into darkness, and watch your step on the way out.  I will return for exactly that.I've been here a few times for drinks and enjoyed it. This past weekend we came for brunch and I was not impressed. The service was quick and the Bloody Mary's weren't bad. The food, however, was nothing spectacular. I had Eggs Benedict which tasted like something I could have made better at home. The bacon-hash had no bacon at all. It was merely soggy potatoes with peppers. I would come back again but not for brunch. With so many delicious brunch spots in the city there are much better options.How can u mess up something as simple as Mac n cheese? Disgusting! Worst I've ever had. 
Beer n service was fine.The entrance is puzzling, a narrow spiral staircase. This would case safety concerns. We should have left as soon as we saw that. 
The gentleman working the host stand acted as though we were inconveniencing him and rolled his eyes at me because we had no reservation (the place was less than 1/2 full). Our server was inattentive and wouldn't even make eye contact with our table. She brought our drinks one at a time (there were 5 of us) and we had to flag her down to ask for refills. 2 of our entrees came, 5 minutes later another 2 entrees, we had to ask for our 5th entree. 
The bathrooms were out of toilet paper and paper towels. They did not smell clean.
The food was ok, but not worth the effort honestly.Came here for happy hour (5-7) on a Monday evening. I was pretty surprised by the number of people here on such a random day. HH means half off their draft list, with discounts on their well drinks and house wine. Considering their quality range of draft beers, it was a pretty good deal. 
Though, if you're a muncher like me during hh, this place might not be the way to go. They do not have any food specials, but they do have some random snacks, like chips, sausage, and wings, but nothing too special. 
If you're not a muncher and just a drinker, and in the mood for a lively place to go on a weeknight in the heart of the city, then this place is for you.The essence of middle of the road. They have a great beer list but nothing has a taste.
We showed up late and they still seated us which was cool.
The apps bleh. Deviled eggs no flavor. Fried zucchini no flavor. Cheesesteak egg rolls were good but I loved the dipping ketchup better.
Main entree
California Cobb Burger and  Reuben. Again my burger was good but 5guys tastes better. The wife's Reuben was plentiful but she got heartburn.
In the end ehhhhDecent list of beers on tap, plus an impressive list of bottles.
The bar is located upstairs on the second floor.  When you walk in, you take a circular staircase upstairs in order to reach the pub area.  After reaching the second level, the name of the pub seems quite appropriate.  The interior is a mixture of exposed brick and dark wood accents.  I most recently visited during late afternoon, so the bar got a lot of natural light from outside.  I can imagine as the night moves in, this place should have a pretty moody feel to it.  
I have yet to eat at the pub, so all my sentiments are purely related to drinks and service.  We ended up arriving just BEFORE happy hour started, which was a bit of a bummer (would have appreciated a heads up from the bartender as it was a close call).  Nonetheless, I found myself having a difficult time choosing a beer, as there were so many interesting selections.  The draft list had excellent descriptions of the choices, while the bottles did not.  I ended up going with a draft, opting for the Round Guys Hammerzeit Ale.  Never heard of the brewer and the description was quite intriguing.  I was not disappointed with my choice, a little hoppier than I expected, but good all around.  
There were a few relatively small TVs showing college basketball (NCAA tourney time), so it was nice to have that option.  Though if I were looking not to be overwhelmed by TVs (in favor of conversation), this is still a worthy stop.  It was conveniently located during my recent travels to Philly for business.  I will return, but try to time it better to take advantage of the happy hour prices (something that doesn't exist for me back home in puritanical Boston).My spot for a good local craft brew. The bar staff is knowledgeable and friendly, always a comfortable bet.This review is primarily for the bar area, staff and beer selection. The draft beer selection is limited but varied. They also have a nice selection of bottles. The food is decent-nachos are good, deviled eggs are tasty and have a slight Asian flavor to them. The burger is decent, the crab cake sandwich is just ok, the steak sandwich is not bad. The bartenders are great and so is the manager James. I hear their building has been sold so they will be closing. Unfortunate as this is a fun place to grab a beer and a bite to eat.Went here for a drink last night around midnight and the bar was packed, so we ended up getting a table and a few drinks.  The Beer list was good, but I just ordered some water,  I wasn't in much of a drinking mood. 
The view is great and it seemed like a pretty nice bar, and conveniently located close to the PATCO.  I'll be back.I love the little bar upstairs!  That is if you can get a seat!  The wood bench seats with bar tables against the windows are genius.  I love the feel of the place.  It has a positive vibe.  The staff is super friendly as well.  
Food:
I've had the Italiano and the mussels.  Both were very good.  If you are looking to grab a beer and a bite to eat this is a cool spot.  Also would probably be a great first date spot to try and get to know someone!I'm very pleased with this place! Excellent view and location but the burgers are best ive had in Philly! The atmosphere is relaxing and peaceful, the waiters are polite! Many great, fresh beer selection to choose from. MUST GO!Defrosted. 
When did perch pub turn into applebees? I went last night after not going for months. I got a burger, which I've raved about in my past reviews. This time around everything just tasted like it was frozen at one point and then defrosted -- the burger and fries. Not to mention the very mediocre service from our waitress. I want to like this place as much as I liked it before. step your game up Perch Pub!Face it, Philly is a beer city. Philadelphians are blessed with great beers falling out the wazoo. Perch Pub, right in the heart of Center City, is a great example. Great for tourists due to its location right next to the Walnut/Locust station on the Broad Street line--even moreso when you're trying to get home after having a few! (Or if you're staying across the street at the Doubletree!)
The food is quality stuff, too, and generous, considering the price. The breading on the is fish and chips comparable to the chicken crispers breading at Chili's (which is a compliment!). Reminiscent of tempura batter, with a peppery spice, but didn't get in the way of the fish taste. The cod fish on the inside was moist and flaky. The "chips" themselves were pretty standard. We could say similar things about the oven roasted salmon--flaky and rich. The vegetables were well seasoned and everything rested on a bed of orzo and tomato sauce.
So, what really stands out about Perch Pub? Its location and its beer. Their current drafts are listed on a chalkboard, and they have a varied selection of bottles as well. The bar area is a wild scene compared to the more chillaxed dining room, but the vibes from each area are kept relatively separate.
The service is great, too. When we went, it was relatively busy, but food and drink came out reasonably quickly. Our waitress was quick to update us on the status of our orders, and quite attentive.
We had a great time at Perch Pub. Don't feel like stressing about having a good meal and drinks? Then take a trip on over.Great place to get a drink when everything else on a Friday or Saturday night is overcrowded.  Very solid draft list of around 10 beers on tap. Only had sips of the mixed drinks from friends but they're not bad. Since I'm down more for trying new beers I just tend to go that route. Had the Ithaca Flower Power, which was flowery but delicious. If you like random beers definitely try something new and different on their lists.
Good food. They have a separate section just for diners, which can be convenient if the bar is crowded and someone in your group is feeling hungry. Eaten here twice and have been happy both times. The burgers are delicious and the fries are great as well. Also liked the nachos. 
The bar area can get crowded. It has sort of tight seating arrangements because of the extra seating/tables along the wall, but people are really nice about saying excuse me if they need to get by and have no problem scooting down the bench so that you can grab a seat. 
Really solid for eating or coming to drink. No dance floor but there is a pool table and darts which can be a draw for many. I like it here. You probably will too.Beer selection, service, and drunk snacks are all solid. You've got a nice little view, a central location, and 1/2 price craft drafts at happy hour.  How many more things can I list in threes?
Lots of seating, a pool table, darts.
Deviled eggs, onion rings, spicy ketchup!
I don't know what it is about this place, but it works. Perch pub is a place everyone can always agree on.We really liked this place. The beer was great, the Troegs Hopback Amber was great and sadly can't be purchased in California, the waitress was nice, the food was really good, and the ambiance was fun.Headline: good beer, average at best food
Ever passed a restaurant by and wished you hadn't due to underwhelming food?  The perch pub is right in the center of things in Philadelphia.  It's close by my hotel, and we are hungry.  Feel free to go someplace else, since there are plenty of restaurants close by.  This is strictly average.
The beer is the highlight - the Yeti hails from Colorado and is strong and dark.  It comes in small portions, and after having one, you will understand why.  It's good.
But we are here for food, not beer.  Let's start with appetizers - every Philadelphia restaurant must have the quintessential Philadelphia dish prefixed by the word Philly.  The Philly egg roll isn't quintessential - it's just a thinly sliced steak wrapped up and deep fried.  Not exactly Philly.  It's not bad, but it doesn't set my world on fire.  The Philly soft pretzel isn't soft.  It's almost hard, and definitely doesn't do the street food justice.  I would have liked the cheese sauce that came with the soft pretzel on the egg roll instead - it seems more appropriate.
On to the main event - I saw lamb burger and said that's for me. I wasn't bad.  The fried artichokes threw me for a loop, but the burger itself was nice and juicy - just not anything special.  I expected more.
Overall, I'm looking at the surroundings (plain), and the food and I'm thinking they could do better, even given what they have.  Is ok - it's just going to be another meal forgotten by tomorrow.  Which is any minute now.Another great choice for anglophiles. Perch pub serves very good British pub fare, with a nice atmosphere and a killer view. Pretty spacious and plenty of seating make it a good option when other smaller spots are crowded. The service is wonderful, and super friendly. My server seemed to think all my choices were great, I bet she doesn't say that to just anyone.  
The portions are generous so Perch is a smart choice if your stomach is as empty as your worse relationship. The crab cakes were meaty, barely any filler. I belive the quality of the crab cakes on any menu is a good baseline for the quality of the food. Solid pub fare with a very good beer list makes Perch Pub a nice destination for visitor and local alike.I checked out this place for our weekly bowling/brunch club, and decided to give it a shot as it was near the bowling alley.
Its definitely a go to if you don't want to contend with a really long wait at the more popular venues in Philly. It was nice to be able to have a table ready to go and server there to check on ya.  I definitely liked the mimosa and was A-ok with the Bloody Mary.
I had their omelette special, which was pretty tasty...the only strike was the small serving size as I was still somewhat hungry after the toast and omelette.
Regardless, I definitely plan to check them out again for brunch especially if I have a large group...Spent the early evening here last Friday to eat dinner, watch some March Madness games, and enjoy some drinks.  I thoroughly enjoyed myself.  The dining area is setup well and is unaffected by the crowded bar area.  I enjoyed the food as well.  We started with the wings (fantastic) and nachos (solid).  I got a cuban a little later.  It was on normal bread rather than on the proper roll, but it was good all the same.  Lastly, the beer selection was very good.I have to bring Perch Pub down a star from my original review.  The beer list is still great, and so is happy hour. But the food offerings here really bring it down a notch. Great atmosphere, but that doesn't make up for everything. 
Cheeseburger and fries is steep at $13.  The Philly spring rolls take rip-offs to a whole new level, it only includes two smallish spring rolls.  Prices aside, none of the food is that good either.  The Scotch Fillet taste like hamburger helper.  
Bottom Line:  this is a great place to drink, especially for happy hour. But the entire menu needs a rehab.Nice exposed brick, menu has some good selection from devil eggs, soft shell crab sandwiches and big bangin burgers.  Beer selection is heady but nothing unusual.Really enjoyed this place. Great Food, Service and Layout. Football was on and it was a good time!Great beer selection but food has gone way downhill recently.  Used to be one of the best burgers in the city but tonight it was a tasteless generic frozen patty.  I am so disappointed in Perch Pub tonight.  I will probably never go back.I've gone here a handful of times and have always had a good experience. I usually go for dinner and it's never really crowded and I can't remember having a meal that I didn't like. I have yet to try their soft pretzels with dip and I really want to, they look amazing. 
It might be me but the prices seem kind of high for the quality of the food. I also kind of look at the bill at the end and think it wasn't really worth paying that much. 
Also, I can't imagine coming here for a night drinking soley on the fact that they spiral stairs you have to walk up to get the the restaurant seem like they would be pretty hard to handle after a few drinks.We love this place!! It's my 'go to' when I want delicious food and beer.  The servers are all very nice, and they check in on us at the appropriate times.
The draft list is really big and updated often! We fell in love with a beer, came back the next night and it already kicked (but there was also a new yummy choice that was similar)!
My favorite entrée is the provençal with salad. Caramelized onion, fig, honey, apple, and goat cheese are all put into this amazing sandwich! It's flavors make me bask in happiness :)
We notice that on the weekends it gets much more crowded, and it sometimes gets hard to find a seat. They will serve food at the bar, and it's nice to be able to talk to the bartender to see what sort of beer you'd like next.
We love the view too! If you get a seat by a window you're able to see s. broad st avenue of the arts and all the lights from the theatres and hotels. Our favorite game is 'will they park there?' Shhh!
I really enjoy the vibe of the entire place. Perch Pub is perfect for a night out with my hunny. We've not encountered any wild college kids either, major plus! Best spot if you're looking for food/drink after the theatre. Bon appetite!My friends and I love this place. It has an awesome beer list and probably the best hummus I've had that is not from a middle eastern place. I would suggest visiting here during happy hour because their deals are fantastic, but get there early because it gets packed fast. The only part that sucks is that you can't happy hour deals sitting  at a table, you have to stand at the bar. Other than that, its one of my favorite places in the city :-)I love the Perch
It's my new go to in town, yeah the pubfare is good and they have great microbeers on tap, but what bar in this city doesn't now.
The reason I love this place is the staff.  Friendly, fun and very accomodating, unlike some of the other places in the city, please don't change guys.I had a good beer or two here but there are so many other spots in Philadelphia in which to grab a good beer... so many other spots who have the same beers, cheaper and better food. I was not bowled over by any of the food selelctions or the food itself. We tried the calamari and jalepeno fries. They were both definitely "meh". 
This place earns itself 2 stars for the atmosphere. The upstairs location gives a good view of the Avenue of the Arts and there is a definitely upscale pub-type feel to it. I just can't see what all the hype's about.This was pretty good, we stopped here to eat while on business trip. They had beer flights which was nice, the bread they served was very good. Came with butter and olive oil. The appetizer was kind of small we got the jumbo shrimp and scallops appetizer. It came out with 2 shrimp and one scallop. I expected more for two people and $16.00. It was good just smaller portion then we expected. I got the filet it was decent but the pepper sauce was a little overpowering for my taste. Overall it was good, portion sizes are small. So if you have 3-4 people you'll need to order multiple appetizers or fill up on bread.This is a good find if you're going to one of the Broad Street performance venues in Philadelphia and want a quick meal.  The burgers were delicious and there's and excellent beer selection as well, with a wide variety of craft choices on tap.  The menu is quite extensive but my wife and I both got burgers so I can't comment on any of the other possibilities.  My burger came with a fried egg and bacon as well as a gift d cheddar and it was really good; my wife's was with grilled onions and gruyère and also very good.  Both were perfectly cooked and came with a nice salad (so we could pretend it was a healthy meal!).  We also ordered some fried zucchini.  They were not very good.  Other than that, no complaints and will certainly be back.This review is based only on bar service.
Came here with my boo for drinks after we had dinner at Estia (you can check that review out on my yelp page too)  He wanted to check this place out after hearing some good things.
Lots of TVs in the bar area which was a plus.  The spiral stairs leading up to this place were wicked cool.  But that's the only nice things I can say at the moment about this establishment......
Bartender - absolutely rude!  The compassionate yogi side of me usually comes out and makes excuses for people when they act out, but seriously bartender chick?!  We just sat down at a half empty bar and you're going to toss a menu at us?  Then ignore us for about 15 minutes until giving us that annoyed "are you ready yet?" look...??  Maybe she was having a bad day or something else was going on... but I was formerly a bartender so I know the deal and honestly, UNACCEPTABLE!
1 drink and we were outtah there! 
I'm willing to come back here to try their food and give it a second shot, but maaaannnn that was a gnarly first impression!Okay - a review for Perch Pub is long overdue. Definitely the bar I have most frequented in Philadelphia. Great staff, great beer, good prices, and a cool space. What more could you want? Totally unpretentious and fun. Happy hour is packed from 5-7pm but is very well worth it (1/2 off drafts)
Definitely one of my favorite places in Philadelphia. Kudos to the 14 rotating crafts and staff for help making it that way.Good place to grab a drink and a light meal if traveling solo. Friendly staff and decent pub fare.I went here after a leaving another bar. I'm glad I did. 
Went here for the Eagles/Chiefs game and even though they were busy, they made sure I was taken care of as soon as possible.
The beers: A ton of beers on tap that change continuously. 
The food: Always freshly made
The service: Even though the server was visibly tired, she still had a smile and was peppy the entire time. 
My only issue is that its a teeeeny bit overpriced, but for that location, it's understandable. 
Brunch here is good, but the food always leaves you wanting a little 
more. I'd recommend this place to anyone who is looking for high quality food in a relaxed atmosphereAerie: it's not a brand of lingerie you idiot, it's a bird's nest.
Perch Pub lets you look out upon the streets of Philadelphia with awe. It's particularly beautiful in the winter time when you glance behind yourself and you see the cobblestone streets covered in snow, the buggies carted by elegant high stepping horses, and the gas lamps glowing in the midnight sky.
And...you feel airy...and aerie...and angelic...or that could just be because you've consumed one too many seasonal draft beers at such a reasonable cost that you can afford to catch a ride home in the white stagecoach waiting outside...but you probably will miss that one...and somehow there's pumpkin splattered on the picturesque street.
Oops. Pretty views. Nice beer. Not an early night.Exactly what I was looking for in a brunch for Philly!
It was nice, relaxed, not crowded, great friendly service and delicious food without the Philly weekend brunch madness. I loved the crab cake burger, it had huge chunks of crab cake and was moist, fresh and delicious, with a great side salad. Next favorite were the blackened fish tacos! They were AWESOME! Tons of flavor, but not too spicy, flaky and light. So good! Great dish to split with two as an app. Next I had the veggie omelette, which was pretty good, and I was able to sub the toast for fruit when I asked, which was really nice as usually most places begin to sigh and look confused at such requests. Finally, for the vegetarian we got the mac and cheese, which was really good but a bit heavy. The only recommendation would be to have more vegetarian options on the menu! Also, our waitress was very fast, efficient, friendly, and always refilled the water without asking, which was great! Also, great prices!
Must try for anyone looking for new brunch spots!This place has a great view and a decent beer selection. However, please don't try any of the food. I've had a lot of great food in Philadelphia, but this place is the worst I've had in Philly and outside of it. The burger tasted like cardboard, my husband tried to take a second bite and he felt sick. I had the fish and chips, my first bite of the fish turned me off to the food so much I wanted to leave. The fish was the most insipid piece of meat I've ever eaten. I repeat do not eat the food! Dinner at this place was the worst $80 I've ever spent. 
If you are looking for decent food please look elsewhere. If you are just looking for a good place to hang out and grab a beer be my guest but be sure to stay away from the entrées.This place never fails to satisfy.  It's a great place to grab a light dinner OR pig out and the beer list is stupendous.  The service can vary but it's not because of the servers--I think the kitchen easily gets overwhelmed.  It has a great atmosphere with a great mix of customers.  I just love it.Love the spot, each time I walk by I marvel at how cool it would be sit up there and overlook broad st. Going there was maybe a slight disappointment after all the generally positive reviews. The waitress was a little awkward/standoffish, maybe she was new or something, but something was off.
I also thought there draft selection was a little lacking for philly gastropubs. The food was good enough, not memorable, but if you're going out for bar food this is good enough, though maybe a bit expensive for what you're getting.The mussels were amazing! We went on a Friday night and surprisingly, it was not that filled. I liked it: I didn't have to scream over the music / loud people. The beer draft was also great! Definitely coming back with a bigger group!The blueberry vodka mixed drink was fantastic. Nice location in Philly. The grapefruit mix drink was also great!I thought I was gonna hate this place. It's on Broad Street meaning I was thinking that all the people who were gonna be there would be out-of-towners staying at the hotels nearby. That still may be true but I was sad at myself for being Philly elitist about it. But my thirsty group of co-ed friends and I got there happy to see a decent amount of seating and a pool table in the back. The crowd swelled at 10 and died back down by 1. Affirming my suspicion, a bride and a groom and all their friends came in the bar at 11pm-ish because it was the closest bar to the out-of-town guests hotel rooms. So it was fun to get there early & figure out who we weren't gonna hit on (like the bride).
But here's how I knew this place was pretty solid: we came there in a sober frame of mind and left there... so happy. :) Some people "happier" than others and not feeling like totally broke. Also, somehow our one round (because we're mature adults) of shots were $4 each which was pretty sweet. Glad we didn't realize that till the bar closed. That would have been dangerous, challenging my idea of maturity.We were lured to Perch Pub for Saturday brunch by the $5 mimosas, bloody mary's, and bellinis. We opened the restaurant with reservations at 11:30, but it filled up quickly within the next half hour. I ordered the build your own cheeseburger, which was delicious. It comes with a side salad and you have to upgrade $2 for fries, kind of odd. Dining Partner had the french toast, friend one had the eggs Benedict and friend two had the chicken and waffles. The chicken and waffles looked delicious and I will be back there to try them. The server was nice and the food came out quickly, we stuck around for a while after eating continuing to drink and weren't rushed out. Great experience, would definitely go back!I really enjoyed hanging out here. We stopped in for a quick beer and ended up staying for a while. The bartenders were super nice, and the beer selection was fantastic. 
The highlight of the evening was definitely when they put Sharknado (!) on the TV, and the entire bar (about 20 people at the time) watched it together, laughing and cheering throughout the movie. The best part was that the sound was off and Bruce Springsteen's Greatest Hits was playing, making for an awesome mashup aesthetic. 
Would definitely come back, perhaps when Sharknado 2 comes out.I'll slim down my usually verbose reviews for this place not for lack of quality.  Great burgers, amazing beer list and just a overall perfect place to grab a bite before a show at one of the many local theaters (Kimmel Center, Merriam, Wilma, etc.).  I think this is going to be my go-to pre-show spot whenever I'm in Philly from now on.Nice little place very close to the theater district and the DoubleTree.  The dining room is upstairs and has a nice view of Broad Street for some people watching.  We had a couple of sandwiches and a salad in our group and everyone was happy.
I enjoyed the "Italiano" grilled chicken sandwich, and upgraded to the french fries with spicy catsup.  Very tasty.I became familiar with Perch's notable drink offerings thanks to center city sips and a few evenings out on the town.  "A Brew with a View", their happy hour, varies slightly depending on the day, but is not quite as generous as their draft selection.  Maybe that is the reason I've never seen Perch overly crowded.  Oh well, their loss is our gain.  If you happen to be there just to enjoy a few drinks, why not play a little pool as well.
Of course, if you are hungry, I recently discovered you have came to the right place!  Their Sunday brunch selection had me torn between a few delicious sounding options.  Luckily, my group was large enough that I got to see all my choices arrive at the table.  Going with the Cuban was a envious pick, which more than satisfied my appetite.  Overall, our party left happy and I made a note to return for future brunches.I'm not a big fan of bar food; it's usually mediocre at best. However, one of my friends suggested we come here one night. Not wanting to turn down a suggestion due to my personal biases, I went with it. To my surprise, it was better than I had anticipated. Though the place was crowded (considering it was Friday night), I was able to find some seats at the bar (the tables were either taken or reserved) where there was a nice view of the Sixers game on TV (they won!). The music was good and chill. The bartender who served us was very attentive. We ordered mussels, malanga chips, and mac and cheese. They were all fantastic and came in large portions. Despite being appetizers, they can be eaten in place of a meal. One of my friends was here in Philly for the first time, and she enjoyed it as well. I'm not fond of beers, but she ordered a subtle one on tap (I forget which). That wasn't bad. I've already been recommending it to my friends.I have never used yelp prior to this but felt the need to create an account after my experience here. I walked in and politely asked the middle aged, bearded gentleman at the host desk if there was a table available for 4. He asked my last name. I stated that I did not have a reservation. He flippantly responded " well then I can't help you" and walked away. I then realized that he had also treated the women in front of me in the same rude manner, as they stated they would never be back. I can respect not having room to be seated but there is no need to treat people this way. I will never return and will advise others to avoid as well. If "no stars" were an option this would have been my selection.Excellent lunch today--very tasty burger, salad, and fries. Particularly excellent was the house side salad; tasty field greens with a light dressing.
Ambiance very nice, second floor bar with many windows, lots of natural light in the daytime, classy decor.This is super cool and amazing and fun!
Seriously? Who knew this hidden gem? Standing out in the open!
Broad Street is the road that's the heart of Philadelphia that doesn't getting the usage it should.  Perch Pub is right there! Casually overloooking the Kimmel Center at eyelevel of Broad Street signs (plug: check out my picture).  I can't vouch for the food but I can for the drink list... Perch Pub has a substantial list.
I'll be back.  Its a great atmosphere in the heart of Philadelphia.
Ps.  Nachos, yeah you.  I'll be back to try you real soon.  (I regret not letting curiosity win with an order for the table).Half price drafts for happy hour which is such an amazing deal. Awesome, attentive bartenders. Great tunes including some rare Jimi Hendrix!  Plus it's super convenient to the Walnut Locust station and we were on our way to a Phillies game.  This may become my go-to pregaming for weeknight Phillies spot.  Nachos were yummy and a huge portion.  Deviled eggs were forgettable, but that's my only complaint.Went here for happy hour yesterday after walking by it going to and from work the past 10 months, now I'm sad I've been missing out.
They have about 10 beers on tap, great variety with descriptions for each on the menu. Best of all, they are all half off during happy hour from 5-7! The Colorado Brewing Co Hazed and Confused is a must try. My crew set up shop in the corner to the right when you walk in and had great service throughout the Phillies game. Not much of a view from there with the actual bar area is on the smaller side but it got the job done. We had some delicious pretzels with mustard and cheese that hit the spot too.
Probably will be back there in about 4 hours, hopefully in the same seat watching the same TV with the same beer in hand with the same Phillies result.Simply one of the best burgers I've ever had--I'm sad I don't live close by!  I stumbled across this trying to find a place for dinner with a friend while attending a conference, and was really impressed with their beer 
selection as well as their high recs on Yelp (especially for the burgers!)
Love the design of the place as well, and it has a terrific location with huge lovely windows for great viewing.  Highly recommended!Did not eat here but was told they had a good happy hour.  They did.  The bar is quite long and wraps around in a loop.  I went on a Friday afternoon and the bar area was full of young professional who look like they just got off from work.  They had a great selection of craft beers on tap and a very decent selection of bottled beers.  They have happy hour pricing which made spending Happy hour there even more enjoyable.Food was great and a great beer selection! Waitress was helpful enough for a Wednesday night dinner. Bar looked fun and crowded.This place is consistently great, whether for late night drinks or brunch. The staff (particularly Nick) always take great care of us. Excellent mixed drinks and draft lineup. I haven't eaten lunch/dinner there, but the brunch is always excellent and well-priced. Good Mimosa, Bloody Mary and Bellini specials. The incredible view of South Broad is a serious bonus as well.Had food poisoning for the entire weekend following eating here.  End of story.Read some reviews and decided to give it a try. I'm glad I did as it was a tasty, inexpensive meal - my favorite kind. 
Highlights from the meal:
1) Cheap Beer (Got a nice beer for $5 that would cost $8 at other places)
2) Great View
3) Attentive Service 
4) Pretzel snack - $4 for a filling appetizer
Overall, I think it's a great dining spot in my neighborhood that I will definitely be trying again. The food is definitely worth the price.Conveniently located across from Academy of Music.   Great for after the show.  Lively crowd watching the game on multiple TVs.  Food is excellent both entrees and bar food.  We each enjoyed our meals including the salmon and the steak frites!A serious serious beer list. Great stuff. Was here the second night and really enjoyed both food and drink. Amazing burger, has to rate as one of the best in the city. Will be back soon to try one of the melts, look good. Usually a bar person, but it was packed so we grabbed a table up front over Broad. The view is great,  really great. Service was nice, our waitress very attentive and really knew her stuff. (which is kind of unusual in this city of attitude filled servers) Thanks guys.
Just a quick aside..the hostess (manager?) is one the hottest women I've seen in a long long time. DamnI've never been to a place that felt more like home and truly embodied 'Philadelphia' the way Perch Pub did. This place was where I came with REAL friends and family to drink good beer, play pool, and catch-up with some of the city's best bartenders. While everyone offered top tier service, it was James who consistently went above and beyond. Thank you sir for sharing your amazing stories, beer choices and friendship! After I moved away from Philadelphia, it became even more of a treat to visit Perch with family and friends and re-live that experience. I hope the owners are working towards re-opening in another location, even if it's under a different namesake. Perch was legendary and legends never die. Thank you for being my favorite Philadelphia Bar. Cheers!2 stars for some things, 3 stars for others.  
Great seating area, overlooking downtown streets.  Would be amazing on a snowy night.  Good beer list, the pours are small for the price, especially if you ask for a gourmet beer.  
The bill...oh the bill:
$7.50 martini 
$1.00 served up (WHAT?!)
$10.00 Woodford Reserve (listed as $9.00 on the menu)
   - the additional $1.00 was because "it was served on the rocks and supposedly offered more than a shot"...no, it really wasn't more....And anyone who orders this bourbon in a shot, shouldn't be drinking it in the first place.  I wonder, if we asked for Neat, we would be charged $1.00 for the larger glass?  
Get my jist?  Advertise incorrect prices and your customers walk off a little agitated. 
Snack prices are good.  The fries were great, huge basket for $5.00.   Overall, great view, good snacks, terrible way of running a restaurant.This was my second visit to the Perch Pub. My first was just for beers, and I quite loved the location and was really wanting to come back again for their unique beer selection and to try their food.
The location is great and comfortable. I enjoy that it's on the second story and you can look out over Broad Street. It's a cute enough place.
It's not crazy pricey for Philadelphia. Beers are usually pretty unique and rotated often, so that's really why I come.
Food was good. I tried a bit of a friend's grilled cheese, and I believe that was the best thing on the table. I'd skip the pretzels (hard and nothing special. I'm convinced Lancaster has the soft pretzel thing down, not Philly). The fries were OK - they just tasted like normal diner fries to me with garlick-y mayo. I wasn't raving over them. I wouldn't come back for the food, the beer seems to be why you come here.
The end was probably the issue here. They don't split bills. That's fine, but they also don't take more than 3 credit cards. Handing a bill to be split 6 ways at 1 AM to a bunch of exhausted people was just a bad plan. Our waitress didn't know what the tax % was, so it just became guesswork and made everyone at the table annoyed at everything in the world.
Overall, I'll be back for the beer. But I'm sticking to coming back for a beer as a two person couple, not for food as a group.Great beer selection, food was very good, atmosphere was great. I had the special lamb burger and my wife had the cuban. We shared the cheesesteak eggrolls which were good but small. Sit by the window for great people watching.The view is probably the winning aspect of Perch Pub. No real complaints, but nothing too special about it either. The layout of the bar could have been designed more efficiently. It's very long and narrow, leaving it hard to navigate when it gets crowded. They have a good selection of beers and a pretty decent happy hour. I heard good things about their brunch, but was not impressed. The portions were meager and the sides were definitely lacking. I'll pass for food but would probably return for happy hour.Perch Pub is a nice little pub on one of the corners of Broad Street.  I enjoy their happy hour immensely because they have an excellent beer selection that is 1/2 off Craft Drafts until 7.  I dig this more than many Center City happy hours that end at 6 and the beers are about $3 during HH.
The cheesesteak spring rolls are the only thing I've eaten but it was delicious!First time there, and was definitely not expecting it to be this big. The entrance is grand and the stairs are trippy. Would definitely have to be extra careful after a few extra beers. That being said, they have a great selection for draught beer. A buddy and I stopped here for a quick few brewsky's and ended up spending close to 2 hours! Its a pretty chill bar and the bartender is quick to serve. I didnt try the food but everything people on the bar were ordering looked appetizing. The whole place has a really cool and different feel to it. The seats across the bar are custom mad and very different. I def recommending checking this place out!Great service and drinks were reasonably priced...only bar setting (that I know of) w/a great view...perfect for small groups/dates...I had the garlic mussels for appetizers and it was delicious, will be going there again in the near futureWe went to Perch Pub for convenience to the Academy of Music. Two stars are enough. Not great and SUPER over-priced for what it is. Our server never told us about the special ( which by the way, was one of the most expensive items) so we changed to it after someone around us ordered it.  Entrees were tasty, but it's really just a bar with a few food items.Went here on their opening night with a few friends. I was more than impressed with the beer selection and the staff's willingness to guide you through it. The Perch Nachos that I started with were good but the decision to follow them with the Wake 'N Bacon burger was probably one of the best I've ever made.Well, pretty typical bar. I like how open this place is and it's got a nice charm to it, but no great shakes I would say. It's nice that it's second floor over Broad street though and has a nice open atmosphere despite it being long and narrow.  
Menu was very average for bar food and moderately priced. I've been here twice, and first time, the bartender was really nice and accomodating. Our waitress for the second time wasn't fantastic, she was a bit on the "I'm annoyed to be serving you right now" side, but maybe she was just having a bad day. 
i'd come back for happy hour/chill night, as I had fun here and there's nothing bad about it, just not much memorable either.Three words: Philly Spring Rolls.
Freakin amazing!!! :-) We got them when we were here in April to see Pink's concert, and couldn't wait to get them again when we were back for a Memorial Day Tournament!How does a  pub run out of two popular white wines?
That said... We needed the wines just to catch our breath. Had no idea the restaurant 's entrance involved climbing a spiral staircase. If there was an elevator, or another entrance,we couldn't find it. 
So not a particularly good choice for senior citizens.., not to mention the disabled....and I started wondering about an emergency exit. This all happened before the tragedy in Paris, so now the restaurant is off my list.
The food was good... But our service was sporadic .
Possibly we were the wrong people for a so called hip place.Great spot for happy hour. Good beer selection and all drafts are 1/2 off during happy hour, including weekends. 
It is near the theatre, thus particularly full after a show.
Great ambiance but not so loud that you cannot carry a conversation.
Staff can be a bit friendlier.
Enjoyable experience.We went there before a show at the Merriam and were in a rush, getting into town later than expected because of heavy rain.  Anyway, we were taken to a table immediately.  I told our server we were in a hurry and he said he was glad to move things along.  Beers (from a really good beer menu) came fast.  We split a cheeseburger, the grilled Andouille sausage and fried  zucchini.  It was all really good.  Very good in fact.  Our server delivered it fast, but he was cool about it, not frustrated, not rude.  I wish I'd caught his name...he was great.  It was a list minute decision to stop in, but we will definitely be back for a more relaxed evening.  Thanks Perch Pub for a fun, though brief, evening.Cool vibe & great location. You can see a good chunk of broad street from this place and as their slogan goes, "altitude, no attitude" ;) . It has a very relaxed and family-friendly atmosphere. This was a night we tried to go to various 'high-end' restaurants such as Barbuzzo, Sampan, etc without a reservation. We finally gave up and decided to give this less known place a try. 
Good American pub food! Not incredible and I'm not sure if I would go out of my way to come back but it was enjoyable and filled my tummy.
I would recommend the Malanga chips with the garlic aioli - the combination was delicious and its something I never tried before. I wasn't super hungry to begin with but ordered the French burger and it was pretty good. My only complaint is that fries did not come with any of the burgers or sandwiches and you had to order them as a side - this isn't very 'pub' like.  
As a group, we were super indecisive and had a hard time making decisions, but the waitress kept her cool and was very nice the entire time.We searched all over Philadelphia for a good bar and this is the best one we found. There was a great atmosphere and the beer selection was fairly unique. I would highly recommend checking out this bar if you are in the Philadelphia region.Went here each night of our long weekend in Philly. Mostly had drinks but one night we ordered fish tacos. They were delicious but mostly the bartenders were awesome. Everyone we talked to was friendly. We're coming back!First time here. It was a Tuesday night, so there was absolutely no crowd. The waiter we had for the table was great. I split the nachos, which were delicious and could work as an appetizer for four people. The drink selection was awesome. My only problem was the music they were playing, which was not to my taste.My family was in the city to see a show at the Merriam Theater, and needed dinner after. This restaurant is close--across the street. The feeling is comfortable and cozy. The food is delicious. My daughter and husband ordered the chicken & wild rice soup and ate every last bit. We had sandwiches and salads, and cheesecake and amazing bread pudding for dessert. We will definitely return.I've passed by this place a thousand times without ever venturing in, but I wound up going with a group of friends last weekend. I was pleasantly surprised. The drinks were a bit on the weak side, but my taste buds are accustomed to drinks poured by the gayborhood's notoriously heavy-handed bartenders. The place really shined on the food. I thought prices were a little steep for what seemed like basic pub food, but the portions were MASSIVE. I had a ridiculous burger with bacon jam and a fried egg, and I was positively stuffed.
I would definitely come back here, if only to try the hot sauce chicken mac and cheese!Busy Saturday nite.  Little expensive for what you get.  Waiter messed up French fries order.  Gave me salad instead.  Never offered my original fries.  Service needs improving.I love you Perch Pub!
The view is great, and Nick, the bartender, is awesome and can hold a conversation.
 The beers are very reasonably priced for the quality--An Allagash White is 4 dollars vs. 7 dollars at other local bars. They also have infused vodkas. We tried the pepper one....which if you like very peppery things is great for you! The burn of the peppers takes over the burn of the vodka.
We also tried the soft pretzels, which were good with the cheese, but the chocolate mustard was way strong. The onion rings were maybe the best I've ever had. Which Nick the Bartender says, "is a very ambitious statement." Yes it is, and I'm sticking by it.
Would love to make this my regular bar.Good beer selection & good service. Ordered chicken fingers and wings.. Don't recommend either, wasnt impressed. However, the tiramisu cheese cake for desert was great.Pretty awesome spot recommended by Yelpers.  It's located on the second floor and as many others mentioned, they have huge windows with a great view.  They also have a pool table to get some group action going.  If I'm ever back in Philly, I'll make sure to come by and try the food, next time around.Great Pub with creative food fare, as well as a huge selection of beers and bottles and at least a dozen craft beer is at any given time.Great service and great food! Definitely try the wake and bake burger, you'll love it!Friendly and prompt service.  Nice hamburger.  Nice beer variety with a waiter that made useful suggestions.
Recommend reservation if you are near a show time in a nearby venue.Location, location, location. Perch Pub is in the middle of everything. It's on a second story overlooking Broad Street, catty-cornered from the beautiful Academy. The experience and setting saves this place. I went for an early bite to eat on a Friday night before catching a show at the Academy and was pleasantly surprised by the food and draft selection. The grilled cheese was a highlight: nothing fancy, but hit the spot. The sandwiches all looked creative but not too creative, a fine line to walk for any restaurant. It was late Fall and they had a seasonal, local pumpkin ale. Overall, that drink was my favorite part of the meal. 
I walked away from Perch confident in a 4-star rating, so confident that I wanted to bring my girlfriend back after a show at PTC a few months later. It was a Saturday night so we were braced for a large crowd. And it was definitely hopping - which great for them. As we waited for either a table or a spot at the bar, we pressed ourselves up against the wall to be out of the way. Unfortunately, that didn't stop a harried waitress from saying, "Um, you're in the way," as she rudely brushed past my shoulder. We moved next to the bar and as she passed back through again, she visibly rolled her eyes at us.
I'd like to give it a third try. I'm hoping for a best out of 3 experience, in which case I'd restore the 4-star rating. But honestly, no matter if there are 2 or 200 people in the place, your attitude toward your customers should be welcoming. They have a great location, a good menu, and a fun vibe; but if they continue to act like they want my business, I'll be more than happy to go elsewhere.It's best to have a reservation for this place if you are going for dinner. The location is relatively close to the theaters so it will bring in that type of crowd during the dinner time from 4-8. They have very fast and attentive service. I would highly recommend the mac and cheese and the wake and bacon burger. Both are AMAZING. Their menu had a wide range of items from comfort food to seafood dishes. They also have an extensive wine and liquor list. The stairs up to this place is a killer but worth it.I will admit that my knee-jerk reaction to the Perch Pub was negative, but I quickly got over it and can see many repeat visits to enjoy the always high-quality offerings of the Varalli crew.  I was initially quite disappointed when I saw that Upstares at Varalli's was on its way out (having celebrated several of life's milestones there), but I think the concept of combining it with the downstairs venue will actually work out quite well.  Realistically, I always found the more "casual" downstairs to be a nicer place to eat.
As for the Perch Pub, I have only made one stop so far, but was really pleased.  I enjoyed some tasty bar food, and drank some very reasonably priced drafts while watching the Phillies play some great baseball.  The service was a little disjointed (they had only been open for a few days), but ultimately pleasant and effective.  The room still allows for some fantastic people watching above The Avenue of the Arts as well.  If this new model for using the space keeps these restaurants in this location, I am all for it.This place is really cool. I went and checked out the bar there once and it was a very positive experience. 
The bar is upstairs. You walk in, turn on the left and go up the stairs. The stairs lead you straight to the bar. 
I didn't try any of the food, but this review is mainly for the bartenders. 
I was having a rough night. They were extremely kind to me. They gave me shots and treated me like I was an old friend, even though, it was my first time there. 
Their beer selection is pretty good and the staff is pretty awesome. 
I will have to go back and give the food a try for a future review. 
It's nestled on Broad St and has a great view of the city. 
I also really enjoyed the music selection which was 90's hits and that just makes my heart happy! hahaWe had a very nice time and our server was a sweetheart! Pretty sure her name was Brooke!Another review that would have been 3 1/2 stars but yelp doesn't go to that level of detail in the rating.
Food: I had the Swordfish and my wife had the Meatloaf. The sauce and the corn succotash made the meal for me. The Swordfish was slightly overcooked and somewhat dry but the sauce and succotash helped moisten the fish. My wife said her meatloaf was different than other places, but still good in the non traditional meatloaf sense.  
Service: The service was fine but nothing to sway me to say it was great or bad. 
Atmosphere:The place was well lit and had a nice view from it's 2nd floor location. Nice backroom for pool and the bar seemed to be setup well.
Drinks:The beer list was very good and some of the specialty drinks sounded interesting.Great burgers, good ambiance, good beer selection. See their website or twitter for specials, I stumbled on it, and we paid 1/2 Yards and burgers. Good spot to catch up with a friend, or watch a game. Very good food.My wife and I travelled to Philly for a wedding. We were looking for a casual place with good food. We found it. Great burger - unbelievable beer selection. The staff was very friendly. This is a great spot.Finally sat down for dinner here on New Year's Eve. The bf and I made reservations for around 8, because we liked the fact that they didn't have a prix fixe menu or an expensive open bar...and were pouring some Ballast Point beers!
Our server was so sweet. She gave us the right amount of time to sit back and enjoy the night and not feel rushed. We each ordered our respective Ballast Point brews and the fresh mozzarella to start. I was torn between ordering a burger (they've got those La Frieda meats) and the salmon. They also had a couple specials for the evening too, most of them were fish. I went with the salmon, and my boyfriend went with the burger with gruyere, caramelized onions, arugula, and garlic aioli. I had a bite of his burger -- when people say "melt in your mouth" this is what they are talking about. Truly. My salmon was good; I really liked the red pepper puree. 
The dining atmosphere is nice here. I definitely recommend dinner here for a date or even with a group of friends. The view down Broad Street actually is a selling point. Warm, cozy setting, and nice people.
I really like it here. But see...whenever I go to a beer bar to eat, I can't help but compare it to Varga, and that makes things very very difficult when it comes to a 5-star rating.
I will be back for a meal, and I want to try some nachos and get my own burger! What I love most about this place is their happy hour and pub snacks. Seriously, their happy hour is one of the best in the city. 1/2 off drafts.Unreliable ratings?. I believe that this pub would fall under the 'unreliable reviews' category based on my personal experience there recently, and also because the majority of reviewers have only one rating. I was a guest at the DoubleTree Hotel across the street, and my guess is that this is where the majority of their business comes from - from people like me who didn't know better, and who was going by ratings on Urbanspoon... We got the fish and chips, which was actually pretty decent - lightly fried and tasty - but it all went downhill from there. They were out of an appetizer and one of the drinks that we ordered. We ordered 4 mixed drinks - all of them were terrible with non-complimentary flavors. I had not seen such combinations before - I guess they score points for originality, but they lose many more for terrible taste. We actually didn't finish any of our mixed drinks. My meal - the fish tacos- the fish was soggy, and only made more palatable with the hot sauce that accompanied it. The drinks were so bad, that we left and had a drink and dessert at the bar at the hotel across the street. Service was fair. There are many other eating options in this area, and I would recommend going elsewhere.Good sports bar. Good beer. Good service. Slightly above average food.I was pleasantly surprised by Perch Pub. I'd assumed it would be full of suburbanites (hey, like me) enjoying an after-theater drink at a "safe" and "clean" downtown bar. I thought it would be overpriced and stuffy. 
Instead, the bar was quite comfortable with friendly bartenders. The kind that gladly let you sample the craft brews and help you choose a drink from their wide selection.  They also had really good specialty cocktails. 
It was quiet enough to converse with friends, and there was a television for anyone who preferred to watch the hockey game. I guess this is a sign of me getting older: I'll pay a little more for my quality drink, enjoy it, and enjoy the company of my friends in a nice place like Perch Pub.One of our favorite brunch spots! My husband and I have been here a few times. We love their breakfast pizza (fontina cheese is simply delicious!), French toast and the buttermilk biscuits. Coffee is pretty good but I like their drinks especially mimosa.This place is awesome for the beer.  They have an extensive brew list with about a dozen rotating choices on tap.  It's a well-edited selection, but the best part is the super reasonable prices.  It's a great place to experiment with microbrews you've never tried...most of the choices on the beer list are in the $5-$8 range.
Unfortunately, the bar area is smallish.  We've been several times and the service always seemed to be lacking a little.  Despite the other reviews, I find that the crowd actually is very suburbanite-headed-to-a-show combined with a bit of Center-City-lawyer-after-work.  I believe every time we've been here was an early (around 6-8) weekend night.  It doesn't really matter since I'm not there to socialize or make friends, but maybe worth noting.
The food looks good, but otherwise I can't comment as we've moved on to dinner elsewhere every time.
**Edited to add that I've now eaten here twice.  First time we snacked on the pretzel and it was ridiculously good.  A few nights ago we shared an order of buffalo wings and the gruyere burger.  Both were excellent.  Big yay for the food.Perch Pub is perched (shocking) above Broad Street and has a decent little view of one of Philly's main streets.  The beer list here is great and their cocktails look equally as enjoyable.  We stumbled in here last night and they were incredibly accommodating to our group.  We started at the bar, but then decided to switch to table service.  They transferred our orders with minimal problems and our food came out quickly.  The hummus was awesome and came with a side of gherkins (which I couldn't stop eating).  The fries came with a spicy ketchup that I personally wasn't a fan of, but I still ate the entire plate anyway.  I waddled back to my apartment around 1:30, happily full.  It was a nice end to a good night out with friends.    
Perch Pub is a win in my book.I made my first trip to Perch Pub last night for a burger and beers with a friend before heading over to Movie Monday at the Troc. 
Perch Pub is on the second floor at 1354 Locust. The dining room has huge windows with great views overlooking The Avenue of the Arts and Locust St. I found it to be very clean inside, and very cozy with exposed brick and decor in warm tones-- perfect for a relaxing happy hour. 
Speaking of happy hour... 1/2 off everything on tap, and the tap was loaded with rotating (some seasonal) craft brews. My friend and I each had two of the Voodoo Headless Horseman pumpkin ales-- perfect for fall (for a couple of girls who aren't fans of super hoppy beer). 
Our apps-- spiced pumpkin soup and Philly soft pretzels with ale fondue and chocolate stout mustard-- were as good and unique as we'd hoped. I also had a French Burger (having read a favorable review of their burgers beforehand): Gruyere cheese, carmelized onions, arugula and garlic aioli, which I ordered medium-- and was actually cooked medium. Absolutely delicious. My friend also really enjoyed her Mediterranean melt.
One thing that surprised me was that this place seemed to remain pretty empty for the entire happy hour span-- but it was a Monday. I have nothing to complain about here-- the employees were super friendly and attentive, bathrooms were clean, and food/beer was fantastic. I will definitely return to Perch with friends for happy hour and/or dinner sometime soon.Friends and I were walking around the city unsure of where to go for dinner and drinks. I was craving a good burger and looked at a couple of restaurants/pubs and this was closest by. Perch pub has a nice sports bar type of ambience and good for groups. The menu selection was good for what we were there for I suppose. I think my burger was just alright though, not as flavorful as I had expected but the applewood bacon jam was quite interesting on my burger. I may come back for other dishes on the menu, but not much really stood out for me here.The Perch Pub is our go-to whenever we want a good lunch that's not too expensive. Given its location you would assume that its very expensive and always crowded but its usually quite and always has a good view. I would definitely recommend for locals and people coming in for a show!I decided that a burger and fries would be the only way to brave through the seemingly thousandth night of rain we've had recently.  We headed to perch pub because of everyone's rave yelp reviews.  
The location would not be my first choice were I a restauranteur . . . but the second floor view is pretty exciting, especially on a rainy night.  
Normally when I order a burger and fries, I only really want the fries.  Thus I typically finish the fries in a hurry and am no longer hungry enough to eat the burger.  Our burgers at Perch were soooooooo good that it was the fries I couldn't finish.
We opted to split the french burger and the wake and bacon burger.   Both were delicious.  The Wake and bacon burger, however, might join the ranks of my top five burgers in Philadelphia (dining companion said it definitely made his top five list).  It was perfectly cooked, perfectly flavored, and so just downright amazing that I really no longer wanted to split it and had to restrain myself from asking for the other half back.  
The beer list is also pretty great.  Great list on tap.  
I will definitely be back and will not share my burger next time.Haven't done many reviews on here in a while, but I felt the need to commend Perch Pub after attending on New Years Eve.
While in town for the Winter Classic, I wanted to find a bar to ring in the new year that A) didn't have an insane cover charge, and B) would be free of a certain type of person of the Italian persuasion likely from New Jersey (by the way, I'm Italian. But not like "them").
I was able to find Perch Pub and was intrigued by their menu, as well as a quality list of beer selections featuring Ballast Point, a San Diego brewery. And the fact that they had the "first happy hour of 2012" starting at 12:01? Bonus.
Turns out, it was a great experience. Our waitress, Natalie, was absolutely outstanding in every way, from showing off her vast knowledge of all things pilsner to her welcoming, and just plain awesome, demeanor.
The rest of the night was great as the drop of the ball was shown, party favors were given, balloons were strewn throughout and oh yeah, the first happy hour of 2012 started too!
Great beer selection, the Perch Nachos are outstanding. Will definitely be back. And not just for New Years!Muddled jalapenos in a cocktail; why didn't I think of that?  Creative cocktails that combine beer and your harsher liquors and an impressive straight up beer selection is this place's calling.  
The bar was nicely designed with a circular cove at the far end to accommodate a large bar group.  The bar also has oddly comfortable bench seating along the windows.
PS: There is a happy hour that starts at 5.So it was their opening night, 4 p.m. so evening is the better word. I met my friends there and we enjoyed a great view, and both amicable and knowledgeable service by three gentleman donned in plaid.  I loved the beer selection and the spiced peanuts that were served in cute jars. Only minus for the new little bird on the block? Opening night really should come with drink specials to welcome us to the nest. I didn't eat so I can't report in on that yet, maybe next time.Well, I'd love to review this place but I walked all the way there on a lovely Sunday afternoon to catch some Phils action and a bite to eat to find out they don't open till 4 pm on Sundays...whaaat!??? Major Fail! Despite this, I would still like to check the place out. Just had to make note of this though- especially because they advertise specials and give aways during Phils game- they should be open during Phils games then:)Awesome beer selection, rotating drafts beers, good food, friendly bartenders, good mix of rock and pop music, can't ask for much moreTypical pub food. 
The "Philadelphia spring roll" was a strange concoction of beef and American cheese wrapped in rice paper and served with an chipotle ketchup (which was excellent). Very small portion for 9 dollars, and really just not a good item. It's something you'd have thought was a good idea when you were a college student. i highly suggest to Perch they get rid of this thing. 
Solid beer list with reasonable prices.
The chicken pot pie was soupy and tasted like something you'd get at an Applebees or similar. 1-2 stars. 
The fish tacos were much better than I expected. The catfish wasn't blackened like the menu said it would be, but it was cooked very tender and flavorful. 3-4 stars for that. However, at $8 for two tacos, I'd be reluctant to get it again for a meal.
I read many reviews for poor service. We didn't have this experience exactly. Our server was friendly and attentive, although he did seem a little pushy. He picked up the final tab before we left the table. I ABSOLUTELY HATE THAT, and it's something that will make me never visit a restaurant again. Definitely a dealbreaker.Food was good. We got the Philly Spring Rolls. They were delicious. We split the steak and frites. I was still hungry so I ordered the BYO Burger. It had really good  flavor. The garlic aioli and spicy ketchup were awesome condiments. I will definitely return.