Museum itself was great.  Many great works housed in a huge, beautiful building.  What I didn't appreciate were the thugs that are permitted to hang around in front of the museum by the statue of Rocky.  They were aggressive and very threatening.  Not sure why the museum allows this to happen on their grounds.  Lawsuit waiting to happen.I judge new museums against every other museum I've been to, and the Philadelphia Museum of Art one definitely holds its own. I made a day of it by walking the Schuylkill River Trail to the museum, viewing the collections, and eating a picnic lunch on the lawns outside afterwards. It was definitely not a bad way to spend a day.
The museum spans three floors with collections including American art, Asian art, European art, Modern and Contemporary art, Costumes and Textiles, Arms and Armor, Photography, and Special Exhibitions. The museum is obviously architecturally gorgeous, and from the top of the steps it offers beautiful views of the Philadelphia skyline.
The standouts for me were the first floor's European Art 1850-1900 and Modern and Contemporary Art sections. They contained some little-known pieces by artists like Picasso and Monet as well as a very large collection by Marcel Duchamp, which you just don't see everywhere (or, in my case, anywhere outside of art history books). The second floor's Asian Art wing was also really impressive, with fully rebuilt large-scale rooms displaying a Japanese teahouse, an Indian temple hall, and a Chinese reception hall and scholar's study. These rooms were all completely authentic and unique to any art museum I have ever been to, which give it a more field museum vibe and created a sort of living art experience. I also loved the collection of blue-and-white Dutch tiles and Delft-made ceramics, which I have never seen outside of the Netherlands. 
On a ratings note, as a Missouri native I am spoiled by the beautiful and free St. Louis and Kansas City art museums. If the Philadelphia Museum of Art was a free museum instead of a $16-per-person museum (not that it's not worth it!) I would be adding on that last star.This is one of my favorite places to be by myself. I don't play well with others in museums. I enjoy the large open spaces that you can wander through in the museum as well as the connecting grounds that lead to The Waterworks. I've seen a great many exhibits here, having grown up in the area. I am always impressed by the special exhibits that they bring in from all over the world. Some of the highlights certainly include the Japanese tea house and temple as well as some of the iconic Christian art. Of course, no one should miss out on the weaponry exhibit. I really like the new Pearlman Center which recently opened across the street and showcases more modern pieces. Their Japanese Kimono exhibit this past summer was stunning. The whole building receives a generous amount of natural sunlight which is a plus during the gloomy Northeastern winter. I think the docents here do a wonderful job and I always come away from a tour thoroughly informed. The less time consuming audio headsets are equally informative if you rather go it alone. I'm kind of annoyed that they put up a "Rocky" statue, but at least it's tucked out of the way. I would skip dining in the museum as a meal here can be pretty pricey. Head to one of the restaurants up the road in Fairmount.I had a week night free and Philly and this was my entertainment of choice. I lucked out and it was Wednesday so closing time is 8 pm instead of the normal 5 pm. 
The collection of American artists is really superb. Most people can recognize many of the main artists. 
.... And there's also the steps that rocky runs  up in the names sake training montages. There's a bronze Rocky too.Awesome museum centrally located in the heart of Philadelphia. I knew I had to come when my trip coincided with the "Paint The Revolution" exhibit. The first thing that caught my eye besides the herd of tourists running up the "Rocky" steps (insert Rocky II motivational music) was the architecture of the building. Stunning. I mean, the Met it ain't but it's beautiful, nonetheless. The highlight of the trip was seeing the paintings of Frida Kahlo and Diego Rivera. My only complaints: The  multitude of art 'experts,' who were clearly lacking in spatial awareness. I didn't appreciate being pressed against some fat guys tits whilst trying to appreciate "The Death of Zapata." It was almost the death of me. The other complaint, was paying $9 for the Barefoot wine that I usually get on special: 2 for $3, at my local Rite Aid. However, I do recognize that overcharging patrons is the norm when visiting places such as these, and of course I support art (Especially, when I can get loaded in the process). Totally worth the $20 entrance fee and nearly being smothered.This museum is HELLA (so Cali of me) big!
We got free tix from my sister's friend and glad we had the chance to visit. 
Just from the outside, we took photos imitating Rocky (the move) running from the museum steps. LOL
Cezanne and Beyond exhibition was going on but we need a special ticket for that so we skipped it.
Lots of paintings, artifacts-you know normal museum stuff...but we really enjoyed the Japanese Ceremonial Teahouses/Sunkaraku. Loved the architecture and design. So intricate-I just want to take one home.
When you have @ least have a half a day in Philly-this is a must stop and take in all the history and masterpieces.Audubon to Warhol great American still life  Easy to hear  , see very informative come out with a better understanding of still life  Came on Sunday was not as busy as we expected .  A little pricey as we are not members anymore  20$ general admission. 5 $ extra for special exhibit  . Try to come on First Sunday of each month it's pay what you wish  brochure says every wed after five better   But double check because this is Philly  land of the Eagles !! great museum I just feel 25 $  is a little to much for many family's   You can run up the steps in front for free as of today (go Rocky )Amazing special exhibit of impressionist painters! Beautiful work all in one place!
 we went to the basement café for lunch and had Mexican bowls- MUCH better than our last trip when we had greasy  cheese steaks and burgers in the other café.Has to be one of the top five Fine Arts museums in the country! If you are visiting Philadelphia and you like art, this is a must visit. If you live in Philadelphia, then I hope you appreciate what you have. The highlights for me where the Japanese tea house, Japanese temple, Chinese temple ceiling and the Hindu temple. My only complaint is that they don't sell postcards of any of the works of art!?!? At least they weren't when I was there today. When I visit an art museum for the first time, I always get post cards of my favourite pieces that I saw. There were at least half a dozen post cards I was looking forward to getting here... bummer.Fantastic museum with something for everyone. I love the events the museum holds, and particularly the "pay as you wish" admission prices on the 1st Sundays of every month (although it will be crowded, very long lines). 
I saw the International Pop Art Exhibit on a 1st Sunday, and it was absolutely fantastic. Not only was the collection incredibly well-curated and meaningful, but the exhibit had plenty of descriptive plaques, and I left feeling that I learned a lot about the art and history of the era/countries featured.I like art.  I don't know if art likes me but I think it does because it doesn't run away when I get real close to it.  It also doesn't run away when I touch it.  Shhh!  Don't tell anyone I do that!  It's a secret thing that art and I have together.  I mean, can you blame me?  How can you walk by something so beautiful and not want to just molest the crap out of it?  Art is so nice here.  
There's art here that I haven't seen before in other museums.  Yes, yes, all the NYC museums are nice and have these expensively expansive collections, but you're not in New York when you're in Philadelphia.  You're in Philadelphia when you're in Philadelphia, and this museum really sates the appetite.  
I think it's a little pricey however.  I think I paid something like $15 or $20.  That's probably standard but I'm just used to going to museums for free because of my employer's corporate membership.  Too bad they don't have a membership here.  Bastards.
There's this Japanese tea room exhibit that's really nice.  It's really big and you can walk around in a small reconstructed area of Japan that allows you to feel like you are actually in Japan.  I say this as a non-Japanese person so I could be way off on this.  But as an ignorant American, it feels pretty authentic!  Us ign'nt Americans are easy to trick.
I like art.  It lets me molest it.Architecture, architecture, architecture. Yes, the Philadelphia Museum of Art has some amazing pieces in their collection. Yes, the visiting exhibits offer a rare opportunity to see some amazing works you would normally have to travel far to see. Yes, the view of the city from the museum steps is fantastic. And yes, there is a rocky statue out front where you can pose like a tourist. But why do I go to the Philadelphia Museum of Art? The architecture. 
Next time you visit the Museum, walk into each room and then ignore the art in frames. Just look up!Excellent museum!
We spent about 4 hours in this museum and definitely didn't see everything - that's how impressive it is!
With three levels of art - from paintings and sculpture, to amazing pieces of furniture and pottery, textiles and more - one visit here is like traveling in a time machine all across the world. The diversity of exhibits really was breathtaking, and truly exhibits a wide range of art - no matter your preferences.Wow.  $20 for a 2 day pass is such a great idea/bargain.  There is no way you can see it all in one day!  Admission gets you in to the Rodin museum as well.  Very cool , Philadelphia!
I went to see the Paint the Revolution exhibit of Mexican modern artists.  I happened to be in town to be able to see it and I was so excited.  Frida, Diego and Siquieros...pretty dope.
The museum was busy but not super packed on a Saturday afternoon.  We were able to freely stroll thru the exhibit, little cafe and gift shop with no problems.The Museum is nice; however, I feel it is a bit pricey with $20 admission fee. The staff at the counter on Tuesday morning was extremely rude, arrogant and behaved extremely entitled. It's a shame for the museum, but because the staff was so rude, I would not go there again.Lovely collection of art from many important movements in history. My favorite is their collection of modern art. One should also walk the steps in front of the museum to trace the steps of Sylvester Stallone in the movie, "Rocky."  The gardens and river walk behind the museum are great in the spring.The Philadelphia Museum of Art is truly a phenomenal place.  It's a gorgeous building that looks like it belongs in Europe and the view of the city from the steps is breathtaking.  It's a must see for all residents and visitors.
It has been ages since I've been through the permanent exhibits, so I can't really speak to those.  I only go to see special exhibits, with the most recent visit to see Frida Kahlo, and Dali prior to that.  Both of these exhibits were wonderful, if you haven't been to see Frida yet, go! 
My biggest gripe is the crowds.  Ugh.  The museum needs to do a better job managing them.  They make you shuffle through a loooong line that weaves all over the place before you enter the exhibit.  And then once you're in the exhibit, you need a suit of armor to push and shove your way up to the work.  NOTE TO SELF:  DO NOT GO TO SPECIAL EXHIBITS ON WEEKENDS.  Damn, I really need to remember that next time.  
Also, if you don't typically wear deodorant, please do so.  It was warm in there and people were stinkin' up the place.  Be considerate of others.For some reason as New Englanders we were unaware of the breadth and quality of the collection at the Philadelphia Museum of Art. (Did this have anything to do with connecting it with the "Rocky" steps rather than the quality of the collection?) There is a fabulous range of art from every period, including a dazzling number of French Impressionist paintings. The second floor recreates rooms from English manor houses, a Japanese courtyard and tea house, Medieval arches and courtyards -- all collected in the 19th Century and brought to Philadelphia when wealthy Americans could buy such things and arrange for them to be shipped across the Atlantic and reinstalled in a museum. (Another example would be the Metropolitan Museum's Cloisters in New York.) We spent a full afternoon at the museum and it wasn't enough time to see the range of art. Fortunately, our ticket was good for two consecutive days so we made room in our schedule to come back the following day to spend more time at this wonderful museum.I live in the Chicago area and love the Art Institute of Chicago, but I loved the Philadelphia Museum of Art just as much, though it was a different style of art museum. 
First of all, the building itself is beautiful: a neoclassical style of brown dolomite, with mythological freizes and finials adorning the outside. Bypass all the goofs snapping their picture with the "Rocky" statue at the base of the stairs and step inside to enjoy the art.
I focused less on the master painters (though they are in attendance) and more on the various collections. There was an array of local folk art, glass work, and ceramics. Then there were the rooms showcasing certain artifacts (say, illuminated Books of Hours) that were then done up to resemble their native surroundings (so, a medieval chapel). There was a Moroccan room full of tile work and rugs, an Indian room with pillars of gods and boddhisattvas (that looked like something out of Indiana Jones), etc; normally there is a Japanese tea house but it was being restored. 
We saw the Marcel Duchamp exhibit as well; the Dadaists just don't speak to me, and I find this piece ("Etant donnes") a bit creepy, but its making was meticulously documented.
I liked the diverse selection that made up the Director's Collection, including handmade wrought iron gates by Samuel Yellin; my friend and I had seen more of his work at the Rosenbach Museum. I marvel at the strength that it must have taken to get iron to yield into such delicate vines and flowers, and for him to attain such symmetry. 
The guards were friendly and laid-back, explaining things up front (for example, when we bought our tickets, the guy at the desk said that you can take photos in most galleries without a flash; later, as we were going into a gallery of photos, a female guard came up and kindly told us that there were no photographs allowed in this area). This beats the heck out of the sullen or officious treatment you get in some places (witness the guard at the Dallas Museum of Art who shoved her arm between my father's face and a table-style display case when she perceived that he was looking at something too closely...wtf? When you have low lighting to preserve fragile materials plus older eyes, yeah, people are going to take a closer look. And it's BEHIND GLASS. Get a grip. In any case, there's gotta be a politer way to say "Please step back" than throwing your arm in someone's face).
The place was practically empty (because of Columbus Day? School day?), so that was quite a treat. I hope for the museum's sake that this is not normally the case (i.e. people are coming and supporting this great resource!)
Overall, a splendid cultural asset.One of the BEST museums I've been to. I typically get so bored with museums, but this one is laid out well and the way they set up the rooms is much more immersive than other art museums. 
Amazing works of art - if you go on the first Sunday of the month, it's pay what you wish. That was so awesome and MUCH appreciated!Good museum featuring a lot of historical art. It reminded me of the Metropolitan Museum of Art in NYC, except smaller. The collection is a wide variety of paintings, prints, sculptures, and photos of mainly European, Asian and American origin. There was a very cool armor room with armor from throughout history too. Every Wednesday evening is a free (pay whatever you want) night.huge. large. awesome. awesomer. srsly. I love how the museum is broken down into digestable pieces. I love the Sunday pay as you wish day too. I plan on becoming a member. Every time I go I see something I missed from before. Its one of those must see places when your family is in town. 
I love the destil section.Got a chance to take my wife to the museum this Sunday and this place never ceases to amaze. I haven't been here in over  15 years and coming back was a treat. It's always amazing to see such a broad scape of art. My wife was particularly impressed with the armory and as the Asian arts area will be closing for renovation we made sure to catch that as well. 
We had lunch in the cafeteria and it was fantastic. The burritos made to order are huge and very fresh. I was surprised to see beer was available! The fresh cookies, muffins and cakes were also really good! 
We just need more time and I think we will be becoming members this year as well!First off, it's hilarious to run up the steps to the Philadelphia Museum of Art and jump around at the top like Rocky from Rocky 1 like you're the first person to think about doing it.  Then, you look around and see others doing it and your smile fades... 
However, it returns upon entering the museum's front door and you know you've walked into somewhere really cool. Thousands of works of art, statues and historical exhibits lie within the thousands of square feet of this amazing museum. We lived in Philly for almost 3 years and I must say, it's a great museum, been to the Louvre, MOMA, and a few other pretty amazing museums, this one is  up there, as well.  They had an amazing Egyptian exhibit for awhile, and the Frida Kahlo exhibit was fantastic, better than her house in Mexico City (which doesn't actually have too much of her art, disappointingly). 
Go to the Natural History Museum close by and the Ben Franklin Museum, both really worthwhile.What an awesome museum: Not only can you spend all day inside going gaga over incredible art, but you can sit outside and watch every dork running up the steps and doing the "Rocky pose". Seriously, I think I only saw a few people who DIDN'T act like big nerds. Bring a camera for those who fall on the steps. :)
I don't know if the Armor exhibit is temporary, but it's awesome. Total dude exhibit. My husband was in that area for about an hour while I walked through the Modern section. Great for the male ego: "I would look AWESOME in full body steel armor". There's also a nice European print exhibition in the lower level by the cafeteria: Political satires, childrens' games, and playing cards so old they would crumble if you touched them bare handed.  
Cafeteria is decent, except the salad bar is $0.55 PER OUNCE. Duh, should have read that a little closer. Our lunch was pricey, but good. Yes, I could have brought a Power bar, but that wouldn't have been much fun. 
Go here. It rocks.i have actually never been inside.  but if you're a fan of rocky.  you'll appreciate this place.  run up the steps, soak in the glory.  oh yes.  you'll love it.  on a warm day, jump in the fountain if you get the chance.  
i also was fortunate cause the time i visited the rocky statue was placed there.  so that was pretty darn cool.
the scenery is nice, the steps are awesome.
do yourself a favor, do what every tourist does and run up those steps and feel like a champ.We thoroughly enjoyed the architecture of this building!  It is quite possibly one of the most beautiful and intricate buildings we have been in.  The various exhibits were also just a exquisite, and we enjoyed seeing some of our favorite artists, including Van Gough, Matisse, Cassat and Monet.  In addition, the Asian Art exhibit was amazing, in addition to the current exhibition, "Paint the Revolution: Mexican Modernism, 1910-1950."  Many pieces to that cause much pause and reflection.  
We went on New Year's Day, and in addition to the holiday, the first Sunday of the month was "pay what you want."  This is a great option over the normally $20 per adult fee.  If you don't get there on a pay what you'd like day, you have access to multiple buildings of the art campus AND have access for two days.  So while the sticker price may seem high, the actual opportunity to see a variety of pieces of art throughout the city is quite the return of investing.
Given the holiday and other museums in the area being closed, we found the museum to be a bit more crowded than we'd prefer when we tour museums.
Also, I don't know it it's just me or if times have changed, but please refrain from using your cellular device in a gallery.  Snap a photo (that's a great memory), but please don't wish Aunt Bertha a Happy New Year!
Overall, we enjoyed our time here.  We spent the entire afternoon touring the building.  A must see in Philly!Sadly, many tourists flock here simply to photograph the steps where Rocky made his triumphant climb. Those who fail to enter the huge Greco-Roman building will miss seeing one of the finest collections of art objects in America. Paintings, sculptures, and decorative arts are grouped within set periods in L-shaped wings off the central court on two stories. On the ground level, French- and English-inspired domestic objects are highlights of the Colonial and Federal galleries, and there are rooms exhibiting Amish and Shaker crafts. The 19th-century gallery features works by Philadelphia native Thomas Eakins, who captured the spirit of the city in watercolors and oils. Upstairs, spread over eighty-three galleries, is a chronological sweep of European arts from medieval times through about 1850, including a treasure trove from the Renaissance period. Visitors can take a break in one of three surprisingly good and reasonably priced dining spots serving quick noshes like salads, soups, sandwiches, and pastries, in addition to more elaborate meals. Open until 8:45pm on Friday, with music, lectures, and film presentations among the draws, the museum has become an unlikely but popular place for end-of-the-workweek socializing. Sunday admission is pay-what-you-wish.Art after 5..........
What more can you ask for!! Wine, eclectic music, food, and art all in one place!!!! I am an avid avid avid fan of art after 5. After 5 oclock friday evenings takes on a whole new persona at the philadelphia museum of art. The tables are pulled out the make shift bars are carefully placed in different parts of the museum and the musicians are summoned to play for a sophisticated group of drunk but quietly poised mature adults. 
Come early and you'll be lucky enough to nab yourself a circular table right in front of all that musical action. You'll have a place to eat the food being offered and every week they have signature mixed drinks assigned!! When you're good and ready you're welcomed to meander your way through the hallways enjoying the historical artifacts that make up our existence, only you're not allowed to carry your sophisticated drink around with you so that's why I stress "when you're good and ready". LOL
We love going and will always find rhyme and reason to go.Uhm .. pay as you wish on the First Sunday of every month and Wednesdays (after 6PM?) - yes please! Reminds me of my 8th grade days in NYC at the MET. 
The GF and I came here for the Treasures of Korea exhibit and being from said motherland (though now naturalized USA), it was great to see some of these historical items. This came with an audio tour, which was nice, though some more context on the exhibits themselves would have been helpful (instead of simply "Red Pot". The best part though? At the end there was a huge line so people could practice writing their American name in Korean! The GF had some fun with that. 
The rest of the museum is replete with sections dedicated to Classical, European, Asian, Modern, and really Modern (aka "I could have done that"), among others. You could spend days here and not have seen everything. So get out there and get some culture!Great mix of different types of art and time periods. I really enjoyed the contemporary and Asian exhibits here. Bring your student ID - the admission for students is $14! I also liked that a lot of the workers here were so friendly and talked to us about some of their favorite pieces, great experience!If you're into art this museum is for you.  It has a ton of great pieces.  They had a section that was about knights and armor which I thought was awesome.  They have a complimentary coat check which is always nice in the winter.  We received tickets from a business but I believe normally they have an admissions fee.  All in all it's a great museum!  Another plus is the Rocky steps!I still love the PMA. I took myself to see the Gee's Bend exhibit today. Normally, I meander through exhibits on my own, but today I decided to take the free guided tour. I have to say having a tour guide really made a difference. The woman could have been a little more friendly - I felt she was a tad brusque in her answering of questions - but her knowledge of quilting, quilt design and the Gee's Bend aesthetic made up for her demeanor. Since she had met with the women/artists when they came for the opening of the exhibit so we was able to share all sorts of little bits of stories with us. The quilts were absolutely stunning and I'm inspired to break out the sewing machine. I really enjoyed the photography mini exhibit at the beginning with intimate portraits of some of the artists. The 28 minute documentary at the Perelman center was a great addition and another way to "meet" the quilters. I like that the museum continued the exhibit in Perelman by adding examples of Victorian and Amish quilting. This is only the second time in my life that I have bought the "coffee table book" of an exhibit, but I was so taken with the Gee's Bend exhibit that I couldn't resist. Also, there were double discounts for members! 
I also popped into the James Castle exhibit which was equally fascinating.  Once again, my membership pays for itself.Great museum with good changing exhibits. Beautiful building and interiors.   Don't forget to do the Rocky run up the steps.The Museum of Art is a great place to visit while you're in Philly. This place has everything, Monet, Van Gogh, medieval weapons, and statues that seem to defy physics. Not only are the pieces of art spectacular, the staff is also incredible. My friends and I especially loved speaking with Nate in the Modern and Contemporary Art exhibit. He told us about a Jackson Pollock painting and asked us to find the man and the woman. It was an abstract painting and we were hesitant at first, but Nate gave us the confidence we needed to start pointing out clues, and we found them!! Nate was awesome. He also gave us a pep talk about how we must follow our dreams and our passions and to cut toxic people out of our lives?? It was amazing. We felt like true art critics. Nate was definitely the highlight, but my friends and I enjoyed all the exhibits. Definitely check it out (and find Nate if you want to love yourself)!!!I just saw the Renior Landscapes exhibit and absolutely loved it.  Hurry up and get there before January 6th!!!!  Just make sure you leave enough time to explore the rest of the museum.I loved this museum! Reminds me of good ol' Nelson Atkins Art Museum in Kansas City! I purchased a ticket and my pass was good for the next day as well! I was there for 2 hours and still didn't get through everything. But my favorite part was the Asian art on the second floor, and seeing the Great Stair Hall. The Arms and Armor was interesting, it has a Game of Thrones feel to it haha. The Rocky Balboa statue is located at the bottom of the museum steps. I'd watch out for the hustlers who will  gladly take as many pictures for you in return for compensation. This was annoying, I did not ask him to do it, he volunteered with the utmost friendly and cheerful attitude and then later asked to help him out -_- yeah-- so obviously he wasn't doing it out of the goodness of his heart. Just a heads up, do NOT fall for it if you're not willing to tip. Bring your own selfie stick.Disclaimer before you read this review. I only went here to run up the stairs that rocky ran up. I did not go in and witness any art. Everyone knows that it's not the real Mona Lisa anyways. The real one is in a vault behind Thomas Jeffersons head on mount rushmore. Back to the point, the stairs were everything I expected. I ran them as hard as rocky, maybe even harder. I ran those steps so hard. The girlfriend walked them. If Rocky trained like her, he would have lost. Well he did lose, but he would have lost in the 1st round.I had such an amazing time at this museum! I enjoy museum in general but this one is huge and has a lot of different exhibits from different time periods! The pop art exhibit rocked! The American art exhibit is very cool, you can see original furniture pieces and home stuff that has change for the better!
I really recommended this place for anyone that loves art, self discovery, and just have a great time!Incredible collection and loved the rooms with various themes: Japanese tea house, Southeast Asian, Middle Eastern. Great Vermeers,  beautiful Sargeant oil paintings, just wish I had allocated more time. Didn't realize all the various nooks and crannies that one can explore and also escape the crowds from. Definitely a step above the Boston Art Museum, just for the vast expanse of its collection.I love first Sundays. You get the non artsy crowd - especially those with kids. Even for the non artsy people, this place is a philly landmark and the centerpiece of various festivals, etc. Or to even indulge your inner tourist and be Rocky on its steps.
By the way, the real Rocky statue is not there. Don't take a picture with the fake statue there.MUST-SEE. Beautiful. 
This museum was fantastic. We had the BEST tour guide. He was adorable and way too excited about art and sex. My mom and I had a great time making penis jokes with him while everyone else stood silent and far away from us. At one point he went up to a baby chilling in a stroller and whispered, "You won't remember any of this." Oh, and the art was great too. This is definitely a great place to go in Philadelphia.What is not to love about this museum? The Calder hanging in the entrance?  The amazing tapestries? The very cool music and cocktails on Friday nights?  It's a great embodiment of the city. Cultural, eclectic, diverse and easy to navigate.The fact is, this museum is just big enough to feel like a real museum but small enough to be accessible.great museum.  They have some dirty stuff.  Some big golden penis called princess x, a picture that one of the security ladies will show you is a million of penii and boobs, and something called water and candle or something similar where you look into a hole in a wall and it is a naked ladies..... 
well there is much more stuff, it is huge.  Anything from Armor, to Shaker furniture, to classical stuff.  There are even Van Gogh's.  
Expensive parking but they validate
in summer they have a concert series that is very nice and people swing dance...   
Fancy Schmancy restaurant and a great deli downstairs.
Just a GREAT PLACE.  Come for the Rocky Statue, stay for the other stuff.Good Lord how could some many art treasures exist in one building.  Vermeer only painted under 40 paintings- 2 or 3 are in here. The Whistler and Sargent pieces (one of the most seductive and dark pieces of Sargent's career and an embarrasment to the socialite's who commissioned the piece family- she loved it- they strove to hide it. Eventually it was the first Sargent to be publicly purchased and displayed in any museum). Also, if you love epic pieces they have a great piece that depicts an old 19th century medical lecture where all the students are watching the body being examined- I believe by Thomas Eakins. It stands an impressive 15-20 ft high and even more ft wider. A beautiful Winslow Homer collection. Also they have the most STUNNING period world reconsruction rooms of Imperial China, Japan and French Louis the someteenth. 
When you're here, save the time to see some real treasures and avoid the Rocky trap. We went, we saw and were let down with those steps.  We were going to refilm the running up the steps and pumping the arms, but saw all the other losers doing it and thought better of it.
Oh- if you get a chance and it's there that day, the corn chowder was INCREDIBLE.If you had blindfolded me I could have easily mistaken that I was in the south of France possibly, possibly. 
What an amazing structure and museum and the parkway ( boulevard) that leads up to it is just genius - i LOVE it. The city planning that went into this project and the surrounding area just adds to the feel you get when walking up to it and the steps. The entrance is just breath taking and a must see if you're in Philadelphia.One of the best museums in the USA.  Always curated impeccably.  Special exhibits have consistently been worth the traffic, admission price and crowds, but often you must purchase tickets to these far in advance for particular timing as the special exhibits are usually a great event in the art world.  I simply adore this museum and I recommend joining as a supporting member.  The view going up the steps is the best in Philly.  The Dali exhibit a couple of years ago was amazing and should be used as the standard for other museums.  The Degas before that was also something I won't forget...and I'm not a big Degas fan.  The curation is most informative, most intimate, and very very complete.  They have a knack of getting you into the mind of the artist.  Their permanent collection is one of the best in the world.  If you like Duchamp, or Impressionism, or Picasso, or Antiquities....just go.  ... and go again.  You'll need a few times just to feel it's power.  I have only regretted missing exhibits for lack of time when in Philadelphia.  Truly an American Gem.I waited over 45 minutes for someone to answer the phone..... I had a question regarding the availability of a piece of art that is "usually" (but not always) located at the museum.  I won't be visiting the museum (or purchasing a membership) because no one seems to be available to answer my question & that piece would have been the specific reason I intended to visit the museum.....ART!!!!!
Sunday AM is "pay what you want" at the art museum, which for us, means "buy our annual family membership"...  they good thing is that it included the Picasso Exhibit, and this day the Nowruz Celebration.
You have to note that the Picasso exhibit is actually the "Picasso and the Avant-Garde in Paris".... keep that in mind, there are other artists.  Don't get me wrong, 5 stars it was awesome!
The rest of the museum was "as always" great!  From the tea house, to the forbidden city, to the modern art exhibit...  really modern art... crazy and funky!
good time, good time, this is a world class museum!I finally became a member, and you should too! Living in Philly and relatively close to the art museum, I had no reason not to support this place. They have great exhibits, and the student membership ($40...you actually don't even need to show your student ID, or at least I didn't) easily covers the cost of 2 trips...but with the membership, you can go unlimited times and don't need to rush to see everything in one day. I recently checked out the Pearlman building too, which is also pretty great. I recommend going to an "Art after 5," too. As someone who usually gets home from work at 5 or 5:30, weekday museum hours aren't the greatest, but on Fridays there's free entrance for members and the museum exhibits are open until 8:45. The food and drinks are a little out of my price range, but I appreciate the later hours and great jazz...even though I'm not a huge jazz fanatic, it's fitting for the art museum and will take you from weekday exhaustion slob-ness to feeling like a sophisticated art aficionado.Great museum centrally located in the heart of Philadelphia. I knew I had to come when my trip coincided with the "Paint The Revolution" exhibit. The first thing that caught my eye besides the herd of tourists running up the "Rocky" steps (insert Rocky II motivational music) was the architecture of the building. Stunning. I mean, the Met it ain't but it's beautiful, nonetheless. The highlight of the trip was seeing the paintings of Frida Kahlo and Diego Rivera. My only complaints: The  multitude of art 'experts,' who were clearly lacking in spatial awareness. I didn't appreciate being pressed against some fat guys tits whilst trying to appreciate "The Death of Zapata." It was almost the death of me. The other complaint, was paying $9 for the Barefoot wine that I usually get on special: 2 for $3, at my local Rite Aid. However, I do recognize that overcharging patrons is the norm when visiting places such as these, and of course I support art (Especially, when I can get loaded in the process). Totally worth the $20 entrance fee and nearly being smothered.I had hoped to walk here from my hotel - a nice 2 mile stroll.  Exercise, sightseeing, and art; perfect right?  Except for the rain that foiled my one woman parade.  Instead I got a quick cab ride with a blink and you'll miss it view of the Rocky steps (you know I was going to run up them and do big champion arms at the top, right?), some streaks of green lawn, and a few fearing for my life "Philly drivers are insane" moments.
The museum was well worth it.  The lobby reminded me of the one at the Met, while the museum itself could've easily been one of the dozens I visited in Europe.
I agree with Heather wholeheartedly on her advice for the special exhibits - although I'll warn that weekdays are no better.  The exhibits should really be limited to  a certain number of people at a time rather than a flow, and I think if they changed the way they sold tickets they could manage that.  Say, only 30 people can buy tickets for the 1pm slot, and they have, oh 20 - 30 minutes to go through, and then the next group can go at 1:30 and so on. . . . life would be grand.  Shoving past people once you'd like to move on while they look at you like you're the rudest thing they've ever seen (as they shove back to try to take the space your body left open before someone else can) is not my idea of fun.  I love Frida's work and it is so detailed sometimes that I really want to get up close.  Plus, I'm not a huge fan of crowds.  That said, the exhibit was great, and I even bought a bunch of souvenirs at the end which I don't typically do. 
The rest of the museum was lovely, although I only had about 15 minutes to kill before it was my turn to line up for the special exhibit so I didn't get to see as much as I would've liked.  
** aside - Thanks to David for noticing (as always) that this is review #500.  Thanks to the museum and its kick ass Frida exhibit for making such a happy review memory.  I'd also like to thank my mom and dad, without whom none of this would've been possible.  Thank you to my . . . * music swells and drowns out typing . . *I love the PMA (Philadelphia Museum of Art)! It is so much more than simply an architecturally appealing monument of Philadelphia (though of course it is that, too). It's at the end of the parkway and Kelly Drive and surrounded by gardens, the famous "Rocky" steps, and lovely vistas of Philadelphia, the Schuylkill River, etc.
To start, the PMA houses wonderful, expansive collections: even after living in the city for 24 years, I still haven't seen every piece.
The PMA also attracts awesome and varied roving exhibits. The one I viewed most recently was "The Philadelphia Museum Of Art: Treasures from Korea: Arts and Culture of the Joseon Dynasty, 1392-1910" (still there today!) which I thoroughly enjoyed (though noted after-the-fact that it did focus on the upper echelon of society). The one before that was a "Marquee Exhibition, Roberto Capucci: Art Into Fashion," which showcased some magnificent fashion. The roving exhibits are accompanied by audio tours on phone-like devices (headphone compatible, if you happen to have some with you), which are informative and allow you to wander at your own pace.
In recent years, the PMA has worked to reach a more varied crowd. E.g.,
(1) Pay-What-You-Wish Wednesday Nights;
(2) "Art After 5," which features a variety of music genres and energetic dancing is a wonderful utilization of the PMA's beautiful foyer (though beware wearing shoes without support as standing/dancing on marble floors for hours is quite wearing on one's knees, no matter what age you are!);
(3) The Philadelphia Chamber Music Society holds chamber music performances in one of the PMA's auditoriums;
(4) Films, lectures, symposia, etc. (check the calendar: http://www.philamuseum.org/calendarEvents/programs.html?page=2).
And finally, the food options (Granite Hill restaurant, the Cafeteria, the Balcony Cafe, and the Gallery Café at Perelman), which in a non-museum setting would, of course, be the most important to me. In this case, the food operations are all Stephen Starr, so generally quite tasty and slightly overpriced, but as that's not unusual for museum food, the tasty factor makes up for it. Plus, because of the PMA's location, you're steps away from fantastic restaurants in Fairmount and within easy walking distance of the heart of Center City where culinary options abound. And now with Philadelphia marketing pop-up events at "The Oval" there was a cornucopia of delicious food trucks right across the street.
PS. If you're a student with a valid student ID, you get an entrance discount. And if you plan to go more than once a year, you might think of getting the student membership, which is only $40!Philadelphia Art museum has to be the best.  I hadn't visited since I was 6 so it was a treat to take my 2 older children ages 17 and 13 and we had a wonderful time.  We went on a Sunday which is a perfect time to go you pay whatever price you want instead of the normal fee which is perfect if you have a big family and wanna do something on a budget.  Parking on their lot was only 5 dollars(5 Dollars in Philly can someone give me the heimlich maneuver).  We learned what kind of art we loved and which kind we can kinda leave alone (modern art/art deco ughhhhhhh).  I even fell in love with a painting there "The Moorish Chief" by Eduard Charlemont such a beautiful painting I couldn't take my eyes off of it.  I even went and purchased the poster of it and am putting it up in my house.  Can't say enough of this place however if you do go wear comfortable shoes heels just don't do it lol.This is a beautiful museum that I would highly recommend going to if you are in Philly. It houses some fantastic pieces - Monet, Manet, VanGogh, Picasso, Degas, and more.Good collection of European art, also fair collection of Contemporary art. I especially liked the rooms with Faux castles, & Japanese tea houses etc... Too many tapestry & Silver ofr my taste, but still a fine Art museum & of course you do have the Rocky stairs to run up & down!Great art museum...well worthy of a visit if you are a local or a tourist. They have excellent collections of Asian and European works, as well as whole Italian fountains and Indian temples reconstructed on display inside. The armour collection is top-notch and they have a good number of contemporary and modern works. Do make sure to visit the Perelman Building across the street on the side of the museum (it's free when you visit the musuem as is the shuttle that takes you there for free) as well as the Rodin Museum (also free and on the shuttle) a few blocks down on the Parkway. The rotating main exhibits can be hits (such as Degas or Frida Kahlo) or misses (like the recent Dancing around the Bride).First class museum in a second class city. Has both of Duchamp's major works, as well as a few great readymades.  Special Exhibition when I was there was the shit.  A lot of these reviews are about impressionism...if you want to look at Impressionist paintings in this country don't front go to the MET.  Walk down the street and check out Rodin's Gates of Hell on the exterior of the Rodin museum. Why pay the admission to go inside? You've seen the rest of those Rodin works already, they're in like every museum collection in the world. Going to the Barnes is a bad move. Just getting past all of the bureaucracy and entrance bullshit makes you feel like you work for the CIA. A few masterpieces but the paintings all look sad. They're tired of being displayed salon style inside some weird fascist headquarters. Remember that documentary about when the Barnes Collection was moved from its old location? My favorite part was when that unhappy academic guy yells "PHILISTINES" to some Museum staff walking into the new building.One of the best art museums I've visited.  The collection is enormous and breathtaking.  Exhibits I saw as a teen still stick with me.  This is at the top of my list of places to see in Philly.Wonderful museum. They have a little of everything from modern, italian byzantine, to japanese. They do a great job of creating environments. They had a huge area that looked like a village settlement in feudal japan. They also had a cavish looking environment for the Knight armor area. What keeps me from giving this five stars is strictly preference. Not every exhibit is worth standing around and looking at. but I fully acknowledge that what I dont like someone else might. I love the fact that they have a pay what you want from 5-8 pm on Wednesdays. I will say though if you plan on doing this, arrive exactly at five. I spent 2 and a half hours and there were parts that I had to rush myself through because of it. Ideally 3 to 4 hours is great for this museum, assuming you read the labels. 
this is definitely a great museum and I would recommend everyone make an effort to come here.This place is incredible! For admission, you gain access to at least three museums for two consecutive days. The buses seem to be slow (I waited nearly an hour for a bus that never showed up!), but for tourists there's a bus that takes you to the main stops (Liberty Bell, Franklin Institute, etc.). The smaller museum just has a few exhibits, but you could spend two days in the main building and still not see everything! Something for everyone too - ancient art through contemporary.This is a really amazing museum. It is ABSOLUTELY ENORMOUS, and has something for everyone. We spent 3-4 hours here, and could easily have spent twice that. We typically gravitate to modern and contemporary art, and spent most of our time in this section. The Duchamp collection is particularly impressive/memorable - I had never seen Etant donnes or The Large Glass before, and those were both really cool. We also wandered through a lot of the rest of the museum, taking some time to look at whatever striked us. The armor and weaponry is extremely cool, and it's amazing how much we know about who made what and how, despite it having happened hundreds of years ago. I also particularly enjoyed the Asian art sections - they had interspersed modern/contemporary Japanese and Korean pieces with the older stuff, which was an interesting juxtaposition. It also represented a lot of artists that I hadn't seen before. The Mexican Modernism exhibit was interesting and had a lot of cool pieces, though I ran out of time to read a lot of the accompanying information. I also thought it was really cool that admission to the Rodin museum was included. Would definitely come back here if I were back in town - there's no shortage of things to see.The PMA is one of the better museums I have been to. I go here fairly often because I am an art student and I take art history classes sometimes. If you are an art history student it's free (also on the first Sunday of every month and after 5 on Wednesdays it's pay what you want). I like how a lot of their art is built into the architecture. They have a pretty decent collection although nothing overly spectacular/famous. The exhibitions are usually very nicely curated and worth seeing. On Wednesdays from 5-9 they have cool events like arts and crafts and yoga. My favorite thing about the museum is the architecture inside and out. The Rocky steps are iconic looking up but looking down has the best view of the city and if you walk around up top it is just gorgeous. Also the Schuykill trail that goes right by it is a great place for a walk or run. Definitely go during sunset because it is GORGEOUS.Very nice permanent collection and very good 'big' shows (e.g., Renoir, Kahlo, Picasso, etc). In my opinion, the best thing about the museum is Art After Five - always great music (and sometimes really really great), good drinks and good food. In the summer, you can also sit outside on the west entrance (by the big columns) and drink martinis while checking out the parkway. Probably the best thing about the museum is the women who organizes Art After Five (don't know her name) and the security guard Clifford (he really knows his art and we both love Bruce Nauman's piece 'Days', which was on display at the museum a few months ago).
TIP: if you visit more than twice, definitely cheaper to become a member. Too bad martinis are not free to members during Art After Five.
Can't wait until their big expansion is done (still many years away though)So grand and so beautiful. We loved the attention to detail and the great effort to create an encapsulating ambiance in each room. For example, many rooms had specifically installed door frames related to the art within. Also I have a theory that some rooms even added certain scents to augment the experience (the room with the paintings of flowers smelled like flowers I swear!). Ten thumbs up!!!Been wanting to go here for like 8 years and finally I had a chance to go! Went with a friend and it was worth the wait! I loved everything about this museum..This place is amazing! We've done a lot of museum but rarely have we seen such collections. If you are visiting Philadelphia, this is a must. You HAVE to stop there. We spent 2 hours there on Friday and stayed for a little while after 6pm to listen to the jazz concert that they were giving. 
We
Had to come back (the ticket is valid for 2 days!) to visit the rest of the museum, as we didn't have time to see the contemporary part.This is an excellent gallery.  I am most fond of contemporary and modern art, so that is the focus of this review.  There is an extensive collection of European and early American art as well, I just don't talk much about it because that's not where my interest lies.
Duchamp's Nude Descending a Staircase and Donati's Carnival of Venice alone are worth the price of admission.  There is also an impressive collection of Monet, Renoir and Picasso.  (They've only one Dali, but I guess you can't have everything.)  They've also got my husband's favourite Calder, which he was delighted to get to see.  The authentic Japanese teahouse is gorgeous and they've done beautiful work transforming rooms into recreations of the day.  (I'm not a huge furniture fan, but they've definitely got a big collection.)  Their arms and armor is also quite nice -- it's the best I've seen outside the Met.  I also quite liked their glass collection.
We were there in time to see their exhibit of Dave Heath's photographs and it was one of the best photo exhibits I've seen.  The space was extremely well utilized.
There were several groups (schools and whatnot) with docents or instructors.  Even when comprised of a fairly large number of people, it was apparent that care was taken to insure discussion did not get too loud.  I was never disturbed by these groups, which is unusual for me.  The gallery apparently is also very understanding of artists as we saw one painting a study within one of the galleries. 
Guards are extremely friendly and helpful.
Free coat check is a nice perk.
I also really liked that the cost of entry was for two days and included several buildings.  We only had time to visit the main building and then the Rodin Museum the next day, but it was nice to have the options.
Open late on Wednesdays.I've been in Philadelphia for almost three years now and this was my first visit. You shouldn't wait as long as I did because the museum is great. The amount of works in there is comparable to almost any other art museum in the country. The layout is a bit confusing at times, but if it's your first visit, grab a map and figure it out. Or you can just get lost like I did and enjoy it anyway.I am not an art person but I do love coming here and pretending I see the deeper meaning and significance of certain works. But most of all, I really just like how peaceful I feel when I'm in the museum. There is something about how massive it is. I also took my 5th graders here on a field trip a few years ago and the staff was so accommodating and great with the students.Having heard raving reviews about the museum we (my family) finally decided to visit the Philadelphia Museum of Art or PMA (as known locally). 
We stepped in at around 4pm and they are about to close in an hour. The ticketing lady was very considerate and charged only for one building and only for two tickets (though we were three in number). 
The collection was good, but not as incredible as the reviews said it would be. We did not have the time to visit the main building and I believe it may house the more valuable and astounding collections.We went here on Wednesday evening. After 5pm on Wednesday's you can pay what you want. We had a great time. The museum was open until 8:45pm. There is so much to see. Be prepared to do a lot of walking. I really enjoyed going here. I've been trying to get there for awhile and I'm glad I finally made it. There is a parking garage behind the museum, parking is $12 for 4 hours if you get the ticket validated from the museum. I'm not a big fan of Philadelphia but this is something you need to experience. The museum was not crowded at all.I came here on my most recent trip to Philly.  I do live in New York which has great museums like the Met and MOMA but I can still appreciate great museums in other cities.  My favorite part was the Japanese wing, don't leave until you check out that wing.  The impressionist art wing was also fantastic.  My only regret is that I didn't run up and down the stairs just like Rocky.We stopped here strictly for the Rocky experience.   Kids loved it - they the 200 steps twice.   Great photo op.Sad they don't have free admission for students anymore but it was really sweet that a ticket was valid for two consecutive visits so you're paying for a two day pass and if I planned that better I wouldn't have rushed to see everything in 1 day. 
But it's relatively small so it CAN be done in a day.
The photo section was under construction so that was a bummer.
Had to drink my feelings in the cafeteria to make up for it. But yea, $6 shipyard and some cheddar broccoli soup while I look at some art, not too shabby.
And I love that they encorperate art and historical artifacts into the actual structure of the building. The entry ways and the Japanese tea room. -all awesome. 
Lots to see for everyone. All kinds of great goodies and it isn't ever packed or piled around the popular stuff. Van Gogh paintings and Monet's just free to see clearly unlike the MET. 
They also have a modern art section and a huge video installations. 
Oh also look out for some iPads near some artifacts that give you a little extra info for you history buffs!We went for the Rocky steps and decided to go into the museum as well. I don't really care for art museums, but this one was actually good. It did not take us long once we were inside- maybe an hour and a half. Students should remember their IDs, this place actually checks them.OK, so.. I must return and soon. I didn't get a chance to really spend the ample amount of time that I wanted to since we had a time crunch. It was my sister's birthday and I decided to treat my 20 and 17 year old sisters, along with my 4 year old preschooler, to a day of art and culture... The 20 year was the only one really there for it, but I'm gonna keep exposing the youngins until they appreciate! LOL. I LOVE museums... I find them to be so fascinating and this one was no exception. Really only got a chance to visit the American and Asian art sections.. which was a bummer (this place is huge). I was a bit disappointed that the African art section was in another building that you had to ride a shuttle to get to... Next time, I will plan accordingly. I like that the Bank of America allows a free ticket to an account holder every first weekend of the month. This saved me $20! And also that the ticket is good for the next consecutive day. I wish I was still out in Philly to go back... *sigh. Will return!
Oh and I almost forgot! Added bonus to see the Rocky statue and run up "the" stairs. Photo ops are such a bonus to the experience!Philadelphia is truly fortunate to have a world-class art museum. 
We attended American Watercolor this afternoon. It was superb. The curators told a coherent and interesting story about the history of American watercolor. The narration was good.  
I took two small children and one middle school child to this exhibit. They loved it! They especially loved the painting with many umbrellas. Although this exhibit was not meant for young children, with proper explanation and a bit of patience young children will find the landscape and portraiture interesting.  It is all about pointing out things that are relevant to them.  For example, there was a painting by Glackens entitled Christmas Shoppers that depicted a busy holiday scene from New York City. You could see a Santa Claus, people with packages, a girl with a doll, and many small children.  The museum was insightful to include pieces that children would enjoy. They also liked Old King Cole by Maxfield Parrish because they were familiar with the nursery rhyme.
The smaller children have enjoyed Art Splash and seeing the re-created buildings. Last summer, we enjoyed learning about the art of Africa.Spectacular, amazing, beautiful. Cannot praise this museum enough.
I spent 6 hours here before I had to admit is reached saturation and my feet couldn't take it anymore.
Any trip to Philadelphia is not complete without visiting this gem.
There is something for everyone of all ages!!Awesome collection! I get inspired every time I visit. You could get lost for hours inside, exploring the different rooms and exhibits. Learn about history, and art, and leave inspired by, and in awe of the amazing work inside! Such skill, much art.Coming from Washington, DC, where we have the Smithsonian, I'm almost embarrassed to admit this, but...
This is one of the best museums I've ever visited. Ever.
I went to Philly with a friend (who has a BA in art history) at the beginning of March to see the Eastern State Penitentiary, and we decided to stop by the museum while we waited for our guided tour since it was only a few blocks away.
Even though neither of us have ever seen Rocky, we had a lot of fun with the stairs, and the inside was even better.  There were quite a few pieces that we were surprised to see in Philadelphia, of all places -- Sunflowers?  I would have guessed that that was in Europe somewhere, but no.  It's in Philly, along with works by all the big names I remember from my 8th Grade Art Class.
Seeing as we were on a schedule, we didn't get to spend as much time in the Museum as we would have liked, and I regret that we spent so much time downstairs -- the upstairs exhibits were some of the most interesting displays I've ever seen.  I'll probably be back pretty soon, even with the somewhat steep admission price (although, being from the DC area, I've been spoiled by the abundance of free museums) -- one of my friends just got into a PhD program at Drexel, so I think I'll be coming up with excuses to visit the city more.Was in town for a day trip from NYC and this was on my list of places to go visit. It's a bit of a hassle getting here, as the promenade leading up to it is undergoing construction, and there's no sidewalk or pedestrian crossing nearby, so you have to wait till the traffic stops to run across. First stop was the Rocky statue at the bottom. Beware of panhandlers and hecklers, who will ask you if they can take photos for you and then demand $5 for them, just ask someone in your group or another tourist, as these people will get nasty. The museum itself, from the outside, is stunning. Once inside, I found out that the day I was visiting, Wednesday, is pay-what-you-wish from 5:30 to closing, which was perfect. After paying, if you have a bag, you must check it in as you will not be allowed into the galleries with a bag, so i had to check my bag downstairs. It's free, and the bagcheck lady was extremely sweet. There's wifi at the museum, but it's very spotty in some places, but it still works. The museum itself is vast, and full of interesting artwork. The guards were nice, polite. However, much of the museum was closed off, for no apparent reason. I'm guessing because it was pay-what-you-wish, they decided to close up those sections. The museum is captivating, and I will definitely come back here.LOTS to see here, and you'll probably lose track of time at the PMA. There are some great Philly-centric stuff (see: rowing!) as well as art through time and space. Come wander around on a lazy Sunday (first Sunday, when you can pay whatever you want??) If you don't have time to go in, I would still recommend coming and running up the stairs and admiring the architecture :) It's a gorgeous place to go on a sunny day as well, there's a great garden in the back.Great deal with a ticket for 2 days of entrance. Don't need to rush over the hundred rooms organized to present a vast collection of art from the world.
Impressed by Thomas Eakins  as by the armor of chevalery.
Impressionist collection and finishing by surrealims, it's a great trip to go for.
Night opening on friday,  jazz band in the hall, what could go wrong?beautiful place, went here a couple times over the last year, especially loveddddd the Impressionist exhibit and the medieval exhibit. just a great place to go and see art, beautiful, just beautiful. best place on earth to see wonderful art. if youre looking to go see art at an iconic place, go here.I've been here many times since the early 80's.  It never disappoints.  It always has beautiful events and special exhibitions going on.  The museum is impressive and has art competing with major cities and countries all over the world.The building is lovely and huge. They have well designed rooms that are really interesting - the ones that I saw include a Chinese temple and a Japanese tea house and a Roman plaza and a Hindu temple. 
The modern art wing is really well curated, with lots of rooms dedicated to a single artists. The sculptures and the video exhibitions were superb. 
I was able to cover it all in 3 hours, walking through everything and spending concentrated time in the modern art wing. 
The outdoors sculpture garden was really underwhelming, with just a few pieces. The view of the river outside the west entrance is nice though. 
Across the street is the Perelman building, which had an exhibition of three artists' works of furniture that was really great. They also have a cool projection of a letter from Ghandi to Hitler on a screen of smoke. Besides for that all the other galleries were in transition so I didn't see much, but I'd recommend you go on over there and check it out. 
There is a constant line to get in all day on the first Sunday of the month since it is pay what you will. I waited maybe 45 minutes to get in.The PMA is a pretty good museum.  It has some nice European medieval architecture, a cool Japanese teahouse, and a smattering of decent Impressionist work.  But there is very little European art pre-1850, and a lot of the rooms are more decorative art than fine art.  If you like chairs, desks, plates and glassware, you will be happy.  If you want to see Rembrandt or Monet or the other masters, try the Met in NY......This museum was pretty cool.  It was sort of like a concentrated Met- smaller, but with overall better pieces.  My only complaint was that there was a guard in every room and since there weren't too many people, they had nothing to do besides stare at us.  I do like the Met in NYC and the MFA in Boston better.As you get older, you learn to appreciate things. I remember going here for field trips from school, thought it was to kill time, didn't really mean anything to me. But as I got older, started to see the different types sculptures,art work, Contemporary works to portraits,still-life & archaeological finds, from different cultures. Thought it was so exquisite. Being from Fashion world, realize that the past -affects all things present, designs, etc. Amazing !! They have different exhibits all the time, categorized in sep. departments. Love it there!! spend a whole day there,as well as drop off visitors, too.Not the Met but it is still one of the best museums in the US (at least that I have been to).  
Their permanent collections are very nice; my favorite piece being Picasso's Three Musicians.  
They get many of the better traveling shows, including Frida Kahlo's recent show.  
Take your girl, guy, family, kids...whoever you feel might benefit from a bit of high-end culture!Philadelphia Museum of Art, or PMA as we call it, is a world class cultural institution situated on the site of the original Fairmount Waterworks (its elevated position high atop "Cherry Hill" gave its reservoir the necessary gravity to create decent water pressure when Philadelphia was a much smaller city. The waterworks building complex on the PMA campus, built on the Schuylkill, is a holdover/relic from those days of yore. Today you can enjoy a snack or a meal there. But I digress).
PMA rocks. PMA hosts permanent French Impressionists collections rivaling Paris, New York, London.
PMA has huge collections of American Art: Early American, Antebellum, Victorian, Jazz Age. PMA has great collections of Modern Art... from Impressionists, to Cubists to Post Modernists.
Show me the Monet!
PMA has Vincent. PMA has Rembrandt. PMA has Pablo. PMA has Diego. Mary Cassat. Thomas Eakins. Pierre-Auguste Renoir. Claude Monet. Tons more.
PMA hosts wonderful temporary and traveling exhibitions, too. PMA has Arms and Armor. What kid doesn't like this? PMA has a French Cloister, and ancient art from India and just about everywhere else.
PMA shows often eclipse NYC, and are sometimes the only venue in the East, or in the US. 
PMA is hip. Friday afternoon PMA hosts Art After Five, where local hipsters rub shoulders with artsy types and get down with eclectic, hectic, and mellow sounds ranging from jazz to swing, traditional to avant garde.
Being a member is the best way to PMA. If you dig art, it's a total bargain. Go anytime you like, hang out for an hour or all day long. Enjoy special passes to the hottest shows. Membership also includes admission to the Perelman Building annex, and to the Rodin, too. Members get special complimentary tours and breaks on lectures; even a discount at the Museum shop upon renewal.
PMA is an important asset for this town, this region, and this country.
PMA is not just for high brows. PMA is an education for everybody. I love it. I wish I could spend more time there.Ok, so you can see the museum from many angles while you drive in and out of downtown. You hang your head out of the window like a good tourist and yell "ROCKYYYY" !!!!!
After you've had your moment you realise it houses some great art. We spent a good two hours at this museum which at the time had a special Picasso exhibit so that was beyond awesome.
BUT the reason that it gets just an A-OK from me and three stars is its poor layout. There is nothing worse than going around in circles and getting lost at a museum but his museum was worse than that. You had to walk all the way down each wing all the way to the end, only to find out there is no exit and you have to walk through the entire exhibit again to get out. This is very time consuming and frustrating. 
The cafeteria was also pricey but we had to eat there since it was raining COWS outside. 
Thumbs up for student pricing!I recently attended the Art After 5 and had a great time. The live band and light fare for a reasonable price is all you can ask for. I enjoyed being able to browse the entire museum at my own leisure after some appetizers and maybe some wine. The Kano exhibit is a must see because you need to see the details up close.Always a great experience and Wednesday after 5is pay as you wish.  Can't beat that.  My favorite part is the Japanese villiage.  Great for a date or just a day of culture.I had a great experience at Philadelphia museum of art. It was the first museum that I had to visit in Philadelphia. I was impressed by all the art work this location has. I can see my self returning againCezanne and Beyond is worth it...so get over there in the next few days if you can.  I love going to the art museum because I feel like I am transcended to another time period and country.  It's such a beautiful building. The museum is a wonderful outing for a lazy weekend afternoon.  They have pieces from all different genres, so whether you're into Ancient Asian art, Armor, or Modern exhibits, you can go see what you enjoy the most. If it is nice outside, take a stroll out the west entrance to the terrace over looking the Schuylkill River and wind yourself down to Kelly Drive for nice walk along the park.  Don't forget to get your picture taken with the sculpture of Rocky out front!
I'll have to become a member, because it is much cheaper than non-member tickets.  That is why I only give it 4 stars.Pay What You Wish Wednesdays at the Philadelphia Museum of Art is a revelation! I went last Wednesday with my girlfriend, and we had a really wonderful night. Not only did we get to spend some time scanning some incredible collections, but we also were able to go to a screening of the Hollywood classic, Sunset Boulevard.
I wasn't aware that the Museum of Art had so much to offer. A person can get spoiled by the great art museums of the world. After hours spent, sometimes unwillingly, at the D'Orsay or the Louvre, the MoMA or the Uffizi, I doubted that I would be so taken by the offerings at Philadelphia's museum. I found, however, that the collection of both European and American artwork was astounding, certainly one of the best along the Eastern Seaboard. Truth be told, I can't wake to venture back; this museum requires and deserves a minimum of 2 hours.
On a completely unrelated note, my best time up the Rocky Steps is 14 seconds. Get at me when you beat my time, which I'm sure you will.What a fabulous art museum, and best of all it's free on Sundays! Whoopee!
Great collection of a variety of items to fit all tastes. My favs include some Frank Lloyd Wright rooms, and some really neat knight armor. A must see if you are visiting the city.Ah, the site of the famous Rocky stairs! My friend and I had a blast reenacting running up the stairs like he did in the movie...as did all the other tourists! -And we did pop in to use the restroom and see the gift shop. The art is really modern, and I'm regretting we didn't do the full tour because it looked like it was right up my alley! It is definitely on my list next time I visit Philly!The PMA has an amazing collection of art and artifacts from every significant era, from all parts of the world.  As a great museum should, it overwhelms the visitor with options.  European Impressionist art or African sculptures?  American modern art or European furniture?  There is a ton to see, and each topic has a boatload of examples.
Surprisingly, the Museum is easy to navigate.  Also, the staff are very friendly and helpful.
There are a lot of "famous" works here, and the audible gallery guide and maps can lead you right to them.  Or, you can aimlessly wander on your own.  You are bound to run into them; they are everywhere.
And of course, the exterior is magnificent.  There are great photo ops on the steps (go ahead and do your Rocky run; everyone else is) and looking down the Parkway, with Eakin's Oval (gorgeous statues and FREE to visit) up front and City Hall in the distance.
Don't miss the back of the Museum, where you can wander among manicured gardens and huge bronze statues.  You can also see the remnants of the pumping station, which used to be where the Museum is now.
If you can peel yourself away from the riches of the main Museum, be sure to check out its little sister, the Perelman Building, across the Parkway.  Often showing pieces from the permanent collection, this spot often has exciting shows in a more approachable (read: smaller) environment.One of the best art museum in the country,the place where you can find the best art worksOutside of The Met, this most amazing museum in the US, hands down. Don't make me fight you over it. You know it's true.
I'll start with the art itself. The collections here are outstanding. Like others have already said...Picasso? Renoir? Duchamp? Johns? Come on! Not to mention there's a fantastic medieval collection and a mind blowing costume and textiles section. There's a reason why this place hosts some of the most important art exhibitions in the world.
After you spend a day inside of the museum, take time to check out the building exterior itself. It's really quite beautiful.
Oh and I'd probably be remiss if I didn't make mention of the "Rocky Steps". Oh yes, make sure you park yourself somewhere near the top of the steps so you can enjoy the show! Marvel at the silly tourists as they run like crazy from the base of the steps, only to stop halfway up, clutching their sides and trying to catch their breath, and finally finish at the top, wearily pumping their fists in the air while huffing out a pathetic "Yo, Adrian!!". 
Where else can you all of this entertainment and culture?there's just so much.
so so much
presented tastefully, great special exhibits (time controlled, but a bit crowded on the Picasso), awesome layout, you could wander this museum for days
next time I'm in Philly I know my first stop.It was a long climb up the famous Rocky steps... Art collection of impressionist paintings is impressive. Bring your student id for discounts... Lots of wedding parties outside for pictures. Take the plash bus from city center for $2 each way.I love this place; it's huge and you can probably spend more than a full day here if you really wanted to check out every exhibit carefully. I would definitely recommend this place as one of the must-see places when visiting Philly. The architecture of the museum looks gorgeous from the outside.. definitely a beautiful and worth your time to visit landmark. I believe they offer free museum days on first Sundays of the month.. or rather they call it Pay What You Wish. However, those are the super busy days, so perhaps, not the best days to enjoy a quiet, reflective stroll. 
And yes, you definitely have to play "Eye of the Tiger" while running up the stairs and pose your victorious, champion pose like Rocky. You just have to! :)Atop of the disappointing "Rocky Steps" is a fabulous museum. The statute has been moved so stay to enjoy the museum.
Depending on your interests, I went through this museum with friends in 2 hours. I however, could've stayed for another hour or so. As a New Yorker, I have to make the obvious comparison with the MET. While this museum is not as big, they have an impressive Impressionist collection that I think might be even larger than that of the MET. I could spend hours in this wing of the museum.
However, unlike the MET, it is not suggested admission. It costs $16 and $12 for students, so remember to bring your student ID.
A must see if you visit Philadelphia, even if it's for a day trip like I did.On April 27th,I returned to this excellent art museum and concentrated on its wonderful 18th,19th,and 20th Century European paintings and sculpture.I stayed there from 10AM to 9 PM enjoying its treasures.Personal favorites were;Claude J. Vernet's"Villa at Caprarola",Jacob Maris'"Bridge at Loosduinen",Santiago Rusinol's"Interior of Cafe".Leon Frederic's"Source of Life",Claude Monet's"Etratat,Manneport",Pierre Renoir's"Bathers",Vincent Van Gogh's"Madame Roulin and Baby",and Diego Rivera's"Nieves Orozco".I also saw their fine,extensive collection of sculpture by Constantin Brancusi.I also appreciated this art museum's fine cafeteria-good food,reasonable prices.Their museum store had good art books for sale,but not have enough postcards of this art museum's great works of art.LOVE! LOVE! LOVE!
I was really impressed with the breadth of artwork on display in a myriad of different time periods and geographic representation.  I went on a Friday afternoon when it was not very crowded and was able to a perfect time to visit.  I took the bus from downtown and was dropped off across the street from the western entrance.  On my way out, I used the #38 to get back into the center of the city in order to make my way back to the roof over my head.  As a visitor, though there is no train stop, there were plenty of options to get me over to the museum.  
I really enjoyed seeing the American and European masters that had been amassed by the museum.  There were some wonderful Eakins paintings, showing the rowing heritage of the city.  I also loved how you would find a Picasso in one of the stairwells taking you between floors.  Since it was not crowded, I could get up close to Van Gogh's "Sunflowers", as well as the works of Gaugin, Seurat, Renoir, Matisse, and Monet.  I also loved being able to explore some of the contemporary art, which ranged from some of the Cubism (with Picasso) to more avant-garde works.  While it is not always my cup of tea (from my novice art perspective), I did enjoy contemplating a few rooms of the works that were on display.  On the second floor, there were also some interesting Asian art exhibits, including many relics from China,   Korea, and Thailand.  The Japanese Tea House in the back of that wing was also an interesting touch.  
Staying true to its geographic origins, there were some wonderful displays of the furniture making prowess of the region.  The pieces were well-preserved and organized quite well.  It's quite spectacular to see woodworking going back to the 1700's!  This is a great way for the museum to differentiate itself with exhibits such as this.
The map available at the ticket counter was a useful guide for my visit, and I noticed that there were several hour long free tours being conducted on different subjects throughout the day, which I found to be a nice touch (though I didn't take one).    
Overall, I really enjoyed my visit to the museum.  I am returning to Philadelphia in September and hope bring my friends for a visit!Okay, I never went inside but I did come here one super late night after cheesesteak runs. We came all the way from New York to cause some trouble. So after we had our cheesesteaks, we had to pay some tribute to Rocky Balboa. After we paid our respects to our hero, we ran the famous steps. **TIP** DO NOT SPRINT UP THE STEPS IF YOU HAD MORE THAN 2 CHEESESTEAKS, CHEESE FRIES, JALAPENO PEPPERS AND SODA. When I reach the top, I puked all over the front entrance of the museum. So who ever had to clean that up the next day, I am really sorry!
Coming here at night was very peaceful. The night life in Philly is dead compared to New York. The Museum looks beautiful and the view from the top is gorgeous. I'll be back to check out the inside of the museum next time.Great museum.  I would say you need at least 2 hrs, really 3 or 4 if u want to see everything. We did it in 2 and a half at a brisk pace but missed an entire wing of the museum. 
My favorite parts were the recreated rooms and the arms & armor section.  I would have skipped the modern art section next time and went and saw the Asian art and really old European art instead (thats the wing we missed)Large
Space with
Immersive 
Exhibits and
A collection from Rocky to Duchamp.The first place I have visited in Philly. It is massive and events, special exhibitions are going on. 
First time we went there to watch " Korean " special exhibition. We actually booked the restaurant there to try their Korean themed tasting menu. Food was Asian fusion dish which wasn't too refreshing to us anymore but the venue was pretty and we enjoyed our meal. 
The museum was very impressive. They have amazing art as much as other major museums in other city and definitely less crowded than them. You get out of it so much. My mom is artist and she said it was amazing and had wonderful time with me. I am glad I got to check out and I do know I will have to make regular visit to this place.The place is old, enormous, and fantastic. So much history, so much to explore, always bringing in new exhibits. It's just a great place for art lovers and even tourists. I believe the first Sunday of every month, entrance is by donation so you give what you want is what we were told. The only thing is that those days are usually extremely packed with families and lots of little ones running around. 
There is a cool section for children as well and live music, a cafeteria on one floor and a small refreshment drinks cafe on another.The Philadelphia Museum of Art has to be one of the most brilliant and complete collections of art in the world. Nothing about the place screams "look at me, look at me", yet there it is, room after room of some of the most priceless masterpieces in the world.
I came here not knowing what to expect and left in awe. Not only are there rooms of paintings by artists such as Picasso, Chegall, Monet, and other familiar names, there is a treasure trove of Asian art, pre and early Renaissance art, as well as furniture and glassware from Pennsylvania. There are spaces totally designed to reflect the art they house.
I am so glad I "discovered" this museum. I recommend at least a morning or an afternoon for a visit. It can be a bit overwhelming, but it is well worth it.This is a very beautiful and well-maintained art museum and monument. A staple tourist location that is appeasing to the eye. I suggest taking a photo with the Rocky Balboa statue on the lower level near the crosswalk.My sister and I have been a member at the museum, and we have been very enjoying the special exhibitions and events. I recently visited there for the Picasso exhibition, and it was great! Their audio programs are wonderful and very educational!  If you live in the area, this is a great place to get a membership and take a walk to or browse around eminent art works of many eras in art history. Its a lovely building, and it now has a spacious parking lot. It's a BIG GO GO GO place :)Got so lucky visiting at the same time the Van Gogh exhibit was running in 2012. And I seriously doubt that I've had a more memorable experience at any other big-city museum since then.One of my favorite places to visit. It was the first time that SO and I went together, so we spent our day there. We decided to go all in and get the special exhibit along with the regular admission- $25.00. 
They are running the Rembrandt and the Faces of Jesus exhibit. It was good, and I learned a bit. I think with all their special exhibits, you can get a free audio tour, but for the rest of the museum it is $5.00. 
There are so many little galleries and nooks and crannies to get lost in. My favorite wings are the Modern /Contemporary Art with Duchamp, and the European Art up to 1900- where my favorite painting, Rousseau's Carnival Night lives (in the night rotunda with the fountain, Van Goghs, and Cezannes). 
They have a lot of notable pieces and the great hall with its statue of Diana and giant mobile is such a great display of the old and new. Their armor hall isn't as impressive as the Met's, but if you bring children with you they will get a kick out of it. 
I also love their galleries with the full transplanted rooms from the UK and NYC. Makes you wonder how they got them in there!
They have a nice restaurant to dine in as well as a cafeteria for a quick bite to eat. Their gift shop is soooo good and they have a lot of print available for sale. 
It's also nice to sit outside- feel free to run up the stairs and recreate Rocky (there is also the statue tucked off to the side you can take your picture at) and take in the view of the Ben Franklin parkway, fountains, and the view of City Hall. 
Parking is $10.00 for the first 4 hours, but only if you get it validated. It's $2.00 afterward. If you visit the museum in the afternoon, I find that parking opens up in the free spots (4 hour time limit) in the neighborhoods around the museum. Definitely worth a visit (the smaller annex building- the Perelman building is also included in your visit) if you're an art fan or not.Simply my favorite museum of all time. I can go here over and over again and continue to be astonished by it's beauty, always find something I missed the previous visit. A must go to spot if you are in Philadelphia.My sister and I had a great time at this museum! We spent quite a bit of time here, and are feet were killing us afterwards! I had no idea they had such a large collection of impressionists, and two of them, Mary Cassat, and Rousseau, I had never seen their works before in person. The collections of antique furniture and furnishing is also fun as well as the amazing replications of the insides of shrines, temples and the Japanese tea house (by which I mean moving the actual insides of the buildings to the museum and re-creating them inside the building) except the Japanese tea house which was the whole darn tea house! I also liked the exhibit of the German Romantic prints a lot. The only thing I would perhaps wish for, is for the gift shops to sell more prints of the artwork they display.Impressed by the professionalism and kindness of all staff we encountered. From those we bought our tickets from , to those tending to the rooms, to the sweet lady at the museum snack shop, and the "gate keepers" at the entrances. Beautiful extensive exhibits. Thoroughly enjoyable day with many treasures to behold. 
I haven't been here since grade school. It was fun reliving a fond memory with renewed appreciation. Especially enjoyed the "knights in shining armor".Wish I had more time. My lady and I went here. Were in town for business from New York. Decided to be tourists and check the place out. I really really really wanted to see the weapons and armor section, but right when we were about to enter. THE PLACE WAS CLOSING UP. WHAT? We weren't even in the museum longer than 45 mins. and they were closing? I was VERY disapointed. I think it's pretty dumb to sell tickets considering you plan to close in less than a hour. No one can go through this whole museum in less than an hour. No way. This place is freaking HUGE. No big deal though, I got my picture taken with Rocky and ran the famous steps. Only bad part was,..... it was 14 degrees outside.... UMMMMM No thanks.
The art and artifacts are beautiful and you will drop your jaw in awwww. History right in front of your eyes. Pieces that are priceless and stuff that will make you think. If you have not been here YOU have to go. Hopefully I can finish my tour of this place next time in Philly.I came here on a Wednesday night when it was "free" admission. I quote free, because you at least have to give $.99 to get in. We paid $2 and explored for 2 hours. It was beautiful!! The building itself, the art, the artifacts, the purchased rooms from hundreds of years ago, it's absolutely incredible. I've been to museums in other major US cities as well as in Europe and this museum is definitely in my top favorites. I need to go back to explore more, because one night did not cut it. On Wednesday's they also have "Drink and Draw" where you can sketch with local artists and enjoy some beer and wine. It felt great to be a tourist in my own city and can't wait to go back!Great museum! You will probably reach it to see the legendary Rocky's steps, but do not hesitate to enter the museum. The collection is huge with a vaste area  of impressionism. You will find a lot of Monet's, Cezane's, some Van Gogh's, Picasso's. The section devoted to american art is also huge. Worth a full morning or some hours only to see some masterpieces.Rocky Steps, one of philly's claims to fame...the art inside is pretty cool too, but everyone has to run up those steps atleast once in life, the view from the top is pretty bad ass as well...Yo Adrianne!This is a world-class museum.
Van Gogh? Picasso? Monet? 
HECK YEAH. 
I'm a newbie when it comes to art. I don't really know anything about paintings. I just know that when a museum has exhibitions or works by such famous artists, I have to check it out. And I did. 
I got a student yearly pass ($40), since a one-time visit was $26. I think they're really savvy about setting up these prices, especially because the PMA is not a place that one can easily access by train. It's nested in a rather nice neighborhood, though. Quite expensive for the admission, but well worth it.
Their collection is enormous, interior clean and organized. This is probably a must-visit or must-see site in Philadelphia, and something that makes me proud to live in Philly. Redemption!
They always have new things for members, and also offer you a free black I heart PMA mug with membership.One of my favorite places in Philly and a great collection of art from all schools and movements.This is easily the best thing about Philadelphia.  (As a native Pittsburgher, don't tell anyone that I said anything nice about Philly at all.)
The Asian art collection is very impressive.  I also loved the armor.  And don't forget about the impressionists--Van Gogh, Renoir, Monet, oh my. 
The Rocky steps are also worth a stop.  It's fairly hilarious to people-watch there and count the number of people who do a victory jog to the top of the stairs within 10 minutes.I can't believe I have lived in Philly pretty much my whole life, except for a few years while my hubby was in the Navy, and I waited until now to visit this museum. This is a must go for any and everybody. The pieces on display are phenomenal. One suggestion however is wear comfortable shoes because this place is BIG and there is a lot of walking. It can also take a while to get through so I suggest maybe having a bite first. All in all you won't regret it and if you love art you will enjoy yourselves very much.kissed my now husband for the first time on the steps of this museum.  was proposed to in the gazebo on the hill and got married on the gazebo on the water.  i definitely have a special place in my heart for this museum.
besides the outside of the museum being romantic, the inside is equally amazing.  a vast collection of paintings along with one of the best displays of medieval armor.  don't miss the japanese section.  
their friday night events are pretty cool.  saw a very obscure performance a few weeks ago by the woman from cibo mato.  WOW!  the crowd was so diverse, people were dancing, kids were having a blast.  it was awesome.So much to see that we I only got through the first floor. Will definitely need to come back and go through the second floor European and Asian art.One line equals one star. No cats allowed. No thanks. I came for general admission, not Lipchitz: Up Close.This is one of my favorite museums in the country. Getting here involves a scenic half hour hike from the Market East section through the tree-lined flag decorated Banjamin Franklin Parkway and into the Museum District where you pass by the Rodin Museum, Free Library, and the Franklin Science Institute. A cab ride over won't take more than 10 minutes, but I do find my own self guided walking tour an enjoyable journey. 
You do get the best view of the city once you reach the top of those famous Rocky steps in front of the museum. Admission is $14 per person six days of the week, but Sunday is "pay what you want" starting as low as a penny. 
Free passes to the nearby Perlman Building are available where there are more contemporary exhibitions such as Henri Matisse oil paintings, Frank Geary arts & crafts, colorful African quilts, and a Japanese fashion design exhibit.
Among my favorite features of the main building are the reconstructed period rooms such as the herbal scented leaves adorned Japanese Tea House & Garden. I do find the Medieval Cloister consisting mostly of marble, gothic arches, and a Romanesque water fountain in the center the most tranquil spot in the whole museum. Going through these rooms is like being transported to a different time and place.
If you do plan on seeing everything this museum has to offer, expect to burn at least 3 hours here. You will get tired on a first visit, but you'll never get tired of the museum itself.It's no NY museum, but it's still one of my favorite museums - and now that the Barnes Foundation is a part of it, it's one of the best places in the world to see Seurats and Renoirs.Great artwork. Love the Sunflowers by Van Gogh.
It's always fun to run up the steps like Rocky Balboa.They offer a PAY-WHAT-YOU-WISH DEAL on every first Sunday of the month 10am-5pm and every Wednesday 5pm-8:45pm!
On top of such a generous deal, this museum is HUGE and offers an expansive set of art in terms of variety (American, European, Asian) and time periods (1500s to 1800s to modern and contemporary art). I'm not that into art nor am I that knowledgeable about it, but this was the first museum that actually blew me away because each exhibit's layout and architecture are designed to reflect the art, time period, and culture of the exhibit. I felt like I was exploring different worlds, which was an incredible feeling, as I went through their Modern Times (American art in the 1910s to 1950s) special exhibit to their Japanese teahouse exhibit to their collection of medieval arms and armor exhibit and more.
I recommend entering through the East Entrance (the Rocky steps), exploring the first and second floor exhibits (you can easily spend 1.5 to 3 hours here depending on how fast you browse through art), and then exiting from the West Entrance to get a nice view of Fairmount Water Works and Boathouse Row!
I never thought I'd say this about a museum, but I'd be excited to come back to the Philadelphia Museum of Art and explore even more!Besides the beautiful and iconic neoclassical building (that you may remember from a little movie called ROCKY!), the Philly Museum of Art is super impressive inside too! I hopped out of work early on a Wednesday to see the final week of the Modern Mexico exhibit. I had read on the website that they stay open late Wednesday nights, so that was the perfect opportunity! Well...maybe not. Turns out Wednesday night is "Pay What You Want" Night, so the crowds were too much. I waited over 20 minutes in the cold to just get into the building to buy a ticket, then another 20 to wait in the coat check line to check my backpack in (doh!) And finally, it was hard to enjoy the exhibit I came for with so many people in there! I think its great that the museum makes one night super accessible to people who otherwise couldn't or wouldn't pay the $20 entry fee, but I was just bummed because I had no idea beforehand. 
I was able to walk through the other parts of the building, and they have some amazing and diverse art from all periods of history. I will definitely be back!Scenic outside, breathtaking inside. One of my favourite places in Philly. The pay-what-you-want Sundays make it an affordable activity, the Japanese garden is always a joy, and the recreated monastery that's always lit like late twilight is just too pretty for words. 
This is also where my fiance and I got engaged, so I'm terrifically partial to it.Beautiful old building with excellent architecture, excellent exhibits, and overall a good vibe! Was here for a party put on by a local convention I was attending and it was great to see all of the art work. Docents were all around to help you get to where you need to go.Let's hear it for "Pay What You Wish Sunday!" 
Checked out the new Perelman building today with the family and was super excited to see the costume collection. The space itself is very impressive, but we were all surprised at how little art is actually there (as opposed to the massive collection across the street at the main location). 
The textile / fashion exhibit was beautiful but not as extensive as I would have liked. Word on the street is that it will rotate frequently, though, so I plan to come back again when it changes so I can get my fix. 
I also recommend that you check out the Stieglitz show ( amazing photography from the early 20th century). It was so inspiring - and who knew that Georgia O'Keefe (his wife) had such a kickin' body? Not me...but thanks to the Philadelphia Museum of Art, I now have a greater appreciation for her "work" as well!
All in all, it's a great addition to the community. But the best thing about the Perelman building is that there are only about 5 or 6 steps leading to the front door, making it virtually impossible to re-create the whole "Rocky" scene at this location. And to that I say, hurrah for progress.A true Philly gem! But I want free Sundays back! Not just the 1st Sunday :/
www.ohivedonethat.blogspot.comI personally don't love art but I thought this place was really boring. Like REALLY boring. I would not recommend visiting, especially since and adult ticket costs $20. There are much more fun things to do while visiting Philadelphia so don't waste your time here. And these artists were too lazy to paint clothes on the people so don't bring kids.**sings** "Getting Stronger!"
For those of you who don't know, this is the staircase that Sylvester Stallone runs onto in Rocky and you hear the Rocky Theme. Every time you go, SOMEONE reenacts the scene. Ugh (Ha, I'm such a snob).
The museum was beautiful. I was there to see the Antonio Mancini exhibit going on until January 20. I also made it a point to see the Modern collections. They have an entire Jasper Johns room, some great Salvador Dali, and some really great Joan Miro.
Take the time to go upstairs and look down into Philly. The city planners really thought about the placement of this place. Nerdy fact: it's on the highest point in the city!
Try it. You'll love it.This is one of the best museums you will find anywhere in the world! I have been to museums all over the USA, Europe and Africa. The Philly museum is just as impressive as anywhere on the planet in my humble opinion :)definitely a place to visit when you're in Philly....i loved it!Really cool museum in Philly! If you like art check it out as soon is possible, visit is absolutely worthed.Yo, don't let the stinkin natives make you feel weird about running up the Rocky steps. Just do it. Once you get there, you realize it's weird if you're NOT running. 
Didn't actually get to go inside. I wanted to check out the Jesus exhibit, but I got there too late.
Anyway, enjoy the steps and the view.The building is a national treasure. The contents inside the building are overwhelming in their beauty, importance and quantity.
If you visit Philadelphia, you must visit the Philadelphia art museum. 
When you do visit, I highly recommend going across the street to the new Perleman center. Its included with your admission, and well worth the trip across the street.Tourist alert! I came here just to do the Rocky Steps. But damn, what an epic staircase! :) I even had "Eye of the Tiger" playing in the background. 
The architecture of the museum looks amazing from the outside, and it's huge, so I can imagine a trip inside easily filling up an entire day. I am definitely a fan.You cant come to Philadelphia without visiting this place.  Parking can be a pain, and its pretty easy to get stuck in a frustrating cycle in the road directly in front of the building.  Definatly worth it in the end.  The first time I went, I expected the Rocky statue to be at the top of the steps, but it is actually at the bottom to the right.  
All day and night you can watch the tourists running up the steps to recreate the Rocky scene.Philly's art collection is legit and a half. I never have enough energy to go through the whole museum because I want to see EVERYTHING. We basically always visit Philadelphia for the art, though there are lots of other things we love in the city.
My favorite parts: 
The modern art section. I love especially their three works by Duchamp.
The rooms recreated to look like different places, especially the French room with the chandelier and the Japanese tea house... and the cloister and the Indian temple and the Chinese bedroom--okay, I really like all of them.
Great European art collection. 
The works by/suspected to be by Bosch. Rare to find in the US and really cool to look at.
Really adorable cafe, too, though it has the usual museum overpricing happening. I also liked the gift shop--you can get a small Rocky statue replica, some cool tea items, and there was a fantastic purse I saw in the display case but didn't even look at because I knew it was out of my price range for a purse.Well, my membership expires this month and not renewing it because only 1 of the 3-4 special exhibits interested me.  It seems like it is in the same boat with the Franklin Institute.  Last couple of years had some really nice exhibits- Frida Kahlo, Salvador Dali, Picasco, Renoir, etc.  Now, it seems like the only one that looks interesting is the Van Gogh coming sometime next year.  Well, overall the permanent exhibits are just amazing so this in itself makes this worthwhile.  I just think the art museum needs to just focus on a couple of worthy large scale special exhibits instead of a bunch of small lesser known special exhibits.I have been here 4 times, but this is the first time I took 2 tours.
The first was the flowers tour. Overall the tour guide kind of ruined the experience because she didn't seem to have planned the tour. Rather she was moving through the museum and just picking out paintings with flowers in them and simply describing what we (laymen) could see. The art on the other hand was exquisite. Real Monet's and Van Gogh's on loan or donated to this museum. 
The second tour I took I will highly recommend - it was European Fine Art and Interior Design. Our tour guide was fantastic - she told us the most fascinating stories behind all of the pieces she showed us and was very entertaining.Amazing collection! Heavy on the scary Medieval and Renaissance Christian art though...hallway after hallway of it. But you really cannot beat how gorgeous the museum itself is, and how beautiful the grounds are.Cezanne, Picasso, Van Gogh, Renoir, Miro....need I say more?
I checked it out during the Opera Night, which seemed fun although I just stuck to the paintings.
An impressive collection of art and I am still not done checking it out.  It blows the SF De Young museum collection out of the water.Impressive and eclectic collection covering several centuries of painting sculpture and textiles.
Took full admission at 4 on Saturday not bothering to tell us they would close in one hour.Who would ever thought you would be able to see Van Gogh, Monet, Dali, pollock, and Piccaso paintings in the same building. The who museum is great! The surrounding activities around the building are entertaining as well. Rocky steps, the Rocky statue, etc.. Well worth the price!I don't care how uncultured or ignorant I may sound, but why am I paying $20 for this museum?
Students pay $14 (I should of brought my i.d.), but that's still a lot considering I've gone to a lot of amazing museums that are FREE. This museum is not interactive or trendy enough that it needs such a price tag. Those who would really enjoy this place are extreme art enthusiasts and old people. European art - paintings and some statues. Contemporary art - handful of abstract paintings and a couple of dark/eerie exhibits. Asian - Might be the coolest section in this museum. There were absolutely no moments during my visit where I was screaming, "$20 bucks was so worth itttt!"
Was my mind blown? No. If you're visiting Philly then I'd say it's safe to pass on this one.
P.S. don't forget to validate your parking ticket so you will pay $8 instead of $32. Sheesh!after two years in philly, it was really getting to be embarrassing that i still hadn't gone to the museum...well folks...i finally went! was it everything i expected it to be? absolutely. my friend and i expected to spend quite a few hours here and that's how long we ended up staying. the vsa's are very friendly and efficient...so right from the start, this was a great experience. we started on the first floor, got lunch in their cafeteria, and then finished the other two floors. we started with contemporary, european, renaissance then asian. i have to say, my favs are the abstract expressionists...love gorky, twombly, and rothko. appreciated the pollock but why no de kooning? unless i missed him...anyways, i really loved the rothkos. 
i also love van gogh but the monet's here are stunning. 
as far as asian art goes, they were all very beautiful but i have to admit i was a little disappointed with the lack of korean and japanese art. the chinese def dominated here lol all very beautiful still. my fav was the fancy dog cage.
i will def go back and am even considering a membership!Definitely a gem of an art museum- must visit if you're in the area! They have tours running throughout the day, and the highlights tour is a must see for first timers. Famous works include Prometheus Bound by Rubens, Nude Descending a Staircase by Duchamp, and plenty of Monets, Manets, Renoirs, Cezannes, and van Goghs. Collections include the European, Asian, American, and modern. Right now there's a contemporary collection owned by the Sachs which is very cool, and the Hindu temple is being renovated but it should be finished by September. They even have a Japanese tea garden and an ancient Chinese courtyard with a jade cage inside. 
They have pay what you wish first Sundays of the month, so definitely try to catch that!excellent museum -- a definite must when visiting philadelphia!!!!
https://www.change.org/p/the-people-impeach-donald-j-trumpPractically live in this place.  Probably the best part is the "pay what you want" Sundays, which allows me to hang out in the lovely Asian wing with the Japanese tea houses, or do my homework in the room dim, cool room with the French Renaissance(I think?) fountain.
Huuuge museum with a ton of really amazing stuff.
Also seen some good exhibits here including the Dali and the Renoir ones.
And of course, there's the Rocky steps, which you can have your own epic run up or watch tourists do it.What a stunning building to house all these treasures.  Most of us jaded New Yorkers are always complimenting ourselves as being the center of art on this side of the ocean, but anyone who hasn't checked this place out has their head up their arse.  Even during the Dali exhibit, where tickets were sold out well in advance, I still had plenty of room to maneuver around and enjoy each piece on my own time.  On a regular weekend, the rest of the museum was so big and open.  If you are bringing a big non-art loving oaf with you, let him run up and down the stairs and act own his favorite meat-head movie.In the city of brotherly love, along the Schuykill River is their museum of art.  For nearly all artists and collectors, it is a place that you will enjoy very much.  Some of the most well known artists such as Renoir, Picasso and Frans Hals, among others can be found here.  Like any large museum, they also rotate impressive exhibitions.  
And, there is the famous Rocky statute at the top of the long stair case that lead to the front entrance.  A must see attraction when in Philly.The PMA is world-class fine art museum, comparable with The Metropolitan Museum of Art, Museum of Fine Arts Boston, National Gallery in Washington. The art here spans many countries and centuries. There is so much to see, you might feel overwhelmed.  If you are on vacation, you will have to choose areas of particular interest. If you live nearby (within 75 miles), you can eat some art today and return to this "restaurant" for another meal in the near future (you WILL want to come back for more).  
Probably there will be interesting special exhibitions on display when you visit.  And then, PMA also has the Perelman building literally across the street and the Rodin museum down the block.  Oh, this is like looking at a menu in a fine, gourmet restaurant - too many delicious items!  What a first-world problem!
Pace yourself.  Take a break for lunch.  Don't forget the museum store.
As Hans Hofmann said, "through a painting we can see the whole world."Wednesday 5pm-845 are "pay as you wish" nights! I was able to enjoy this beautiful museum for just $1. My first time ever going to a museum and I think I picked a pretty awesome one. I didn't even get to finish looking at all the works because this place is so huge! The installations are breath taking as well.I am not a fan of the city of Philadelphia, but this is a beautiful museum and worth the trip. Admission is $20.  It was previously free on Sundays, but now you can pay what you wish. It is so big that I have been there twice and got lost both times.  Degas and Monet are my favorites.The beautiful architecture and amazing collection. 
the neighbor is also great. 
I love the shop in their basement as well as the cafeteria.
If you lost what you want to do the friday night, you can just come here and enjoy the music. This museum in the night is absolutely beautiful pill in mind and heart. 
This is the place that can be and should be visited again and again, and again.The iconic Philadelphia Art Museum definitely delivers. It's a great way to learn about different art periods and cultures along with being exposed to new offerings that are unexpected but definitely welcomed!
Walking in, the entrance is exceptional. You walk up the steps (yes THE famous Rocky steps) and have a moment to peep the view once you make it to the large landing. Walking in the workers are very welcoming and guide you in so you can register as well as offer different tidbits on the current exhibitions. I really enjoyed the Japanese Tea Garden and Indian exhibit!
I recommend going on a weekend day so you have a good amount of time to peer through the galleries. There are also additional locations you can visit which are accessible via a Trolley! Definitely try to stop by the Perelman Building!
Have fun meandering at this must see Philadelphia site!I adore the Philly Museum of Art. I have seen some of the most interesting art exhibits, including African art/rituals/cultures and an extensive collection of Dali paintings (which was actually life changing in a way). 
The building is majestic and with a perfect location--with a lovely view of Philadelphia. 
Oh why must you be so far away from me?An absolute gem in the city - but a pricey one to be sure, especially when accounting for special exhibits.  With the famous "Rocky" steps (where you will undoubtedly see at least 2 overweight dad's with kids try to run up only to be out of breath at the second landing) and the statue of Rocky outside the museum only gets better once you are past the doors.
An extensive collection and helpful guards the only issue with the PMoA is the limited selection of pop art and a hefty focus on the classics.  With the Late Renoir exhibit on display during my visit I was thrilled with the layout of the substantial collection - likely a grouping of paintings that will never come together under one roof again.
A superb gift shop with unique items further compliments the already substantial reasons to visit the museum - unfortunately you cannot get to the shop without a ticket.What a treasure for our city.  A beautiful building full of beautiful art. 
They have lots of special events that are worth checking out.  If you go to Community College of Philadelphia, you get in free with your ID.  Other students also get a discount.
I'm proud this museum is in Philadelphia.  From knights armors to Monet and historical furniture, art takes many forms and they can be enjoyed at this museum.
My favorite collection:  the beautiful antique guns.I lived in NYC and I lived very close to the Frick, Met, and only one block away from the Whitney.
The Philadelphia Museum is so lovely.  My only wish is that it would do more and better costume exhibits.  The most memorable was the Schiapparelli. 
It is just big enough to truly enjoy your entire day without getting too overwhelmed by all the expansiveness of the layout.
Just wondering if anyone has had a good meal here since they have a few locations in the museum but I've always haven't had the best luck.This is a world-class museum that everyone who comes to Philadelphia should experience (not for the Rocky statue and to run up the steps...for the art!)  Their collection is superb and it runs the gamet from ancient Chinese and Greek to Impressionism, post-modern and pop art.  The buidling itself and the setting are breath-taking.  The only thing that prevents me from giving it a 5 is the fact that some of their collections lack depth.  For example, there is an Asian Art wing that only has about 2 or 3 galleries of Japanese art (not counting the full-size teahouse, which is really amazing).  But most of the collections are large and comprehensive.  Definitely a great way to spend an afternoon getting lost among the masterworks, both famous and not-so-famous.This is a great museum that can't be missed! Make sure you give yourself enough time because you need several hours to get through all the exhibits. I spent around 3 hours here last weekend, and I'm sure it could have been longer if I would have one of the self-guided tours.
Some of my favorite areas are the European Art 1850-1900 section which has a lot of amazing impressionist pieces from Monet, Pissaro, and Degas and the Asian art section where they have a life-size tea garden and reconstructed Hindu temple along with so many great sculptures and paintings. 
They have a lot of times where you can get a big discount on admission. Every Wednesday night after 5pm (it stays open til 8:45pm), and on the first Sunday of every month, it's pay-what-you-wish where you can pay any amount more than a penny for admission to the museum and special exhibits.There are few places in the country that beats the PMA's amazing collection!  From Monet, Degas, Picasso, Matisse, Duchamp, to Cezanne (to name a tiny fraction of the permanent collection's treasures), coming to the PMA never disappoints.  Do not miss the period rooms/spaces, especially the Indian hall, Japanese tea house, and Chinese room.  A cool time to check out the PMA is on Friday.  After 5pm, "Art After 5" begins where live music and cocktails fill the main hall of the museum, making it a unique experience.  As a student, the membership ($35.00) is a great value.  I made use of mine many times, and coming to the museum two times pays for its self.Great place to check out some cool art! It is a beautiful place inside and out! You can catch some cool people up front. 
Tip: Get our parking validated for parking in the parking deck!The PMA has boasted themselves as one of Philadelphia's largest employers, with over 300 full time employees according to their own calculations. A solid 100 + qualify for government assistance because their wages are so low.
Disgraceful. 
The institution hides behind it's status as a cultural treasure while it is in fact a disrespectful and irresponsible community member. 
Don't complain about the $20 admission to the cashier, they couldn't afford it either.
The art is wonderful.Philly's Art Museum is mostly famous worldwide for Rocky's run up the front steps, but the museum itself is a city treasure.  Very large collection of art from all periods.  Particularly worth checking out is the Asian art section -- they have a full reconstruction of an Indian temple -- and a reconstructed fountain in the Renaissance art section.  You could easily spend a whole day there and not see everything!Proximity to this place is one of the best parts of living in Philadelphia. Their Duchamp collection is nothing short of amazing, and they seem to cover all periods well. My one gripe is the security folks on our last visit: two smelled terribly and one yelled at my friend for gesturing towards a piece and saying "this is so beautiful". My friend was a good foot away from it but was chastised for touching it. Bogus.Visited: 02/20/2016
This is certainly a large museum! We even got a chance to take a picture with the Rocky statue outside the museum :) Not only was this place extremely large, but they can certainly boast their employees for being super friendly! We had this awesome guy tell us about how the museum brings their collections to life within the museum! Example: If you notice the different flooring, it is because the flooring came from that particular place that is explained within each exhibit! We were in a room that had beautiful Herringbone Parquet flooring that was in the original manor that was explained in detail at the exhibit. Of course, they had famous collections such as works from Erró and Monet :DThis is a real art museum. It is right on the river. I went a couple times in grammer school. It was fun then to make fun of the old lady with glasses talking about art. I went a couple times as an adult and it is not as good as the met but definitely worth it.  The Japanese stuff is really killer and was always impressive. It is funny because the only thing that i liked as a child were weapons and I think they have a large display of swords.It's an art museum... And rocky ran up the front steps.. How can someone not give it 5 stars?  Also if you like furniture, especially the kind that's encased in glass, this is the place for you.This museum is beautiful and has a little bit of everything for everyone.  It's a rather large museum and you need at least 4 hours to see everything, and in that time, you might just be able to just walk briskly through all the galleries.  We got lost a few times, but that was all part of the fun.  It's shame that we visited right before the Van Gogh exhibit opened up, though the prices to see that and museum entrance is a bit steep.Adrianne!!!!!!! 
I went here a few times during my brief stay in Philly and I really enjoyed the Museum. They have some wonderful art and it's a beautiful building. I remember the exhibits being a bit pricey as was the gift shop, but I guess that's a Museum for you. Is there anyone in the world who has come here and hasn't ran up the steps then pumped their fists in the air?Fantastic collection.  Take the tours! I spent the whole day in the museum by myself.  I felt the free tours were a great way to learn more about art.I hadn't been to the Philadelphia Museum of Art since elementary school and it was fabulous! Prior to going, I went to their website and the website it totally kickass. You can look at individual pieces by ROOM. Insanity, I declare.
I absolutely fell in love with Carlos Amorales' "Four Animations, Five Drawings, and a Plague" exhibition (http://www.philamuseum.org/exhibitions/313.html?page=1), which is running through July 13. Go see this! I've uploaded some photos of the Black Cloud installation, which consists of thousands of black paper moths (that not only are in the exhibition room, but also in a few other rooms in the contemporary section -- totally neat). In addition to the installation and collages, there are also four animations (totaling about 25 minutes).
Another great exhibition was "Notations: Gilbert and George," which runs through November (http://www.philamuseum.org/exhibitions/320.html).
Although my preference was definitely based in the exhibitions, the collection is very strong as well. There are some really lovely Degas pastels and a huge section dedicated to American Arts (not really my tastes, but it may be yours).
Finally, don't forget to cross the street to visit the Perelman Building. It's very small, but currently has a great Kansai Yamamoto exhibit (through Spring 2009).I love this museum! I have been to this museum 3 other times.  Essentially every time I go to Philly I visit the museum :) 
I especially like the 16th/17th century European rooms as well as the federal American rooms. I love that they were able to preserve so much furniture and items from hundreds of years ago. 
I also love the impressionist paintings.  I enjoy the all the other exhibition.The iconic stairs from the movie Rocky. YOU HAVE TO RUN THEM. It's only right. The stairs are free. The admission to the museum is not. While you're here, go a few steps next door to see & take pics with the Rocky Statue.Easiest rating I've ever had to give.
Simply the height of Philadelphia elegance and iconography. The majesty of the design, the view of the city, the countless works inside... hell, I would give this place a rave simply for the Duchamp exhibit and the American wing.
I have come here on many occasions in the past, and I still manage to find things that excite me. I could probably go hundred more times and still find something new and amazing.
If the featured exhibit interests you even in the slightest, don't hesitate- go before it's too late. The Dali exhibit that was featured in '05 was one of the most incredible collections I've ever seen in person.
Worth the price of admission, or you can wait and go on the first Sunday, you can pay what you wish; it's the perfect destination for a Sunday in the city.went to the art museum on a work trip this morning/afternoon. yes, work trip. think class trip, bus leaders, bus buddies and group photos. only difference, you were allowed to wonder off from the group and indulge in adult bevs if you felt fit.
anyway...
for the better part of my morning, i followed suit, and like the good student {now employee} i always was, i wondered the walls of the museum. 
it was enjoyable on some aspects and on others not so much. sadly, the staff of the museum were far from informative/helpful. i asked many different workers for a certain tour i was looking for, only to be told, 1. they had no idea what i was talking about. 2. they had no idea where to find said tour. {DON'T YOU WORK HERE?} luckily, one helpful young lady was able to steer me in the right direction, and alas, i was able to catch up with the nights in paris tour. {not exactly what i was expecting...but whatevs} 
and speaking of the staff, i wish they were more enthused with their jobs. there was a VERY small group, maybe two of the 15 i encountered, who had a smile on their face. everyone else was extremely miserable and not in the least friendly. you would think they would be required to smile or say hello? but nah, they just seemed angry. 
i really enjoyed the japanese tea hut and the area with the armor and knights. i also liked the big well and being able to throw a penny in to make a wish! 
overall, it was a great day off from work in a great area with great peeps.
but i definitely think the hiring committee should hold a little customer service meeting. just sayin'......An absolute must if you are showing guests around the city. The exterior of the museum itself is wonderful. Lots of fountains for photo ops and a nice garden and gazebo area. I don't recommend the tours; explore at your own pace and revel in what intrigues you. For me, it's the Asian floor complete with Indian temple relics and dozens of mysterious burial artifacts. This floor is dimly lit  in some places and adds a different aesthetic to the exhibits. I also appreciate that the lower floors have a lot of historical Philadelphia furniture and art. It is easy to forget this city's former glory in all the urban squalor. The Philadelphia Museum of Art makes me have pride in Philly and I love exploring the diverse collections. Not much else to say, this is a wonderful place.I went here on a first free recently and was surprised by the quality of the museum. I used to frequent the MET in New York so I have fairly high expectations for an art museum. This one does not disappoint. Just from the outside you get the feeling that this museum is an underrated masterpiece. It sits on the far side of the city at the end of the Benjamin Franklin parkway, right next to the river. The building itself is very grand and would not look out of place in Rome. Rocky made the tall staircase iconic so you will want to snap a pic of yourself in the Rocky pose at the top. (There is also a Rocky statue at the bottom of the stairs). We went on the first Sunday of the month, which is pay what you will. With that admission you get the main museum, the Rodin and some other properties. There are several excellent collections including a lot of early American furniture and some medieval armor. There are also several Monets that I enjoyed.
Well worth the visit and with the planned expansion it is set to become one of the world's premier art museums. Watch out METI have always regarded this museum as one of my favorites among the big ones... Met, AIC, MoMa, etc.  This past weekend was the first visit for a while... wow this place has changed in the past ten years.  Chalk it up to a nostalgic disappointment, but I really was expecting to love this place a lot more than I did.
It was crowded, so that's the first thing I didn't like.  I used to get in for free, so I'd always go late  when fewer people were there.  The exhibits and arrangements have changed a lot.  I don't know if I like them that much, but I understand the need to expand for the growing collection and more attendees.  
The Perelman Wing across the street, is free with a regular admission to the main museum.  Listed as a place that houses photography, but the collection is really small and quite disappointing to be honest.  At least it has it's own section.
I guess I used to love this place and now, seeing it in the current time period of my life, I feel a little underwhelmed.  Still a great museum and definitely worth going to... but free access to the Art Institute in Chicago has spoiled me greatly for art museums.Not really my favorite museum in the city.  I actually enjoy going to PAFA more than this well-regarded institution. 
But I love exercising on the steps, especially at night after dusk.  It's a great place to do lunges, push-ups, one-leg hops, lateral moves, etc. - and you get a great view of the city at the top of the steps.I really love visiting the PMA.  Even though it's a large museum, I don't find it as overwhelming as the Met.  They have a great modern art collection and a sizable duchamp collection.  I love wandering through the reconstructed architecture as art.  There are lovely Persian mosaics and Indian temples and Gothic arches.  One of my favorite painting is "The Crucifixion, with the Virgin and Saint John the Evangelist Mourning" by Rogier van der Weyden.  It's stunning.
  It's also great that Sundays are pay what you want day even though as a student it's more like generous offer to pay what you can.That awesome Alexander Calder mobile?
Yes, could you please wrap that up, I'll take it.
Along with some of that freakin' insanely beautiful armor.This is a very large museum with a wide-ranging collection. I very much enjoyed it. I especially enjoyed the entire rooms of transplanted courtyards or temples inside the museum. Definitely worth the price of admission, especially since the Perelman Building and the Rodin Museum are included, and you get two days on one ticket.i love this museum. it's beautiful, and a must-see if you're in the area. they have so many wonderful pieces, but just enough, so you won't get bored. i took my sister here, and even being the non-art enthusiast that she is, she still thought it was great. the security guards are also really friendly too! it wasn't particularly busy the day we went, and they pretty much gave us our own private little tour from room to room, which was really neat.
i'd recommend PMOA for sure.