Sure, if you don't know good Indian food and you automatically love any vegetarian/ gluten free spot you come across, then it makes sense that you'd give this place anything above 2 stars. 
I've been here twice (once was enough, second time was against my will) and I've tried at least six or seven things off of the menu. Only one of them was any good, the rest was made really poorly and prepared strange overall-- just read the ingredients on the menu and you'll see what I mean.
Once one of the wraps was just plain offensive and my friend couldn't get past two bites. I tried it too and thought it was pretty disgusting. Finally we sent it back because it was just plain awful and ice cold. Can't believe they would even serve it. I was surprised that they offered to serve something else in its place for free, but after having something so bad, we had pretty much lost our appetites and declined. 
The service is pretty awful as far as I've seen. They always seem to be in a terrible mood as if they hate talking to you. They can't even fake smiles or happiness for some unknown reason. It puts a sour twist on the already bland and sub-par experience.
The place itself seems super sterile and clean which is good but leaves the room smelling like soap and chemicals. They could either lighten up on the disinfectant or at least use air fresheners. The seating is fine for a shack-type spot, nothing impressive here either.
Drinks are overpriced. 
I hate going here and will avoid it at all costs. There's absolutely nothing that appeals to me about this place and I have never once actually enjoyed my meal here. There are other spots in the city to get Indian food although none of them are all that great and have similarly rude attitudes as far as I've seen. I don't like to make sweeping generalizations but you can try them for yourself and you'll see what I mean.
Friends who try to suggest this place for dinner are now ex-friends.Authentic North Indian food, great taste and made fresh compared to the other indian buffet places!I got a mango lassi and a chicken dosa with goat cheese, spinach, and portabella mushrooms. Thankfully for me, it wasn't spicy (gastrointestinal issues make it difficult for me to consume a lot of Indian spices) and the chicken was pretty flavorful. Unfortunately the coconut chutney was missing something - maybe a chai-ish spice combination? It didn't have a lot of flavor.
The mango lassi was a bit thicker than I was expecting, but I'm not super-well acquainted with Lassi. It was most definitely delicious - plenty of mango flavor!
The staff were pretty friendly - I asked if they made stuff like gulab jamun or barfi/burfi and the latter is apparently too difficult to make there, but they have made gulab jamun in the past. The desserts are switched out on something like a bi-weekly basis.
Also the dosa came with some kind of soup. It made a good dip for the dosa in the parts where there wasn't any filling (which was about two-thirds of it, for better or worse.Some really nice food in downtown philly. Worth checking it out! We had the Mysore dosa and paneer kathi roll. Both of them flavorful, the roll was a little oily. The chutney was watery. Other than, the place has decent options and the service is quick.I went back and I am sitting here in the afterglow of a bowl of sambar. It was 93 cents well spent.
I ordered:
 - Dosa with veggie chicken, spinach and roasted onion
 - Idli 
 - Sambar
 - Curry Chutney
 - Mango Chutney
 - Masala Chai
If you'll recall, a dosa is a rice-flour crepe, and an idli is a savory rice-flour cake. Sambar is a stew/gravy made from lentils, tomatoes, tamarind, hot pepper, and various spices and vegetables. An excellent accompaniment to any Indian meal, sambar can be poured on dosa, idli, rice, or just about anything.
The spinach, onion, and veggie chicken did a really nice job of adding body to a dosa as a meal. I split an order of idli with my coworker. Both the dosa and idli dipped in mango chutney, curry chutney, or sambar were, savory, spicy, and quite tasty. The sambar is solid, especially at the price point of 93 cents. Its kick leaves you with a gentle spicy glow. 
The masala chai was as expected. 
So go grab a dosa, idli, or samosa and drop an extra buck on the sambar. You'll be glad you did.We stopped in here to take a food break from watching the 2017 mummers' parade. The place was fairly quiet and the staff was helpful and friendly. I love the dosas here - tasty, light, crisp. Both the chutney and sambar that their served with were delicious. I'm a big fan of the spicy potato filling, great on a crisp January day. This is one of my long time favorite go-to value restaurants in Center City; give it a try!First time trying  PCC and it was a good experience. I tried the Chicken Tika Masala which was really flavorful and not too spicy with good amounts  of chicken. The rice was very good with the sauce. I would have liked a little more salad. My Mango Lasi was good also
My daughter got a Kati Roll which she liked. The fries were surprisingly good. 
The inside was really pleasant and clean and hip. Sort of a fast food, good quality Indian restaurant. Not a bad choice for lunch or a quick meal plus Federal Doughnuts is right next door!Blah. The concept is great and dosas are naturally gluten free, so I was all for Philadelphia Chutney opening here. I've tried similarly named Hampton Chutney in NYC and was so happy to finally eat a "sandwich" again.
Unfortunately, Philadelphia Chutney did not measure up. First, the taste of the dosa was a little overwhelming. While Hampton Chutney's dosas are a lot lighter and very subtle, these dosas tasted very sour and were too thick to have a good crisp texture. My main problem, though, was with the fillings. When you're dealing with veggies, you gotta step up the flavor. There was certainly spice, but something (salt maybe?) was lacking to balance out the flavors. The masala potatoes sounded good, but it was basically yellow mush that had zero flavor. The roasted onions were lost in the mound of potatoes, as was the paneer I was looking forward to.
The worst part was the cilantro chutney. It was HORRIBLE. It had this weird grainy texture and sort of gray in color- definitely not fresh. And a really bad coconut-like aftertaste.
I would consider returning in the future, but for now I'll stick to my trips to NYC for dosas.Excellent fast food, Indian style. The dosa's were paper thin and wonderfully greaseless-quite a trick! The chutneys were also excellent and tasty. This place is about 100 feet from my hotel, so I suspect I'll end up eating here a lot.You've got to get a dose of.... Philadelphia Chutney Company's dosas!  
...And their sambar, idli, lassis, and chutneys!!!
Having fallen in love with New York's "Hampton Chutney Company" (though not with their prices or massive crowds), I've been longing for a local place offering delicious and quick South Indian cuisine and my wish has come true!!
Philadelphia Chutney Company is just what this area of center city needed--the food is fresh, tasty, and special and the venue is comfortable with no frills or attitude.  The prices are reasonable and the service is great!
I highly recommend the mango, coconut and cilantro chutneys--and just about any dosa will be a good choice!  And make sure to get a lassi!
For a tastebud adventure that will leave you feeling very satisfied, get thee to the Philadelphia Chutney Company!What a deal! I had Samosa, the traditional old school dosa, sambar and curry chutney! It was a simple, tasty ,yummy meal for only 10$! What I ate was pretty authentic food. They do have fusion versions of dosa and I would to try some of those interesting combination  .Mind it , if you ask for spicy , they will make it SPICY!Personally, I'm an adventurous eater. However, I sometimes hang with those who are meat-and-potatoes types. So, Philadelphia Chutney Company is definitely for the meat-and-potatoes types to expand their pallet without fear of, well, I won't mention it here, but you know what I'm talking about. I've brought quite a few people here who have never eaten Indian food, are afraid of Indian food, and/or have had bad experiences eating Indian food. Any guess what, they all said "I love Indian food" at the end of the meal. Well, how could they not, considering that they're being served a freshly made on-the-spot giant, and I mean GIANT, crepe, filled with your choice of mmm-mmm good potato filling (the meat-and-potatoes people love that!), veggies, chicken, cheese, tofu, and/or a bunch of other stuff that you can mix and match with. And then to top it off you get to pick from around 6 or so different chutney dipping sauces (mango is my favorite). You can also ask them to make it non-spicy for those who either have ulcers, or get one when thinking about ethnic food. ;)
Now, for the adventurous eater, this will not blow you away. You're also not going to leave in an ambulance because you just had to try the sriracha sauce imported from the fabled island of Atlantis. However, you will definitely say, "I want to bring my friends here who are afraid of ethnic food". That's the kind of place this is. It's like a bridge between boring and interesting that will convince your friends to venture out more. And since I'm all about bridging gaps, this place deserves a 5-star rating.I have been a PCC customer for the last 3 years, but my most recent experiences have been dismal, to say the least.
Firstly, I find it very common that their sambhar (lentil soup) and coconut chutney are never consistent in taste.
Secondly, until last month, they were listed on restaurant.com , and I got super excited. I bought the coupon. Upon bringing it to the restaurant, the host immediately got rude to me, and kept saying how the owner of PCC had not set up anything in their system that could let him accept the restaurant.com coupon. 
And finally, the last straw - I went there today. Saw a bump in their dosa prices, was like "oh, that's fine, they have been here for so many years, they deserve to raise prices". I ordered my usual #3 Mysore Masala. After waiting for 20 minutes, I found that the host (same as above) had placed a wrong order for me. He decided to get it replaced, and i waited another 30 minutes. All the people ahead and after me had almost finished eating their food, and I was still waiting there. Eventually, I had to leave without any food (after already paying $9 for it). I let the host know that I am leaving, and he did not even try to stop me!!!! 
It's so sad how people don't even care about the time of their customers. 
PCC - I gave you too many chances to redeem yourselves, but you guys kept letting me down. You have permanently lost a loyal customer.For a Dosa place to be "stand out" in my book, they have to make much better dosas  than what I eat at home. Yeah, I am unfair! Dosa is my staple diet and I would have possibly consumed at least twenty to thirty thousand dosas in my life time. That makes me the expert on dosas, does it not?! 
Kidding apart, dosas do not need advertisement or a justification. But Philadelphia Chutney company tells us that people in the "third-world" need it to sustain themselves (third world, really? It is almost derogatory now although it was initially coined in a "non-alignment" context) because it is quite often the only source of nutrition (Carbs etc.,) for them. When you go in, you are greeted by a young man who looks fairly crest fallen and is almost cursing his luck to be serving you. He says "thanks" and knows his manners but no small talk, mind you. He means business and  believe me that attitude cannot be good for business. Maybe I caught him on an off-day. 
Coming to the dosas themselves, pretty below average. Tastes flat without the sour tingle that hallmarks a great dosa and distinguishes it from the also-rans. Sambhar is an apology. "Fresh" Chutney is served from a refrigerator. 
I went here on recommendation from a friend. I am going to have a little chat with him soon!The food is tasty, but probably not something I'll go out of the way to get again.  I had spicy Dal Tadka, which came with rice, some lettuce and carrots.  It was pretty good, and about the same price as vegetarian entrees at other Indian restaurants.  I also tried a plain dosa, which is like a giant crispy crepe that comes with a dipping sauce.  It was good, very light and tasty.  Unfortunately the medhu wada, fried lentil cakes, were flavorless and very oily.  The restaurant itself is a bit dark and cave-like, and eating outside on Samson is usually a loud and smelly experience, so I would recommend getting their food to go.This place is a hidden gem! Delicious food, doesn't taste authentic but definitely has its own flair and is darned good! I walked past it many a time before I ventured in and checked it out. All the dosa's are gluten-free!!!! yippee! they are also HUGE! the seasonal chutney's are typically delicious and creative, such a cilantro or garlic or pumpkin. The inside is garishly decorated but not really important because the food is great. The lassi is over priced and not very tasty which was a disappointment, but that is not a big deal compared to finding an actual good dosa spot! Either traditional flavored dosa's or delicious fusion flavors (such as arugula, balsamic onions or jack cheese etc), but all are reasonably priced and huuuge!Great local spot for Indian. The best fast casual Indian for the price in Philadelphia. The dosas, Kati rolls, and curries are all good.I loved Hampton Chutney Co in NYC and was so glad to see something similar in Philly. Cheap food, massive quantity, lots of flavor. I tried the dosas and fried lentil cake appetizer. I'm not sure I would recommend the lentil cake. It really didn't have any flavor, was served with a sauce that had slightly more flavor than the lentil cake, but still not much and the lentil cake itself had a weird texture that reminded my friend and me of eating fake chicken meat. Odd.
However, I don't know if I'm giving it a pretty positive review and rating because there really isn't any competition....Love this place. The only place where you get dosas in Philly. Only complaint is that the sambars don't come with the dosa as they normally do in a South Indian restaurant but have to be ordered separately.This place is cool. Not much to look at from the outside and nothing special inside but the food is great. Ordered the Chicken Dosas and at first, I thought WTF - I never say anything like it. But I quickly dug in and after my second visit (it was that good) I was a pro. Tasty especially with the Mango Chutney. And the dude behind the counter was very cool.Supremely disappointing.  I love southeast Indian food, and this dosa - even the traditional aspects - was unlike any other I have had.  Maybe the entirely westernized dosas are better.
First, the texture of the dosa itself was more like a dry crepe than the spongier consistency I expected.  
Second, the potato filling was not only dry, but also there were huge chunks of mealy potato.  Not appetizing.  The chunks of veggie chicken were good, but not really why I ordered a masala dosa.  
Third, the mango chutney tasted more like mango ice cream - it had a fake flavor and lacked the depth that real mango chutney has.  
I asked for my dosa to be spicy, and there were big chunks of spicy sauce glopped onto the dosa that were overpowering.  Judging from other reviews, the restaurant is inconsistent with what they mean by 'spicy.'  
The service was fast and friendly, and the staff was happy to offer suggestions, but it's not enough to make up for the terrible food.I am honestly salivating as I write this.  I can't wait to go back.  I tried two dosas on the menu, which are packed with flavor before you even add the chutney sauces they serve on the side.  Mango lassi was really good too.  The guy at the counter was super friendly.only place i know in the city where one can get a dosa...but the most delicious thing is actually an appetizer item called Gobi Manchurian (Indo-Chinese Cauliflower Snack)...it's breaded fried cauliflower with a delicious sweet and spicy sauce..this stuff is totally addicting.
The only thing to improve would be the usage of silverware & plates instead of plastic...it would just make the experience a bit better.Was I here on an off afternoon? I hope so.
#7: Avocado. Jack Cheese. Arugula. Fresh Tomato. And I added the Veggie Chicken.
The first ingredient was avocado--but it wasn't anywhere in the Dosa. The arugula was incredibly bitter--it overpowered the whole crepe. 
I'd been here once before, when it first opened, and I was so impressed. I want to be a fan of this place, but based on this visit? Not so much.
Love the concept. Was incredibly disappointed in the execution.It's not real authentic Indian food. The pav Bhaji seems like it was made from frozen vegetables and isn't authentic at all. The idli wasn't fresh and the sambar wasn't good at all. I'm definitely never going back there again.Friendly customer service and great authentic indian food with wonderful chai which is great after a nice meal. :)Worst indian food I've had in the US. The mysore masala dosa was very average. Idlis were like stones and vada was undercooked. The chutneys are bad. Sambar is decent. Didn't try the kati rolls but will not be coming back here. I don't understand why this place is popular.Interesting and tasty.  My first attempt in coming here proved to be fruitless, however when forced to go a second time I found the food to be:
Flavorful
Tasty
Abundant
Inexpensive
The woman working the register was helpful in assisting in my order and she was also quite pleasant - not the typical rude idiots you have to put up with in this city.  
The bathrooms were clean.So Bland. Where is the seasoning?
We got the Mysore Masala Dosa, the Medhu Vada, Gobi Manchurian and the Paneer Kati Rolls. Everything except the Vada were so under seasoned and Bland..I hate wasting food but I had no choice but to throw out 80% of the food we ordered. Waste of 30 Dollars :(Great Indian food in the heart of the city... Tried the traditional dishes not the fusion ones... All dishes ordered were good... Service was fast and friendly...My first dosa experience, I must admit I am a fan.
First off, these things are huge. I was thinking like the size of a typical burrito wrap, but it is really like 3 times that size, although it is incredibly light. I had one of the "modern" dosas, according to their menu. It was pretty good, but next time I will go with the traditional Masala dosa (which is seasoned potatoes). I tasted that and was immediately jealous that I didn't get it. 
Pretty good deal for the amount of food you get.The dosa is huge. I probably could eat the pancake all day. If you've never had it before, it reminds me of a really thin crispy crepe loosely wrapping a filling. I had the potato dosa and my god was it delicious. It comes with one chutney and a spicy lentil soup that you can dip it in. It was super shareable, or you can eat it on your own if you're hungry. 
The only thing that is disappointing about this place is the decor and ambiance. It's deathly quiet and sterile inside. Water jug was empty and tables were not clean. 
Will be back just for the dosa.This place. ......it's a secret phenomenally great experience.  I get the potato dosa with onions and peppers and curry. Spicy yet not overpowering. The service is always great. Best $11.00 lunch in townI was literally walking by with my girlfriend and saw this place and decided to step inside to see what kind of eats this place has to offer.  It caught my attention because it looked like a clean Indian fast food joint - don't see too many of those.  
My girlfriend has come here a few times before and says most of their food is bland.  This time we decided to try their special - the Paneer Bhurji.  And let me tell you the Paneer Bhurji will not disappoint with just the right amount of spicy wrapped in a kati roll.  It was very tasty and served piping hot. 
The service was quick and efficient with wait time less than 10 minutes.  The cashier was friendly recommending and describing different dishes.  I will go back here again to see if they can spice it up again.This place is among my top favorite places to eat on the planet.  It remains in my regular eating rotation, and I've been coming here since around the time it opened.  
Being a creature of habit, I just can't tear myself away from my usual order:  a masala dosa customized to my liking plus the sambar and chutneys.  
As a vegetarian with vegan tendencies, I am so very deeply in love with the richly flavorful veggie chicken.  So my customized order is: a masala dosa with TWO fillings (both masala and veggie chicken) plus balsamic roasted onions, roasted peppers, tomato, spinach.  
I like to call this the "#11" or "The Jen" (not on the menu, so expect different pricing).
I have travelled throughout southern India, as well as Indian communities on the east coast, enjoying the cuisine.  And hands down, the best dosas are served here.  They are described as having a "modern twist" (I.e with optional fillings such as grilled portobello mushrooms, jack cheese, American cheese, veggie chicken, etc) and yet the quality of the Indian flavors remain authentic and uncompromised.  And yes, spice level can be adjusted anywhere from "not spicy" to "Indian hot".
The people here are awesome, plus I really love how this company is mindful on serving organic when available.   I've had all the appetizers on the menu, too, as well as the mango lassi, and every item I've had has been consistently delicious.Philly Chutney Company is a solid meal place masquerading as a snack joint. The dosas are deceptively filling. The samosas are cunningly huge. 
The dosa wrapper here is thin, crisp and golden where it is left unfilled. Where it's filled, the dosa is strong enough to hold a load of ingredients without getting soggy. Try the old school masala dosa for traditional amalgamation of Indian vegetables (potatoes, peas etc...). Ask for it spicy and you'll receive a neat swatch of chili paste in your dosa. 
The tamarind dipping sauce for the samosas is slightly syrupy and damn delicious. The dipping sauces were all mediocre, save for the curry chutney, which adds an additional moist yellow curry - minus the coconut, plus the Indian flair - to any dosa. (No really, the pineapple curry tastes exactly like bad seaweed salad.)
And finally get the samosas...this is a must. It's like potato samosa vegetarian filling all yellow and warm wrapped in an entire dosa (folded several times) and deep fried. It's more like a combination of a fried dumpling and traditional samosa, but regardless...it's flipping amazing.Ok so I ended up here because I wanted falafel and was just too lazy to walk to mamas. Anyway because I was short on time I got the samosas.. and omg they were amazing, I'm a giant fan of samosas, and usually I can get them for like .85 .. These samosas were 2.50 for 2 and were enormous, (well compared to the ones I usually get) and delish.. I can't wait to go back here and try some of their other food.. I love a place where I can eat practically everything on the menu.. makes like great :D 
my one qualm is with that groty dipping sauce they serve the samosas with. However, I hate bbq sauce or anything that resembles it or it's equally as disgusting counterpart ketchup, so perhaps my judgement on that can't be taken as seriously. 
anyway try to SAMOSAS because they were niceeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeOne of the most wonderful Indian restaurants in Centre City Philadelphia area I have visited. Great blend and variety of different Indian food options available from Kerala Thali to Pav Bhaji. Food cooked well and to good standards. Owner Deepak also a wonderful host who has an ability to blend with all types of people from various different parts of India and world...!! All in all, value for money in all sense... Especially for foodies who want to stay connected with various different Indian cuisines at all times...!! Thanks, Sid.The Masala dosa is a safe bet, and some of the additions are good too. I would give the place 4 stars for the food but the service is terrible. The guy at the cash register is rude beyond measure and if you have the misfortune of going there close to the time it shuts down, be prepared to get pushed out of the restaurant unceremoniously.Amazing Food and Great Service!
This place is a totally unique experience.  Whether you're interested in authentic South Indian food or a traditional veggie wrap (i recommend #23 - paneer, brie and cucumber, yum!) there is something for everyone here!  So if you're an adventurous eater with a less adventurous dining companion - or having lunch/dinner with a big group, and worried about suiting everyone's tastes (and budget) - this restaurant is absolutely ideal.
p.s. Their mango lassi is the best I've ever had  ;o)Amazing South Indian food ‼ I enjoyed it, ate there for dinner and for lunch  Thank you‼Excellent food! I have had several dishes here including dosa, chicken and goat saag, lamb chops. All are delicious. Only place in Philadelphia that serves idli vada.
Great service!Recently they changed their prices and with it, seemed to decrease portion size. Still relatively good dosa (it is the only place in town that makes them) but I felt a little slighted last time I was there.It's just ok.  If you have a dosa craving it can do the trick, but this is no Saravana Bhavan!  Dosas are a little bland, sambar is super watery and bland (I'm a white girl and I make better sambar) but otherwise the dosas are large enough and they have a decent chutney selection.  Its impossible to find a great dosa in Philly, so I'm happy to have this place around if I have a craving that can't wait until the next time I'm in Manhattan.Quick service, interesting choices, and excellent dosa make this a great place for something different for lunch. I went old school this time with the masala dosa and was not disappointed. I will be back, next time with friends.The masala dosa was good. I ordered briyani for take out which was average. They could have added a bit more salt. It wasn't spicy as well. Medhu vada had lot of oil in it. Overall, nice place to try out.Very sour and Salty dosa without coconut chutney. They did not even have the courtesy to cancel the order or replace it. Very sour tamarind chutney- like the one bought from the store. 
No professionalism from the person on the counter. When we told him, we did not like the dosa, the only thing he said, "it's okay, don't eat it". Really?!?Love this place. The dosa here is amazinggg... Perfect for lunch and the guy at the register is really friendly. Will be back again.A small & neat, conveniently located, self-service place that prides itself in a modern healthy take on dosa (a southern Indian crispy rice, lentil crepe).
The disappointment was that while they hold promise, they got their prized attraction wrong.
Among other items, papri chat was pretty good and medu vada fresh and crispy.
The 'modern' dosa had an option to select a protien and then toppings. All versions had spinach. We chose onions, peppers, spinach and paneer as our protien. Paneer mash was alright, but all of the ingredients cooked separately and laid over the dosa didn't gel. Raw baby spinach inside of a crisp dosa was a complete failure. I removed the spinach and ate it by itself. In all the disappointment, I missed that the dosa by itself was very good and chutney very fresh and the sambhar was immaculate :).
Go for it. They like to cook and serve u well,  just need to figure out their core offering.This is the first restaurant ever felt that how great it would be if yelp have provided half star. Especially for south indians who knew the proper taste of masala dosas,sambar, chutney. They never like this restaurant. I dont understand in what sense they claim that to be a biryani. It should be called masala rice or tamarind rice. Never ever i would recomend this restaurantHUGE crispy dosas - a different way to enjoy Indian food! We were in the area and stopped by for a quick bite after visiting the Christmas village. I got a mayoor masala dosa (spicy potato) with chicken and curry chutney. Will need to come back to sample other items on the menu.As a South Asian, sometimes I just crave quick Indian food that will hit the spot. This place does not do that and my first couple tries at this place were disappointing. They have many culturally "mixed" foods on the menu that are both intriguing and confusing at the same time. For example, wraps with paneer and arugula or wraps with veggie chicken, salad, and a chutney on top?! 
I tried one of their wraps and their chilli paneer and both were like a tease for my palate. When I was craving that spicy Indian food full of flavor, what I got was food that looked great but was safely bland and mild. Definitely got the feeling they were catering to non-South Asians with their dishes. The only exception to this rule is their weekly "Chef's Special" which I am convinced is the one weekly dish they offer to the authentic Indian food cravers - last time I went they had this Paneer Bhurji wrap which was DELICIOUS. 
Overall, I do appreciate that this place has a variety of vegetarian options that are fun, different, and use meat substitutes in creative ways. Their food is good, fresh, and not greasy, so I would definitely come back here again, just not when I'm craving my Indian fix.This is one of the few good Indian eateries in Philadelphia ,especially for the items I am going to mention
 My favorites here are the Rotis ,Vegetable Kurma and the Veg Rolls. 
Rotis -THey are how Rotis are supposed to be traditionally-thin as opposed to the think Rotis you get elsewhere.
The Veg Kurma and Roti combination gels well.
They can make it mild,medium or spicy so that caters to different taste buds.
Rajiv who works there is always with a smile- fast, super friendly and brightens the day. He would even play your choice of the song if you ask for it. He knows what customer service is all about. 
The South Indian food is ok but not comparable to what you can get in NYC or NJ.
Hidden gem- Ask for Neembu Paani: It is sometimes not listed in the Menu but it is an authentic Indian drink and made really well.
Ramthis might be my own fault.... I got a dosa to-go, and I let it sit for maybe like 30 min before I ate it. By then, the dosa was no longer crispy, assuming it was when I first got it. It was still good, but probably would've been much better if i ate it right away! The filling: vegetarian chicken, arugula, peppers, onions. Pretty tasty, and thumbs up for the mango chutney. The order comes with soup, which I didn't like, but I would recommend the dosa. I'll have to update my review when I eat a dosa just made.i still don't know how to eat one of these fucking things, but it's certainly good. and it's really nice that they offer veggie chicken. i'm not a fan however of the preset filling choices. most of them have cheese + one other ingredient that i don't care for. so i often just pick a random number: "can i have a #7 with only avocado and none of the other ingredients? instead can i have roasted peppers, onions and spinach?" they probably hate me so i don't come here too often.Excellent dosa - by far the best I've had in the tri state area. Very friendly staff and great customer service. Also be sure to try the Kati roll! (Better than the ones in New York ;-)This place is the worst!!! for Indian food. It's disgusting old stale food and are you kidding me you serve "dosa" ?? The air condition is broken, there are flies all around, the food is spoilt ..DO NOT EAT the papdi chaat - I asked for medium spicy and I think it set my intestines on fire! And I have a fairly decent spice tolerance. The flavour wasn't that great either. 
I also tried the plain dosa - it was passable - but the chutney that came with it was godawful. Umm, Philadelphia "chutney" company? Never again.Holy moly dosa!! The dosas are huge and super yummy! I had the dosa stuffed with spinach, mushrooms, goat cheese, onions and paneer with coconut chutney. It was a great little surprise- I really enjoyed it. Can't wait to try other items on the menu.Awesome spot for vegetarians. Personable, accommodating staff. Fast service and one of the best dosas I've had in the U.S. Try it out!Oh found this place right next , i ordered for a classic masala dosa with cilantro, curry and coconut chutney . dosa was fresh and potato stuffing was spicy and enough.i like the flavours they added in the dosa masala ,i think is curry pata. 
my friend ordered chole poori and he said is good. but this place is very crowded in lunch time ,if u dont have enogh time ,make sure get food for to go.overall good experience and spacialy how just came from india and want to try something near by home taste .I'm giving this place another star because after a rather bad visit last week, the management immediately remedied the situation by offering me my correct meal for free. So overall I'd say the food is good here, however it's still seems understaffed  and a little slower than I'd hope for on my lunch break. I'd recommend stopping by only if you're not in a rush or during non-peak hoursPerhaps there is a lack of decent indian restaurants in the Philadelphia area so this review may be biased.  As fast food, this place is okay but food in general is below average.  It's likely the most bland Indian food I've had but to each their own.
BTW: 19 filtered out reviews = a lil shadyIt was my first time trying a dosa, and my friend said that it is as good as it gets. The serving size was huge, and I was very full by the end of the meal. Had the mango lassi and curry chutney with the Mysore Masala Dosa, which complimented the food very well.
The ambience is casual, with plastic seating and wooden tables, but it's great if you're grabbing a quick bite before heading into the city.The place is not that expensive but as far as the food goes, it has been disappointing each of the 4 times I've been here.Came w/ my Indian friend, and she liked it.. So.. I'm going to say this place is good! She introduced me to my first Indian meal back home in Houston many many many years ago, and I'm glad we got to do it again here in Philly (though I have since had many many many Indian meals)
There are a variety of dosas (traditional and Americana). Then, you get your choice of chutney w/ some seasonal varieties! I think I tried the strawberry one, which was too sweet and not flavorful / powerful enough for my dosas. I remember the mango one tasting really good.
The first time I went, I had the real chicken dosa, but I tasted a friend's and quickly realized that the mock chicken is so much more flavorful! So, I got that the second time and will continue to get it in the future! Yum!
This place is veg friendly! (Also, come w/ a pretty Indian girl on an Indian holiday, and you may just get a special sweet from their kitchen!) yay, perks!This place is amazing! I had the mysore masala dosa, Sambhar, and the samosas. Wow. I've never had such quick, incredible Indian food. The service was also fantastic and they have seriously super-sized portions. 
This restaurant alone is reason enough for me to come back to Philly.Absolutely love this place !! I was in philly for 4 days and visited this restaurant every single day . The menu has a lot of variety so there is a lot to choose from. I tried the masala dosa , biryani , chicken tikka , idli , Wada and paneer sagwala. Rajeev was very attentive. Everything thing was yum and authentic . Dosas are definitely a must try but everything on the menu is delicious and you won't be disappointed !!WOW this place is awesome. Considering a dosa costs $7 and is stuffed with vegetables, I can't think of the last time I ate this much food for so cheap.
Ingredients were fresh and tasty, and the sauces were delicious too. The mango chutney was a bit sweet and artificial tasting, but the cilantro sauce was great. I'm full and I still have leftovers for tomorrow. Also get the $1 lentil soup!
If I lived in Philly I'd be here all the time. Highly recommended.I've eaten here 3 times so far, tried something different each time but everything has been delicious so far. I was not familiar with dosas and was surprised by how large they are (as seen in the pictures others have posted)!
Prices seem reasonable especially considering the amount of food you get -  for me it's enough for 2 or 3 meals.
Friendly staff, convenient center city location with plenty of seating. I'll be back.So much bang for your buck! My hubby and I went here for lunch on a Wednesday and there wasn't a long line and plenty of seating. Ordering from the menu was a bit confusing, but the cashier was helpful and friendly. The portions were big so we ended up sharing the #6 (Grilled Portobello Mushroom, Spinach & Roasted Onions with Goat Cheese) with chicken, and an order of samosas. We asked for the cilantro chutney to go with our #6. The food was amaze-balls!!! I never had a dosa before, which is like a crepe but crunchier. The flavor of the #6 was beautifully complex but complimentary. The samosas (there was two of them) were huge, cooked right, and came with a side of mango chutney. There was a bit of delay in receiving our dosa, but not too long. In total, we spent $13 including a drink. This will definitely be our go-to spot for lunch.Now under new management and new chef the food taste has tremendous improved. I think they have the best Vegetable Briyani in town!!!!I am a vegan and this is my fav dish in philly: veggie chicken dosa with avocado tomato arugula and I substitute mushrooms instead of cheese. It's so delicious! And it actually makes me feel like I ate healthy. Also the service here is super kind!DELISH!  Had another pregnancy hunger crazed moment in route to my eyebrow stylist located on 17th between Sansom and Walnut.  I've probably passed this Philadelphia Chutney Company hundreds of time, but have never bothered to step in, probably because it replaced one of my favorite spots a few years back, Remedy Tea Bar.  
Anyways, as I was passing by PCC (in my hunger craze) a man who was dining outside along Sansom street had something that looked absolutely AMAZING.  After my brow appointment at Shanti Med Spa (see previous review) I made a u-turn and headed back to PCC.  i had no idea what to order, but told the waitress that I wanted something w/ chicken that was super spicy and flavorful.  Alas, she appeared with something that was delicious.  I will be going back, if only I can remember the name of the dish that I ordered!I will get to the food later. Here is my thing, If you are going to be a restaurant, please have decent knives, fork, spoon, cups, bla bla bla and so it goes on.  Also not sure why they have blue walls, it always bothered me, blue is suppose to reduce your appetite...
This was my 4th time going back, I guess its hard to get a Samosa elsewhere in Center City, and working a block from it makes it pretty convenient. I grew up with milk-tea, so when I ordered it here, I expected this rich, creamy tea with milk, that has been brewed at least for 15 min with spices [ I know how tea works ] and what I got was pretty watery tea with off flavors not to mention in a very unappetizing generic plastic cup. The cup really killed my soul.
Samosas are ok, I do love the fact they come in a big triangle filled with potatoes. Love the dough, but they need to work a bit on the filling. Got the Veggie Biriyani due to my one month of Vegetarianism and was pleasantly surprised. Great flavors although unnecessarily spicy, had a weird pickle like thing which totally took you away from the good flavors. I was digging the cilantro salsa from all that they had to offer.
I guess the only reason I would be going back is because there isn't a better and faster alternative in CC, and Samosas aren't half-bad for $2.50.I love the presentation of the dosa. It is huge but surprisingly light meal. The chutneys that come with the dosa are fragrant and pairs well with the crispy pancake. 
Their mango lassi has loads of mango and a hint of spice that teases the tongue into drinking another sip.Still very good and busy place for lunch. They also now have Indian dishes dishes/platter ie saag paneer (spinach and cheese in sauce with basmati rice), chicken korma platter, etc.. They give plentiful portions. I ordered a platter and brought home and ate the remaining food in two meals. Prices are reasonable. Very nice people who run it. My advice: go early to get table and food quicker! the Samosas are very good as well!I very much enjoy Philly Chutney Company.  The food is always flavorful and fresh.  You get a lot of food for your money.  I have enjoyed everything that I have tried.  I was wondering how the dosas were packaged when one gets one to go.  I saw someone leaving with a dosa filled baguette bag the last time that I was there.  Of course....  
The staff are very friendly.  I once was waiting for a friend who took about half an hour to find parking, and they were happy to have me sit at a table and read while I waited for her.  
I will keep coming back, and keep recommending it to friends.This is a place to go for those Indians living in Philly downtown area and those who do not have access to any other dosa joint nearby (does not mean that the dosas are the best; just that its the only option in the nearby area). We were here for 2 weeks and wanted to have some South Indian food and that's when we came across this restaurant in yelp. Its a few blocks from the Philly City Hall. 
We ordered medhu vada, masala dosa and a custom made chicken dosa (with spinach, arugula cheese, etc). They do charge 1$ extra for sambar. Chutneys offered are coconut, mango, curry and tomato. The guy was kind enough to give some extra curry & tomato chutneys. We only bought one sambar, but he gave 2 sambars. 
Let me come to the food. Masala dosa was good - 3.5/5. The Twist Chicken dosa was so-so - 3/5. I didnt like it that much. Sambar was also okay,,,Really enjoy their dosas and chai/coffee. Good service too although I don't like it when Indian people start talking to me in Hindi just assuming that I speak and will reply back to them. I think if I start speaking in English then their reply should be in English as well. Anyways good food though and quick service.Running errands in a car in Center City on a cold day while hungry is a terrible way to spend a weekend.  I ditched the car in a parking spot and just started walking because traffic was at a stand still.
Enter Phila Chutney Company to my right.  The windows are a little steamed up from all the warm spicy goodness inside and someone sat right by the window and started in on a plate of dosa, which was more than enough reason to go in and give this place a try.
Ordered the classic masala dosa - friendly fast service, clean dining area.  The kind of place that makes it easy to grab a quick bite and go, by yourself or with a couple of friends.  The food was made well, the dosa was nice and crispy but not overdone, and the filling was flavorful and spiced traditionally.  I got the mango chutney, which wasn't memorable, but wasn't terrible either.
Would love to try some of the other things on their menu.  Would def be on my list of "places for a quick bite when I'm busy."  Especially when running errands in Center City, since this is smack in the middle of my square mile of errand-running establishments.This place is great for a tasty, cheap meal, and the people who work here are incredibly nice. I came twice in a row once, and they remebered my order! It's the only place I've found in Philadelphia to satisfy my dosa craving, and their saag paneer and other curries are tasty and fresh, with enough for lunch the next day.I am a north Indian who is a fan of south Indian food. I am used to driving 70 miles to Edison in order to have good south indian food. But this place opened recently. The first South Indian restaurant in Philly, and according to me the best in the North East. I haven't tasted better Sambar (its like the north indian version of sambhar - the BEST according to me) than this in the US. The masala dosa was just perfect and the idli was soft. The chutnies (barious sauces/dips) were amazingly and surprisingly good as well.
Would definitely recommend it to everyone. And this place serves only vegetarian food, which makes it a paradise for vegetarians. Will frequent this place more than often.Inexpensive good gluten free Indian food. Gotta love it.
Fav is the cilantro chutney.  My friend goes for the coconut.I'm not sure why this place doesn't have 5 stars. The food is so flavorful and yummy. The prices are moderate. Definitely would eat here again. Plus the portions are large enough for two.This self-service Southern Indian food restaurant tucked away among many other and more expensive restaurants offers unique platters and wraps. The wrap I had, with lamb, was very tasty as was the samosa. No frills down to the paper plates and plastic cutlery but this is a great place for the bargain conscious who also want tasty food.Yum!!! Gluten-Free for majority of menu and sauces. Cute and clean little place. Ingredients are so fresh, and spices so rich! I had the masala dosa #9 with mango sauce. I'm so coming backWent during lunch and boy I'm glad i did. I have never had chutney or dosas before, but let me tell you its darn good. It's like a very large crispy crepe filled with veggies and meat. The chutney i got was the mango flavor and it was good. Very light and yummy. I would go back for sure! PS- seats are limited, so go early.I've been to the Philadelphia Chutney Company a few times, but am just getting around to writing a review. If you're looking for a quick and casual lunch, look no further.
Food 4/5: I've had the #3 Mysore Masala Dosa, #6 Grilled Portobello Mushroom (with spinach, roasted onions and goat cheese), #A1 Samosas, and the vegetable biryani. The dosas are light, fluffy, and thin without being too soggy or too dry. They have just the right amount of filling, a variety of chutney options, and are served with sambar. The mysore masala dosa was savory, but lacked the spicy kick that I was looking for. The grilled portobello mushroom dosa, while certainly modern and different, was a departure from traditional dosas which isn't my cup of tea. However, props for fresh ingredients and a crepe-like meal. The vegetable biryani was lightly spicy (despite the request for maximum spiciness) with generous portions. The samosas were large, crispy and served warm with chutney. Overall, the food is good for the price and speed of service, but somewhat lacking in spice and full-bodied flavor that I admire in south Indian cooking.
Atmosphere 3/5: Not particularly cozy or decorated, but clean and well kept. Oddly, I've dined here only during winter and early spring, and the draftiness of the place (from the frequent coming and going of customers through the doors) is noticeable.
Service 4/5: Fast, friendly and energetic service. You order at the counter, pick it up when they call your order out loud (no table numbers or order numbers), bus your own table and wonder where to get a glass of water.
Overall, great place for a quick Indian lunch, but the spice and flavor is slightly lacking.Rule one: Share or be prepared for a take out box. This crepe like goodness is filled with your choice of curries and proteins. I also ask for the extra mango sauce on the side. 
Things to do:
1) Mango Lassi
2) Crepe like wrap with the cilantro and mango sauces
Things I would avoid:
1) Steamed Lentil Cake. It wasn't anything appetizing.
2) Cauliflower Mongolian special. Ehhh- it was like a vegetarian version of General Tao's. I thought I was eating Indian food?We got the Lamb Tikka Masala and Chilli Chicken. Both entrees tasted good however the ratio of rice to protein was pretty ridiculous. We got two heaping plates full of rice while the entrees came in small bowls. Probably about 3-4 oz of protein in each. We had enough rice to eat for a week while barely enough meat.Poor quality service, low quality atmosphere, low quality food.  Not authentic.
My Kathi roll was basically a wrap with low quality ingredients in it.  The chicken in it was super dried out.  Person who took the order wasn't flexible with my order at all, played dumb when I asked.  Forgot about my my friends order as well, after 20 mins of waiting we asked where his food was and he realized he forgot to put the order in!  
One of my worst meals ytd.Good spot for lunch with variety of Dosa options. Wish they gave more than one chutney with food since they have many varietiesWent in to pick up my MealPal yesterday, but the waiter didn't quite understand (maybe his English is not so good yet) which is ok, I'm happy to help! Since all meals offered by the app are the same each day, in an effort to help him I showed him my order on my phone... which he literally cancelled right in front of me! Luckily somebody else showed up from the back and saw what happened and gave me my order anyway. I'm sorry but the CANCEL button is pretty clear, and usually requests a CONFIRM CANCELLATION. Why would you do this to a customer?Went here for lunch today and it was really good! Indian fusion with lots of good spices and sauces. Had a chicken dosa done style #6 (portobello, spinach, goat cheese and onion). Reminds me of an indian burrito and instead of a tortilla its like a crispy crepe. Its really good and the staff is nice, friendly and gave me one of each type of sauce to let me try (all were good!).I come here couple of times in a week and always have good time. The management is very friendly and makes you feel at home. There are many dishes which they make really good like chole, egg curry, avocado roll, chicken 65...I would recommend this one if you are in vicinityAmazing!! Used to eat dosas a lot during my semester abroad and was thrilled when I saw that PCC makes them. Tasted just like what I used to eat in India. Closest thing to authentic Indian food I've found in the city. Definitely worth checking out!!I love Indian food (though I've never had the South Indian variety), so I was really looking forward to giving Philadelphia Chutney Company a try.  The restaurant is located in the space where the Remedy Tea Bar used to be. They've done a really good job of transforming the space - it has a bright cheerful blue, orange, and green interior, with a decent number of tables and ample counter space to sit and eat.  
I stopped in for a quick lunch and was greeted by the man at the counter, who was very friendly, answered my questions about the menu, and helped me select an option.  It was my first time eating a dosa and I was looking for something traditional and spicy, so I went with the Chef's Special Dosa and the cranberry chutney (i asked for something similar to tamarind).  My dosa was ready in about 5 minutes...it was thin and flaky with a potato, onion, and tomato filing.  The potatoes appeared to have been sautéed in turmeric along with other spices which not only added some heat to the dish (good), but also unfortunately made the dosa way too salty (not good).  I'm also not really sure how this was the 'special' dosa, since it didn't seem to be all that different from the 'The Classic Masala Dosa' (the filling inside mine was mostly all potato).  
Since I wasn't all that crazy about the dosa, I decided to come back later in the week to try something different.  I decided on the #13 Smoked Paneer,Spinach,Jack Cheese & Balsamic Roasted Onions, and ordered it as an Uttapa (rice pancake), along with a spicy curry chutney (more like a sauce).  I'll also note that this time I was told that any of the menu options #1-#15 are available as either dosa or uttapa.  The Uttapa was similar to a personal pizza- only indian style.  It was a bit bland for the first few bites- the curry chutney added a bit more flavor.  The paneer was good, as were the balsamic roasted onions.  I would have also liked to see a bit more spinach on the uttapa.  However, the one part of this dish that I had a real issue with was the Jack Cheese.  It seemed really out of place alongside the paneer, and the flavor combination was a bit strange as well...
The Philadelphia Chutney Company serves American Indian Fusion cuisine, and for sure is a welcome new lunch option in center city.  I'll return again for sure - I just hope that in the future they focus a bit more on the unique South Indian aspect of their cuisine and a bit less on trying to please the stereotypical American palate.tons of veg options - the counter staff was surprisingly informative as to what was vegan and what was not.  i really enjoyed my "modern" dosa and i will be going back.Finally there is one place in center city to enjoy south Indian food. Not so authentic, but what the hell, I will take it. Stopped here on an evening stroll around the city. The Dosa stuffing are obviously designed to be hipster friendly. 
Ordered Masala Dosa, Gobi Manchurian and Medu Vada. Medu vada was good. I wish the size of Gobi manchurian is bit bigger. Coming to Dosa, I think the batter might be a day old. Dosa batter gets fermented and if you keep a couple of days more, the sourness increases. So I could taste the sourness in Dosa. Masked it with Sambhar and Chutneys.
The major minus point for me was Sambhar is not complimentary, and they give you only one choice of chutney. But again if I am longing for Dosa when I am in the city, I guess I have to come here.Awesome food, reasonably priced.  Great, filling and healthy.  Even our kids, who can be finicky about new foods loved it.  If you're spice adverse, be sure to order mild.  Hope to go back next time we're in Philly.Yay dosas in Philadelphia!  I love dosas and I'm not really aware of many places in Philly who serve them (does anyone?) so I was excited to try this place.  
The interior of the place is a bit....sterile.  It kind of reminds me of a cafeteria or a hospital cafe.  It's the opposite of cozy.  But it's clean and bright so I can't complain too much.  I'm not going there for the atmosphere anyway.  
You have to order at the counter, then take your seat, and they call your number when your order is ready and you go back up to the counter to get it.  They have a lot of variety of dosas, but I'm going to have to guess that many of them are not authentic, such as the ones featuring American cheese.  I didn't taste it but it seems gross.  Each time I've been there I've gotten the old school, the traditional one with spiced potatoes.  The dosas themselves are delicious!  Thin crispy pancakes that are strong enough to be used to scoop out the flavorful filling.  
Just a note - these have to be eaten in the restaurant in order to stay crispy and delicious.  One time I attempted to bring it back to work with me (about a 10 minute walk) and by the time I opened the package, the steam from the heat had softened the pancake into a soggy mess.  
I tried the mango lassi and it was not very good.  It was too thick and too sweet and a strange color.  I'm not sure what the issue was, but I've had much better lassi at other establishments.nice ambiance with desi music and friendly service from owner himself. badam shake was unique and refreshing with tasty food and chai afterwards.  stop by and enjoy!Great food and service. Cute place in a nice location. The owner or whoever was working the front desk was extremely friendly and welcoming. My friend raved about her potato masala dosa and the saag paneer I got myself was fantasticVery flavorful food. While I eat Indian food all the time I had never heard of a DOSA. I enjoyed my meal so much that once I returned to NYC I had to look for a restaurant which services it. Unfortunately it was not as good....I can't speak to how authentic it is, but the dosas are delicious, the restaurant is clean, and it has good customer service. I brought a dosa home once that was missing an ingredient. They apologized and set up a note to offer me a free one when I was in next.I've come here several times over the last couple years and have never left disappointed. The staff is really nice and the food is fabulous. I highly recommend any of the dosas and the mango chutney. 
PS: If you're looking for traditional Indian cuisine, you will not find it here. But, with that said, if you have never had Indian food, this is definitely the place to start.Did I mention Gluten Free.....oh yeah! It is a cute little fast-food type place with some tables and a little bar area where you can sit and look outside.
Seriously delicious food! I was kind of skeptical at first but man was that dosa amazing, and huge! It was crispy and full of dairy free amazingness with avacado. 
They have a great selection of chutney as well, which I was surprised was chunkier than I had anticipated. But it tasted amazing (I got the mango...yummmmm).
They have vegetarian options as well, so anyone that has food restrictions, definitely go here you won't regret it!Dosas done right. A unique selection, but definitely not complex. In a world of crazy flavor combinations, in this post Jose Andres' minibar-world in which even salmon and cotton candy can go together, dosas have the potential to be wild mixes of sweet and savory. 
It's definitely not traditional, but if there's anything American city-dwellers like more than ethnic cuisine, it's ethnic cuisine converted for their Western palates. Unless you're a purist, Philadelphia Chutney Company is the right price and the right size for a filling meal. Complementing a dosa with the sambar looked to be a good decision, and I've read overall positive reviews of that addition. 
In reality, this is a 3.5 star review. I'm giving the Chutney Company the benefit of the doubt because I don't think I chose the right dosa on my visit. On a general note, however, they could definitely afford to fill their dosa wraps with a little more food. The staff is familiar with their menu and very kind, especially to newcomers like myself who ask embarrassing questions like, "What's sambar?"Food is alright, nothing great. The fact that you have to pay for chutney and sambhar pissed me off. Kathi rolls are just about ok, again - nothing great.A great lunch spot! Definitely the lightest Indian dishes I've tried, which makes for a good lunch stop. Convenient center city location, and they have a lot of good veggie and meat options. I recommend trying one of the Dosas with a modern twist - the roasted tomato/arugula/jack cheese and spinach/jack cheese/roasted tomato are both great.Just a great cheap lunch, filling, fresh, and run by a lovely Scottish woman. What are you still reading this for? Go now.Righteous lunchies! Chutney Co offers a fun, slightly Americanized (but in a good way) reinterp of the traditional dosa. You can get 'em with vegetarian or real chicken, portobello, greens, goat cheese, or the traditional potato filling. Though they look huge on the plate, the portion size is just right. If you stay away from the potatoes you've got a perfect, low-carb power lunch with a little spice. 
Dosas are also available to-go, though you'll have to endure your lame co-workers' inevitable questions about the whether you are really going to eat that whole "sandwich" you are carrying.It's one of my favorite places for authentic Indian food in philadelphia. I almost go 2 3 times a week. Food is available in spicy, medium and non spicy . Great number of varieties. Going here for more than 6 months and food always tastes greatThis first times had dosa was in Singapore and this place tastes almost as good as my first experience. The various sauces seem to be more modern (I may be completely wrong...) but they are quite tasty. The dosas are super flavorful but doesn't feel heavy when eating.  Can't wait to go back...Wow! Tried dosa's for the first time &  I'm hooked. What a nice spot to grab a great lunch. Prices are super reasonable & the staff are personable. I'll defiantly be back. Great way to get my vegetarian fix.I ate here with my fiance while we were staying in Philly not too long ago. I found them on HappyCow looking for vegan friendly places. We've had our share of dosas back home in Queens and were excited to try these. I got a masala dosa and my fiance got a mysore masala dosa. 
The size of the dosas was nice, they were tasty and filling like dosas should be. The sambar was pretty good, the chutneys were ok. 
However we both noticed that there wasn't really a difference in spiciness between the masala and mysore masala, and noticed they didn't have pondicherry dosas on the menu. It was also odd seeing so much meat on the menu, most of the authentic/traditional dosa places I've been to in NY are lacto-vegetarian. I know that comment might sound weird but imagine walking into a McDonalds only to find out half of the menu was vegetarian, it wouldn't be good or bad, it'd just feel weird and unexpected. That's how I felt seeing chicken and lamb on the menu. I guess they're trying to appeal to more tourists or non-Indians.  
I'd definitely go back if I'm ever in Philly again!Ok so this is a fairly recent review.  I just ate here tonight.  My turnaround time is improving.
Grabbed dinner here with a friend.  We ordered the #2 and the #13.  The classic masala dosa was decent.  A little spice but not much flavor otherwise.  The smoked paneer, spinach, jack cheese balsamic roasted onion has more flavor still but not earth shattering.  They did give us 3 chutneys to try, coconut, cilantro and cranberry.  I really liked the cilantro and cranberry chutneys.  The cranberry one especially stood out because it had wonderful bright tartness.
This is a small place, very simple.  Not fancy in the least.  The point is inexpensive food and a quick meal.  The decor did feel a bit cold.  Maybe they can do something to spruce up the ambiance a bit.
If I worked in the area, I would come back for lunch.  Maybe if i'm over that way I would pop in for an inexpensive dinner.  This place hits middle of the road in my book.Wonderful change from the tired sandwich/noodle bowl lunch options in Center City. I'm not well-versed in, or a fan of, Indian food, but their dosas and samosas are great.Really liked their dosa...but my only problem was the charges for chutney and sambhar..
I would go there again though..!maybe once in a month...Great service, I was greeted with a big smile, suggested different sauces to try. Would def. go backI've recently gone back, and the quality of their foods has def improved!This place is a disgrace for chutney. All the chutneys are frozen and it's definitely not fresh. If you are trying Indian food for the first time  - please don't start here. South Indian food tastes nothing like that they serve. It's their own version and it was very disappointing. 
We ordered masala Dosa - Potato was uncooked, Idly - it was like brick and Kati Roll - Chicken was cold. Dessert -was old. The only thing edible was  madras coffee.I regularly eat here once or twice a week. Delicious dosa and laasi (the only items I've had on the menu).
The only downside are that the trays are a little dirty/sticky.The name, the menu, the reviews and the look of the place promised something different from the regular "Indian food".
What a disappointment!
Ordered "Aloo Masala Roll"(spicy mashed potato with tomatoes and green pepper). 
What a disappointment! Except for the mashed potatoes rest of the ingredients were missing.Got a  greasy roll with potato filling that is actually served with a Dosa. The chutney served with the roll had no taste. To top it all, it was not even hot!I take this place as it is- a chipotle style South Indian place. Meaning it's not the most authentic, but it's quick, cheap, and good. 
The dosa are very filling. It's a win-lose on the chutneys. The coconut one is weak in flavor, but the cilantro one is very good though. The sambar they are served with is very salty on its own, but it good to dip the dosa itself into. 
Overall it's somewhere I like to come to when I need a quick filling meal.They have the best Indian food in CC. The goat biryani is amazing. All the Dosa's are yummy. The chai is great.This place makes a good, cheap dosa. I got a traditional dosa, so I can't speak for the more american versions with cheese and avocado. But if you are in the area and want lunch, you can't do better than here.I recently found this place to be a hidden gem for on the go indian delights. The dosas are delicious and very filling and a good selection of choices and combinations that let you have it your way. I think the service was fine , alot of times, i come in there and people are spaced out on the board trying to figure out what they want so, if you dont say anthing the counter person will let people zone there .  too many choices and combinations can make you think they are not interested in taking your order, but this is what happens when i come in and not sure what combination  I want to have . the chutneys are amazing and I suggest trying all of them to see which one you like the most.A great place to try Masala Dosa in a fun, non- threatening setting. For novices, Masala Dosa is a giant, but very thin Southern India crêpe (often 2 feet wide) stuffed with potatoes or what ever else you might like. This place is run by folks from Southern India and Southern Indian food is very different. They also serve some of the best Samosas I've had.Portions are huge!  I had most of my team here for lunch.  My people were surprised that I was able to find a venue that served south Indian food as most restaurants serve northern.  Everyone was impressed with the portions and the overall quality of the food.  While lunch was well worth any wait it did take a while from the order to the table.
Rajiv was very accommodating and made sure everyone got what they ordered and to their liking.  
I had the lamb briyani and mango lassi to cool the spiced rice.  Other people enjoyed the classic masala dosa.The food here is somewhere between OK and good. On my last visit my fiance had the Chicken Tikka Koti roll, and that was good: high-quality chicken, good flavor, and a wrap that held together well (much thinner than traditional Koti rolls, but still very tasty). I had a Mysore Masala Dosa, and it missed the mark. There was little-to-no spice (which is par for the course with a Mysore dosa), and the dosa itself was too thin and crumbly to be eaten by hand.
However, the worst thing about this place is the wait to get your food. 15 - 20 minutes between ordering at the counter and the plates coming out. That's the kind of wait I expect at a sit-down restaurant, not a quasi-fast-casual attempt.I found Philadelphia Chutney company while looking for Vegetarian Restaurants in Philly.  Tasty, fresh dosas with very good chutneys and sambar.  I went there with two Indians and they were intrigued with the variety of dosas with strange ingredients like arugala, fake chicken and cheese.  They ordered the Mysore masala dosa, which was very good.  I went for an unorthodox choice of arugala and avocado, which was different but very good.  I love South Indian food and was happy to come across this restaurant concept. The sambar was spicy and very good.  I would definitely return and try out more of their menu items.I was so excited to try this place after hearing about it on several blogs I follow. I'm a big Indian food fan but its exciting to be able to try something new in the cuisine. 
I wasn't super hungry so I stopped in for a mango lassi and one order of samosas. I definitely want to try some of the dosas after seeing them come out. So while I waited for my order I drank my delicious lassi. And I waited. And I waited. And waited. 
Since I was on my lunch hour I had to get back and it had been close to 20 minutes of me waiting for 2 samosas. I started to notice people who had ordered long after me getting their dosas and I knew I needed to see if they forgot my order. I asked the man at the counter and he went back to check and brought out my samosas. He apologized for the wait and gave me another mango lassi on the house. Woo hoo! Yogurt happiness. 
When I got back to my desk at work and opened up my bag, I found that they had given me two orders of samosas. I'm not sure if that was on purpose or by accident but I was happy and was able to bring some of the yummy food home to share.I've never had anything like it and although I don't think I eat it correctly,  the dosa is one of my favorite foods in the city. From traditional dosas to modern dosas to dosas with fake veggie chicken, there's a wide variety of delicious things to try at Phila. Chutney Co. I recommend #6. 
It's also a good cheap spot for lunch as one meal can easily be 2 servings if you're not completely famished (ex Dal Tadkap).I was really looking forward to trying the dosas at Philadelphia Chutney Company.  Although I don't consider myself to have a huge appetite, I left hungry.  There was hardly any filling in the dosa.  For more than $7 I'd rather go elsewhere.I didn't know what a dosa was but was pleasantly surprised when I tried it. The dosa itself was a lot lighter than I thought and the chicken filling with mushrooms bell peppers and goat cheese was great.After discovering dosas in New York last year I was thrilled to find out there was a place opening in my neighborhood. Within the first week I stopped in and ordered the paneer dosa.
Perfection. The dosa is light and fluffy, the ingredients absolutely perfect. I was so busy chomping up the wrap I forgot to add the mango chutney! The spice was there but not overwhelming, the paneer was soft and savory. When I finally got around to trying out the chutney it was perfectly balanced and I couldn't wait to add it to my dosa on my next visit.
I returned a week later and ordered the vegetarian chicken dosa. Same result! The dosa was as good if not better as the former week and the mix of vegetables and spices were spot on. I was hooked.
If you like a good, authentic Chai do yourself a favor and grab one while you're here. I would recommend allowing 15 minutes or so for your dosa to come out so if you're strapped for time call ahead for pick up. I can't wait for them to start to deliver! Late night hours don't hurt on the weekends either, it's surprising how much excess booze a good dosa can soak up.I don't understand these positive reviews. Philly must be desperate for Indian food--no matter the quality or the ingredients. Our group was completely disappointed--both, Indians and Caucasians alike. The dosas were dry and cardboardy (some butter and flavor would have helped!). The  pav bhaji was simply bland veggies tossed in some masala..served with hamburger buns! The chutneys were flavorless and lacked any authentic ingredients. Better go to your nearest Indian store and pick up some frozen entrees--you'd be way more satisfied than this lack-luster fare! Very disappointed and never going back! 
This is not food, people!!I am gluten free and saw that Philadelphia Chutney Company popped up as gluten-free friendly so I tried it out. Impressed!  First of all, the Samosas are naturally gluten free and the options are endless to stuff that baby full of deliciousness! 
Let's talk about price. Umm, it's only $7-$9 for these enormous delicious Samosas and as a girl, I make at least  2 meals out of it. The math isn't tough, that's about $4 per meal.
Did i mention delicious? Delicious. The Chutneys have good flavor but they're not too strong, and the ingredients are fresh, tasty, and healthy.  
A big thing for me, they have NEVER messed up my order. NEVER. I don't know many places where my order was never messed up.  The guy that works the register around lunch time was so helpful and polite my first few times there when I didn't know what or how to order.  I love it there and I will continue to go back every week. What a hidden treasure!Great concept and execution! The food tastes very authentic even though many ingredients are not traditional indian ingredients (arugula, avocado, jack cheese!). Their dosas (especially chilly chees dosa and premium masala dosa) are excellent, Sambhar is very good, samosas are very much like homemade samosas I grew up with. Overall, very impressed. 
Now they have missed some of the ingredients once or twice e.g. the smoked paneer roll didn't have paneer, so they are not perfect, but still they deserver 4-4.5 stars overall.An interesting little place.  I'm not too familiar with Southern Indian food and was suprised at how light and airy the dosa "crepe" was.  It definitely serves as a good canvas to let the inner fillings shine.
We tried the classic masala dosa (#2) and the smoked paneer, spinach, jack cheese & balsamic roasted onion dosa (#13).  #13 was the clear winner over the somewhat bland #2.  The dosas were served with a cool coconut chutney that really complimented the flavors.  We also tried the cilantro and cranberry chutneys, but they were too strong for my palate.
I was full but not stuffed, so I would recommend this place for a change-of-pace lunch, big afternoon snack, or light dinner.  It's perfect for when you have a hankering for Indian, but don't want to gorge yourself on an all-you-can-eat buffet.Meh. The Dosas in Cherry Hill are better.
Borderline hostile attitude of the counter guy towards white people. He was busy talking to an Indian customer so I waited. And waited. And waited some more. Then when the orders came up, the two were mixed. I didn't say a word and he pretty much barked at me. While I ate I observed the same pattern from him with different customers. The caste system lives right here in Philly.
== end of original review.
I received an email from the owner. I went into detail about what transpired. Specifically, I expect - and everyone deserves - basic courtesy even from a fast food joint such as this. All that was necessary from the counter person was "Hello, I'll be with you in a moment" - instead of ignoring us, them returning our smiling "hello" with a glare. The Indian woman after us did not receive this treatment, but the white male after her did - hence my final remark.
I also received a truly nasty message from an immature snarky kid named Har D. who accused me of being a typical white who demands that people kiss their butts.. I politely responded to them. The response was a "compliment" which you can read in its entirety. The key phrase used is "typical of a white face red neck." It takes no small amount of racial hatred to use phrases such as this.Awesome food and awesome service!!!
I went there couple of times with my colleagues and  family and everytime the taste was same. People like me who belong from north delhi found these kind of places very less which can give you mouthwatering food and taste of spices..Cold inside - loud music BUT, good good:
I just got warmed at home from my lunch at PCC earlier today...........  When I went inside, I noticed that everyone seated (about 10 people), had their coats on.  A couple of people had on their hats and caps also.  Then I became aware of the loud disco music.   Ummm, a little too loud for lunch since I would not be dancing.............
I asked the counter person if the heater was broken.  He pointed to the A/C / Heater and said, "No, the heat is on."  (Obviously, the patrons had not gotten the message or they would have taken off their coats (and hats).
The food is delicious and there's a good variety of Indian food.   I ate fairly quickly, since it was so cold inside and the music was bothersome.   Good thing I was alone, I'm not sure that I could have hear anyone I was talking to at my table.
I like the food but I won't be going back again in the cold weather. I'm gonna wait until the spring....maybe I'll be warmed up by then and the music will be toned down.
(I would have given it more stars, but for the cold and loud music.)Great Indian food, very friendly!  I spilled my whole plate onto my lap and the very friendly gentleman behind the counter had new dish made free of charge. Only four stars because the atmosphere isn't great but service and food is fantastic!!Spouse and I ordered the chicken korma and the vegetarian biryani with a free side of raita at 9:30 pm on a Saturday night. The food came in disposable aluminum trays. Utensils were plasticware. We ate inside. For the modest prices, both dishes were delicious and more than we could eat. The staff was friendly and informal. The décor was typical of a fast food restaurant. The Bollywood music on the widescreen TV was too loud, but maybe they would have lowered the volume if we had asked them to. We didn't have room for the Indian desserts, but they looked good. Will definitely go back.Place with decent South Indian dosas only. 
Average taste. Shack like environment. Doesn't reflect authenticity of any Indian dishes.
Wraps are made with frozen naan, which makes them chewy and undercooked. 
Overall - Dosa texture is average, none of the chutneys stand out (very few to choose from) and other dishes are better left untouched.Have been looking for a place in Philly for good dosa... Unfortunately my search continuesI can only say great things about the lovely fellows at Philadelphia Chutney Company. They had already closed the kitchen upon our entering on a wet and cold night, but graciously opened up again to serve us a hot dinner (it certainly helped that we expressed our lackluster experiences with Spice End). The dosas are delicious, amply portioned, and affordable. The service kind and friendly. We will return in short time and are so glad we decided to stop in. Thank you!awesome tasty rava dosa and sambar. Maaja aa gaya. But but but, pretty bad paneer tikka masala and even worse parathas (frozen one)...worst of my life and was a shocker. Nightmarish. Good at south Indian and stop selling North Indian and frozen cooked Parathas. Not sure what else they are selling as frozen and then cooked.Yummy twist on indian food. I like the kati roll with paneer. Can get very crowded around lunch time.Good food. Counter service. Ok sized portions. Not the best Indian but not the worst either. I'd go back.Dosa was very bland.chutney was bland.to surprise the name phili chutney company ,but they give frozen chutney in a small cup,and not fresh.it was Americanized dosa.samosa were too oily,idli were very bad and very bad smelling.i couldn't understand how it got these reviews.will never visit again.A perfect spot for someone wanting to try Indian, but not go too deep. This Indian place is not a traditional Inidian restaurant, more like an Indian-America fusion type of place. This is as Indian as Tex-Mex in Mexican. A bit. just a bit.
So, if you're looking for something super authentico, you may not find it here. I mean, they have traditional Indian dishes here, but I couldn't tell you how they are. I've only been once and I had one of the "new age" dosas.
The dosa was very tasty - and large! i wasn't quite sure how to eat it, so I just dug in. I ordered ine with chicken and avocado and some other indian stuff. As I'm not well versed in Indian cuisine, I shan't be more specific. Anyway, i liked it. You can choose a chutney with it. They have several standard chutneys and a special limited time chutney. I had the special, which was a delicious sweet tamarind. Highly recommend the tamarind. Hopefully it will become a staple.
The service was ok, although there was only one guy in the front and his English was super choppy. I couldn't understand half of what he said. Good thing he wasn't giving me a haircut or a waxing. There could definitely be some improvement to the whole establishment with some clear English speakers, but it does not ruin the experience.
They also included a house soup which was spicy and for soup, not bad. As some of you know, I am not a big fan of soup in general. 
Would return for lunch when in the area. They had these wrap thingies that looked terrific that i'd like to try.I have never tried Southern Indian food before going to Chutney. I have to say I really love it. The service is great and the people there are very friendly.So there are some pretty good reviews. And there are also some pretty awful reviews. 
Going in today, I wasn't sure what to expect but I wanted a dosa and a mango lassi.
I ordered ahead, and within a moment or two of walking in- my food was ready. 
I was greeted kindly when I walked in, and the gentleman behind the counter seemed perfectly happy to be there.
The food: 
Really tasty. I've had dosas many times before, and these stand up to them all. A perfectly crispy lentil crepe, filled with perfectly spiced potatoes and that madras spice. Mmmm...really quite excellent.
A few times my mango lassi has been forgotten in my order, so that's a bummer. 
Though I'll inform you that they are delicious, and a stellar accompaniment to the spicy dosa. 
I'm planning many more visits here!Very good masala dosa... and generally really good food. And I am Indian, so that says alot.I LOVE LOVE LOVE Chutney Co. Aka, Chuts. Aka, Chutties. So good!
Except the chai that I had today. It was like hot milk with a little bit of flavor. In case you haven't picked up in my previous reviews, I am somewhat of a tea snob. Although I am not an expert in chai, this was pretty bland, for what is typically such a robust tea. Oh well. I don't have the heart to dock it too many stars, but just wanted to express my feelings on it.
Also, the samosas here are MASSIVE and massively delicious. My friend and sometimes lover Alexandra W. had this cauliflower jawn that was texturally much like like General Tso's and looked like sweet & sour chicken, and had cilantro sprinkled throughout. And I love cilantro.
I am a creature of habit and typically always get the same masala dosa with mango chutney. But it felt good to get outside the dosa today. Also, the mango lassi is mad tasty (which I was given for free once after my order was lost in the shuffle).awesome veggie lunch specials! low key atmosphere and delicious Indian cuisine in center city!Indian food in America is generally represented most of the time by Indian cuisine serving "North Indian" Food. However, Indian food is as diverse as Indian languages, geography, clothing styles and Indian races. Chutney company serves "Southern style" Indian food, including Dosa, Idli and Uttapam in addition to north Indian food and snacks . Besides being a North Indian, whenever I crave for southern Indian food, I visit this conveniently located place in Center City. Food in not expensive and service is fast. So, next time you crave for Indian food, try this for a change. if you are new to southern Indian food, Try DOSA as a starter.This place rocks and the man at the front is super nice. All the food is numbered, so if you think you'll butcher the naming, you can just say the number. 
I always get the Dosas. I've had them at other places before, but they haven't been as good as this place. They are thin, crispy, and not oily like at come places. Well done!Blah flavors, blah food, blah decor.... Just blah. Not worth it and better off just going somewhere else.Their dosas and chicken biryani is what keeps me coming to this place. One of my favorite Indian places to eat at.I came here with my friends after a long day. The service was fairly quick, and they had a wide range of options on their menu. I had the achari paneer kati roll. The kati roll was very fresh and had a great level of spice. My friend had gotten chicken tikka masala at medium spice, and it was already too much for her to handle. I found the heat level to be just right, and the tikka masala to have all of the right spices that I would expect. Keep in mind you get lots of food, so the entrees are pretty easy to share.I was happy with my dosa, not the best I've had (Mysore Masala) but good. I didn't like the raw onion added to it and thought the potatoes could have had a little more depth of flavor. But it wasnt greasy and I enjoyed it. The guy behind the counter was super nice, not just to me but other "white" girls, guys, browns, everybody. It was pretty busy on a Friday lunch time and I had to wait about 15 minutes. I stood next to the register and observed the whole time. There was no place to sit at first but by the time mine was ready there was so I asked to eat in. No problem and he didn't charge me for my bottle of water. They were out of my first choice of cilantro chutney so I asked for tamarind and he gave me a coconut too. I saw him do this for another girl too.I've lunched here several times and previously found the dosas I've tried to be boring and the combinations odd (american cheese?  really?) -- especially in comparison to some other south-Indian restaurants I've been to.  But it seems I've finally found some worthy items on their menu.  I speak of the chicken -- spicy, toothsome, and yummy.  Also, the cauliflower appetizer I sampled was tasty in a habit-forming way.
The wait was excessively long, but at least the large windows opening to Sansom Street provided sufficient entertainment while waiting for our orders to be presented.  Ordering is done at the counter and you pay when making the order.  Then you wait until your name is called out, when you pick up your order and either take it to go or grab a seat.  There is no table service here (which is fine by me).  The seating inside is a bit cramped (and lacks any convenient place for coats, which may be annoying if you happen to be here in the winter).  During nice weather, they have comfortable seating outside.I chose a mixed veggie roll. Great portion, healthy and tasty and not too spicy even for a person like me who cannot eat very spicy thing. Nice environment and a nice Indian counter.I have been here before and would have rated a 4 the first time because I think the food is tasty.  Unfortunately, today I ordered Chicken Korma to go and found 2 hairs in my food before getting even half way through.  Hopefully there aren't more but I'm not going to keep eating to find out.One of the best Indian restaurants in center city Philadelphia. The food was nice and warm when it arrived on the table. Not just that the food was authentic and tasted really well. The ambiance of the restaurant was amazing and the service was awesome. The waiters were cheerful and made me feel good. If you are anywhere near center city and want to try anything great then i would highly recommend this place. Go get it !!!Don't go here.
The uttappa, or whatever, was alright but too much pancake and not enough filling for the $11 I shelled out (and I didn't even get a drink!).
The cilantro chutney is almost flavorless.
Spend your hard earned cash more wisely at Minar Palace.Love the idea.  Hate the execution and the price point.
Since its opening, this little place keeps re-inventing their menu.  At one point, in the beginning, choices were ridiculously plentiful, but the wait to get your food was always ridiculously long.  After what it appears, a menu re-evaluation, they've narrowed down their offerings and simplified their menu options.
I'm still ridiculously underwhelmed.  Contents of the dosas and uttapas are still pretty pitiful and the combinations offered are overly simple and not terribly exciting, and  for a place called the "Chutney Company",  and as Karen F. noted, they are extremely skimpy with the chutney, offering only one small container per order.  
$7.50 for a thick uttapas with a scoop of potato filing, half of a chopped portabello mushroom, small handful of spinach and a sprinkle of onion and goat cheese seems a bit high on the price point to me, but if the options were a bit more adventurous and the spice level was turned up a notch, I'd be more apt to overlook the other shortcomings (and my crazy use of adverbs).Philadelphia Chutney Company catered a meal for 30 people for me and they were fabulous! They were wonderful with planning the menu, discussing prices, and confirming pick up time. They opened early to have my order ready and everything was ready on time! They even carried the food to my car. Everyone at my event loved the food! Next time I am in Philadelphia, I will eat here again and order extras - all the food went so quickly!I only come here for the Dosa. The dosa is tasty, but for $10.80, I can find better ways to fill my stomach with tasty food. Yes, the crepe they put the food into is huge, but the food portions are not. If you're a tall/big guy, the dosa is not the way to fill your stomach for $11.Went back for the second time last night with my friends from San Fran because we were craving dosas. It had been a rainy, dreary, and altogether frustrating day and I was HUNGRY. Thankfully, Philadelphia Chutney Co. did not disappoint :)
I got the masala dosa (really good, with perfect blend of tastes in the filling and a not-too-crumbly wrap) and sambar (SO good, chock full of veggies and spicy) with coconut chutney (awesome!!!), and my friends got the paneer samosas (LITERALLY WHERE HAVE THESE BEEN ALL MY LIFE???!), one of those fancy shmancy veggie chicken/arugula/onion/whatever dosas (which is weird to me still but was REALLY delicious), and sambar with mango chutney on the side. There was also lots of chai, as always--hot, delicious, milky chai.
Again, the same extremely nice and personable guy behind the counter (I'm blanking on his name which is shameful as he very kindly remembered mine!!!) made the experience so great in addition to the awesome food. We were cold from the rain and asked to close the door, and they obliged right away. He made conversation with us and greeted us as we came in and left very warmly. The service and just downright friendliness makes coming back to this place a pleasure in addition to a necessity (after all, where am I going to get my dosa fix?!)
Adding another star to my update because the food was much better this time and the ambiance was reliably pleasant and nice.Rajiv is the man. They have the best chicken tiki in the city and they have some of the best prices. Simple choice I've tiki'd all around the city and nothing is as spicy and delicious as the jawns I get here!¡Where have you been all my life??!!! I tried Dosas for the first time and I truly believe we were separated at birth! 
I walked past this place (on my way to 500 Degrees) and smelled the curry. I like Indian fare so I aborted my plan and went inside. What I saw were people happily eating huge pieces of paper.. or so I thought.
I asked someone, what on earth was a Dosa (after reading the menu) and realized that its a HUGE paper thin, rice tortilla like bread item stuffed with amazing meaty wonderment!
I ordered one with mango chutney, portobello mushrooms, spinach and goat cheese and I got a lentil soup for $1 more.
My total meal came to 9.00 which wasn't bad!
My only complaint, is the chutney. It was a little runny and i like my chutney thick like jam, or preserves. No biggie, it was still delicious.
I liked it so much, I mentioned it to my mom who told me  she's been going here for years, which surprised me, because I thought she loved me. How could she know about such amazing cuisine and NOT mention it? I must be adopted.This is a cool place with great service and people seem to love it, but I won't be coming back. Dosas are especially underwhelming as Indian food goes. I will say the fillings are usually nice and the mango chutney was really good. I also got the achari paneer kathi roll, and everything was going pretty smoothly until I chomped into a totally inedible piece of something that I had to spit out on my plate. The soup is cheap but I thought it was pretty bland.Awesome food! I brought my team here for lunch and the guy in the front was incredibly nice and accommodating to their concerns. The food itself was delicious! We got the dosas with various types of fillings and the saag paneer and loved every bite.I too have been stalking this place ever since they started renovating what used to be Remedy Tea Bar. This is a casual Indian-Fusion dining experience.  Much like the Taiwanese have taken their spin on French crepes (Hooray, Q-cup), Philadelphia Chutney Company has brought their Indian fusion to Philly, which is a great lunch or dinner or snack option.  They offer dine-in, carry-out and also offer delivery within a 10 block radius.
All the items can be made as Dosas or Uttapas (thicker pancake like batter). 
They just opened, and they are adjusting accordingly by welcoming customer feedback, which I am always happy to provide!
We did carry-out and ate in Rittenhouse Square.
Try these for a very filling meal for two:
Gobi Manchurian - crunchy, spicy cauliflower appetizer.  My absolute favorite!  $6.50
Idli - three steamed rice lentil cakes with your choice of chutney.  These help make a complete meal; very filling and also a good spice quencher. $3.50
#2 The Classic Masala Dosa (spiced Indian potato filling) for $6
for something traditional.  I think this goes well with the tomato, cilantro and coconut chutneys.  
#13 Smoked Paneer,Spinach,Jack Cheese & Balsamic Roasted Onions Dosa for $8.  Great for cheese lovers.  I liked this with the tomato and coconut chutneys.
Eager and friendly staff.  Clean, bright and open atmosphere with lots of seating. 
No need for plates, you can eat it right off the paper (go green)!  Just be prepared to get a little messy...you'll be eating it all so fast you just might eat it with your hands like we did!
I definitely will be throwing PCC into heavy rotation for a fast and affordable meal.  Can't wait to try their mango lassi!The Old School Masala Dosa comes with a spiced potato filling. The potato filling had some spice to it, but needed the added dimension of the side of chutney it comes with. Our favorite chutneys were the creamy carrot (seasonal) and tomato. The mango chutney tasted great, but it was so sweet it tasted better with the ripped off ends of the dosas as a palate cooler rather than co-mingling with the filling.
A better bet was the $7 Masala Premium (spiced Indian potato filing, cheese, tomato, onion & spinach) on an uttapa. The dough is more substantial here and works with the more traditional ingredients, while the dosa seems to be a great fit for the fusion wrap type fillings. The portion is really filling, a great deal for the price. This too could convince a non-Indian food eater to try something new, just sell it as spicy potato pizza.Back again and .. again! This place has great dosas and chai and going to try their idli today! Very exciting!I got the lamb saag. It was ok, but more disappointing was how hard I had to search for the lamb pieces. There was hardly any.I was tempted to rate this restaurant low because I want all the dosa for myself. Yes, the sweet, sweet dosa. The delectable idli. Nom.
It's rare to find a restaurant in Philly that gets south Indian food right, but idli and dosa are hard to mess up. There is nothing like getting a dosa hot off the pan and slathering it with chutney.
I ordered two masala dosa and an order of idli. The dosa, potato chutney filling, and idli were all well prepared and well spiced. The owner threw in a couple of extra chutneys for me, so I ended up with mango, tomato, coconut and coriander chutneys. 
The tomato chutney and mango chutney have been pureed which is disappointing (the chutneys can always be improved, though). I did takeout for the dosa so when I got them back to the office they were a little spongy. 
I recommend:
 - giving these guys a few weeks to get everything right
 - eating there to maintain the consistency of the dosa. The idli held up fine as takeout, however. 
 - warming up the chutney. The chutneys were cold. Wait for them to warm up to room temperature before eating or even warming them up a little in a microwave.
I used to go to Remedy Tea for spiced chai. I can't believe it has been replaced with a place serving masala chai and Madras coffee (not yet available but eagerly anticipated). Peanut chutney is also in the works! Keep this place on your radar - I will be re-reviewing in a few weeks!Oh my effin' eff, seriously.  Before coming to Chutney Company, I hadn't had a wada in FIVE WHOLE YEARS.  I was so excited when I walked into this place and looked at the menu that, no joke, I ordered the wada appetizer, samosa appetizer (both to split with my husband), and idli appetizer with sambar.  My hubby also got a chutney wrap (we didn't realize that the chutney wraps are American-style).  Everything was really good.  I actually don't think I've ever had idli/sambar at a restaurant before and I was shocked that it was under $5.  Even though the idli/sambar is considered an appetizer and side, it was actually the size of a whole meal, with three medium-sized idlis and a cup of sambar.  I wish we'd tried the dosa as well, but that'll happen next time.
The wada appetizer was also three wadas.  I'm surprised that Katherine got three of those huge samosas when she ordered the appetizer.  We ordered the same one and only got two (super huge and super filling).  It's possible though that they're still revising the menu... I know they are planning on doing delivery in a few weeks as well.
Anyway, now that I'm done with all that scatterbrained excitement, here are my basic feelings and rationale for the four stars:
1. availability of idli, sambar, wada, dosa
2. price, quickness of service, friendliness of staff
3. ambiance -- it's cute and clean; big windows; lots of color on the walls/floor/furniture
4. general tastiness and freshness of food
I took away a star because I felt like somethings could have tasted a little better.  A big one for me is the chutneys.  Many reviewers say that the chutneys are excellent; we got the cilantro, coconut, and mango chutneys and all were decent but not incredible.  I was especially disappointed by the coconut chutney, which was excessively watery.  I could be slightly biased because my mom's chutney is out of this world...  either way, I can't wait to go back!I've had better dosas at Dosa Hut and Hot Breads.. I ordered a dosa and specifically mentioned no spinach but it came with it. They mixed up our orders of chutney as well. I'd go back only because there's no other dosa place close to my workplace.Wow the Dosa bread was literally two times my head . Tried the chicken with avocado and it was fantastic. Yellow chutney was my fave. We ordered for pickup and was ready fast. Very worth the price I will be back!PROS: Fast, delicious, cheap
CONS: Fast food ambiance
I've never had dosas before so I cannot comment on the authenticity of the ones at the Philadelphia Chutney Company. We ordered the Masala with Spinach, Jack Cheese,  Roasted Tomato, and Curry Chutney and the Paneer with Avocado, Fresh Tomato, Argula, Cheese, and Mango Chutney . Both dosas were very cute looking, flavorful, and filling. The Masala was awesome! I would definitely come here again to try the other chutneys! Particularly, I heard from a friend that the coconut chutney is "amazing".Heard a lot about this place.
Been here along with my colleagues. 
I've tried South Indian. But looks like this is famous place for North Indian dishes. 
I've ordered Masala Dosa and plain dosa. Both are not really impressive. There is no oil at all. If you don't like oil then it's a good place to eat dosa. For me I need a little oil in dosa and so I was not satisfied. Ambience is okay and prices are also cheap relatively in Philly down town . 
Would come back and try North Indian dishes.I came here for dinner and got the #8 dosa with cilantro chutney on the side. The dosa itself was very good however not good enough for he price. 10$ for what I got was not enough.The dosa is no doubt big but the potato filing and chutney/sambar was disappointing. The dosa was not at all good. I tried another dosa (with paneer stuffing) and samosa, both were again disappointing.It's not fine dining, but it hits the spot. I've been twice now and both times I ordered the chicken tikka kati roll. I'm not Indian and am not convinced I've ever had particularly authentic Indian food. After eating here, I still haven't. But it's still really tasty and actually not a scary huge portion size like most fast food, so that's always a bonus. Try the mango chutney - I could eat it with a spoon!The Philadelphia Chutney Company has some of the most authentic South Indian food I've had in  both the Philly and Pittsburgh areas.
Having lived in Kerala, South India for five months, I became a huge fan of Dosa. Ever since I returned from my time in India, I could not find the typical southern Indian Dosa but rather found mostly Northern Indian foods at Indian restaurants. This place gets it right with the "classic old school" version of Dosa. The other menu items are more Americanized so I would only recommend those if you're feeling adventurous.
Dosa is a large pancake (but not sweet) with a spicy curried potato filling accompanied by all sorts of curries and chutneys.
The prices here are part of the appeal- around $7-$8 for main menu items. 
2 Samosas (with a dipping sauce which was bomb)
2 Dosas 
1 Mango Lassi 
----------------------
Order total: $19. 98The food (I had a dosa with roast eggplant, chicken, goat cheese, and assorted veggies) was just okay. I ordered it with curry sauce, but even that didn't really do much to boost the flavor. I love the texture and taste of the dosa wrap, but the filling was surprisingly bland. 
Also, the menu in the window indicated $8 dosas while the menu inside (recently revised, it would seem) featured $10 dosas. Not sure if they just didn't get around to changing the menus in the windows, but it felt like a bait-and-switch, and $10 is just too much to pay for a dosa which wasn't even that filling. 
The cashier was friendly. The ambiance was like any other fast food joint but with better music (Indian). Like the food, the atmosphere was not that bad, but not that good either. Given the plethora of options in Philly, I'd say you'd be better off elsewhere.It's so yummy.. It test exactly like you were in India, service is fast and great, clean restaurant I'll definitely will come againThe Chef's Special dosa was tasty, but a bit dry. The mango chutney it came with was delicious, though I'm still trying to figure out why the dry spice rub drove the price of the dosa up to $8 from the $6 non-spicy one. As others here have expressed - why such a limited amount of chutney? The mango chutney helped overcome the dryness of the dosa, but I ran out mid-way through. Considering it's "The Philadelphia Chutney Co." they should have a self-service chutney bar to re-up mid-dosa.True what others say. Interesting, nice food, but maybe too starchy or processed, so it doesn't stay in your stomach for long. For $8 I do expect to be satiated for a decent while.
Nice place to send someone for lunch though and see them bring back this loooong wrap. Did I mention it's looooong?Our Wednesday Walkday gimmick usually features a lil snack along the way, but tonight we had for ourselves a full-fledged feast. 
Why do we never remember that dosas are pretty huge and we'd easily be happy to split? Why, especially as we typically also feel so strongly drawn to get down with an order of Gobi Manchurian as well? 
Well, first of all, we're fools for some sweet and spicy Indo-Chinese style fried cauliflower. Tangy-sauced crispy cauliflower, yesssss... Secondly, giant crispy crepe-like dosas, whether filled in traditional masala potato-y fashion, or stuffed with new fangled fusiony combinations, are such tasty business that once you get to dunking ripped pieces into the side sambar and a-smothering em in chutneys, there's no stoppin. In addition, we likes ta grub. Duh.
So, I guess I'm just sitting here answering my own questions.
Philadelphia Chutney Co. is a quick counter service kinda spot, and I'm telling yas, everyone working here has been beyond lovely and super friendly. Sweet even after, upon the occasion that they were outta coconut chutney, I feigned a lunge-with-intent-to-strangle. Always service with a smile.
We enjoy this place for a quick snack (PCC also makes idli, samosas, uttapas, and on and on...), or a gutt-bustin spread. It's straightforward, fresh, good cookin in a fastfoodish format. I DO quite wish the spicy factor would be amped up a lot, cause we love the hot... but still, we do enjoy. 
Why don't we hit this place up more often? 
That one I dunno.Fast food Indian-style, hell yeah!  I ordered a Chutney Wrap (I had no idea what I was doing with this menu)- the #20- Fresh Mozzarella, Roasted Peppers & Arugula w/ Tomato-Basil Dressing ($5) and #26 Samosa Spiced Indian Potato Filing with Tamarind ($2.50).  
Don't let those prices fool you, this is A LOT of food.  
The samosas appetizer is THREE huge samosas, it literally could have been all I ate and I would have been satisfied.  I thought they were great.  Not too greasy or fried, almost just "skim" fried, so that the outside is just a little crispy.  I really enjoyed the Tamarind chutney too.
The Chutney Wrap left a little something to be desired.  The flavors didn't "pop" like I thought they would and the Tomato-Basil dressing was pretty overpowering.
I tried a bite of my bf's #3- Masala Deluxe (spiced Indian potato filling), spinach, onion, tomato, American cheese ($7).  The dosa, "light, crispy, sour-dough crepe made from rice" was HUGE, absolutely the size of a Husky-sized child's arm.  I absolutely loved that crepe and wish I could purchase just that from them to use at home.  However, the filling reminded me of a Western Scramble from Denny's.  All that cheese made me feel sinful.  I would go with the traditional Masala dosa if and when we go back.
It's different and unique, so most definitely check it out.  If you're unfamiliar with Southern Indian cuisine, I'd recommend looking at the menu online before going to look at it more in-depth.  I was a total rookie!!My husband and I come here all the time. Definitely get the dosa with any of the chutney. All the Chutney is amazing! Our favorite chutnies are mango, cilantro, and coconut
The Saag is also wonderful. The staff are the nicest.