What can I say that others have not said? Not much but I can tell you this, This hotel was an excellent value for the $125 a night I paid to stay here. I am a native of Philadelphia however I was visiting the city for a wedding and did not want to stay with family.
I remember when this hotel was built but had no idea what it was really like until I stayed here. As soon as you pull in you have staff greeting you. The doormen, the bellman etc. I saw the check in desk was fairly large and just knew I was going to have to wait a long time to check in. That was not the case. I was called to the counter very fast. The agent asked for my name and id. She pulled up my reservation very quickly and gave me the information I needed for my room. She was polite, courteous and had a genuine smile the entire time. 
My room was on the 15th floor. I had to actually travel through this large lobby to a set of elevators around the corner. Before I got to my room I noticed they had ice cream in a small freezer for guest at check in. How cute.
I eventually got to my room and was impressed. The pics speak for themselves. The room was a good size, super clean because I checked and saw nothing out of line and it smelled good. I was already in heaven. I had no time to sit down but I did enjoy that bed when I came back to my room that night. It was plush and I sure wished I had it at home.
I have nothing negative to share about this hotel. It was A-ok with me.One thing this hotel needs- updated food. Room service is mediocre and has been the same far too long. There really aren't any options for people trying to watch what they eat, or options to substitute.  And when I say update- I don't mean that awful Fresh Bites thing Marriott thinks is a good idea. It's wasteful and anything but fresh.
The food in the concierge lounge is usually decent, but at times it seems like they just throw out whatever they can find.  Again, keeping in mind that everyone doesn't want to eat pastries and pasta in heavy sauce everyday- salad and veggies are always a nice option.  Especially at breakfast.  I'm so tired of pastries and breads I can't eat and under-ripe fruit I won't eat. Recently was at a RI which had salad fixings on the breakfast bar, and surprise- it was the most popular item!
The staff here are always friendly and helpful.
Rooms could use a refresh. They are fine, but dated and a bit dark.
The restaurant is ok, but again, could use a refresh on the menu. 
The doormen are always helpful and friendly. I just wish they didn't let people smoke right outside the door- it's kind of gross waiting for a cab with all that smoke.
However, when there are large groups in the hotel- particularly groups of young people in town for some sort of competition nearby, don't place your regular guests in the same area. We spent a horrible weekend among a bunch of rowdy kids running up and down the halls, screaming and yelling. When we complained the response was "they have their own security."  That's not how you treat customers.LOCATION:
Very central to the Reading Terminal Market, Hard Rock, Macy's and shopping.
LOBBY:
Spacious area with a raised platform in the center with lounge seats & tables, and a restaurant off to one side. 
ROOM:
Nice and spacious. The bed was very comfy and the pillows were firm. I hate those normally soft ones where your head is pretty much level with the bed.
Cable was out for the entire night and next day.
The bathroom is spacious with 1 sink and a shower/tub with okay water pressure and a quick drain. 
There was no parking in their garage, even for hotel guests.  There are several lots nearby which are priced a little less but the walk is farther.
SERVICE:
Check in & out was fast and friendly. We didn't utilize any other hotel services.Beware, Bedbugs.  I'm covered in over 140 bed bug bites.  Stayed 5 nights.  Hotel sent a security guard to my room to write my name down upon my complaint to the manager and that is it.  A colleague at the same conference said wrong place to stay known to have bedbugs.  Long time Marriott customer with elite status and highly disappointed.  Reported to Health Department.  Similar complaints posted on trip advisor and bed bug registry.  Miserable experience.. know how to check your room or avoid location.Rating - 3.5 stars
I stayed at the Philadelphia Marriott Downtown while attending a conference at the convention center.  It's in a really convenient location (near restaurants, shopping, across from the Reading Terminal Market, walking distance to historical sites, etc.), and there's an indoor walkway that connects directly to the convention center.  The lobby area is also really big and a good place to hang out with work colleagues.  The concierge is really big and well stocked.  Given all these plusses, I would rate the hotel a solid 4 stars.  However, I didn't have a 4-star stay because of the really, really loud construction noise on the street nearby that sounded like someone revving a motorcycle, dropping huge metal containers, and jackhammering throughout the whole night.  It was impossible to get a good night's sleep.  This was one of those times when I wished Philadelphia had a noise curfew.  The walls were also pretty thin, as I could hear the person in the room next door engaging in "late night activities".  Too bad an otherwise pleasant stay was tainted by such severe noise issues.Love this hotel. I just checked into Philadelphia today and I'm having a blast. I came on this trip alone knowing it was be a good one. I'm doing the tourist/adventure thing. This hotel is huge from I see. Check in was simple and o did everything from my marriot app. I simply walked to the front desk and they asked for ID. By the way, they let me check in at 1:00pm. I didn't have to tote a suitcase around the city until 4pm. I also have a pretty awesome view from my room. Look at City Hall.Great location & very centrally located to everything in Philadelphia. Room was clean and quiet, and only $119 with the AAA rate! 
Wifi is free if you are a member of Marriott rewards, which I joined immediately prior to staying here.Hotel is super conveniently located for everything you might want to do in Philly - a close walk to the museums, historical stuff, south street, etc. You really can't get a better location. 
Room was affordable, parking wasn't too bad (considering it was valet and everything else in the area is similarly priced).
Room was super clean and the housekeeping staff was SUPER friendly.  The bed was really comfortable, the temperature control was spot on, and it was a great stay.The hotel itself looks nice, but once you head over to the rooms it looks pretty outdated. I wasn't very happy with the check in process, the guy who checked me in didn't explain that there are two towers; I was there for the auto show and would have liked to know that there was one tower closer to the convention center. I also have status and I'm usually offered water bottles when I check in, I had to ask him for water after seeing other people get them and he came back with just one because he ran out. 
I had great service from the waitress at the bar, however, the food I ordered was mediocre. I ordered their seafood tater tots, which looked amazing on paper, but were lacking flavor. 
The highlight of staying here was that I got to catch the Superbowl while I was there and they had tv projectors in the lobby, they also had free food/drinks at the concierge lounge, which was pretty great. 
The location is great, near many restaurants and easy access to landmarks.As conference venues go, I have to say the Marriott Philadelphia Downtown is pretty crappy.  All the meeting rooms are too small; if you combine them together, you get a very long and narrow room that makes the people in the back feel like they're not even participating.  The ballroom is a pretty decent size, as is the exhibit hall, but the congregation areas on the 4th and 5th floors (outside those rooms) are ridiculously long and the escalators are inconvenient.  The main lobby has lots of great chairs - I even took a nap on one, since I'm staying with friends while attending this conference - but needs more outlets.  The restaurant (13) and bar (Circ) are jaw-droppingly overpriced.  $9.50 for a vodka diet? $6 for a tiny bit of hummus?  Seriously?  And the wifi...I didn't even bother.  $13 PER DAY for non-hotel guests.  I've heard rumors that the parking is $45/day but I've been using public lots and garages instead, there are a million around.  The Starbucks in the lobby is priced normally and has lots of seating.  The official conference center is convenient to get to from inside.  Reading Terminal Market is right across the street for lunch, but you'll have to go elsewhere for dinner because it closes at 6pm.
I'll be back next year for another conference and I'll be staying in a room that time, so I'll definitely update my review then.Beautiful hotel.  Hard to drive to if you're not familiar with the city.  Decor is stylish.  Bed looks old and needs a fluffy comforter.  Pillows look fluffy but deflate easily.Wifey is very particular about her rooms. From looking at the traveler's photos, I felt pretty good, but the carpets looked old and very work (kinda dirty in appearance). We had to stay for a conference though, so it was going to happen. 
CHECK_IN: The train from the airport went directly to the convention center. From there we took an elevator up to the convention center and then followed the many signs across the bridge to the hotel without ever setting foot outdoors. We were checked in at the VIP station very promptly and got our room. 
ROOM: It was very clean, comfy. The carpet was ugly and dated, but very clean nonetheless. The TV was very small and cheap for such an expensive place, they def need to upgrade. the beds were great, nice bedding, very comfortable and clean again. 
AMENITIES: We didn't use the pool area at all, but I did use the fitness center. It was pretty small, but adequate. They had about 8-9 treadmills, some ellipticals, some nautilus equipment, and some dumbells with benches. Not bad, I got a good workout in anyway. 
LOCATION: right in the middle of everything downtown and a short walk to shopping, restaurants, nightlife, etc. Also, connected by tunnels and bridges to the convention center, many shops and restaurants, the reading terminal market, etc., for your convenience so that you don't have to set foot outside. 
CONFERENCE ROOMS: the conference rooms were pretty standard for a nice hotel. They were nice, well-equipped, and decent sized. 
VALUE: very pricey in my opinion. We paid $200/nt for the conference but I'm sure it is usually more. For what you are getting, you should be paying $100-130 tops in my opinion. I would trade the convention center convenience to cut the price in half any day of the week!everything awesome beside my waitress..last night i had a dinner i paid with groupon so after we told her we have groupon her attitude been changed. Even when i asked my check and paid with groupon she asked me tip..i said of course i'm gonna leave you tip but i never heard before..This kind a big restaurants needs to be more picky when they hire waitress or any other employees..Attended a big (350plus) event in the grand ballroom.
Excellent service and surprisingly good food.
Recommend..Not the best Marriott I have been to but decent. Stayed there on a Free Night coupon so I have nothing to complain about. Nice Beds and semi spotless rooms. Overall not a bad stay buit they are doing renovations to the main lobby.
One plus is the Starbucks in the lobby, although the serivce there is horrible. 
Would probaly try and stay somewhere else until the lobby is done with constructionThree stars for a three star hotel, how fitting.  It's a Marriott, expect upper middle class accommodations. Clean, pleasant staff, fast check in. Stiff mattress, thin walls, and small bathrooms. I was very thankful that the hotel did not put us on a floor with one of the dozens of high school volleyball teams in town for some regional championship but it meant the lobby restaurant was teaming with teenagers. The card key access elevator was a nice touch but the layout of the lobby made them difficult to find. So while I would have rather stayed at the Lowes across the street the Marriot was fine for a night!Great location.  Right by the convention center and the Reading Market.  Great areas to explore nearby.  Rooms are OK, but slightly dated.  For drinks, pick 13 over the main lobby bar.  Great restaurants nearby should preclude eating here.We stayed here for 5 nights in November for the WFTDA roller derby national tournament.  After booking through the event's block of rooms, we discovered we could save quite a bit by going through Priceline.  As a result we had a rather confusing booking, under two names and several separate confirmation numbers.  The fact that the gentleman checking us in was only mildly annoyed by this was a small miracle in itself.  
The hotel itself is well connected to not only the Convention Center, but also the train and many shops/restaurants.  Someone attending an event at the Convention Center could get by very well without ever having to set foot outside.  Reading Terminal Market is right across the street!
Beds were comfy, with wonderful fluffy pillows that managed to be soft, yet maintain shape at the same time.  
For a place this ginormous, the staff does a great job of personalizing your say there.Very nice hotel. Excellent location putting us in walking distance to almost all of downtown Philly's attractions. Very courteous staff, clean rooms, upscale toiletries, great location.I stayed in philly for a few weeks while visiting friends. I found this hotel to be near a majority of things and stayed here. The hotel and its staff are incredible. Very well built, customer service was incredible. The only issue is the temperature in the room, I live in California and understand it would be cold, but my gosh! My room felt like the Arctic.  They room heating/cooling system is on a timer that shuts off constantly so my room was never warm enough.
I've been telling everyone Im staying at the NorthPole, feels like it!Stay away from Marriott Downtown.
Arrived to find a line of 100 plus people waiting to check in.
Our room was in a neighboring building a block away. (Especially inconvenient when you return late at night and discover your room key doesn't work and you have to go back to the main desk to get a new one.)
The room view was of a wall and air conditioning ducts...for an astonishing $250 a night.
Save money and have a better experience at a motel 63.5 Stars stayed at this hotel to visit family 
Pros
-beautiful lobby and spacious!
-offers a gym, indoor pool, and full Starbucks store inside
-this maybe weird but when you open the door to your room, it smelled nice. Lol I hate staying at hotels and they usually have a musty smell, so for this hotel to smell nice when you walked in gave it a little brownie point
-lobby area has huge bar area with lots of comfort lounge chairs and large tvs
-in the heart of the city, a few blocks from stores and popular restaurants 
-staff was friendly 
Cons
-bathroom was a little outdated, tile floor looked a bit gross
-for an expensive hotel, I wish they offered better toilet paper selection. Best to bring your own. The kind they offer is very thin and cheap 
-super expensive parking if you park the car in the garage 
-was a little dusty in the room but mainly clean
-they don't have any backup concierges, long line to check in with two small kids is not fun.. 
Will definitely stay at this hotel again due to a great location!Lobby: 5 stars
Lavish in appearance & festive in spirit. I loved the tall decorated Christmas tree in the center of the entrance lobby.
Restaurant/Bar/Lounge: 4.5 stars
The ambience is modern classy & the decor is contemporary art inspired as evidenced by the application of subtle and vibrant colors. It is a nice wide open space with high ceilings and centrally located on the ground floor close to the lobby. The best seating area for drinks is by the marble edged water fountain with a large bronze sculpture. 
They do have a good wine selection, but the beer menu could have been more creative. We ordered the 3 tiered sampler of 5 sliders, 4 super meaty crab cakes, 15 chicken wings, and small salad of radish & zucchini.  Loved the crab cakes! I could have eaten all 4 of them, but I had to share. It was decently priced at $35 and more than enough for 2 people to handle. We needed a third person to help us clean up the plates.
Room: 5 stars
We had a corner room the 21st floor with a great view of City Hall. The beds were so comfy that we ended up sleeping in late 2 mornings in a row. I'm glad they didn't have the ugly paisley bedspreads I'm so used to seeing in most hotels. Sleeping under the ultra thick feather stuffed comforter felt like being wrapped in a cocoon.
Toiletries: 1 star
I wasn't too pleased with the orange ginger flavored shampoo & conditioner from Bath & Body Works. Although the label read "Aromatherapy" in bold typeface, it smelled a lot like hand sanitizer. 
Service: 5 stars
The attendants were very prompt and professionally mannered. Once we called the front desk informing the hair dryer in our room broke, it took no more than 3 minutes for the repair guy to deliver a new one to us. When we asked for more bath towels & shampoo, they arrived within 2 minutes to deliver our stuff.
Gym: Rating not applicable
Although I didn't get a chance to use any of the equipment, the facility is open 24 hours.  
Pool: 2.5 stars
The water was lukewarm in temperature, but the chlorine was so strong it stuck to my skin. I had to take 2 showers to rinse the odor off. 
Jacuzzi: 3 stars
The water was well heated and the jets produced enough pressure. However, the jets would automatically shut down after 15 minutes. We had to get up every time and turn the switch back on. The interruptions didn't make our spa experience so relaxing.
Sauna: 1 star
We didn't know where the switch was to turn the steam on. The gym attendant was MIA the whole time we were there from 5:30-6:30pm. 
Guests: 1 star               
We met a nice couple from Bucks County having vodka gimlets by the water fountain at the bar/lounge the first night we arrived. One of them seemed very chatty. We also came across a lot of old fashioned fuddy-duddies on our way to and from the indoor pool located on the 7th floor. They were formally dressed for dinner and condescendingly stared at us with discomfort. Guess it's a rare occassion to ride an elevator with 2 girls like us wearing swimsuits wrapped in bath towels. Anyway, this is a hotel...not a church!Bed bug alert!!! I stayed at this Marriott for two nights this week in room 8808 for a conference. The room itself was nice. The lack of free internet was a bummer, The day after the first night, I was a little itchy after my shower but didn't think anything of it since I had an early start and was in a rush. The next day, I was REALLY itchy. I checked in the mirror and had itchy bite marks all over my back!!! Gross!
I have traveled quite a bit for work and never had a bed bug incident! This hotel is gross!Just like Holly T., I stayed here while attending a conference at the convention center. This was the best hotel experience I have ever had while attending a conference. The price was good, the room was clean, the bed was comfortable, and the interactions I had with the staff were nice.
It's so convenient to the convention center with an indoor bridge on the second floor. It's also convenient to Reading Terminal Market and super cute 13th Street with too many restaurants, wine bars, and shops to name.
And just like Holly T., my only complaint was having no wifi available, for free or otherwise. -1 star for that, but otherwise a very positive experience!Good location
Fine rooms
Valet parking is trouble
So many reviews have covered the basics, so I'll try to touch on some of the peripherals.
If you want to be downtown when staying, you could do a lot worse than the walkability, transit access, and central nature of this hotel.  Capacity also isn't a problem, as it's tremendous; even the largest of groups can grab a block of rooms here without much trouble.  That capacity also generally drives room prices lower unless a very large event is going on, as does happen with the conventions held nearby.
Reading Terminal should be treated as the breakfast and/or lunch spot du jour here instead of ever bothering with an on-site restaurant...which is not to disrespect the Marriott offerings, but you're in Philadelphia - take advantage of his hotel's location and consider it a perk of the real estate to have that city institution just steps from the hotel lobby.
You won't likely have a great view here, even with some of the higher floor rooms - it's situated conveniently, but surrounded on virtually all sides by other similar buildings, which crowds the scenery.  Not a real problem, but not as scenic as some Center City offerings.
I've attended a wedding that was hosted here, and the bride and groom both felt very well attended to and taken care of throughout the process.  I can say that the set-up and take-down processes were prompt, professional, and unobtrusive, just as you'd want them to be.  The wedding crew executed very well, and with a friendly air that was appreciated. 
Finally, the valet parking here is (at time of writing, December 2013) $48/night.  Philadelphia parking rates aren't cheap to begin with, there are no surprises in the publication of fees, and the people are generally friendly at drop-off, the pay window, and pick-up.  However, the valet bay is almost always bustling if not overly crowded, dropping off guests can be a harrowing experience, and if you need directions to your next destination, get them before you get your car, because the staff will (understandably) be hurrying to clear you out of the lane.  Also, even though you're given a valet ticket to claim your car by calling down 10-15 minutes ahead, I've had the experience on more than one occasion that the person manning the call line says "due to the high volume of check-outs today, we're unable to do call-ahead; please come down to claim your car."  When I did, I was told it would be a 20-25 minute wait.  It turned out to be 20, but that was 20 minutes I would have preferred to be in my room, rather than holding a duffel bag and a suit, cooling my heels in the lobby because it was 20 degrees out.
Last FYI: This hotel's closest competition is its little brother, the Courtyard by Marriott location essentially adjacent, facing City Hall.  Each has the location you want if right downtown is what you need; comparing each for availability, price, and specials is always a worthwhile exercise.
A-OK.This hotel is perfectly situated in downtown Philadelphia to meet the needs of all travelers. It is especially convenient for those attending functions at the Convention Center. Immediately across the street is the Reading Terminal Market, a real treat!!
I have stayed at Marriotts many times and have to say that this is not what I've been accustom to at this type of hotel. But it was clean, staff was courteous, and everything was perfect for what I needed during this business trip.Not much nightlife in the area. Hotel is really run down.  Not your standard quality MarriottVery good service.  We landed early and checked in but rooms were not ready yet.  We asked if they could put our rooms near each other.  They happily accommodated us!! They called us as soon as out rooms were ready.  I didn't have my Marriott rewards card and thy liked it up and credited me for my stay!!The hotel is very convenient, located in downtown Philly, and close to the Reading Terminal Market. It is also located close to the town hall and town square. On a nice day, you can get a great view of Philadelphia, especially if you are located one of the higher floors. I was here for July 4th weekend and you could see the fireworks over the city. The club lounge is very nice and the servers try to do their best to make your stay a positive experience. There are a variety of dishes ranging from hot foods to pastries and yogurts and the rooms are nice and clean. There also is a FedEx, a Starbucks, a lounge, a restaurant, a bar, and much more. The rooms are spacious and clean and the guest services are very helpful. The only bad thing is that there are multiple towers and the convention hall takes a long time to get to, especially when there are about 1000 or more people trying to get to the same place. They might want to consider making sure all the elevators are working, especially on a busy weekend. Very positive experience overall and I would come back.I stayed at the Downtown Marriot for a conference last week. First let me say that the beds are ridiculously comfortable!  You never want to get out of them! I never actually ordered room service because all meals were covered. However, the food itself was relatively tasty. I only say this because I am a vegetarian, and conference-food doesn't necessarily cater to vegetarians. But, I never had any trouble finding food in the Reading Market which is literally a less than a 2 minute walk from the Hotel. 
Their pool is small. I love their gym. It has good machines and you can get a pretty decent if not equivalent workout there. Guys - please note - obviously if you are the iron-pumping type, this gym will not work for you. 
I also like the fact that you get the newspaper right at your door every morning. It's usually USA Today but I saw the Wall Street Journal in front of few doors (confession - I swapped my USA Today with their WSJ! ) But, I think you can probably request a change in what newspaper you get. 
The downtown Marriot is a big hotel that caters mostly to conferences and such. I'm sure there are people there not attending any conferences, but be prepared to see A LOT of people wearing nametags, etc. If you are looking for a romantic experience, this hotel might not be for you. Moreover, it is quite expensive.  Especially considering that the bathrooms are nothing to write home about.This ended up being a great place to have a group of us stay while spending a weekend in Philly. We had planned on having 3 people in a room, but kept ending up with people coming late, extra rooms being booked - so that never actually happened. And as such, it was great. This really is downtown, a short walk from many restaurants, shops, train station and theaters. Bus station is further away. Its a longer, but doable walk, to a lot of tourist attractions in either direction. Throw in public transit or cabs, and you're really positioned great to explore the city.  
This is a marriott, so the rooms, staff etc are what you expect - I'll focus on the differences from a standard marriott here. 
The rooms are smaller - its a city hotel. Plenty of space for two guys, maybe crowded for more than that. If you get two beds, you can't bring in a cot - that is only available for king sized beds. If you plan on having three to a room - I'd suggest going that route.
The bar and restaurant on premise are very classy. Plenty of seating in the downstairs lounges make this a great place for a drink while you round up your friends.
Breakfast is only included if you're an elite member. Fortunately we had enough members in our group we all made it up to the 21st floor lounge. Free water, continental breakfast + eggs meant a great start for the days we used this.
Parking is $50 a day. It's valet, so add in a tip every time you want to use your car. Also add in 20 minutes or call ahead, because they are not fast with this - but they are careful with the cars. One guy found $20ish parking next door in an open lot, but no in/out privilege. Be aware of this, and plan accordingly.Great Priceline price of $55/night! Location is centrally located near train stations, Chinatown, The Trocadero, across street from Reading Market. Bed was comfy, bathroom spacious compared to comparable hotels. For your convenience, there's an airport shuttle departing every half hour for only $12, great if you have luggage.Love the proximity of the Marriott downtown.  Ventured into the hotel without a reservation and was provided.  Was extremely busy with conventions and cheer competitions but the facility rooms were quiet.   Perfect location to walk to Reading terminal across the street.   Was a great stayAs a business traveler, I  have stayed at hundreds of Marriots. This hotel is the WORST hotel I have ever stayed in. 
1) Ants in  my room - I found ants in my room. I called the front desk since I had to leave for the office.  When I returned to my room, there was no indication whether the ants had been removed or if any action was taken.  I had to go down to the front desk to find out that they were not aware of the issue.
2) Bad customer service - I had a stomach ache and called room service  for a cup of hot water.  I was charged $16!!!  For a cup of hot water.  When I inquired aboout the charge, they said this is their policy.  It wasn't till I told the room service manager, if you were sick - would you want to be charged for hot water did she agree to remove the charge.
3) Dirty rooms - in general the air in the rooms is stagnant. I found stains on my towels and on the sofa chair.
After my horrible stays in this hotel, I will never return - and I advise you to do the same.A Standard Marriott with extraordinarily high room prices due its location.Nice and clean hotel. They have free wi-fi, an indoor pool, gym. It is very close to the Reading Terminal Market which is like an international food market/food court which we loved. There is a Seven-Eleven across the street in case you forgot some travel essentials. We walked to Dilworth Park, Locust St, Your Move sculpture, Love Park, City Hall. We would've ventured further if it wasn't winter and 35°F out. There is a Starbucks in the lobby. Check-in and out were quick. Beds were soft. Mini refrigerator in room. My one complaint: One-Ply toilet paper in the rooms, the really thin kind that you can see through. Why?!?!? Such a lovely hotel with all the conveniences and yet they frustrate their guests with discounted toilet paper. *sigh* But our stay was good overall.The property is nice. It's not recently renovated but there is nothing strikingly outdated. The bed and pillows are comfortable and the room noise is very minimal. The lounge is a decent size but was crazy packed on a Sunday morning. I'd stay here again. Tip: parking can set you back $50 a night so park in a nearby neighborhood that doesn't have parking restrictions and walk.A little big for my taste...still excellent property.One thing this hotel needs- updated food. Room service is mediocre and has been the same far too long. Also, breakfast doesn't need to be pastries and cereal. Would love to see veggies/salad in the lounge as an option.There are some great two word combinations. "High Five", "Extra Guacamole", "Mets Win", but nothing tops "Free Upgrade". Getting upgraded to a suite was only the first reason why my stay at the Marriot Downtown was truly five star worthy. 
The accommodations are peaceful, quiet, and comfortable. The suite had room to spare and everything you would expect from a hotel of this caliber. I could live in that bed. 
Along with our stay we had access to their pool and gym. The gym was standard and the pool looked nice. I especially enjoyed the note left by the attendant who wrote they would be right back, and that they had to dump the fresh linens. If read fast you may think it said something else. 
The hotel is smack head in the middle of the downtown area and located across the street from everyone's favorite, Read Terminal Market. The place is gorgeous. It's was exactly what I was looking for. 
Thank you to the wonderful staff of the Marriot Downtown.A little pricey, but clean and well maintained. Free apples at check-in and the ability to print out your boarding pass for free in the lobby are bonuses.  Wifi in the room costs $13 bucks or you can go to the lobby for free wifi. 
Great location - about 1.5 miles from touristy stuff like Philly Museum of Art (Rocky steps), Independence Hall/Liberty Bell, US Mint, etc. The metro (which is $7 from the airport) drops you off right at the hotel. $11 for a shuttle to and from airport every 30 minutes. However, would probably stay at the other Marriott, literally down the street (Juniper) for cheaper and I think free wifi.Clean room. Friendly check in staff. Allowed us to check out late which really helped with our event. Centrally located-walkable to great restaurants and bars. Park at the parkway deck for $37-24 hours.Excellent location with a Starbucks in the lobby, the pros stop there. Customer service was OK, the rooms were on OK, linen was not fresh and the water pressure was awful... I was very disappointed, thankfully my family wasn't in the hotel other than sleep, and we are the Elite members' breakfast. Clean linen, well stocked bathroom, like toilet paper is a necessity as I personally take my own pillowcases everywhere I go but this place, my Lysol was also needed. This Marriott was Overprice but  because of location we stayed the duration. Not Vegan friendly in their joke of a restaurant,"13" was lacking but there are several restaurants within walking distance... If you are in the area on business, the location is great, other than that, you will be disappointed as your alarm is hearing the people next door taking a shower. The pipes are loud but not very much pressure was a bit annoying... First and Last time staying at this Marriott property.We stayed here for the July 4 th weekend for 4 nights and was one of the most enjoyable vacations we have been on.  The room was nice and clean we did have a rear view but it was okay we could see the reading terminal market. The staff was so nice. Very professional.  My wife and I were in the lobby visiting with our son who drove up just to see us before he went to New York. And a Manager came up asked if he could take picture of our family and we accidentally spilled coffee and they were so courteous and cleaned up. And talked with us and welcomed us to the city.   Room service was good. If you are visiting philly this is the place to stay.I just got back from a conference in Philadelphia and sadly stayed at this sorry Marriott. I realize this is a large metropolitan hotel but the customer service at this Marriott is the worst I have ever experienced. They simply didn't give a damn. Wifi not working. #shrug. Room is too warm and uncoolable. #shrug. I could grab 10 people of the street with better customer instincts than this crew. Also it's sad when the floor is mushy to the step but the bed is stiff as a board. Non-existent views even after asking for a higher floor. Over-priced parking and yeah did I mention the wifi sucked? Having to wait on a room at 6:30 seems pretty ridiculous as well.Check was fine!  Then I came down to get my car from the valet.  I called 12 minutes earlier and when I arrived I still had to wait another 15 minutes.  The following day I called down to get my car for check out. I came down and my car was parked across from the entrance but no one could find my car keys for over 45 minutes.  It turned out my car was parked in front of the entrance all night long.  I wrote the hotel and advised them of my experience and the hotel issued me a credit for the cost of valet.  Then after the credit was issued, they charged me 3 times for the valet.  It was hold on my credit card for over a week and I need my money to flowers for a funeral.  I called them and got no answer, tweeted them and got a half hearted reply.  Then I filed a complaint with the Better Business Bureau and they called me.  They were not sympathetic nor customer friendly they actually attempted to belittle me.  The issue now stood that they were charging my card multiple times.  They claimed they issued me too many credits and my bank authorized my card again to replace the extra credit they issued me.  I called my bank on a three way call the bank denied they had anything to do with the new authorization.  I asked the guy how could you authorize my card without my permission?  He still denied he had anything to do with it.  This place is the worst and the rooms are old and nasty looking....I came to the Marriott Downtown for the yearly huge ISTE conference (largest EdTech conference in the world w/18K+people!) at the Philadelphia convention center.
Check in was unusually rough & annoying. As a member of the ISTE Board of Directors I had a king room reserved near an elevator - it wasn't ready early at 1:00pm when I came in all hot & sticky from the Amtrak train, cab, & a 100degree humid June day. It wasn't until after my 9pm meeting (and a temporary dbl room to change & a wasted $20 tip to desk mgr. ) that they finally got me into Rm 1076 - a lovely King near the elevator - on the side of the building that is closest to the 3rd floor bridge to the Convention Center which is key because the hallways are FOOTBALL FIELD LENGTH LONG! Whew! Seriously, if you're coming for a conference at the convention center and don't want to add another 10 min walk each way to your room make sure you get a high numbered room!
The newly renovated room was gorgeous! 42" LCD LG TV, sleek marble bathroom w/rain shower head, crisp sheet covered feather duvet & a plethora of pillows. It also had a nice view of the rotating guitar of the Hard Rock Cafe. Sadly, the bed hurt my back (unlike the Sofitel!)  so I asked for another feather duvet & with judicious doubling up created a feather bed topper. I also asked for a REFRIGERATOR which was not standard for bottles of water, Diet Coke, and fruit. Nice that they delivered it & plugged it in whilst I was at a meeting. The Marriott is a Pepsi hotel but there's a 7-11 out the front door and a Wine & Spirits shop out the back door (across the street from the outdoor cafe) Also close by a Hard Rock Cafe, Melting Pot, & an Italian place where I had a lovely but pricey lunch called Maggiano's.
Hotels will generally try and provide items that you need if they are not included. I've previously requested table or box fans to put me to sleep and provide air movement - too bad the Marriott didn't have any. Always TIP WELL when you are brought a requested item & thank them with a warm grateful smile!
There are 2 lobby bars - one in the middle of the lboby that's round, contemporary, pretty, comfy, but usually full and another Level 13 across the bank of elevators. Handy for meetings as they have a few tables near outlets for laptops - SCORE! Prices for drinks are high - $9.00 for a glass of Chardonnay and $7 for a bottle of Yeuingling.
Much has been said on Trip Advisor & Yelp about the rude service but after I got into my room the people were all lovely and accommodating as could be! I had 2 ROOM SERVICE meals that were delivered faster than estimated, piping hot, & tasty with only one hitch. I was disappointed when the cheapest ($40) bottle of Chardonay listed on the menu for an impromptu afternoon wine & cheese party was found to be unavailable with a call back 5 min after I ordered ..OK, let's try next one ($45) .....4 min wait on hold...No? Ok, the next one ($51) 3 min wait on hold...Nope! The cheapest bottle of Chardonnay avail from the room service staff was $65 ...What the heck!? Miffed, I canceled the whole thing and met my friends at the hotel lobby bar instead where.....the elusive $40 bottle of wine was available. I never did figure that out, but buying the whole bottle for wine and cheese party for 5 was just perfect and saved $10 bucks! Hey, I'm thrifty! 
The doormen were lovely & hailed cabs quick as a wink but the concierge gave questionable advice when looking for a place to eat steak & seafood. They recommended the Philadelphia Chart House (well known to me because of their sister properties in Annapolis & Baltimore) but the reviews on Yelp for this one were HORRIBLE! We ended up going to the Capital Grille (see my review) that was just amazing.
The walk from the hotel to the largest Terrace Ballroom going through the Convention Center is a LONG TREK! Like 5 blocks all inside & lovely but far, far, away! The Reading Terminal Market is also nearby with stalls of food & other delectable just make sure to keep your purse zipped & secured - a friend of mine had her wallet stolen whilst there this week...and that was just a shame!
WIRELESS Internet was NOT FREE & had some odd charges but it was fast & reliable. I'm still mystified how the Hampton Inn can a offer free brekkie and free wireless but fancy shmancy places like this can't or....don't.
All in all my 7 nights at the Marriott Downtown were great. Clean hotel, nice refurbished rooms, LOVED having HBO for my True Blood & Game of Thrones fix and staff that really - if approached with a warm smile, were gracious & accommodating! Thank you!
Room Tip: near an elevator, convention ctr sideAfter a 1-star experience at the Sheraton in Downtown Philadelphia a couple of weeks ago, it was so nice to stay at this Marriott.  The customer service they provided was second to none.  We were booked for two nights, Friday and Saturday.  On Saturday afternoon, something came up that we needed to tend to in Baltimore.  I spoke with a customer service representative and was leery that we wouldn't be able to receive a refund for Saturday evening, as at the time the issue arose it was well past checkout.  On the contrary, we were refunded, and the hotel representative was so sympathetic with my family emergency and several times wished me "all the best." 
On another note (disclaimer:  this is gross), one of our friends stopped by our room briefly on Friday night.  We'd been partying and he was admittedly pretty sloshed and accidentally vomited on the bed.  I tried to clean up after him but suffice it to say it was not working.  I sheepishly called down to the desk and asked for housekeeping (it was 1 am, I felt horrible and like such an over-privileged American, just had to say that), and throughout my intense embarrassment at the issue, the customer service provided was again impeccable.  
The room was lovely:  very clean and updated.  I will definitely return to the Philadelphia Marriott Downtown because the accommodations were excellent and the hotel staff made me feel valued.I've stayed here so many times for business over the years I can't count my stays, but I can count the free rooms from my reward points. This hotel is always consistent from the staff to the rooms, and is in a great location downtown to get to wherever you need to. To date I have never had any problems with staff, personal belongings or my car.This hotel is absolutely huge and caters to conferences and large groups.  The location is excellent.  However, I found the entire place to be understaffed (waited too long for anything I needed - check-in to check-out).  Room was attractive, but nothing outstanding.  Overall it was good, but not outstanding (same as my last stay here - if it hadn't been the lowest price Marriott in the area I would not have stayed here again)...I'd really like to give this hotel a higher rating because of the great location and close proximity to everything.  Reading terminal is across the street.  The bus depot and trains are walking distance.  There is a 7-11 across the street,  a shopping center (Old Navy, Burlington, Marshalls, etc...) down the block.   Chinatown is within a few blocks.  I didn't see a liquor store but I'm sure there is one nearby.   
However, the service leaves much to be desired.  
 I called prior to our reservation with a question and was hardly helped.  The woman who answered the phone was rushed and had an attitude.   
On Saturday evening we tried to get a drink from one of the hotel bars before returning to our room for the evening.  Both bars were crowded, an after wedding crowd, and both bartenders seemed overworked.  We squeezed into the bar at the restaurant and took a seat at the end of the bar.   We waited over 20 minutes with no service.   The bar back and the bartended didn't acknowledge anyone that was not in that giant group.  He even stopped to say hello to a friend that popped in at the other end of the bar.  I even tried waving my arm in the air to catch his attention to no avail.  We eventually went back to our room.  When we got back to the room we tried calling the front desk with no success.  We were placed on hold and we eventually hung up without being helped there as well.  We then tried room service... and was told that they closed at 1am.  It was after 1am, but not by much.  But if we didn't have to waste 30 minutes trying to get a drink or someone on the phone we wouldn't have missed the cut off.   We went out for a cigarette after that and were surprised by the staff members behind the check in desk.  Where were you when we were calling before?  
Sunday morning, we tried calling Valet to retrieve our car.  We were heading to an event and wanted to have the car ready so we would not have to stand outside with all of our packages and balloons (lots of balloons).   We tried 3 times and no one answered in valet.   We went downstairs, packages and balloons in tow) to retrieve our car and was told (by the staffed Valet desk) that it would be 20 minutes.   After waiting 20 minutes, a staff member approached us to ask us about our vehicle and then said "We are having difficulty finding your vehicle".  Seriously?  Press the panic button!   It took about 25-30 minutes to finally get our car from Valet.   
Spills in the elevators were not tended to.  The same coffee/breakfast spills that Ive noticed in the morning were still there later that evening.
Housekeeping... did their job... minimally.    The room wasn't dirty, but it as still messy and some trash was not removed.   Some of the trash fell out of the can and it was left on the floor (nothing dirty - just papers and a losing lottery ticket.. but still)  They vacuumed (maybe) the way my boyfriend does... around the items(bags, shoes, etc) on the floor.    Some of the towels they provided were not clean either.   To be honest, I've had better housekeeping at other cheaper hotel chains.  Also, don't start knocking on my door at 9am when the DO NOT DISTURB sign is posted.  
Also.. just a hint:  bring your own blow dryer!  I never expect much from a hotel dryer,but I usually make due.   This dryer was terrible.  I could have stuck my head out of the window and it would have dried quicker.Upon arrival I was greeted by a very attentive and friendly check in clerk. The hotel was busy with weddings the whole weekend but still had enough staff to assist everyone else. Rooms were clean and the price wasn't bad at all considering its proximity to everything.Location was a bit hard to find but very nicely decorated. Room was nice and clean but I highly recommend saving your money for the concierge floor upgrade. Went multiple times and it was empty...Disgusting. Our room was gross. I felt like they had rented the room out hourly before we got there and didn't clean it completely before we walked in. There is residue of past use in the bathroom. You walk out of the shower feeling itchy and dirtier than when you got in. Please also note that wifi is NOT FREE HERE, which in 2017 is a crock of sh*t in my opinion. I'd give it one star but the location is great so I changed it to 2 stars.Always a fan of the Marriott or Courtyard downtown, as I've stayed at both for years. From the valet to the front desk to room service, this place rocks. The only reason I gave it 4 stars, is because the address is on market street, but parking is behind the hotel and it's not easy to figure that out. For the non local people, drive around to Juniper and hit up the valet or self park. Outside of that, book it Dano, because this is a great hotel in a great area with superb restaurants to choose and walk too. Buying the old hotel across the street and doing the reno is a major plus, which is where we stayed. Very large rooms and great architecture. Nicely done Governor!Spent time here for a conference. Meeting space was great, roomy, and the food was outstanding. Love that there was a Starbucks in the lobby to make my way down to in the middle of sessions!The staff is friendly and willing to help you out when you need it. I lost my valet ticket while staying and they quickly found my car for me. 
The rooms are pretty nice and spacious, a quality I've come to expect and enjoy in Marriott. The only shortcoming is that there's just one restaurant in the hotel and it doesn't have an extensive menu. There are plenty of eating options close by, but when I first arrived I was too tired to go out, and didn't really see anything that appealed to me on their limited menu.
Overall an enjoyable stay.Be carefull giving your credit card to the bar.  10/19 a monday nite, not suoer busy, I went down from my room to get a glass of wine and bowl of soup.  My card was 'lost' for 20 minutes after I asked to close out.  Bartender was very unconcerned, yet my card was  'found' ...ok.  Schetchy...I really hate to write such a horrible review about a place but after the way me and my friends were treated after a recent stay. We checked in on a Saturday August 12th around 8:30 pm. I had two rooms booked under my name . Both rooms were located on the other side of the hotel, seems to be like an older part. Me and my friends left our rooms around 10:30 pm that night to attend a party in another part of Philadelphia. Only to come back around 5:00 am that morning to realize that my stuff was stolen. I had clothes taken, my Ipad charger, perfume, and my Louis Vuitton bag ! Come to find out three cards was issued for one of my rooms but I was only presented with 2 of those cards. I filed a claim with the Marriott claims department However nothing has been done in reference to this incident. When it came to check out I spoke with the manager about possibly being compensated for my room charge. After the the manager looked at me as if I was completely talking to a brick wall I asked him to let me speak to his manager. They showed no sympathy at all to our situation  and actually looked at me and my friends as if we were lying! All I keep thinking is that what if we were actually in the room and whoever the suspect is definitely works for the hotel. Their were extra room keys left in our room by someone as if the suspect had made his rounds in the hotel. Security told us that where our room was their was absolutely no cameras. So If you have considered staying this hotel you may want to reconsiderThe hotel has a good location, but other than that, it doesn't have much going for it. The wifi is expensive, the room shows signs of wear and tear. There are scuffs all over the hallway and room walls. The wood furniture is all chipped up. The door handle is falling off the closet door. The room smells dirty and stale. The concierge lounge is not well tended and frequently out of food. Need I go on? All this for $200 a night. 
There are so many other hotels to stay at in the area. Choose one of them!Lucky for me, this lovely hotel had availability last night or I would've gotten a taste of life on the streets of Philly.  Due to a citywide convention, most rooms are all full up, and not only did they have a room for me, it was a giant room, and even DOWN FREE!!!  For someone with such ridiculous allergies, this was awesome, although they still gave me grief.  Thought that counts!  
It's about as bad as an Orlando resort though when it comes to how far you have to trek to get from one side to the other, or to the Convention Center, depending on where you're staying.  That said, it's still very convenient for convention goers (especially in the winter, when you won't even have to go outside to get there!).
Staff was friendly, and room service not bad, although I'm quite sure my half bottle of cheap red wine was well past its prime.  
They have a salon, a couple of shops/concessions, a Starbucks, a restaurant, and two fitness centers and a pool.  Great deal if you can get a good rate.DO NOT stay here.  Terrible service.  Check-in was at 4pm and was not given a room until 6pm.  Front desk gave us different stories of when room would be ready.My wife and I Pricelined a hotel for the Saturday of 4th of July weekend, and ended up with the Marriot Downtown for $75. The Marriott is considered a 4 star hotel by Priceline, and that is what I am giving them in this Yelp review. The hotel was extremely well located for our visit as we were doing an eating and drinking crawl mostly centered around 12th and Sansom. I found our room to be perfectly adequate with the only quibble being a little bit of peeling paint in the bathroom above the shower. The shower itself was in an outdated bathtub surrounded by really outdated tile. It was clear that most of the bathroom had been updated sometime in the past 10 years, but they just ignored the tub and tile. Oh well. My wife did tell me that the whole hotel is going to have a major uplift soon, so maybe they'll get that. 
The bed was extremely comfortable (the mattress was neither to soft nor too firm), but the sheets, oddly enough, seemed slightly too small for the king bed. The decor of the room was fitting for a 4 star, not too opulent and not too blah. I enjoyed it. Ice machines were well located to all rooms on our floor, which came in handy as we had brought a bottle of bubbly.  I think we walked by 3 of them?   All contact with hotel staff was polite and professional, and the common area of the hotel was clean. For the money I would easily stay here again.Everything about it is exceedingly average. The worst part is trying to find it through the airport maze and lack of signage. I expected a piece of cheese at the end. 
The grill attached is overpriced but the food is pretty good, the Rachel sandwich was tasty.
The rooms are bland and dated but the beds are comfortable. None if the usual standard amenities like a coffee maker, fridge etc. rooms are pretty small but I never really care about that. 
Reception desk is average, not slow but not fast so I had no real complaints. They did take my mariott rewards but have not seen it show yet so that may change my rating lol. 
Overall just bland and not exciting but useful for early flights.Meh, stay here if you need easy access to the convention center, conveniently connected by a sky bridge.
Otherwise, the walls are way too thin and the rooms are not memorable. 
Two stars because the location is great, but a little research will probably lead you to a better hotel choice.I've stayed here a few times and overall I'm quite happy. 
First time here, the internet didn't work. Then it worked, but at a snail's pace (I use Lotus Notes... if I'm on the road for work and I can't get online, I get grumpy). Because it was unusable, I paid the extra $10 or whatnot for premium service just to see if I could actually get my emails. It didn't help. I mentioned this at the desk in the morning, and they apologized and said they'd been having issues. I told them they didn't have to credit me back for the premium charge, but I'd appreciate it. When I got the bill, they hadn't (not a big deal, but if I was working there I would have taken it off). In subsequent stays, the internet has worked fine.
If you like small, quiet, boutique hotels - this is not your bag. It's busy, open, big, and boisterous. I like it, but I could see some people not enjoying the bustle when they check in. The rooms themselves are quiet, or at least the ones I've stayed in have been. 
The concierge lounge is big and has lots of seating but I have to say, it's my least favorite Marriott lounge that I've been too. It's a long narrow room and the ceilings are kind of low. The windows on the right just look out onto the rest of the hotel. I've come here in the evening to find they had nothing laid out, not even sodas and water (it seems like they just wrap everything up and shut down after the 5-7p food service sometimes). Also, they seem to end breakfast very early compared to other Marriotts.
Still, it's a nice hotel in a great location and the rates aren't that bad compared to what's in the area. 
Note - I've stayed at the Courtyard Marriott as well, which is a stone's throw away. I would not recommend staying there when this hotel is not much more and a significantly better experience.Ein sehr gut gelegenes Hotel! 
Es ist alles zu erreichen und von jedem gut erreichbar. Deshalb werden wohl auch oft Meetings von großen Firmen in dem großen Komplex abgehalten. Es sind manchmal unglaublich viele Menschen im und um das Gebäude. Das Personal ist sehr freundlich und versucht jeden Wunsch zu erfüllen. 
Die Zimmer sind schön, wenn auch etwas alt modisch, aber sauber!
Die schall Dämmung scheint nicht die beste zu sein, das liegt jedoch auch vll an dem Alter des ge Gebäudes. Typische Stadt Geräusche sind je nach Lage des Zimmers mehr oder weniger laut zu hören. Alles in allem ein Hotel was zu empfehlen ist.This was my first time in Philadelphia for my daughters volleyball tournament. We were very excited about staying in this hotel!! Especially since we can walk through the hotel to go to the tournament. Once we got to our room it was dirty. The bathroom was filthy!!! It looked as if it wasn't cleaned at all!  I went down stairs to talk to a manager and one couldn't be found. I waited for a very long time to have my room switch! Very disappointed with the Marriott location!Covered access to convention center doesn't quite make up for it.
Stayed here for a conference and have never been so disappointed with the facility.  Service was really good, rooms are actually nicely laid out, but the way it's constructed just doesn't work.  My first room had an issue with the plumbing - where there was a loud grinding noise whenever people in rooms above used water.  They switched me to another room that was near the building exhaust fans (let's call that white noise) with the bed backed up against the elevator shaft.  Shafted would be a word!
On to room 3.  Still near the restaurant exhaust and apparently downwind of some awful chemical in the hallway.  Tired of moving, and now I have a leaky toilet that keeps flushing itself at bedtime.  Grrrr...Let me start this review by stating that I am a platinum guest... every time I travel, I go out of my way to stay at a Marriott property.
I got a great deal directly on Marriott.com for the weekend... 
location is perfect... you are in close proximity to plenty...
Hotel is HUGE! Starbucks... restaurants... car rental desk...
Now to the negative,
I clearly posted my do not disturb sign on my door... on Monday, 1/16, the phone in my room is ringing at 10:30 am... the question that was asked "what time do I plan on checking out".... REALLY???
First of all, regular check out is noon... so why are you calling me... its 10:30 am.... 
So at 11:30 am, I decided to call downstairs and let the front desk know that I wanted to request a later check out.... as stated  previously... one benefit of being a platinum guest is later check out times if available. You can actually stay up until 4pm... again new benefit with the merger of Starwood properties. 
I requested a 2 pm check out....and was told this was perfectly fine.
As 2 pm started approaching, I decided that I needed a few more minutes so I picked up the phone and let them know I was running behind and it would be closer to 3.... again, I was told this was okay.
At 2:15 pm... the do not disturb sign was STILL on my door and there was a LOUD knock on my door... once again... it was housekeeping asking me what time I was checking out. 
Clearly... I don't feel like I was treated as a platinum guest... the do not disturb sign is meant for a CLEAR reason...  and don't call me early morning asking what time I plan on checking out....or knock on my door!!
Housekeeping needs to communicate and have a meeting to discuss...
Signed... one not happy Marriott rewards customer!Das Hotel ist ein riesen Komplex und meiner Meinung nach sehr unübersichtlich, das ist auch einer der Hauptgründe für den Sterneabzug.
Es kommt so eine Masse an Gästen dort an, dass man leider recht lange Wartezeiten an der Rezeption hat. Der Personal ist sehr bemüht, schafft aber einfach diese Menge von Leuten nicht so zügig. Mich persönlich nervt so etwas immer sehr. 
In der Lobby herrscht ein ziemlicher Geräuschpegel und eine große Unruhe. Um in die Zimmer zu kommen, mussten wir uns auf eine kleine Odyssee begeben. Sehr umständlich, schlecht ausgeschildert und verworren. Hasse es, wen ich mich in Labyrinth begeben muss, um mein Zimmer zu finden.
Am Zimmer selber gab es nichts auszusetzen. Es war für amerikanische Verhältnisse wirklich sehr groß, auch das Badezimmer. Wobei hier leider wieder nur die amerikanische Standardausstattung war. Eine Wann mit Duschvorhang. Eine Sache, die ich absolut hasse! Ich finde Duschvorhänge absolut unhygienisch, leider sind sie in amerikanischen Hotels Standard.
Zimmer und Bad war sehr sauber und geschmackvoll eingerichtet. Das Bett war sehr gut. Straßenlärm war leider sehr gut wahrnehmbar im Zimmer. 
Für mich ein absolutes No Go, war die Beschilderung im Notfall. Berufsbedingt sind wir darauf gedrillt, uns bei Ankunft immer die Fluchtwege einzuprägen. Dies war leider hier absolut unmöglich. Ich habe den Fluchtweg im Notfall nicht finden können. Was ich persönlich extrem gefährlich finde. Ich suche ihn ja, wenn kein Notfall ist, wenn ich da schon Probleme habe, wie sieht es dann in einem Notfall aus?! So etwas darf in einem Hotel nicht passieren. Sehr schlecht beschildert und ein Sicherheitsrisiko, gerade in einem so verschachtelten und unübersichtlichen Hotel. Habe mich dort nicht sicher gefühlt. 
Die Lage ist sehr zentral. Man kann alle Shoppingmöglichkeiten fußläufig erreichen und die Sehenswürdigkeiten auch zu Fuß erkunden. Die Stadt selber hat mir sehr gut gefallen. Sauber, freundlich und schön angelegt.Spent one night here and wow what a great place! it's huge! the entrance/lobby is gorgeous, they have a starbucks and nice mingle area with seats in the centere of the lobby.  check in was fast and easy and the room cards are so cool - no swiping, you just place it in front of the sensor!  
We had a room w/2 double beds.  The beds were really soft and the pillows were good too.  room temp was perfect and they havea  refrigerator, which i am always excited about!!  The TV is really nice too.  We didnt have a good view but it didnt matter as we were only spending the night.  it's in a great location - right by the reading terminal which i cannot wait to go back to  and also a great area for nightlife, althoguh walking home from our night out took too long in the cold.
The fitness center is AWESOME! not only do they have tons of weight machines, and tons of space to do floor work, but they have 6 treadmills, 4 ellipticals and 3 bikes - state of the art for a hotel.  i always appreciate great fitness centers and this is one of the best ones that i have ever been to at a hotel.  its a little hot but overall no complaints about this hotel!Nice hotel. Clean. Spacious. I loved my king bed and I spent mostly all my time wrapped up in the covers and all the pillows. Elevators require a room key card to access guest floors which I think made me feel a bit safer about the whole place. My one complaint would definitely be the water pressure. The sink had a slow flow, which was fine since all I needed it to do was wet a toothbrush. The showerhead was nice; however, with my long hair it took a while to rinse out my shampoo and conditioner given the low water flow. Oh, an the complimentary tolietries smell heavenly.
P.S. Marriott Rewards members get free wifi which was something I didn't know until I arrived and I was so pumped about it.Great hotel, great location, awesome staff, beautiful all around! The rooms are large and comfortable, and there are many awesome things to do, and places to go that are just a short walk away! Being right across the street from the Redding market is also a plus!On Monday December 30, 2013 I recently stayed at this hotel. The area was very nice despite their is no free WII, no complimentary breakfast for the guest. The hotel staff was spectacular especially Maureen & Latoya great customer service. Our toilet ran the entire night two night that we stayed their. Great location if you like shopping, great food.A really great hotel. It's connected to the Market East Train Station so you don't even have to go outside after you get off the train. Check in was quick and simple only took 2 minutes and they let us check in an hour early! (I think because it was NYE and lots of people were checking in). The guy that checked us in was very nice and friendly.  The room was nice and clean. The bathroom was very nice as well with plenty of towels.  The view wasn't too bad, lots of other tall buildings surround the hotel so you can't really see much. The location of this hotel is great too, everything in walking distance. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone planning on staying in the city. I'm actually thinking of staying here again in the near future.I had a wonderful stay at this hotel. I booked last minute through Priceline and got a great deal - I really wasn't expecting much considering how little I paid. The front desk clerk was very kind and checked me in very quickly. I was assigned a very nice room fairly high up with a great view. The room was well maintained and fairly spacious. The bathroom was a standard size and a little dated - But very clean. Room service was good and quick. The hotel is quite large and centrally located. I very much enjoyed my stay here and I will be sure to stay again the next time I visit Philly.We were here for a conference.
Pros: Fantastic location, very friendly and efficient check-in, being an elite member got us a free upgrade, the room was large and cleaned nicely every day, staff were friendly, and the room included a fridge, which was handy since we got some fresh food from the market that's next door. 
Cons: The bed - it was rock hard and VERY uncomfortable. You could also hear and feel the springs if you/the other person moved (it's a very thin and cheap-feeling mattress). A good sleep is important, and my husband and I did not sleep well at all. I can't remember the last time I slept on such a horrible mattress. 
The bathroom is very old. The sink/vanity is outside of a separate room containing the toilet and shower. It's a very small room, and my 6'1" husband felt like he was practically sitting on the toilet paper holder. The first night we kept waking up, so naturally we went to the bathroom. It was PITCH black and really difficult to tell where the sink/door/toilet were. I accidentally walked into the door at least once and then had to turn on the light which was unpleasant and woke my husband up. It was so annoying that before the second night we actually went to a nearby Walgreens (side note: this drugstore location is well worth the visit - it even has chandeliers on their 3rd floor... fancy) and bought a nightlight. The nightlight had to be plugged into the vanity area (no plug in the bathroom), so then it made it a bit bright for us to sleep since we couldn't find one with a motion sensor, but at least we didn't have to turn on the bathroom light when we repeatedly woke up from our crappy sleep. Sigh.
On the morning of our last day where our hotel agreed to do a 2 pm check-out, housekeeping was knocking on the door despite the do not disturb sign being displayed, and I had to open the door in my towel to explain. 
If this hotel would upgrade the beds and at least provide some sort of nightlight if they aren't willing to redo the bathrooms, I would rate it a LOT higher.This place could use a bit of updates.  In a few rooms, the carpets were popping up, I even tripped a few times it was that bad.  This place is like a maze and it took a little bit before I could figure out where I was going here.  The great part of this place is it's connected to the convention center and it's centrally located to downtown.  The market is right next door too!  The bad part is, it was probably state of the art nice maybe about 20 - 30 years ago.  Marriott, please show this grand location some love!As a Marriott Gold member I usually stay in Marriotts, and I've stayed in this one before. It's in a great location, especially if you're attending the convention center (I wasn't) but also if you want to explore downtown Philly. However, unlike prior stays, this time I was in the "Headhouse Tower", which is across the street and attached to the main hotel via a walkbridge. We were upgraded to a suite on the top floor, and the room was indeed very large. And though we were warned at check-in that the room had small windows, I wasn't prepared for a room with only two 1-foot diameter round "portholes", high up on the wall. So if you like a room with ample daylight and a nice view, stay away from the top floor of Headhouse Tower!  Also, the room was showing signs of wear and tear. 
Finally, if you have a car and use valet parking, give yourself plenty of time when asking for your car to be brought out. I was told it could be 15-20 minutes, but was actually almost 40 minutes.This is a fantastic hotel to stay at when visiting Philadelphia, PA. It is located right across the street from the Reading Terminal Market. Easy access to the best shops....Ralph Lauren, BCBG, Macy's, Century 21. The service here is second to none. The personnel are very accommodating, considerate and kind. Would definitely recommend this hotel to others.This is a review of the housekeeping and lost and found.  
Called the hotel ~36 hours after I realized I had forgotten my Macbook Air charger in my room. The lost and found said they had the item logged and housekeeping hadn't returned the item yet. I thought all hope was lost until I called the next day and the lost and found said they had the item and could ship it out.  Got the charger back in a day for a small shipping fee.  Overall, very pleased with housekeeping and lost and found.Not quite sure why there's so many bad reviews because I enjoyed my stay. Granted, I didn't pay for this with my own money since it was a business trip but still, I wouldn't have minded. 
I requested early check-in over the phone but when I got to the hotel at 9am, reception told me that no one was getting early check-in due to the influx of convention go-ers. No problem. I left my luggage with bell services and they called me about two hours later telling me my room was ready. 
I checked-in later on in the day due to being at the convention center all day and it was painless and quick. My room was a corner room so I had a nice view of the Reading Terminal Market. Perhaps because it was a corner room, I felt like it was bigger than standard hotel rooms. Bathroom was clean and pretty big. At least I wasn't sitting right next to the tub! 
I loved the Downtown because of its close proximity to everything. It's got a bridge to the convention center, which was great because it ended up snowing on one of the convention days. I didn't even need to go outside! it's also across the street from the Reading Terminal Market, so delicious food right there! 
The only reason why I'm docking one star is the wifi. It was atrocious. I would DC at least 2-3 times every hour. Perhaps it's because so many people were in the hotel for the multiple conventions (I think there were 3-4 on any given day while I was there).Now that the rennovation appears to have been complete, I suggest that those who downgraded this place revisit and revise.
I was here Sunday-Tuesday this week at a convention and must say that I was impressed with the location, atmosphere, and service of this place.   I'm gonna dock 1 star because the room service food wasn't that special given the cost of the food.  Yes, yes, I know that hotel food is supposed to be overpriced.  That's cool.
But come on, at least be good.  And it wasn't that great at all.  For those of you considering a convention, this is a great location for one.  There was also a convention of anesthesiologists: quite the creepy looking one's the anesthesiologists: people who have the power to steal your life and consciousness with the power to revive your life and consciousness.  I was incurably curious to see what a group of anesthesiologists talk about.
The Downtown Marriot is a great place to be at in Philly.  The Old Town where the constitution was written, where Ben Franklin is Buried, and where the Liberty bell is are a short 15 minute walk.
There's chinatown three blocks away; and there's the lovely city hall.  I enjoyed my stay in Philadelphia and look forward to the next convention that I'll go to that is here.
The hotel rooms are clean.  There's a gym and pool which I didn't have time to check out but all in all, a warm and comfortable place.
The beds: verrrrry comfy.Staff friendly, professional & efficient. Everything I observed in the building was neat and super-clean, especially the room we had. Our 22nd-floor room also had a great view of the city.***Below is an abbreviated copy of the email that I sent to Marriott corporate, which was then forwarded to the Philadelphia hotel's 'Executive Office' where our case was resolved for 1 additional free night for 1 room. This was another disappointment to us because of the BLATANT security and privacy issues that I described (below) and complete disregard for the customer experience during our stay. Our whole team believes the entire stay of 6 rooms for 4 nights should have been completely compensated. They disagreed. What do you all think?***
To Whom It May Concern:
My 24 teammates and I just had the worst experience at a hotel we could possibly imagine. From April 8-12, our college gymnastics team stayed at the Marriott for a competition. No one could have predicted or expected the amount of problems we were about to experience. Since I do not like to let one bad experience ruin something for me, I have decided to reach out to the corporate office to give Marriott International a second chance.
Our first travel issue was not related to the hotel. Our connecting flight from Denver, CO to Philadelphia was delayed for 4 hours due to weather and changed our ETA from 11:30pm April 8 to 4am April 9. We immediately called the Marriott hotel and explained our situation; they assured us that everything would be fine and we could check in once we arrived. By the time we landed, deplaned, and got a shuttle to the hotel, it was 5am. Our team was ready to go straight to our rooms because our girls team had their prelims competition starting at 8am that same day and our guys team had to support them until our prelims started at 12:30pm.
When we got to the front desk and tried checking in, none of our six rooms were available for our 24-person team. We were told that they were under maintenance and the staff worked on getting us temporary rooms that we could stay in for the next few hours. The front desk comped all of our rooms for the first night because of this, and eventually we had our keys to the temporary rooms that had to be vacant by noon. We gave them the phone number to our travel coordinator and made it very clear to use that number to contact our team about any issues or resolutions that they needed to communicate with us.
Later that morning, the girls team was checked out and competing. Soon, all of the rooms were ready and our members began moving bags to the new rooms. Not even an hour after switching rooms however, were we told that half of the new rooms were not correct and we needed to switch rooms again. Finally, all of our belongings were moved to their correct rooms. Never got a call for any of this.
While our guys team was competing at the convention center down the street and the girls team was cheering us on, there was an issue with a credit card not transferring over to the new rooms. The front desk only attempted to contact us by calling these empty rooms and leaving voicemails. Again, they neglected to call our travel coordinator and...deactivated our room cards.
When we got back to the front desk, confused why our keys stopped working, we resolved the credit card issue...but the room keys continued to stop working for just about each room at least 2 more times that night. This is still Thursday, the same day we arrived.
Later that evening, the door to one of the girls' rooms is activated and opens. A random man enters and confusingly demands to know why they are in his room. The girls, completely surprised and taken aback as some were changing, ask him the same. Eventually he leaves. Apparently, the front desk allowed that room to be checked out by somebody else even though it was occupied. The front desk staff robotically apologized and offered a $200 voucher for the hotel restaurant.
Friday, there was another credit card issue...Our travel coordinator never got a call from the front desk...We Finally were able to get ahold of a manager and he...assured us that there wouldn't be any more issues at the hotel.
On Saturday evening, all of the room keys to just my hotel room stopped working again. We went back to the front desk to get all of our rooms comped for the entire stay because of how frustrating, inconvenient, and ridiculous all of these issues were. The same manager said that the best he could do was comp our one room for that one night only.
Our entire team left that hotel having been through the worst travel experience of our lives. The fact that there were as many issues as there were (especially safety concerns of checking out a room twice) ...staff...managers...indifferent to our situation made everything worse. Our team is comprised of friendly, respectful, hospitable people, and we give and expect that from businesses and other people whenever we travel. This is my first attempt at contacting Marriott International, Inc. to allow them the opportunity to show its customers the hospitality that they expected.
Thank you for your time, I look forward to your response.This hotel has a beautiful and huge lobby area. In my opinion, it makes the whole place seem much fancier than it is. My room wasn't anything special and beyond the lobby, it felt just like any other hotel.
The location is perfect - so close to restaurants and everything downtown. The restaurant in the lobby is decent too and there's a Starbucks as well. There's also a concierge lounge for those who have status.
Unfortunately, the biggest downside of my stay was the internet. It was just terrible for me - both wired and wireless connections. I actually gave up in my room and just went to Starbucks to have a steady connection.
I have to say, I'm a bigger fan of the Courtyard right next door.I didn't stay here as a guest, but I had to come here for a conference. The conference space was very clean and impressive.
I do want to give a special shout-out to a staff member (who works on the facilities team? conferences team?) named Clayton. I needed to take a quick, 30-minute private call in a quiet space. I asked him for a suggestion of a more quiet hallway, since the place was generally pretty busy with the conference. Clayton went above and beyond to find me my very own conference room to use! Totally unexpected, but so so appreciated! He even came and checked on me before my call to make sure nobody had bothered me. 
After my call I went to the front desk to give Clayton a shout-out, but I'm not confident the front desk staff member will actually pass on my kudos to Clayton's boss. I hope that his boss knows what an asset Clayton is and how he really made my day!Not the most fabulous hotel I've ever been in, but it was close to the convention center and in the center of the city. Walking distance to everything I wanted to see here too! No free wifi, but that's easy to write off as a business expense. 12.95 a day for that. Starbucks in the Lobby, reading terminal market across the street, it's good.Modernt hotell i ett nästan 100 år gammalt hus. Läget är perfekt med gångavstånd till konferenscenter och de flesta sevärdheter liksom bra shopping nära till hands. Trevlig personal. Träffade managern i hissen som gav bra tips om matställen inom 2 kvarter. Frukost ingår inte. Inte testat att äta på hotellet heller.It was a great place to stay for the Philly Marathon. The location was very convenient. It was not located too far away from the start/finish line. If you take the train in from the airport, you can get to the hotel without stepping one foot outside. It is connected to the Jefferson (Market East) Station via a bridge.
The room that I was given was clean. The towels were clean. The bed was clean. The carpet was clean. Definitely no problem with the cleanliness of the room.
There were plenty of dining choices with many nearby restaurants in the vicinity of the hotel. You can even walk over to the Reading Terminal Market to grab a bite to eat.
The people working at the front desk were all super nice and friendly. I was checking in a bit early and he was still able to get me into a room. It was obvious that there were conferences taking place besides it being marathon weekend so their entire staff were really busy. I had to wait about 2 elevators before I got in one to get up to my room. 
So overall, it was a great place to stay for a quick weekend marathon trip. I even got a high 5 from one of them as I return from my marathon and was on my way up to my room.The hotel was clean and as expected. Perfect location since you're surrounded with everything from restaurants, cafes, and of course the famous Reading Market which is right across the street. 
Convenient if you're interested in sightseeing and tours. The tour stand right outside the hotel as well bikes for rent since hotel is not too far from the historical sights such as the Basilica of St. Peter and St. Paul as well Logan Square. The famous City Hall is only a couple blocks. Hard Rock Cafe is right in front of the hotel. 
The downfall is it's noisy since it's a very busy hotel; but the fitness center is fully equipped and the hotel has Starbucks located in lobby. 
If I had to come again, I will definitely stay in this Marriott location all over again and highly recommend it to visitors that want every thing on their finger tips.Very disappointed on this hotel...."MARRIOTT"
1. The biggest disappointment was the pool....so far.
The pool liner is all ripped out of the interior  walls of the pool
The water was way over chlorinated and no rules...
People jumping with their full body clothes.....in one word disgusting....oh and only reason why I went in is because of my son...when I step at the bottom of it I can feel the slime.....horrible I came right out.....
2. So I knew before me arriving that there was a renovated part and an old part of the hotel.
So I booked on the new part....well when I got to my floor I thought I was at the old part of the hotel....so I went on the other and I was shocked it was even worse than the side I was booked....another disappointment....cheaply renovated...Stayed here on 11/10/12.
Found someone's dirty underwear next to bed.  Asked for room change or bed to be stripped - hotel couldnt manage either.  Toilet seat falling off toilet, banging noise outside window most of night..
Recommend you stay elsewhere.Lock up your valuables and be aware of the security staff. We had booked 4 rooms for our trade convention. One of our employees had her tablet and charger stolen and the drawer with her under garments riffled and disturbed. We told management on Sunday. It's now Thursday and finally, after many attempts to talk to the manager we stopped him in the lobby and he tried to move on but we insisted he hear our tale. The head of security lied to our employee, discouraged her from calling police ( which she did call) and lied about handling the entire episode. The manager, Mr. Robert Allen, tried to tell us the same line - door left ajar. This is not possible with these doors - which the police confirmed. The key system tells who entered each room at what time. All employees have unique keys. Management won't give us records of who entered her room while we were at a seminar - but they admit the room showed door activity during the seminar. Head of security and hotel manager tried to blame our employee/guest. There is no attempt to find who was in the room, must have used a pass key - and plenty of talk trying to blame the hotel guest.
So, if you stay here, lock up all your belongings and expect sub-par service from upper management. The bright spots of our stay were our wonderful housekeeper and a very nice bellman.
Security is very questionable to the point of leaving us wondering if there is a coverup of a thief ring going on. Lock anything of value in the safe - and know security has access to you room and your safe at any time. The un- named man at the front desk said he personally put a chair in front of the room door when he's at hotels after what he's seen at this hotel. Guest beware. Marriott- shame on you, as this manager brags that he's been here for years, as has his top security person.The Marriot is a must for convention goers. There is valet parking only, no self parking. the lobby is pretty nice. You have a souvenir store on the left, foreign currency exchange, atm easy accesible. Nice lounge right in the middle, a restaurant called the 13. Car rental, Fed Ex, and a Starbucks behind the hotel on Market Street side. The rooms are clean, a television with a separate external video input with cables tucked in a drawer, a tub bathroom wtih alot of towels and a hair dryer. Wi-Fi is not free unless included. There is a easy access to the convention center through an enclosed bridge through the 3rd floor but just a bit of a hike if your room is on the 13th street side, but it beats going down and walking through the heat, waiting at the crosswalks. The only problem that occurred during my trip was that my wife and I purchased a silver mug and when housekeeping came in to clean, they removed the cup , assuming the cup was part of the hotel. However, Raisa from management came to our room and was able to find it the next day. To make our day better, we were comp for our trouble and had a nice breakfast. Overall I would stay here again.Das Marriott Philadelphia Downtown liegt im Herzen der Stadt in direkter Lauf nähe zur City Hall und zu den Sehenswürdigkeiten und Einkaufsmöglichkeiten.
 Der Hotelkomplex umfasst über 1300 Zimmer und Suiten in zwei Häusern. Somit hat man das Gefühl, man steht an einem Flughafen als in einem Hotel. Ca. 6 bis 8 Empfangsmitarbeiter checken ständig Hotelgäste ein und aus. Wenn man es mal geschafft hat, einen Zimmerschlüssel zu bekommen, geht die Suche nach dem richtigen Aufzug los. Man muss wirklich gut zuhören, ob man im Hauptgebäude oder im luxuriöseren Annex untergebracht ist.
 Die Zimmer allgemein sind sehr schön und teilweise neu renoviert. Der Stil ist mir persönlich einfach zu altbacken. Blümchentapete, Kronleuchter, schwere Vorhängeaber absolut in Ordnung.
 Im Hotel selber gibt es einige Restaurants. Das große Frühstücksrestaurant befindet sich im Lobby Level und bietet jeden Morgen ein großes Frühstücksbuffet für 19 US-Dollar an. Der Service war nett und das Speiseangebot absolut lecker und ausreichend. Von Kollegen habe ich gehört, dass es Abends leider wohl nicht so ist!
 Ebenfalls gibt es direkt daneben einen großen Starbucks um ein schnelles Frühstück einzunehmen.
 Zur Entspannung gibt es einen großen Pool und mehrere Fitness-Center im Hotel.
 Das Hotel ist perfekt für Geschäftsreisende sowie für einen privaten Aufenthalt. Durch die perfekte Innenstadtlage ist es ein prima Hotel. Lediglich die Größe ist wirklich manchmal stressig. So musste ich 40 Minuten warten, bis mir ein Modemkabel aufs Zimmer gebracht worden ist.So, so disappointed. No microwave in entire hotel-- couldn't even do microwave popcorn. Mini frig with no freezer. Internet trouble causing me to spend a half hour on the phone. Horrible TV /remote -- was hard to get to the channel you wanted cause remote was terrible. Very frustrating. Pool was so cold. No coffee in lobby. No breakfast included. Expensive restaurant!!! Total bill for a hamburger was $20 (no beverage). It is rated four stars but I have been in many three star hotels that offer so much more! Does have a beautiful lobby and clean room but it ends there.I have stayed here a couple times, and have mostly had a great experience. The actual hotel administration and staff are helpful, accommodating, and have more than earned my respect. However, a recent experience at the hotel bar, 'Circ', has left me a bit...peeved.
To frame the narrative, I was there one night during a convention. The lobby was bustling, and the alcohol was flowing. I was just starting my night, and had ordered a single beer from a nice bartender. Going for my next round, I positioned myself at the opposite, less crowded side of the bar. I proceeded to stand there quietly, accordingly waiting to be served.
I knew things were busy, but I noticed that the bartender in that area kept passing over me, not acknowledging my existence at all. After a while I got the feeling it wasn't just because the place was busy; I was deliberately being ignored. I remained fast, and the internal timer was reaching almost half an hour. It sounds ridiculous that someone would wait that long, but I'm a person of principle. Eventually an older woman came up next to me, and when she was propositioned, she asked for a glass of wine, but then was nice enough to tell him that I had been waiting longer and should be served first. The bartender paused, then leaned in to me and snarked "Just so you know, this is what happens when you don't take care of your bartenders." 
It caught me completely off guard. All I could reply with was "...huh?" and then he turned away to pour the woman's glass of wine. I sort of stood there, dumbfounded. Another younger woman at my other side looked at me with an "Is he serious?" face, and I mimicked it back.
Now, I completely understand how tipped employment works, and have a lot of empathy for the strenuous work it entails. I am NOT Mr. Pink, and normally leave a very generous tip after being served. In regards to bar settings, I will usually start to tip on the second beer, or if I firstly order a mixed drink that requires preparation, or order multiple drinks at once. But..I hadn't even been served by this man yet. I'm not some snooty, pretentious partier. I wasn't asking for him to move heaven and earth...only for him to crack open a single bottle of beer. 
Logically, I can only figure a couple scenarios: One, my first bartender was upset that I didn't tip, and then colluded with this other one. I find that to be unlikely, because he didn't seem at all upset with me and was very amicable. Two, the bartender in question profiled that I had exact change in my hand, and assumed that I wasn't going to tip him. I did have exact change, because why would I break a large bill when I have the exact amount? I don't hand over the tip until I've been served, where I'll go back into my wallet and leave it on the bar. I had plenty of money to be spent at the bar that night, both for drinks and tips. In fact, I entirely planned on "taking care" of him for the (unrealized) sale. It seems like whatever chip on his shoulder this guy had, he lost out on a lot of money both for himself AND the business who employs him. This complaint is less about tipping protocol...more the passive-aggressive, condescending manner that he treated a paying customer. Unfortunately, a bad employee reflects upon the establishment.
I turned around and walked straight out of the lobby, gave the money I would have spent to the homeless man sleeping on the sidewalk outside the hotel, and went to drink at a real bar.
So, if you want to stay at the Marriott Downtown Philadelphia, it's a great hotel. Just avoid the bar like the plague, go somewhere that's worth the money.
And to the mid-life-crisis bartender with the tacky gold pinky ring, p*** off, mate.I booked my hotel here through groupon and had a fabulous time. The location is prime, right near all the bars and reading terminal. The service was wonderful and our room was clean and nice! I definitely will be here againRoom 881 - This review is solely based on this room at the hotel. If you're in this room immediately ask for another room. There is an exhaust fan on the roof right outside the unit (see photo for reference) that is running 24/7 and sounds like a subway train is passing. If you want any kind of sleep you won't be getting it in this room.I went to the Marriott to attend an AP conference 10-14 through 10-16.  Being one of the vendors, it is usually hell trying to get all my gear in and out of the hotel and I am younger so I haven't quite nailed it down yet.  From the first moment I walked in (to the last moment I walked out of the hotel) I was greeted by the warmest smiling, SUPER HELPFUL bellman I've ever encountered in the 50000 hotels I've stayed in before. (PS I never write a review but I made sure to get this fellows name on the last day so I could).  IRA MURRAY BELLMAN AT PHILLY MARRIOTT DOWNTOWN YOU MADE MY TRIP SO MUCH BETTER!!!!!  And I also asked for his bosses name, so GM Robert Allen here's a shout-out to hiring the kindness, most efficient guy in Philly.  (I've been to the city twice so I think I can say that now).  He took my loads of crap in two seconds and brought it to me.  When i said "Yah I have fifty bags with you but I want the greenish, or maybe navy bag...there's no tag...yeah, I need that bag in an hour and the rest later" I didn't have to explain myself twice. He managed to figure out what the hell I was talking about and not only that, but he did it.  He was so helpful and so hard working I don't think I saw the man sit.  I was running around the lobby trying to get a car for 9 brokers to a last minute dinner I had no idea where the restaurant was, who was right by my side?! Ira. Helping me every step.  When I thought I had time to catch my Amtrak train back to NYC and stop by the famous market across the street, Ira held me back and said I wouldn't have time.  Sure enough, I JUST made my train back home.  The rest of the hotel was great, check in was long, but they did have two conferences.  Overall hotel was really nice, especially for a conference, it worked out really well for the hundreds of us there and for all the different events going on simultaneously. So anyway, Ira because of you I promise every Philly business or personal trip I make to Philly, I'll stay at your Marriott.  I'm tempted to go to the Ritz because I did enjoy there food and the building is amazing, but because of you Ira, I'm a customer for life.  Good job Robert Allen for hiring such a gem and Ira if you ever get laid off throw me a shout out.  You'd be a great financial adviser. Thanks again for all your hard work.Beautiful hotel. We enjoyed our stay. The front desk personnel were helpful, answering any questions we had. Really appreciated the bell hops-they were great help getting a taxi asap. The room was decent, a bit dated. Would definitely stay here again!Location, location, location.
Expect to pay top dollar for this hotel designed for business people, rich tourists, and conventioneers.
It's a nice place to stay and for $10 extra, you might be able to swing high-speed internet and breakfast in their restaurant, Thirteen, which includes anything on the menu or from the buffet.
Onsite parking isn't cheap either and the ATM in the lobby charges a mighty $3.25 fee.
You're in a prime spot downtown in a city in the Northeast, just blocks away from major attractions and right near the subway.  So if you're looking for convenience, this is the place to be.Had stayed at the hotel for 5 nights and 6 days.l for business.  Check in was easy arrived on Monday at 2:34pm and my room was already available. They had special too
 Keys made for our conference so that was a nice touch.  Note.. Hotel is huge, You may find your room on the other side so be sure to read the number signs..  they do have two different wings and each side has an elevator... I had requested a high floor and away from the elevators and my requests were granted. If you want quietness request for a higher floor. I stayed on the 18th floor.  You will need your room to access floors 6 and up.  The front desk forgot to tell me that but other patrons were kind The room itself was nice. Ample space for rooms with one beds and those with double as I saw some my colleagues rooms.  
Bathroom was ok, felt at times the toilet wouldn't flush but saw that issue even on the public bathrooms on floors 4 & 5. 
I saw the bonus points promo for elite members to pass on housekeeping on 2 or more nights so I called the front desk to add my room to the promo program and they confirmed room service is scheduled for Thursday am. Front desk was helpful. 
Since I was here on business, I was able to use the 4th floor otherwise known as Franklin Hall & Ballrooms FGH. This hotel accommodates huge conferences and I definitely recommend this facility for business uses.  The have plenty of room for a huge party or conference. Kudos to the staff for making it work back to back as there was another conference going on right before mine started.  
Fitness center is located on 1st floor and be sure to look for the flight of stairs located behind the lobby bar. You will need your room key for access. It was nice and clean. 
The hotel bar is nice as it is the center of the lobby just about. Loved how they had a Starbucks onsite.  If you are into the hop on hop off busses this is one of the stops! We did the night tour booked with the hotel  concierge that cost $30 and saved $2.00 for a total of $28.00 was fun! 
The best part of this hotel is the location! You are within walking distance to center city, Chinatown, convention center and reading terminal! Reading terminal is one of best places to visit in Philly especially if you are a foodie! Uber rides from south Philly runs you around $6.00 on average. Everywhere else I walked.  
So the only issue I had was my room was not made on the day I was told and had to request room service through the front desk at 3:30pm. So much for trying to earn more points, but by the time my seminar was done, it was clean. 
If you are visiting the city this is a great hotel for its location! 
Note I believe valet parking is $43-$52 if you want to save a few bucks park at the parking garage right across on 12th & Filbert St.This huge Marriott (one of the 50 largest hotels in the world) was a great stay for a long 5-day weekend in Philly and they treated us great as elites. We had a huge King Suite and nice breakfasts and snacks in the Concierge Lounge. Service was always great. We were missing a hair dryer, but they brought one fairly quickly. The hotel is over 1400 rooms, but has some of the most efficient elevators (10 of them!) we've ever seen. We never waited more than 3 seconds. Extremely well located and Uber is really cheap in Philly.5 stars for location.  I stay in a LOT of Marriott's, this is very average.  The bathrooms need a major update...let's get rid of the cramped tub shower combos and make a roomy shower.  Rooms are clean and the staff are super friendly.
Major negatives....room price increased by $150 for the Saturday night and the valet charge was $44 per day !!!!
Don't drink at the bar, a bottle of wine that you can purchase at the grocery for $19 was priced at $68.  Walk across the street to the wine store instead.
Won't return, not worth the money.We stayed there for the weekend and as Gold Marriott members we were treated wonderfully. Check in was hassle free and our service dogs were treated with the utmost respect. The only drawback we thought was that they put us in a wing of the hotel that is only accessible via a sky bridge over the street and into a section of Reading Station. At first we thought this was a big inconvenience, but after we settled in the room was much more spacious ( more like a suite), and nice and quiet. We ordered breakfast from room service one morning and if was delivered punctual, hot, and delicious. We can't wait to go back again.I was a decent Marriott. Right close to other restaurants, so that is nice. However, just FYI the main bar area I think they prefer only gay males to hang out there. Not sure if there was an event or something, but it was all gay males in the bar area and the bartender basically ignored us. It was weird. It was also like that in the restaurant bar. Anyhow, the desk staff was nice and the room was clean. So nothing to complain about really.Location Location Location is key in Center City Philadelphia!  I stayed here this past Saturday and had a wonderful experience.  The Marriott mobile app updated me the day before with check-in information.  I requested 12 PM in which the app confirmed my room was available at 11:30 AM.  They beat my request and I was able to get in there before the normal time of 4 PM.  I was extremely happy because my kids were wide awake and quite excited to be at the hotel.  I took them swimming in the nice size pool which they loved.  Water was slightly cooler than other pools but it was tolerable and really not a big deal.  Staff was very nice on picking up my room keys at the Gold Elite line.  They put me on the 23rd floor where the concierge lounge is located.  Free breakfast was included with my Gold status which was buffet style.  The views from the 23rd floor are of city hall.  This hotel is central to just about everything you want to do in Philadelphia.  Plenty of bars and restaurants are nearby in center city.  Independence Hall is a 10-15 minute walk.  Other areas like Old City, South Street and Rittenhouse are within 15-20 minutes walking.  The subway is also nearby which will take you to the stadiums or college campuses.  This is by far the best area to stay in and it is affordable.  Highly recommended!!20th floor ADA room:
- shower tiles filthy, esp. at the bottom: pink mold in all the grouts
- no shower pressure. Literally. We took the shower head off, and still it took close to 20 minutes to take shower!Loved:
The location. It's right next to the reading market and terminal.
The room. Rooms are very spacious and have very comfortable beds. 
Disliked:
The parking. The only thing that kept me from a 5 star rating was that I was told there was free parking when I booked. They do have valet parking, which is good, but very busy, so make sure you give yourself time because sometimes it can take 15/20 minutes to get your car. It is 50$/ day, which we didn't find out until we got there. Coming from a small town we weren't used to city proved parking. 
Overall, even with the extra 50$/day, this hotel is worth it. We had a great timeBe aware of bedbugs at the hotel the coustermer service at the hotel dramatically changed after we informed the hotel of the bedbugs we found. 
They did not want to move our rooms and did not want to reinverse us for our nights stay the hotel staff seemed as they may have known about the bedbugs as it didn't seem to bother any of them at all. 
The lady at the claims department was very rude (Diane Bailey) 
Please do not stay at this hotelStayed there with some friends over the weekend to attend a sporting event. We got to the room and there were no linens for the sofa bed. We called housekeeping and they brought the linens, over an hour later. When they arrived they were dirty, so we call again. Lady told us that there were no more pillows since the hotel was sold out. Wait another 30 minutes. Finally had to go down to the front desk, get new linens and magic there were pillows. Next day we went to get breakfast, the executive lounge was supposed to be open until 11am, at 10:40 it was all taken down and cleaned up. Manager Anjuli took care of us and hooked us up with breakfast at the restaurant. Hotel was run down, not your typical Mariott, not the Mariott experience those of expect when paying $239 a night.One of the worst Marriott branded locations I have stayed at (and I have stayed almost 1000 nights in Marriott hotels over the years).
The rooms are small, over priced, not clean, and not everything works.
Two of the outlets didn't work, the heat didn't set well (did not adjust), and the walls are too thin (can hear everything in the hallways).
I suggest going to the Courtyard on the next block.Gorgeous hotel! I went for a weekend and decided to stay downtown, the directions the hotel gave were confusing as the valet parking is on the other side of the hotel (not  Market St). Check in was smooth and they took us before their 4pm recommended check in. Room was clean and to our standard (double beds). 
Female concierge was useless, she was on her computer as she spoke to us as if disinterested and told us to use Google Maps to find out where a university was as she didn't know. Older male concierge was so much more helpful and knowledgeable about the city.
Close to convention center (don't even have to leave the building, on the 3rd floor there is a bridge connecting them) and Reading Terminal Market. Security in the hotel was great, love that they need a key to hit buttons on the elevator as well as side doors as main floor of the hotel is relatively public. Didn't need to wait too long for an elevator either.
They do charge for WiFi unless you're a Marriot Rewards member but the Starbucks in the lobby has free WiFiDon't stay here - sketchy billing with hidden fees and the car valet service is a joke. Takes 30 minutes to an hour to get your car and you pay $58 dollars a day for parking. The hotel claims they're a separate company but the valet represents the Marriott. Tried contacting the head of Valet, Don, and he's "super busy" all the time. Nice customer service. Save yourself the headache, the hidden fees, and wasting an hour picking up your car and stay somewhere else. Place is supposed to be in the customer service business and they do just the opposite.Great location for the purpose of my stay.  I attended a wedding back in June so I didn't really get to explore the hotel or its area but I find it extremely ridiculous that I've called and emailed several times for my folio and have yet to receive it.  It's now August - how many more times do I have to contact them?  I heard and read they have a great and professional staff but I didn't think it was that hard to email a folio...Its in a great location with restaurants, coffee shops, and sites within walking distances. The room was clean and the elevators worked. On the downside...The valet wasn't very responsive, noise came into the room from other rooms and hallways, and compared to other Marriotts I've stayed in, this place seemed outdated. If you get access to the concierge lounge you won't be that impress with service.  The food in the concierge came out late, not well stocked, and lacked variety. You'll also find that it's not 24hrs. I can see that this is a very popular location among elite status holders so be prepared to fight for the concierge lounge. Overall, even though there are some negatives, because of the location, I can see how it would be worth it to me to work around those negativesThe hotel lobby was nice, but they pump in that perfume that is not to everybody's liking. The rooms are small, but clean. We had to change rooms because the first one was musty. Staff was friendly and accommodating. It is well located across from Reading Terminal and the convention center.I recently attended an international scientific conference in downtown philly and this hotel happens to be the primary hotel tied and booked through the conference. I should say this is the worst hotel I have ever experienced for the price I pay.
Location wise, this hotel is golden. It is close to shopping malls, pharmacy, reading terminal market, and attached to the convention center.
First of all, my roommate and I developed hives the first night through the last night of staying there. We both recovered as soon as we parted for home to different states. The room is definitely not clean at all and the bathroom smelt of mildew.
Second of all, my roommate is a Marriott member, and we got charged wifi for $12/ day. We had to appeal for that. 
Last but not least, my roommate specifically told the front desk to charge her credit card. And she wanted to make sure so she double checked and triple checked with them before she checked out. But they still ended charging my credit card. We had to call the customer service center today to fix that issue, their professionalism definitely does not meet its standards. We are still awaiting for them to resolve this issue.
I am definitely going to stay in Home-2 Suit next door owned by Hilton the next time I come to Philly. I checked that place out since my colleagues stayed there. Definitely 5-star and cheaper. Very clean and professional.Friendly staff all around from check-in to housekeeping and club room.  If possible, select a room in the Headhouse Tower (part of the old Reading Terminal).  The rooms are bigger and it is more convenient to the convention center and grand ballroom in the terminal.
Thumbs up for:  location, service, cleanliness, price.Loved it here! Clean, spacious rooms, accommodating staff, central to everything worth seeing within walking distance. I was even able to get my morning Dunkin Donuts  and trip to Reading Market without even barely walking outside! Kids loved the pool. I'm really happy we chose to stay here. We will be backOverrated hotel which does not compete with Kimpton hotels.  For the price you're better off staying somewhere else.  They charge for internet too.  It's 2017 Marriott, cmon.I just need to know who decided it was a good idea to set this hotel up the way that it is. I hate hotels with multiple towers. Why can't we just take an elevator and be on the floor we need to be on??
When I stayed here, my room number was 88xx. I came to Philly on a redeye from San Francisco so I was a little tired and I'm to blame for not really paying attention to what the man at the front desk told me when he was telling me how to get to my room. I thought I had heard him correctly and ended up on the 8th floor at the room that my key said. My key didn't work and then I had figured out I was in the wrong tower. To get to my tower, I had to go up an escalator, take the elevator to the 2nd or 3rd floor and then walk across a skybridge, AND THEN take the elevator to the 8th floor where all the rooms were 88xx and not just 8xx. I mean, is it just me or is that a little ridiculous? It's not that I'm lazy, I just feel that when I'm going to a hotel, I just want to get to my room.
The hotel rooms (in my tower at least) were pretty nice, even though outdated. They were really roomy! The bathroom was pretty big too. The ceilings are extremely high, which was kind of an issue for opening and closing my curtains. I looked all around and didn't see anything to open or close the curtains. I had to pull them open myself and then later when I tried to close them, they were stuck. My view wasn't great, it was another building. I will say that the room was clean, I appreciated that!
The location is pretty nice. Right across the street from the Reading Terminal and lots of other places to eat. Also right across the street from a 7/11. At the entrance of the hotel, there is a place with bikes you can rent and there are also little trolley tours you can take around Philly.First of all I want to thank Priceline for giving me a great rate a hotel in the middle of everything.  I thought the location was excellent.  The room was clean and just what a guest needs a bed a shower and cleanliness.  Great location and friendly staff when I asked questions.  I would def. stay here again; (if priceline allows)!I stayed here 4 nights for a conference which overlapped with the Philadelphia marathon. What can I say, this is basic "nice" hotel, with as reliable fare as you can get. Only 1.5 miles away from 30th street station and centrally located, it's one of the better options when visiting for business. It is very clean (in fact, smells a little too strongly of some orange industrial cleaner) the staff are professional. The rooms are nothing special--definitely better for conferences than special events like weddings-- but are well-maintained. Because of the size of this hotel it feels a little impersonal and corporate (shoeshining is available!)--there are a few places to eat inside, 2 bars, and a Starbucks (which *always* has a line wrapping around the hotel--think they should add another!) There is also a nice fitness center on the 2nd floor with treadmills, bikes, ellipticals and limited weight training equipment. 
The "special" conference rate was $230 a night with tax for their standard room, and that was one of the cheapest deals around because of the influx of people for the marathon. Even budget hotels were $300+. So no complaints there. I thought they could have done a better job for hosting the marathoners that weekend--there was nothing marathon-specific in sight. At one point I had stayed at a Philly Best Western for the marathon and they provided coffee for the marathoners in the morning and had "welcome to Philly marathon weekend"--just a little something extra to show they are involved with their guests.Beautiful hotel in a great location. Staff is nice and rooms were fabulous. Only issue was w this guy by the elevators in a red coat (bellman maybe?). Hotel is confusing if you don't stay there often and not only is a trek to your room but the elevator won't start unless you turn around and put your key against the sensor.
I was already tired and he comes onto the elevator after it wasn't moving for a while making some smart comment about me not doing it right. Then when I got out, he asked if I had a long day. Wasn't funny or professional. Stopped me from giving five stars.1 star: Exemplary service.
2 stars: Central location and near Reading Terminal for breakfast.
3 stars: Dangerously comfortable bed.
4 stars: 24hr gym with free earphones to plug in to personal audio and "help yourself to all you want" bottles of water you can put in your bag and forget about them then have them confiscated at the airport then chug them all down in front of the security guard as a passive aggressive form of protest to a ridiculous policy that just makes me spend more money on water inside the terminal.Location, location. It is right next to the Reading Market and major restaurants. The room was clean and the bed was very comfortable. Their toiletries are good quality. I had a very good night sleep and will come back in the future.I stayed here for a conference this past February.  The conference was in the hotel, so I got a taste of their conference hosting and their lodging.
So, I almost gave this hotel 3 stars, because I diligently called twice before my arrival (once 2 weeks before, and once three days before as they requested) to request joining rooms.  We did not get joining rooms.  Fail.  Aside from that, my stay here was pleasant.
We were lucky and got the top floor, corner room, which had a GLORIOUS view!  I don't know how we were so lucky with that.  The beds were comfortable, the shower was great, the bathroom was moderately sized, and the housecleaners were friendly and thorough.  Almost $200/night for a two bed room, which is of course pricey, but I guess it was worth the splurge (for the convenience factor ONLY - if I didn't have a conference in this hotel, I wouldn't have stayed here).
I was very pleased with the conference staff, about 80% of the time.  I presented a couple of times, and they were very diligent about checking in with the presenters to make sure we had everything set-up properly.  However, towards the end of the four day conference, the rooms were getting quite messy (i.e., trashcans overflowing), which was pretty unpleasant.
The location of this hotel is great, with restaurants easily walking distance.  I love how both the market and restaurants were easily accessible, making it easy to have cheaper lunch options, and nicer dinner options.
The parking rates here are RIDICULOUS though.  I can't remember the exact amount, so I'm not going to mention it.  I didn't drive here, but a friend did and I felt bad.Excellent stay at the Marriott this week! All the recommendations from hotel staff were great. Especially Dinardos seafood. Had a fantastic waitress in the hotel restaurant for breakfast and the eggs Benedict was delish! Appreciated Louis in valet looking out for us when we got a cab. The location is so fantastic including being near the big bus tour stop and the reading terminal market. Front desk staff were helpful when needed. Would definitely recommend this hotel. It is clean and comfortable but the friendly staff really make it a great place to stay.I'm really disappointed with my recent stay at this hotel, and by the lack of customer service from the Marriott in general.  I stayed here because I was attending a wedding in the hotel.  It took three phone calls to book a room because for some reason they couldn't find the wedding rate in the system when I tried to book.... I even had to call the bride and confirm details because multiple people had issues booking me.  
When I checked in I waited over 30 minutes in line which was annoying enough.  I found out the wait was b/c their machines were down and they couldn't issue keys to anyone.  Everyone had to wait for personal escorts to their room.  I get that stuff happens and the workers were nice enough about it,  but I think the Marriott should have been more proactive about the situation.  If I'm paying $160 for a night in a hotel I should be able to access my room whenever I want.  I shouldn't have to wait in line every time to have someone show me up.  I went back to the desk 4 times over the course of the night and finally got room keys at 1030PM.  The Marriott offered no compensation for this issue and at 1030 when I finally got keys the front desk woman merely offered a "sorry"
Working in customer service this situation really upset me.  I would never charge someone full price for half the experience.  Waiting in line and walking past your room several times to access it was very annoying.  They really could have done more to help;  especially considering I was a guest of a wedding party that was paying over $40,000 to have their event at this hotel.  What a disappointment.
edit to add:  after a formal complaint to corporate I was given a $50 discount on the room.  I'm bumping the review up to two stars,  though I think this should have been done without asking.  I would bump it up further,  but the discount never showed up and I had to email again to ask about it.  I was eventually credited :)I stayed here for a night to volunteer at the Thanksgiving Day parade. We got a great rate because of the parade. I requested a lower floor and our room was on the 3rd floor facing the convention center. The room was clean, beds very comfortable and very quiet. The bathroom was a good size, the tv had a ton of channels and this location can't be beat. Just a few blocks from Chinatown and the historic area. Plenty of food options with the Reading Terminal Market right outside the hotel. The front desk staff was helpful and polite. My only complaint is the fee for Wifi. 
I would stay here again.I can only speak to the conference facilities here, except for the hotel's excellent location -- within an easy walk of numerous restaurants, shops, historic sites, and public transportation options -- and its large, very pretty first-floor lobby, which is convenient with a connected FedEx and Starbuck's.
The conference facilities are pretty extensive, with lots of space for attendees to move around on the upper floors.  The rooms are pretty -- smaller ones are nice and bright, while the larger ones are relatively dark but not too bad -- and there are plenty of them in assorted sizes, with retractable walls between them.  And, always a plus, there are plentiful clean bathrooms.
However, there are a couple of key flaws in the facilities that detracted from the time I spent here: the conference rooms are very loud and the common areas of the conference floors need more seating.  The retractable panels separating the rooms were thin and resulted in significant sound bleeding through from neighboring rooms; the doors are better, but even they had noticeable sound issues.  In one of the larger rooms I was in a few times -- Grand Ballroom, Salon L -- the machinery that kicked on and off with the air conditioning was extremely loud and disruptive; every time, it sounded like someone was angrily overturning a room full of furniture, running down the hall bouncing off walls made of sheet metal, and rolling around several massive dice, all directly above the conference room.  Seatingwise, once the hotel lobby (as large as it is) fills with the conference crowd, the upper floors lack many places to sit outside of the conference rooms; this may force standing networking but it's not great for resting between or before sessions.  The first floor of the conference facilities also has a critical bottleneck beside the escalator, which significantly constrains access to several conference rooms; I cannot fully blame this on the Marriott -- because it could be easily resolved by attendees being more conscientious and spatially aware and not standing around blocking the narrow space -- but it is a frustration that's a factor of the facilities' design.Great hotel in the middle of the city; the staff was friendly and attentive. It was extremely busy with the convention in town, but they had plenty of people to accommodate any needs.The room was clean and the room service breakfast was delicious. Reasonably priced for such a central location. Close to plenty of restaurants within walking distance.This hotel is a disappointment. It's a 3-star hotel max and not the 4-star it claims to be. I expect more from a Marriott property. Bathroom: tub has rust stains, tiled bathroom floor also has stains and shower's water pressure is nonexistent. Bed area: old ganky carpets, outdated decor, bed sheets had permanent stains on them and pillow cases had holes. Bed was lumpy. Overall pretty dusty. Unfortunately, I booked this as a Priceline Express Deal and couldn't switch hotels without losing my money entirely. Definitely not worth the near $200 per night I paid. To be completely transparent, the hotel does have important redeeming qualities. It's well-situated with many sights nearby and within walking distance of downtown shops, restaurants and bars. The staff are really nice and the hotel lobby is well kept. It's the rest of the hotel that needs a serious remodel in order to represent its brand and star rating. Won't be back and won't book Express Deals again.As others pointed out, the best aspect about this hotel is the location. You will be within walking distance to many good stores, restaurants, and attractions. The second best thing is the staff, but in this price range that should be a given. The cons are the expensive valet parking, and the fact that in a hotel of this caliber, there are no mini fridges. Tips if you are considering a stay: 1) Park in the garage across the street. 2) Request a room on an upper floor, preferably a corner, for the best views.Meh - kinda disappointed considering it's a Marriott. 
I am a Platinum Elite Marriott Rewards member, and have been for some years. Usually when I stay in a Courtyard or Fairfield, I expect less frills, but when I book at a signature Marriott hotel, I expect better. As a frequent guest of their properties, Marriott needs to re-evaluate how they run this particular hotel:
- Asked for a room with two queen beds, got a room with two full-size beds. When I inquired, they claimed it was just a "mistake" on the website which they had no control over. No rooms with two queen beds. (Bait and switch)
- Asked about the "full featured business center" they advertised, and was told to go to the FedEx Office contained in the same complex. So, I got nickel-and-dimed for every copy, printout, e-mail sent, etc. (Misleading)
- Asked about getting a ride to and from the airport with the complimentary 'shuttle service' they advertised, and was told they contracted with some 3rd party company which charged $10/person, one way. (Bait and switch)
The one thing I did like was the friendly African American gal working the concierge lounge on the 23rd floor. Great personality and made me feel like a valued guest. 
My $0.02.If you are a business traveler, do yourself a favor and DO NOT stay at this hotel. The internet situation is so terrible that no matter how nice the hotel is (and it's not even that nice) it's not worth it. I am currently sitting in my room in the hotel and it has taken me over an hour to write this review. I was unable to even check into my flight this morning because of how slow and patchy the internet is. I have no complaints that it's not wireless, but the internet service here is worse than the days of dial-up. I had an engineer come check out the situation my first day here and call the ibahn (that's the internet company they use) help desk, but nothing has worked.
As a frequent business traveler, internet is a MUST! My colleagues and I have all agreed to never stay here again. I spent most of last night at a local Starbucks just to send/receive email, which is completely unacceptable for a hotel. I've stayed all over the country and never had this problem before. In fact, I signed up for yelp just to warn other business travelers, so that no one else has to experience the same woes.
BUSINESS TRAVELERS STAY AWAY!I have to say I was pleasantly surprised by this hotel.  The rates were great too.  Think it was $175 a night which for the location seemed like a good rate.  It was right next to the Reading Terminal Market so that made exploring the area easy as well.  
The Starbucks downstairs was a nice plus, as well as the proximity to shopping and exploring Philly's restaurants and more.With the 2013 Philadelphia Half Marathon on my list of races to run, I jumped onto my ol' trusty hotel reservation website and was introduced to the Philadelphia Marriott Downtown. 
Let's get the obvious out of the way. Could this be anymore centrally located? No. No it couldn't. We were close to everything, and literally attached to some things. The Marathon Expo was held in the Philly Convention Center which is connected directly to the hotel. Everything else was a tiny hop, skip and a jump from the hotel's front doors. My wife and I were able to avoid the public transit system and walk our way to Reading Terminal Market, Liberty Bell/Independence Hall, Chinatown, and of course, the race start over at the Art Museum! 
The hotel itself is beautiful and the rate was very affordable. As a special for the runners staying in the hotel, the restaurant (coincidentally named "13". See: half marathon) had specials on pasta dishes the night before the race. I went with a chicken option, but had to send the chicken back because it was really pink inside. No bueno. Definitely not what I'd like to have come back at me at mile 10. Chicken 2.0 was much better, and I was able to carb and protein up just fine. 
Our room was kind of a toss up. The bed was very comfortable and the room clean, but the bathroom definitely needs some work. There was peeling paint on the entire ceiling, with a portion of the ceiling broken on one end of the shower. There was also a strange consistent sound of what I can only describe as the elevators moving past the room, even though we were at least 2 rooms away from them. This went on the entire stay.
Valet parking was extremely expensive, and I managed to find a slightly cheaper option directly across the street from the hotel. There are definitely cheaper lots than what I found, so keep an eye out and avoid this ridiculous expense. 
My wife and I took a dip in the pool the night before the race to loosen up our muscles. It was a nice pool; classic business hotel fare. 
My only other gripe I would say is the inflexibility of a late checkout. I understand the hotel was packed with runners all asking for it since the last thing we want after a long race is to get into our various modes of transport without a hot shower, but still. Maybe anticipate that? Fortunately, we had about an hour of time between getting back to the hotel after the race and checkout to get our showers in. 
If I'm back in Philly for more than one night, I may look elsewhere for a place to stay. But if it's just a weekend trip, the price and location are perfect.I stayed here for a conference with coworkers last Fall and was very impressed. The room was big and clean. I stayed alone and was very pleased with my room. There wasn't much of a view but that was okay. As far as service goes, all of the staff on hand were attentive and happy to help. 
The meeting area for the conference was extremely large. Our conference was held over the course of a week and they managed to hold a few other conferences within the hotel at the same time. 
The restaurants and bars inside the hotel are a great perk. I was able to grab quality food and drink with my peers and meet some locals all under the same roof of the hotel. There's also a full service Starbucks in the lobby! 
Location is also prime. This was my first time staying in Philly and I was able to walk to all of the site seeing touristy stuff I wanted to do. Lots of great restaurants nearby as well if you're looking to venture out.My friends and I were looking for plans for the weekend. We were planning a little last minute but the hotel was very accommodating to us. They booked us Saturday morning and we were there by 3 for check in. Its reasonably priced and the location is great. We were right across the street from Reading Terminal Market and a block away from City Hall. Theres a Starbucks in the lobby. Its very safe because you have to scan your room key to use the elevator. The room was in great condition and very clean. We did find a little makeup stain on our sheets but they were up within 10 minutes to change them for us even though it was 12 am. The overnight valet parking is a little pricey but worth it because you can take your car in and out as many times as you need. The pool was great and clean, i just wish it was a bit warmer. Overall a great stay and will be returning!Great location, but our room had a couple odd quirks: no fan in the bathroom at all. Water pressure in the shower was awful. Other than that, beds were comfy, tv was fine.Enjoyed my 1 night stay at the Downtown Marriott.  Hotel is spacious and I was on a quiet floor. Enjoyed cocktails in the lobby bar !Worst Hotel Experience Ever ! Do NOT STAY HERE unless you want random charges on your CREDIT CARD THAT WILL TAKE an insubordinate amount of time wasted to REMOVE.  WASTED MY TIME ! Time is MONEY, you are better off staying at a hotel with better customer
I stay at many hotel chains for work and vacations.  And by far there is some of the worst customer service and follow up service I have ever experience. 
I tried to check in for them to tell me my reservation was across the street at the Courtyard Marriott.  So I take my bags and schlep them across the street, only for them to tell me that my reservation is back where I came from.  I finally check in.  
They stay was good, however I come home to find out that there is 74.95 charge to my room !!!! With no description.  I call them, only to find out that the hotel cannot deal with this charge and that I have to speak with their "Business Services"  Which their business services is not open on the Weekend and not 24/7.  So I wait until Monday morning to Call Business Services, After a 15 min hold time, they proceed to tell me that it will take 24-48 hrs to give me an answer.  After telling them that this is unacceptable their customer service rep decides to put me on permanent hold.  I waited for 30 minutes until their music even cut off.  I proceeded to call back the original hotel, for them to transfer me to a voicemail.  I finally call back again now livid to finally get a live person.  I am waiting for the person at Accounting to get back to me , which I was told they could not give me a time frame as to when this could be resolved.  It shows that they had re-adjusted my rate after I had already checked out !!!!! INSANE !!!! FRAUD AND SCAMMERS !!!  
Let's see if they even resolve this, or if I have to dispute this charge with my credit card company.Marriott is always a good place to stay. This location is right downtown. close to everything. The room was nice and the people that work here are great to deal with. glad I picked this location for my stay.Large Marriott right in the heart of PHL. You can get to the convention center easily, as well as Reading Terminal Market, City Hall and it's just a few blocks from the Liberty Bell and Constitution Hall.
The rooms are standard Marriott, nice, attractive and comfortable. I had a great view of City Hall.Great location.  Awesome staff very attentive I had an issue with my room the 1st night and they handled it immediately.  Beautiful historical buildings surrounding and LOVE park just down the street!!! Will definitely be returning.Great location! Easy to walk to many landmarks and there's a 7/11 across the street in case you need some essentials. Reading terminal market is so close, it's amazing! 
Wifi isn't free which makes sense if you're a business person but not if you're there for a vacation. I asked for a high rise room but we got a room on the 7th floor facing the HVAC system, wasn't loud compared to NYC noise. The employees were all very friendly. I just wish they had bottle openers.This was my worst stay in a Marriott hotel. They put me in the wrong room. They messed up breakfast two out of three times. Because of a convention they removed all rewards bonuses.  I will never stay in that hotel again.This hotel is not up to Marriott standards. Old, but old is great if it is clean. This hotel is not clean. From my bathtub (hair in it on arrival) to the carpet (dust along baseboards and sticky to the feet), to a pink fingernail under my bed. It doesn't stop there - blood on waste canister in women's room for the entire 3 night stay. Gross. Not a nice place to stay.My girlfriend and I spent a night in Philly, and decided to stay in this Marriott in the downtown area. It was relatively inexpensive for the quality you get. The location was super convenient as the market, Chinatown, and restaurants are all within short walking distance. The staff was also super friendly.I stayed here while attending a conference at the convention center, and other than the internet situation, I have no complaints. It's amazingly convenient, being attached to the convention center and the Market East train station. I was able to get a fairly reasonable conference rate, though I shudder to think what the regular traveler's rate might be. You can't ask for much more than being located across the street from the Reading Terminal Market (http://www.yelp.com/biz/reading-terminal-market-philadelphia) - it's like being in Seattle and having a hotel across the street from the Pike Place Market. I ate at two of the restaurants in the hotel, which OK but I'd advise stepping out and eating elsewhere if you get the chance. The beds were amaaaazingly comfortable, and the room was totally decent, although I was disappointed there was no refrigerator. I had excellent service from the concierge and reception employees, and they had plenty of friendly, patient staff on hand on the 3rd and 4th floors to provide directional assistance to conference attendees. They even set up a nice reception area on the 4th floor for conference attendees, complete with a bar and big screen TVs and couches for lounging. My only complaint is the lack of wireless internet. I could understand having wireless and charging for it (though naturally I'd rather it be free), but to have no wireless at all in a business hotel is pretty unacceptable in this day and age, I think. Does anyone really carry a cable around anymore? I know I probably could have borrowed one, but why bother, it was easier to walk over to the convention center and use the free wireless there than to go all the way downstairs and ask for a cable. I know cabling a hotel this size in the first place must have been a nightmare, since I once had to be in charge of a recabling project in my office building years ago, but it's time to let that go and go wireless, seriously. Anyway, back to the positives, there was an airport shuttle for $10 if you don't want to take the train or taxi, and there is a free printer in the lobby for printing boarding passes. As I mentioned in my review of the convention center, the location is perfect for sightseeing, and I found the city very easy to get around. Other than the wireless, a great hotel for a business traveler.Our stay at the Philadelphia Marriott was acceptable, not stellar by any means.  This was more of an overnight staycation for my husband and I out for our anniversary.  I reserved the room using Priceline.com's name your own price.  The rate was reasonable.  I wouldn't pay full price for a Saturday night, now having stayed there. 
The parking garage was full.  I'm guessing due to an event there, since we saw a lot of folks in the lobby in formal wear.  That sucked.  We had to drive around a bit to find something.  Check in was swift.  Ross at the front desk was friendly and helpful.  The aesthetics of the room were nice enough.  The water pressure in the shower was better than ours at home so I enjoyed that.  The wifi wasn't free, which I think kind of sucks.  The bed was beyond uncomfortable.  We are both stomach sleepers and woke up with sore chests.  For all of the pillows they have on the bed, you'd think they'd pay more attention to the comfort of the mattress.  Check out was also quick.
Overall, it was a mediocre experience.  I wouldn't seek out this hotel again, but wasn't completely dissatisfied give the deal we got on the room.I'm a hotel snob, but the Marriott Downtown is pretty great.
We were here for only one night, but I slept well in a great bed, lots of pillows, didn't hear anything from rooms next door and/or the hallway, and the people working here are nice.  Terrific location to pretty much anything you might need to do in Philly, and will definitely return!I stayed at this hotel back in Oct 2010, went to visit the Eastern State Penitentiary, they have the Halloween special starting in Sept till Nov, I stayed at the Marriott Downtown 1-BR Suite, the room is huge, not modern, more like a classic traditional.  Soonest you I walked into the room, you see the huge living room and the dinning area at the back, dinning table sit up to 6 people and also a separate bed room, door in between bedroom and living room, big bathroom and mirror, and once again, nothing modern, is more of a traditional. 
Location at this hotel is great, you're only couple of blocks from the Convention Center, few blocks from Chinatown, and walked distance pretty much every where, this hotel is located on the Market Street, which is one of the big main street where all the shopping area, but the funny thing about this hotel the front entrance actually in the back, even though this hotel address is showing on Market Street, which it is, but if you get there by driving, you have to drive around to the back where the front entrance is.Horrible. They sent me to occupied rooms twice. After telling me my reservation didn't exist the manager finally after an hour of elevators to wrong rooms, first agreed to look at my emailed reservation confirmation numbers. Give me a break! If they can't get you into a room right, they probably can't do anything right IMO. Took over an hour in the hotel to get into a room.  Recommended- NOT!For a Marriott property, especially one in a prime downtown location like the Philly Marriott Downtown, there were some positives but more negatives about this hotel.
First the good:
--The lobby, bar area and restaurant were nice, clean, modern and great to hang out at. 
--The banquet hall floor/area was large, spacious, clean and easily held plenty of people for the dance I attended on Sunday  night of Labor Day weekend.
Now the not-so-good:
--The room (at least my room I stayed in anyways--a room with double beds on the ninth floor) was tired and looked like it hadn't been remodeled in 10-12 years. 
--No HDTV, but a nice 10-12 year-old television. I make this point because in the last 2-3 years, every hotel I've stayed in (including a Holiday Inn) have upgraded the TVs in the rooms. You'd think a Marriott would too--not this one.
--The towels were old, hard and scratchy...not fun.
Now the ugly:
When I was about to check out, a friend who crashed in my room texted me saying one of his friends staying in another room was bitten by bedbugs in his room. I didn't suffer anything like that in my one night in the hotel. However, yesterday I discovered a bedbug infestation in my bed at home and I've never had a problem with the critters. I know I can't prove the bugs got into my bags and traveled home with me--but they easily travel and people won't know they've brought some home until the red bite marks start showing up after a night's rest. Just saying it's possible my room had 'em too but can't prove it. 
So when you add it all up...the Philadelphia Marriott Downtown doesn't live up to the expectations one may expect the brand to have.I've stayed at the downtown Marriott several times and only on a recent extended stay did I realize how gigantic this hotel was. There are two towers: a main tower with conventional rooms and a Headhouse Tower with bigger rooms across the street that's connected by an escalator and a skywalk. Both towers are conveniently located in the heart of the downtown area within steps of City Hall, Reading Market, and public transit lines.
As for the rooms, they're fairly utilitarian. Not necessarily posh, but comfortable enough and, again, likely far more spacious in the Headhouse Tower than in the main tower. For Marriott gold elites and above, there is also a lounge that has a modest spread for breakfast, hors d'oeuvres in the evening, and light refreshments the rest of the day.
The hotel has lots of convention facilities and can simultaneously accommodate over 1,000 attendees across its meeting rooms. There's a good amount of public space in the main lobby and the convention areas to hang out and socialize. Service, whether from the front desk, bellmen, cleaning staff, or meeting room staff, is very courteous and helpful.
Overall, a productive stay for a convention in downtown Philly, and a large enough venue that you could conceivably spend most of your time here without really getting to explore the richness of the surrounding area. If you're traveling on your own dime and are not in town for a convention, however, I'd hold out for low weekend rates or investigate the many area alternatives more fully.Stayed here for Valentines day weekend and it was interesting to say the least. For starters it took us an hour to even make it to the front for Valet only to find that the lot was full and we had to find parking on our own. Luckily a bell man helped us unload quickly and I waited in the lobby while my man successfully found a parking space nearby. Our King room was not available so to avoid waiting any longer than we already had we accepted a handicap King room. It wasnt to bad. The  shower floor was a little dirty and everything was so low that I accidentally hit me head coming out the bathroom on the towel/robe holders sticking out of the bathroom door and ended up with a big knot in the middle of my forehead on Valentine's morning (head still hurting) damn you Marriott. Housekeeping kept knocking to clean very early until the 3rd time they suggested we put the privacy sign out. They could of suggested that the first time. $12 Wifi!!! Just crazy! 
The positives are although pricey the breakfast was good. I loved the potatoes. Location is great. Really close to everything. The staff was very nice. Everyone we came in contact with. View was okay from our room.Lovely hotel with very helpful staff and a killer gym.  The location is perfect.  Beautiful view of the city from the top of a standard room side of the hotel.  Public transportations, plenty of places to eat, and shopping.pleasantly surprised by the location of this hotel. I knew it was going to be in the center of things but everything was literally walking distance. we took the septa from the phl airport and within 40minutes, we were at the market east station waking up the stairs and crossing the bridge (yes a covered bridge/overpass) that connected the station to the marriott itself. talk about convenient! the reading terminal market is also just few steps away. city hall and jfk plaza is a few blocks down, and the independence hall national park is just past chinatown (about a 15minute leisurely stroll). 
i'm giving it a 4 because i expected more amenities inside the room, esp the bathroom, this being a 4star hotel and all. we asked for toothpaste because we forgot to bring some and it took them over 30minutes just to bring us 2 dental kits. when we called, we could hear laughing and loud talking in the background.. they might be on break or something? 
anyways, other than that. this is definitely one of the best bets if you're going to philly for a quick vacation to see the historic sites.Being a Marriott Platinum member this is my go to hotel while staying in Philly.
It is conveniently located in Center City and is close to everything.  The staff is super friendly and willing to assist you if you have any problems.
There is a Starbucks located in the hotel which is great for anytime you need a caffeine fix.
If you need a rental car for the day, there is a Hertz location in the hotel.
Great fitness room, so you can keep up with your workouts while traveling.
All and all a great hotel!Late review: my wife and I stayed here on a weekend trip to Philly a few years ago. The location is the best part of this hotel in my opinion. It's location in Center City is ideal if you are taking in the sites including the historical areas in Philadelphia. A lot of attractions are within a few blocks of the hotel. The hotel and room were just okay but being directly across the street from Reading Terminal Market is awesome another perk. We had an enjoyable stay just for the location alone.I originally gave this 3 stars, but just dropped it to 2 based on some additional experiences.  My 14th floor room had windows that are too thin for the loud 3-5AM traffic (trucks, horns, etc.), so had lots of trouble sleeping.  Also, the housekeeping was rude and very very loud.   The Ritz-Carlton is a block away--stay there if you can--it was not much more. 
Here's my original review: Great location, but this aging, massive hotel is very mainstream.  Rooms are typical, urban Marriott, some OK updates...  Restaurants and room service are both OK.  This place is HQ to dozens of conferences, so most people do not pick it themselves.  The hotel itself is large and poorly laid out.  If you take the wrong elevator, plan on a lengthy walk. Internet worked well, but was $15 a day.  TV is newer, but room lacked mini-bars.  Street noise can be heard in some rooms. Front desk was understaffed at check-in.  Service is friendly and room service was prompt, but it would be hard to choose this hotel on a non-business trip.  Being very large and centrally located is great and is has a lot of amenities, but is a pretty typical super-sized Marriott. Lots nearby. 
Tip: If you can swing it, do the Four Seasons or Ritz nearby.First class hotel. Great sheets and clean rooms. Hotel staff is friendly and professional. Upgraded up for breakfast on the concierge level by our inquiry.  Also gave us free internet for Elite status. Location is great.
Minus a star because internet should be free and no coffee or tea in the room. An Ipod capable radio would be nice too. Many other lesser hotels now have.Love this Marriott!! Rooms are spacious and love the decor! Service is always outstanding bc hey lets face it, its a Marriott! Its in the middle of everything!!Stayed here during our first trip to Philly and this hotel is definitely all about location. To, literally, everything! 
While it's clean, gigantic, up-to-date, and the staff was extremely friendly, it lost one star for one thing: on our first night we asked the front desk for wine glasses and were told they'd be sent right-up--three calls, no apologies, and over an hour later, the glasses finally arrived.  Why not let us grab the glasses from the bar downstairs (10 steps away) when we were initially requesting them if that was going to be such a hassle?The food and drinks have been excellent along with the service. Comfortable beds and pillows. I felt like a valued guest immediately when I checked in. The Concierge directed us to a great cigar bar.Pluses first.  In fairness, their location was good, and we attended a conference that was excellent.  Our room was clean, and stayed that way due to an excellent housekeeper.  We really liked some of the servers in "13" and Eric, in the FedEx office, was fantastic: kind, professional, helpful.  Wu, our bellhop, was fantastic as well, when we arrived: professional, welcoming, friendly.
OK--here it comes.
Cons included a lack of air conditioning in one of the conference rooms (that's the first time I've enjoyed an excellent conference session while simultaneously wishing it were over!).  There was also a noticeable, "I don't care, so stop bothering me," attitude among some of the staff.  One day, I ordered pretzels at the bar and the bartender said, "I'll bring them to you."  After waiting ten minutes (and a fairly decent tip) I finally ventured over to the bar and saw them sitting there.  Asking, "Are these mine?" yielded just a "yes" response--no apology, no explanation.  (Maybe "I'll bring them over" means something different in Philly than in L.A.?)  And by the way, I'd requested those pretzels "to go" at the restaurant and was re-routed to the bar in the first place!  Plus, $10 for five pretzel sticks is a little expensive.  What are they made with--gold dust?  (Obviously, we weren't paying extra for service!)
The following morning, we arrived at "13" for a brunch.  One of the hostesses wandered over in a very lackadaisical way and said, without so much as a "good morning", "We're only serving the buffet now."  We concluded that she was annoyed by the idea of our business, and took it elsewhere.
But the topper?  We had a fairly large package to ship back to our home in California by FedEx.  We came downstairs to one of the two FedEx offices, lugging the package, after the time it's posted to open.  No one was there.  So, my husband took the package to the front desk, to ask if they could keep it for us while we ate breakfast.  He was told: (1) "Oh, they usually email if they're going to be late."  (2) "They haven't emailed."  (3) "No, we can't keep a package for you here at the front desk, that's not our policy".
Fortunately, there were TWO FedEx offices there, and Eric, the assistant manager in the one that WAS open at the hours posted, was, as noted before, fantastic.  But there's no way I'd ever recommend this Marriott to anyone else--and I feel a little sorry for our conference organizers, getting stuck with this place!Upscale hotel in the heart of Philly. Our room was clean, comfortable, surprisingly spacious and had a beautiful view of the city hall. The housekeeping staff are friendly and try their best to accommodate your needs. The Starbucks connected to the lobby is convenient for a pick-me-up coffee before heading out into the city. The only drawback is lack of nearby cheap parking spaces and wifi which costs about $16. It was a lovely stay...but I doubt I'll come back to this hotel.Decent Marriott location in center city Philadelphia. My fiancée and I stayed here for New Years Eve. Although there was a long line for check in, it moved very quickly. The room was nice/clean but nothing special. Taking two stars off because when I went into the fridge there were numerous things left in there: skim milk, butter, and apple juice. Needless to say, it was gross and I had to throw it out. Also neither of the trash cans in our room had trash bags which I thought was odd. But other than that, not s bad stay.Hotel was nice. Convenient location and close to sites. I was able to take a walk during a conference lunch break to see the Liberty Bell.  
Requested late check out due to an early afternoon flight, which allowed me to schedule a late morning conference call with a client.  However, my call was interrupted three (3!) times by the same housekeeping staff person asking me if I was "still using the room", despite telling them I have a late checkout and the time I would vacate the room.I'm a Platinum member of Marriott and spend more than 100 nights a year at these hotels. Checked into this one today and was welcomed by a bedbug infested room and the rudest staff on planet earth. Will report  this hotel to the health authorities.
There is a reason this hotel has 3 star rating. It should be negative 3 but I doubt the staff would understand what a negative number is.
Now on day 2 of this bedbug disaster. No one from Marriott bothered to contact me  .....trying to move to another hotel but need my clothes back they took due to the bedbugs in their room. Marriott corporate trying to reach this absolutely mismanaged staff. Let's see. Stay away from this hotel at all cost. If you are here check your room carefully. If bitten see a doctor and make a formal complaint. This place will obviously not take care of the infestation unless presses hard to do so.One word to sum up the Philadelphia Downtown Marriott?  Meh.
I was there last week for a conference, and the rooms and facilities are on the mid to lower end of the Marriott spectrum.
The good:
- Location's pretty convenient.  Lots of stuff within walking distance.
- FedEx Office in the lobby: HELL YES!!! (I know, it's sad that this excites me so, but when you're doing the conference gig, being able to print & ship on site is nearly earth shatteringly awesome.)
- Great beds & bedding (although why the heck is the only cover option a down duvet when it's 90+ degrees outside?!)
- Their conference IT staff (both hotel & contracted event A/V group Geeks & Gurus) were FAN-FREAKING-TASTIC.  Both teams knew their stuff and went above and beyond anything I've ever encountered from event A/V teams (and I do this sort of thing around the country quasi-regularly).  They responded to last-minute issues (that we're their fault) with aplomb and good humor and worked well together.  A pleasure to work with both!
Cons:
- The rooms are pretty minimal, just staying within Marriott standards.  Mine was on the small side, and didn't have enough table space to accommodate both my work stuff (which wasn't much, but needed the entire desk) and room service tray.
- Almost non-existent cable TV.  I don't watch much TV, so it's kind of a novelty to channel surf a bit when I'm traveling for business.  Hope you like ESPN--they've got like four channels of that, but you don't even get the local PBS affiliate.  No Comedy Central, Food Network, Discovery...so cable fail.
- Room service: limited hours and a nearly non-existent menu once the restaurant closes.  Delivery time was fine except both times food was lukewarm and a little soggy from condensed steam dripping back onto the food.
- Banquet staff largely unfriendly, unhelpful and unsmiling.  That's a whole lot of un's for folks in hospitality & tourism.  I don't expect a full conversation or anything, but I don't think it's too much to expect blankly pleasant expressions instead of uniform scowls.
Three stars sums it up: adequate, but not anything that would make me want to go back or particularly recommend it.Amazing customer service. I forgot my laundry and they overnighted it to me!! Always a great stay!!parking is not included . valet is extra 55 self parking is 39. I booked king size bed and they gave me queen. . every each block is at least 3 homeless . smells disgusting . where ever you go there are homeless person will ask for money. don't recommend Philadelphia downtown.The hotel is in a great location within walking distance to lots of restaurants and shops. Concierge did a great job recommending and booking places to eat. Room was spacious, clean and quiet other than doors that bang shut. There were lots of power outlets next to the bed as well as by the desk to charge devices. The hotel is a little dated, and the lobby wasn't particularly appealing and always seemed busy and loud with large business groups, but I'd definitely stay there again.My husband was here for a few days for a meeting in 2010. It was a very crowded weekend, a big track meet with hundreds of high school kids in the lobby.  We were given a room in the older tower with only a port hole.  No kidding, no windows at all other than a tiny port hole circle.  While cute at  first, not being able to see anything outside got annoying, and the room was dark unless I left every light on.  Location is great, just across the street from the reading terminal, and we thought the room was clean and beds were fine.  TV old, but fine.  The room had a plastic outlet plate laying on the ground when we got in, and there was a huge four foot card of stacked old food and plates outside of our door until we called to complain.  By the smell, it had clearly been there for some time.  Also the tub shower combo had a problem and you could not get the water to flow into the tub as the lever was stuck.  Our room was cleaned mid afternoon even thought we had been gone for 6 hours beginning at breakfast. There is absolutely no free internet anywhere in the hotel, the lobby, the concierge floor, no where.  I don't recall staying in another Marriott that did not have free wifi somewhere in the hotel, and I travel quite a bit.  The parking fee is high, but I think it was reduced just a bit.  Valet key woman had trouble finding our keys when we went out as well. Someone else went in to help her find them after several minutes.  Overall, the location is great, but at over $200 night, I would try another hotel next time if the meeting was not at this hotel.  Just too many issues that should not occur in a hotel at this price level.  I will admit, the concierge level member room with the food and beverages was very nice, and the staff there were wonderful. Clearly the nicest part of our stay.Giving this hotel only two stars because of the nickel and dime factor.  I don't mind spending money but this place is way overboard.  The rooms are overpriced for what you get, compared with others in the area, and then they charge $50 for parking, $13 for wifi, and the front desk doesn't answer the phone.  Other than that, the location is great and the view from our room was nice, hence the two stars.I love me a good Marriott! Philly was our very last minute vaca detour (Padre Island was cxl due to the hurricane) so it was a relief to arrive here and know it was all good.  
Check in was a breeze and the desk agent was sure to remind us of the extras we get for being Elite like free wifi and the concierge lounge that serves an awesome breakfast buffet in the morning and hors d'oeuvres and drinks at night, plus sodas and waters we could take to stock up the room fridge.   
Located at city center downtown we were in walking or subway distance to most everything and it was easy to get an uber when we needed it.  
Our room on the 23rd floor was quiet and clean, plus they have a decent fitness center and a bunch of other amenities we didn't use while we were busy eating cheesesteaks, seeing historical stuff and watching the Phillies kick the Cubs asses (sorry Chicago). 
When I asked where we could watch the McGregor/Mayweather fight, they called around and provided us with a bunch of options. It was very cool of them to do the research for us, if only they could've changed the outcome of the fight :( 
The pool was closed for renovation but we knew that when we booked so it wasn't a dealbreaker.  
Thanks Marriott, for making it a great time.I stayed here for 3 days and 3 nights for a conference and thoroughly enjoyed my stay. I had a room with a king sized bed and it was wonderful. There are two bars there on in the lobby that is out in the open and easy to congregate around. The other is 13 and we watched the Phils play on the TV's. Now here's the bad part internet is about $12 a day and its wired! Who doesn't have wireless in this day and age? Also, onsite parking is $42 a day so I suggest taking a train or parking in a nearby garage. Our food for the conference was provided by the Marriott and I must say that everything was delicious and they tried to have vegetarian options so that was nice of them. I don't know if I would stay here if I didn't have to because it's a little expensive, but I love that its located right by the Market East train station and right by the Reading Terminal Market. Also, there are a lot of great restaurants and bars nearby but we didn't get to take advantage of them.Great downtown location right across the street from Reading Terminal Market which can satisfy just about any appetite. We took the train in from Princeton which is a good thing because parking is up to $50/day. The Jefferson terminal is very accessible from the hotel (you can get there without even going outside). We walked to all of our sightseeing from the hotel and as long as you are up for healthy walks, this is doable. Our room, in the newer section of the hotel, was clean but very small. The beds felt smaller than a full and one was just about up against the wall and there was a chair shoved in between the window and the other bed. After a day of trying to get into the bed maneuvering around the chair, I gave up and climbed onto the chair to get into the bed! Our daughter stayed in the older section of the hotel and when she saw our room, she commented on how much bigger hers was.  Good sized fitness center and although it was for such a large hotel, it was never crowded. We were in town for a wedding and the rooms for this were very nice.DO NOT STAY HERE!!!
This place is run by a gaggle of South Philly Ghetto Idiots who can't even handle the most basic elements of good service.Staying in the hotel for a conference called downstairs 3 times and no answer. Checked in today returned to my room with a roach problem when lights came on.I have to say, other than the hotel lobby, the overall hotel didn't live up to the Marriot name. Bear in mind this was an actual Marriot and not a sister/chain of Marriot like the Courtyard or Residence Inn. The lobby was absolutely lavish. When I waked in, it was like a 4-star hotel. Unfortunately the guest room was small and out-dated.
The manager was very professional when I had issues with my room key, it didn't open the door. So, he said he gave me a new set of keys and asked that I call from the house phone if it didn't work again. I tried several times, fast, slow, paused for the card to read but it didn't unlock. So, he sent security up to let me in. The security guy had to play around with the key also but he finally got it opened. He then called the manager back and said it was working just fine. If he had to play around with the key, how is that working "just fine".
When I got into the room, I was disappointed. Everything felt icky and looked like it need a thorough cleaning. The chairs were all stained and the bathroom floor was sticky, not gooey sticky but felt like it needed a good mopping.
I can't complain b/c I got the room on Priceline for $80. That's probably why I got stuck with an outdated room but if you have to pay the average price of $199 a night, I rather stay somewhere else.
Parking is $41 (including tax). If you park at the lot on 10th b/t Market and Filbert (across from the Bus station in the convention center), it's only $10. I was lucky and found street parking. If you are there for the weekend, it's not bad considering street parking is free on Sundays.The only good thing about this hotel is the location. I had a red eye flight and arrived at 7AM to the hotel, having an early check in request was denied and they made me wait over 6 HOURS to get a room at 2:30PM!!!!! Which may I add was only because I had enough and confronted the staff angrily and requested to speak to the manager. The front desk lady was unapologetic and did not even care that I was upset. 
The rooms were dated and there were cracks on the walls. The shower head was broken and when you would turn on the water it was leaking everywhere. I was there for business and reported it to my company travel dept for future events. will never stay there again!$400/night +44/ night parking. Hotel and rooms are in need of renovation. Can't call auto valet from room to bring your car around. Need to go down and hand ticket to attendant and wait , and wait and wait ...Took 45 min to retrieve car. Too few attendants who were backed up but  in absolutely no hurry .Got into the elevator stepped into a giant puddle of piss at 2a.m. Went to the front desk they didn't seem overly concerned instead gave me a $25 dollar credit not sure what for since we check out in the morning and are definitely not eating breakfast here. WILL NOT STAY AGAIN.I thoroughly enjoyed my stay here! The location is literally a three minute walk to Reading Terminal Market. The room was kind of small, but it was comfortable! We requested a later check out and it was no hassle at all, which was pleasant. There's a Starbucks in the lobby for all of those coffee heads, and a gift shop. Parking was $49 a night, but we used Spot Hero and parked in a lot 2 blocks away, for $47. Parking in the area is not easy to find, but there are plenty of lots around. Uber trips weren't expensive they were about $5-$8. All in all, I had a great experience and would recommend this hotel!I love how centrally located this place is. Across the street from reading terminal and other great dining choices. A full starbucks on site, always a plus for us coffee lovers. Great services, clean rooms of decent sizes and again so conveniently locatedRestaurant/bar 13 in this hotel is wonderful! Joe was our bartender and took good care of the group. Very creative in mixing and tolerate the shenanigans.NOTE: I did not stay here, but I was here two days for a conference.
The lobby is gorgeous, especially with the comfortable Circle Bar area directly in the center. Some of the carpets had really odd colors/patterns on them though (like Franklin Hall for example)
Anyway, all of the staff were super accommodating when our schedules were bumped up or we needed something extra from them.
Kudos especially to one of the valet drivers Valmer (I think) who walked us down to our car and loaded our cart of stuff into it. 
I think if I had the cash, I wouldn't mind staying here.Very disappointed. Registration desk staff were arrogant and not helpful for several issues.  The only shining star was waiter in center bar.  
Food was disappointing, room dreary.  Stay somewhere else.  It can only be betterGreat location to convention center, reading terminal and downtown. Hotel very large and clean and staff super service.Wonderful hotel with wonderful service! One of the most beautiful hotels I've visited. The concierge  desk is so accommodating and helpful. I have no complaints. The regular double queen rooms and bathrooms were large and spacious. Inside, there's a Starbucks, a FedEx, and other things that may sound random, but I went for a mock trial competition and they where just the things that we needed in close proximity.By far a wonderful stay! In the heart of down town Philadelphia, close to restaurants, museums, bars, shopping, and walking distance to many places. 
-When traveling to this area of downtown, expect TRAFFIC! Goodness was it packed... 
-Expect to PAY FOR PARKING, so bring at least an extra 80-100$ for any parking garage, or lot parking. The hotels is pricey, 50$ per day; however it is convenient to have your car where your staying and not walking.
-If you like museums 20 minute walk will get you to 12 ave where tons of museums are located at fairly decent admissions :)
Also, the whole staff was AMAZING. Shout out to David, or Richard? (He was a new member of the hotel team) that checked us in quick and hit the hotel amenities without having us standing there listening to a lecture, to the bellman Courtney that was so patient as we did a last sweep of our room for any items, to the restaurant team Dana, the bar tender was pleasant and efficient, and she steered me away from a disastrous beer I was about to order, as she heard my liking for an IPA beer, she recommended a wonderful selection. As well as the Restaurant Supervisor Mario, defiantly a valuable member of your management team. Orders came out promptly, and there was a comfortable vibe within our dinning experience.
All and all I would stay again :)