My Wife is from this area & said that the food was decent. I went w/ the Steak wit Wiz, Fried Onions & Mushrooms and some Vinegar Fries. Sandwich was decent, Meat not as chopped up like most places will do, which isn't a bad thing, and it had a decent taste/seasoning.  Wiz seemed a little salty, but overall good. Fries were so so. the way they package them made them a little soggy, but not mushy. as for the vinegar part, Philips should look into purchasing a good malted vinegar. What they gave seemed tasted almost like water.Updating because this place deserves no less than 5 stars. We came here a couple years ago and wanted to visit again when we brought my parents for their first philly cheese steak. Instead of going to the over packed Pat's or Geno's, come to Philip's. A local Philadelphian told us about this spot and I'm so glad we listened. Prompt, friendly service and absolutely delicious food. My dad and boyfriend ordered their cheese steak (traditional) and loved it. I went with an order of their cheese fries, which was SO good. It's cash only here so keep that in mind! Parking is also easy to find. We love this spot and it's our go-to when we are visiting Philly and craving a cheese steak!Best cheese steaks in the city which by default also means best cheese steaks in the world.I'm a Philly native who ordered a "cheesesteak with onions and whiz" and maybe because I didn't say "whiz wit" I received a dry cheesesteak with little whiz smeared on the bread and a pinch of finely chopped onions...very disappointed because it was for my dad who was craving a good cheesesteak after a long day at the hospital. Oh well, better luck elsewhereWe visited Philly for the weekend and wanted to have a genuine philly cheese steak. We considered Pat's & Geno's but wanted to try a smaller place, since the locals we spoke to told us to avoid the tourist traps. We decided on Philip's after a recommendation from our Lyft driver. It was a good choice!
We found it easily, found parking easily and there wasn't much of a line at all on a Saturday around 6:00 pm. I ordered the pizza steak hoagie with fried onions and cheese whiz (when in Rome, right?) and my boyfriend ordered the regular steak hoagie with cheese whiz. We also ordered a small fry as well. I really liked that there were two separate windows to order from, one for hoagies specifically and one for sides. The service was very friendly and the food came out quick. 
We loved the fries and our hoagies. Personally, I am not a huge fan of the cheese whiz, but it wasn't bad. I liked my boyfriend's traditional cheese steak better than the pizza one, the sauce was a little too much for me. 
If I am in Philly again in the near future, I would definetly return!I'm so disappointed right now. I am a regular at Philips. I religiously eat Philips. I choose Philips over Pats, Genos, Tony Luke's, and any other corner store or pizzeria that sells cheesesteak. I eat here when I'm sober, and especially when I'm drunk.
So I just ordered a cheesesteak, half wiz half provolone. 
I told her I wanted half of it to have wiz and the other half to have provolone. 
I'm not sure where the communication fell apart, but I only received the cheesesteak with provolone on one side and the other side with no cheese. My girlfriend called back to make them aware of what happened and she told me they would cook us a new one, which I thought was fair. Unfortunately, we were already on 95 north to NE so I figure it would make more sense if I called back to just redeem it a different day. The lady I served picked up and told me she couldn't cook me a new one. I would have to come back and get more wiz if I wanted one. She said it was my fault. She repeated what I wanted... Asking if I wanted cheese on both side or something. To be honest, I'm not sure what she asked me, but regardless of her argument... It was clear that I said half provolone half wiz.
Where's the wiz?
I'm not petty. I'm not anal. I'm not the type to hold grudges. But if the one thing I cannot stand is when I'm being blamed for someone else's
Mistake... Especially when it's the person blaming me.
Great customer service!
Time to start going to Pats.South Philly Cheesesteak is yummy-yummy here, if you can drive to the end of South Philadelphia's Passyunk Avenue. I often forget this place is here because it kind of away from everything else. But if you want convenient pick up a great fast food place, swing by here off of 76 east and exit Passyunk Avenue. Please pick up my favorites here: chicken mushroom cheesesteak, cheese fries and a cherry coke for me too, thanks! ;-PBy far my favorite sandwich/steak shop in Philly.  They're friendly, upbeat, fast, with no attitude about how one is supposed to order.  The bread is always fresh and the burgers are made to order, which I think is the only way to go. I rarely get cheesesteak, but I'm told by my friend that they're equally tasty, and not overly greasy.  The roast pork with broccoli rabe is also top notch.  Convenient to the expressway with a small parking lot, this is a great late night stop!steak had fat, and gave me bubble gutsIf you have the chance to get some sloppy food after a great night out with friends, this is the place to be. Do not believe the hype of a Pat's or Gino's. This is the place to be, might get busy but the servers cook good and quick to keep the lines rolling.
good enough amount of steak, great amount of whiz and if you like to get a steak WIT you will be happy with what they serve. The roll might even be the best part!I'm a Philly native and always go to Dalessandro's, but living in south philly, I wasn't in the mood to drive there. I decided to branch out and try Philip's and was wildly disappointed. I must give them credit for using real cheese whiz, but the roll was chewy and small for the price. Just go to Dalessandro's.The best there is. Philips beats them all. The pizza provolone with is unbelievably great.  I now live in San Diego but a steak at Philips is a must anytime I visit Philly.Awesome cheesesteak, not chopped steak but big full slices. The rolls are perfect, nice and soft with a good chewy crust that won't fall apart on you. That hot sauce is amazing, especially when its cold out and it thickens up. I can't have too much without regretting it later but I can't have a cheesesteak without it. The fries are nothing amazing but with whiz are the perfect compliment to a good spicy cheesesteak. They're open 24 hours a day so that means around 4 or 5 when I leave the bars I've got a good cheesesteak waiting for me period, end of story. Even the one time I got there and they were cleaning the grill their roast pork is damn good to boot. Phillips is a standard, good cheesesteaks no matter the time of night or day.Ordered 2 steak sandwiches.American cheese steak, chopped w/ fried onions. Gut the roll. Sandwich was exactly as ordered. Ordered an Old fashion cheese steak HOT. Chopped and gut the roll. Sandwich received, cheese steak,  tomatoes not fried, no oregano and cheese was not melted.Had to remake the sandwich correctly at home. No hots. Think they should all put down the cell phones in there while working..This is my dads fav cheesesteak place and I used to love in S Philly so I've been here a lot. Today was my first time in months (maybe a year) and it was delicious. My steak had wiz AND American and fried onions and it was just awesome. I love the hot peppers they offer outside. 
Don't forget to stop down at the other window and order some pizza rolls. You can thank me later!Was hoping for a good 24-hour cheesesteak place in the South West.  This ain't it.
- There was no line, but I still had to wait a while for someone to stick their head out the window, even after making eye contact with me.
- Got my order wrong
- Very little meat, and meat was pretty chewy.
- Roll was pretty good
- Fries (regular) were OK, but not worth $3.50.
Might go back if I was drunk enough, but otherwise I'm sticking to Pats for late-night steak.  Maybe the pork is better?  Probably won't find out.I've never had a cheesesteak that hurt my jaw eating it as the steak was chewy, the roll stale, the whiz hardly melted, and the onions undercooked. 
Blind, deaf inmates could of cooked a better steak. Waste of $10 but hey, at least the ketchup dispenser was clean. Maybe that was a sign of avoidance.Stopped on the way to Allentown from the Airport in Philly.  Pretty darn good!  Sure beats the Philly's Best out in the OC.I got my hopes a little high with this cheese wiz without.  Ordered one and woofed it down in the parking lot.  After trying it's competition (ginos, pats and jims), I'm thinking phils needs to step it up a little.  The steak tasted a little bland and i thought there wasn't enough cheese put on.  I'm glad i tried it but i'm movin onto the next hoagie joint.Gave it another chance. The dude who Cooked it touched the raw beef... Then my bread.  #noglovesFor the past few years I've been trying as many Philly steak places I can get to over the summer months.  I live way out in the 'burbs and ride a bike to the city to try steaks.  Philip's has to be in the top 5 that I've had over the past couple of years.  They're kind of out of the way in south Philly, not in center city, but definitely worth the trek.
I usually get Whiz for the cheese, 'witout' onions.  The meat is cut just right for my preference, not chopped too small, about bite sized.  The rolls have a nice texture, firm but not too chewy.  I try to get here at least once or twice a year.  Parking is also very easy - they even have a few of their own spaces!  And not too many tourists.Phillips is by far the better option for a cheesesteak on Passyunk.... Its not near any of the people watching or shopping spots in town, unless you're gonna people watch in BJ's or the Dollar Tree around the corner. But its worth the drive since the steaks are made when you order them. Not just sitting on a grill waiting to be bought. I love that they have great fries that are dropped per order also. Can't figure out why you have to pay for and pickup your fries and drinks from a separate window than where you order your sandwich, but its a minor inconvenience. When my wife and kids want to cross the bridge for a cheesesteak, Phillips is the place they ask for. Great food, and no attention seeking owners with over inflated egos there.I decided to try both Pat's and Philip's to settle this dispute. I got to say... after eating at Philip's at noon with the lunch crowd, this place deserves a higher rating.
Here why I now think Philip's has the best cheesesteak in Philly (aka why I prefer Philip's over Pat's):
+Pricing: You save $1.75 at Philip's. A cheesesteak with onions an cheese whiz goes for $9.50 at Pat's, while it is only $7.75 at Philip's.
+Staff is a lot friendlier at Philip's. Plus, the guy that works the cash register is pretty cute ;p
+Cheese whiz isn't overly salted at Philip's. Although Philip's cheese whiz is runny, it is nicely paired with a thick roll (and a few napkins) to slop up all dat cheese whiz. 
+After I eat a cheesesteak at Philip's, my stomach isn't filled with a deep pit of sorrow where all diet dreams go to die - like at Pat's. Pat's cheesesteaks are a heavier, and I left with a food coma.
For me, I felt like the meat and rolls were comparable, and it really came down to the cheese whiz. Philip's cheesesteaks are a bit runny with a bit a cheese whiz leaking out, but I'm willing to deal with the mess for this AMAZING cheesesteak.Yummmmmmmmmm! I'm mean, seriously, who doesn't like cheese? If you're not allergic or intolerant, and you're not on a diet or worried about your arteries, then THIS is the place for you. Not for the lighter appetites. Go wiz or go home. Mushrooms too.South Philly ignorance at its finest. Thisa place has killer steaks. Full of Flavor. However I saw them lose a customer for life the other day; and they spoke english..I had no clue Philips even existed. I honestly thought my cousin was making it up when she suggested going there compared to our usual spot. Would go again and again.... This is the go to philly cheese steak place.One of the best cheesesteaks I've had in philly. I used to be all about Genos and Pats, but once I had Phillips, I was hooked. 
I like how they have different stuff to put In your cheesesteak. For example, I love a cheesesteak w/fried onion, lettuce, tomato, extra mayo. Genos and Pats won't do that. 
The cheesesteaks are delicious! The service is friendly! And it's open 24 hours!Came in Friday night at like 4:30 AM after a long night of drinking and the cheesesteak hit the spot.. Maybe because I was pretty wasted but it was still really good. The hot sauce is spicy but makes the steak. They're not the best I've ever had but they're still damn good.
They cook every cheesesteak to order which I appreciated. The employees were very friendly and down to earth.
I had the mushroom cheesesteak with fried onions. The cheesesteak itself isn't cut up too fine it's actually real pieces of steak.
Really solid cheesesteak for about 9 bucks. I'll deff be back.
Plus they're nicer than the people at GenosPhilip's Steaks aka Phil's is the #1 cheesesteak spot in all of Philadelphia. Forget those over priced tourist traps this is the spot you want to go to taste authentic Philadelphia and also enjoy the best in the city. 
I recommend steak with double cheese American and provolone with fried onions and mushrooms. That is the way to go. 
Then add a cherry coke, cheese fries and you cannot forget about the pizza rolls. Always grab a couple of those for the drive home. 
Second recommendation they also have the best cheesesteak hoagie in town. Lettuce, tomato, mayo, raw onion and American that is the way to go guys believe me.When doing bar crawls in Philly, nothing quite hits the spot when you're tipsy more than a greasy ass cheesesteak. My mushroom cheesesteak and fries did exactly that.  I don't really remember anything about it that would make want to rush back here over the vast amounts of other cheesesteak places, but I do remember scarfing that thing down and passing out after a long night out on the town.  Ahh ... I always have such good memories when I vist Philly!So like everyone else's list when the visit Philly mine went something like this: 
See the birthplace of our Country: check 
See the Phillies play: check 
Have a real philly cheese steak: check x3 
So everyone said that we had to visit Pats and Genos. I decided to add a dark horse into the debate Philips. 
Boy was I glad that I did. This was our first stop and the best stop!. 
Here is the lowdown: 
I had a plain jane cheese steak with (that's Philly talk for with onions) 
It was 100% AWESOME. The Perfect meat to bun ratio. Quality steak and full of flavor. 
So my answer to the great cheesesteak debate? Philips
The only downside is its seems to be in a rough part of town. However on the flipside of that, there were no long ass lines full of tourists. 
Another quick tip the GPS lies when you are trying to drive from Philips to the other 2 cheese steak joints. Yes, they are on the same street but it was a little journey trying to get there.We visited my sister-n-law, who is a life long resident of Philly. She has heard of Phillips, but has never been there.
 We have visited all the local Cheese Steak tourist traps(you know who they are) in the past and were looking for a change. 
I must say.... Phillips was very,very good, if not great. It was busy with not much of a wait.
 I was very proud of myself for ordering correctly (the Philly way), I had Mushroom cheesesteak wiz with.  We ate at the standing stainless steel table for the experience
You are missing out if you at least do not give this a try...and next time we are in town, I am going back
PS. My Sister-n-law is now looking forward to taking here friends there for the experience...230 AM Sunday morning. My friends and I were out and about to get steaks. Considering the timeframe, knowing we'd missed Steve's Prince, we chose Philips. It was blistering cold outside and a small line that moved as slow as molasses. I got a cheesesteak whiz, cheese fries. Fair price.Got back into the car, ate the steak. Flavorless, and actually real weak from all perspectives of steaks101- the roll was weak, the cheese was slapped on the roll and didn't penetrate the meat whatsoever, and the cheese had no flavor whatsoever... I almost am convinced they just put half and half of my steak. and my fries (which were the uncrispy diner style fries everyone else has) I am loyal to Johns, but still would put almost every major place (Tony Luke, Pats, Genos, Steves, Jims, Johns Roast Pork, etc) streaming miles ahead of this.One of these days I need to get around to making a best cheesesteak list in the mean time let's take a look at what I have to say about Philips. Start off with the fact that they are open 24 hours and it is very easy to find parking, then add a solid menu of offerings at great prices and a friendly staff with just the right amount of attytude and you have the ingredients for a winning recipe. listen to me, I don't have my list ready but when I do, this place will be in the top 3.This establishment is very racist and purely unprofessional! I've even contacted and sent L&I to their business due to horrible and very unsanitary food handling practices.Best place in the city for a steak.  Usually go before or after Phillies games.  Cooked to order meat is always juicy, I love the place, never too crowded but always steady.  Do yourself a favor an try it. They have easy parking too!I'm so disappointed right now. I am a regular at Philips. I religiously eat Philips. I choose Philips over Pats, Genos, Tony Luke's, and any other corner store or pizzeria that sells cheesesteak. I eat here when I'm sober, and especially when I'm drunk.
So I just ordered a cheesesteak, half wiz half provolone. 
I told her I wanted half of it to have wiz and the other half to have provolone. 
I'm not sure where the communication fell apart, but I only received the cheesesteak with provolone on one side and the other side with no cheese. My girlfriend called back to make them aware of what happened and she told me they would cook us a new one, which I thought was fair. Unfortunately, we were already on 95 north to NE so I figure it would make more sense if I called back to just redeem it a different day. The lady I served picked up and told me she couldn't cook me a new one. I would have to come back and get more wiz if I wanted one. She said it was my fault. She repeated what I wanted... Asking if I wanted cheese on both side or something. To be honest, I'm not sure what she asked me, but regardless of her argument... It was clear that I said half provolone half wiz.
Where's the wiz?
I'm not petty. I'm not anal. I'm not the type to hold grudges. But if the one thing I cannot stand is when I'm being blamed for someone else's
Mistake... Especially when it's the person blaming me.
Great customer service!
Time to start going to Pats.Went here after reading reviews on yelp and talking to some of the locals on how Pat's and Geno's have gone a little commercial, we wanted to try a real deal Philadelphia steak.
If I were brutally honest, I wasn't that impressed. I had the mushroom cheese steak with provolone.  The smell was delicious, and the meat was slightly higher than pat/genos, but I was overwhelmingly seasoned.  I think that it was because they expected the cheesewiz to add enough salt, but they should have compensated for the provolone lovers out there.  And on the flip side, their peppers were overly salted...
I know I just sound super fixated on salt, but it really really makes a difference. 
I do have to say the service was cool and friendly, and very patient while I was trying to figure out 6 orders.Not sure about the customer service or prices, but, my dad brought some home for dinner last night. Had a cheesesteak  (whiz) with fried onions. Pretty good, though, I noticed the sandwich seemed a little thin. Like just the width of the roll even. I'm not a big eater to begin with, but, can see  that would bother some people. Star back for their hot sauce. Good amount of heat. Would love to know what brand they use.
Note: the 10 AM-midnight is their delivery hours!I picked this place only because it is closer to where I was in South Philly. We ordered one cheese steak, one Italian hoagie, and one french fry.  Very little meat found in the Cheese steaks sandwich and hoagie. I could get a better hoagie at lower price at any Subways or Wawa store. Any McDonald's franchise store will make a better food than their $4 french fries. This is an overrated store by more than two stars.My first time.  Now I'm a fan!  By far the best I've had.  Far better than Pat's, my personal opinion.I'm so dissatisfied and disappointed. I usually enjoy Phil's and my husband does even more. Tonight I went and got 2 steaks and 1 order of fries. So after $22, the intoxicating aroma was enough to sell me and then I opened the wrapper and saw like 2-3 pieces of meat scattered around a roll, 1 slice of cheese cut into 2 on each sandwich. So after giving up on the cheesesteak, I tried my fries and they were so bland. No salt and just not enjoyable. I won't be back.This was absolutely the worst steak I jus got nothing but all fat on the steak wasn't completely cooked took a bite and got really sick in my stomach. Two other people got a steak as well one tolerated it an ate it the other spit it out and didn't eat it was jus like the steak I got and two order of fries jus thrown in the bag not even in the container and wrapped up like it should be had to sort it out when I took it out the bag. WASTE OF 30.00.Good,fresh and hot. Decent price. Will make it a must every time were working in the area.I would say this is about equivalent to a Pats type quality cheesesteak. The ssandwich is about average. They leave the meat as is (not too much chopping on grill) and do not leave the meat grinded too much. Toppings are subpar. The sub is kinda greasy too like Pats which I am not a fan of. Overall it is not bad. It is average for a cheesesteak in phillyGood quality, fast, and efficient cheesesteaks.  Reasonable prices....just as it should beSo I usually wait several hours or more before I write a review of a place just to make sure my stomach is okay with it (that way if its NOT I can let ya'll know and you can stay away). 
That being said, STAY AWAY. I should have known a hole in the wall place like this would make me sick. 
Upon eating the cheesesteak I felt like it was pretty greasy (which is typical) BUT this place had a weird grease taste? Almost like the taste of them not cleaning the grill for awhile...Its kinda weird but as I was eating the steak, the meat reminded me of a taste of beef I had at a greasy Chinese place... I should have stopped eating it at that moment (I wanted too but was too hungry) PLUS this place is expensive!! And why?!? Its in a gross part of philly and the taste is not up to par.
I will NOT be returning here.I had been wanting to try this place for a while, given its off the beaten path location and nostalgic look.  But Philip's just reinforces my opinion that the cheesesteak is an inferior sandwich.  I paid $9 for a mediocre sandwich that I put down in 3 minutes.  I also ordered the pizza "rolls" for $4.  It was one pizza egg roll that I could've gotten at a hole in the wall Chinese joint for $1.50.  This place has nothing going for it.  If it was open til 4am I would give it an additional drunken star. But it closes at midnight!  Fug dat!One of the best cheese steaks in Philadelphia. A bit of a hike from downtown, not like Pat and Gino's isn't, and I'm no local, but I think it's better than those two. You get the cheese steaks from one window and the fries, drinks, and other stuff from the other. I like the vinegar fries.I was driving up Passyunk after running some errands and saw this place on the corner with a short line.  It looked authentic--two windows, buckets of hot sauce and peppers, stainless steel counter to assume the position, the whole shebang--so I decided to give it a try.
I got a provolone with.  No fancy greens or sharp cheese here.  As another reviewer mentioned, the steak is not chopped like Delassandro's but isn't exactly whole slices either.
It was a solid sandwich, constructed with good (not great) bread, decent quality meat, and prepared fast and fresh.  I'm not ready to switch allegiance from Steve's Prince of Steaks or John's, but an above average steak for sure.horrible location, horrible service, horrible steaks. id rather spend my hard earned money at one of the tourist traps then go back here. be warnedThee Worst Cheesteak I ever had!  I realize this is subjective and my opinion only.  One thing that made it so bad to me is that they don't chop up the meat.  They served me thick slices of meat w/gristle on a steak roll.  It looked like a greasy brown labia.  Too tough and chewy, two bites in and I was done!  Needless to say, I won't be going back.- open 24 hours so i'm happy
- went on the recommendation of cab driver, the uber gods shined on me, that day
- my favorite chicken cheesesteak in townI can take it or leave it. This place has been around for a very long time and has its loyal supporters just like any steak shop. I unfortunately got a steak that had a lot of fat and was stringy. I'm willing to give this place another shot bit for now I can only give them 3 stars.Stick to the menu cheesesteaks great I got a sausage and peppers and onions I don't even think this is sausageIt looks gross from the outside- but seriously don't mind the look. Their steaks are tops in the city. It's an authentic Philly steak with wiz. No poser steak, this is for real. Go here if ur looking for a REAL Philly cheesesteak. It is the same if not better than pats and ginos without the line and unfriendly counter men.The best cheesesteaks in Philly!  The service is top notch. This place is my go to spot anytime I am heading to or back from an event in the Philadelphia area. Their cheese fries are pretty tasty as well. I recommend getting a cheesesteak with both wiz and American cheeses. You won't be disappointed!I've had many cheesesteaks but not one compared to this one.    The meat melted in my mouth!   Way better than the tourist traps a few miles away.   
Fries could have stayed in the fryer a tad longer
Roll.   5 stars
Steak 5 stars
Cheese 5 stars
Fries 4 stars
Don't be swayed by what the place looks like.   It's clean and I'd much rather see a place invest more in their product than in their advertising!
UPDATE 3/12/14
visited Philip's a second time
this time a different guy was working the grill.  The larger guy was working the fries.  Again the fries were slightly under done (for my liking) but the steak was over done and lost its ability to melt in my mouth (took some effort to chew it up)
I guess I'll have 2 go one more time before I cross it off my list.  I drove 30 minutes for this cheesesteak and it wasn't worth it this time.
roll 5 stars
steak 3 stars
cheese 5 stars
fries 3 starsDefinitely one of my favorite cheesesteak spot in Philadelpia. Always hot, fresh and delicious. I live nearby so it's so convenient to come here whenever I have a craving or hungry from a late night out. This is a must try, puts the traditional places to go to shame.Was not got at all. Even after a long night of drinking at 4am still not good. Do not waste your money. Also waited an hour for the food.It's infrequent that I break from the norm. But I'm eager to do so when at Philip's.
When I say the norm, I mean wiz with. It's the standard, used to judge all cheesesteak places. 
That being said, I must encourage you to try something a little different here. 'The Old Fashioned'-- steak with sharp prov, tomatoes, oregano, peppers (hot or sweet) and onions if you choose. A lot of things going on at once, but it's worth it. 
Their regular steak is no slacker either. I have it in my top ten in the city.They got my order wrong which is to say they left mushrooms and onions off a very simple order. The hoagie was dry and bland. Will not be returning.The steak tasted so clean and full of flavor. Usually when I get cheesesteaks with onions they give a lot of onions and the onions have amazing flavor it's rich with goodness. Honestly this place is amazing and underrated it. I love coming here and if you want a good steak. For the tourist checking out the place order a onion steak WIT WHIZ and don't say WITH make sure you say WIT it's a Philadelphia thing.If you like veggies this review could be for you!  It's not on the menu but they can hook up a mean veggie hoagie. Lettuce tomatoes, mushrooms, peppers, and onions. The employees were mad cool about it and very friendly. Didn't see any benches to sit and eat these steaks so seems like more of a take out spot. Come early if ordering late at night, that line can get pretty long!Just ordered an old world with/ long hots h provolone -- best steak I had in years. Thank you Philips!Very good but I think I ordered wrong- "steak wiz".  Next time I'm going with "old fashioned with provolone"...This corner spot on West Passayunk makes a pretty damn good cheesesteak. The steak slices was very intact, just tossed around on the grill instead of being chopped up, before being stuffed into a perfect roll. Price was good, service was friendly for South Philly., and eating the cheesesteak at a standing, outdoor line facing Passayunk made the meal just a little better.
Man, I love this city.Great, vintage Philly cheesesteak! The staff is very nice, and the food is great. Make sure you order your fries and drink at the second window, because the first is only for cheesesteaks. Love it.I wish I could give it NO STARS! I'm from PHILLY, and this is the absolute worse cheesesteak I've had in my 52 years! They don't even season it, let alone chop the meat! And the service is the absolute worst. They talked to my wife so rudely, I wouldn't have blamed her if she just walked out. Then I have to eat this mess! Needs to be out of business real soon!The moment I landed in Philadelphia, my cousin took me straight here to Philip's Steaks for a Philly Cheesesteak! I was informed that all the popular places like Geno's, Pat's, & Tony Luke's was a bit hyped up.
This place is located across a 7-11 and on a scary looking street lol SERIOUSLY. well to me, it seemed scary, I don't know the area & plus it was about 11PM when we got there. OH and how awesome is this place to be opened 24 hours!? This would be a great place to go to after a night of drinking ;]
So I arrived, the place isn't flashy at all. You make your order at the window. The workers were very nice & friendly! :) I wasn't sure on what to order so my cousin ordered me a "whiz with" I wasn't sure what whiz what, then I found out its CHEESE WHIZ! lol YUm
My Philly cheesesteak came with whiz and grilled onions. Like everyone said, the bread/meat/cheese/onion ratio was perfectly proportioned :) 
The verdict: it was DELICIOUS! melts in your mouth & very juicy. YUMMM I finished the entire thing within 10 minutes! To be honest, I dont eat cheesesteaks but I liked it so much that before heading back home to California, at 3am, I stopped by to pick some up to bring back home ;) 
Oh yeah, I believe this place is CASH ONLY!Cheesesteak wise it was not bad at all but but didn't blow my mind.  Their hot sauce was great though (I like it spicy) and the fries had a healthy serving of whiz.It gets the job done and then some! Way better than those commercialized cheesesteak companies tourists go to. This is the one south philly people go to. It has the perfectly melted cheese and the steak tastes juicy. I usually just get cheese whiz and fried onions. There wasn't a line either both times I went. It tastes better freshly made so don't bother saving it for more than a half hour. There's no seating, only standing tables. Plus side. There's a parking lot for Philip's.This is my first stop when I land in Philly! And my last stop before I head to the airport!
Cheesesteak with onions and American cheese! Always good, every time!
The earlier in the day you go the better the bread is, but it's never bad! 
This is one of the lesser known steak spots, but also one of the best!Good alternative to the other major players in the cheesesteak game. This is my go to place when I need a steak. Never crowded and service is good. The chicken steaks are good as well. The cheese fries are a must are better than Tony Luke'sBest cheesesteak place in the city, mainly because they are open 24/7. Just got out of the club/bar at 2am? This is exactly where you wanna be. Try the Italian Sweet Pepper cheesesteak with provolone cheese!Solid option when you don't want to deal with south street or passyunk traffic....plus I just think they're better then the Las Vegasesqueness of Geno vs Pats battle royaleHands down the best cheese steaks EVER!! You won't be disappointed. MUST PAY IN CASH
What are you waiting for, go get yours today!It was okay. Steak was delicious. On a hot day with outside seating, ice in your drink isn't standard. No refills available.The place is not very far from the centre off all the tourist places , but one of the best Phili steak places .. The staff is helpful and a very casual place .. You can even make the sandwich as spicy as you want , the chili is amazing and halepeno  are just to die for .. The place is nothing very fancy but food compensates for everythingOrdered a pizza steak and an American cheese steak. 2nd review! Last time was in Jan.2017.
Sorry to say but nothing has changed. Chewy, grisly,steaks. This guy cooking SUCKS. Could not tell the difference between a plain cheese steak from a Pizza steak. That says it all. Where is the lady that used to cook there? Her steaks were Awesome! Must be under new ownership. Won't be going back there again.First of all talking about cheesecakes of pork sandwiches in Philly is like discussing religion or politics. Everybody is a unique point of view and they think that they are absolutely correct.
So with that in mind here's my opinion. Phillips is definitely one of the better houses in Philly for pork or cheesesteak sandwiches. While I wouldn't put them at the top of the list they are far from the bottom. 
When it comes to pulled pork Paisano's Italian style and Tony Luke's are two of my favorite - these guys come in third to them. One of the main reasons being they don't offer broccoli rabe. 
Cheese sticks are good -but I would put them on par with some of the better places in the burbs. I like burb' cheesesteaks better than the traditional places on passyunk- like I said it's all what you grow up with. 
All in all good place - reasonably priced and convenient .dI usually go here when I visit my sister. They make really good steak and they are very fast. However on the weekends it gets to be pretty busy. The guys there are awesome nice people very polite. I think I like them better than Genos!When friends or relatives visit from out of town, I always take them to Phil's.  It's much closer to me than tourist traps Geno's or Pat's and the steaks are better.  My usual order is Mushroom, American, Wiz, without. messy and delicious.  They also have great Pizza steaks.  The staff is the friendliest of any steak joint in the city and they also have pizza rolls which are incredible. (think egg roll except with pizza inside. yum).  The best cheesesteak i've ever had was served to me by Duckie the former Phil's cook.  Miss you DuckMy go-to cheesesteak place. 
I always leave Philip's with a happy and full tummy, and also somehow have a little bit of my cheestesteak left over (of course it's not the same coming out of my microwave the next day). The cheese fries are tasty and Philip's has birch beer, yays.Awesome chicken cheesesteaks!  Nothing memorable from outside but the food was awesome!Of all the cheesesteak places here, I find Philips to be the best.  Would recommend to anyone.That was a really great authentic cheesesteak recommended to me by a philly local. I zipped up from Citizen Bank Ballpark and was in and out and back in my seat with a hot, juicy Old Fashion cheesesteak in under 30 minutes. Will definitely go back next time I'm in townAs a Philly native, I thought I would fight anyone tooth and nail if they said genos was better than pats. Now I'm a Philip's fan all the way. It's not always gauaranteed quality with the staples we all know. But this place, everything was pure perfection without the lines and BS of it being "THE PHILLY CHEESESTEAK" joint. so unassuming the location and dimly lit yellow florescent lighting that lets you know, this place is place. Keep the wiz flowing guysPlace is the real deal. Not a tourist trap and further more they dont have mountains of stack on the grill. everything is freshly grilled. Also everyone seems to love the pizza rolls so good. Just a tip though I would be careful of the hot sauce it is very very hot almost can ruin a great steak.
Thanks 
Phil!Finally got the chance to stop during the day and enjoy my steak.  Love this place.  I'm new to Yelp and so glad I can finally tell people how I feel about places it eat.  Sorry Pat's and Gieno's this place beats you hands down...  can't wait till next night work to stop and grab dinner on the run...I'm just going to get straight to the point. The steaks were awful. Maybe we went during a bad time but they weren't as delicious as everyone said.  My father and I ordered the mushroom steak and my mother ordered the chicken steak. My steak had more fat on it than meat, highly disappointed! My mother barely ate her steak. We will never eat here again...waste of money.When one asks which spot makes the best cheesesteak in Philly, one must also ask whether they like their meat sliced or chopped. I prefer my meat sliced as it preserves flavor and moisture so Philips, Genos, Steves prince, Joes aka Chinks all rank higher than the likes of Jims etc which serve the chopped variety. 
When executed properly, Philips is top 5 in the city and I consider myself of a cheesesteak connoisseur who have tried pretty much every location in the city and have developed my own unofficial ranking system. Philips produces an excellent balance between all the major ingredients all equally important (roll, steak, cheese, onions). I have deducted one star for consistency. I've had this steak approx 4 times including the cheesesteak festival and at times, the meat can be overcooked and the flavors and texture all blend together instead of standing out.I had the old fashioned and my friend had steak, mushroom, provolone, and sweet peppers. We were both very impressed with our choices. This place is cash only, which is why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5. Luckily my friend had enough to cover my order.Philip's is definitely my favorite cheesesteak spot in the city. What it makes it better is that I can conveniently walk there from my house. If I could recommend something, it would be for the fries to be more consistent. I personally love French fries and yes, they can be ruined even though they're just sliced and fried potato sticks. Sometimes the fries here are fat like the ones you get in elementary school. They're not crispy, they get soggy easily, and turn into mush. Other days the fries are the crispy, golden shoe string fries that are absolutely perfect. Today I got the elementary fries and I was really hoping and praying that they were the shoe strings. My cheesesteak was good, but the side accompanying it was meh. #keeptheskinnyfriesI have had cheesesteaks EVERY WHERE in the city!! I have lived in Philadelphia for over 30 years. Today I went to Phillips to try something new,  to my surprise I am sure the served me the best tasting Cheese Steak I EVER had. It was called an"oldfashion" It was A Cheese steak with long hots fried onions provolone cheese and fresh sliced tomato's  YUM YUM YUMAwesome atmosphere.  Stand up by the outdoor counter and enjoy!  Make sure to get the cheese whiz it's so much better with the whiz!  Great friesFood is good and they open 24/7 staff is really cool and they pretty fast , just remember they take cash only.This Cheesesteak stand is freaking awesome. Friendliest service you'll find in South Philly. And they're always open. Even on Thanksgiving. Wow! Love this place.A little pricey but SOO worth it. I've lived in philly all my life and definitely the best I've ever had.Clearly the best. Philip's is the best steak in Philly. I'm a little hesitant about even writing this review as I don't want the secret of us who truly know the pure magic that is Philip's getting out. The best cheesesteak in the city, great fries, birch beer, fast service etc....THATS AVAILABLE 24 HOURS A DAY, 7 DAYS A WEEK. As a born and bred Philadelphian who moved out of state a couple years ago, it's my first stop on the way home from the airport. Can't wait til I'm back home for thanksgiving.best cheesesteak in philly. 
eating area rules. it has a special ambiance and atmosphere like no other.
big ups to the nuggets and fries, and they've got cherry coke on tap, kids.Steaks are good when the right person makes them!  Seems like the last few months has been very little meat go $9,75. I stood there and watched another customer with s full sandwich while the 3 That I purchased had hardly nothing on them.  Save your money and go to Pat's , Gino's ,Ricks, anywhere that has consistency. This place does not, Second time I had to return steaks there. I don't know if they just hook up there friends or what but it's ridiculous and I'm done!!!I haven't been there in a year... got 5 to go with American. .. and two with.  Awesome cheesesteak!Amber Rose made me try this place. I'm sorry to say but Philips has Pats beat. But neither place is the King of steaks.If you want to eat the best cheesesteak in philly, come to Phillips. If you want a mediocre tourist spot  then this is not the place for you but Phillips steaks is a land slide better than geno"s and pats. Do yourself a favor and avoid the places everyone has heard and go to this gem!Delicious! One of the best ones we've had yet. This would definitely be our spot if we lived close.This is not the place for tourists, it's the real deal! The beef was done perfectly, the roll was moist and warm, the cheese perfectly melted. I had the vinegar fries, they were good, but could have been cooked just a little more. I came from Portland Oregon for this cheese steak sandwich and I'd do it again in a heart beat!  Chef Barbie drove 100 miles an hour to get me there, what a ride, what a cheesesteak!!!!!Late night came from picking up a friend at the airport, we were hungry as hell so we stopped by on a cold cold night. the line wasn't too short but we got our orders in and out. the steaks.. great ! nice and hot with a side of onion rings and fries which i wasn't really a fan of but the steaks made up for it.pretty good if you ask me, and i don't have to wait in a silly line and make sure i order correctly like them other joints. be careful of the pigeons tho, they might want to fight you for a piece of your sandwich or fries.Ya know, you want to try all cheese steak places, to really see if Pats is the best.
I do concede that on some days, Pats is "not on their game" and Geno's is better...
But a good "C minus" steak from one of these two places is usually better than any place that is on their "A game".
Sorry for that dissertation... and now Philip's Steaks.  I was really hoping I found something here...I was asking my self "why did I never hear of this place?".
Well the answer might be that it is just average.  It is not bad, but not excellent.  If your in the Passyunk area...try it...maybe they will be "on their game that day".I'll admit, I'm more of a chopped-steak guy. However, after living in the Philly area my entire life, I've built up some cheesesteak gusto. My friends and I grabbed some steaks from Philip's a few nights ago before watching the Warriors - Cavs game. I got my typical "wiz wit", while my brother got a provolone without, and my friend got a provolone with. After eating our steaks, we all concurred that they were just average. The steak was mildly flavored, but nothing that set it apart. Wiz was plentiful, yet the bread just didn't have that classic Amaroso flavor. Again...just an average steak.Stopped by at night before they closed- 
Steak - cheese wiz - hot peppers
The steak was very good and had a good amount of heat
$9.75 per sandwich
My favorite out of all the philly spotsI'm not going to make this a lengthy post.   I ordered the mushroom/onion with provolone.  The cheesesteak was was just average and the main reason why was the meat lacked flavor.  
I was fortunate to have a few salt packages in my glove compartment for emergencies like this.  Actually they are in my car for when I eat hard boiled eggs en route to work.  
I did like the hot peppers you could grab on your own which I did while waiting for my sandwich although regret not grabbing more to put on my sandwich. 
Next time in Philly, will be trying a new cheesesteak joint.This place used to be great. I had a cheesesteak from here last night after not being here for a couple of years. They got really stingy with the meat and the sandwich was just mostly bread. We got a couple with wiz and you can barely taste the cheese. The cheesesteak here is too overpriced for that to be acceptable. If you want to pay $10 for bread, tough meat and stingy amounts of cheese and onions this is the place for you. I've had better cheaper cheesesteaks at pizza places in the burbs.Awesome cheestesteaks. It is not chopped! This place makes great steak. You have to eat it with the hot peppers and there hot sauce!This place is a winner. Food is great, lines are quick, and staff is friendly. Great spot to avoid tourists that plug up the late night lines at pat and genos. Staff is south Philly cool and don't have the "I don't need your business because I'm a hot Philly cheesesteak" joint.Philip's absolutely rocks. Fast and friendly service at ANY time of day or night, these guys are my go to stop when my business closes at 2am. I probably stop here on the way home more than I should, but their cheesesteaks are one of the best in the city hands down. 24/7 awesomeness, get some!My go to spot when I want that REAL REAL PHILLY CHEESESTEAK! Banging yo!!! Get a wiz wit' and stop by the other window and get an order of cheese fries and an order cherry coke. Keep up the good work guyssss!Best steaks in the city as far as I'm concerned....meaning better than Jim's, Geno's, Pat's. Sonny's old city is a close second and gooey louie's is not bad either. Anyway The cut of meat they use is perfect...just the right amount of fat to get flavor but not too much gristle. Also, the fact that it's a lower volume cheesesteak joint means your steak is more fresh....and there's no line to wait in. I've been coming here for years, all different days of the week and hours of the day. Philip's is winner 99% of the time. The other 1% of the time the rolls are off point which makes it just an OK cheesesteak. Have yet to try any other food there although my friend said the burger wasn't bad. Their cheese fries are fine by me...pretty much your standard cheese fries.My husband was craving a cheesesteak, so we ended up at Philip's since we were in the area.  He got a regular cheesesteak and after inhaling it, said it was just okay.  I took a bite, although I'm not a huge cheesesteak fan, and wasn't too impressed.
I got some pizza rolls, which tasted good at first bite, but several bites later, I was completely grossed out and thought "Why am I eating this?!"  
This place is probably perfect if you're hungover.  I'd go back and try the vinegar fries though.When planning a quick trip down to Philly for a Sox-Phillies game, I consulted with a friend who's a local. Her advice: Get a cheesesteak, but skip Geno's and Pat's. (And frankly, even if she hadn't, the xenophobic crap on Geno's website, schtick or not, meant that I wasn't giving them my money.) Instead, head to Philip's for a real deal Philly cheesesteak. We plugged it into the GPS, and down to Philly we went!
There was no line at either the steaks window or the drinks window, so B got the steaks while I got onion rings and drinks. I got some good natured ribbing from the grill guy for wearing a Red Sox t-shirt, but then he called me cute, so he gets points for that. :-)
The steak was DELICIOUS. The roll was almost like a baguette, still super soft, and held together well. The steak stayed in nice slices, and the onions were tasty and soft. We both got American cheese, and afterwards, B commented that he liked Whiz better, but that pretty much everything else about Philip's was better than a previous trip to Geno's during another visit. Onion rings were hot and fresh, fried right when we ordered. 
Easy to spot with a decent sized lot in the back. It's not in the toniest neighborhood, but in the middle of the afternoon on a beautiful May day, still a great place to enjoy a street side cheesesteak. 
The only drawback for an out of towner is that it's cash only. I was advised of this by my friend, so we were good, but we're usually plastic people, so we would have been in trouble had we not known! (It seems like lots of smaller places were cash only, which was surprising in a big city, but maybe Boston's just more plastic friendly than most?)
Overall, awesome spot to grab an authentic Philly cheesesteak!Traveled an hour just to try a steak cheese sandwich from  Philly!!! It was all that it was hyped up to be.  Will definitely try again if im up this way againThis is my favorite cheesesteak in the city.  The steak is lean and flavorful, the rolls are perfectly chewy, and everything is in the right proportion.  My only quibble is that their cheese whiz isn't that great - it is just not that flavorful.  I love a whiz with onions but here I go whiz and American because the whiz isn't cheesy enough.Good, not great.  Not greasy which is always nice (cf. Tony Luke's).  But not great flavor or anything special about it.  I'll be back I'm sure, but I can't say it's a must have.Great food...better service. Fresh clean friendly place located in the heart of town. Definitely going back.When I take the backroads from Center City to I-95, I drive by this place on Passyunk.  Finally, when the craving struck, I decided to stop in to test out their steaks.  The steak and the roll are virtually in decipherable to Pat's and Geno's.  The sandwich, I estimate is slightly larger than those of Pat's and Geno's, which have, curiously, shrunk in the past years, while the price has increased.  The price of a steak here is a buck cheaper than Pat's and Geno's.  What this place lacks that Pat's and Geno's possess is the omnipresent tourists.  It's a legit, streetside cheesesteak stand, patronized by locals (and those such as me, passing through, on the way to somewhere else), almost exclusively.  That's a huge plus.  The downside is a rather significant one.  The "cheese wiz" (note that I put it in quotes), was virtually tasteless.  I eat "Wiz" on many of my steaks, and the variety at Philip's was horribly subpar in my view.  If they used a more tasteful liquid cheese product (such as the ones used by Pat's and Geno's), the steak would have been an entirely different steak.  I don't mean to come down hard on these guys, I just think that with more tasteful "Wiz," their product would be much better.  One more minus: no public napkin dispensers -- you have to ask for them at the window.  C'mon, guys -- you're serving a product that, by its very nature is very messy.  Give your patrons unlimited napkins!  A final positive note: the hot sauce, I suspect, is homemade and was tasty, without being overly hot.
Just a note: although I've mentioned Pat's and Geno's a number of times in this review, I do so only because I equate this type of steak (meat/roll/restaurant ambiance) to the product offered by those places.  I hardly place Pat's and Geno's as among the best steaks in the region.  Dalessandro's, John's, Jim's and countless others offer far superior products. 
All in all, the place is worth the trip, but could use improvement in the areas that I've highlighted.Another small, outside cheesesteak place, eat in your car on a cold day.  Philips is basically an ordering window and a narrow metal counter.  Oh, they recently put a table out on the sidewalk.  They kinda just plopped Philips down in a weird location, but bestowed upon it the gift of Philly cheesesteaks.  
This is one of the better places to hit for a Philly cheesesteak.  Their Old Fashioned cheesesteak (with Italian long hots and fried tomatoes) is one of my personal favorites.  
They have a few other things on the menu, but who cares?  Philip's is part of our standard cheesesteak rotation.This cheesesteak is second fiddle to Pat's - not that second fiddle is bad, but Pat's (in my opinion) is better.
I ordered a cheesesteak with cheese whiz and grilled onions. The cheese whiz was way too liquidy and completely dripped out of my cheesesteak- which was really unfortunate, because I liked how Philip's cheese whiz isn't too salty. The other con was that that cheese whiz was freakin' hot. Talk about molten lava dripping onto you. Ouch. In regards to the meat, I found it a little frustrating how the meat wasn't completely chopped. Whenever I took a bite, a meat chunk would be hanging out of my mouth. Not a very flattering look.
The overall cheesesteak was really good, though. If the cheese whiz actually stuck to the meat and roll and not onto my legs, Philip's would definitely give Pat's a run for its money.Stumbled upon this place after an emergency run to Home Depot in South Philly and was super impressed! With all the competition between Pat's, Geno's and Jim's (my favorite), I've never even heard of this place in all my years in Philly. 
Philip's is solid. Got the steak with Whiz, mushrooms and onions and it was just perfect. Even on a random Wednesday night at 9pm. Parking is very convenient and service was quick.When in South Philly, this is my top choice for steak sandwiches. I've never had to wait in a long line here, like some of the other prominent steak shops in South Philly, and they make good ones here.
Their facility is nothing fancy. You stand outside and eat here, but it's worth it.
After your meal, I recommend you head over to "Dati's" across the street. They've got really good homemade ice cream. (I haven't tried Dati's water ice yet, but they've got that too.)Being a tourist, I had to get a Cheesesteak, cuz who visits Philly without getting one? Anyways, I had already tried Geno's, Steve's and Philip's. Out of the three, Philip's wins it. I will definitely want to try other places when I get the chance but for now, Philip's has to be the best for me. They make it fresh as you order it, instead of having the steaks pre-cooked. I ordered a Whiz Wit and the cheese was amazing. The onions had so much flavor in them as well. 
I loved the location of it because there is a parking lot, and if you're like me then that really takes a lot of stress off of you looking for a parking spot, especially being a tourist in a big city. No seats but there's a standing area to eat. My order came out quick within 5 minutes and they were very friendly and not as intimidating as other spots.Good steak, just too many other great places to give it a better rating. 
Phillip's is set up similar to Pat's and Geno's with the walk up counter and standing areas to eat. I think the steak's are a very similar style to the places on 9th street too. I have only gotten cheesesteaks there, so can't attest to anything else. 
The best thing is it's not a touristy destination like Pat's and Geno's. 
Very nice option if you're in that area.Decent cheesesteak place open 24/7.  My go-to before and after games.  Sliced, not chopped good ribeye.  Fries are also good.  Def in my top 10 cheesesteaks in Philly list.  Enjoy!Philip's steaks.. only receives 2/5 stars from me. Not because of the food. the cheesesteak I had was good, but nothing spectacular. the biggest complaint I have is that they don't accept debit/credit cards. instead they force you to use the atm with a $2 fee plus my back charges me $3 to use an atm. it's 2016 and businesses still haven't moved on from the cash only business. I feel like it's anti consumer. also the guy taking my order  wasn't the friendliest. He rushed me to give him my order when I wasn't even sure what I truly wanted yet. I'll try this place again because I believe in second chances.I ordered from this location on Uber eats. The wrong food was delivered. I called this location to see how to fix the issue and I was told to call Uber eats and I was hung up on.  So I was charged 9.99 for delivery and was hung up on when I call to see how they needed to fix their mistake. Wow. Bad food and bad customer service.This is hands down the best cheesesteak in Philadelphia. There isn't usually a long line, and that's a good thing. Most people just go to the places everyone talk about, pats/Genos, Jims, etc. but this is a gem! I usually grab a cheesesteak from Philips on my way to the stadium, or after a night out!Tried both the pork sandwich and the cheesesteak. The pork sandwich was a little disappointing. It was dry and needed some mustard or other sauce to give it both moisture and flavor. The cheesesteak, however was awesome! I would go back to Philip's to eat this cheesesteak. It is not exactly in the best neighborhood and is cash only. We came on a holiday weekend during the day and the area still made me want to eat in the car.Almost $10 for a steak but there's barely any meat on it. Wtf is up with that and all the people that rave about this place? It's actually tasty but it's a rip offBest Cheessteaks in Philly. I've been to a few of the top dogs but these guys beat everyone hands down. Don't bother at Pats and Genos.Definitely the goto spot when you're drunk and you don't know any better, steak is dry and overpriced. Fries are bland never seasoned and the guy behind the counter is rude.The best cheesesteak in town!!! I prefer Phillips among the other options..loads of steak smothered in cheese wiz (and they have the absolute best wiz)...yum!Definitely worth the drunken bike ride to this part of the city. Although I always go over board with the hot peppers they have next to the ketchup. It certainly hits the spot at 3 am. I don't know that I have ever been here during normal eating hours, but I will take this over the big names any day (or night).I have been here twice and the place is immaculate !!!
Mushroom steak great
Pizza steak great
Just add a little of there hot sauce and you have a Banging sandwich .
They also have fountain Birch beer .
Open 24 hrsWhere do i begin?! LONG wait time, Chewy steak, hard bread, and the whiz used on the steaks is original whiz but for the fries they use cheap canned blob cheese! Not satisfying at all and a waste of money. Fries were tossed and steak was half eaten; it had alot of fat on it. GO TO STEVE'S STEAKS BEST IN PHILLY!For years I have said that Philip's is the best kept secret in Philadelphia. As of lately, it seems people are finally catching on, and there's a reason why.
Forget about the flash and pizzaz of Pat's or Geno's. Philips two ordering windows (one for sandwiches, one for sides and drinks), orange lights, and stainless steel counter are all you need. The cheesesteaks do the rest. Tasty greasy meat, fresh rolls, and real kraft cheez whiz. None of that fake "cheese sauce" stuff at this place! There's rarely a wait, they employees are nice, and they are open late. What more do you need in a cheesesteak joint? 
Bottom line, whether you're  new to the cheesesteak game, or a cheesesteak pro, check out Philips. They're the best in Philadelphia!"Philip's Steaks"
Philadelphia, PA
since 1983 ... 
I like the hole-in-the-wall atmosphere & the friendly guy at the order-window ...
the sub roll was toasty & tasty, BUT the steak was large chewy slices with a strange taste ...
more bread than meat & stingy on the onions too .... 
11 off-street parking spots is a plus ...
NOT a "Run-A-Way Bill" Favorite and 
... with all the other GREAT philly steak choices, I would not recommend "Philip's Steaks"
#RunAwayBill 
12.31.16Was here last night after the club and man the steak is always goodYou have to order to go or eat at a standing counter outside-- no indoor seating. 
I got the old fashion, which a secret menu item my friend told me about, and split it with someone. The long hots (pickled peppers) in the cheesesteak were way too salty. It had tomato and onions in it too. I got another old fashion without the long hots and it was perfect. The meat was cooked well, still soft and juicy. The provolone cheese was so fresh that it was stretching apart as we were eating it.I waited 29 years for an authentic Philly cheesesteak- and on my 29th birthday I had the real deal! 
I did my research on Philly cheesesteaks before I chose my destination- Philip's seemed to have the best reviews. I went all out- I got a 2 steaks, both with onions, one with wiz and one with American cheese. They were both great, but I liked the wiz better. Bread was awesome, too!
The experience was made complete by the true, loud mouth Philadelphian guys behind the counter lol. They were polite- but I appreciate a loud mouth, being from Jersey.  I'd totally go again!Best cheesesteak in Philly. I usually get provo and wiz with but i've had other variations and Philips is consistently the best cheesesteak around. Forget Genos, Pats and Jims, they are mediocre. Steve's is good, but Philips is the best in the area (thought i'd say it one more time) Oh and one more thing, they're POLITE and COOL people. Unlike the guys at some other places (who i will not name) that have come close to getting smacked in the face with a baguette.After Pat's*, this is my favorite place to go for steaks. It's on Passyunk near entrance to the Schuykill (near the shopping plaza w/ Modell's, DD and ShopRite)-- better than Jim's and Geno's in my opinion. 
*Pat's and Tony Luke's are bout equal, but TL was a good haul from where I lived and I only occasionally made it into that part of South Philly, so Philip's was the second option for me after Pat'sPretty much the same as Pat's.  The best I can say about this cheese steak is that it's average.  If you've been to any of the 'famous' steak joints, this pretty much equals them.  I'm not really a fan, but when you just gotta eat something they should do the job.They don't take cash.
You have to order sandwiches from one window and fries from the other.
AND on a Saturday night, a hamburger takes 15 minutes.
I'll get a cheesesteak else where.I see quite a few reviews where folks didn't even know Philip's ever existed and that's perfectly understandable with the number of cheesesteak options in the city. Personally, I came upon Philip's myself after having seen them on quite a few top 10 lists (being closer to 10 than 1) so we had to check it out for ourselves and see if it was a contender or pretender.
Having been to Pat's, Geno's, Tony Luke's, John's Roast Pork, Jim's, Dalessandro's (and subsequently Campo's Deli and Sonny's) it wasn't going to be hard for us to compare Philip's with what a "good" cheesesteak was. When we arrived, Philip's reminded us of Pat's, but buried in the color red. It didn't sit on a lot of real estate, but they had a small parking lot to the side, which can't be said for many of the other cheesesteak restaurants. As for eating space or somewhere to sit down to eat, there was 1 picnic table in the parking lot, another on the other side of the restaurant and counter/standing space by the ordering windows. Many folks took their orders to go.
The menu was simple - cheesesteaks, roast pork sandwiches, burgers, hot dogs, hoagies at the main menu (right side) and fries, onion rings, mozzarella sticks, nuggets and soda on the sides menu (left side). You order your mains at the main menu window and your sides at the sides menu window. As we assume, from pictures and what we saw other customers order, the cheesesteak is the highlight here and probably the only thing ordered by customers, other than the fries as a side.
So what did we order? Drum roll please ...... a cheesesteak whiz wit (onions) and cheese fries. I know, big surprise. First, the guys working the window were friendly and courteous, which counts for something. Second, the cheesesteak. It wasn't a huge cheesesteak, but definitely enough to fill 1 person up. There was plenty of melted cheese whiz on the steak, which we loved. However, the steak was on the dry side and lacked the moisture from the oil. Worse, the steak inside the sandwich wasn't chopped/cut up. The pieces of steak were wide and big, which made it hard to take bites without dragging a whole piece of steak out of the sandwich. We definitely were not fans of the large pieces of steak. On the other side though, the fries were very good! They were very crispy and crunchy. They just needed more cheese whiz though because we ran out of cheese half-way thru. That was a big no-no.
Philip's is bit off the beaten path in southwest Philly and a drive away from the more popular spots, but I never judge a place by its location. Neither should any one else. As I always say, good food is never ever too far away. However, Philip's has the double whammy going against it - not only is it not in a prime location, but the cheesesteak leaves more to be desired and can use improvement.Ordered 2 cheesesteaks tonight.. Re-heated frozen rolls, very gummy. Yuck!
Big globs of fatty steak not chopped. Must be a new Cook. Nasty sandwich.Whenever anyone asks me what I like better, Pat's or Geno's, I always answer, "Philip's of course." I love this place. There are a number of great reasons this is the best steak spot in town. But let's just talk about the steak.  Some places like to chop the meat like crazy when it's on the grill, giving it an almost ground meat consistency. Most pizza places do this, and so does Jim's and Dallesandro's. Geno's and Pat's, and Tony Luke, and Steve's Princess Steaks, all leave the steak unchopped, which is better. But Philip lands right in the middle, he chops it a couple times. And there is plenty of meat, without it being ridiculous. The meat is fresh cut every morning. Philip himself told me that he does it most of the time. And due to the fact that it's kinda out of the way, there's never a long line and they make your steak to order. It's not sitting on a pile or in a warmer like the busy places at cheese steak corner. And Philip's will accommodate any special order. My friend likes his steak with sauce, and he likes it cooked with the sauce on the grill, and he likes a lightly sauteed hoagie onion, not the chopped onions, and they'll do that for him, no problem. try asking somebody at Pat's or geno's or jim's to do that. you'll get stabbed, or at least glared at and told to move to the back of the line. Anyway, this place is the best. So if you're in your car trying to park at pat's and geno's, just keep driving and go up to broad street, make a left, and then make a right at passyunk. it's about 5 min's down the road. the extra time you spend in your car will be handed back to you in spades when you can just walk right up to the counter and get your delicious steak right away. All without freezing your ass in line, and trying not to get in a fight with one of the hundreds of drunk douchebags around you. No excuses, Philip's is open all night, too.There's some meat on there! Tasty, and fresh. Only downside is no seating or restrooms. Does have parking lot, super condiment bar. Go for the "old fashion".Philip's gives an authentic and delicious cheesesteak, but unless you want a glimpse of what hell looks like in the bathroom, don't bother with the hot sauce. When they say HOT, they mean it. Your digestive system will sincerely thank you.So this is my first time ordering from Philip's Steaks.  I usually go to TL or John's but figured I'd give this place a shot.
I tried to call my order in like I do Tony Lukes, but was told, "We don't do that.".  So that kind of started my first experience at this place on the wrong foot....  Once I arrived I noticed the cash only signs...in this day and age they ought to take debit/credit cards.  No wonder they don't take phone orders.
Order Experience:
I drove over and ordered my American with onions on the side at the window.  Paid $9.50 at that window, then went to order cheese fries and was told, "Oh, you need to order them at the other window.".  Meanwhile there was no one behind me.  The same kid that took my order at the one window ran down to the other window and took my fires order too.  smh.  I asked in jest if they were different operations and he explained it is for when they're super busy.  Okay...I guess I get that, but they weren't busy.  I paid at window #1 for the steak, and window #2 for the fries.  I digress.
Presentation:
The bagged steak wasn't wrapped very good and rolled off the counter as I was getting hot peppers.  Lucky, when it hit the pavement, it didn't totally open up and I was able to salvage it from the ground. (my bad)  I did ask for a container to put the hot peppers in and was given two sheets of wax paper to wrap the peppers in for the commute back to the office.  
The fries were finally ready.  They were on a disposable paper food tray that holds cheese fries, in the bottom of a white bag and covered with a couple more sheets of wax paper.  A very messy ordeal and messy to extract once back at my desk, since the wax paper and whiz stuck to everything.
Taste:
The fries were meh at best...I like them at Tony Luke's as well as Geno's.  They were 1/2" cut fries, out of a frozen bag in a stiff cheese whiz.  The deep fry oil didn't seem overly fresh and so my fries were on the darker side.  The cheese steak I got was with American square cheese and a side of fried onions.  I got a side of F.O. because they repeat on me.  This way I could regulate them.  The cheese steak was slab style meat like Geno's serves, they didn't bother chopping it up.  The bread was kind of over baked and a little dark on the underside, not terrible but I did make a note of that.  The sandwich was ok.  Greasy AF, similar to Geno's.
I probably won't go back as it was nothing special, I can get a better cheese steak in New Jersey at a local pizzeria than what they had to offer.Two whiz wit and a cheese frie. Freakin heaven! After a 8 hour drive from Fort Bragg, North Carolina my first stop is Phillips Steaks. Ten in the morning or night. Doesn't matter...If you're too stubborn to go anywhere else, order the "Old Fashioned."
Pros:
Open late
"Old Fashioned" cheesesteak
Cons:
the regular cheesesteak
Straggly looking sandwiches
Cash only
In my continuing trek for a great Philly cheesesteak I stopped in at Philip's because it was top 10 in a GQ article.  Mistake number one.
Philip's is fine, it's not great.  The price you pay for what you get is reminiscent of Gino's & Pat's but with less flair and there's nowhere else nearby to go.
Cheesesteak cheese was not shredded, it came in a big ol' slice that they dropped in thinking it would eventually melt.  It didn't.  Meat was a bit dry, low to no seasoning, bread tasted like it came off the back shelf of a low cost supermarket.
The "old fashioned" was definitely the way to go.  If we had a time machine we'd go back and all order an "old fashioned."  It had an au jus type of dip, peppers were spicy enough to taste yet mild enough to enjoy for those who can't take the heat.
Fries: crispy, broad cut, hot, never burnedHands down the best steak sandwich I ever had. I'm a New Yorker who was down for the Giants game. A local Eagles fan recommended this place. Great job!1. VERY overpriced.  $9 for a...
2. VERY SMALL (7 in.) sandwich, that was...
3. NOT VERY FLAVORFUL, and had...
4. VERY LITTLE MEAT in it.
What do 1-4 add up to?  A less-than-mediocre sandwich that really, really isn't worth its price.  Even if it had been more tasty (which it could have been), it still wouldn't justify the obvious price gouge.  I'm very disappointed, and Philly deserves better.A friend woke me up at a rather late hour Friday night/early Saturday morning with a phone call telling me that I should join him for a cheesesteak. After a little cajoling, I agreed, it being Friday and all. 
Once in his car, I was just sleepy enough to have little to no idea where we were once we got there - it was definitely an end of Passyunk that I had never seen. We pulled up to a glowing little sandwich shop, Philip's, on the corner of "god knows what" and "where the heck am I", in the middle of a vaguely industrial area.  
I wanna say we got there around 3:00am, and the place was hopping with about 10-15 people either arriving, ordering, waiting or eating. For being in the middle of nowhere and in the middle of the night, I excepted some disorderly conduct, a little scary behavior from the other patrons, but the place had a very relaxed feel. 
The cheesesteak? My friend ordered one American wit, which we shared - and it was one of the best cheesesteaks I've had, primarily because the ratio of roll to meat to cheese to onions was right one - there wasn't an excess amount of bread needlessly bulking up the sandwich. The smaller roll makes the sandwich look smaller than you may be used to, but once you take a bite you realize how much better it is. 
I'm looking forward to my next 3:00am trip to Philip's.I had heard good things about Philip's so it came to mind as a potential venue for a quick cheesesteak after a local gathering. Our group of six was efficiently attended to all at the right-side window. Service wasn't friendly but it wasn't grouchy either. It was just what you'd expect from a walk-up food window.
I ordered a cheesesteak with whiz and no onions. The bread was good albeit thin and the cheese was well-proportioned. My issue was the meat. I can't deal with a kick in my food, and it seems that they cooked it on the same surface as hot peppers. I don't tolerate peppers well so it was way, way too spicy for me.
I'd maybe return in the future but I wouldn't try a cheesesteak again unless I confirmed it had been nowhere near peppers. I doubt that's even possible, so I guess it'd be safer to try one of their hoagies or hot dogs instead.So I came here after hearing a lot of hype about the Cheesesteaks and I have to say- I wasn't really impressed. 
I came here with someone who is from the area and he always talked about how people come from all over to come here. We pulled up in front of the place around 10:30 pm which on a Friday night was pretty popular. When we ordered our food, it probably came out around 10 mins later which was fairly quick. I ordered my Cheesesteak with provolone and onions which was ok; I felt as though the steak itself wasn't very well cooked and the meat was pretty thin. However, my friend loves the steaks here for that very same reason @thin meat. 
As far as the place itself- it is a takeout restaurant in which there are open "picnic style" tables outside. There is an open area where you order food in which you can stand at a counter and also eat your food. The restaurant is on a pretty busy street- I didn't notice any parking garages around so it would be street parking. 
Although I wasn't as impressed with the steak- the service was great and so were the people so I would totally give it another try.All I do is eat cheese steaks. I eat them at least 3 times a week and yes i am proud of that.
This place is a bully in the Top 10. Def top 5 and maybe even top 3 in the city! I would say this is hands down the best Steak in S. Philly and also the best Value. No Neon lights , just Solid meat portions, decent amount of cheese and the roll is nice. They are consistent. I have never eaten a bad sandwich from here. The staff is courteous and doesn't try that tough tony BS when you order.
This is a must stop on the cheese-steak tour!I've yet to find a cheesesteak in Philly I LOVE.  I've had some great cheesesteaks--just none in Philly!  This was okay.  The cheese fries were good.  He got the cheesesteak order mixed up, so not all of us got sauce, and the person who didn't want onions got onions.  There could have been more of a "gooey" aspect to it.  Maybe a bit more cheese, more meat on the bun.    Just like any of the other typical cheesesteak places in the city.Pretty good, I didn't want a wiz so got provolone and with the good steak and nice onions it came out good. One good thing about here is there is a parking lot right across the street, it's for Pep Boys and some other stores but lots of roomEverytime I am in Philly, I have to stop here. I have searched for years for the best steak in Philly and I be damn I have found it.Went with the Old Fashioned with fried onions (cheesesteak with provolone, grilled tomato, long hots, and oregano). Flavor of the sandwich was nice, no extra oil and easily portable which is hard to find with a cheesesteak. Steak was in strips with no fat which was a plus, but I preferred chopped as it allows the other ingredients to blend in better. A solid cheesesteak nonetheless that does not leave you feeling like you just consumed grease.Love their steaks and their fries. Just had them a week ago. I was surprised to hear they deliver. Took them up on it.  They were so cute quick and its delivery. Everything arrived hot and delicious. I also liked that you can pick what kind of cheese you want and though they normally do slab steak, you can ask them to chop it which is how I like it.First time trying authentic Philly cheesesteaks and we were not disappointed! The roll, meat, cheese, grilled onions, and cherry peppers were sooooo delicious!Great staff, but the cheesesteak left a lot to be desired. Meat was tough and chewy, and the roll was a but stale. Pizza fries were also sad and disappointing, and despite waiting 10 minutes for them, they came out not crispy at all. 
This place has been around for decades, but it seems to have lost its charm. It wasn't horrible, but it's not worth a return visit.
There's a small (cramped) parking lot but street parking is easy enough. The hours seem to be incorrect; despite Yelp claiming they close at 11, they had a line at 12:30am.Being reluctant to try this place as a typical tourist to try Geno's .... we grabbed a wiz wit anyways.
Wow!
It was super good and greasy like a good steak should be. I was only suppose to eat half but you know ...
Nice people working the counter not pretentious at all like the big tourist traps. 
Maybe a little more meat but it was gone in 30 secs so who's counting anyways?Was eating here for years got dirty off and on tonight I got a red meat steak uncooked what the fat dirty lady always tryin pull a beet didn't get a tip so decided to rip my wallet and give me uncooked red meat fukn dirtballs!!Do not go here. We went here on the recommendation of a friend who lives in the area and was extremely disappointed. As soon as we ordered, our cheese steak appeared and it was small and warm. Not worth the $$$ spent on it. Go to any corner cheese steak joint and get one better.The sensation of the nation. Having been a Philly resident for 6 years, I've gained a bit of expertise in the way of the cheesesteak. While "the world's greatest cheesesteak" is an accolade that is hard to authoritatively bestow, I will say that Philip's has a messianic thing going on here. They consistently deliver what is easily one of the city's best cheesesteaks. Moist, mouthwatering, and succulent. Open 24/7, Philip's is always there for you. I suggest going around 3am on a Wednesday and ordering an "American cheesesteak, long hots, without." Don't waste your time or this steak with ketchup.This is just a late night spot for me I wouldn't come here sober or earlier than 8pm there's plenty other cheesesteak spots worth going to. Also I'm sure the guy working late night may be off some sort of drugs it seems. I rather go to genos Or pats which is not the best cheesesteak in the city over these guys thoughProbably 3rd or 4th on my list for steaks.  Bread is great and I definitely agree with previous posters, the meat is really fresh and prepared well...Just not enough of it on the bread.  When I get the white paper bag handed to me through the window, it feels like it's going to fly away if I don't hold on..I've lived in Philadelphia for almost 9 years now and have tried at least 10 places for cheesesteaks and was never extremely thrilled with them. My husband introduced me to Phillip's two years ago and that is the only place we go now. Their steaks are definitely the best in the city. Price runs about $9 a steak and $3 for fries. I recommend whiz and American without and their fries with cheese. The service is always great however, there isn't tons of room to stand and eat but usually you can find a spot. I would highly recommend Phillip's to anyone looking for a great Philly cheesesteak.I tried this place for the first time at 1am, huddled over my precious sandwich while looking out over the deserted street in the middle of nowhere.  It was my first time back in Philly in over a year, and my first time awake past midnight / eating at that hour in as much time. This place fulfilled the great impulse for drunk food, but I definitely suffered the consequences later - wish it came with a side of tums.
My rating is actually legitimately for the quality of the sandwich regardless of my grandma stomach reaction.  The quantity/quality of meat was a little disappointing, having gone to Pat's/Geno's back when i lived in Philly.  If you're going to do cheesesteaks, do them right!!No neon signs, no flashy lights, just a nondescript corner shack you might drive by if you weren't looking for it. Now, I'm not a cheesesteak fan, and I probably  only eat two or three a year, but that might change now that I've discovered Philip's, an out of the way and mostly unheard of gem at 23rd & Passyunk. 
I've never had anything on the menu except the whiz-with, but so what? This cheesesteak is so good I don't care about anything else on the menu. What makes Philip's cheesesteaks so good is the bread/meat/cheese ratio. It's perfect. You get about 33% of each in every bite.
The bread is crusty and less puffy than the competitors, the steak is thick and tender, and the cheese, well, it's cheese whiz, but it works. The fried onions are perfectly mixed in and add just the right amount of onion flavor. I like a little ketchup on mine, so I try to go for the perfect bread/meat/cheese/ketchup ratio, and when I get it right, oh man. Best cheesesteak in Philadelphia. 
Stand outside, eat your cheesesteak Philly-style, and enjoy the people watching for an authentic South Philly experience. Looking around as you lick the drippy cheese off your hands you might not be sure what decade it is, and I'm not sure some of the locals know either. I guess a good cheesesteak transcends time.Hands down, my favorite meat and cheese joint in the city as far as oddly lit corner spots go.
The first time I came here, well lets just say I thought the sandwich was bangin' but I don't remember actually being there- just the yellow/orange hazey lights, elbows on the counter and the sandwich being gone in about 2 minutes.
The second time, which is always better than the first- I devoured my wiz witout in another easy few minutes but I did pause to think about how could a place using the same can of wiz, turn it into whatever they were slathering on this roll? 
Just writing this makes me crave one, I wish I packed one on my trip.I enjoy the hot pepper steak, wiz wit. I also like their pizza steak with mushrooms. Smaller crowds than most places if you come late night, so shorter wait time to fulfill that late night hunger :-)Their cheesesteaks are awesome. Prepared with a generous amount of meat and onions. However they are cash only so do not go without any cash on hand.Very good little Cheesesteak and the people could not have been nicer. The meat is not chopped and is a thicker slice. Very good flavor, mushrooms, lettuce and tomato. If you're in the area, I would stop by.  pretty easy access to 76.I am visiting from Hawaii, so my Philly street cred is right out the door. 
That being said, I stumbled across this place after a night of mad insomnia from the jet lag of a six hour time difference. I was starving!
In my delirium, I just drove my rental car down a random street hoping it might lead to food.
Like a nighttime oasis in downtown, these yellow orange lights told me that this place is something special. 
I pulled up right in front at 2:00 am which would be right around supper time according to my body clock. 
I ordered a cheese steak with provolone. 
Remember that movie the Coneheads, when Dan Akroyd was hawking subway, and devoured his sandwich in about three seconds?
He was slow compared to the speed I wolfed this thing down. 
How do you guys in Philly survive not having to see your cardiologist monthly with this kind of food around?
If it does do you in, I'm sure you would be very happy going that way. 
Now I can die a happy man, having a great Philly Cheese Steak knocked off my bucket list.
Aloha!Loved it!  Skip and I went there today for the first time (we are out-of-towners so we have an excuse!!)!!!'  Skip had the Old Fashioned which included steak, provolone, peppers, onions and grilled tomatoes.  He was in seventh heaven.  I had a cheese steak hoagie with the traditional Cheese Whiz and grilled onions.  Mine was dripping with delectable delight.  Embarrassed to say we wolfed them down in a flash, washed down with a Birch Beer!  Met Sue,the owner and a delightful lady - full of energy, spirit and a great outlook on life!
We have tasted a lot of different cheesesteaks in and around Philly, but have to say this was absolutely one of the very best!!
Btw, it's open 24 x 7!!!This place is not bad at all. Also not amazing, but definitely pretty good. The price is great - $6.75 for a cheesesteak. Much cheaper than the more well known places (pats, genos, jims). Its as good as genos, but not as good as pats or jims. I got the cheese whiz w/ onions. The bread is a little different than most places but still pretty good. i think these cheesesteaks are longer than other places. Def a great value for the price. They also don't chop up their meat, if that's what you like. A good solid choice when in South philly, or anywhere in philly for that matter.South Philly Cheesesteak is yummy-yummy here, if you can drive to the end of South Philadelphia's Passyunk Avenue. I often forget this place is here because it kind of away from everything else. But if you want convenient pick up a great fast food place, swing by here off of 76 east and exit Passyunk Avenue. Please pick up my favorites here: chicken mushroom cheesesteak, cheese fries and a cherry coke for me too, thanks! ;-PPhillips steak not bad
My kids and I liked it
Fast and test good price are okay around south philly. Recommended to try it.you wanna wait in line with tourists and lower merion teenagers? go to johns. u want the best, most authentic steak u can get on earth? wait in line with the fiends and crackheads at philips at 4am. you wont be disappointed.Everything was just as I ordered real steak, hot, just perfect price matches the productI LOVE this place. Whenever I am close to the area I make it a point to stop by and get a cheesesteak; sometimes 2 so I can have one for later. The customer service is great and it 100% beats anything from Pats or Genos. Classically concocted Philly cheesesteak for sure. I recommend this establishment to anyone that's looking for an authentic steak.I like this place but I don't love this place. I am really into saucy, gooey cheesesteaks. My normal order is a cheesesteak with cheese wiz and grilled mushrooms. I literally couldn't see or taste the cheese wiz. I had to open my sandwich to see if it was present. There was a very good amount of beef and mushrooms however. 
I do like the pickled peppers you can grab from the bucket. They are actually spicy and crispy unlike other places. 
I also got the fried calzone. Once again sort of dry. The cheese inside was not completely melted. I had to run back to get a side of Marinara (but somehow that was dry too).The only thing they got going on for themselves is the 24/7 hours of operations. The steak is not chopped up at all so is not cooked with the onions or anything for that matter resulting in big flat pieces of gray meat. The fries are crispy but oh so bland. There must not be a grain of salt back there in the cooking area. They have the condiments on self serve container including the mayonnaise which I decided to skip because isn't it supposed to be refrigerated? The pumps on the condiment's containers look like they are never ever cleaned thus a big chunk of dry condiment at the tip of the pump. Wouldn't go again.What happened to this place, they used to make a decent steak. The roll was spungy and the meat was like chewing leather guess it's only good if you're drunk at 2am and don't know any better. Go to 711 across the streetDrove down from NYC- a buddy from Philly recommended Philips ... To be fair we did a side by side with Gino's and pats as well- Phillips won hands down!!!  This is a locals place that makes a cheese steak the way it should be - meaty cheesey awesome goodness!!Omg !!!! We go here every Saturday night at 1-3 am and we cannot say enough about the "Inside Out"!!!!! Make sure you try the $5.00 Inside Out. It is the most amazing food you will ever eat!!!!