Pho noodle soup taste good..... but after I ate it..... i had a SERIOUSLY SEVERE DIARRHEA!!!! almost fainted.
B/c I allergic to MSG and I think they put A LOT of MSG !!! in the soup.One of my favorite treats. Their spring rolls are great! you can 4 or 8. Don't even tease yourself with the 4 especially if you're eating with someone else. Filling but don't leave you feeling stuffed. the pho is also amazing!!I've had better Pho, but the customer service and friendly wait staff make me want to come here every time I want Pho. I also really love the shrimp & pork rolls. Definitely stop by. It's a very welcoming place on a cold day. It's especially nice to go there straight from the greyhound station.3.5 stars. I ordered the pho and spring rolls. The spring roles were pretty good and the pho wasn't bad, but definitely not the best I've had. Their customer service is a little lacking but I think that's mostly due to the language barrier.I love this place for a quick, inexpensive Pho fix. I usually get the vermicelli instead of the traditional Pho, with the grilled beef and spring roll (#53) and it's always the best. Hands down, the best grilled beef at any Pho place I've been to so far (it's not chewy and doesn't taste like it's been boiled first). The spring rolls, too, are perfect and crispy. If only the places on Washington Ave. could get it right like this place! 
The service is fast and friendly for the most part, although I would avoid it at it's peak (Noon) to avoid any service pitfalls that could easily occur at any packed place. Nevertheless, the #53 keeps me coming back time and time again.
I recently went for lunch and got the Pho with crispy flank steak and I had to update my review because it was so delicious. The broth wasn't too fatty, nor was the steak. Once again, Pho Cali has exceeded my expectations and I'll be coming back for more :) 
Special Note: They have beer, which comes in handy because in order to pay with a card, you have to spend more than $10.I got the "rare steak and flank steak" pho for lunch.  While the meat was nicely prepared and the portion was large, I found the broth to be a little too oily and the noodles to be  a little too soft.  Overall, I would pick Pho 75 around the corner over this place for the food quality (although this place has better ambiance).I came here for lunch and I'm glad I did. I decided to carry out some pho and it was just as good as eating in. My coworkers were jealous and I was extremely full and happy. 
I was a bit worried because it took me about 20 minutes to get down there from work and with a hour lunch, I didn't know if I would have time, but after ordering my food it only took them 5 minutes to have it ready. And it was delicious. I received a huge portion of pho and could barely finish it all, but forced myself to do it. Waste not want not. This is definitely a place I will go to for when craving pho for lunch (or dinner). It's quick and cheap, and a delicious filling meal.I had shrimp pho here on a Saturday with some friends. Our food came out quickly, and the shrimp did not have tails (thank you). This was only my third or fourth time eating pho, but it seemed heavy on the noodles. 
Shrimp were cooked nicely, the service was friendly, but I'm still not sure I was feelin' the broth. Nonetheless, I ate almost all of it before tapping out, so it certainly wasn't bad!I am still a fan of this place. It's really cheap and the food here is delicious. That being said, I hate it when the restaurant makes it known that they're waiting for you to get out. The place closed at 10:30 and they had the door locked by 10:20. We were the last group there, and it's not like we were sitting around and talking, because we had just finished our food and were taking care of the bill. They had their music on, had already started cleaning, and the kitchen staff was staring extra hard like we were planning on ordering something else. That's all well and good, but don't make me feel like I'm wasting your time when the restaurant isn't even officially closed. We walked out the door at 10:28 and they locked it behind us.
However, I just have to give it 4 stars because of the cheapness and the deliciousness of all the food! The service leaves something to be desired, but I'll be here again and again if the menu remains the same.We were looking for some banh mi to go and this was one of the places in Chinatown that took credit card. We tried to order two beef banh mi sandwiches, which came out to ~$9, but they have a &15 credit card minimum, so we ordered some Thai tea to go as well. While we were waiting for the sandwiches to be prepped, we sipped on the small Thai tea. It was pretty good, but they filled it with a lot of ice, so there wasn't much tea. By the time I finished the tea, the sandwiches were ready. The good thing about this place is that the food came out fast, but let me tell you about the banh mi sandwich. It was very dryyyyyy... I should've kept the Thai tea so that it would help to swallow the dry bread and dry meat. The pickled carrots and onions helped to give the sandwich a little flavor, but it was not very enjoyable. It seems this place is good for their pho, but not for their banh mi sandwiches.Well on occasion, I am "forced" to eat vietnamese food, and I am usually not happy about it, but I take it like a champ and be a sport and just go with it. I never liked Pho - it always tasted like they heated up dirty water that dishes were soaking in, threw in some remnants of yesterday's dinner and voila - pho! 
So over the years I've explored the OTHER items at viet places and have come to really enjoy the vermicelli dishes and the sandwiches (bahn mi). 
The vermicelli was good, although I prefer it when the meat and vegetables are served side by side as opposed to in a bowl. Not sure which is more authentic, but hey, I like what I like. That was good, but the bahn mi was something truly special.
The first bahn mi I had was at Lee's Sandwiches in California and while I never particularly enjoyed it, it was open 24 hours. At some point my taste buds changed and started to like the cilantro and pickled vegetables that are the core elements of the vietnamese sandwich. And this place does it RIGHT. I wish they were a bit bigger because they are so tasty! So, you may want to order two. I tried the beef as I do not enjoy the swine too much, but I bet that's good too. 
They also have an extensive non-alcoholic drink menu which I suggest you try. i had this rainbow blended thingy. I couldn't tell you what was in it, because I do not know. It was fruity and tropical and delicious. Also had an avocado boba that was good too.
Service was friendly and fast.
Definitely will be back!Everytime I visit Philly, this place is on my "must" list. I usually have "Bun Bo Hue" wich is beef rice noodle soup, Hue style. Similar to pho, but spicy and more flavored with lemongrass instead of star anise. (this is what my palate can sense). The summer rolls are delicious as well ! Consistently great, and cheap ! Plus it is in a great neighborhood for walking around. The staff is very friendly and accomodating.. they can sometimes be seen in the back of the restaurant making some sort of homemade item for the menu.. dumplings, rolls etc. They open relatively early for a late breakfast of hot soup on a cold day, and stay open fairly late for a perfect not heavy meal in my belly before bed.Service was great.  shrimp summer rolls and chicken pho, delicious and inexpensive.Pho Cali: fuck yeah.
Pho Cali was my first experience with pho, so maybe I have Cali-tinted glasses on whenever I eat anywhere else, but I haven't found a place I prefer.
The pho is great.  The broth is really flavorful and rich, and I have always gotten a generous helping of whatever meat I ordered.  Every bowl of pho comes with a plate of bean sprouts, Thai basil, limes and jalapenos, and there's an amazing house chili sauce in little jars.  I've also wandered outside the pho section on the menu to try the grilled pork with rice (it is actually fantastic; make sure you dump the carrot vinegar sauce on top) and the pork vermicelli (frankly, I was disappointed by the vermicelli when compared to their other offerings soooo).
There is also a really large selection of drinks: beer, bubble tea (so good, so GOOD), soda, different kinds of tea and coffee.
Aaaand pricing!  All entrees are 6.50$ to 9.00$, and you will be STUFFED.
Service has always been exceptionally quick here.  If I order, I usually get my meal within seven minutes.
I don't really give a shit about 'ambiance' while I eat (as long as it doesn't include roaches), but Cali is nice!  Clean, small, with dark wood tables and ever-present K-Pop playing.  Go for one of the high window tables so you can people-watch as you munch.
I see a lot of Yelpers had 'miss' experiences here, which I'm mad confused about (I have been to Cali dozens of time and never had a bad day), but so it goes.  The one heads-up is that the credit card minimum is 15$, and unless you are Cookie Monster you are not gonna put that away on your own.There are multiple places for Pho in Chinatown (obvi) but this is my favorite. If you don't know what Pho is, it is basically a giant bowl of the Asian version of chicken (or other protein) noodle soup. 
The pho here is in giant portions. I usually get take out. The pho is $8.50 and lasts me about 3 servings. The broth is amazingly salty and the noodles are ultra thin and almost chewy which I love. I've had both the steak and the chicken pho. The steak comes ultra thin cut and raw so when it's placed in the sizzling broth it cooks itself. With the take out, it comes in all the separate pieces, the noodles with protein in one container, a huge container of hot broth, and a big bag of a variety of veggies. This way when you get home you can personalize your own soup. I recommend this spot for both newbies and veterans to the Pho world.My Philly pho go to! Right around the corner from the greyhound station and always makes for a quick meal getting off your bus or right before you leave. They're quick so you'll be in and out within half an hour or less, depending on how fast you eat. My #1 spot is still on Washington Ave but if you're looking for something that's not as out of the way, I'd recommend Pho Cali for sure! It will not disappoint!Since I'm tight on time today, I stopped here instead of taking the bus to pho75 or walking to Pho 20 (don't judge) I walk in and I'm greeted immediately then waved to a table.  The man has water & menu in hand. I know what I want, so now I'm just waiting for him to return. I order plain pho, no meat. I said no meat 2x. A women to works there and thinks she knows what I want. I said no meat & she says something I don't understand. They man brings back a small bowl of pho with vegetables and tofu (I got vegetarian pho instead of plain pho with no meat). I'm game, so I taste it. OMG, bland! I add lime, sriracha, no fish sauce anywhere. The broth is not very good, but I kind of enjoyed getting vegetables.  
The place filled up fast, the bowls came flying by. Great location & service. Broth is a non-starter.Foods, services, prices...worst ever... Sorry, but it's that bad... Summer rolls are like a joke...I remembered this place when I visited Philly for the first time.  Now that I live here and have been to this place numerous times, I am sad to report that the quality is noticeably on the decline.  I don' t know why.  The soup base, to me, is awesome.  Just the portions are getting small and the avocado smoothie is not consistent.  ...I'm stepping away quietly but have fond memories :)I know it's known for it's pho.. but I only eat Bun (vermicelli) here.
It's not the best, they give you too little sauce which leaves it dry and I find the place a bit dirty..
Yesterday I was there with 8 other people while the restaurant was packed, and there was clearly a mouse running around the restaurant. They did nothing about it..
Anyways about the bun, its one of my favorite vietnamese dishes but I've tasted better.. this place makes me want to puke after eating it.I stumbled upon Pho Cali today and I am so glad I did.  Not knowing what I was going to eat at all, I looked at the place and it looked inviting, so I went in.  It is small and quaint and the food was great.  I was unaware that there was a $15 dollar credit limit.  So instead of making me order something else, the hostess accepted my card for my $8 total, very gracious of her.  I ordered the grilled beef with broken rice and it was excellent.  My only complaint was that there wasn't a whole lot of meat.  Otherwise it was perfect.  I will definitely be back to try the rest of the menu!This Pho restaurant is consistently delicious and the prices can't be beat.  I'm not sure that this is "the best" Pho place in the Philadelphia area, but it is the one that I frequent the most often.  The flavor of the beef broth is complex, the sides (sprouts, limes, jalapenos, basil leaves) are always fresh, and they do a great tofu pho for the days when I'm not feeling red meat.
Also, love the older male waiter who knows my order and provides lightening fast service.  
P.S. the summer rolls are excellent.Mmm...fresh pho is a wonderful thing.  The soups here are comfort food for me.  Service is fast, and they are open late.Just stopped in for a quick bowl of vermicelli with spring rolls and sliced beef.
On a cold night - this place (still in dire need of a makeover) serves a great, warming meal for under $10.
Love it here!When Pho Cali first opened, I'd probably leave a glowing review with five stars. Not so much now.
The pho here is not what it used to be. I think they just keep on adding water to their broth as the day goes on. They probably put half as much beef slices in the soup as they used to. Definitely no longer an option for me.
However, the spring rolls here are the absolute best I've tasted. I will still go to Pho Cali for them, but not for anything else. If the Pho Cali people are reading this, please fix your place up. You had a good thing.This is the best pho I've had in Philadelphia. Huge portions and they bring out a large variety of things you can add to your pho.
You can ask them to make the pho with veggie broth instead of meat stock without it being a big deal which is nice.
If you like pho I would recommend this place!Pho cali is where I went to get my first bowl of pho 4 years ago. I went back yesterday for the first time since then. Just as great as I remember. Between that time and now I had visited many other pho restaurants and all I have to say that pho cali isn't my favorite. Chicken didn't have much flavor, summer rolls also lacked flavor but pho broth was amazing. I also like how nice and friendly the staff is. I noticed the pho menu is pretty big so next time I'll get something different.Number 53 . A wonderful Bun dish of beef, noodles and vegetables.  I'm am always pleased with the food here.We tried 2 types of bahn mi and the bun (always a favorite) with pork. All terrific. We will definitely be back!I don't think I've ever had vietnamese food quite like this. There's lots of viet places around philly, most are on washington ave and you can't go too wrong with any of them. I've been to Pho xe lua in chinatown, and while it isn't quite as good, it'll satisfy my pho/ broken rice cravings. Pho cali, however, was just... terrible. My friend got the pho and while he isn't too picky, i could tell from looking that it wasn't that great. It was also expensive for pho. I got broken rice with grilled pork. Not that hard, right? I make it at home all the time; marinade the pork and grill it. This place, however... I don't know what was going on. The pork was just.. salty. Did not have that balance of flavors from the lime and fish sauce it should've been marinated in. I get full pretty easily too from almost every broken rice dish I've eaten but, for once, I left still pretty hungry... It was also pricey as heck! I can get it much cheaper at almost any other viet restaurant, I felt somewhat offended by their pricing here, especially with Pho xe lua right now down the street.. The waiter also did not have any napkins on the table so I had to ask. And when he brought me a fork and spoon, he shoved it in my face,  expecting me to take it from his hand... First off, it should have been on the table along with napkins. Second, put it on the table, don't shove it in my face. Go somewhere else for viet food. This place is a rip off and the service sucks.I am a pho fanatic and let me say that the pho here is very mediocre. I have had pho from over 20 locations and this is probably some of the most bland broth I have ever had. The soup was edible but not tasty. I ordered the rare steak pho. We also ordered the shrimp and pork summer rolls (rice paper rolls) I saw 2 shrimps and could not find the pork in the roll. The rolls were not bad but again, bland. Needed soy sauce, peanut sauce or Sriracha to make them tasty. Will probably not return because everything ordered at our table was bland.I stopped by with a friend for a late lunch this past Saturday, and it was A-OK!
Not in the mood for beef, I ordered the shrimp pho and while it was good, it was not among the best that I have had. The broth was a bit too bland for that.
The service was very good, though! Our food came out quickly, and they refilled our water regularly, even though we drank it very quickly (it was hot outside, and we had walked a lot!)Very good food. I've had the vermicelli there twice and they were willing to make it for me with chicken both times (white meat, not grilled, though).  The summer rolls were also great.  The prices are very reasonable. The atmosphere is so-so, but it's what you'd expect for the price, so it's still nice.  The only downside is the minimum price for using credit/debit ($15).I used to love this place. It was my favorite pho place in the city. Then i had this transcendent experience in Montreal in a little basement  restaurant where i had the best pho ever and now everything is just a little less impressive. 
Pho Cali is still my favorite in the city, but i would like less clumpy noodles and larger meat portions and a richer broth to create the ideal pho experience. Also, they have a chili paste instead of the chili in oil that i am used to. I prefer the oil.I love this place. Honestly, I do. It's simple and not in your face. 
The service there is pretty quick and the pho is quite delicious and hits the spot for me. 
They're very welcoming there, especially one waiter (I think he's the owner) - I come here after school sometimes when I'm starving and stuff my face with pho.The last time I ate at Pho there was a dirty fingernail in my soup.  They first said "That's not a fingernail" and then didn't even take it off the bill.  Dirty, disgusting, rude, DON'T EAT HERE.Favorite pho place in Philadelphia. Would go there for lunch on the regular if I worked closer by. No qualms about recommending this place. GREAT!WORST service ever !!!  They totally ruined my Philadelphia experience. There was a strand of HAIR in my food. I told them about it but they  just transferred my food to a bigger bowl instead of giving me a new bowl of food. When I ordered Goi Cuon, they did not asked me if I wanted shrimp or shirmp+pork. They gave me whatever they liked. My almost 2 years old niece could not enjoy her food because we asked them for a scissor so that we could cut the noodles into smaller pieces for easy feeding, they told us just to use a spoon instead. ( We tried that too, took forever!! )What kind of service is this????? Oh we almost had to beg them for a high chair for the baby. There were not a lot of customers either. Perhaps THEY WERE TOO LAZY TO GET THE CHAIR for an almost 2 years old to sit on. My sister had to move her seat closer to where they put  all the high chairs at so that my niece could have a chair to sit safely. I hate everything about this place. I literally had to walk a few blocks away to buy some other food for my niece because she was crying from being hungry and they did not care enough to accommodate for a hungry baby.I really love Pho (well, who doesn't), and this place knows how to do it. It's the ultimate comfort food, is pretty cheap, and you get A LOT for your money. I usually get the chicken or shrimp pho, and have never been disappointed. They also do take out, which is still good, although not quite as delicious as when ordered in the restaurant. 
The reason I don't give it a full 5 is because the menu is a little limited. If you don't want pho, vermicelli, or a ban mi, you're out of luck. 
I go to this place pretty often, and don't see that changing any time soon.Pho - Decent broth and a lot of noodles! "Iffy" on the amount of meat in the pho. Good enough to come back a second time.Excellent food.nicely spiced and presented. All fresh and healthy 
 We loved it and will be back for more.Long story short: I was hungry - they were open. 
I should've known better not to return after what happened the last time I came there. However, I only wanted a roasted beef hoagie (banh mi bo nuong) to go. I figured, "How could they possibly mess that up?" I just had to jinx it.
Wait time: 10 minutes 
Bread: kind of stale & not toasted
Meat: cold & sparse
Veggies: sparse
Cost: $4.00 ?!?!?
I don't care how hungry I get next time. I'll just let my stomach collapse in on itself until I get home. The lady can be mayor of frowntown to someone else.We ordered take out pho and asked for extra brown sauce....the owner was so rude and refused to give us extra sauce. We left our food there because the customer service was absolutely horrible. There are so many better pho places in Chinatown then this one! Bad experience!!!!!!In and out of this place in 35 minutes flat! It was awesome, we were seated in 2.5 seconds of walking in. We ordered spring rolls, beef pho, and shrimp over broken rice. The spring rolls were tasty and we had just finished them when the waiter walked over with the additional accouterments for my pho! Piles of Thai basil, bean sprouts, jalapenos, cilantro, and onions... It was a dream come true! The plates arrived quickly - my BF was consumed with his broken rice and shrimp and I dove into my steaming bowl of perfectly prepared rice noodles! It was amazing and we were both stuffed for under $20!My friend, who lives right by Chinatown, took me here for lunch.  I'd like to say it was excellent since I respect my friend's taste in food and Pho Cali is said to have good Vietnamese food, but I cannot deny that I had some issues.  There's nothing worse for a first-timer than to be rushed in choosing their first meal and that's exactly what happened to me.  I ended up selecting the #1 pho (Vietnamese soup), which consists of a variety of meats, vermicelli, veggies, and some type of fish?  The bowl was HUGE!  And although I'm not complaining about the portion size, (especially since it was only $6.50) I did have problems with its contents.  The fish/vegetable thing living within was, well --- not my cup of tea.  The beef was okay, but I truly could not tell the difference between the meats and it was supposed to be a sampling.  The vermicelli was very good, however, I was "that" American who could not get the hang of eating the pho via chopsticks.  Nonetheless, the broth was delicious and my favorite part.  Surprisingly, I ate the entire bowl.
The experience was decent enough that I will go back again, but next time, I will definitely order something else -- certainly not the pho.This seems to be the only pho place I can get Shrimp Pho. I LOVE IT. I have always been a fan of beef pho until I read an article years ago about Pho Cali's Shrimp Pho...it was listed as one of the "Must-Eat" things in Philadelphia. So i tried it and I was converted instantly. When ever I go to Pho Cali, I don't even need to look at the rest of the menu....Shrimp Pho is always what I order and maybe w/ a mango bubble tea. Their bubble tea is made with fresh fruit so it tastes so much better than most of the other Chinese bakeries in Chinatown.  You can actually chew on the fiber in the bubble tea (I think it 's a good thing). Anyways, if you get a chance to go to Pho Cali, give the Shrimp Pho a try and you can thank me later!The worse Vietnamese restaurant that I have ever been to.  I had "bun bo hue" the broth tasted like instant noodle soup, pig feet has no flavor, not enough meat, not enough asian veggies....over all not enough flavor.  Spring rolls were disappointing.  Hot water was served and I thought it was a finger bowl.  I WILL NOT recommend anyone.I hate giving a bad review to a small owned business but I have to give an honest about the product I receive.
I ordered the Deluxe Pho. As soon as it came out, I knew I mad rhewrong shoice in restaurants. A good pho will have rare steak that is still red and cooking in the broth. The steak in the bowl was already a dull tannish color. Also, there was very little cuts of meat. I could live with smaller portions if the taste is there. Unfortunately, my first taste of the broth was hugely disappointing. It lacked thw depth and richness of a good pho broth. Maybe it didn't have enough cloves, or star of anise, or even a balance of rock sugar and salt. It was almost like broth from a can. When I have a good broth, I hardly ever add the hoison sauce or Sriracha. I had to here to instill some flavor. Anyway, I won't be coming back.3 1/2 stars.  Pho has been hit or miss as of late, but more hits than not.  Hoagies are always good and make a cheap lunch.  The only other thing I have tried is the shrimp on sugarcane which was a definite miss.  
Everyone here is very nice and the service is great.I've been here three times and each time, I tried something different because I wanted to see if they can do better than just PHO.  So, if you want pho, get it here.  Their broth is flavorful.  I tried their bun bo hue; the broth is slightly flavorful but it lacked spiciness.  I do not recommend getting broken rice with grilled pork (com tam thit nuong) here.  Their rice is not broken rice, regular jasmine rice.  As for the pork, it was shredded; WHY?  It should be in cutlets.  There are too many vietnamese restaurants in Philadelphia for this place to be mediocre.  If you're not selling service, you must sell quality food.For $8 a bowl, I expect either a big portion or a good quality of pho. I got neither at Pho Cali. 
Don't get me wrong, the pho was okay but just okay. The bowls are really small compare to other pho places but the biggest thing for me was the laughable amount of meat that came with my pho. 
At the end of the meal, I left unsatisfied, hungry, and feeling cheated.I have ate at Pho Cali a few times previously, and they have always had that traditional taste to their broth, including their bun bo hue noodle soup (spicy beef noodle soup). Thank goodness for that! I also enjoy their prices although many years ago it all used to be cheaper, until pho and viet food became a popular and hip cuisine. I always really like their bun bo hue soup broth even though it isn't super spicy, but I always love that it isn't oily and full of fat! I had ordered one for my job since the heater was not working well and I was very cold. I didn't request for extra hot sauce or condiments, so I ate this without anything. Luckily, Pho Cali's bun bo hue is so tasty and flavorful that I honestly enjoyed it without using any extra sauce or anything. Thankful for the lunch I ordered, it was super hearty. It's very close to my job so that was nice since it's been so freezing cold out and I rather not walk far for food.Got takeout, but would be interested to go back and dine in. Good portion sizes and the pho ingredients were fresh.great food! I love the beef vermicelli. good prices too.Tripe may be over-hyped, but Pho Cali is not.  My friend raved about their Pho and tasty drink selections, so I put my tastebuds in his hands and he led me to the promised land of Vietnamese cuisine... the "mixed meat" Pho dish.  
To the unsuspecting diner, it may seem like a simple beef soup, but look a little closer... this cover special includes tripe and intestine... surprisingly, a safe way to venture out of your comfort zone of food.  And while I have decided to go back to my comfort zone when it comes to tripe and intestine (The texture ew!), I cannot get that amazing flavor of broth out of my mouth.  Add a little of the basil, bean sprouts, and hoisin sauce and the party has started in your mouth.  A messy party... so you may need a bib.
If you can handle any more flavor after that, try the iced coffee or the coconut drink.  Try and grab a seat by the window to look at the view of the Friendship Gate, you might just be able to overlook the so-so service.UPDATE: parking is a nightmare here so def opt for public transportation if you can. it just started getting warm again but this place was packed at 330pm on a saturday. i ordered the shrimp summer rolls and rare steak pho. they're def not stingy with their portions and the pho broth was better today (4/11/15) than my first time here. it's clean, the food is good and service is great. i will make the trip out here for future pho friend dates. 
OLD: after a long day of working outside in the freezing cold, my friend and i decided to grab some warm pho to end our day. it's small but quaint, clean and the staff is friendly. the pho was ok. my west coast taste buds are still getting acclimated to the east coast flavors. it wasn't bad...just different from the phos i've had in ca. i will be checking them out again.My girlfriend and I ate here on our way to the Market East train station this past Sunday for a nice early lunch. Both of us having somewhat massive hangovers, we felt a nice bowl of pho would do us well. 
The restaurant itself is small and quite intimate; a few tables stocked with the familiar Sriracha bottles, red peppers, soup spoons, and chop sticks. and definitely takes advantage of the small area. 
We were sat right away and almost immediately were greeted by a smiling server ready to take our order. We both ordered Pho, along with a shredded pork banh mi to share. 
Not long after ordering, our food came up, and was hot and fresh. The banh mi came on a traditional Philadelphia hoagie roll, a good sign in my opinion that this restaurant can take traditional Vietnamese dishes and adapt them to local specialties, which really defines the origins of both banh mi and pho. The pork was well seasoned and tender; and was definitely a nice choice, though I wish they had more traditional options, such as pate, though I wasn't disappointed with the order.
The Pho came in a large quantity, and had plenty of well cooked noodles and beef. While plentiful, it did seem to be a tad more bland than what I'm used to, and the beef was a bit overcooked. Definitely called for a bit more of an overload of Sriracha, peppers, and basil, all which came presented simply yet accessible on a plate fit for 2. 
I give this place 4 stars because of the service, which was quick and attentive (any time my drink was 1/3 gone, it was refilled within an instant - without asking) and the food came out quick, hot, and fresh. The prices were affordable as well - for two people both ordering pho along with a Banh Mi, our order came to about $20, all for a sit down lunch with great service in Center City Philadelphia.
 If you have a train to catch (right around the corner) or are looking for a quick lunch and don't feel like fighting the crowds of the Reading Terminal or any national brand close by, I highly recommend venturing to this little corner Pho shop for a hot bowl of goodness.Stopped in there last weekend with my brother. The service was very friendly and more then timely from the start, down to the finest detail of refilling water. 
I got the House Combo Pho, which was very good, and my brother got a more conventional philly type dish - a charboiled chicken hoagie. The food was of a very good size for the price. The pho was in a bowl about 6-8 inches high(about $7) and the hoagie was about a foot long($3.25). I'd definitely recommend as a drink, getting the lemonade soda with lime, which is there version of a sprite and a hell of alot better. Give it a couple of stirs when you get it to allow the lime flavor to sink in : ) 
All in all i'd rank this place a definite 5, great service and really good food quality and quantity to price ratios.Simple and no frills. Lunchtime is filled with business folks, construction workers and locals alike. Banh mi's are also $4.50- how could this NOt be awesome.I got introduced to this place a few years back and feel in love. Even though I get the same thing almost every time (grilled beef with egg noodle, soup on the side and one of the Vietnamese beers) I can't get enough. The service is quick, the food is on point and it's super cheap! Call me weird but I also like that when it's packed you have to sometimes sit at the same table as strangers. Whatever they're doing they're doing it right!There's surprisingly nothing vegetarian listed on the menu pho-wise, but ask for pho with tofu and veggie broth, and it will be served.  The tofu was a little on the dry side for my tastes.  The portions are good sized, but I wish there were more vegetables in the soup.  It's super crowded at lunch time, which I think must be a good sign if you're having non-veggie options.  We did, however, have to be seated right by the door which was not that fun since it was bitterly cold every time a new customer came in.I'm new to Pho, but I fell in love instantly. Due to this new love, I've been to several places in Philly and NJ, and Pho Cali is by far the best. Quick, delicious, cheap. You go home with a full belly and a full wallet. It's just feel-good food at a decent price.When Pho Cali first opened I heard fabulous things about it, but I was always a devote Pho75 fan.  Well Pho75 has been failing me lately !  ( go read my Pho75 review for more )  Then after a while I heard that Pho Cali wasn't so great anymore.  Well a few weeks ago.  It was a rainy MISERABLE butt numbing December afternoon, and my parents and I were making a group visit to the eye doctor on Arch Street.  We decided to just grab something HOT and quick.  So down the street to Pho Cali we went.  
Walking in this place I was turned off IMMEDIATELY.  Not that the decor was not good, or the restaurant was dirty.  It was the complete opposite for that matter.  The decor was tasteful, place was clean, and we were seated immediately even though it was PACKED, but that was the thing.  I loath eating in a place that's cramped AND packed.  I had my toddler with me and was expecting this experience to be a complete nightmare, but nightmare it was not!  The food came quickly, the staff was super friendly, and MOST importantly the pho was HOT HOT HOT!  The broth was great, and for once the noodles were NOT over cooked and mushy like most pho places.  It was a refreshing change !  It was only in the $20's for me and my parents to eat, so that was a plus also!  
But to all the Vietnamese cuisine novices out there.  If in the name of the restaurant basically tells you what they are specializing in . In this case PHO.  Do not order anything else BUT the Pho. You will be disappointed.Absent service, okay Vietnamese, typical atmosphere. Pretty standard.I like this place, price isn't too bad, great for some Vietnamese food. Really like it here. Was a great experience with my friends. Our first time here was amazing. We'll definitely come back.Wost restaurant ever. I regret giving this place on last chance since last experience was bad as well. I order Bun Bo Hue but it come out as something mix between pho and bun rieu which taste disgusting.  The owner or manager or whosoever was so rude. She keep glancing at me for whole time  and got mad when I ask for sa t, which cant be missing inBun Bo Hue. Stay away from this place. Horrible terrible!!!Super friendly staff--they've more than just pho and is a good place to bring my mother because she just has the summer rolls and doesn't have to deal with tripe or anything like I do.    The Vietnamese Hoagies or whatever they are are pretty yum too.  Anything on a baguette = love.  
I love that there's loads of Mexicans working here Latin music coming from the kitchen is completes the Vietnamese dining experience.LOVE this place. Delicious Pho...and the people are so sweet. They know our order as soon as we walk in. I think it's family-owned and the people are super sweet. Food is yummy. Great date night idea.What used to be an affordable, quick lunch is no longer.
Pho Cali was a great place to go grab a decent lunch, with quick service and very competitive prices.  Now, they've changed the look of their menu by adding a veggie Pho and making most dishes around $8+ each. 
Don't get me wrong, I love their pho, but if I'm going to pay these prices, I'm going to head over to Vietnam Restaurant.Surprise Surprise. 
I visited Pho Cali Vietnamese restaurant before, but that was in October 2013 in Atlantic City, NJ. Fast forward to November 2013, and here I was walking into Pho Cali again, not knowing that I've already been to the Atlantic City location a month earlier. I was trying to carb load the night before the 2013 Philadelphia marathon with a friend of mine. We strolled through Chinatown after getting our packets at the expo and noticed this place on 11/16/2013. I was like okay, why not, not dawning on me that it was the exactly the same restaurant, but they actually have 2 locations. It was unreal, when I saw their menu, and they had an Atlantic City location. It was shocking to say the least. Lol. But anyway, Pho Cali is a hidden gem in the heart of Philadelphia's Chinatown. While I already have had Pho in Philadelphia on my quest to have Pho in all 50 states, it was always good to have Pho anywhere at any time.
Pho Cali Vietnamese restaurant is centrally located on the intersection of Arch Street and 10th Street, in city center Philadelphia. Definitely a hidden gem for sure, the restaurant wasn't crowded when we went there  at about 6:30pm on a Saturday night. We sat at one of the tables on the left hand side of the restaurant. The service was quick and abrupt, as you may have known with Vietnamese restaurants anyway. They wait for you at your table till you decide to order. When they know you are indecisive, they just turn around and walk away and give you time to decide. It's just rude, but that's how the staff are most of the time. I ordered the deluxe combination Pho, whereas my marathoner friend, who was Vietnamese, rattled something off in Vietnamese, and the server disappeared off into the kitchen to plug in the order. The conversation here was good. The ambiance was good for Vietnamese, not too quiet, but not loud either, which was perfect. She ultimately got a rice plate with a meat of some sort, and shrimp summer rolls (or spring rolls, in this part of the country).
We both shared the shrimp rolls and it was good. It was made to order and not frozen cold to the touch. The Pho itself was served in a gigantic bowl, but only  1/2 of it was actual broth, meat, and vegetables. The bean sprouts they give is small and not real generous, along with the basil, but what can you do. I probably should have asked for more, but meh. I was tired and hungry. The broth was pretty good with flavor and there wasn't that much meat to begin with anyway.  The prices here are pretty reasonable, although you get what you pay for, which isn't really much. I would say that the Pho itself was pretty good and delicious, but it would be better with more noodles and meat, along with the more generous portion of bean sprouts and basil to make it an epic sized portion of Pho. Service, as mentioned before was okay. They refilled our water once before we finished our meals and we got up to pay. It took us maybe 30 minutes from sitting down to leaving. It was pretty quick.
They take credit cards, so that was pretty good. If you are in the mood for Vietnamese, you can give this place a shot, although there are a few places in Philadelphia Chinatown to try first before giving this place a shot. My overall experience was average. If you wanted a quick meal of Pho, this is your best bet. Simple and meaningful without overspending, this is your place to be. 
No muss or fuss.
Support local!
B-This is my family's go-to place for pho when we're in Chinatown, and I've only tried the pho here. We haven't tried the pho anyplace else in Chinatown, so I can't compare. The interior is on the smaller side, with a refrigerator of drinks next to the register. It's dimly lit and has a nice atmosphere.
Each order is a large bowl with a lot of bean sprouts, basil, lime, and jalapenos to add.  All the types of pho that I've tried are yummy, but nothing really stands out. I usually leave stuffed (especially if it's a cold day and I drink most of the broth). Overall, a nice place to get a standard bowl of pho.In a pinch, a rush, starving, have no where else to go ? this is the place but nothing more. It's packed due to the heavy lunch rush and it's location. Don''t make it a point to go to this place unless in desperate need as I first listed.Weak.
I was very unimpressed with my food here - the summer rolls were tiny and understuffed, the chicken in my pho was dry, and the broth was tasteless - needless to say I had to slam it with sriracha and all the fixings.  Service was a little slow - and there were only 3 other parties in the place at 6:30pm.
You're way better off going down the street to Vietnam, or heading down to 11th & Washington for Viet Huong or Nam Phuong.Price range at $8-$12, but serves subpar Vietnamese food.  If you're simply craving that Vietnamese flavor pho cali will do just fine, but if you want really great Vietnamese food with a soup containing that deep bone marrow flavor, this is not the place.  Their grilled beef with broken rice ($8.00) was very subpar and their house combo pho ($8.00) had low quality noodles.  Also, when I came there was barely any business so I kind of expect decent service.  Instead the owners and employees just sat at a corner table and napped/chatted.  My water was empty from beginning to end.  With an expansive Chinatown in Philly, there's not much reason to come here.It was perfect weather for pho. Rainy and not so nice. Some good warm soup was what I wanted to warm my bones. But unfortunately for me, I only had a few bucks on me, and Pho Cali's minimum credit card order was something like fifteen bucks. Blah. So instead, I got a bahn mi.
And while the taste was pretty good, the portion was pretty skimpy. Most of the time, a bahn me fills me up appropriately, but upon getting to my friends place, I devoured a bunch of hummus. Yeah, the four dollar price was nice, but raise it a buck and give us some more food. Or call it a bahn mi appetizer or something.I tried this place just for the fun of it. I started to another time, but had a change of heart at the last minute. So I take a seat and look over the menu and I got some pho. I think I'm forever spoiled by the customary teapot @Pho75 because now I'm really let down when I don't get one. Instead I ordered iced tea.
Okay now about the pho... on the side they gave me a half of a HALF of a lime. I'm used to at least getting a half. And I was given 2 slices of jalapeno (or was it chili pepper?) and bean sprouts, but NO LEAVES! When I eat pho I perform a ritual and I can't do ritual without the leaves (and the tea)! So I squeezed as much juice as I could from that 1/4 lime and added my hoison. They put more lime in my iced tea (the tea was great!) than on the garnish plate.
The bowl was a little bigger than what I'm used to, but it also costs a little more. It was good, but the vegetables were sparse. The leaves would've done so much justice. With a bigger bowl, there should be a bigger portion. There was enough meat for my satisfaction and the noodles were right. The extra broth was no substitute for the things that come standard at the other places I've been. I added the bean sprouts to the leftover broth, but it was just  too much.
I liked the atmosphere at Pho Cali. There were a number of business people on lunch in there. The chairs are a little more comfortable than what I'm used to and there was a variety of seating (tables for 2, 4, and high chairs at the windows).
I probably won't be back here for pho... maybe something else. I wanted to try one of their specialty drinks, but I was scared because when I asked them what's what I never know what they're talking about. I'm thankful they had iced tea and that it was good.I haven't had Vietnamese before, so I was looking forward to eating here, especially after hearing positive reviews from coworkers. One coworker mentioned it didn't compare to vietnamese he has had in the past but thought it was good. others were more positive. So, my take is the place is okay but it is far from great, regardless of how it compares to other Vietnamese restaurants. One big thigh for me is that I hate cilantro and their soups are loaded with cilantro. The rice noodles were great but the broth was no flavorful enough in my opinion. All that said, I would possibly (maybe) go back.
They have a minimum card charge, so being cash if you're going alone or with a party and want separate checks.Went there for dinner, the pho is a bit over price compare to other ones in the Chinatown area. The soup doesn't come with a lot of meat either, the spring rolls were ok, but once again smaller portion sizes than other vietnamese restaurants in the area. Service was not the most friendly but a good beer selection.I love this place. It's family owned and operated. The pho is consistently great. I've bounced around the menu but have landed on #2, the smaller of two house specials. When with a friend, a pair of spring rolls is a must. The shrimp rolls are delightful if you're fixing for fried goodness. They also
serve beer if you're thirsty.
Be aware that English is definitely a second language. The friendly woman is in charge and she understands more than she can return. It's ok to point at what you want on the menu. 
As it gets colder, check out Pho Cali for a steamy bowl of pho (they are open until 10 PM)!This is my favorite place to get pho in Philadelphia. The service is always fast and extremely attentive, and the food is fantastic. I'm not really a traditional pho person, but I do love me some bun (that sentence looks so embarrassing in English, I admit.) Anyway, "bun" is basically pho without the broth, and that works for me. I prefer the Bun Thjt Nuong, which is shredded pork and vegetables over vermicelli, or the Bun Cha Gio Thjt Nuong, which adds a fried spring roll into the mix.
Honorable mentions: great spring rolls, awesome Vietnamese iced coffee, and pretty decent bubble tea.
Along with ice water, hot tea is free with the meal -- but you have to ask for it.
I only took off one star because they have an annoying, arbitrary "minimum" for credit/debit card payments.The Pho was satisfying--but how can you screw up Pho? Spring rolls a bit rubbery but my main issue was the service. I ordered a large bowl of Pho for my two children to share and it took 4 tries to get an actual ladle to split up the soup. It does in a pinch if you don't want Chinese, but there's better Vietnamese in South Philly and Upper Darby.I've been here several times and usually enjoy myself. I find the good to be consistent, but not the best Vietnamese in town.Vietnamese might be my favorite food. I'm in love with cilantro, Thai basil, peanut sauce.... rice noodles... OH MY! We stopped in here to get something for our drive home after a day of looking for the perfect soup dumpling, some chicken spring rolls and some fried tofu spring rolls and some iced coffee.... YUMMY!Holy portion size Batman! We took home a Pho to split, I think it was the house meat special or something along those lines, it had all available meat and seafood in it. They didn't hold back at all, we split it in 2 soup bowls and it filled both of them nearly to the brim. I loved the fresh basil and sprouts. The broth was one of my all time favorites, but I am so glad I held back on putting lots of spice in as it can really add a HUGE kick and change the dish completely as it did my husbands. He loved it, and so did I. The only fix would have been trimming some of the fat off the meat, as a few pieces were almost nothing but fat.Second time here, and the pho is amazing each time!!! It seems as though as soon as you entered you are greeted, seated, given water and a menue to order all within a minute! The food serving size is always more than enough for my greedy husbands eyes, fresh and served within five minutes of placing the order.Zero star if I could. Chicken pho is disgusting, they dont use fresh chicken. Instead they use frozen white boneless chicken....ughh. This place is not authentic Vietnamese pho. Better luck at pho xe lua.Poorest of the poor.  Low quality food and service. The waitress did even say thank you.  For those of you who think the food is good.  You don't know what good Vietnamese is.food is yummy...can't complain about the taste but i can complain about the price.....they increased the prices not too long ago so booo..but DON"T GET the bubble tea there...it's nasty...i ordered a thai ice tea and it tasted like friggin papaya. i was like HUH????Yo this place is my jump off! I have eaten like everything on the menu on the Pho side. Well I guess all they really do is give you the same broth and noodles then you just switch up what you put inside of it. Holla. 
The real jump off is the salty Lemonade or salty plum drinks. The salty plum is that japanese plum, I guess they pickle it some how and its really dope, then they drop it into a lightly carbonated drink and the sweet salty taste is da bomb. 
If you can't make it down to Washington Ave then head here.. Nuff said.Pho wasn't that great, it tasted sour.. if you want an amazing pho go to Pho 75, its amazing.I thought this place was like 2 years old and fairly new to Chinatown. But after entering and speaking with the owners. I found out that Pho Cali has been there for a decade; and it was I that has been out of touch with Chinatown. The place is small,  quaint, and clean. The service is swift from ordering to being served (5 mins).  I ordered the Pho with rare steak, tendons, and tripe(no.7). "Delicious!" The broth was bold and crisp with all signs of the liquid being fused with the bones used to flavor it. The rice noodles were smooth and tender. I really enjoyed it. $8.50 for that huge bowl of Pho during a cold night, really lifts the spirits. Anytime I'm in Chinatown, this will be a major pick in dining options.Affordable price and delicious pho! Soup was pretty good, even though I had pho with better soup before. My only wishes would be to have better soup and better black, fish sauce - I like the standard bottle ones Vietnamese restaurants usually have. Food came out quickly. One bad thing is that the toilet in this restaurant doesn't flush well - also in woman's room (my gf told me).
But I really like this place. I will come again to eat delicious pho and become super full and satisfied.I had lunch with a friend here before and I thought it was ok. The second time I came with the kids and it was ok. The restaurant had kids stuff and electric sharpners and papers all towards the back wall piled up from the floor. Would I eat here again? Maybe, it depends on the long lines at other restaurants.I love Pho and have eaten many Phos wherever I find the opportunity, so I know what to expect taste-wise. We ordered a few Phos, vermicellis, and some spring rolls. The vermicellis and spring rolls were quite tasty but the Pho was mediocre as the soup was rather bland and watered down. This I can live with but worst of all, the service was horrible. The first man who showed us our table was very polite so I thought this was going to be a nice place I will continue to frequent. But things turned for the worse. The lady who came over to take our order and served us, which appeared to be the owner by the looks of her attitude, was rude and impatient. There were 7 of us and we were not that hungry so we ordered enough to share. She gave us the "look" of disapproval as if we did not ordered enough to visit her establishment. And when the orders arrived, we requested for a few extra small bowls so we can share and she rudely replied "can you not wait??" rather harshly and gave us another "look" of disgust. When she brought the bowls over, she literally slammed the bowls on the table and muttered something which we could not understand. Such attitude! We then quickly finished up our meal and never will we go back with such bad attitude!I recently discovered this Chinatown gem thanks to a coworker who recommended it. I came on yelp to confirm her rave reviews about it and quickly made my way over for dinner. 
The menu is the typical offerings and all priced well. We ordered the pho and vermicelli noodles with spring rolls, and everything was great. The broth of the pho was perfectly seasoned and the noodles had great flavor.
The service here is 10x better than any other Pho place I have been to. They actually came around and refilled our water glasses multiple times and when the server noticed my husband and I were passing our fork back and forth (I really need to learn how to use chopsticks) he quickly came over with a new one.
Can't wait to return!This place always looked interesting, so I finally stopped in about a year ago and haven't stopped coming. My favorite thing to order is a hoagie and for $3.25, it's an extremely amazing deal. The bun and pho are great, too, but the hoagies and summer rolls keep me coming back. 
Just a note, they only take credit cards for orders over $15, so just fyi.To me, this is the best viet place for grilled pork chop over rice. Their pork chop is grilled to perfection. Excellent broken rice. 
Their grilled chicken over rice has plenty of meat, and juicy. 
Their pho is good too, but i believe 2nd best in philly's chinatown. 
Also, you should try their hoagies. 3.25 you get alot of pork(or beef, and another kind)on a near foot long sandwich. The pork is very similar to the ones they use for the rice, but thinner. It is very good.A small & convenient pho restaurant in Chinatown. Quick service, fast food & my water seemed to always get refilled as it reached the halfway point in my cup. Not the best pho I've had, but it sure hits the spot. Their taro bubble tea is absolutely delicious! I would definitely recommend this to everyone. 
Portions, as other people have stated are very generous. My small tai pho was the size of a large at other restaurants. The broth is pretty clear, & they sure do give you a lot of it. The onions in the pho, to my dismay are sometimes either too raw or too cooked where they get to the point of mush. Decent noodle to meat ratio, sometimes my bowl has too much of one, & too little of the other. The owners are also very nice, every time I've been here, the owner has always been my waiter. Been here a couple of times, & I've never been disappointed. It's nice to have some pho options in Chinatown instead of having to drive all the way over to Washington Ave.Ordered here for delivery through eat24.  Found the food to be ok.  The broth was pretty good and the pho wasn't bad.  Problem with the meat and the vegetables and noodles in the same container.  Was jam packed in there and the meat juices (which looks like blood at times) got over all the noodles.  That looked worse than it tasted since the taste was pretty good.  But visuals count. (-1)
Issue was with the summer roll, which stuck together because they were wrapped and placed in the same container.  Also, the sauce for the summer roll was pretty watery, which is a bit strange for me.  Others might like it but I wasn't a fan. (-3/4)
Asked for more hot sauce and got none instead.  Stuff happens.  Wasn't thrilled (-1/4)
Would I return?  Maybe.  The pho broth is better than I usually have access to.   But highly doubt it.Pho Cali doesn't make the best food in Chinatown, but they give you ridiculous portions for a good price. If I had a craving for pho, I'd definitely go back.
P.S. They give you cilantro and a lime with every bowl, which is a major plus for me!So good and fast. Usually takes about 5 minutes for a piping hot bowl of pho. Always fresh and tasty. Summer rolls are also delicious as well as their bubble tea.THE PROS:
The lady who works there (The manager or owner?) has a very welcoming presence.
Also, the fixins that came with my pho were impressively fresh.
THE CONS:
The vegetarian pho needs a lot of work:  Imagine noodles, vegetables, and tofu with hot water poured over them.  Even the lime and sriracha could not redeem this flavorless soup.A slightly expensive, but decently clean version of pho and the waitstaff here makes up for the differences in size by being super-friendly. The appetizers are good, too, nice and hot, and the bubble tea actually isn't that bad. 
While the pho soup itself isn't too different from most places, it isn't as bland as I would've expected (there are far worse in my experience), and the staff was more than kind enough to get me more bean sprouts when asked.Pho yeah this place is great!  Good Pho, get the vietnamese spring rolls.My first venture into Vietnamese food, I thought it was pretty tasty!
My sister has been living in Philly this semester on an internship so we let her be our guide.  Her favorite Szechuan place was closed so we ended up at Pho Cali instead.
We were served water very quickly and the waitress came over to get our order within a few minutes.  Then popped up a bowl of bean sprouts with some sort of dipping oil with carrots in it (I still want to know what the oily/vinegar was, b/c it was good!).  We ended up with a Banh Mi Bo Nuong, a Com Tam Bi and a pho bowl with rare beef.  All three were delicious.  The pho bowls were ginormous!  Good broth, plenty of noodles & the beef was good as well.  The banh mi was very tasty - grilled seasoned beef on a crusty piece of baguette with that dipping sauce from earlier.  And the pork & rice dish wasn't too bad either (the rice was a bit dry).
$18 before tip = not shabby for a filling dinner for 3.Good pho house in Chinatown 
Price is ok and the food is very good and delicious. The service is friendly my wife and I like it for quick noodle soup.i go to this place when ever i'm in town,i like the hoagies,spring rolls ,and the bubble tea is pretty interesting,i also like the pho,all reasonably priced.i like the ambience,always  get a seat and recommend it to my friends and coworkers.staff was pretty nice and asked if we wanted a refill when our water went down.Great pho ga at a reasonable price. And I always love having the coconut drink with my pho.  I spent just $11 for my dinner. The pho ga was in a big bowl, too, and they serve it quickly.The pho and bahn mi were awesome. 
And picking up takeout was so damn fast my girlfriend didn't even have time to experience asian obscenities and Chinatown horn honking whilst double parked outside.I am surprised I haven't reviewed this place yet.  It was a chilly late spring day when I walked through the doors of Pho Cali.  This was the first time I have eaten Pho.  I must say it was very tasty.  The portion was very large and the the food came out very fast.  The restaurant was very busy when we stopped in.  If there was an empty table, it didn't stay that way for very long.  There was defiantly a steady stream of people coming in for some good eats.  We also had an appetizer (though I can't remember what we had at this point) and that was also extremely good.  We both ordered some Honey-Dew bubble tea's to wet out pallets. 
Now bubble tea is something I have had a lot of, and This was up there in the top 3 of good bubble tea.  I know it is hard to mess up bubble tea... but you would be surprised.  
Really my only complaint with Pho Cali, is how busy it was.  See when we walked in the doors the only open table was by the door.  We gladly took it.  But as I said it was a chilly day out, an I had the chair right next to the door.  Every time someone walked in or out, I got a cool breeze on my back.  My fiance being on the other side of the table was fine.  But, in the end, I had some nice hot Pho to keep me warm.
We will be heading back to Pho Cali this weekend for some tasty lunch.I dined in for dinner after work. Got a beef pho with rare/flank steak and was amazed by how fast it came out. I'm a huge pho fan so I've always wanted to give this place a try whenever I passed by Jefferson Station. I usually look for four things in phos: veggies, noodles, meat, and broth. The pho veggies were great. Looked clean and fresh with no water dripping. The quality of meat was good with a right amount in a bowl of pho. Noodles were okay but not stellar. My only disappointment was the broth. It just wasn't that rich compared to other places. Overall a good place when you are craving for a quick pho before catching your train.This place smells like bug spray. They sprayed windex in my face while cleaning a table and it went in my nose and face while eating. They charge a lot and there Tofu is not organic. I hate the windex being sprayed while I eat. We're humans and having windex sprayed in my face while eating is just plain inconsiderate.I just had to update to 5 stars ... They are fast and everything is delicious - rare beef pho and coconut bubble tea is perfect, best I have experienced so far. I have now lived by Pho Cali for a year and a half - so I have had more than enough time to try the competition. 
The pho comes with the sprouts and basil which come to find out is not "standard" to all places. We have tried a few others, seafood and chicken and they are equally as amazing.
The coconut bubble tea is blended (again not standard for other places) it is light, not super sweet and with the tapioca, it is really the best I have tried. Also their is no dairy in this one. The Honeydew is also delicious however it is creamy so pretty sure their is dairy in it. 
They actually take credit cards for anything over $15.00, so if your just going for a small bite take cash.
If you are looking for amazing pho and super fast service, go here - you won't be disappointed.I saw the good reviews and was looking forward to some pho. Maybe they were having an off day. The portion was small. Usually I'm quite full after a bowl of pho. But here I could have eaten a second one. The broth was actually pretty good. More beefy but not as spiced. The Thai basil they gave me had seen better days. Wilted and some leaves were brown/black. The lime wedge was a weird mix of yellow and green and the skin was not round. That lime should have been thrown away. The bean sprouts were fine. Finally, the beef was really bad and there wasn't that much in there. Overall, I was very disappointed.Very tasty pho, and excellent summer rolls. Very clean place, and very good service. I will definitely return agin in the future.I've been here lots of times whenever I come back to visit over the past few years... and I thought the food was alright. It wasn't terrible or anything... but I guess I've been spoiled by Vietnamese food while living in San Francisco. I would come here while I was in the neighborhood to hang out with friends and we would stop by to have lunch, but the food doesnt knock my socks off where I'll come here out of my way (espeically with horrid parking sitation since its pretty much downtown) to come eat here.We go there alot and I get the vegetarian pho, friendly and flexible and cheap :)
I wish it was more flavorful though but I ask for no MSG and vegetable stock.This place has taken a nose dive since it first opened. The soup is either bland or overly salty, it never hits the perfect spot. They don't give you a lot of protein, and load your bowl up with noodles to make you fuller. The place still remains a semi clean environment but it's a far cry to the pristine condition it used to be. I feel like the owners don't care anymore and benefitting from their great spot in the Chinatown area.I know, this place simply can't compete with some of the Pho places down on washington. But it's convenient, cheap, and tasted authentic to my basterdized Chinese palate. 
I got the special, which was something like $6 for the largest bowl of soup and noodles I've ever seen. It was twice the size of the regular bowls of Pho. I really can't complain. 
Brad's rating (out of 5):
Price: 4
Food: 4
Decor: 3
Service: 5
Wild card: Pretty sure it's owned by Chinese people...MMM! This was my first experience trying Pho and I loved it.  The meal was inexpensive, service was fast and good, and it was delicious. For those of you who were like me yesterday, with no knowledge of what this is.. it's basically a bowl of soup (that you can add sauces into to make it as spicy/sweet/etc. as you want.) In the soup there is chicken or beef, whichever you choose, then piles of rice noodles.  They give you a plate of herbs and little veggies to put in there too.  IT WAS DELICIOUS, and very filling.I love Pho Cali, not only because it is around the corner from me (but that is a great perk), but because it always has constantly excellent Vietnamese dishes, and most importantly because of their take out beer! 
Just walk in and the aroma of what you are about to eat makes your stomach smile!
For Pho rare beef and brisket is my go to. I'm also a big fan of the beef bahn mi (which is oh so inexpensive).   
Their take out beer is the cheapest in china town.Price gose up. Taste, noodles, meats goes down. They don't know how to smile,and say hiVery quick! Got hot shrimp pho to go. Great smell and taste, seemed very fresh. I was impressed by the fast and friendly service. My first time getting pho, so I had nothing to compare it to, but I thought it was great! Would definitely go back to dine in, really chill diner feel.Bad service and bad experience! When I order a mango smoothie without bubble for my son! Unfortunately they make with bubble! Because my son was allergy with bubble and they just bring in to kitchen and remove the bubble! I try to tell him again my son was allergy with bubble, they just say just a little bubble won't allergy!Terrible dont come here. Ordered the pho deluxe. Huge bowl full of soup. 10%noodles 3 pieces of meat.  Legendary FAILI go to Pho Cali at least once a week.  It's sad, but true.  Pho Cali is my favorite place in the city to get pho.  I get the #10 and spring rolls - SO TASTY.  I will agree that there aren't many vegetarian options on the menu, but I know for a fact that the owner will make you anything you'd like - just ask!  I'm not sure why every one refers to her as unfriendly, the whole restaurant is family run and I find them all to be extremely pleasant.My first experience with pho and this place was a good first choice. The big bowls of food never leave you hungry and its so affordable!. Try the bubble tea here (mango), they make it from fresh fruit as soon as you order it. Great place for groups!Blah, I do not like it at all. 
Our orders: Deluxe Combo Pho (tendons, flanks etc) for my friend, Deluxe Vermicelli (shrimp on sugar cane, grilled pork, and some hot dog looking like thing), and an large order of spring rolls.
Strike one: When my friend recieved his pho, he thought they gave him the wrong order because of the lack of tendons. When the server came over, he looked through the pho and found two tiny pieces of tendon and said "nope, this is your order." 
Strike two: I dumped the entire bowl of the carrot vingear plus several squirts of the hot sauce and STILL no flavor and incrediblely dry noodles!I didn't like the hot dog looking- thing, and the shrimp on sugar cane was so dry .It was so horrible that I actually pushed my less than half eaten bowl away. (and I once ate a fistful of dirt as a dare back in 8th grade.. so that is bad!)
Strike three: We order 8 fried spring rolls as an appetizer (the waiter said they are very small ) and they didn't arrive til way after we begun our main course. The spring rolls are available at 4 for 4.50 or 8 for 7.50. I got full after 2 and a half roll and that made me mad because if I were to just get an order by myself, not only do I have to pay over a dollar for each roll but i would have 1 and a half roll just sitting there. It would be a lot easier to just make a bigger rolls or have an order of just 2 rolls. 
The two stars are 1. for the history of pho in the back of the menu and 2. because i am nice.
Please people... get up off your lazy butt and walk an extra step to get better food for a cheaper price.This restaurant thrives only because of its location.  Sadly, because it is situated closer to the high-volume area of Market street, it gets more business in spite of the fact that there are cheaper restaurants with much better food right around the corner.
But forget about the competition--let's evaluate this place for what it is, and particularly, for the Pho they serve.
The Pho is average, perhaps slightly above average, but nothing exciting.  The menu does not present much variation on how you can order the Pho.  When the Pho arrives...it's passable, but not all that flavorful.  The vegetables were not the freshest I've seen, although I've seen worse.  I also tried some of the other dishes here.  In my opinion they were significantly more bland than the Pho.
This place may seem cheap, but like I said, there are cheaper places right around the corner serving better food.  It's a 3-star place...the bottom line is that there's absolutely no reason anyone should eat here when there are 5-star places, cheaper, a few blocks away..A small restaurant in a convenient location.  This was the first time I experienced pho; my fiance has tasted pho in many places, and said I would not be disappointed.  I now cannot eat enough pho!I enjoyed the food here and have been back multiple times.  The broth of the pho is well balanced with good flavoring, and the bean sprouts/basil are always fresh.  I have tried the flank steak, tofu, and shrimp pho...all very good.  The staff is friendly and service is fast.  I have also done take out, and tastes just as good, they package it well.  Pho now is on my list of comfort food (Recently, I tried pho in southern california...excellent, but this place definitely does compare) A worthwhile place to check out for sure!I'm from the land of pho "San Francisco" and I can honestly say this place is photastic!! I have to eat pho like once a week (I'm pretty much addicted) and I'd come here time and time again. Always consistent. Taro Bubble tea is sooooo good. Enjoy your pho peeps!I love the quick service here.  The vermicelli with spring roll and sliced beef was really good. You really cannot beat the prices...  I have had better Vietnamese food.The service is fast and unless you spend over $15.00 you must pay in cash. They will argue with you because I witnessed it with another customer. I started with the shrimp spring rolls. They were light, nice presentation and with just a few pieces of shrimp. The peanut sauce was served on the side for dipping. I ordered pho, specifically the Cambodian Style Phnom Penh Soup. The broth was delicious. I loved the noodles and I added lots of hot sauce. I also ordered the coconut bubble tea. It was refreshing and flavorful. I was pleased with my meal. The restaurant was clean and reasonably priced.The Pho was good but I did not care for the summer rolls.  The order came with two which was good but the vermicelli paper was doubled up which gave it a weird texture and messed up the balance.  I have eaten my fair share of summer rolls in the US and Vietnam and these did not make the cut.  I made a comment to my brother that the server did not write orders down and then when food came out it was wrong.. She brought extra Pho and summer rolls to those who didn't order them.. Very slow to refill drinks.  Service 2 star, Food 3 star, Ambiance 2 star.Whenever I have a pho craving this is my spot. The food comes out crazy fast (like within 5 minutes) and is hot and delicious. I always get a bubble tea with my pho as well, definitely recommended to quell the temperature of the pho and the spice from the must add ingredient, sriracha.So good! We stumbled upon this place when visiting Philly and we were not disappointed. We stuck to the traditional spring rolls and pho and loved every bite.The Pho is soooooo good! And cheap! And so filling! A must visit. Simple as that.Solid Pho, especially for Chinatown.  Prices are completely in line with other Pho places, from Washington Ave to the other end of C-Town.  I was happy with my large deluxe.  The meats were well portioned and tasty and the broth seemed to balance them well.  I was a bit disappointed with the bean sprouts portions provided with my large bowl and the ones provided weren't looking that healthy.  Of course, it was later on a Friday night.
Given how short a walk it is from Market East Station, I suspect I will be back to fine tune their rating.  As for now, Pho Cali is safe to enjoy!Great prices, big bowls of Pho, and quick service.  It's my favorite 'pit stop' place in China town.  Leave your inner snob at home and enjoy it for what it is.The service was great. However I found the noodles to be very soft. I have had better Pho.So my venture through Chinatown begins....
Note: This review isn't actually on their pho.
I came here super hungry for lunch and wanted some Vietnamese but not pho. Looking at the menu, they offer a bunch of different Vietnamese dishes including com tam (broken rice), noodle soups, vermicelli bowls, etc so I thought it'd be a good place to just pick something that my roommate and I can both eat. It's a cold day so I got the Mi Nam Vang (egg noodle soup) and she got some other noodle soup. They were both okay but somehow ended up looking exactly the same and tasting about the same too. The broth was a little salty for me and by the end of my bowl, I can taste the oil/fat layer in my mouth. Besides that, the noodles were cooked fine and the seafood mix was okay. It tasted more like frozen ingredients though. 
Overall, okay place. Most dishes are 6 dollars so it makes an easy lunch but I think I'm going to continue exploring Chinatown for better.My wife and I like pho, and have had it in lots of places, from excellent to terrible. A week ago we went to Pho Cali and had very good beef pho and shrimp pho. The decor is lousy, and the tables are pitted and cracked, but beauty isn't that important to us, in fact, usually the worse the place looks, the better the pho tastes.
So, last Saturday we went back with our daughter and had shrimp pho again, chicken pho, and roast chicken over broken rice, and they were all not great. The chicken in the chicken pho tasted freezer burned, the roast chicken in the roast chicken over broken rice was dry and flavorless, and the shrimp pho was not nearly as good as before. And on TOP of that, as we were eating, the owners decided to assemble new tables in the back of the restaurant with power tools. 5 feet from our head, ZZZZZZZZT! ZZZZZZZZT! Over and over at least a half an hour. This is a small place, and the noise was terrible. The owner looked at us, shrugged and half apologized, saying that they're open all the time, and they have to do it during the business day. But at 5pm on a Saturday night?? 
This showed terrible disrespect to us and the rest of the customers, of which there were a dozen or so. 
The combination of bad food and disrespect from the owner has made us decide to not come back. There are better places. 
Sorry Pho Cali, I really wanted to like you, too.It's a nice, small place in Chinatown. Can't miss it as the location is practically golden. (10th and Arch; Right there by the big chinatown gate)
I really like the service. They're very fast. The pho itself, however, is nothing spectacular. I'm not exactly a fan of this place but I'll go back. This is relatively clean space that has about 8 different beer choices. Not bad. It's also cheap. The portions are REALLY large. I have never been able to finish a bowl. Even after a night of endless drink-athon.
Do not get a Bahn mi here...it's totally weak!Ehhh . . . What can I say, I'm a big fan of pho. 
Everything about it is great.  Its light, tasty, you can season it yourself, and it almost always comes with a rock bottom price tag.  As far a cheap eats go, pho's awesomeness is truly unrivaled.  However, as with all eats, there are the goods and the bads amongst the flock.  
Imagine pho like the Vietnamese equivalent of pizza - most of the joints serving up a bowl do a pretty good job. But like slices, there are the ones that get you by in a fix and those that you travel for.  Sadly, Pho Cali is a member of a the former camp.  This is not the place to take some pho-tyro after you drunkenly raved about how awesome spring rolls would be circa 3 am the night before.  
There is nothing to really write home about here.  The ingredients are standard.  The spring rolls are good and crispy.  The broth is light and tasty.  But, does it blow you socks off?  Naw, not really.  If you are hungry and in a rush, shop in.  It won't let you down.  But if you want the dopeness look elsewhere.good Pho and summer rolls and you can't beat the price. 
If you're not a red-meat eater, however, you won't have too many options.I wasn't so hungry but my boyfriend was starving so he ordered pho & I ate the summer rolls.  The pho was okay -- good enough to get you full but didn't leave you deliciously satisfied.  I tried a bit of his & I wasn't overwhelmed by it.
The summer rolls -- I had the pork and shrimp -- were pretty lackluster.  They were just these floppy rice rolls.  The only reason they tasted good was because I doused each bit with the hoisin sauce they provided.
I really wanted good bubble tea too so I ordered regular milk tea with tapioca.  This was the first time I never finished my bubble tea!  I drank maybe a 1/4 of it.  The tapioca was all stuck together in a giant goop & clogged my straw too!  The tea was mehh.  I just put it to the side & drank my water.This Pho place is the best pho restaurant in philadelphia. I've been to at least 3-4 competitors in the chinatown area and none are as savory or as cost conservative. I get a large seafood bowl and my girlfriend gets the beef.The broth in their pho is pretty rich and flavorful, even better than I remembered.  Service was really quick, but they didn't mind us lingering to chat and have some beer.  Best of all, the prices are so reasonable.  Delicious cheap fast food!I nicknamed this place Bun Cali - because i much prefer to get the bun here - tho the Pho is good, too.
My little daughter likes the Sugar Cane shrimp.
CHEAP, fast and a good Viet-fix when you need one.
Decor is very basic and could use a clean-up.I wouldnt say I was blown away from the pho but it was decent. This was my first time trying it so I am not sure how it compared to other places but I was not the biggest fan. The noodles and broth were delicious but nothing that blew me away.
We also got the shrimp and pork summer rolls and those were mediocre.
I got the Taro bubble tea too and the tapioca was very disappointing.This was my go-to place.  I went over 50 times I'd say for their great Pho.  I'd had better stock at other places, but no where was as consistently good, with higher than expected quality of meat and noodles.  This is a pho, noodle and ban mi restaurant, don't come here if you want a huge crazy menu, check out Vietnam instead.
1 order summer rolls, #14.  I'll miss you, Pho Cali.still one of the best vietnamese places i have ever tried and trust me i have tried way too many. i remember going to this spot 8 years ago, before they made it look less homeless-chic and would serve underground tsing taos. its the place of many good memories for me. probably going to have my next bday party here if youre interested in attending. my cake can be made out of bahn mi and bun please.My boyfriend and I decided to give this place a try, I got the pho and my boyfriend got the rice platter with bbq pork. The pho was very bland and did not taste good and so was the rice platter.I usually eat at the Vietnamese junctions between Washington and 7th-16th. Was trying for Pho closer to Fairmount. By far, one of the lesser restaurant experiences I've had. 
The service as agreed with below par. Lady manager was swatting at mosquitos that were flying around the tables and my soup. One customer actually had to move they were being bothered. Younger waiter was running around looking stressed and not paying attention to customers who were eating. 
Pho was decent, not much meat or vegetables but a little more expensive at $9/bowl. 
At end, had to wave down to get my check and they have a $15 minimum charge for cards.
Check out Washington Ave or THE MIXED PLATE on South St for quality vibes and Pho!It's alrite, fast, fairly clean.  
Soup was pretty good, the noodle was a bit too chewy, meat portion were small.So, my friend and I have been wandering around Philly and trying new foods that he has not had before.  So, for Valentine's Day, I decided that we have Vietnamese food.  So, since I had amazing Vietnamese food in China Town during the Night Market Festival months ago at a different venue, I said why not? 
So, being that Pho Cali is one of the only Vietnamese places open past 9pm on a Tuesday night, we chose this place.  We walked in and were promptly seated.  The female owner that everyone seems to complain about was in a rather good mood that night and actually smiled at me several times.  
My friend ordered the baked chicken over broken rice and it was just o-kay, nothing to write home about.  But, the sauce that it came with was amazing.
My shrimp pho was a little on the salty side, and even my friend noticed it.  He said that it tasted like higher end Top Ramen (the Ramen noodles in the package that college students love to eat that is high in sodium, fat, etc.).  Well, yea, that is what it tasted like, although I still loved the flavor over all, including the fresh basil, bean sprouts, scallions, etc.
I do not believe that I will go back, but it was nice to try.
P.S. I had two Tiger beers and was pretty excited about that.  Tiger beer is delicious and it is only $3.50 a bottle at their restaurant.
My friend did not like his strawberry bubble tea, I did not try it because the beer was on my mind and taste buds. lolAppalled by the food and service here.
I had nowhere to eat at 3pm because most other restaurants aren't open until 4 so i decided to try pho cali. As an avid pho eater, i'm very critical about how the pho tastes so upon eating here, I have never been so disappointed. First of all, the broth is unbelievably watered down to the point that i'm just drinking boiled water. What makes pho amazing is the broth so if thats watered down and contains no flavor, the meat and noodles mean absolutely nothing. Not only was the broth awful, the noodle-to-meat ratio was way off balance. In smaller than usual bowls that are only filled halfway, it contained about 6 small squared pieces of meat and a big handful of noodles. They seem to be very stingy with their ingredients and thats not any way to run a restaurant. although I have only seen and tasted 2 different types of pho, they were completely identical to every last ingredient; I ordered raw beef and it was well-done.
Lastly, id like to add that none of the workers said a single word to us besides, "ready?" I understand the language barrier as immigrants, but customer service is the same all around the world, communication is key.Solid Chinatown pho when I don't want to walk any further. It's on my rotation, and will remain there.  This place has the distinction of having the smallest bathrooms in Philly.Pho is good and it comes out quick. I believe their was a minimum for credit cards. But they had beer as well which was cool.Came all the way from nyc to eat some pho and was quite disappointed. The pho broth was very bland and the summer roll was just ok. Nothing special. The only good thing is that it was well air conditioned on this hot day3.5 stars!!!! The pho is delish. I can definitely taste the msg but the flavor of the beef broth is seasoned well. The broth has a deep beef taste with a cilantro back note. The pho is loaded with a great amount of fresh meat and topped off with onion garnishes. The onions are paper thin that they cook into the broth of your pho. The pho is instantly a tad bit sweeter from the onions. 
However, I personally did not enjoy the spring roll exterior. The spring rolls had the texture of egg rolls rather than the spring rolls that I expected. However, I loved the filling of the spring roll. The meat inside the spring roll was super juicy and loaded with great flavors. When you take a bite of the spring roll you expect the filling to be that of an egg roll due to the exterior. However, the spring rolls are loaded with thick juicy meat. The meat has a lot of fat in it so in return the meat melts in your mouth. I do wish they served a bit more of the seasoned vinegar fish sauce with their rolls.My sisters and I we decided to go to China town hangout last Sunday, we walked around we saw the place. We usually enjoy  Vietnamese food ,so we went there. 
The food was ok , plenty of space and the order was fast. I got Bun Cha Gio Thjt Nuong spring roll & grilled pork over vermicelli , the sauce was the main factor that make this dish good but it was not salty enough ,so I keep putting more sauce.
 My sister ordered special Pho with everything on it. The soup was good. She actually liked it , the blow was big though and she finished it all I was amazed by that.
The ice coffee  and salted plum soda were good.
Over all , I would say the place was ok and the price was also reasonable. It's good experience to try difference kids of food in China town.I decided last night that in the rain I would give myself a one block radius for picking up some dinner. That actually affords me a really good number of restaurants and wawa, but none were screaming my name. I gave a quick once over the Banana Leaf menu, but was feeling a little meh on the Malaysian and decided to give Pho Cali a try. I ordered their bun with grilled pork and spring rolls, it was the perfect fit to my hot, sticky, rainy, pre-summer night. I settled for the light noodles as a take out order because I figured that to get the true pho experience I would be better off accompanied by someone, anyone, that would allow me to look slightly ridiculous piling noodles high up on a spoon from a bowl the size of my head instead of taking it home with me and eating by my lonesome. 
Instead I took my yummy little rice noodles home, doused them in chili sauce and extra bean sprouts and reveled in my successful choice of take out. The menu as a whole is super inexpensive for the amount of food that you get, I didn't wait more than 10 minutes for my dinner to be ready, and that cute little kid with the big glasses brought my order out to me with the sweetest smile. I'm so glad that this place is only a hop and a skip from my front door because I'm really looking forward to trying the pho sometime soon.My husband and I ordered two chicken pho to go. GrubHub dropped off our order about 30 mins later. Very delicious, but needed to be reheated for a min (if you like it extremely hot, like me). The portion size was like a typical "large" anywhere else.The food was great! Yummmm! Perfect for a cold day. Got the well done & crispy flank. All the toppings came on the side to season the way you want. Only negative was the refill on water was a little slow but other than that, I'd say it was perfect. Definitely will go back and recommend it to everyone.I've been coming here for years and it's still as amazing as ever. The shrimp pho is my favorite and go to dish. The spring rolls are amazing too!I was in Philadelphia all by lonesome, and they were super welcoming and had such a great vibe. I had the deluxe pho and it kept going all day. So good can't wait to be in town again. Taro bubble tea is AMAZING!!!I'm no expert in Pho or Vietnamese food, but I do know delicious, and coming from New York, I do know a bargain when I pay for one, and this place is the spot.  Three years ago I did the Philadelphia marathon and remembered this place from then.  I swear the prices haven't changed!  It's only a few blocks off the Benjamin Franklin Bridge.  I tasted the Deluxe House Combo one day, and the Hot and Spicy Beef Rice Noodle the second with some tasty Summer Rolls.  The meal seemed low on sodium also and the broth was tempting enough to make me want to overfill.  The portions are gigantic.I came here a couple days ago around 7pm and I was very disapointed. I ordered the pho with well done meat, when I received my order the meat was overcooked and broth tasted weird. I know good pho when I see one and this wasn't good. I see a lot of good reviews but I've tried better, I don't think i'll be coming back anytime. The service was alright but I honestly think that they were picky on the tea, they only gave us 2 teas but they didn't give us the tea pot which resturants normally do.Pho is my favorite and Pho Cali keeps on serving up the goods. I always get the pho ga- it's never greasy, always fresh and soooo flavorful! It's my go-to dish for when I'm feeling a little under the weather, when I want something filling, good and easy on the wallet, or if I need a pick me up after a late night. Friends visiting who lived in saigon said this place is the best and most authentic they've had since actually eating in Vietnam. Pho forever!I love the pho here. It's right in front of Chinatown gate and nearby my apartment in downtown. This weather is perfect for hot and clean pho soup! I love the interior here and the small small services. I really don't care about service since the food is good enough!Ive tried pho all over the area & Pho Cali has remained the BEST. all their pho is delicious & their other menu items are great too. place is very clean, great & attentive staff, huge portions, and very cheap prices. the barbecued ducked soup is one of my top picks along with the sugared shrimp. you cant go wrong with anything you pick. and try the egg soda, you wont be disappointed!Nice place to sit and eat in. Service was very quick and staff was friendly. I ordered the meatball pho and only waited a few minutes before it was brought out. The broth was quite yummy; had cinnamon flavor without the greasy taste, meat was fresh and the portion size was decent. The only complaint was maybe not enough meat in the pho. Other than that, great value for your money!I'll be honest, the smell from this place is heavenly!!!  But food... sadly ehhh.  I had such high hopes for this place since I've been told it's good (mostly by my caucasian friends though) and after trying it, I now know why I've never been recommended by an Asian friend to this place.
The broth was bland and lukewarm.  The noodles were old and it was literally a clump in the middle of the bowl.  While waiting for some of the other people in my group to get their orders, mine started to congeal at the top.  By the time I ate a few bites, little oil/fat circles formed and were floating around my bowl.
Needless to say, I have not been back.I LOVE PHO! This place serves its purpose by bringing out their hot pho in a rather large bowl. I am so grateful for a pho in philly.
However, my meal was thrown off by the rather pungent rag smell that was coming off our cracked table. I'm sure my meal would have tasted a lot better without it.BVery Very Good Pho. The Broth is just what you need to get you through the Cold winter. Very Clean and Quiet. Dont Drive there though, take the Sub or catch a cab cause there will be no parking for you. Being from Philly and travelling to Cali and can say that its similar to eachother. I reccomendHonestly 3.5 stars but I'll round up for gp. 
Stopped here after a friend and I trekked down to go to choo choo only to find out it's closed on Wednesdays! 
Anywho after searching the streets of Chinatown looking for a viet/ Thai place we found pho Cali. The place was barren but had a decent enough yelp rating so we gave it a try. The woman took our orders quickly and we received our food just as quick. I was happy to have her answer my questions as I don't typically get pho. I found out that luckily you can get vegetable broth subbed in in place of the beef or chicken pho. SCORE! Most places only have beef broth which is why I never bother getting pho. 
The veg pho was huge and decently priced. And the summer rolls were adequate. 
Nothing was bad, but it just wasn't amazing. I don't want food from there just thinking about it. Not like choo choo.... But I'd def go back if the pho mood struck while down there, on a Wednesday , again lol.We had very high expectations going in due to the reviews. We get there and me and my friend ordered and asked for some broccoli in our well done pho and the guy started giving us a huge attitude and talking about us in Vietnamese while saying no I'm not accommodating that. Then we asked for a lot of limes and he hands me one tiny sliver of a lime... The broth was so watered down and sweaty tasting. The bean sprouts were all bad (to the point that they actually tasted rotten) not to mention that the size of this bowl is sooooo small their prices should be half of what it is. Also I happened to find paper in my bowl. 
This was such an unsatisfying experience and I will never ever ever go there again. They were all so rude and it was just not appetizing. I suggest if you want authentic pho go to pho xe lua on 9th and Race. They are so kind and the pho is delicious!I am not a big fan of the pho here. It isn't completely horrible. The meat is usually pretty good and the noodles are the perfect portion but the broth is seriously lacking. It taste too much like water. Other than the imperfect pho everything else is ok. The service is good and the location is very convenientMy mom really likes this place and comes here when she's on business. So we went when I was in town. It's take out or sit down with plenty of tables inside. They sell bubble tea in addition to vietnamese food and beer. I ordered grilled beef bun which is vermicelli with the clear sauce with carrots in it plus. Noodles with cucumbers, carrots, mint and grilled beef were thrown into a large bowl. It was a lot of food. Ate most of it. My mom ordered the chicken pho. It was much better than expected. Huge portion with good chicken which tasted like they were boiled before being throw into the soup. Chicken was fresh chicken breast. Overall really good.Good location right upon the entrance of chinatown.
Small little place, friendly, slightly cafeteria style.  Small menu.  I had the vermicelli w/ beef, side of some kind of carrot juice sauce??  I must say I felt a bit slighted when the waiter handed me a fork and the waitress came by to double check on my request for Durian bubble tea.  "most american's don't like Durian", well maybe I'm not American, maybe I'm Endo-European. haha
The bubble tea was FANTASTIC!!!!  I had the yummy sour/sulfury/sweet taste of durian in my mouth for hours.  I think I prefer the taro bubble tea over the durian, does that make me american?Keeps your water refilled, great serving sizes, and they have beer!
I live really close to Pho Cali and we frequent this place. I just love Pho and have been to many Pho restaurants. I really like Pho Cali, they give a huge serving, it tastes great, and the basil and sprouts are plentiful! 
They definitely keep your water refilled, which is key when you put the hot sauce in the Pho! Their Mango/Tapioca is awesome, as well as their spring rolls! I would definitely suggest anyone to go and try this place out!Absolutely love Pho Cali!
I go here once a week for a quick lunch break from work and am never disappointed. The service is very quick. I always order the Rare Steak Pho and a coconut drink. The  broth is extremely flavorful- i personally load up on sriracha sauce, brown sauce (hoisin sauce i believe), and a good squeeze of one lime. They give a good amount of meat. If you are extra hungry ask for more noodles because sometimes the one portion that they give out is not enough. 
If you like coconut get the drink as well! Refreshingly sweet and comes with chunks of coconut at the bottom. Very good.This one will definitely be a regular for us when we're in Chinatown.  The food was reasonably priced, fast and good!  My husband was particularly elated to know that they serve vegetarian pho, which is rare for us to come by.Oh poo. What used to be such a grand place and one of my favorite Pho spots has turned into a bit of a let down.
I think the overall taste of the Pho (I had the rare and well done steak and tendon), as well as the service has decreased. While it was still tasty, it was definitely not nearly as good as they once where. I've had better at various Pho spots across the city. They don't give you any size options and you really don't get as much as you used to in terms of noodles and meat.
I had even ordered Pho for lunch here (as noted in my previous review) and received overflowing containers of delicious Pho stock,  noodles, and meat. They definitely put more in my lunch order than what I had in my bowl a few days a go. What happened?!they are open later than most places in chinatown
they have beer
the extra large bowl of pho is literally the same size as my bathroom sink, filled halfway with meat, noodles, and a broth that i wish would have just that much more pazzazz = this costs $8.49 and is the size that would feed a family in rural vietnam...I'm not quite sure what the difference between 'A-OK' and 'Meh-I've had better' is but I'll go with the middle of the road rating because I've had much worse food but at the same time, I've had much better as well.  Overall, I found the experience to be what I needed - a quick lunch after a podiatry visit.
I thought the Pho broth was a little flat and the accoutrements weren't enough to help.  I was going to ask for extra lime as I'm a bit of a citrus fan, but that also had little flavor, so I decided to just suck it up.
The serving was large and I received it quickly.  Overall, it was OK.  I'd go back but if I was going to bring friends, I may find another place.Not bad.......not good, in my opinion. It was mediocre. We ordered Pho Ga, an order of spring rolls, and I had chicken on top of rice. Honestly, the chicken did not taste like quality chicken--at all....and my tummy isnt feeling too well at the moment. Matt loved his pho, so no complaints there. The spring rolls were o-k. The staff is friendly and the food is cheap. If you go to Pho Cali- stick with the pho!!!!Love this place! No frills, no fuss (really, really no fuss), great pho. I always (ALWAYS) get #18. Spring rolls are usually the bomb, but can vary depending on the day. 
Quick, easy and one of those things you get an unavoidable craving for whenever there's even a hint of potential rain.I've been coming here for 10 years and am never disappointed with the summer rolls and the grilled pork hoagie. This is a great meal for under $10.The restaurant was conveniently located in the heart of Chinatown.  I ordered the Bun Bo Hue on my first visit.  It was the worst Bun Bo Hue I've ever had.  Infact it was short so many ingredients I would hesitate to call it Bun Bo Hue.  I guess they figure most people will not know the difference anyway.  Service way swift and attentive, but it could not make up for poorly prepared bun.  Surly their must be another VN restaurant in the area more worthy of a lunch stop.I went to school in Cali.  Cali pho is BOMB.  Pho Cali pho is so not. (let's play a game called "how many times can I say 'cali' and 'pho' in one review!)
The soup tasted a little watered down.  The noodles were fine.  There wasn't enough cilantro.  It was EXPENSIVE ($6/bowl) for pho.
The waiter was super sweet though.  Next time I'll be going to Little Vietnam, which I tried in vain (unsuccessfully) to find.This is my favorite Pho spot (mostly due to convenience... Washington Ave is a tad too far).  The staff are nice and very attentive.  You won't be left eating without water or sitting around ready to order for long.  The noodles and meat are good.  The soup can be a little bland - but good thing there's Hoisin, Sriricha, and limes.
They do accept credit cards, but there is a $15 minimum.  As for alcohol, they do have a few beers in their refridgerator in the front, but this isn't really a restaurant to drink alcohol in.
During the late afternoon/early evening times, the owner's kids are at the restaurant, sometimes playing and being loud towards the back of the dining area, but that does not bother me.Super cheap and the Pho is great. It's a typical Vietnamese hole in the wall. Their Taro Bubble tea is pretty bomb too.I absolutely love this place! A friend recommended this location, and I can see why. They have great pho. My favorite is the chicken pho with extra hoisein sauce, and their spring rolls. The people who work here are always so friendly, and they always remember my order. Since coming to this place a year ago, I have recommended 8 friends and have even taken my mom here. My mother lives in Nj, but begs me to bring her delicious pho from here home when I visit. I highly recommend this place! You feel like a better person after eating here because their pho heals you. I will continue to keep coming back here until they close, or I move.
Also, I do take out from here a lot. Just today I ordered the chicken pho, turned to sign my bill, and someone brought out my to go. In and out in 2 minutes.I can't even compare to other places because after we came to Pho cali we never went anywhere else for Pho.   Not only is the Pho good (#19, rare steak pho with meat on the side), but the beef hoagie and spring roles are incredible.  My girlfriend and I have gone there at least once per week for the past 3 years and still say  "I think it was the best it's ever been today"  every single time.  The staff is extremely friendly and the food is cheap (leaving stuffed for under $25 every time).  The restaurant is also extremely clean and the sauce bottles are constantly full.  Overall an awesome Pho experience that I highly recommend to anyone with an appetite.i don't care what y'all say, I like this place.  yes, it's convenient and in a lucky corner location.  but i've always found the food to be good and consistent. it always comes out fast.  service is attentive, quick, and friendly.  they're not afraid to talk to you.  the prices can't be beat.  their limeade rocks.  sure, the food could be better.  sure, it may be nice if the staff's kids weren't running all over the place.  but that's what gives this place its charm.  in a way.  if you order the grilled pork, it comes out weirdly thinly sliced and somewhat shredded. that is a bit strange.  but i usually get pho or bun and i've always been good with everything i've ordered.  if anything, it's a good standby.Pretty good! Stopped in here on a drunken whim.  Got chicken spring rolls and the brisket pho, which was pretty good. Nice big portions- had it when I got home last night and also this morning for breakfast. I saw them making bubble tea and it smelled so good- I asked the guy what was in it, and he said with a giant smile- honeydew! I want to get that next time. All the bowls are $6.50 and food came out very fast. Can't wait to go back.Giving this a five to counter act the lower ratings, but probably more of a four.  Great price - 6 bucks for a big bowl of pho.  The service was great - they kept the water glasses filled up which was perfect because I definitely put too much hot sauce in my pho.
Definitely a place worth stopping at for an inexpensive meal if you are in the 10th and Arch area.The Tai Nam, Ve Don (Rare Steak & Crispy Flank) was a perfect counterpoint to the biting cold running rampant in the streets of Chinatown last night. 
The space on the corner of 10th and Arch is small, but well maintained. The service is efficient, if not overly friendly, nor chatty.  But, given that there was a large bowl of steaming funky pho placed before me about 2 minutes after ordering, they can afford to let their speed and excellent broth do the talking. I found it rich and subtle with plenty of time simmering in a huge pot in the kitchen.  The star anise played second violin to the beef stock's leading melody.  The noodles were submerged beneath the ample supply of thinly sliced rare and well done meats.  It was all I wanted.
Some nights are just a little strange, and it wasn't even a full moon.  On my walk over to Pho Cali I was stopped by a man who told a story so believable about having his tools and wallet lifted, that I gave him cab fare home.  On the way out of the caf, I was stopped again.  This time by a woman who claimed to be an art student in Jersey. She just wanted to take photos of me while I made a crazy face.  I obliged, half thinking that I would find myself on Facebook looking like a madman.  The end of a promising career in public service. 
I just rolled with it all.  As long as the pho was superlative, I could tolerate almost anything.
Dark streets. Cold winds. Bizarre interactions. Take your best shot.