I'm Vietnamese and I love a generous bowl of Pho. Although the quality is not top-notch, it's really good for the price. Generous portions and fast service. If you want homey, no frills, delicious food I'd go here. A normal bowl of pho is about $6.50 before tip, but that should fill you up! The large bowl is really quite large so come in hungry :)
I also had their vermicelli, pork, spring rolls, Viet sausage. The meat quality is average, but again, can't beat the price and the generous portions.My favorite pho place! I've been coming here for Pho and Vietnamese dishes for 10+ years - consistent throughout! Cheap beers/drinks, and casual. Also much closer than 11th and Washington and the prices are also very cheap. 
The service isn't stellar, but that's not it's known for. 
Would highly recommend the clams in black bean sauce, fried spring rolls, and of course - the Pho. Must try for first-timers!Having had some very bad experiences with Philly food--quality, cleanliness, and so forth--I decided to not take a chance and go to Yelp for advice on best Vietnamese/Pho places. I had a cold that needed to disappear, thus I went straight for a hot bowl of beef Pho and a (very large) side of Chinese broccoli with garlic. 
I would return here again and again, given the fact that this is probably the best East Coast Pho I have ever had. San Francisco and Seattle still have a handful of places that have this place beat. Regardless, it was excellent. 
The service is friendly, quick, and all for a very decent price. I finished my meal with a mango smoothie, which was refreshing and tasty. 
Highly recommended from one visitor to another!Arguably the best Pho restaurant in Philadelphia's Chinatown; the Pho in Chinatown isn't great to begin with. Washington Ave is a drive away if you're looking for something slightly better.
The place itself was like any standard Pho restaurant; cheap tables, small cramped spaces, etc. I ordered a large bowl which was two dollars extra from the regular bowl at ~$6.
Food came out quickly and the servers provided refills of tea and water quickly. Overall, service was pretty good. They also listened to our request of steaming up the bean sprouts.
For the Pho itself, it was average across the board. I needed to put a good amount of "extra" ingredients to get it where I wanted. For the price and the service I couldn't complain though. I'd gladly go back again, but it may not hit the spot for some of you Pho aficionados.I've been to Choo Choo a couple times since my initial review.
Okay, look, the food is slightly above average, but you can go with a vegan, a gluten-intolerant person, a gluten-intolerant vegan and voracious carnivores and find something satisfying.  The portions are huge, too.
Service is what you'd expect, and it can be a little crowded, but it's a solid solution to an intersection of food allergies and ethical choices.Decent Pho. Not the best I've ever had. Service was mediocre.My friend and I came here during a day trip. She used to live in Philly and this was one of her usual hangouts, so she was very excited to bring me!
I had the rice dish with shredded pork and grilled pork, and egg. I also had a lychee drink. Everything was super tasty! My favorite part, other than the grilled pork itself, was the bill, which on my end came to around $10 after tipping and even with the drink. Wonderful!This pho place is really great. As with all pho places the service is amazingly fast. The broth is really tasty. Not sure if there is MSG in it but I like it :D
I've come here twice and must say that if you want cheap eats in a casual place this hits the spot. 
Note: it is run by canto people but they do Pho right :DWent on a Sunday and it was pretty busy. I ordered pho Tai and broth was good, but the rare steak is a bit thicker than usual. They had about 6 waiters and this place is pretty small. Seats about 40 and on this busy day, they always seem to hanging out at the back and never checked on me after they delivered the food. That's pretty typical of a vietnamese restaurant.Delicious and cheap, my friends and I all know this place as "The choo choo train restaurant."
I was first introduced to this place by my chinese (now ex) girlfriend and her family a few years ago, and it has since become my favorite destination for inexpensive asian cuisine.  The restaurant isn't especially well lit, or even impeccably clean for that matter - but I love it regardless of it's lack of ambience.  The food is that good!
BTW - Is there a proper way to eat shrimp paste wrapped around sugar cane?  I've just been eating it like a drumstick.... but I always hide a little when I do, and feel like a tourist in my own city.I LOVE THIS RESTAURANT.
I have been dining here for such a long time and it has never disappointed me. The same staff, they are all so kind and vigilant. 
It has taken me almost 6 years to sit down and write a review. Every time a friend from out of town stops by I absolutely take them here. 
THE ITEMS YOU MUST TRY!!!
Bun Cha Bio, Thit Nuong, Tom Nuong (bbq Pork SO GOOOOD, bbq shrimp, vermicelli, pickled daikon, cucumber)
Hu Tieu Do Bien (Seafood noodle soup, ask for egg noodles)
The curry fried chicken is FUCKIN BOMBBBBB
The sauteed pea leaves are delicious. 
ANY of the rice platters, especially the PORK!!
If you're in chinatown and are unsure, don't walk by this hidden gem. You can't miss it, right on Race St. It has a locomotive train neon light in the window and a glow of vietnamese goodness. Be adventurous, this is not a place you want to take someone who is on a chicken nugget and french fry diet and gets upset if you get some organs in a menu item you don't understand. GOOD LUCKChoo Choo's! I've called it this since the beginning of time, never really reading the sign out front... called 411 for the phone number and I swore to the operator the name of the restaurant was Choo Choo's. lol. 
Anyway, I have many a fond college memory coming here. It's right on the edge of Chinatown, and absolutely lovely food to warm yourself up with when it is freezing outside! 
The Pho is amazing! For $6, you can get a small (really gigantic) bowl of Pho to enjoy... The Shrimp Pad Thai is delish as well. I often have trouble deciding between the two. One of my friends just gets the fried rice because it's so good. More often than not, I order Pho to eat there, and order Shrimp Pad Thai to go and I'll eat it at home for dinner. :) The restaurant is pretty small, and always busy. It is great for large parties too, and the service is really good. There's this head guy in charge who I think pretends to not recognize me, lol (I've been coming here for 8+ years!). He's very efficient and makes things run smoothly. 
I miss living in Philly more for this place than for the cheesesteaks, definitely. Sometime over the years I've even gotten my Dad to love this place as much as I do, and he always calls me when he's eating here just to piss me off. I love you Choo Choo's!
p.s. parking sucks. avoid it if you can!Our meal was delicious.  I had the "everything" pho (the first pho listed on the menu) and shared a papaya salad with beef jerky as an appetizer.  It was soo good!  The papaya and veggies for the pho (basil, bean sprouts, and lime) were so fresh too!  The meal was super cheap and I was so full at the end.  I'm looking forward to going back again! :)As a 'Miamian,' there aren't places down by me that have EXCELLENT Pho as I've encountered in the area with a large Asian population.  To me, the best we have in Miami it's mediocre when it comes to these in other parts of the nation, but its up to par for the satisfaction of my belly.
Pho Xe Lua...You have met my expectations in satisfying my belly with your Big O' Bowl of hot soupy slurpy goodness.   
As you walk in...this place is waited by predominantly 'Chinese.'  I know, because I speaky their lingo... ; )
But service is quick & efficient, hot tea is brought to you without any questions as you are sitting at the table.  Once ready and your order is placed, it doesn't take them very long but about 5-10 minutes for the waiter to walk briskly to your table with this big white bowl of hot soup filled to the brim.  The broth is where its at!  This broth was steamy and tasty with all those hours that they spend brewing up a pot of this.  The noodles were cooked to perfection, springy...just a tad past al dente.  Enough where it is not soggy and breaking apart every time you attempt to grab them with your chopsticks.  BTW...the regular large size is more that enough!  Unless you are starving and can scarve down your hatch a HUGE-R (yes, I know that word doesn't exist, but there is no other way I would describe how big their sizes are) bowl of slurpy goodness...go right ahead.
Pho here is cheap and plentiful.  You really get your bang for your buck!
...Wish there were more places like this back home.After over a week in Chinatown, we finally made it to Pho Xe Lua and it was worth it.  We had traditional Pad Thai along with a dish of mixed veggies, tofu and bean sprouts and it was more than filling. And tasty.  I have to say that even though Pad Thai may be the beginner's Thai dish, it was delicious here, one of the best I've had.  Shrimp were plentiful, plump, and perfectly cooked.
Beers were incredibly inexpensive for a wide selection of bottles.  Service was efficient and friendly.  Also helpful.  We walked in early on a Saturday night when most of the other restaurants on the street were almost empty.  Pho Xe Lua was almost full on both floors--now I understand why.Pho does not disappoint.  
Very generous portions, fresh fixings and a great price.
Would be nice if they added some cilantro.For what it is, I can't give "Choo Choo" anything but 5 stars.  It is certainly borderline hole-in-the-wall, but it is cheap and so good!
I am always overwhelmed with what to order (and usually make my friend order the appetizers), but this place is amazing.  The portions are huge, and every single thing I have eaten has been delicious (especially the pad thai) and the raw beef dish appetizer.  On my list visit, four of us shared four appetizers and each had our own entree, and we paid about $15 each.
Definitely check this place out!Pho in Chinatown... and some of the best Pho I've had to boot!
I could describe the service, the atmosphere, and everything other than the food, but really why bother?  You're here to eat!  Get some Pho Tai, spice it to your liking, and dig in.  While they were a bit light on the tripe, the beef was cooked (or should I say uncooked) to perfection. A regular bowl (they call them L versus XL) should be able to take care of you well until your next scheduled meal.  Try to beat the lunch crowd since it gets packed.Good food at a good price, the pho ga hit the spot on a warm spring night.I use to hear they have bad service, but it's great here. Maybe they used to have a lack of servers speaking a bit of English and people misunderstood it as bad customer service...? I like them, they do great. It's cheap and yummy food! Can't go wrong. Their cured raw beef with peanuts, Thai basil leaves, and fish sauce is bomb btw. So good. And it's cured enough. Great curry as well!Best Pad Thai (phad thai) ever! And the raw beef with lime juice is my favorite appetizer. Pho is pretty good and the drinks selection is pretty vast. You can buy alcohol here!A local favorite and a regular spot for pho around university city/ Chinatown. Consistently great food and very authentic.Visited Philadelphia for the first time coming from SoCal, been gone for a 1 week with no Vietnamese food, I was craving something. Happen to stumble thru Yelp and it has good reviews.
For me, it was ok. Too much MSG for my taste bud, made me kinda sick.WOW This pho is amazing
Get the pho special
-Its huge and cheap
-the cuts of beef are very generous
-the BROTH is the best I even had.  Just drink some of the broth before you mix in hoisin&siracha to taste how rich and beefy it is
meatballs are not included in the pho special tho :(    (extra $2 its worth it)
Also try the Snails.  When i was here i saw every oriental person order them.  they must be good.Anyone out there like tendon in their pho?  I do!  This place offers a very generous portion of tendons with the pho, which is why they are my go-to spot in Chinatown for pho.  Their avocado and taro smoothies are good here, too.  They didn't get 5 stars bc the pork chop plate with broken rice is not the best I've had - the pork chop was a little on the greasy side and they overcooked my sunny side up egg, which is a big no-no. Also, the udon with ham hocks don't come with true Vietnamese Udon, which are translucent, but they use an opaque type, similar to ones used in Japanese/Korean food; the ham hocks had flavor, but they tasted like they had been frozen and had freezer burn/picked up weird smells from the other stuff in the freezer (does this make sense and gross anyone else out?).  
Ok, I said my piece.  I go here often, despite finding the occasional dish that I don't like.  They make tons of other things, and I'm sure I'll find lots of things I love here.  Another perk is that they are open pretty late for a Vietnamese restaurant - till 11 some nights (Friday/Saturday).My favorite Viet restaurant. I went there on a weekly basis and never got disappointed.Killer. Love the mango shake of course. Everything is tasty and the wait-staff take good care of you.Choo Choo's!!!
seriously one of the best Vietnamese places in Chinatown.
i love their food and theres just so many that i want to list.
writing this review is making me hungry...
this was always the hangout spot for me and my friends since forever.
i highly recommend it.This has become mine and my boyfriend's favorite cheap place to go on a Sunday evening. I usually just get the same thing (veggie pad thai). He mixes it up quite a bit and has liked everything he's tried. His go to meal is chicken curry which I have to say smells amazing even though I am a vegetarian. 
I would give this place 5 stars however our last trip the beers we ordered were skunked, but even if that never happened I wouldn't give it 5 stars because the fish tanks freak me out and I can only sit in there if my back faces them. 
Two beers, two entrees, $20.40! Bam!Amazing beef pho. Fast service, great (yet simple) space to dine. Definitely will be back!So my Asian buddies tipped me off about this place when I complained about not having good Pho in Philly. I heart you Choo Choo! I thought the Pho is good but my favorite food here is the pork chops with rice, which comes with a red/orange sauce. It's so cheap and the portions are generous. The servers/waiters are very nice too.Came here for the first time and ordered pho with chicken. It was pretty OK; it was not the best pho I have ever had nor was it the worse. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here (like I did this time) but, if I were in the neighborhood, I might be willing to stop here for a steaming bowl of pho for lunch...but I would probablly just go try the pho at one of the other nearby establishments.What an amazing gem!
Unlike most Pho restaurants in the city, this one offers a vast menu that includes not only Pho (the signature soup) but many specialty dishes. Their Pho is also amazing because it has about 20 variations and does include seafood Pho (a rarity in the city as well) 
The place itself is rather old, which gives it a dirty look but it's just the look,  I do believe that they pass their sanitary inspection with flying colors.This place is not only cheap but also authentic! I couldn't believe the proportions and sizes when I first entered here. Compared to some Chinese restaurants, I argue that this is the place for bang for buck and dishes that can be catered to any taste ranging from complex flavors of thai, soothing pho soups, spicy curries, salty and savory rice dishes, sweet desserts, and fresh crisp summer rolls. 
I recommend their pho- large generous portions 8.50 for a large. You can also get their rice dishes like curry or pork chop for 7$ or less! I haven't run into anything bad on their menu but their fish fillet thai dish was a tad salty so I had to eat it with a lot of rice/
Staff is attentive and fast and the food service comes all in one go. So if you don't like wait time, this place if not early, will get least get all the dishes in one go onto your table. 
Place is clean and decor is cozy and homey. It seems all the locals come here and having been to various Viet places, this place is authentic in style and taste and ambience. Compared to other Viet places it definitely makes it to the top. There's another Viet place a bit further down, but I think its pho is mediocre and overpriced. This is a bit more secret directly across from NinetingGreat broth and large size for Only $7 (give or take). My go-to spot for Pho since I moved here.This has the best Pho in Philly and the best value.  One can drop by any time of the day or night for a bowl of Pho.  Great during thses frigid weather - warms your soul.   It has many other delicious dishes too (Vietnamese, Chinese,and Thai).   Enjoy!Visiting from Northern Virginia.   It was one of best pho restaurants I've eaten recently. ..  The price was also excellent.   I would go back whenever I visit Philadelphia.   Order spring rolls with your pho...Our favorite pho place in Philly.  Owners are friendly and attentive, and staff are relatively efficient.  
Food quality is excellent, always very fresh and well balanced.
Prices are very reasonable.
Most highly recommend.The Pho here is pretty good/standard, and our overall experience wasn't terrible but the service was pretty slow and they almost forgot my friend's ice tea order until after the food arrived even though we ordered it as soon as we sat down. 
6 hours later...I had some pretty bad food poisoning/side effects. I don't totally want to blame or discredit this place but that is the exact window/time period for food poisoning...and nothing I ate was with my hands :/
Not a terrible place but I probably will not return due to this incident.A hidden gem in Chinatown. The food is affordable and delicious. Perfect for college students who want good food and cheap prices or anyone on a tight budget. This place is also a fantastic date spot. The atmosphere is great and the interior is well decorated.Love this little spot. I've only had the Pho here and it has become one of my go to places. The tai iced tea is so good.When looking to grab some pho in the city, this is always my first choice.  The chicken is always tender - not rubbery or chewy like the pho joint much closer to my house.  Definitely a no frills atmosphere, and the Thai food is not quite as good, but you will never leave hungry.  
And $2.50 Sapporo - not bad, either.I've been going to this place since I was a child and I still love going here to eat all the time! If anyone says "Let's going to choo choo's!" you know that you're going to have awesome food for awesome prices! I always go for the seafood noodle soup and so much more! :)Average at best. Very salty. Asked for extra spicy and they brought dressing on side.Always my go to spot for viet food. Last night was just disappointing. I order spring rolls and a veggie dish both orders were too greasy. Service is whatever, should of known better, their Asians.  Gotta excuse that. Lol. Noodle soups are alway tasty thou.Just learned that this place has a name other than "Choo Choo" as I have always lovingly known it. This restaurant has replaced Pho 75 (R.I.P.) as my neighborhood Pho joint. They also are great for vermicilli dishes, which are my favorite Vietnamese food! It has a hole-in-the-wall vibe, but service is quick, prices are low, and you will always leave happy and full. :)I haven't had pho in years!!! Omg this place is awesome!!! Love the atmosphere... They seated me all the way in the back which I didn't like cause its like right by the kitchen but whatever at least the food was on point... I order two apps... papaya salad and crispy veggies spring rolls ...the papaya salad they didn't give me enough sauce so it was a little dry other then that it was fine...the crispy egg rolls was yummy ...two entrees...  Which were pho Mac and pork chop over rice...the pho mac i order had three types of beef loaded with veggies.... I order the medium but it looked like a large bowl of pho gosh ...i wonder how big the large pho would be  after seeing my pho ...yums! This place makes the best pho!! I defiantly would come back for that if i didn't live so far...The pork chop over rice was pretty good but the portion of the meat was pretty small they put imitation crab meat with eggs on the side which is kinda weird but whatever lol ...all that food cost around 15 bucks!! I think that was pretty awesome with all the food I order came out to 15 bucks!Stellar (meaning very low) prices, generous portion sizes, and speedy service. Oh, plus $2 Thai iced tea! I got vermicelli with BBQ pork and meat on a sugar cane stick and pork balls, I think, for $6.95.  And that's if you get the "upgrade" from the standard $5.95 vermicelli, which already seems to have a lot of goodies included.  The pho is $5.95 (large) or $6.95 (x-large) - guess there's no size small for the pho.
There's additional seating upstairs.  This place was packed when we came on a Saturday night, though it was past standard dinner hour.  I would definitely come back in the future for a generous-sized meal you can get for well under $10.This is probably my favorite place to go for Vietnamese food or pho hands down in Chinatown. Known on the streets and by my friends as Chu Chu's (cuz there's a neon-lit train with steam in the window), this place has some wonderful pho indeed, which you can order large or extra large and add extra fixings as you want for an additional charge. My go-to for pho here is usually 106, which has a nice portion of the cuts of beef I like (beef, tendon, and frank brisket), but really, you can't go wrong with any of the pho choices; it just kinda depends on your preference. The pho broth is phenomenal, savory, satisfying, and simple. Oh and did I mention how quickly the place gets your order out of the kitchen right in front of you? Prices here are more than reasonable and the place also takes card as well. Fish pho is not on the menu, but is a secret menu option (for those who like trying secret things). The spring rolls here are also pretty fresh and dope and they have a wide assortment of other foods and drinks available. It's really quite an extensive menu and well-worth your visit to come and eat here for lunch or dinner. What are you waiting for?I was very disappointed when I tasted the food there.  Originally from SoCal, I know my vietnamese food and this restaurant is so bad.  I read the menu and wanted almost everything on it.  But I had to limit myself so I ordered 3 things. 
1) pho  2) bun thit nuong (dry rice noodles with BBG pork)  3) chao tom (shrimp on sugarcane).  
The pho broth was plain without spices, lots of MSG, and the meat was tough.  The dry noodle was okay but the BBQ pork was again plain, no seasoning/taste to it.  And the shrimp on sugarcane was the worst.  OMG, it tasted like cardboard without any flavor.  I would not recommend this place to anyone.  I don't believe people are okay with this kind of food.  It fails to represent vietnamese food.  In fact I don't think any of the vietnamese restaurants in Philly represent at all.  Sorry.  Try Southern California in Orange County.  Most restaurants there are good.Came to this restaurant after many great reviews, expecting great food.
Expectations were surpassed on the food front.
HOWEVER, not so much with the staff. 
When my girlfriend and I were waiting to be served, the waiters were wandering aimlessly around the restaurant, a couple of them looking miserable and grimey, almost sickly. 
They probably were, because not a couple hours after having eaten at this restaurant, I caught the stomach flu. 
TL;DR - Good food at the price of two week's worth of fever, vomiting, and diarrhea.Where to begin? The Pho broth is lacking favor and is substandard. The high rating and expectations makes this place a disappointment. I highly recommend not eating Pho here as broth is king in Pho and this place don't have it. Disregard the high rating. The waitstaff here are also uncomfortably watching you eat in anticipation of serving you which creates an awkward environment.Ok. I'm a white guy, but having traveled a great deal and the fact that I eat Pho at least once a week, makes me qualified to write this review. One of my favorite dishes is Beef and Tendon Pho, but what I was served here was bad. The tendon was overcooked and way too soft, with chunks of fat hanging off it. The the beef was tasteless and tough. The bean sprouts were yellow and stale. I could go on about this for another page, but I feel that I've said enough.I have been going here since college and still have the best pho in philly!  You just can't go wrong with XLG bowl of Pho!This is one of my favorite Chinatown destinations--it's cheap and delicious! 
I always order the Tom Yum soup (perfect if you're craving hot and sour--esp. in the wintertime), the raw flank steak (served with fresh cilantro, crispy shallots/garlic, crushed peanuts, and a chili vinaigrette), and usually a whole steamed striped bass with ginger and scallions--and for around $20 a whole, fresh fish is a super bargain. And an avocado shake for dessert! YUM!!!
And let's get to the good part: C H E A P  A L C O H O L. Awesome.
Beers are under $3, mixed drinks are under $5. But that's everywhere in Chinatown pretty much.
Any minuses would be that it takes a long time to get a check or refills sometimes, and I think it closes pretty early--like 10pm?Cheap, and Good. Not the best Pho I've had, but its good. The portions are huge.Whenever I say Xe Lua to anyone, they look at me like some type of weirdo. But when I mention choo choo, they're like "OH, I love that place!". It's the same place...
I've been eating here since I was a kid. I remember the food quality being better from years ago. OR, I'm just a picky snob now. Who knows. Their service is still fast and rushing, though. 
My last trip to choo choo's was after a Kelly Drive run. I was starving. I ordered banh beo (rice cakes) and bo luc lac (stir fried beef cubes). My friends ordered a goi cuon (summer roll) and pad thai (stir fried rice noodles). I love their Pad Thai here. The other stuff, not so much. 
The banh beo was missing the tiny dried shrimp, which I like. The dried pork that was sprinkled on top had a funny taste (expired?). 
Bo luc lac is supposed to be stir fried filet mignon, according to their menu. The meat was so tough that I thought it was stir fried beef chuck. It also had way more peppers and onions than beef. I don't think bo luc lac is even supposed to have onions and peppers in it. 
I know their pad thai isn't very authentic, but it's still delicious! Don't forget to add the lime to the noodles. 
The only times I come here are when friends choose to. If I'm craving Vietnamese food, I go to Washington Ave. Don't forget to grab a bubble shake!Always a great time here. I only eat fish and seafood so I have never tried Pho. They had a vegetarian version that was delicious!!! I was so pleased. I am usually turned off by the smell of the broth, but this broth was crazy good. The prices are so reasonable and it is a comfortable and casual setting. I love that all of the waiters wait on you. There is no assigned waiter so the service is quite fast and accurate. As soon as you finish, your plates are picked. Your water is constantly refilled. They do a great job in customer service. I am a big fan of the lemongrass shrimp!!! Try it out!I've been going here since high school, and it's still one of my fave places to eat in Chinatown, I always get the house special pho and it's always delicious!!The clouds have parted... and there at the center, is a huge bowl of Pho.
Absolutely delicious and enlightening (thus the first sentence) lunch experience at Pho Xe Lua today! I felt almost treacherous ditching my normal spot, Pho Cali, and wandered a little further away from work to this spot. What a good idea and I will absolutely be coming here again in the near future.
I got regular rare steak pho. The meat and noodle portions were large just with a regular bowl portion. What really made this pho exceptional was the broth. So savory and had the right amount of scallions and cilantro. 
My PIC (partner in crime) got the beef stir fry noodles. Also amazing! But really I'm a Pho girl and this will be my new go to spot for it.I have this place on speed dial. They produce affordably priced, delicious meals. Prices are the same for lunch and dinner, so it is great if you want a dinner that costs $5-7. Here are some of my favorites from over the years:
-Lemon grass chicken over rice
-Curry chicken over rice
-Beef with bell pepper over rice
-Chicken vermicelli
-Chicken pho
Ah, the memories. The place offers efficient service, piping hot food, and complementary tea (for dining in) during the winter time. The interior is nothing fancy, but it is the perfect place to go for a casual meal. If it gets packed, they open an upstairs seating area to relieve some of the pressure.I'm not an expert in Pho, but this was absolutely delicious. The service was efficient, the food was very reasonably priced and with good sized portions, and it was busy with diners - usually a good sign. I can't wait to go back and introduce all my friends to it.I've only gotten take out but the food and prices are great. Love to bun bo heu, way more pork knuckles than some places give you.Pretty good. A little hole in the wall place with dated decor. The pho and crispy spring rolls were both sufficent. Two of us ate here for a total of $18. Service was good and quick. After we sat down and ordered, our food came out in like 5 mins!! My steak however was really fatty but my fiancé's was better... Maybe I just got a bad cut or something. We will return here again if we are in the city and need a cheap meal... Won't go out of our way however.This place is no joke!  Fast service and all.  The papaya/beef jerky salad is very nice.  Beef and frank brisket is a must.  Choo choo is choolicious!!I gravitate towards this place for the food and low prices. I enjoy eating the vegetable pho and chicken fried rice. I would also enjoy eating the summer rolls if they removed the intestinal line on the shrimp. Disgusting!Last night I went to Pho Xe Lua for dinner because the bf was craving some chao long (or rice porridge with meat and innards)- a dish that has been hard to find in Philly since moving here all those years ago. I could make it myself, but then we would be stuck with a whole pot...and sometimes you just need a bowl to be satisfied. I was wary of the "fusion" aspect of the restaurant because I typically dislike asian places that try to do multiple cuisine. A lot of the time it ends up half@$$ for both or (shudder) all three types that they try to encompass.
The restaurant was lively, and there were a lot of diners having dinner- good sign. We ordered eggrolls, they came out steaming hot and delicious, also another good sign. I ordered the the grilled pork rice platter (com suong nuong), which is a fairly typical order for me and I have tried it at many of the different vietnamese places around philly. Much to my dismay, the rice was mushy, the pork floss was bland, and the pork cut that I got was fatty and also lacking flavor. The chao long had all the essential ingredients, but also bland. When you make rice porridge, there are lots of different types (chicken, fish, etc) but when you make that type you cook the meat in the rice porridge. In this restaurant'scase, bc they had multiple types and prob to make it easier for themselves, my guess is that they made a plain porridge pot (no flavor) and add in the meat of the type you order. 
Overall, neither of us were pleased with our meal choice. I dont think I will be back here anytime soon.Best pho in Philly! 
They have this recipe perfected for sure. The waitstaff can be kind of brusque, but I'm not there to be coddled! They bring out your pho super fast and it always hits the spot. 
Bring cash because they have a credit minimum (I think $10) and a regular size is certainly under that. I've never needed an XL because the regular is so filling. 
Complimentary green tea to boot. Can't beat it!Hadn't been here in awhile and happened to be at a meeting in town and ventured in for lunch.
I have never had a bad meal here.   I love trying different soups (they have an extensive menu).   Wanted spicy,  so went with the Bun Bo Hue.  Fantastic,  though you have to be forewarned:  gets its great flavor from trotters ... yup, that would be pigs feet !   The pieces of fatty brisket are yummy and abundant !  And it packs a kick.
The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because I'm comparing it to a number of other favorite Viet places and it doesn't quite surpass some of the others that I rate a 5.
Service is very quick and the prices are fantastic !
Great Thai Iced Tea and Cafe Su Da !My boyfriend and I have been coming here regularly for years. It's always our go-to spot for Pho therapy.I think this is the best pho I've had in Philly. Better than Pho Ha. Better than Pho 75.
Why?
Clear, clean, aromatic broth. (Not cloudy or questionable). 
Tender, high-quality tasting beef. (Not chewy or gamey). 
That's really all you need to know. This place may be a diamond in the rough that is Chinatown. Check it out.Friendly staff, great service, food is tasty, reasonable price, menu has many options. I think is best Vietnamese food in the Chinatown.3.5 STARS
Very good Pho. Had the Beef and Beef ball, 108. Hearty soup base, barely any 'msg', fresh bean sprouts/basil leaves on the side. The beef ball is generic, found in market. The beef is ok sliced beef. Ok portion of noodles, big bowl of 'soup' base that is very drinkable. Good price at 5.50
However, the rice plates are so-so. Had the pork chop with rice, and fish cake. Came with 2 leaves of fresh lettuce. The rice was ur plain old rice, not even broken. The pork chop was kind of dry, and only came with one piece. The fish cake was not good at all. Mushy. 
The Viet coffee was pretty good, $2.One of my favorite places in Chinatown! Come here if you're looking for a great, filling meal that won't hurt your wallet. 
Service is incredibly fast (although it may help that my best friend and her husband are regulars here)! 
Try an XL bowl of pho - I think it was still only around $8 and I couldn't finish my bowl (and I don't EVER have a problem finishing a good bowl of pho). Broth is flavorful, and bowls are fully loaded with meat and noodles - no skimping here!Affordable, authentic Vietnamese food with a wide variety of options.  It's not some hip, modern, fusion-y restaurant.  It's just a straight up, high-value Vietnamese restaurant that will give you a bang for your buck whether you're up for a good rice dish or bowl of pho.  
Went to lunch with a co-worker and the place was packed! Ordered the house specialty rice place with the pork chops and it came out with two incredible pieces of pork chops.  Left there soo full and satisfied.  Will be coming back again.Not the best pho around- that distinction belongs to Pho75- but a very close second, in my opinion. I'd actually rather go here when in Chinatown because when it comes to everything besides pho, this place is unbeatable. 
The appetizers taste incredible, and they even have stuffed grape leaves, which is very rare around here with Vietnamese joints. The jackfruit shakes- my personal favorite- are so good that I usually order 2 or 3, with plenty of rum added in for good measure. 
I can't say enough about this place. If you want more than just pho, you can't go anywhere for Vietnamese in Philly and have a better meal than at Xe Lua.I consider this to be my first time having pho. In truth, I have had it before, but the dish was unmemorable and I was so clueless in my technique that it simply did not count. So, I started fresh at Pho Xe Lua Viet Thai, and I'm glad I did. I had the Beef Pho and I instantly understood the hype. I do not have the experience to say that this is the best, as many others have, but I did enjoy the dish and trust that this could be some of Philly's best. The servers at Pho Xe Lau Viet Thai were eager to remind me that I am a newcomer. I know the reason, it's because my boyfriend is Asian and he is therefore superior in this setting. I am used to being ignored when in this situation and know that they will only address him. But when you give me the fork, you hurt my feelings. I will not hold it against you, I loved the Pho and I will be back for more. Maybe in time I can prove myself to you, servers of Pho Xe Lau Viet Thai. Looking forward to it!Went here last night with a group of 8 friends not expecting them to have room to fit us all right away considering the place isn't very large.  We were immediately sat by a friendly waiter and we all ordered a round of drinks which were extremely cheap yet satisfying.  I started off with the vegetarian spring rolls which came out quickly and were hot, steamy, and delicious! Shortly thereafter, the large Pho Ga (pho with chicken) came out.  The portion was more than enough for me, but it was hearty and delicious and exactly what I needed/wanted. Whoever said that chicken noodle soup was good for the soul obviously hasn't tried pho. I'm definitely coming back here soon. Great location, great food, great staff!Best Thai seafood noodle soup I 've had for the lowest price. Absolutely the most delicious broth complimented by ...non-intrusive and efficient service. Hands down the best bargain in town. LOVE IT!
Great menu and bar, in terms of balancing creativity and tradition. Only cons: they don't do delivery and it can get a bit noisy-the place is always packed. Don't go: let me have it for myself:-).Not going to lie, when I walked into this restaurant for the first time I was like where am I? But it is sooo good! I have converted all my friends to going here.
First off, the menu is extensive. They pretty much have anything you can think of. And everything I have ever had is amazing. And it is sooo reasonable! I always get the shrimp pad thai, i think it is around 10 or so dollars. It is sooo big, it is enough for two people for sure. 
Also they have really cheap drinks. Like $4 wines. I love to come here before going out, or for just a random night in china town. There really is no ambiance, but with food this good and this cheap it doesnt matter!Absolutely love going there. Service is okay depending on how much people is there. Usually I go and it's pretty busy so I am kinda okay with their service. 
Their pho are I think the best in Chinatown. The food comes out pretty quickly so theres not much wait.  Their smallest bowl is a large bowl so I do recommend going when you can finish it all so you dont waste the  food. :] 
Prices are cheap, the large bowl is like 5.50. & it's from Chinatown?! #fellinlove lol. 
Their bubble drinks are cool too and they always put it take-out drinking containers and not in those glasses so you do not feel like you have to rush the drink and actually enjoy the goodness.The pho and shrimp rolls just ok here, nothing special. I had higher expectations for the place based off of the reviews. They have a big menu of other items if you don't want pho.I've since tried other dishes at Pho Xe Lua so I'm updating my review.
Filet Mignon with lemongrass is still tasty.
Pho is good, comforting.
Appetizer with raw beef slices is solid.
Fish dish was not as good.
Tofu with vegetables was uninspired -- I'd avoid ordering this in the future.
For $5, the mixed drinks were solid. Quite good for the price.Solid Pho, nothing crazy. Pretty delicious. My boyfriend got a non-pho dish was a pretty disappointed with it. But the beers were only $3 so he got over it quickly.The beef pho noodle soup is just okay here, I've had better flavor at the restaurants down on Washington Ave.With Miss Saigon in Jersey City as a benchmark for average Vietnamese food, I am starting to lean towards it being the best I have ever had.  Not being from Philly and not researching Asian food for this trip really had me at a disadvantage.  Most of my food adventures in Philly are sandwich based, so fortunately I had yelp to fall back on.  Sometimes it's a gamble with yelp, but more times than not, I'll find that gem.  Since I had researched on yelp mobile, this was the most reviewed restaurant in downtown Chinatown that wasn't Chinese.
We ordered plenty, Pad Thai, Beef over rice with poached egg, stew over rice, fried fish.  Pad Thai came out of the gate first, like a bolt it took off.  The future looked good.  Then I got my beef over rice, it came to a slow pace.  Stew over rice, a sudden halt.  Not good and drops to the bottom of my Vietnamese list.  The beef was bland and the poached egg?  Just didn't get that.  I'll stick to cheesesteaks when I am in Philly.
Bad yelp reference.Awesome food and always good service plus the prices are really reasonable. Servers are on their game and just need to turn your head to get their attention.Everything from this place is so good and the price is average. Drinks are good too, my favorite drink is their avocado smoothie. YummmI never want to take a pho to go. I always have it hot at the restaurant. It's just not good to eat at home. I want to savor it while it's hot. It's best when they serve it to you and you are ready to slurp the soup. It's always been my practice that if I want pho, I want it now. Pho aside, we came back to this restaurant because we really liked it's fast service and good food. My partner ordered noodles with seafood but to our surprise and disappointment, he found a big chuck of hair in his food (just like the hair you'll find in the bath tub - yuk!). It's really horrible because I don't understand why would a big chuck of hair will get in the food unless, you use to wash the seafood in the sink and the the cook showers there too. It's careless and therefore, unacceptable. I don't care if the manager thinks that it was an accident. They should be very very careful in preparing/cooking the food and should take more time to clean the food. For that matter, I got to downgrade it because all I can remember is that strands of  hair in the seafood - even a seconds won't make me eat it again. You might not see me here again because down the block is Pho 75. I'll check it out next time we are in Philly Chinatown.A bowl of Pho (#101) would probably make our Vice President jump out from his seat and yelp 
"This is a big f--king deal". Yes!  That was my reaction, and many yelpers too, who tried it in Pho Xe Lua Viet Thai (choo choo restaurant). It tastes so good and makes me want to yell (but obviously I didn't), instead, I yelp to you now. so let's begin:
Pho #101 (Large or Extra-Large): Even you order a large bowl; you will be amazed by its size when the bowl is actually sitting in front of you. Yes, it's HUGE in my opinion. Inside the bowl, a pile of various types of beef and beef inner parts (such as thin cuts of beef, brisket, fatty flank, tendon, tripe...etc) that covers up top. Right under them, you will find a ton (a little bit exaggeration) of white rice noodles in clear beef broth. Let me rephrase myself one more time on the last part of my sentence : CLEAR BEEF broth (many other restaurants are serving NO-CLEAR, NO-Beef, or nasty broth). If you dare to look at it again, you will probably think that you are getting an extra-large order (don't be shy about it, ladies!). A plate of fresh greens, herbs, vegetables and various others are right next to your soup and waiting for actions. Once you properly "mix" them into your soup, Da..da..da!! delicious! Yet, the price is under 7 dollar. Can't be that.
Pad Thai: Spaghetti like rice noodle mixed with red hot/sweet sauce covered up by big shrimps, dry tofu and others on top looks very nice. And of course it tastes good too. It's one of the best pad thais I have in Philly so far. Yes, it's under $10. Great deal, great taste!
Many other "Exotic" drinks such as martinis with various flavor, bubble teas, and Avocado smooth drinks are very tasty, and yet, probably the cheapest in town!
Try them yourself in this Choo choo restaurant !!I came here with a friend after 5 years absence from this restaurant :)  
The Pho was the same as i remembered; bad. The broth was bland and I can't really smell any Pho scent from it and i have sensitive nose. I still like their Bo Tai Chanh (Vietnamese Beef Carpaccio) and Bo Luc Lac (Vietnamese Shaking Beef).The best pho in the city. Outside of that, there is a huge variety of dishes that are mostly at a great price. Service is speedy and the quality of the dishes are close to perfect. Great spot for a quick bite.What can I tell you?
So, I'm eating here with my girlfriend last night- something we do often. We ordered spring rolls, shrimp rolls, a bitchin appetizer with rare beef slices topped with french fried onions, with a lime spiked fish sauce.
She wasn't very hungry so she didn't order pho. I, however, ordered the pho tai bo vien. Now, The waiter spent at least about a minute with me, teaching me how to say pho tai bo vien properly.  Cool. He's really into his job, and very attentive. One might even say that I may have felt a bit special.
A half hour later, we realized that I might not get my pho. Our appetizers were delivered. But no pho. I looked for my waiter throughout that time span and saw him sitting in the back. He then went into the kitchen, or back room, or whatever, and never came back out.
So what I'm basically trying to say is that the waiter forgot my pho, then he disappeared, so I didn't get my pho. Are you following me here? I went out to eat pho, and didn't get my pho. At a pho joint.
But, despite all of that, those appetizers (and a couple rum flooded jackfruit shakes)  were so good, and they made me so happy, that nothing else that happened that night matters.
That tells you alot about a place. Five stars, still. If I could add a star I would.
Go here, people.For kids only. Pho noodle comes with plenty of noodles which kids must love. But for a more advanced eater, the soup is very plain.I decided I wanted pho randomly the other day even though I've only had it one time in my life.  I looked at all of the places on yelp and really wanted to try some of the places on Washington Ave but my boyfriend screeched  "not so fast!  no washington ave!  someone just got shot there recently!".. I tried to explain that it was 100000% safe in the daylight but he wasn't having it.  So we went to this place instead.  We both had the summer rolls and the beef pho as our entree which was very good.  I was really impressed with our waiter, he explained a couple items on the menu and he was easy to understand.  Sometimes there are language barriers at Asian  restaurants and I get stressed out that I'm going to order pigs balls or something like that because I don't know what I'm ordering so I was happy.  I was also pretty pumped at how clean the place was..my garnishes were healthy and looked like they had just been washed.  I'll definitely be back to this place!Oh pho train, I'm so MAD at you!  My dining companion wanted pho but I didn't because i felt like it was too hot out for soup.  
I had some deluxe vermicelli and it was the nastiest thing I've ever eaten in my life.  Gross enough to make me knock this place down a star.   The noodles were overdone, and the fried chunks of meat on top just tasted disgusting.  
I like the pho here, but I'm not going here again unless it's for pho.Hands down the best Vietnamese/Thai food I have ever had in my life. 
First of all, the portions are HUGE. And, as if that's not enough of a selling point, the flavors are always bold and delicious. 
The pho is definitely my favorite. The 210 and 212, the chicken and beef with lemongrass and peppers/onions are amazing too. I also highly recommend the 216, the chicken and potato curry. 
On top of the deliciously flavorful  food, the staff is always so polite, friendly, fast and attentive. 
This place is so good that you will find yourself craving it weekly, my family has been going there or getting take out at least once a week for about 7 Years now. 
Give it a try, you won't regret it.Choo choo pho is the best bang for your buck in philly, hand down.  I've been going here for years now but when I first moved to philly, my buddy and I searched for the best pho in town.  Being from the bay area in california, pho is a staple!  The portions we found here were gigantic and the food was pretty good all around, not the best but for how cheap it is and how much you get, this truly is a great deal.  Their other menu items like the curries, vermicelli bowls and spring rolls are also delicious and a good size.  I started bringing a bunch of my friends in and now we're all hooked on choo choo pho.  They know us so well when we come in that we simply raise our hands for those who want an XL-105 and the servers know what the other regulars like too, whether it be the yellow curry chicken or pad thai.  If you're on a budget, this place will spare your wallet and totally satisfy you stomach :)OK, this has been one of my favorite places in Philadelphia since I moved here almost 10 years ago. I don't think anything has changed except the lovely LCD monitors picturing a slideshow of food offerings. The pho is always good, and though I am not an expert food critic, I am told it is the best around. We get the pad thai, which is a little dry but good nonetheless. Fresh and fried spring rolls are good. I just discovered the vermicelli with spring roll combo and it is really light and delicious. We always get the avocado shake with tapioca which is delish but be careful not to fill up before your food arrives!While trying out all the different Pho places around Philly, I find that this was mediocre. The broth was watery and had almost no flavor to it. Perhaps because it was Saturday during lunch time and it was starting to get pretty busy. But still, the broth is everything and I was let down by it. The meat was tender and delicious and the staff was very friendly. All in all, I'm glad I went here onceAlways a great meal and great service.  Try the seafood Tom yum soup.   Mmmmm. Been coming here for years and have never had a bad meal.   The goi cuon is the best.    Try the no tai Chan. - raw flank steak marinated in lime juice with fresh basil, crushed roasted peanuts and a great fish based dipping sauceKinda nasty environment even for a pho place, but holy hell the bowls are HUGE and the summer rolls are HUGE!  Everything in this place is mamoth.  Great place to go if you're hungry.  
I felt a bit uncomfortable a few times when I went there...is there such thing as a vietnamese mafia?:-)  
Definately one to check out though, don't miss..BRING YOUR APPETITE!the food is great. the staff is not so friendly. and i also didnt like seeing dead fish in their tank.It is a really good place if you're craving Pho or vietnamese food without going washington ave. I really like their chicken over rice dish, their price are good and the taste is goodOne of the best authentic place in the city.   The food is so good and prices are reasonable!  The service is quick, too.  Will I head back there?  If course, next week!Love coming here for their chicken curry rice with potatoes! Food here is what you would expect at a Viet Pho restaurant. Portions match their price, but one thing that could be better is service. However, it is understandable that service won't be the best considering the staff to customer ratio. Overall, I still think that it would be worth your money to check out the place, packed or not.I was claustrophobic in this place. They seated me RIGHT BY THE DOOR! There's several people coming in an out at any moment. I mean damn it was busy. Had I ordered pho like I started it would've felt like eating in a bus depot. Like I want a constant stream of debris being kicked up in my food from outside every time that door opens I'm a bit of a germophobe. Not to mention the mofos at the next table were smellin RIPE! I couldn't deal. I couldn't hang. I didn't even smell any food. I would've lit a match if I had one. So i switched sides of the table. While I looked over the menu they brought out a glass of water and I have all these damn people standing around me.
I was curious about the avocado milkshake so I ordered that to go. And the second I stood up they put somebody else at my table. I didn't even get a chance push my chair in. It reminded me of mid-90's MickeyD's on Canal St. with the gypsies.  
I ain't tryna be rude dude just GIVE A PATRON SOME SPACE! I didn't even have room to think about what I wanted. In fair disclosure, this was during the Chinatown Block Party. Maybe the crowds were bigger than usual.
Ok so about the milkshake... I didn't know what to expect. It was interesting, not bad at all. I just wished it was a little sweeter. Also, the cup it came in was pretty cool, but not cool enough to get me back in here.If you want the best Pho in Philly Chinatown, check out Pho Xe Lua (or the train/choo choo place). Not only is it one of the best in Philly, it also gives the most generous portion of Pho (vietnamese noodles), it's not that expensive, and service is super fast. They also have some good smoothies, like the strawberry or mango smoothie, along with other flavors. Their rice entrees are also pretty good, but their trademark dish is the pho. I've also had their thai coconut chicken soup... very awesome. I recommend this place for anyone who wants some fast cheap food in Chinatown. 
Note: they close on Wednesdays.Decent pho for center city, with a high variety menu (enough options to satisfy even a group of vegetarians). I third the recommendation for Washington Ave pho if you can get out there with a car, but the choochoo train is a reasonable substitute. I also recommend the beef with chinese broccoli (this was an I'll have what they're having moment). Full range of the icy milkshake drinks (mango, yellow bean, etc) and licensed to boot. Spare atmosphere, efficient speedy service.
Not wheelchair accessible.We love this place. After we run races in Philadelphia, we need to come here. The pho is restorative and they put a good amount of tripe in when when you ask. Definitely recommend for runners and for everyone.My friends and I came here for tonight's dinner and started off with the obvious must haves: a Mexican Margarita and a Singapore Sling. They served us the Margarita with two Sapporo's instead. My friend asked about the Sling and the waiter simply shook his head "no..." Puzzled, we began to feast on our 19 appetizers: garlic shrimp, Chinese greens, Vietnamese sausage, summer rolls, Papaya steak salad washed down with a steaming bowl of delicious pho. 
As we slurped the last bit down, and patted our bellies good night, the Sling arrived. It tasted like someone had liquefied orange Starburts and blended them in a boot. But what can you expect from a cocktail menu where all drinks are $4 and club soba is listed in the beer section?1. Pho Xe Lua, or CHOO CHOO for the more experienced crowd, is a tiny hole in the wall with a great big neon sign in the shape of a train that is impossible to miss.
2. Their Pho is delicious! I don't eat beef but I always can find a tasty (and huge) pho-style soup in their 500+ item menu, and it's accompanied by super fresh limes, cilantro and tons of cinnamon basil.
3. They have the best Chinese, Vietnamese and Japanese beers for the cheapest in town! And they have martinis for $4.95. Pretty priceless and hard to beat if you ask me. Bring your friends!This is the go-to place for Pho in the Center City area.  
The portions are huge, and a very large bowl of Pho with the complimentary green tea and my other staple - 2 summer rolls with Shrimp - is barely $10.
Unfortunately, they are closed on Wednesdays so keep that in mind or you will be forced to get your Pho fix elsewhere which has not worked out for me in the city of Brotherly love.I came here for the first time with three other people.  None of us got the Pho, though it sounds like we should have.  If I came here again, I would try the Pho, but I expect that other restaurants nearby would be more appealing.  The food here is cheap in price and quality, but you get a lot of food for what you pay.  I would rather get less food of a higher quality.
The waiter was not as rude as we expected from other reviews.  He was only a little curt with one of us, but also spontaneously provided helpful information about dishes before we ordered.
My curry was appropriately spicy, but had lower-grade chicken.  The peas in it were great, but the bamboo was not.  One of us got a seafood dish full of imitation-seafood, which was very disappointing and not mentioned on the menu.  I would never expect imitation-meats at a restaurant.  Rice and noodles were good, and vegetables were good in all dishes, but the meats were consistently poor.  Portions were unnecessarily huge.
The bathroom was relatively clean and comfortable.  The place was crowded and loud, but that did not bother me.Upon entering, this hole in the wall restaurant smelled so good. The guy behind the counter was the sweetest, talking to us and giving us recommendations as we waited for a table. It was packed and with good reason. I ordered the pork bun-301 and it was probably the best decision I made all day. The pork was a bit fattier then I am used to but still absolutely delicious. The egg roll was not as greasy as typical and was deliciously flaky. My coworker got the chicken pho and LOVED it. I have a feeling this is our new Thai spot. Plus it is super cheap. 
Go here if you eat food.Choosing a restaurant in Chinatown can be overwhelming and I initially tried this place on a whim b/c of the neon train sign and I've been a loyal customer ever since.  The vegetable noodle soup is wonderful!  A huge portion of veggies and noodles in broth served with big bunches of Thai basil, lime wedges, and sliced jalapeños, mmm!  They also serve a wide variety of bubble teas and smoothie drinks (try the avocado milkshake!).  This place is always full but I've never had to wait for a table.  The service is quick and the prices are right.  Not much in the way of decor but the food makes up for that.  Great place!No one knows the real name of this place.  Everyone just calls it the Choo Choo train.
They have excellent pho and horrible thai food.   Love your toilet.  Stick with the pho.Before yesterday, I would have given this place 3, maybe even 4, stars. The pho and rice dishes here is decent. 
However yesterday, I tried to test the "Thai" claim of the restaurant. I ordered the vegetarian pad thai. I only ate a couple of fork-fuls and I had to stop eating. The noodle was thin and dry. They used pre-packaged fried tofu, which explained the bland-ness and the dry-ness of the tofu. The flavoring...I don't even know what they were trying to go for with the flavoring. All I know is that it was not the usual flavor of pad thai. 
If you have to come here (for the cheap prices and its convenient location in Chinatown), stick to the Vietnamese dishes.My first experience with Vietnamese food was nearly a decade ago at Xe Lua (aka Choo Choo's) on a hot summer day after the X-games.  I was totally grossed at the prospect of avocado milkshakes and hot soups, but was willing to give them a shot because my friends were so insistent.  It turned out to be a fantastic food gamble!
The restaurant was crowded that day and has been every weekend day during lunch as long as I've been a patron there.  The air conditioning felt blessedly cool, and the atmosphere was loud and jovial.  We were ushered to a table on the first floor and seated with little fanfare.  It was decided that I would be trying the Hu Tieu Xa Te Bo (beef satay soup with flat rice noodles) ($5.50) and an Avocade Milkshake ($3).
It was love at first inhale on the sate and at first taste on the milkshake.  Having only experienced them in guacamole and sushi, I never imagined that avocados could taste so good sweetened.  It was smooth, creamy and wonderfully cooling on the hot day.  The old fashioned glass and cherry added to the fun!
The sate was complex and rich with lots of spices and a satisfying kick!  The noodles were flat thick chow fun rice noodles and went very well with the soup.  I was a fan of the generous beef chunks and the whimsical population of pineapple chunks inhabiting my bowl.  
At tens of subsequent visits, I've tried many other things on the menu and found nearly everything to be great value and large portions, but my favorites are still the beef satay noodle soup and the avocado milkshake.  The pho is also quite satisfying and comes in thrillingly large bowls.
PARTING THOUGHT: Leftovers never taste as good as the restaurant experience because the noodles get all soggy and the sate gets super oily, so I'd recommend not taking your extra soup noodles home, even though portions are hugePretty simple atmosphere but the service is efficient, the food is delicious. Went for dinner n lunch, loved both meals! N it's so cheap!Just keeps getting worse. Finally, done.Good pho, but not "amazing". It was pretty average. Lots of seating and the menu is huge. 
Took off one star because some of the utensils were dirty. The staff quickly replaced them, however. 
They can't split checks for multiple people; in my case they said they could only do 2 checks for 6 people, which is weird. 
Overall, it's a good place to go if you're craving pho! 
4/5!fresh.
coconut. 
drink.
it's two bucks & includes fresh coconut slices. you will not regret this.This is my favorite pho joint in Philadelphia.  Everytime I come here, I order the Extra Large House Special Pho, which is only 6.75 and gives you tons of beef.  The soup/broth they use is absolutely amazing, which leads to me suspect that it's laced with crack (but who cares?).  And did I mention the Thai Iced Tea is only 1.50?  Amazing.  Unfortunately Choo Choo is being renovated until August 21st, but once it opens back up, I'm definitely going back.The pho place I keep coming back to :) They are quick, soup is good and not too fatty, and meat is decent. The portion size is just right, and the XL bowl is HUGE. I've also tried the vermicelli bowl, which I must say I was pretty satisfied with. I got the combo which basically had every meat possible in there and all were good. My fave being the shrimp on sugarcane. They also do not skimp on the meat! I had soo much left over meat vs noodle ratio that I ended up bringing a lot of it home to make some extra vermicelli. Their fish sauce tasted good also.The worst dining experience to memory.
I don't know why there were four stars but they were what brought my friend and I to go out and try "Choo Choo" - Pho Xe Lua - this evening.
Following the posts of previous users, we ordered the curry chicken and potatoes, and also tried the vegetable pad thai.  Oh boy.  The curry chicken and potatoes could not even compete with boxed, store-bought curry.  The dish was extremely salty, and the potatoes were old, low quality, and didn't feel, taste, or even look like potatoes.  They seemed to have been soaking in the curry sauce for some time, yet somehow the dish came out within 3 or 4 minutes of ordering.  Hrm....
Oh and the pad thai!  If this dish was brought to me without knowing its origin, and I were to guess what it was, and of what ethnic variety it came from, I would have been clueless.  Does pad thai have tomato sauce in it?  Does it usually come with mushrooms and broccoli?  Does it taste like spicy cardboard with noodles like spaghetti?  If you answered yes to any of these questions, hurry on down to Pho Xe Lua Viet Thai Choo Choo Train restaurant on Race street.
Clearly, my friend and I would never come back to the restaurant, as there are a plethora of cheap eats in Chinatown.  Just take a few seconds to contemplate the nickname of this restaurant.  Does it make any sense to you?  NO - and the food doesn't make sense either!My go-to spot for pho, pad Thai, and lemon grass anything. First, the food tastes consistently great. Second, the cost is reasonable for the amount of food. Lastly, food is consistently good almost every time. Place isn't the cleanest but never bothered me. I would recommend this place to anyone.Their pho, rice platters and spring rolls are very good. Their staff is friendly. Give this place a try if your in the area.Love this place for Pho. Pho is very flavorful, service is quick and prices are more than reasonable. I highly recommend the Pho ga.Good Pho.  Portion size is huge and I'm a big eater.  I got the #105 and a shrimp roll.  I've had a lot of Pho and this is in my top ten.One of our go to restaurants in Chinatown for family outings. 
We always order pho, pad thai, and lemongrass chicken or pork. Their portions are generous and prices are affordable.This recently has been my go to place got pho in Chinatown Philly. I esp like their Spring Roll and the viet coffee is an absolute to die for. Their service is ok. The price is very fair, the only thing I suggest is that you stay with their large and not go xtra large since it's only really increase in broth so save yourself so extra dollar. All in all, I still always hit Chew Chew (most people in the area know this place as Chew Chew) whenever I'm on pho mood. I encourage you to try this place when you are on pho mood!can't beat the price!Love this place! Very reasonably priced, a full meal that won't break the bank! I always get the vegetarian pho with the tofu along with the summer rolls with peanut sauce and a Thai iced tea. I always have leftover pho that I usually eat for breakfast if it's the weekend (I just add an egg or two to it) or I save it for lunch during the week. My sisters always like to come here when visiting from out of town and are big fans as well!My boyfriend and I LOVE this place. We have be eating here for years. The staff is asian and friendly, they recognize us now. We always get an order of spring rolls and two bowls of beef pho and avocado shakes. The plate of fixin's for the pho and the sauces on the table a perfect. We always get an iced Vietnamese coffee and a Thai Tea with bubbles to go. I always want to try other dishes but the pho is so good I can never pass it up. The only slight downside is that the quality of the meat varies at times. Sometime very lean, sometimes a little chewy. (But I'm picky with beef and hate fatty meat so I have issues with it almost everywhere.)I LOVE PHILLY PHO! I so miss my hometown Viet food!
We used to frequent every weekend, and sometimes thrice a week! This place is so good, cheap, dingy, but oh so good!
Nothing beats the Pho broth here, I don't know why, must be the dirty Philly tap, but whatever it is I definitely recommend!
Stuffed grape leaves are awesome! and so are the typical apps (Shrimp Rolls and such!).
Great for groups too, so if you have a big party no worries they have a second floor seating area. Very casual and cheap, I highly recommend!pho what its worth, we enjoyed ourselves.  the papaya salad could have been a bit spicier.  but that was easily remedied with some fresh jalapeno's on the side.  the pho itself was huge, tasty and at a great price.  service was extra attentive.Pho CHOO CHOO as everyone seems to call it, is probably the restaurant I would go to for vietnamese food in chinatown.  They have a very wide range of variety when it comes to their menu.  You can find chinese food, vietnamese food, and thai food here.
I've been here a few times before, this time I decided to try their bun bo hue.  The noodles were overcooked (too soft); however, the broth was pretty flavorful but wasn't spicy enough for me, I had to add the green peppers that came in the pho plate.  Even then, it wasn't spicy enough.  The beef in the bun bo hue was good but the pig feet (I normally don't eat but decided to try today) was very chewy, I don't know if it's suppose to taste like that or if it's undercooked.  I've had their pad thai here before. The portion is rather large and I tasted too much ketchup in it (not a fan).  As for the pho, it is pretty good, my friend ate the whole bowl and the soup, so it must be really good.  They only come in large and extra large.  
This place is quite a deal when it comes to pricing.  A bowl of pho large is 6.50 and so was my bun bo hue, so our meal came out to be 13 dollars and some change. 
As far as service, let's not kid ourselves, this is an asian restaurant in chinatown.  Their style of service is eat and leave.  
I would likely come back to try some other dishes.Food was surprisingly good, my first time having VIET food and I was impressed. Very tasteful and inexpensive totally worth it. Staff was great & very fastDelicious, authentic Vietnamese food. Had a great lunch experience, can't wait to go back, and I enjoyed my leftovers the next day too!My girlfriend and I were in Philly recently and yearned for some close-to-authentic Thai food. We checked Yelp and read rave reviews for this spot. I also kept in mind one reviewer's cautions to expect a lack of understanding because of the language differences. With that in mind, I placed my order and explained exactly what we were expecting from the whole, deep fried fish which we've had before and thoroughly enjoyed at a spot in Queens NY - Jai Thai. Our server proceeded to talk us out of our choice and lead us along another path which he convinced us was much better. Well the dish turned out to be the equivalent of "fish fingers" on a bed of sliced (out of season) tomatoes and Iceberg lettuce, with a side of gummy dipping sauce. The other Dishes we ordered were OK, but we noticed that the PHO and the Pad Thai were running out of the kitchen at a fast pace. So be forewarned, there will be that element of language that will come between you and a good meal.Before anyone who loves this place starts to disagree with me, I will still come back here when I'm in the area, but will not order to-go ever again.  Onto the point:
I got Com Bi (rice with shredded pork) 'cause I didn't feel like eating pork chops today - normally this dish would come with pork chops AND shredded pork.  I requested for EXTRA shredded pork instead and was super excited because the prices are ridiculously cheap. 
Should have checked everything before leaving the restaurant, but once I finally got back to eat it, I was awfully disappointed.  It's a good thing to have a LOT of rice, but the ratio between the rice and shredded pork was unreasonable - maybe moreso reasonable IF there had been pork chops.  But seriously, there were ONLY a few slices of shredded pork and an abundance of rice.  I thought 'that is okay, I'll manage.'  But even the shredded pork was inedible.  Not only was there an insufficient amount of shredded pork, they were all glued together and slimy.
I really hope that it's because there was a misunderstanding with the order and/ or because I called for take-out instead of dining in.  Still, the food shouldn't taste THAT bad if ordered to-go.  Seriously.  
Again, I will be back to try the pho and bun noodle bowls, but will most likely NOT order to-go from here - unless I know for a fact that it won't be like this.Good bowl of pho, fast service also. The soup was really tasty without that overload of MSG feel. Would recommend itI've been going to this place for years and love the food.  The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because I've found bugs in my food, and now my sister refuses to go there.  The same time I went a couple who was also there found bugs in their food too.  One time I got a fried fish dish as a takeout, thinking it was a dish that we had gotten before, and got home to find that it was the ENTIRE fish, which grossed me out a little bit.  But we went back with it the next day and they gave us a refund, which was super nice of them.  Their staff is attentive (but almost in a creepy way) - they watch you from the back of the restaurant. But I really can't complain otherwise.  Their food is AMAZING and cheap.  They have really good chicken fried rice, shrimp pad thai, crispy fried noodles with veggies, and green curry.Fragrant pho, loved the sour plum drink! Very few veggie options.Favorite pho place in philly - tried others but always come back to this place! They also have some nice tofu dishes. The place is a little strange but I always get the pho to go so no issues there for me!I just tried this place the other day when the boyfriend and I were looking to do something a little different. 
We shared the veggie spring roll, definitely not the best I have ever had but there was nothing stand out wrong about it either. 
I got the Veggie Pad Thai and he got the BBQ beef and pork over rice. We both loved our dishes and the amount of food for the price (19.00? total) was a great perk.
Unfortunately, and this is only my weird problem I am sure,  I didn't know exactly what he ordered until I tasted it... He got fishsauce with his dish and he just tasted it and commented about it being pungent, so adventerous me, I try it and know immediately it's fish sauce(used to love it but I'm a vegetarian now) ugh! gross... it was so strong too and I would say the only real downside to the whole place are the industrial looking fish tanks as soon as you walk in. I was wondering the whole time where they keep the tank of frogs for their Frog Satee entree. yuck!
If you like these things then by all means excuse my disgust :)
I think we would both agree to go back but I will not be taste testing anything! Thank you Choo Choo!This is my favorite restaurant of all times. Throughout the years I've been coming here, I never once had a bad meal. Pho Xue Lua Restaurant (nicknamed Choo Choo's) is a really popular restaurant for students (elementary/high school/college). Their portions are large for a really small price. The atmosphere is loud and can be very crowded, but then which Chinatown restaurant isn't? My all time favorite would be either the 1. grilled chicken and pork chop over broken rice (I love the sweet & sour sauce that comes with it) 2. pho or 3. the curry chicken and potato rice. Of course, I finished off with a rainbow ice. Which they list as a drink, but the red beans, mung beans, and little jello strips in a cold sweet coconut milk seems more of a dessert to me. I wouldn't recommend this restaurant for a formal dinner or a 1st date, this seems more like a quick meal during a lunch break or a shopping spree.If you're looking for great decor: wrong spot, but great pho: perfect spot!Good food! Ordered the Thai iced tea, mango smoothie, shrimp fried vermicelli, and chicken and lemon grass entree with white rice.The service is fast. The prices are cheap. A typical Vietnamese restaurant in Philly. Parking is hard in the area since Chinatown parking is hard.came back and got the snails in coconut and basil......soooooOOO gOOd! 
as usual pho was amazing......gona get a large instead of an XL next time i was wayyy to fullThe seafood noodle soup was delicious and with an XL bowl the price point is unbeatable. Usually, seafood options are priced above beef options, but for some reason, my order ended up being the cheapest. The shrimps, mussels, imitation crab, and fish cake were all very flavorful and not gummy at all. The soup was fragrant and piping hot so overall a decent bowl of noodles that warmed me up on a snowy Philly day.Love this place! Delicious and generous amount of pho (especially if you get a small bowl) and stupendous bun bo hue! One of my favorites in china town.This place is amazing every time. It is NOT fancy, however the food is great, served quickly, and the service there is great too. Friendly, yet there to serve you big portions and good food. We eat here a couple times a month and are never disappointed. It has been the best pho I've had thus far!Very good Thai restaurant at a really great bargain. The Pho is some of the best I've had in the city and the dinner plates are great too. Try the beef briscuit pho with meat balls...fantastic. 
You get some great dinner combos at a very cheap price. 
The service is usually a bit unfriendly, but I've never felt unwelcome or out of place. 
It's not a BYO, but they have cheap Tsing Lao beer and some good cocktails if you're interested.Wandered in here with my boyfriend after reviewing a few Yelp recommendations.  We had a good (and cheap) meal.  It was more authentic than any of the stuff I've had in NYC.  Not the best Vietnamese food I've ever had but was a nice back up when the place I really wanted to visit was closed for a summer vacay.Without a doubt the best Pho Ga (Vietnamese Chicken Noodle) in Chinatown Philadelphia...could be argued as the best in the city. Their Sinh to Bo (Avocado Shake) is borderline heavenly and it is the ultimate compliment to a wonderful traditional Vietnamese lunch/dinner. We have tried many of their Pho options and the overall experience, friendliness of the staff, and price friendly menu keeps us as repeat customers. My girlfriend is pleased with their veggie friendly options.
Highly recommended!This is the place to go if you want authentic Vietnamese food. Price is cheap and portions are large. Always tastes great with fresh ingredients. Fast service and friendly staff. We always park at the indoor valet Wilson Parking lot on Race street between 9th and 10th streets. Cheapest parking lot in Chinatown. No worries about tickets or bumps or scratches from other people who can't park when leaving it on the street. It's just a half block walk to the restaurant. My afternoon is complete!Hands down, best pho in the city of Philadelphia. 
Been going to this place for years. Don't expect great service but it is made up for by the incredible food. I usually stick with the 101 (comes with all cuts of meats) and summer wraps which come with a side of peanut sauce. You can get all this for ~10$.I really enjoy coming here because the price is really cheap. I am in love with their BBQ pork chops because it is so damn good. I literally ordered the BBQ pork chops the last 4/5 times I came here. I highly recommend it! The other time I ordered a steak pho which was surprisingly good. The broth was flavorful and delicious. I would also recommend the summer rolls with the peanut sauce for an appetizer if you're ever with someone because it comes out quick and it's easy to share. 
The service here is really quick and it can get a bit packed in here, but they also have a upstairs dining area if there's not enough seating downstairs. The waiters are usually friendly and just take our orders, they don't make much small talk.Pho @ Xe Lua is great! I'd recommend it highly. The portions are very large, the prices cheap, and the quantity of meat is very generous. 
I believe it was $6 for a large bowl and $7 for an extra large. The brisket here tastes amazing and it is cut into large pieces. And lastly, if you end up ordering the shrimp spring roll appetizer, here's a tip. Mix in a fair amount of sriracha into the peanut sauce before eating!
It can be a little packed there, but service is so quick, they always find room to accommodate you (there is extra seating upstairs). The only real downside would be parking. It can be hard to find street parking, but the place gives a discount if you park @ one of the garages. Just show your ticket to the owner of the restaurant and he'll stamp or mark it.Choo choo...!! 
If you want a tour of Vietnam in your mouth, this is the place to go. From their Pho dishes, to their oc xào xot (hot pepper and lemon grass sate escargot) dish, to their soft shell crab melt-in-your-mouth love affair, everything is a must try!
While living in Philadelphia for six years, this was my place to go when I'm home sick for my mommy's home cooking. Not only are the dishes authentic, but the prices are very reasonable, and extremely affordable. You're probably thinking, "prices are affordable? Does this mean that the dishes are small in size?" NOPE. For the prices, the portions are large, and fulfilling.
The decor of this place is more homely than anything else, their main concern is food, so there's no fuss in the decorations. The service is quick (except during their peak time, when you have to wait for a table), they want to get you in, have you stuff your face, and get you out the door, they do this without making you feel rushed, or being pushy. 
If you're sick, and if you're an Andrew Zimmern, try their Chao Long, or innards rice porridge. If you can get pass the innards, you will enjoy this delish, make-you-feel-a-million times better dish. This was always my dish when I was feeling down or when I was sick. 
Basically, if you're in Philadelphia, and if you can only have one meal, do dinner, and go to Pho Xe Lua! You will NOT be disappointed and your wallet will still love you.
My mouth is watering just writing this review... LOVE LOVE LOVE!I've been patronizing this place since I was a teenager and this place is still the best. From their drinks, appetizers, and main dishes, it's five stars all the way. I haven't found a place that makes better Pho. I think I will have to go to Vietnam to find better tasting food- at least Pho wise. Get the mango smoothie and rainbow drink. Both are my favorites. Oh, and the one guy (must be one of the owners) never ages!!! Must be all that bone broth.#204
Choo Choo serves up a cheap, mean bowl of pho. For $6, you too can also have a big bowl of pho with the tastiest, processed beef balls in all of Chinatown. The broth is really flavorful, not greasy, and the noodles were al-dente. As with any cuisine, order something you know you'll love. For me, that does not involve tripe, tendon, or squid. I did not detect any MSG. 
For real, this bowl of pho just pisses over all the pho I've had in DC. This bowl of pho with lotsa balls has made me a believer. 
Bar downstairs. More tables upstairs for big groups or private gatherings. 
Quick service. However, our waiter kinda got mixed up with our party's massive order. They do accept credit cards, but I believe it's a $15 minimum.my FAVORITE pho in all of philly
HUGE portions for really cheap!! fried rice is also huge, and really delicious. 
bubble tea is really good too..try the lychee!Every time, I've never been disappointed with the speed and size of the bowls of large special pho here.  Plenty of meat added, hot, and quick service, there's always the thin reedy waiter that takes my order with speed (extra large #1 please) and there almost always has a good garlic water spinach available, too.
One of my favorite places in Philadelphia, even after 8 years of eating here.  Fills up fast, but a second floor helps!  Just remember to clean your glass.I've never had pho before. But, I gaurentee you I will be having it again, and chances are I will be going back to Pho Xe Lua Viet Thai for it. The bowl was huge, the meat was delicious, and the broth was so tasteful. 
For $6 you get an enourmous bowl of soup, noodles, meat, seasoning that will replace any meal. I added some sriracha to it for a little kick and  was more than satisfied with my meal after I was done. 
I don't have much to compare it to, but my friends say this place is the best for Pho. So far for me it is too.Some of the best Pho I've ever had!
Had an early dinner there last night.  Place is small but they're very efficient bringing everything out so there's a lot of turnover.  Don't expect an inviting ambiance with warm attentive waiters.  The atmosphere is cold, but not rude.  But who cares?  I came here for traditional south asian food.  And that's exactly what we got.  Great spring rolls and very traditional Pho.  Tripe and all!  Dinner for 2, appetizers, entrees and a couple drinks for under $30.
Great place, will be going back.we're all aware of the pho from this place.
but the other night, i wanted rice, so i ordered the curry chicken rice platter.  it was surprisingly delicious! it came out fast, which was good b/c i was REALLY hungry. AND the curry was creamy with the sweet taste of coconut! simply perfect.  the best part was?  It was only $5.50!!! seriously cannot beat that.  One of the best comfort meal i've found recently.  I will be back, not for pho, but for some rice and curry :)This is my second time here and I am shocked. They have the best pork chop rice which is awesome. Friendly price and good quality food. Highly recommend.Choo Choo!  I was told to look for a restaurant with a choo choo train on the front by an acquaintance when I asked for a recommendation on a restaurant to try.  It took me a while to find out what was the actual name of the restaurant but sure enough when I did find it, there was a Choo Choo train on the front of the restaurant!  
The prices, decor, and ambiance are low key here.  You get what you order quickly with no frills and it's generally pretty tasty.  My usual order, generally the BBQ pork and shrimp stick combo over rice with an order of spring rolls runs a little over 10 bucks.  I'm pretty sure for the amount of food your get and the quality, 10 bucks can't be beat.  I've ordered this exact meal 10 or 12 times and I've not yet tired of it yet.  I've also tried the fried squid and the pho once and consider them tasty options as well.  
Pho Xe Lua Viet Thai may not be five star but it is good option for a fast cheap meal.  Finally parking isn't really a problem for takeout or late in the evening.I finally pried myself away from Pho Cali long enough to try another Vietnamese place in the area, recommended by several of my friends. This place was cheaper and had bigger portions, however the pork chop I had was thinner and more fatty than Pho Cali. The Vietnamese Iced Coffee is brewed fresh on the table, that is pretty neato. I still have yet to try the pho... there was a triple-digit heat index today but it seemed every other table was still eating the pho! How can you guys eat soup on a day like this?? I will definitely return to this place, the food was delicious and the service was fast. There was a team of waiters who attentively took plates away and refilled water.Huge portions of Pho for a low price. The small serving is too much for me, the large would probably provide 4 meals for me! Staff is friendly and accommodating even though English is not their first language. Cheap mixed drinks, about $5 for most which is great in the city. I definitely recommend this no frills place.4.5/5. Definitely recommend. The food tasted just like home! I got the rice dish with beef and shredded pork. It was super tasty, especially the beef, very well-seasoned. If they were a little more generous with the beef, I would give a 5/5. But I'm not complaining though, because the price was super affordable. This place is very good for a quick, cheap, casual meal for people like me - broke college students.You get a lot of food for a good price, but their pho is only decent. It's a bit bland. I've also had the raw beef with lime which was diviiiine. I haven't tried their other dishes, but from looking at my friends', they look legit. I like their avocado milkshake, too.
Seating is a little weird, but I think they do what they can with their small space. We sat at a table for four that was about an inch away from a table for two. The couple looked kind of peeved (sorry!). The service isn't particularly bad, but they could be a little more attentive.
Overall, Pho Xe Lua is a pretty average place. Brownie points for having both a name and nickname that's fun to say.Honestly this is one of my favorite places in Philly to get Pho. The greens are always fresh and when I get it to go the beef is ALWAYS on the side. Plus when I have my baby girl with me they will bring it out to our car! That's service! It has made me a convert from 6th and Washington.I wish I could give this place ZERO stars. Too bad that's not an option. I've been a loyal customer here for years and consistently go here for Pho when I'm in Chinatown or taking a lunch break from work. This happened to me about three months ago, but since I decided to start yelping again, I feel strongly to write this and put this out there.
I usually get the pho. When I got it, it had a visible piece of hair. I usually don't like to make a fuss about wrong orders or my orders at all, but come on... a visible piece of hair!?! So I call one of the waiters over and he sees it and takes my bowl away. Less than a minute later, I get my food back and guess what... THE SAME PIECE OF HAIR IS STILL THERE and it just looked like they stirred the other stuff around. 
I really wanted to walk out at that point... anyway, don't ask me what ended up happening, but needless to say, I WILL NEVER BE RETURNING TO CHOO CHOO'S AGAIN AND WILL BE ANTI CHOO CHOOS FOREVER. Go to Pho Ha in South Philly if you want some decent service or Pho. Choo choos is garbage.This place is pretty good. I'd give it 3.5 stars.
The filet mignon in lemongrass sauce (~$13) is SUPER tasty (the extra half a star is for this dish alone) and comes cooked with bell peppers, onions, and other such vegetables so it at least feels a little healthy. 
The pork chop over rice was standard. Kind of plain and a bit gristly, but portions were large. The pho looked fine. 
Prices are decent and they give you a lot of food. Not a bad option if you're starving, don't want to spend a ton of money, and happen to be in the area.i haven't been to this place in about a year, but i still dream about their raw flank steak appetizer.  and their pho, rice dishes and other noodle dishes ain't so bad either.I thought the service was average, but I really liked the bowl of pho I got. I thought the meat was fresh and the broth was made well (not too heavy). My boyfriend, on the other hand, thought it was just average and that the noodles were too soggy. I agreed a little with the noodle comment, but still thought the overall meal was good. We didn't try anything else, but the menu had a lot of different items and I think we would definitely return to try their other dishes.As a Californian I was impressed with this place, broth was flavorful and the meat was tender. My partner had the seafood pho and that was delicious as well, but could have a little bit more flavor. Large portions and nice staff. Will be back!The Pho is usually fantastic although they have their off days, I wouldn't recommend the egg rolls but otherwise this place is pretty deliciousA friend introduced me to this place as his favorite pho spot in Chinatown and it did not disappoint! I ordered the Pho Chin (113) and loved the consistency of the noodles and beef as well as the taste of the broth. My friend ordered vegetarian Pho which he always gets here.
The large bowl was indeed large so I had enough leftovers for a second meal later on, and all for a cheap price. I was also especially blown away by how quickly our food arrived; it only took about 5-10 minutes from when we ordered. Will definitely be back!South Philly has much better pho. We only stopped here because it's a bit more convenient but probably won't do that again.
The pho was okay, nothing spectacular. The big problem was the bo kho - far too watery instead of being like a stew.Solid Vietnamese food and very reasonably priced. I had the 101 Pho with medium rare beef and the 302 Pork Bun. The pork was really good, flavored well, but I wish the bun noodles with a bit thinner or with better texture. Would definitely go again, though.Authentic little stop that introduced me to pho two years ago on a cold winter day. I've been addicted ever since! I've had pho in many places since, and none compare. Coffee is incredible, too!the best vietnam noodle in PhiladelphiaOne of my favorite Vietnamese restaurants...i kinda mixed it up today..i had fried rice noodles and seafood, ladys and gents...let me tell you it was the bombs yo! I also had a mango smoothie different fir me since I always get the ice coofee.  I have no complaints about the service, like always fast and friend.Yummm... cheapest and the best thai/veitnamese!
Dingy little place in china town... but the best pad thai I ever had!
Loved it, loved it, loved it!
Do not go here for the presentation or service... just the food.
Pho was pretty good to.
Lychee iced tea was really good. Surprisingly had the worst Thai Iced tea.
I am going back there again!I really like this place. They're a little "brisk" when it comes to service, but their food makes up for it. Good portion size, good quality, good value. Will definitely repeat!
I think you have to know what to order, so for those that gave it low ratings, try ordering something else next time. I had some BBQ thing with this egg side dish that was yummy....I don't know what was in it, but it had egg and some other stuff.Regardless of whether or not you are having an immense craving for Vietnamese cuisine, I would not recommend coming here for multiple reasons.
The food, menu options, and prices were on par with any other typical Vietnamese restaurant. And trust me, there are quite a decent number of better valued Vietnamese restaurants in the Philly area that are much more worth your bucks.
The spacing in the restaurant is fairly tight, most likely in an attempt to accommodate the large number of people who would come in because of its busy location. And you, my friend, should consider yourself intelligent and give yourself a nice pat on the back, for doing the appropriate research on this place prior to coming (unless you're all ready seated that is).
Both service and cleanliness need improvements, which were what brought my overall rating for this place from an average rating of 3, down to a "meh" rating of 2 stars. I mean, check out the little surprise surprise metal piecing found in one of our meals. 
Therefore, do yourself a favor and treat yourself to a proper meal. While the food and pricing are "aye okay," overall, it's just not worth the experience. There's plenty of awesome Vietnamese restaurants in the city that are well worth your time and money, even if it's a wee bit more out of your way.I'm having a bad day, but this pho is the ultimate comfort food .Quick service. Generous portion for the xe lua.  Lots of well done beef brisket. BIG NOODLES.
Plus  my coffee is fresh, maybe too much condensed milk tho.
#legitvietBest place in Philly for vietnamese food.  Never been disappointed. The food is alsways fresh  and I also call it the choo choo restaurant.I LOVE their pho, but dislike the service. Stop rushing me to eat!!!!!!!!!This is my standard pho place in Chinatown. I love how fast and reliable their service is. Great place to come for a quick dinner/lunch with great pricing.Don't get it twisted.
Chooch (what we tend to call it) is the best restaurant in Chinatown.
Kept it under raps for years, but I'm pretty sure everyone knows about it now. 
Pho, water spinach and fried spring rolls. Eat them.
Durian Shake and Avacodo Shake. Drink them.Pho Xe Lua is not a large place, but it's bigger than it seems since it has second-floor seating. It seems like it'd be best for parties of 6 and under. Despite having small areas, the restaurant is not crowded. It has a clean, simple design, and Vietnamese pop plays quietly in the background. I was really surprised at how clean the bathrooms were, too. They were impecable, and even had those Xlerator hand dryers.
For a smaller restaurant, Xe Lua has quite a large menu. It includes a category of "Chef's Specials," which is a total mixed bag of dishes from beef, pork and shrimp to frog and lamb. It offers dinners to be shared for parties of 2, 4, 6, and 8. Alcohol is featured at the forefront of the menu as well as the store, but I just had some Thai tea ($2, cheap!) while waiting for my friend. I observed a mixed clientele, ranging from white to hispanic to Vietnamese.
I ordered Pho Tai Nam. Pho here comes in two sizes, large ($5.95) and extra large (6.95). Xe lua indeed! It came quickly, and the large was huge! I couldn't finish. My friend Michael is what he calls a picky eater and what I call crazy - he asked for his with no vegetables. Somehow, it came with onions and scallions anyway. Poor Michael! He ate it anyway.
The broth here is light, tasty, and not oily at all. Michael and I both agreed that it could use more meat flavor though. Perhaps it was a little too light; we felt it was a muted flavor. I was very happy to see pink meat, something I've missed for a while. As I separated my slices of rare steak, the ones in the middle were even more pink! Finally I could see my meat cook in the broth. Sadly, it wasn't very flavorful either, but a bit dry. I thought it was pretty good overall, but something must have been wrong with me that day. I didn't come close to finishing. Did I subconsciously think it wasn't very good, or was I just not feeling pho that day? I was definitely hungry; I'd been walking around Philly all day sightseeing. Oh well. It's probably worth coming back, but if I were to eat pho again in Philly, I'd give another restaurant a try.
Rating Breakdown:
Taste (10/14):
Broth flavor- 4/5
Noodle & meat quality- 3/5
Garnish selection- 1/2
Portion size- 2/2
Restaurant (13/16):
Service- 4/5
Cleanliness- 4/5
Atmosphere- 3/4
Speed of arrival- 2/2
Total: 23/30
Read more at www.phoacrossamerica.comboy oh boy where do i begin. let's start with the pros
the food is great and the pictures don't do it enough justice. 
the kitchen is ACTUALLY clean. OTHER THAN THAT my night came to a rapid end when the roach showed up. 
cons: the roach
it's Christmas eve, so we always go to Chinatown for dinner. this year we chose Vietnamese to get ourselves out of the box. so they are filling up the sauces on a table behind us.2/3rd into dinner. its just about closing time. (Sauces we are not using). I see this dude with a large cup of tops and nozzles and i think i see a fly near the tops. a fly is a fly. ya know just swat it away. oh nooo!!!! this sucker starts crawling across the cup of tops. the main guy knocks the cup across the table some and that thing comes creeping across the floor. i have to now grab all my stuff(and it had rained so we had stufffffff and my family was there) so it wouldn't crawl across us! 
WE kill it, get the check and bounce. I only tipped cuz my meal was almost over and well we won't be back. I'm pissed cuz my food was clearly fresh and well made. i even got a glimpse of the kitchen when i had to potty and it was decent. but if they can't keep it bug free in there why bother?Since I cant pronounce the name, I just call this place "The Train". 
When I lived in Philly, this was my go to spot to fulfill my once, sometimes twice weekly Pho cravings.
Always ordered the same things: fried spring rolls, seafood noodle soup with egg noodles, and an avocado milkshake. Hit the spot every single time.
Great food + Fast service + Great price = Win
Also the service is unimaginable fast. By the time your server walks through the kitchen door, no more than 30 seconds goes by before you're enjoying a steaming hot bowl of delicious noodle soup. Seriously, time them.Really big bowl and they give you an abundance of meat. The broth holds it's own.