I have only ordered take out from this establishment and both times it has been excellent.  The pho does not dissapoint, the broth is rich and savory and the accompaniments are plentiful.  The egg noodle soup with wonton was so delicious.  The noodles had fresh garlic which really added to the flavor of the broth.  It was also served with crispy fried onions, chives, and wilted baby bok choy to add to the heartiness of this soup. The wonton was perfect, the pasta was thin and the fillings were a mix of shrimp and pork.  The Thai pearl milk iced tea is dangerously addicting. Can't wait to order from here again.PLEASE READ! One of the workers here asked my 9 year old son "Where do you live". They were in the bathroom alone. My son was washing his hands and the employee was at the urinal. My son quickly grabbed a paper towel and got out of there. He was shook up and very upset. I told the manager about the situation and she said "are you sure it was an employee?" I told her my son was sure as the employees all wear maroon shirts with pho ha Saigon written on the back. Then she replied "well that's creepy" and that was that. 
We use to frequent it as its close to our warehouse. 
Totally disgusted and will NEVER ever set foot here again.Hub and I are moving to the area soon and are so glad we found this place. Hands down best pho and banh mi we've ever experienced together. The broth is light but flavorful without being overly greasy and salty and the meat tastes fresh. I've had pho in the past where the meat tasted like it had been frozen, lending the broth to an unsavory back flavor and odor. I highly recommend the grilled pork banh mi. I am used to the classic style of banh mi with the pate and lunch meat but the grilled pork banh mi is at another level. It tastes like Korean style bulgogi/galbi marinated meat topped with pickled radish, cilantro, and cucumber on a  perfectly soft and flaky baguette. The iced coffee is done perfectly as well. Found our new joint "pho" sho!Whatever you order, you will be satisfied.  Place is big and clean. Food? Perfect! The reason I do not give 5 star is servers. 
I have used this restaurants long time. From my experience, only few of them works and cares customers well. Most of them are just standing an talking with others. Running out of water? Servers will give you water only of you are lucky to meet nice one.
Sometimes I order bahn mi, vietnamese sandwich. I really love it but I wish they put some more inside.
Photo and rice are my favorite. Perfect. No more words. PERFECT!!!!
I was about to give 3 stars bcuz of servers, but I'm giving them 4 stars bcuz food is really goodI will never eat or step foot in "Pho Ha" on rising sun Ave in my life. Just had the most racist waiter in my life. I asked him about the different Pho. These are the exact words that came out his mouth "Why y'all come here. Why y'all come to eat here for." That crushed my little heart. I never felt so unwelcome in my life. I packed my son up so fast. I will not be spending my money there. I gave a one star only for how nice it look inside. Other than that I would have not given this restaurant any starsDelicious food, great atmosphere, amazing service. Definitely 5-star worthy! I keep coming back to this place and the food NEVER fails me! I highly recommend getting the grilled chicken banh mi sandwich and fresh pennywort juice.My boyfriend and I visit Pho Ha Saigon once a week(Sunday) I get the usual, the veg Pho soup. I have to say that this is the BEST place for Pho soup. I been to A.C and eaten at a few restaurants but they don't compare to this place. Everything is fresh and the service is fast and the worker are friendly.We asked nicely for more fish sauce and the waiter's reply was...'you couldn't tell me this earlier?' . Like am I suppose to predict the future? Am I suppose to know how much sauce I need? -___- He ended up never giving it to us. Shitty customer service. As a long time costumer, I've enjoyed the food but I won't be coming back because   your one shit head waiter was too lazy to go to the kitchen and actually do his job . The audacity! Should I bring my own bottle of fish sauce ?! UghBeen here two Saturdays in a row. It's that good.
Clean, modern decor, with big windows. Plenty of wait staff. Plenty of parking.
I've tried the chicken and pork banh mi. I prefer the pork, but you will enjoy your sandwich no matter the choice of protein. The bread is warm, light, crisp and soft. The tang of the veggies is just right and provide just the right amount of acid to balance the richness of the pork.
The pho is excellent. The broth is clear and not greasy at all. Of course as with any soups, if you order the fattier cuts of meat you end up with more oil. The deluxe in the large size is under ten bucks. The serving size of the large will be filling for most people.
My only two negatives with this place is that it's not closer to where I live and the bathroom could be a bit cleaner.The food here is good, not amazing, but the place overall is leagues better than the pho restaurant that's right next door, by the supermarket. The place is clean and the decor is nice. Despite the good food, service is lacking. And it's like that every time I go. 
The staff is friendly, but you're never checked up on during your meal and your water is never refilled. After they take your order, you never see your waiter/waitress again, especially since you pay your bill up at the front. I've been to the place when it wasn't busy, when it was and always had the same experience. 
I'll still come for the food, but would appreciate better service.The Pho is delicious along with the summer roll l,it's clean, friendly staff is courteous and fast...Such a huge clean place with lots of customers! Clearly they are doing so well! It's just that some of the waiter guys are kind of.. creepy? Like stop staring when I'm eating and when I'm waiting to take out my food! Thank you!I love this place. Anytime I wanna go eat pho, I go here. The food is very good. The portions are huge. I wish my egg rolls were a little hotter but that's okay and wished it was made to order, but that's okay. What they lack at is customer service. I was eating pho and there were about 4 customers behind and they was complaining that their food was not coming out after 20 minutes of waiting and I looked around me and I notice that the employees were not checking on their customers. They were standing around and sometimes walking aimlessly waiting for their checks to arrive. The employees, they're nice but are very lazy to check on their customers.This is my go-to Vietnamese restaurant, especially since it's 5 mins away from home. 
This is good for a quick meal because the food always comes out fast. I'm usually only here for 30-45 mins at most. 
I never really get the pho here. I'd rather go to Pho 75 (not too far from here) for pho.
I get the bun bo hue or the rice platters. The rice platters are a hit or miss but the bun bo hue is always good!The bahn mi and pho bowls are wonderful.  The place is huge and customers are not sitting on top of each other.  $8 for a bowl is a fair price considering my usual place charges $11.50 (sorry pho saigon, I'm leaving you).  I have not tried to bakery but open to suggestions.My 3rd time coming here and this place hasn't changed a bit. The service is still horrible and the pho is not good at all. The broth tasted bland with nothing but msg. Also, there are not enough meat in the soup and the noodle is not tender. Don't know why this place is so crowed, but I would never come here again. You are better off going to Pho & More 2.The place is clean, well staffed and fast service.  Prices are good.  I had the Bun Bo Hue and it was good, not "really" good but good none the less.  I would have preferred it a bit more spicy.  They don't go light on the meat either.  Will be back to try some other items.I've only been to this place once and the experience as whole was ok. The decor of this place is great. It's probably the cleanest and most modern looking Vietnamese restaurant I've been to. The food was just ok in my opinion.  Now usually I can deal with ok food with great ambiance but the kicker were the prices. The prices at this place are higher than most Vietnamese restaurants and even more expensive than my south philly haunts that probably pay more in rent. If the prices of this place were on par with what's normal for Vietnamese food thru out the city it would definitely get another star. I can't imagine my self going out of my way to goto this place but if there isn't any other option and I don't feel like driving to far I'd probably end up here.This is my place to go! I literally go here at least once a week....LITERALLY. I either get pho or bun bo hue and they never fail to disappoint.I ordered take out-- a banh mi, pork chop over rice and pho. 
The banh mi- The veggies were crunchy and the meat/pate was French. $4.50 is higher than other spots but it's def worth it!
The pho- immediately I noticed there wasn't any oil on the surface of the pho. Definitely a healthier broth. The sprouts and mint were not as fresh but that could just be from being packaged in the warm bag.
The pork chop- a little too much sauce but it was cooked perfectly. The rice and veggies were also plentiful and delicious.
All in all, I was pretty impressed. The interior is super clean and nice. I feel a little sorry for the neighboring pho places. I used to go to pho and more 2 but I think it's definitely worth it to switch to pho ha Saigon. Yum!Excellent pho at decent prices for the serving size. We go out of our way for this place!Went here today with my daughter, was excited to try this place out. The place itself was very nice, it looks clean, had nice Decour. It's took a while for someone to come and take our order. I got the chicken Pho, It was pretty much all bones hardly any chicken at all so I asked if I could order a side of extra chicken. They bought me a plate of pretty much bones with just a little bit of chicken on it. My daughter and I both ordered coffees which they never brought, so I flagged somebody down and they went and brought out one coffee. Nobody came to check in see how everything was, we were done eating for a while and nobody came up to us so finally I walk to the front to get a container for leftovers and asked for the check. I was shocked that they charge 550 for the extra chicken being as it was literally a plate of bones, so I voiced that. They said it was that much because it was fresh expensive chicken, but I was literally given bones which was what my point was, but they didn't care. I also told them they never brought me out my coffee so I got it to go. There's two other Pho spots Around here that I will stick with, I will not go back here again the service was terrible, and the Chicn Pho was a jokeClean and modern Vietnamese place that stands out from others in the neighborhood.  The menu is extensive (at least for different variants of pho). Service was fast and the servings are huge (large is way more than most people can eat). The bowls were good, though a bit under seasoned. Nothing that couldn't be fixed with some peppers and sriraccha.  A good value and great find.I wouldn't even rate this wit one star. Totally sucks of customer service skills!!!!! But have to in-order to post up my review.
It's been awhile since we have been to this place. It's raining out tonight, so we thought to just have a little detour and stop by for a bowl of Pho. As we walked in, noticed it's not as busy as we thought it would be. 
We did get seated right away. Our tea was given also right away. Then this is where it all started going down hill from here. Three guys just sitting down and doing nothing. Waited more than 10 mins for someone to take my order. I had to walk up to the front to place my order. 
I had asked for a small side dish due to sharing a few dishes. No one brought it out. Had to once again go up to the front. We also asked for more pho broth with an additional cost. Instead they brought out chicken broth. At this point I was upset cause they had just messed up everything. 
This place has definitely changed a bit. Not sure if I would recommend this place to anyone.New pho place. It's new, its clean....for now. The broth isn't what I'm used to. You don't get that pho broth aroma. It's overpriced. One size. Service was a lil unorganized. So I think everyone will give it a try since it's new in the area but over time ppl will go back to the few old restaurants that's been in the area forever.I am a big fan of Pho Ha Saigon. The food is great and the casual atmosphere is a bit more polished than the dilapidated cafeteria style you often encounter at Vietnamese restaurants. The place is BIG too, so no worry about finding a table ready for you unless you have quite a large group. 
I have tried four or five things so far, but keep coming back to the DIY summer roll dishes, the beef in grape leaves is killer.
The pho is pretty good, but ultimately doesn't really compete with the masters a little further down the street who do nothing else. Embrace the rest of the menu, it is incredible.The is a complete PHO RESTAURANT..
Everything about this place is perfection 
From the decor, customer service,and cleanliness ...Last but definitely not LEAST .... THE PHO . TASTY..FILLING  
LOTS OF MEAT N NOODLES
STOP IN ENJOY A HUGE BOWL OF PHO
The menu is full of other items to try 
You won't be disappointed!I came here on their grand opening and was not impressed with their pho. However, several months later I came back and my mind was changed. Their broth wasn't as bad this time, pho noodles freshly cooked so it's not coagulated at the bottom of the bowl, all meats were tender and delicious and service was attentive. The ambiance of this place is contemporary and so clean which makes me feel good about eating there. 3 stars simply because I've had pho that's packed more authentic cooked for hours flavors.By far the best pho I have ever eaten at a Vietnamese restaurant. I've had my share of pho all throughout Philadelphia-- from Washington Ave. to Chinatown-- and the medium pho dac biet at Pho Ha Saigon is so flavorful, meaty, and perfect. Just taste the broth and you'll see there's no need for the extra hoisin sauce. 
The location has a vibrant, modern feel with ample parking and so much space inside. 
I wish I could eat everything on their menu. Bring a couple friends and share as many dishes as you can. Their pho, com tam, banh mi, and bun look so good.First time here and the place looks very modern. I got the vermicelli noodle bowl with pork and spring roll for $8.50. The food great, no complaints. My table mates got pho and they said the broth was watered down and had no flavor. Maybe they ran out of broth but even though we came during prime dinner hours. The service was okay as it took awhile to get an extra tea cup and chopsticks but we always had our tea filled. I would definitely recommend this place but their pho broth needs to be consistent as it was always good when my table mates came here before.Muy bueno el lugar exelente servicio exelente precio y sobre todo exelente comida y muy ricas las phoClean and fairly priced. Pho has great flavor. Rice entrees are good too. I've never been disappointed. The wings are great too. We visit at least once a month. I would definitely recommend it.I gave this 2 stars but if I could have done 2 and half I would have. The place is very modern looking and had an overall good ambience.  The food was also very good. My husband had the #12 and I had the fried rice. I took my husband here because he loves Pho and Vietnamese food. I am more of a novice to this type of food. 
The service here is the reason why I did not rate this location well. The hostess was prompt and friendly and the food came out quickly...that is the only plus to service. Our server took our drink order which was cold tea and a Coke. He came back 5 minutes later and said they 'ran out' of Coke. We asked what options he had for soft drinks and he said Mountain Dew and Sierra Mist. Great selection...not. Then what was supposed to be tea came out. It tasted like water that cleaned out a tea pot. I sent it back. Then we ordered. Since Im not big on sauces which I am unsure of I asked about what sauce the fried rice came with and was subjected to 3 minute talk from the waiter about how the restaurant  has to pay for other people's orders when they send that back. That is my problem? Completely unprofessional.  No one came to our table the whole time we were there except for the nice hostess who asked did we want a box for our to go food. Maybe that's because our waiter was at one of the other customer tables along with other waiters having a meal. If you want good Pho you can get it but get it to go.
Women's bathroom was also dirty with two stalls not for use.Over all great Pho and the rest of the menu looks totally super yummy. Great service and clean environment. Definitely would recommend to anyone. A+++My go to Pho spot is Pho75, but I decided to try this new place. This place was pretty crowded. The interior design looks like chipotle and apparently it is a BYOB spot. The service was horrible and the Pho took long. The broth was good, not to salty or oily and the noodles was soft, but still average and over priced. I may have to go there and give it a second try...This place looks really modern and nice. The food is good. Maybe the broth of the pho could use some work but besides that everything else has been great. I've visited a few times and will definitely be back whenever I am in the area. I like their spring rolls and summer rolls too.This is my first time trying  this Vietnamese restaurant. Nice and quiet the food was great. I  had Pho Oxtail the meat fell off the bone.It's been awhile since I came here for a meal already. Today I am quite disappointed with them. Sat down around 1pm and placed the order shortly after. Our food didn't come out til more than half an hour later after we have to ask the waiter to check on our order. By then my 11mos baby was fussing for food already! Surprisingly, only 2 of the 3 orders were out and the waiter said my order will be out soon. After another half an hour my food is still not here! Seriously?! The place is not even pack full! I ended up cancelling my order and didn't get to eat my lunch. How sad! Plus, I tried a bite of their pho noodle, it isn't great since I have eaten much better pho at some other place. My husband and I said we will never go back to that place ever again. Very disappointing.This place is not only BEAUTIFUL and modern but it also has really DELICIOUS FOOD! I will definitely come back a lot!I enjoyed our dinner. Everything tasted good and fresh. Our waiter Kevin was very attentive. Nice atmosphere.Absolutely delicious food and beautiful restaurant. The outside location is not the best but the restaurant itself is beautiful and delicious.I waited in the Cafe + Banh Mi for 10 mins, several workers saw me on the restaurant side and was later acknowledge to place my order in the restaurant. I ordered and paid $4.38 for a Vietnamese Iced coffee to go. It was definitely overpriced and most of it was ice, never again! Rather have went to Starbucks, McDonald's or Wawa instead. What a ripoff and waste of time...Pho ha Saigon is a clean and a visually great place to get your standard pho. I got the grilled chicken with broken rice, my standard because I'm not a phonatic. It was good but a bit dry. Staff is a little nicer than the ones at Washington Ave. Four stars. If you live in the area and looking for your veit fix this place is great.If you enjoy Pho this is a must try place. Probably one of the nicest Pho restaurants I've been to. Big on the outside and easy to spot as well as clean and open on the inside. Although I've never sat and eaten here I have ordered out many times and never been disappointed. The staff is very helpful and friendly and once you put a good order in the wait time is not long at all. Also price wise it is very adorable and filling as Pho usually can be. Don't have one bad thing to say about this restaurantAdams Ave offers plenty of options for any fan of Vietnamese cuisine. There are pho specialists, banh mi bakeries, and numerous other restaurants serving superb renditions of a small variety of dishes. Unfortunately, not everyone always wants to eat the same thing. Also, not everyone is cool with eating at divey, hole in the wall spots no matter how good the food. When the situation demands catering to mixed appetites or dining in somewhat upscale surroundings, Pho Ha Saigon comes to the rescue.
For a place with pho in the name, that soup represents the weakest component of the menu. The slightly thin broth lacks some of the spices like star anise that I like in pho. Fortunately, the meat and noodle portions are quite generous. Large means more meat and noodles rather than just more broth, rendering the large bowls genuinely difficult to finish. For broken rice or vermicelli dishes, Pho Ha Saigon marinates their grilled meats expertly resulting in some deliciously smoky stuff. Banh mi benefit from classically awesome (perhaps house baked?) crispy, airy baguette and from being stuffed with sizable portions of veggies and those aforementioned grilled meats.
Service is pretty standard for a Vietnamese place, and prices are pretty fair given the portions. While Pho Ha Saigon may not do one particular thing the best in the Northeast (the awesome banh mi notwithstanding), it does a very decent job of serving a varied menu of Vietnamese food in a clean, modern setting. We find ourselves returning frequently for those reasons, and it's subsequently worth checking out.I would give it more stars if it wasn't so damned difficult to flag down staff. It was packed for lunch on a Sunday. The place is new so the floors and furniture didn't stick to you (like the other Pho places). Our party of 6 including a 5 yr old ordered Pho, Bun, and Chicken Fried Rice (no kids menu here). I had the Pho #25. Digging in, I knew I would have trouble with the noodles. It's those noodles that are too long for one slurp. The soup looked perfect but heavy on MSG.  The meats and tripe in the dish was delish and tender (MSG helped). The neat thing is Cafe Banh Mi is attached so there were some cool authentic Vietnamese desserts to end the meal. The banana leaf yellow bean wrap was spot on. I had wanted to get some Banh Mi to go but the lack of a menu board discouraged me. I also didn't want to flag down staff again. It was an experience trying to get the waiters' attention maybe I will return in the summer.Food was good,  pho soup was yummy but service was definitely lacking. Would do takeout the next time rather than sit in to eat.Extreme delicious Phô and spring rolls mmmmm the owner was there when I was there and he was really kind and interested in our opinions of the food. So yumI just recently tried this place 2 weeks ago and have already been back. I loved my rare steak pho and am looking forward to trying the pork. I also love the grilled ground pork spring rolls dipped in peanut sauce.
The restaurant is so clean and the Pho tastes very fresh. Not to mention the prices are right.... Can't ask for much more. I can't wait to go back for another lunch!Service is slow as hell. there wasn't very much customer and the waiters just standing there, idling around like they don't know where to go, which cause me to think they need a service dog. They gave me the menu and did not give me ice water as i wait for more than 10 minutes. after that, i grab the menu and slam it on the cashier table and left.I did takeout - the pho ga with bok choy is absolutely delicious. My new go to for phoAbsolutely delicious. Great local place - clean - modern - tasty! Can't wait to go back!!I absolutely love this place. The place itself is beautiful. The serves are always friendly and excellent. The food has always been great. I've never had a bad experience. I go as often as I can go. 
Get the H8 and some fried rice. It's one of my favorite lunch meals. 
Just amazing. I'll be a regular here for sure.Pros:
1. The interior was very nice, and probably the cleanest looking Pho Restaurant I've been to in Philly. 
2. The food was also pretty decent.
Cons:
1. Considering it's in Philly, and not even in the suburbs where restaurants tend to be pricier, the prices are one of the highest for Pho restaurants in Philly.
2. Having been to many Pho restaurants, I've never had to wait this long for food before.Their bubble milk tea taste terrible. The bubbles in the milk tea was too hard and taste of the milk tea was powdery.  But the pho soup taste better than any other pho places near the location and food prepares fast enough.Good addition to the neighborhood. Use to go to Pho Ha when it was a couple blocks away about 10 years ago. Work location changed and found a closer haunt until finding out they closed. Rumor is, this is the same owner (but not tied to the franchise as before.) 
Now the food - the summer rolls are good and freshly prepared. Bun Bo Hue is tasty w/o being over powering. Mi Bo Kho is rich and beefy with tons of meat and chewing so don't be in a hurry. While being adventurous I tried the Bun Mam (fermented fish soup) and let's just say it is different. It is, need less to say,a little pungent but offset with some sweetness. If you aren't into sweeter dishes or fermented foods you may want to stay away. 
Decor is nice open and modern. Even on a busy Saturday night there always seems to be a table available. Service is brisk and noodle house style - you may have to wave down a server for something else after your food arrives but that seems par for the course. Plan on returning as frequent as I'm in the area.I love there pho and the great service everything that I have tried it's been very good I would come here everyday if I could.This place have's delicious pho! The prices are very good for a large bowl! It's like 7 or 8 bucks for a large bowl! The bowl I order usually haves so much meat and noodles and it's so worth it! But the only problem is when I say thank you, they won't respond back to me your welcome in Vietnamese...First time here and the place looks very modern. I got the vermicelli noodle bowl with pork and spring roll for $8.50. The food great, no complaints. My table mates got pho and they said the broth was watered down and had no flavor. Maybe they ran out of broth but even though we came during prime dinner hours. The service was okay as it took awhile to get an extra tea cup and chopsticks but we always had our tea filled. I would definitely recommend this place but their pho broth needs to be consistent as it was always good when my table mates came here before. 
Update:
Went here for lunch and ordered their large #29 pho. It was amazing and a large filled me up for the whole day. All the other dishes my table ordered was great too. One note is that they ran out of beef noodle stew, which I wanted originally.Extremely clean restaurant delicious food an excellent wait staff you really can't ask for more all the condiments you could ever want are already on the table Easy-to-Read menu and did I say delicious food!My go-to pho place. I've been all over town and this place just knows how to make pho broth. Not too salty just perfect. The side offerings are fresh and the place is new so it's clean and nice.Been here before and it was fine but they must've changed ownership. They now have horrible service now. It took 15-20 minutes for them to get our order.  The quality of the Pho has decreased. I have noticed a funky taste in the meatballs. Nevertheless, I will not be coming back to this establishment!Awesome Pho spot in North East Philadelphia, a favorite lunch stop when we need a change from our local spots.  Fast services and great food.This place sucks. Servers have no idea what is in the dishes when you ask them questions regarding the menus. They will reply 'hmmm.. I don't know'.. It pretty ridiculous...
This place also does not have everything listed on their menus other than pho.. Pretty stupid..
And if anyone is a vegetarian don't come here they have nothing at all. Asked them remove meal from dishes and they said no they can't and don't do it.
I would never go back. Would have gave zero stars if I could and this place his is over priced.My fiancé and I are regulars here. The staff is extremely friendly and welcoming. We typically order the exact same thing each time and receive our food fairly quickly. The pho is delicious here!Very poor wait staff and very mediocre food that you can order anywhere from the local neighborhood restaurants. Last time I went, it was after work with my coworkers and I. They were quick to take our order and after that, our waiter was completely MIA. A long while after, a family of 6 comes in, place their order and their food arrived before ours. Maybe because the wait staff assumed since we were Asian and the family were white, it made sense for them to serve them before us I guess. Absolutely ridiculous. When we got up, and complained to the girl up front, she offered no apologies, only telling us that the family had already placed their order through the phone prior to arriving. Whatever. Never returning.Rude waiters. Got our orders mixed up and blamed us for getting it wrong. I understand you are busy and it's Mother's day lunch but no excuse for mistreating customers. Won't be back here again. Better places to go with far better service.My go to Pho spot is Pho75, but I decided to try this new place. This place was pretty crowded. The interior design looks like chipotle and apparently it is a BYOB spot. The service was horrible and the Pho took long. The broth was good, not to salty or oily and the noodles was soft, but still average and over priced. I may have to go there and give it a second try...This place is always packed. Staff are attentive and nice. Usually I get seated near the windows and stare at the abandon bowling alley lol I'm fine with the view, it makes me really wonder what have ever happened to it. Pho is always good here like the way it's suppose to be. This place will not disappoint!Finally a Pho place that is clean and comfty. Foods are pretty decent. It has a small shop for hoagies and other snacks and dessert. Haven't try much of the food yet. But at least the vermicelli is pretty good.The food was average. It's a good sized bowl of Pho but the broth isnt particularly tasty or exciting. The crispy rolls  and summer rolls were disappointing. Next time i want Pho, I'll go to Pho 75. The decor is nice for a Pho restaurant if that matters to you.This place is such a gem. This was my first time having Pho. I am not a soup guy but it was delicious! The atmosphere is family oriented and the staff is sharp, quick, kind, and professional. You don't get a check by a waiter/waitress but pay up front after your meal. It is pretty loud and busy but far from chaotic, the staff is on point and keeps everything in a decent flow. You can visit this place with a large family or with one of your friends and can still feel welcomed and enjoy great food!New Pho spot in the North amongst other well established competitors. Easy to find, their signage stands out, parking is basically unlimited, the restaurant is very modern, clean. I seriously like the atmosphere of the entire place. I went for dinner around 5-7pm and only a few tables were occupied and we were basically eating in silence because there was no music playing. lol It was kinda awkward but you could hear conversation throughout the place.
The service was great, servers were really attentive and spoke English and Vietnamese. We ordered pho and beef stew. 
Pho: broth was really sweet, alittle meat was given
Beef stew: was not really flavorful, my broth was basically oil because they scooped the broth from the top of the pot, rather than stirring the entire pot and then scooping. So I didn't really get to enjoy the broth. 
I will stick with Cafe Saigon down the street.Great service. It's our neighborhood go to restaurant for some pho. Staff is awesome... Majority of the time. Haha. Our kids love their pho. They are very accommodating by helping us set up booster seats and give us utensils like scissors to cuts up the noodles and extra bowls for the kids..... Without being asked. Very nice staff. Always find parking available. Keep up the good work! Don't want to see another run down dingy restaurant around here.Great pho place, service is great! Banh mi here is delicious and cheap. The pho is alrite, think pho75 is a little better. They have other Viet food and I've never had anything bad from here.Brought dear friends who love Vietnamese as much as I do - this was my 2nd visit.
Food is still quite amazing and portions are great.  Loved the papaya salad,  friends liked the spring rolls so much that there were 2nd orders.   Got shrimp with broken rice and it was perfection.
Cafe su da just iced heaven.
So why the decrease from 5 to 4 stars since last trip?
Service.
We watched all the diners who came in long after us having their meals served while our appetizer plates were licked clean and we were desperately wanting to enjoy our dinners ...  we waited over a half hr.  No one seemed to know where the order was.   
I'll still come back,  just needed to be honest here.   Service in the end is what can make or break a place !Super delicioso la recomiendo...yo como chef tengo un paladar sensacional recomiendo este restauranteIf you think you have had good pho try this place!
I have traveled the world and around United States never passing up an opportunity for pho'.  I always fight the urge to add anything to the soup before I try it. I have had good phone where I enjoyed one or two scoops before at all the accoutrements.  This time however I had no desire to add anything to it because they nailed the broth spot on.  Obviously they get but that this is more of an art form than just throwing liquids together.... I will be back because it is so good I couldn't re-create it in my own kitchenOne of the better Pho spots in the area, extensive menu that includes pho, rice platters, appetizers, vermicelli etc. The food was pretty good, the service friendly and the atmosphere was clean and modern. We'll definitely be back.I have been to this restaurant a few times ... when I go out I refuse to play the race card!
But I have had more than 3 interactions with this server Dung N. and have tipped him at least 20 % each time he has served me
He is rude , and I notice that if you are ASIAN he is pleasant with a smile, but is short , and abrupt with people of color. Today he took my order, and once again he was short with me and acted like I bothering him ....I ordered THE #20 AND d9...I received my food but not my drink, I asked him about it , and he kind of grunted and walked away.......another server walked past me I asked him, about my drink, and his smiled and said he would check on it....Keep in Mind Dung N was my Primary Server, he never returned, gave me an explanation of any kind.
I have been going to this restaurant since 2015, and have never left a bad review......but this server is becoming increasingly  rude, and needs sensitivity training when he deals with non Asian patrons.
The Pho is what keeps me coming back....and I have been treated well by other members of there staff.
But this server Dung N is rude, seems to have a problem with non Asian patronsHaving been a couple of times, I can say that I have not been let down by this place so far and I enjoy their yummy pho each and every time. I usually get the chicken pho, the broth is tasty and you get a generous amount of juicy chicken.
This time I had the rare steak with brisket, tripes and tendons. Broth was again tasty, the meat was done just right and the noodles were the right amount of soft. I ordered the medium size (you can also order the large size) and I was full and still had a little bit left (and I am a good eater). So the portions are really generous.
My friend has the vermicelli with pork and shrimp and I didn't taste it personally but it looked pretty awesome: the shrimp and pork were grilled to perfection and I was assured it tasted pretty good (no leftovers lol).
The place is pretty big, well lit and clean. I thought the service was fine. They are efficient and don't waste words (asian style service but they were friendly). You pay when you are done at the cash register (or at least that is what we have been doing every single time haha). 
Definitely one of my to go places for pho. Also the parking lot right in front of it is always an incentive.I go here to get pho fast because this place is very good with giving you your food in just a few minutes. The food is good here, better the other pho places around the area. I do recommend this place if you're here to eat Vietnamese food.Went the other day around 4 pm and the place was pretty quiet. The service was very quick.
 I ordered pho which came out super fast. The sizes are medium and large. The medium was huge so I can't imagine how big the large is. 
The pho was delicious and was served with the usual toppings (bean sprouts, jalapenos, basil etc.) 
I also ordered a bahn mi sandwich. The size was good and the sandwich tasted very fresh. 
Overall, we enjoyed our experience and would definitely return.One of the best Vietnamese restaurants in the area of not the best. Gets a little busy sometimes but worth the wait.I had to write another review for this place! Since discovering this place almost 2 years ago, I've frequented here so much that I had to write another one. The banh mi are so delicious. I'll grab a few of them for day trip lunches, the best!In my opinion, it is one of the best pho places in the city. It is a very good, relaxed atmosphere. The price a dollar more expensive than other restaurants, but is so worth it. 
The criteria of pho for me is the broth and meat, and pho ha offers great quality in both areas. I really like how the meat isn't stringy or dry like some other locations.Large, modern and airy this cool Vietnamese pho joint is good but only just so. 
 Menu is short but covered all the old favorites,I had the beef/ tripe pho and a order of Cha gio.
 The Cha gio never came with the traditional lettuce for wrapping and while the pho broth was quite savory it still lacks that certain spark that separates great pho from good pho...... Plus the jalapeños were of the TAM verity which further makes me believe that this restaurant is mainly catering to predominantly American business lunch crowd.
Excellent choice for a fast lunch but stick with the Pho..........As I've mentioned on here many times, you can't throw a rock around my job without hitting a Pho restaurant. Of the 3 that I have reviewed so far, this is the Goldie Locks of the bunch. It's better than the worst one, not as good as the best.
We've been here twice so far, and I think that twice is where my experiment stops. Both times have been ok, but ok doesn't cut it when there is competition LITERALLY on the other side of your building. Both times we were here there were just things that could've been handled better. Both times we sat for a longer time than we should have, waiting to place our orders and to receive the bill. Both times, the staff was aloof or almost annoyed. Both times, tables that sat after us, that had patrons that spoke Vietnamese, were waited on first and more enthusiastically. The Pho is good, the place is clean, the price is reasonable, but there is just something so antiseptic and blah about this place. Its remarkably unremarkable, and again, there is WAY too much competition in the IMMEDIATE vicinity.The food here is simple, comforting and authentic. We had the beef stew pho with rice noodles. The broth was tasty and the beef was tender. We also had the pork with broken rice and the fried egg, this was good too. The atmosphere is so relaxed, cozy and its clean and very pretty inside. The servers were friendly and helpful. We also had lemonade, free tea and crispy spring rolls. This is a very cool neighborhood spot, the best part my bill for two was 29.00.Everything was pretty awesome! Rare steak pho was awesome, so was the grilled chicken vermicelli and bahn mi! Great atmosphere, be back ASAP! (We ordered to go, but next time, we will eat in)I spotted this newer-looking Vietnamese restaurant and gave it a shot today.  
Took the service almost 10 mins to bring water to my table and acknowledge me after being seated.  They walked by a few times and apparently are allergic to multitasking (not many tables being served).  I read online that they had tamarind-garlic wings that are great, so I asked about them.  The waiter wasn't sure what tamarind was, it seemed.  He told me it was a "sweet and sour" sauce, I just wanted to confirm I was ordering the right thing.  He told me, a lot of people like it, as if I was going to sign on because of that, lol. Another waiter searched on phone and confirmed it was, in fact, tamarind. 
While I was waiting for my food, I saw my waiter bussing another table and he put the garbage in one container and actually took the lime slices from off the former customers' plates and put them on a separate, not going to the garbage.  Maybe he was making a limeade smoothie for himself (probably not!) but it made me feel uncomfortable that they were reserving other customers food. 
The tamarind-garlic wings were good.  I also ordered Banh Xeo (the stuffed crepe).  It was decent, not better than other Vietnamese spots I frequent in Philly.  
Overall, I'd give the food 3.5 stars.  Service -1 stars.  I will not be returning.This was the worst experience I have ever had. They did not make tea and have the nerve to say "no time to make tea". Are you serious? It's not that hard to make tea. The orders were all wrong. The menu.. first of all why do you put beef soup underneath the noodles section. You should separate under a different category labeled as "Soup". All I got was freaking beef balls in a soup that cost $7. So stupid ugh. I even ask for takeout and it didn't came. You guys really need to train the waiters better. Fix the menu as well.A White thick hair from my soup!! Taste was also terrible- never will return! Waste of money-the white hair is from pork? Am I supposed to eat pork hair too? Actually I'd love to give "0" star.Food is delicious and would definitely come back. Three star due to service. Instead of clearing tables servers should make sure current customers get their order in. Waited 15 minutes after we sat down to get our orders with multiple servers walking by our tables. Flagged one down and he said he will be right back but I see him clear a table.This place looks nice inside. Loved the decor. Pho ha has a lot of variety and price isn't too bad. I got the chicken hen with rice and they were accommodating. I asked what sauce they gave with it and let me try two kinds. When they let me try the second one, there was a piece of hair in there and I told them. They came back with hopefully a new batch.. Lol. But the dish was hot and very good. Place looked clean. Lastly, their viet coffee was good and strong. I would come back.I love their packaging when you have a to go takeout order. This is like the only pho shop with the convenient bowl in their packaging that allows you to just pour the soup in. Other places you may need to bring your own bowl or try to fit the noodles and meat into the plastic soup container. Only thing was there is a bit of a slight wait. Maybe they were extra busy but when it comes to lunch time at work. Time is moneyI am a HUGE fan of the food.  its all amazing.  The manager walks around on the floor and greets customers.  She gets her hands dirty and she helps with serving and clean up.  However, service is not that great.  I've been there about 5 times so far, the service is always the same.  8 times out of 10 I get my appetizer after I receive my meal, and today, we didn't get our drink order...at all.  I asked my server for it and he replied with "it's on it's way".  We ordered a ginger ale and hot tea, I cant imagine it would normally take that long to prepare.  We complained at checkout, we were charged for it.  The young women at the register were apologetic and removed it from the bill.  Over all its an awesome restaurant and everyone is very nice.  The atmosphere is colorful and the wait time is minimal to say the least.  I would still come here to eat, even if they forget my drink order.I came here with my wife around lunchtime to tried out their food and service. This place is big and spacious with a modern decor.
 It is also nice because it has a little shop up front that sells asain snacks and deserts.
After the hostess show us to our table, we waited about 10 minutes before a waitress came to take our orders. The odd thing was the restaurant was almost empty at the time. 
My wife order banh xeo a Vietnamese crepes, it's an asain version of a taco. I order  pho ga wich is chicken noodle soup. Our food took longer then other Vietnamese restaurant to come out. The soup in my noodle was a little bland, it was lacking some flavors. My wife also said her banh xeo was kind of average. She think they didn't add any coconut milk in their batter's.
Overall their food wasn't bad, its just wasn't great.!!!This review is for service. We sat down to an almost empty restaurant. Was served water immediately. Ordered spring rolls  (which we immediately got), pho and a rice dish. We waited half an hour and saw the other patrons that had just been seated being served their food first while we have been waiting for over half an hour. I decided to just ask them to just cash us out and we won't be eating anymore. They tried to charge us our entire order and proceed to tell us they're wrapping it to go. We never received our food, nor did they even ask us the entire time if we were ok. There are other places that are more attentive than this place.Chicken with Tamarind-garlic sauce to die for!
Friendly staff and smart decor. Extensive menu and our large group tried many things. For example, the "Crispy filled crepe," the "Grilled Pork and Egg Quiche and Sunny Side Up Egg on Rice," the "Vermicelli with Grilled Pork and Shrimp" were all delicious with ample portions. The only disappointment was the "Rotisserie Chicken with Red Rice"-it had no taste and the chicken was fried. But what stole the show was a new item being tested by the owner and chef: Chicken Wings with Tamarind-Garlic Sauce. Fabulous. Must try! Actually I would rate it out a 4.5.This place was really good until about a couple of months ago. Now the food is ok, but the staff has a chip on their shoulder. 
This was once a nice family restaurant where everyone was bright and cheery, but I think the local Americans that frequent because of their fad of pho has worn heavily on the Asian dining patience and understanding. Thank you northeast, for destroying yet another wonderful restaurant with your selfish, ignorant behavior.This is by far the largest Pho place I have ever been to! Walking in, you are momentarily wowed by its sheer size. Pho Ha Saigon is the new kid on the block but it has big shoes to fill if it wants to compete with the old timers. Everything was clean and new but had a cafeteria feel. With a restaurant this size, I was expecting some big ticket items but the menu stuck with the traditional pho fare. I did note that prices were on the higher side.
The food was good, nothing incredibly out of place. Pho bowls were huge and rice dishes came with extra rice. The Hainese Chicken was good but I was bothered by the bones. The star of the evening was the mung bean and coconut smoothie.  I haven't had this in a long time and it brought back good memories. 
Overall, Pho Ha Saigon is a great addition to the neighborhood. Service may have been a bit sloppy but it was still polite.ask for steak on the side and eat it as you dip it in your broth to lightly cook it. you can also ask for fatty broth on the side of you'd like to make your broth more rich.I can't rave enough about this place, I have to go at least once or twice a week. The pho is AMAZING and always consistent I'm addicted to the pho #20 and the tamarind wings extremely delicious , very clean environment VERY FAST service pho comes out in less than 5 mins so if you have to change your order you better make it fast. Easy checkout great for lunch!Place is a diamond in the rough. The pho is great. The place is huge and clean, and the people are nice who work there. Never too crowded. Maybe top 3 Pho in philly.Went in the other week with my wife and kid. We didn't receive our menus after being seated. We actually had to flag down the hostess because our waiter was busy in the back..  Probably congregating with the other waiters. Look, I'm Asian and I know how the waiting staff is at most Asian spots; you flag them and they come. Pho Ha is just terrible! You flag, they look through you like you're not there. You flag, they look at you while your hand is up and laugh amongst themselves. 
They're also pricer than the 4 other pho spots that are within a mile. How is an extra meat 4 dollars? The decor is nice, but what does the decor do for a restaurant with horrible staff? 
If you're around to get Vietnamese food, just go to Pho and More 2, Pho 75, Pho Viet , or Cafe Saigon.The food and atmosphere are EXCELLENT! So why the 3 stars? The service. 
I go to the restaurant fairly frequently on the way home from work. I am seated promptly. The problems lies in how long it takes for a waiter to take my order, and this is a chronic problem. I could understand if they wait staffed seemed overwhelmed by a customer load that outweighed their staffing capabilities but this is never the case. In fact, many times a waiter or two will look my way and simply walk by my table without taking my order. Remember, these are not complicated orders. Usually the entire order is "I'll have number 71. Thank you." There really is no excuse for the poor service. If the food wasn't so good I wouldn't go back.Pretty good pho, not stellar but still tasty. Didn't personally try other items on the menu, but heard positive things. Good service and restaurant decor also lent to a good experience. I'd return to sample the rest of their menu.This place is great I get bun from here and I absolutely love it . Me and my sisters always come here . Great prices and delicious food  I would come back and recommend it as well .Always loved the food here, service was always great before. But as of lately, no one wants to pay attention to the customers after they seat them. 10 minutes & no one has checked on whether we were ready to order yet. Had to go to the register to place our order to dine in. 
The last time, they forgot to give me my rice paper and gave me an attitude about why I was trying to wave down a waiter to ask for it. My friend ordered pho and they were clueless about what he was talking about when he asked when it would come out. Pho should not take 15 minutes to come out at a pho place.
They're quick to help non-Asian customers here, but if you're Asian, apparently NOW YOURE INVISIBLE. It's time to take my business elsewhere.I just recently tried this place 2 weeks ago and have already been back. I loved my rare steak pho and am looking forward to trying the pork. I also love the grilled ground pork spring rolls dipped in peanut sauce.
The duck pho is also excellent!!
The restaurant is so clean and the Pho tastes very fresh. Not to mention the prices are right.... Can't ask for much more. I can't wait to go back for another lunch!Food is very delicious. Layout is very nice compare to Pho place in the area.  It's only a few block from my house so no need to drive down to South Philly.Excellent!! Some of the best pho I've had in a good while. Fast service. Clean place. Quiet and relaxed. You don't leave feeling bloated. Very flavorful and fair pricing. We hope to be back!Some of the best Vietnamese food in the area, I eat here at least three times a week. The food is delicious, my favorites are the crispy spring rolls, the summer rolls, the noodle soups as the vermicelli bowls w/marinated pork, beef and grilled shrimp. The Bubble teas and ice coffee is great too. They can get pretty busy (like i said, the food is good) but the service is courteous and quick and the prices are good as well.I am Vietnamese and have been blessed with being able to eat the best authentic vietnamese food known to man! And I must say, this is truly one of the best pho/combo plate/Banh mi spots I have ever tried. The food was hot, fresh, delicious, and most importantly authentic! My friends and I ordered the nem nuong and the spring rolls as an appetizer. And boy were they delicious! The spring rolls had the freshest ingredients and the peanut sauce that came with it were to die for. The nem nuong was also perfectly rolled and delectable. I ordered a large pho and the broth was hot and flavorful. The beef was tender and they were very generous with the portions as well. And the noodles were perfect. Easily one of the best pho noodle soups I have ever had. Comparable to my grandmas! Aside from the amazing food, the service was excellent and fast, the restaurant was spacious and clean, and the decor is very modern. Will be back again whenever I crave delicious authentic Vietnamese food!Poor service. Place is huge and they have plenty of people working but at less than half capacity they still seem to be either running around or standing idly by the cashier. Their chopsticks are not uniform. They couldn't get the right number of cups or spoons right and when we would ask it seemed like we were a huge nuisance. Their rice dish was mostly rice... The pork chop and egg was measly. The pho was also mostly soup. There are other places with better portions and tasting food. Also other places with better service.Delicious food. Always consistent 
Clean with beautiful ambiance 
I always stop by when I'm in this areaI'll call my review, "The Good, The Bad and the Had to Pull Over on the Boulevard".
Visiting Adams Ave after moving across town, I attempted to go to at least two Pho place.  The new being Pho Ha Saigon.  I was impressed by the exterior and interior.  Very classy and modern.  I think it used to be a crazy furniture store.  I really liked the size of the menu.  They had many more choices then the typical American-friendly Pho joint.  I am an adventurous eater, so I liked that they had oxtail, chicken and pigs feet.  I ordered what amounts to a deluxe Pho with tripe and a second beef rice noodle soup with ox tail and extra meat balls.  I got this crazy everything but the kitchen sink bahn mi. I got a green tea bubble tea.
The food came out quickly and a server brought me my drink while I waited.  I went to Pho 75 for 10 min to get Pho Ga, got on the Boulevard South and that is when my trouble started.  I drank my bubble tea and BLAH, it came back up.  Luckily, it stayed in.  Stupid me, I thought it was because it was rush hour and I hadn't eaten since the morning, so I drank some more.  Between G-town and Fox I had to pull over and puke.  It was either sour milk, bad tapioca balls or flavor powder.  Not only was I sick, but I was stuck in rush hour traffic.
Later, I did try the bahn mi.  I know I am glutton for punishment.  The roll was not sliced and all the ingredients were placed in a plastic clam shell.  I didn't know which order to put them in the roll and had to wing in.  Very, very messy. It had 2 over easy eggs, liver pate, 3 pork slice of some kind, 3 long pieces of jalepenos, omelet, somethings that looked like hollandaise sauce, some vegetable garnish (maybe some sort of parsley), jullienned pickled carrots and daikon. Yeah, I think that was it.  It was a freaking mess to eat, but it tasted awesome.  My dog got the pieces that fell off (not the jalepenos).  The soup was ok, but seemed overpowered by to many rice noodles.
If you go, please don't order Bubble Tea.We had shrimp pho. It was very delicious and wasn't too greasy. They serve clean water it didn't taste like tap water. Nice place for Pho.I was blown away by this place. It looks super clean and modern. I went with another person, and we shared spring rolls and the stuffed grape leaves as appetizers. Spring rolls aren't my thing, but the grape leaves were great, not salty and briny like a lot of places. We both had pho. I had the rare steak with tendon. The broth was great -- I didn't have to add any sauce to it. The rare steak had no gristle in it whatsoever, and the tendon was extremely tender. The staff was very friendly and attentive. I can't wait to come back!Some guy answered the phone for takeout and didn't even speak English nor understand what I was saying, even just the numbers off the menu. Please do not have someone who don't understand sh*t to answer the phone for takeouts. It's really frustrating.The food is great here. Wonderful place to have pho . The inside is very spacious and well decorated. Service is okay, not the best just OKAY. But once the food arrives, all is right in the world.quick take out banh mi and iced coffeeFast. Clean. Delicious. Went during the peak of the Lunch rush, was seated immediately. Bussers/waiters were busy cleaning, taking orders and running food out. I ordered incorrectly and they righted MY mistake and it was nothing to them. The broth savory and the meat was so tender. The Medium Pho bowl was more than enough and I have a HUGE appetite. Will return!I come here a few times a week their pho is the best I've ever had, there service is friendly and good the food I have tried has always been good and fresh.Went here with a group of co-workers for a casual send-off lunch for one of us who is moving on to another company. Food was fantastic! I had a medium 'bun pho' -- pork and shrimp in a chicken based broth with egg noodles. A plate of bean sprouts and basil were brought to the table before hand to add to your soup. What a fresh and flavorful bowl. My dining partner had a short rib dish with an egg quiche that he raved about. Drinks were also delicious. I had a coconut offering, fresh coconut juice over ice with chunks of coconut at the bottom. Another co-worker loved the mango smoothie and my boss had a creamy iced coffee drink. Prices are so CHEAP. $12 for a bowl of huge, fresh pho and a drink? Service was also quick, efficient and friendly. I read reviews about poor service, but we were treated well. No complaints. As this is close to my job I will be returning!!!Love this place.  Go here once a week when I'm living in Philly. I get the pork with broken rice and a spring roll. Delicious pho as well.Finally there is a CLEAN Pho restaurant. Love the decor, foods, and cleanliness of the bathroom. Great service with lot of selection.The service is so poor . I know it is busy.  But it's not a excuse to provide that kind of poor service. Since I came to restaurant and got a table sit . It took about 15 min -20 min to wait for a waiter to come to my sit to place order.  Then this waiter just put the water on my table like nobody sitting on the table.put the water on the table and eyes  watching another place. And kept walking by the table.It looks like professional and quickly.it made me feel they don't care about these customers. I don't know how they training their waiters . Noodle was tasty . But this is last time to come to this restaurant.I love this place.  I can't get enough.  My friends and I come here, at minimum, once a week.  The Pho is the best in the city, always, always done right.  The staff is friendly and helpful to those who are new to the restaurant and Vietnamese cuisine.  Perhaps it's because we go so often, but I don't think so.  The waiters are quick and always looking to make your experience the best.  It's hard to switch meals....I always go back to Pho, but the noodle dishes are great and the short ribs are so good, all I can say is you have to go here.I have been to this restaurant a few times. Yes, the food is decent, the restaurant is clean and nice. What it lacks its the hospitality and customer service. They failed at it on so many levels in our today's visit.
We came in on a busy Sunday. It did not take long for them to seat us. We ordered a noodle soup and a combination rice plate. We specifically asked for steamed bean sprout when we were ordering. Later, the server brought us fresh instead of steamed bean sprout. He told us that the kitchen was busy and if we could just shove it down the soup. We told him no. And it seemed like that it had pissed him off somehow. Just imagine if you having steak and asking for A1 sauce and he told you to use ketchup because he is too busy to care. After coming back with the steamed bean sprout, we never saw our food (literally, well, one of us did). After tables and so many togo orders been served, my noodle soup finally arrived. But there is no sign of the rice plate. We patiently waited. At this point, we have waited over 45 minutes and no one bother to tell us if the food was coming or they forgot. I had to went to the counter and ask the lady but she was busy so she did not do much. Then the rice plate came but it was not what we ordered. It only had the pork chop and missed all others (eggs, pork skin, etc.). At this point, we just walked out the store. 
Now if the other tables were all waiting like us, then we probably would consider wait a little longer. But they failed to show that they cared about their hungry customers waiting. I was never be so harsh on how dishes taste be cause every one have their own preferences. However, I would be very critical on customer service because this is where you gain new customers and retain your loyal customers. And this restaurant has failed me just that. Such a shame.Before I start off, I come here frequency. Great if you're craving for some Vietnamese food.
HOWEVER, taking off 2 stars for service. The waiters there are horrible. Even after some mad shit service, they'll try to flirt with me too... Like seriously? You can barely get the attention from the waiters when you need them. Ordered some summer rolls before, and he forgot the summer rolls. Thankfully I wasn't charged for it though. Only about 2 times out of the 10 (approx) that I have been there that they ever refilled my water, too. Never check in on their customers either.
Food, if I could give a rating for the food alone, definitely 5 stars. So good, it's honestly the only reason why I keep coming back. The drinks are good too, I love their avocado smoothies. Their selection is huge, and great, that's how usually Vietnamese restaurants are. Price is cheap, never spent more than $30 between two, and this includes me getting a drink, food for two, AND the summer rolls.I like the food
Went multiple times
Service was consistent and good
They are accommodating 
And it is reasonably pricedI cannot begin to express how excited I am that this restaurant has opened!
I have been watching the construction for nearly a year and for me,  there can never be too many Pho spots !
I had a bit of a different experience (in a good way) than the other reviewers:
-- I LOVED the broth!  Didn't find it too sweet at all.  It was incredibly flavorful and not greasy.    I got the Pho Tai Chin ... cuts of meat were perfect.  The noodle to meat ratio was spot-on.
-- YES,  I will agree that the coffee is over-priced,  AND,   I did not experience having too much ice and little coffee.   It was one of the best Cafe Su Da's I have had and I sipped on it over the course of my night (got it in a to-go cup) for nearly 2 hrs !
-- Service was prompt,  extremely gracious and warm. 
I will ABSOLUTELY be back here.  There are multitudes of good things on the menu,  from Pho to broken rice dishes to Bahn Mi ...   A Vietpalooza !After a long wait and asking several waiters where our food was the manager finally told us that they forgot to put in our order. The manager then proceeded to tell me that they forgot because I put in an appetizer order which we had eaten almost an hour prior. Tell me how that makes sense! So it's my fault that they forgot my order because I ordered an appetizer? I was so taken aback at her comment that I had no words. I should have walked out but my poor child was starving so I stayed. No apologies or discounts or anything at all. Also the waiters are extremely rude. I saw one cough right on the waters that he was taking to a table. Gross. The pho is not that great either. You can bounce the meatball like an actual rubber ball. That's weird, guys.Mediocre food.  Horrible service.  The servers really don't deserve any TIPS.  You're in the service industry at a position that heavily relies on TIPS for income, why do you act as if every customer is bothering you.  Many times I get the impression that they think they're too cool for anyone.  Notice when they take your order and don't even look at you.  With their heads up looking at the ceiling as if someone was about to fight them.  So cool guys.  Really, I'd rather take my money elsewhere with better food and service.  These are the folks that probably huddle up in the back and talk crap about how people don't TIP well.  You get what you deserve.Love Pho!! It's delicious..even the Vermicelli is great..try to go 2 days a week..totally worth it!!The appetizers and entrees here were really good but not good enough to outweigh how terrible the service was. A friend and I waited over thirty minutes to be waited on even though there seemed to be waiters walking around aimlessly everywhere and once we got our food the waiters weren't very personable. It was also really unclear about how to pay, since you pay up at the front even though it's a sit in restaurant. Don't wanna write this review to bash on this place but only in hopes that they see it and use this information to better their restaurant because the food was really good.Good days , bad days we all had our fair shares . But coming in for lunch today was just a disaster . I liked my food very much here so I'm a frequent diner . Whatever I ordered always come out good . The pho has it days . 
So yesterday I decided to try something different, I'd ordered the shakin' beef (Lok lak) with rice platter since it's been awhile since I've had some . Everybody else ordered their food already . We didn't have to wait long . Everybody's food came out except for mines so I'm just thinking it's coming out a little after . A few minutes passes by my food still hasn't come out . So I had asked one of the waiter where is my food he went back to check and told me they had forgot about my ordered. Just terrible service when none of the waiters came and asked if we needed anything . Instead they were just all standing in the back talking . Yes, I only understand the basic words in vietnamese language but they made it look so obvious that they were talking crap about us. What kind of person asked you "For what," when asked for a to go box ? They lucky we even left them tips . I almost grabbed the tip money back on our way out because they don't even deserved it. So I'm going to be the bigger and better person and be nice about the whole situation . 
Food is always good here but service was just terrible . They need to re-trained their waiters again or fired them and hire somebody else .I wouldn't give it not even 1 star. Great waiter but I ordered chow fun tasted horrible and uncook. Never coming back here again.Finally a Pho place that is clean and comfty. Foods are pretty decent. It has a small shop for hoagies and other snacks and dessert. Haven't try much of the food yet. But at least the vermicelli is pretty good.My favorite place for pho now. 
Since i recently moved to NE from chinatown. This place has been nothing but great to eat my pho lunch. So much meat, taste delicious, always fast to come out too.
Why 4 stars. 
I tried going there for dinner and order something different... well, it didn't work out so great. I won't even bother with  details, i guess i'll just keep going there for that delicious pho and be happy with that. 
Also the price is a a little higher then regular bowl of pho, but yet it's worth couple extra dollars.Very good bbq pork and rice platters. Good service , fast and very convenient if you're on the go for lunch.I am a self proclaimed lover of Pho. Pho Ha Saigon is a well needed, authentic, and refreshing breath of fresh air. Great value and quality pho. This is a close second to Nam Phung in Center City.Updating my review to add good things! Our table was filled with food and it came out to less than $15 per person after tip. The Vietnamese pancake was crispy and delicious. The Banh Mi is so cheap, $4-$6, and the bread is crispy on the outside and soft and fluffy on the inside. We got two large bowls of the #19 (still my favorite because I love the tripe and tendon) to share and the servers gave us extra bowls to divide it up. As I mentioned in my previous review, the large bowl is only $1 more and it is a HUGE portion, so it's definitely a good idea to get the large and share. Between four people, we shared the two large bowls of pho, two Banh Mi sandwiches, and a Vietnamese pancake and we were stuffed, for such a low cost per person.Excellent broth and very generous with the meat I got in a medium bowl. The inside of the restaurant looks very clean and the staff was very polite.Horrible service with above average food. I think all the waiters here have a bad attitude. When I asked for more lime the waiter gave me a dirty look and said $1. Lol literally. Never coming again.Great Vietnamese food. Decent price. You can tell by the number of Vietnamese who go there. I love their 'com ga Hai Nam' (Hai Nam rice and chicken)!Seafood Pho/Soup  love the broth is the best I've tried. Food comes super fast. Staff is caring. Thai bubble teaParty of 6. We all ordered. The teapots were overflowed, the hot water came out of the spout and burn the top of my hand when I went to move it. My dads bowl of beef pho didnt have pho noodles. The waiter thought he ordered just the soup with beef bones (it's a PHO Restaurant  isnt it a given that he'd want the noodles unless instructed otherwise?). Sent it back and it took them 15 mins just to add the noodles. We all get our food but my brother. After 20 mins, we're all half way done our food, still his order is no where. We stop the waiters all around us (about 4, none of them our waiter) none helped. Our waiter finally comes when we are done our food (50 mins after he took our order) we tell him about my brothers food and he brings us the receipt to show us that he put the order in, instead of rushing to the kitchen to have them make it. Since I shared my food with my brother, he decided he wanted to cancel his order (everyone was done eating) 10 mins after that his food finally comes out. They didnt offer to give it to us for free or discount our bill. On top of that no one came to check on us to ask if we needed anything. What I ordered requires hot water. After 20 mins the water was cold and I had to flag somone down to get me fresh hot water. All that said, we are never going back. Very poor customer serviceWe came here on the recommendation of my father, as he has come multiple times before and had received great service and food. 
 This review is not a reflection of the food but the server.  The food was great! However, the customer service set a poor pace for the rest of the meal. Our server Long L, arrived to our table to drop off some silverware, when we said we were ready to order he said he needed a minute. He came back when we were missing a party member and due to us being unsure of his order, Long muttered something along the lines of "next time you call me over to order don't take an hour long." We all stared at each other in disbelief that he would be so rude and blunt. He came back to let us know that the noodles may arrive first and then after we finished our meal. His snide remark just ruined our dinner. Don't work in customer service job if you can't provide decent customer service!The competition for Pho in the northeast is hotter than ever. Within a half a mile radius there are probably 5-6 restaurants that sell Pho, but who's cuisine reigns supreme? (Threw out a little Iron Chef for you) 
For Pho that will still be Pho 75 down the street IMHO. 
As previously mentioned the Pho broth is a bit sweet and price is a bit higher than the others and they only list one size where as Pho 75 you can get different sizes for different prices. You still get the classic MSG dry mouth afterwards so that's about the same.
However this place is obviously newer and better looking in design so If you want a dining experience with more bells and whistles, this would be the place you would take a date vs Pho 75 which is a barebones speedy service that lets its Pho do the talking. 
Haven't tried the sandwiches yet so cant compare but it's convenient one stop all in one with Pho, Cafe, and Banh Mi shop. Will be back to try sandwiches to see if it can take the crown from Cafe Saigon.I don't know why everytime I order for takeout they always forget and item or two from my order and I would have to drive back again to claim it. Sometimes I feel like they don't wanna believe you when you just saw me like 2 minutes ago...any who, this is the second time I order the special pho and in the soup container was about half an inch of fat just floating there. I really think they either changed chefs or changed ownerships. It does not taste like before. I really wish I would have returned those 4 bowls of pho back because I don't think anyone should have been served all that fat in their pho soup. Disgusting. This is the last time I will be ordering. No thank you!My favorite pho spot in the area. The prices are reasonable. Take out is quick and easyQuick service (I went after lunch). The construction on Adams Ave probably didn't help.  The decor is nice and airy
The pho was delicious
And the hoisin and rooster sauce was not watered down.
The banh cam I bought afterwards was very goodThe service was terrible. Table of 2, both ordered vermicelli dishes, one with pork, the other with tofu....and one spring roll appetizer. The  pork dish came out promptly, it was delicious, then the spring rolls arrived, but still had to wait a full 10 minutes after that for the tofu dish to arrive. Ridiculous! The waitress walked by and offered the excuse that there was only 1 stir fry guy. That was the last we saw of her. Finally, the tofu dish arrived. The presentation was fine and it was tasty. We finished our lunch and flagged down a waiter from another table and requested  tea that was never delivered in the first place and we were further disappointed that it NEVER arrived!  We asked to see a manager, but we were told he was busy. Good food, but the service left a bad taste. We won't be rushing back anytime soon. Very disorganized waitstaff!It's been a challenge for me to find good pho since I live in the suburbs but this place definitely hits the spot. It's a newer establishment which is why I'm impressed with how good the food was. Also, I like how they made the restaurant big and modern while still keeping the taste authentic. There is a bakery attached and they have great viet coffee to get you through the day.The Pho is fresh and delicious. Great service and quick.
I recommend this place highly. Great to call ahead and pick up. Maybe I'll try a dine in on my next visit.Fast service. However, the pho was very salty and the noodles were over cooked. The smaller size was the perfect portion, but I wouldn't come back here again. There's other places in the area that taste better.I have been coming here for ages but today they really disappointed me with the drinks that I ordered. So I said no ice on my drinks and they literally filled the cup half way through. I pay almost 4-5 bucks for each drinks and your saying that means the other half I'm paying for is the ice ? The only reason I'm giving it a two star is because the bahn mi is good.I wish here is a 0 star rate option. 4 of us went on a Saturday for dinner, the service called no service or rude as hell. The waiter that originally sever us just never showed up after we ordered, and no straws for the drinks. Another waiter who is the one I was complaining with, he came after we ordered and very loud and rude said YOU READY? He scared my 4 years old boy... then I called him for napkins later he was like WAIT A SECOND then never come back. Third time I called him again he said: I AM NOT WAITER. WHAT DA HELL wrong is this place? Should the restaurant train their employee at least know how to behave? Should the restaurant train their employee before they get on the job? Should the restaurant fire that kind of employee before they don't have any customers? The wait I was talking is a 30+or- mid-long hair not tall not skinny guy, disgusting place! WILL NEVER VISIT AGAIN FOR SURE!My favorite pho restaurant. Hands down. And I've tried a lot of places. I always come back to this one. The broth is so complex and delicious. I am always seated quickly and the food comes out fast. I wish I could give it more than 5 stars.Restaurant was nice, the look is very modern and the large area can accommodate big parties easily. Bathrooms were decent for a Pho restaurant. 
Pho soup was incredibly bland.  It lacked the depth and flavor that good pho soup has.  I got the ribeye steak meat with beef balls. The steak was tender, but the beef balls were strangely spongey and tough at the same time... And the $2.25 add on was only for 2 beef balls cut in half.
To deal with the bland soup I put a decent amount of hoisin and fish sauce in before I realized there was a fly in the fish sauce. So check things out before you pour!Attracted by the decor and gave a try. Looks like a new restaurant so the staffs are a bit chaotic. Appetizer came after we finish our pho. Made known of lack of salad at the end of the meal. The pho is pretty good, good soup base but the meats are too chewy. Portion is a bit small for the price compared to the numerous pho restaurants nearby. Overall five star for decor and environment, but need more time with the operation and the food.Every time I dine here, the server forgets at least one order for our table. This place is my go-to for pho, but if you can, try Pho 75 in the area nearby too. The service is usually mediocre, they'll take your order and then you won't see them ever again. The only thing that keeps me coming back is the food and the ambience and decor. For pho, I usually stick to 20 or 21. I'm usually a fan of Cha Gio (fried spring rolls), but I'd recommend skipping them. They usually don't taste very fresh and are not worth the price.This is one of my favorite Vietnamese restaurants. I have been there numerous and I recommend this restaurant to anyone that is craving for Vietnamese food. Their food is always cooked especially their noodle soups. I'll always come here anytime when I'm craving for it.So, I only order their Thai tea here but let me tell you it's the best Thai tea ever. The problem is THEY ARE SO CHEAP! You would think for a drink that costs $5 that they would fill the cup to the top but they don't! And I don't think they really care because I would order on grubhub if I don't call in and they never fill it up even when I ask. So yeah that's my only problem. This place is great they just need to stop being so cheap in product for such an expensive price.Unbelievable.. I try this place a few times.. Nothing but the best!!! Best! Best! Best in phillyThis restaurant was one of my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in the northeast. The servers and hostess are great. And I understand this was not their fault.
So here is what happened: My younger brother and I both ordered chicken pho. The broth and noodle were great as usual. But the main part of the dish, the chicken was very chewy and hard. I asked my brother to describe it and he said, "The chicken is very tough and when you bite into it, it would stick on  your teeth and it kind of hurts." So we asked if we can order something else. The server came back and said we still have to pay for the previous chicken pho. So I asked: so we have to pay for a total of four bowls? And he said yes. I understand if we both ate the majority of the bowl but the bowls look like it was still untouched. So we asked if we can get the chicken pho to go and we were going to eat just the noodle and broth at home. But the server said it was thrown out. We asked for the check and left with an empty stomach. My mom was furious but she still left a tip.  I think this is a ridiculous policy. We were shocked and disappointed by this treatment. 
I have always look forward to coming to one of the nicest establishment in the northeast and I came here very often with my friends and family. I came when I'm feeling sick or when I'm in a need for a homely comfort food. And I've always left feeling satisfied and happy. 
I am not angry but very disappointed and heartbroken. This will be my last visit.I love food and the atmosphere here but the services is so so bad, one of the servers tried to clean under my table while I'm still working on the food and when i asked for more dipping sauce, she looked at me like why you need this and asked "what?". Avoid asking for any services from the old lady. Boo!!Excellent pho and vermicelli. Wait can be a little long and I can see how other people have had negative experiences. Modern and clean inside.Worst pho restaurant, I ever been too. There was an obvious spider in my pho noodle soup. Called on the waiter about it, which he simply just said "ok" and attended other customers. Asked to speak the manager about the spider in the pho. He told me "there's nothing we could've done, the spider might have gotten in the soup cause of the vegetable". Are you serious, so you can't wash your  veggies correctly? This restaurant is complete bs,horrible customer service and to go along with a unprofessional manager. Avoid at all cost.I went this place today. There weren't many people. However, it took me 10 minutes to see a waiter. I ordered my food and waited another 15min, still had no food on me. My order was a regular pho and it supposes not take more than 10min to cook it. I went to the counter, and told them about my situation, there was no apologies. 5 more munites, I decided to leave because I don't deserve this shitty service. I know this place's pho is good, but the service just spoils the food. I eat this place once a week, but it is enough to see their horrible service. I will not come here anymore. If the master of the restaurant sees this, i would like to send a message, "you really need to educate your employees because he was talking to his friend instead of focusing on me. I wasted 30 minutes there and no apologies from any of you!" There are many good pho places with wonderful service, and this is not a place to enjoy the both.Pho Ha Saigon, what can I particularly say about this establishment except. PhOnemonal! . We ordered the spring rolls which were exactly that, springtime in a roll!
The Pho beef and brisket soups were BOMB. Food good, staff chill. Come cure your hangover.This review is only for the Banh Mi Cafe section of the restaurant. 
This restaurant just opened up near my work so I decided to stop in and try one of their Vietnamese Hoagies aka Banh Mi and also an avocado shake. The restaurant looks really nice outside and inside--super contemporary and zen. I didn't have time to sit down and eat so I decided to just go to their take-out section to the far right of the restaurant. It's all in the same space inside but there's a separate entrance and designated counter for the cafe takeouts which is nice.  
I ordered the traditional cold cut Banh Mi which is called Banh Mi Thit Dac Biet on their menu. They actually have 7 varieties of Banh Mi listed which I thought was pretty cool since normally there's only 2 varieties (cold cut or grilled meat). You will see the menu list 8 items in the Banh Mi section but Banh Mi Bo Kho (beef stew served with bread) is not really a sandwich like we expect a Banh Mi to be...so I'm just saying there's really only 7. 
Anyway, back to the sandwich. It was OK. Not the greatest but not horrible. I think the bread could have been fresher, the cucumber cut smaller (the big wedge was hard to eat in the sandwich) and the pickled carrots and daikon a little less sweet. Since they are newly opened, I'll give them a little while to get adjusted. The avocado smoothie was ok too. Nothing spectacular.  I spent $9 for the sandwhich and drink which I thought was a little high, but prices seem to be going up everywhere so that just may be the case. 
 I would definitely like to go back and try their pho and rice dishes. Hopefully I can update my review with another star next time.Worst ever experience. We got a fly in the beef Pho, it was so nasty. Instead of taking care of the customers, restaurant folks were just giving reasons and they said we can get a 10% off. That sucks, they should not have charged us at all for unhygienic food. Advise to all...don't go to this place...we will never visit again. Wish I could give a negative star, wish we had that option on yelp.The pho here is actually quite good - one of the better places here in Philly. The broth tastes clean, the meats and garnishes are fresh, and the portions are decent. 
Keep in mind, this place is way more upscale than your average pho joint. Brand new dark wooden tables, hardwood floors.. very modern decor.  And it's an open floor plan, so very spacious.  But this clean, modern environment has a cost, and that cost is passed to the consumer.
Food isn't terribly overpriced, but it's definitely higher than average.  My large bowl was $9, and I paid $2.25 to add meatballs into it.  Yes, that's 11.25 for a bowl of pho.
We also started off with NeM Nuong Cuon, but it did not look like the salty red meat that I know. It was also brought out with fish sauce, but I sent that back and requested the peanut sauce.
Service could use some improvement. In the middle of taking our order, our server did tell us to hold on..... so he can answer his cell phone.  Not a big deal, we get it - but we thought it was funny it even occurred. He was pretty attentive for the rest of the meal though.
I would return here since its close, clean and tastes good. Just know that if you want top quality, you're gonna have to pay for it. And this place is no exception to that.Have eaten in and gotten a grub hub order from here.
The dine in experience was fine. Slow service even though the restaurant was mostly empty but the rice and meat (Com Tam Suon Nong) I ordered was good. My two friends got pho bowls but to my surprise, were unable to finish them. 
Today, I got a grub hub order of Pho Tai Nam Sach and found out why.
The noodles were basically inedible - hard and undercooked. The order included the bare minimum of hoisin sauce and no chili sauce whatsoever. The bowl was filled to the brim with the undercooked noodles to the point that it was hard to add any meat/soup/beansprouts in. I ended up throwing away most of the food and just drinking the soup for lunch.
The only upside to this experience is that with the abundance of Vietnamese restaurants in the area, I need never order from this one again.This place is such a gem. This was my first time having Pho. I am not a soup guy it was delicious! The atmosphere is extremely family oriented and the staff is sharp, quick, kind, and professional. You don't get a check by a waiter/waitress but pay up front after your meal. It is pretty loud and busy but far from chaotic, the staff is on point and keeps everything in a decent flow. You can visit this place with a large family or with one of your friends and can still feel welcomed and enjoy great food!This is the best pho in the city of Philadelphia low costs.and great service . Food is awesomeLove this place so friendly . Perfect for a cold winter day or hot lol. Excellent pho.Since my last review, I've been back a couple of times--once for one their rice dishes and another for their Pho.  I think I would probably give them a solid 3.5 stars. The food is decent and the place is really clean and contemporary. My only gripe is that their prices are a tad high. I guess I'm paying for the ambiance. Given its so close to my work, I'm most likely to continue to come here.My friends and I came on a weekday for dinner and had no problem getting a seat since this place is pretty big. This would be a good place for a bigger party. The ambiance of this place is clean, modern, and pretty nice. Their menu looked pretty extensive and have a wide variety of Vietnamese foods - from the Banh Mi (sandwiches), to a few types of noodle soups, dry noodles, and rice dishes. However, my biggest gripe with this place is that the attitude of the waiters was kind of rude and that they had absolutely ZERO vegetarian options when I asked; they couldn't even accommodate me or be flexible and offer something like "We can do xyz instead". I asked two separate waiters if they had vegetarian dishes, and they simply said, "No, not tonight." And that's it. 
That aside, my friends loved their food - the pho and the shrimp dry noodle (bun). I had their chicken pho with vegetables, which tasted great but felt a bit oily. 
Plenty of parking here.The interior is clean, but the food is quite bad. I've tried pho many times at many different places, and this is the worst one yet. I asked for extra cilantro, only to find that it was already wilting. 
The waiter was also rude when we made a small change to our order as we were taking it.. We only asked to upgrade the size of our meal from a M to a L. 
The portions are big, but the food is not the best. I ordered the shrimp and pork summer roll as an appetizer and it was thickly packed with rice noodles. They did not give much of anything else. 
The soup of the pho is not flavorful, but quite bland. It does not taste homemade as a pho broth should. It actually almost tastes as if it was made as fast as possible or even with powder, not with care.
I would look somewhere else for a pho place. I am really disappointed.Huge space, lots of parking, good summer rolls and pho (not the best I've had, but I've lived in LA).  There are a few pho spots nearby, but this one is the most modern.  
BYOB
You do have to spice up your pho here.  Basil fresh.  One different thing I saw here was red peppers of some sort along with the jalapeños (all on a plate on the side, as per usual).  
See Yelp pics of menu for menu since they don't seem to have it on their website.I've heard Philly has a lot of great Viet food spots. I was very excited to try this place. My friends and I went on a random weekday afternoon. It wasn't too crowded, maybe due to the large space. I ordered the very basic beef noodle soup. Perfect choice! I'm a big pho girl and it didn't disappoint. The soup tasted perfect and the noodles weren't too soggy. It took awhile for the food to come, not sure why, since the place was so empty. The servers are scattered everywhere, but doesn't do much unless you specifically ask. I would return if I ever go back to Philly.Hum... really? Faked price and never say sorry.
Charged for extra things and gave a bill without details.  
They didn't gave us hot oil it is because of SUNDAY!!?? (Cant understand the reasoning behind it)
all staffs were unkind and rude. 
Highly recommend NOT to visit this place ever.Pretty modern take on the usual pho restaurants. Quick service and the shrimp pho is my favorite. I usually get the mango smoothie to go! Suitable for a quick bite or a night out with friends/family. My only gribe is that they bring forks out with your meal, I can use chopsticks but it seems that only people of color are given utensils instead of the option of both.The service was horrible. We asked for an extra box to put our left over but he rudely pointed and told us to just put it in the plastic bag... I normally come here before but this will be my last visit to this place. I would give it one star but their foods are decent.The interior of this place is gorgeous and extremely spacious. I'm not sure if it's because this place is so big that the service is all over the place. I order an appetizer that didn't come until we we're almost done the meal that I questioned myself if I really ordered it. I think one of the servers heard me and immediately went to go get it. So it seems that they forgot. 
This entire meal made us feel like we were completely forgotten. No one came to refilled our water. We wanted to flag down our server but I honesty don't know who it was because one took our order, another served us and another one gave us the check. This place is rather big so it was so hard flagging down a server. Or even have eye contact with them. I noticed another party didn't get served for a while to despite trying to catch their attention. The place wasn't even half filled. The server are quite nice but not attentive. Our supposed server didn't ask us about our meal until the very end. 
I would also like to mention the restroom because despite being such a spacious restaurant, the bathroom stalls are incredibly small! It's so ridiculous. I'm your average size person. I'm average height and average weight for that height and I could barely get inside the stall. The door swung so close to the toilet that there is barely room for you to be in there and close the door. The bathroom itself is big so I don't understand why the stalls are so ridiculously small. At least there is a handicap stall that is big. But it would suck if there is a lot a people who are in line for the restroom. And I almost panicked when I thought there were no toilet paper but it was actually place on the back wall of the stall. Why would someone put it all the way back there??? 
tldr; The food is good when they remember it but not good enough to redeem the service. The restroom are cramp and poorly designed.Ordered delivery. Pho didn't come with basil. Broth was under whelming. Reheated broth in the stove but still but great.  Meat didn't taste great either
Egg rolls were okay though.The food is so-so but the service of the staff is so terrible it's ridiculous. I understand it's nice and new and modern looking and who doesn't want to eat in a nice dining area but it's terrible how much the waiters hate their job. I am an Vietnamese American and I feel more comfortable speaking and is more fluent in English. As I asked for some ice water, he abruptly told in Vietnamese "if you order, order in Vietnamese". I was so stunned about how he demanded me to speak in Vietnamese. There are so many Americans that come into this restaurant and I doubt that they were asked to speak in Vietnamese. I know that they understand English but they refuse to acknowledge and reprimanded me for speaking English. I will never come back to this establishment. I was so upset I lost my appetite and couldn't even finish my mediocre bowl of pho.Pho Ha Saigon is my go to for pho, pork chops and ribs. Their broth is so ridiculously good, even before all the fixings. Everything is always so fresh and served so quickly. The decor is so beautiful but the service can be better. You are never asked if you want more water and most of the wait staff is pretty militant. It can be overlooked though for the price of food and how delicious it is. The coconut water is really fresh with chunks of coconut in it. The only thing I really haven't had here has been the bahn mi.Took my family here on a Saturday for lunch.  The restaurant is very spacious and modern appearing.  There was no wait.  Servers spoke and understood English well which is not that common at a lot of other PHo restaurants.
Food wise I recommend the pho.  I ordered the steak flank and it was very good.  Even the Small was quite large.  Broth was good but could be a bit deeper.  They provided plenty of side bean sprouts, lemon and garnishing.
I also like their banh mi here.  These are Vietnamese hoagies.  I get the special Dac Biet.  It has full mix of deli meats, pate and all the pickled toppings.  The bread is huge and meat portion is generous.  The cost was $4.50 which is more than most other places but worth in IMHO.  My sister said it was best she's had.
If you like strong coffees get the iced coffee here.  It's sweet because they use condensed milk but boy does it have a kick.
Overall we had a great and would be back!Great atmosphere! Nice people! Delicious food! Generous portions! My boyfriend and I love it there. We had broken rice with charbroiled pork with a sunny side up and he wouldn't stop talking about how good it was.It was $3.95 for 2 springs rolls. Don't even bother. The menu said it was pork and shrimp but it tasted like neither and smelled weird. Giving this 2 stars because I tried other food here from my co-workers that was good like the summer roll.I don't know why everytime I order for takeout they always forget and item or two from my order and I would have to drive back again to claim it. Sometimes I feel like they don't wanna believe you when you just saw me like 2 minutes ago...anywho, this is the second time I order the special pho and in the soup container was about half an inch of fat just floating there. I really think they either changed chefs or changed ownerships. It does not taste like before. I really wish I would have returned those 4 bowls of pho back because I don't think anyone should have been served all that fat in there pho soup. Disgusting. This is the last time I will be ordering. 
So recently I ordered some banh mi, pho and their pork chop rice platters and oh my! I can't tell you how much I loved it all! Everything was so delicious! My sister asked me to pick up some dinner from here and I know I had bad experiences before but these couple of times we ordered were on point! Keep up the good work!!!! Best place to get your authentic Vietnamese cravings!!So, I wasn't intending to come here. I was looking for another Pho spot on the same block. But it wasn't open. This place is in a new building and is very noticeable driving down Adams Avenue. The service was quick even during the lunch rush. The 3 of us enjoyed the Pho including my aunt who has never had Pho before. 
The Pho comes in both small and large sizes. The large is LARGE. Be prepared to take some home if you don't have a grand appetite. They had adequate take home containers.
I did try a Thai milk tea with boba and it was NOT good. The boba was grainy in the middle and the tea itself was not recognizable in flavor.Me and my wife go here all the time. The soups are to die for and the broken rice with pork chops is amazing and my favorite.  The staff is always helpful and very friendly.Heard great things about this place so I came by to at least try some pho and their summer rolls. I ordered the large steak and tripe pho and it looked generally amazing with the large quantities of tripe and noodles. The broth tasted watered down and had little to no taste. It was almost as disappointing as the summer rolls. They were slim and missing the fresh and crisp vegetables that were replaced with iceberg lettuce. The waiter was also seen to be slouching around on the wall on his phone as I waited to get his attention for some water and 10 minutes later, he walked to go "clean" a table and continued to go on his phone. 
TLDR; Good amount of food, but mediocre taste and service.