Probably the best pho in Philly....  Actually some of the best Pho I've ever had.
couple of downsides... #1) pho is the only thing they serve, you can't even get a spring roll here...  #2) service is total crap...  #3) they only take cash...  But really, if we're talking the best pho in the city do you really care about these 3 minor issues?  I know I sure don't.This is my favorite pho spot in Philly! 
This place is simple, quick and delicious. I usually get a bowl of pho and an iced coffee with condensed milk. 
The pho comes out SO fast. I'm talking about 5 minutes after you order. Amazing.
The pho broth is very flavorful yet not overly salty, the veggies are fresh, they give a lot of basil for you to add, and they load up your bowl of pho with a lot of meat. 
When you're done, you can just go up front to pay. Cash only.This is by far my favorite spot for Phò!!! It is perfect every time! It's the kind of soup that heals the soul.
I always enjoy the eye round, well done brisket and skirt steak Phò.
This restaurant is strictly for Phò only!! 
Cash only!This is the best pho I've ever had. I've lived in Philadelphia and California so that says a lot. We've been coming here for a decade and now we bring our little ones and they have mastered the art of pho. The employees here do a phenomenal job with the service and cleanliness. Thank you pho 75!!The broth was what carried the whole place. The soup was the perfect thing on a cold, rainy day. Highly recommended! The beef soup is where I went and where I go. It's so simple, but the broth is just hard to make at home. I'll be back.Clean, clean, clean! Pho is very good, iced coffee dreamy. Unlike other pho joints everything is clean, no greasy tea pots or grimy condiment containers. And they are very glad to see you!Great Pho! 
Great value!
Awesome broth! 
Quick service! 
Only downside is that it is cash only so bring cash!
Oh and NO PARKING! 
But service it's GREAT and very very QUICK so if you are in a rush and don't have much time this is a great place to stop by for a quick munch!The staff knew my father in Vietnam and saw me in diapers and before I can even talk, so to come into Pho 75 and be patted on the head and given candy makes me hope that this small yet incredible restaurant will be around for when I have children of my own.
I refuse to go anywhere else to eat ph, it's not the same. It's like cheating on a partner, really. The broth is heavily and comes quickly, never making you wait for more than twenty minutes. I remember this restaurant being crazy, having a long wait and now, it's a hit or miss which is fine by me, I'd happily wait for hours if it means only eating there.
I always get the special or the vegetarian bowl which is massive and hearty, nothing beats inhaling a bowl on a cold day!
It's been in the neighborhood since 1990 and hopefully will be there to stay.Best pho place in Philly! Tip: always put extra sriracha in the broth. It just makes the whole experience better !From reading up, I know pho is supposed to contain hints of many spices.  Pho 75's broth was the first in which I could actually detect many of them.  It was a pleasant surprise to taste that complexity rather than salt, beef, and salt!  
The meat is fresh and both meat and noodles are plentiful.  The small bowl here is the closest I've ever come to finishing an entire order of pho, so it's probably the most realistic size for those wishing to avoid food babyism.  
The parking lot is atrocious (narrow and full of craters) and the ambience of the restaurant leaves a lot to be desired.  I don't know what new age synthesizer music from 1986 they were playing, but I don't want to hear it ever again.  Fortunately for Pho 75, the pho is worth it.This place is the best around. Not fancy inside but the Pho is amazing. Better than any other place I've tried. Prices are great and service is friendly. I couldnt even find this good Pho in San FranciscoLucky me, I live a stone's throw away from Philly's Vietnamese shopping/eating mecca, and the closest pho place is probably Pho 75 (tied with Nam Phuong, Viet Huong, and Pho Hoa).  Of these, Pho 75 is my least favorite... I can't put my finger on why, but I think the broth is TOO salty and not cooked long enough - ie: no depth.  Eat my mom's pho and you'll understand!  Or check out any of the other aforementioned places for good pho!Great Pho and inexpensive. Was really happy we made the trek here. Wish I could go back! The fatty brisket was especially tastyDo you ever find yourself thinking, "what is all the fuss about this pho stuff??".  I did.  For years.  Despite the fact that I live within a 15 minute walk of at least a dozen Vietnamese restaurants.
Visited Pho 75 for my inaugrual pho experience.  Overall I thought it was a good experience- the pho was good (I got meatballs, which I didn't care for, but I loved my husband's chicken), toppings were great (I loaded mine up with jalapenos... whoa buddy, spicyness), serving sizes were large, price was super cheap, and service was fast.  
I think for my next pho experience, I would order carryout.  Why?  A few reasons- my living room has much more ambiance than the cafeteria style atmosphere at Pho 75 and I looked like a damn fool trying to eat these noodles- I'd rather do it next time in the privacy of my own home!  Plus, the regular sized was too large for me to eat, so I'm going to get a large chicken pho and share it with the hubs.
Not sure how this place stacks up to its competitors, but if you are a pho noob like me, I'd suggest trying this palce out!Best pho in the city. Everything they make is fresh and I like that their meat options are always thinly sliced - thicker cuts are chewy and make you uncomfortably full fast. Service is pleasant and prompt. It's an authentic Vietnamese restaurant so just don't except the service and decor of a Buddhakhan. Super affordable- large bowl starts at $7.50 - possibly cheapest in the city, can't beat that.What can I say....I am a total sucker for a good bowl of Pho.
I've been meaning to come to Pho 75 for such a long time and finally have accomplished that goal! Extra inspiration was given to me to venture from my usual stomping spots when Anthony Bourdain (#lovehim #friendcrush #hangoutwithme) visited here on his most recent trip to Philly.
The broth here is amazing. I'm not sure if it on the same playing field as the broth from Pho Ha....but I will keep you all posted as I continue to figure it out.
The service here was awesome. We walked in, sat down, placed our order and within 5 minutes all of us had our food and drinks. 
It was so good that we got one to go.This was my first experience with Pho and this was a good place to start.  You could tell this was a place the locals went to.  I detected no mice or signs of unleanliness.  I got the Pho with all sorts of stuff in it.  It was tasty & filling and I had the whole bowl.  There was no problem parking & it is near a Vietnamese market with all sorts of wonderful odd dishes & products I have never seen before.  Back to the restaurant, I also had the coffee with gelatinous milk/sugar.  It was full of caffeine & I was wired the entire evening.  If I was in the area I would probably go again.The pho was filling and amazing, especially for such a low price, and the service was good and quick. The Che Ba Mau wasn't very good, though, so I wouldn't recommend getting it.If you want Pho in philly this is the spot, BYOB and quick as shit, do not go here for atmosphere go here for good PHOPhilly is well known for Cream Cheese, TastyKake, Rocky, the Eagles, Phillies; and the king of cheesesteaks!  An underrated culinary of Philly is Pho and Vietnamese Ice Coffee.  Pho 75 is an awesome place to try and enjoy Pho and Ice Coffee, and you do not even need to have Anthony Bourdain validate it!Tried this place because of a review in Philadelphia Magazine.  I order #12 every time.  This place is barebones but I love it.  Cheap good eats.  Something I actually crave from time to timeOk, I've been here twice, the first time was fine, the second time the pho broth was murky and the noodles overcooked. Pho should be consistently good, since most pho places only do pho, if you can't get it right all the time, you shouldn't specialize in it.The food is to die phó! Delicious phó and definitely recommended! I got the #11 and was very happy with my meal. I also got the Vietnamese coffee that was my first time trying for dessert. It was very delicious as well! 
The feel of the restaurant is like a lunchroom cafeteria. This isn't meant for a long sit down. It is more of a quick eats kind of place. 
Food is really delicious!Ordered #12 regular with rare eye round and well-done beef brisket. Sadly the pho arrived warm. Great thing is the generous amount of meat, particularly the brisket. Beef is more sunstantial here than central Jersey. Broth is really nice. Flavorful, slightly sweet with a light hint of citrus herb, and it goes down real smooth and clean. Not oily in a rich way or heavy at all. Noodles are also different. A lil translucent, less like white rice noodles (tends to absorb the soup and disintegrate mushily over time) and more like spring roll rice wrappers in noodle form. A nice chewy, firm density. I liked it! Their bean sprouts even taste sweeter than in central Jersey and they give a lot of basil. One piece of advice: order the larger size. Regular just doesn't fill ya up! 
What I like to do when I eat pho is take a piece of basil, lay it on my spoon, place a piece of meat on top, maybe some bean sprout if I want some crunch and squirt a little hoisin and sriracha sauce on top. Experiment with lime. Tastes great, fresh, and layered in flavor along with textural elements. I personally enjoy doing this cause I tend to like my broth simple, pure and untainted. 
Arrived at 11:30 am on a Sunday and surprised it wasn't too busy considering the difficulty of finding parking. Workers are aplenty and nice. Still not used to having to walk over to the cash register to pay instead of receiving or asking for the check, but it's a nice change of pace compared to northern Jersey and NYC. Should be noted the restrooms don't have toilet paper and they only accept cash. There is an ATM inside though.  
Southern Jersey and Philly pho is definitely better than in northern Jersey and NYC. 3.75 stars rounded up to a 4!Amazing Pho!!! The service is fast and the Pho is phenomenal. Reasonably priced and packed with flavor. Get the number 12, you won't be disappointed!This place is amazing. My girlfriend and I have tried many pho places up and down the east coast and this place is by far the best. If you are looking for fancy dining or an extensive menu than this place is not for you; however, it is authentic, yummy, cheap, and filling. I owe it all to Anthony Bourdain for my discovering of this hole-in-the-wall spot. The only negatives to this place are 1) parking is a pain, especially on the weekends and 2) it is cash only. These are small sacrifices though for what is sure to be the best pho of your life.Best pho in Philly. I eat it at least once a week. Quickest service. The bowl comes out within a few minutes of you ordering it and it's piping hot. BYOB as well. They don't really have appetizers, but the pho selection is great and great tasting.Overrated.   Tea lukewarm and broth just okay- not as flavorful as I have had in the past from other pho places.   A decent amount of meat but the noodles were kind of clumped together.  The crowd was mostly young but sadly no local Vietnamese. Meh.Read from fellow Yelpers that this place was very good and boy were they right!  Place is pretty packed but the line goes pretty fast as the place is quite large.  The menu was just Pho so don't expect any rolls, buns, or rice dishes just Pho.  They also got the famous viet coffee.  I got the #1 Pho which seems to be the combo of everything.  2 sizes (regular and large).  Price was like $6.75 and $7.35 respectively.  One of the best pho I have.  The rice noodles were al dente, meat was full and the soup was very rich and not overly salty.   I think they use real bone stock and not msg as I didn't get any msg poisoning (normally it starts from my lower back and goes up to my head) nor was I thirsty afterwards.  Only docked one star because I really wish they had some rolls (will have to try Viet Cafe right across).  This place is located in a small plaza , you'll be lucky if you can find parking there, better to park on the side streets.  Will def go back.  Oh yea one more thing CASH only.Breakfast lunch or dinner.  Honestly I would never complain about going here.  Glad I have a girlfriend who loves this place just as much as I do! Also I would love to know where they get their music from!One of the best pho in Philly. They only do pho but they do it very well. They serve the best Vietnamese iced coffee/just the best coffee in general that I've ever had.Good pho. Same quality and taste as their other store in Virginia.For vegetarians, get the plain noodle with a side of marinated onions. Toss in all the side greens, and you have a pretty flavorful, filling meal.Extremely large portions and quick service.  Lots of room for groups and tea and water come complimentary with your pho. My meat had a little more fat than I prefer but very delicious.  It's worth noting they are cash only but have an atm on site.Traditional pho restaurant in every aspect.  They only serve PHO!  No vermicelli, rice, etc.  Large room, plain décor, efficient service.  The broth is excellent with perfect noodles and generous toppings.  Every item on the menu is less than $10 - tough place to beat!  Cash only and they have an on-site ATM.Very decent.  I went here based on all the reviews on Yelp but did not think the Pho soup was anything special or above and beyond.  Tasty, ample, well priced but did think it odd that's all the place has as in that's all the place has.A legit Pho place in Philly?? What what?!? The broth was hot and flavorful, the chicken was juicy. It was sooo worth walking the 14blocks. I got the small and it was really filling but I wanted more!!!!! Wish they had egg rolls though =p then it'll be perfecttttt.It is edible here but kind of bland soup base compared to the pho  I've eaten. The whole morning Im there everyone is quiet. When I get up to pay the waiters start talking so much. Now I know how it feels when other ethncities complain about being in a nail salon and the workers keep talking and laughing in their language. Was exploring new places today and I wanted to try La Viet but they weren't open yet. So far Pho Ha is my local place in comparison and I only go pho-ing when the weather changes and I feel like Im getting a cold. Call pho my preventive medicine for head colds. I added a salty pickled lemonade to prevent chest cold as well.Nothin but Pho, and awesome Pho at that.  No frills, and inexpensive. Owner was very nice to let us in even though we came as they were closing.  Hit the Asian supermarket next door!  PS-parking was ample.Best pho I've had in Philly hands down! Very friendly staff, relaxed atmosphere, delicious broth, generous portions... perfect. I've been coming here for years, and will be for many more.Hungover? Not feeling well? Just getting over the flu? Curious to try Vietnamese food in general? Low on cash but tired of nasty, unhealthy food? Just in the mood for a great meal at a VERY reasonable price? 
If you answered yes to any of these questions, check out Pho 75. I've tried my fair share of Pho places on Washington Ave and elsewhere, and this spot is one of if not my favorite. The prices are ridiculous and they are the epitome of consistency. I've never had a sub-par meal, nor have I ever waited more than 5-7 minutes for my food. 
I'd go ahead and individually review each dish (or bowl, as it were) but it'd be easier to say this- I've tried literally all but one or two varieties and you CANNOT go wrong. I highly recommend this place, and based on feedback from first and second generation Vietnamese folks I've had the pleasure of chatting with, they do as well!The greatest pho? Pho75 gives large portions of meat,  but the broth is far from developed. This is my first pho experience in Philly because all the reviews pointed to it, but I am greatly disappointed. I am used to Tank and Cafe Huang in Chicago as well as the best pho of Boston,Pho Le and this restaurant doesn't even come close. Service was expected to be mediocre since most Asian restaurants don't boast of great service or ambiance. Was this an off day? 
The bean sprouts were far from fresh where the white parts of the sprouts were one shade lighter than the yellow part.  If this is what good Pho is in Philly, then I'm in trouble since Pho is my top 3 go tos. Next stop Pho Ha.I have been coming to Pho 75 since I was a kid, and everything has remained the same.  The menu is very basic, as they serve only Pho, but it is done correctly and always pleases.  Other restaurants serve dishes along with Pho, but it is often not served properly and is a greasy mess.
Pho 75 is as basic as it gets.  Do not let the décor fool you, the food is what you really came for.  I usually order the #12 bowl (beef brisket), but have also had the #2 (beef w/ tripe) and Chicken Pho.  All are very delicious and are served with limes, basil, bean sprouts, and hot peppers on the side.  I usually also order the condensed milk coffee, which is great when I need a shot of caffeine to keep me going. 
 I highly recommend Pho 75 to my family and friends.  Try it out, you won't be disappointed!Had the steak pho and the food was delicious and service was quick! I'm from California and this pho shop is up to par to so cal. I prefer here to Pho Xe. Their iced coffee with condensed milk is also good. Only downfall is that they don't have spring rolls!Hot fresh flavorful broth.  This is definitely the place to go if your looking for authentic Pho in Philadelphia.  I wish they had a few more menu items and took advantage of the Vietnamese market they is located next to them.  However for only really having 15 menu items 10 of them bien Pho soup they are excellent.  Not what i expected when i first when here.  After sitting down and indulging in the soup, I am not fully recommending this place for anyone look for hot fresh fragrant, flavorful soup.  They are also inexpensive was another upside when, under $15 for two people.The phó was okay. Hard to find parking in the plaza. The service wasn't shabby, either. I definitely had better phó, back home in Massachusetts.4.5 stars. 
As someone who grew up in Vietnamese community in Little Saigon, California, I've rarely found pho that matched the caliber of the restaurants of those in CA. However this place was surprisingly authentic. Really delicious noodles, and fresh meat.
The broth was a tiny bit bland, but not a lot, and there definitely could've been more herbs served to mix in which often makes the dish. 
Also a great place to get fresh ca phe sua da (Vietnamese iced coffee).Delicious broth, fresh quality ingredients and quick, friendly service. I can't complain! Definitely a satisfying bowl of pho plus the prices are reasonable. The parking situation can be challenging but we got lucky that day!Very flavorful broth with fast service.  You'll be able to walk in, eat and leave within 15 minutes (if needed).
Remember, cash only!There are so many Vietnamese Pho in Philadelphia and this is one of the best. Simple yet flavorful. Service was fast even during lunch rush. Food is always consistent here! Reasonable priced and free parking! 
When you are done you can always do your groceries shopping next door!Pretty simple food. Has a 'hole-in-the-wall' type of ambiance. I found the food to be slightly bland, but the dish seemed pretty classic. Well priced for the portions.The broth was really good. Sweet, rich but not fatty. The noodles was not rinsed well so it was a bit starchier than what I would like. Also, the noodles was a bit over cooked. Perhaps the experience would be different if I stirred in the bean sprout, basil and lime juice right away. I would recommend that you separate the meat from the soup immediately to prevent the meat from over cooking. Ultimately it was a decent bowl of ribeye pho.Pho 75 has become a staple in my life. I will admit my first time here was after seeing it on Anthony Bourdain's Philly episode of The Layover. I've remained pretty loyal to a regular #12, which is plenty of pho to fill me up. The meat is tender, the pho is always piping hot and filling. I tried the chicken once, mix of white and dark meat but wasn't a huge fan. I also love the iced coffee which has become my drink of choice. The service is always fast and friendly, and I've never had to wait for a table. Can't beat a quick, cheap, bowl of deliciousness in a casual, no-frills atmosphere.This pho is SOOOO good and so cheap!! I love it. I usually get a number 6 but hold the tripe because I hate that. Parking can get crazy because the lot is tight and the center is usually crowded but I have always found a spot after a couple laps. The iced coffee is also superb.This is probably my favorite pho place in Philadelphia! Small cozy restaurant, not overwhelming like other pho places in close vicinity. Great tasty broth with generous serving of beef slices. They only serve pho and they serve it well! If you're looking for other Vietnamese dishes to complement your pho then look for another place nearby. But if you are looking for a good hearty bowl of pho this is the place to be!I went here a few days before Anthony Bourdain's Layover in Philadelphia aired and went kind of giddy when I saw him eating Pho here. I sat the table behind his!
To me, this is the best Pho compared to other Pho I've had in Philadelphia with Pho Ha a close second (probably top 5 ever, with the other 4 in California). I've only been here once, so I can't claim it to be the best, but maybe when I come back, I'll go again and write a more credible review.
I always order Pho Tai, and ask for the meat to be on the side. They aren't cheap with the meat - I had enough for two bowls. And I have to say, the meat was noticeably soft, melt in your mouth amazing. I know that sounds strange, but it stood out. The Broth tasted great alone (hoison sauce and sirarcha aren't really needed at all).  only slight complaint was that the noodles were a little too cooked for my preference. 
And I love the decor! They aren't trying to please anyone and they aren't trying to be modern. It's a standard Vietnamese pho restaurant layout, with a whole lot of pink.Best pho spot in Philly so far. They're located in a supermarket plaza so I never had an issue with parking in their lot. They pretty much only sell pho here with variations in the types of meat you want. The best part of the pho here is their broth, which is clear and not overly salty. Honestly the difference between large and small is only the amount of broth, but then again its like an extra 50 cents so can't complain. The pho bowls are reasonably priced at around $8 a bowl. I only wish they had other stuff like spring rolls or summer rolls. However, its good that their only food item is made well.
*TIP this place is cash onlyThis place was awesome! Everything was so fresh and the food came quickly. They recommended number 12 and it was amazing!This is only the second time I've had Pho and this place has the best and most tasty then I had before. The Vietnamese ice coffee was excellent!  Friendly and helpful staff.  Clean and fresh ingredients. My daughter and I really enjoyed our Pho. We will be back.Pho 75 is my favorite place in the world. I come here regularly and find so much comfort in the routine and knowing I will walk out much happier than when I came in. 
I walk in the doors, make eye contact with one of the guys up front, wave the number of fingers corresponding to the size of my group, and am promptly pointed to a clean table without speaking a word. They hand me a menu but I just tell them #11, regular, and return the menu. I go to the bathroom to wash my hands and by the time I sit back down, the hot bowl of noodle soup has appeared on the table. This is faster than fast food. 
I tear some Thai Basil leaves and add it to the bowl, along with a few jalapeno slices and a squeeze of lime. I don't think it needs any additional flavors or sauces. The broth is so rich and complex... yet light. The meat to noodle ratio is higher than at most pho spots, and therefore an incredible value. Each bite is so comforting and delicious, and I slurp shamelessly until my bowl is empty. 
I get up to pay (cash only) and am quickly on my merry way out. I come back in a week and repeat this all over again.Wonderful soup. Their ice coffee and tea is amazing. Attentive staff who seat and greet you immediately. Food is served within minutes of ordering. Without fail my boyfriend and I have been going here for the past year at least once a month! This place is our favorite Pho Restaurant.  Hidden gem.
Parking is not the easiest but only once we were unable to park in the lot. Inside is clean. Portions are large, even the small.I love the pho here it is the best i've ever had. I come here at least once a week. Love the casual, no frills atmosphere.I try to come here once a week or so. They just put up new neon signs, which is nice, but this restaurant is about as no frills as you can get.
Pho 75 serves one thing and one thing only-pho. They have different varieties and broths, of course, but that's about it. The broth is the reason I keep coming back. The meat is better quality than some other places I've been. The ambience leaves something to be desired but I also think it adds to the whole experience. 
You can find people from all walks of life eating here on any given day. I think everyone agrees this place is great.Sorry but I'm going to have to disagree with the other Yelpers on this one =/
The only thing I found good about this place was that it was definitely the fastest place I've tried. My soup came out in literally one minute! 
I ordered Pho Tai Nam here (with rare slices of beef steak and tender beef flank) and the meat tasted very weird. Tasted sort of metallic is the best explanation I can think of. The soup was not clear and it was also salty. The noodles were cooked well but I think that was all that the bowl had going for it. Don't think I'll be returning here. 
If you do happen to go into this plaza, the pho at Cafe Viet Huong is better (but I still need a better pho place!).Pho 75 is only good if all you want is a big bowl of noodles (no appetizers), but their soup is really good! The staff is very attentive, and the food arrives quickly. Their sprouts, peppers, lime, and basil are very fresh, and they somehow manage to keep their condiment containers decently clean. I love going here before a trip to the big Asian supermarket a few yards away.My favorite place for Pho. The broth is always on point and the dishes are excellent. I always get a side of the vinegar onions and a iced Vietnamese coffee to complete the meal. Prices are insanely affordable, and I always leave wanting more.This is hands down my favorite place for Pho, fast cheap and delicious. I actually crave it. I have had other pho but found them to be a little off. This flavor is fresh, light and you don't feel guilty after you're done. Great cure for hangovers too.If all you want is quality delicious traditional pho without the wait... This is the place to be! I've been coming here with my family for over 18 years now and it's been the same as it always is! The decor isn't all that....but you're coming for the delicious pho, not the ambiance. I've never waited longer than 5 minutes for my food and the staff is always so kind! Pho is their specialty and they arguably make better pho than my traditional mother does!Im from NYC and I TRAVEL HERE FOR LUNCH. Their pho is NO JOKE. Its the only thing they serve and they're damn good at it.Yes!!!! Went back and Pho75 is still the Pho King!!We ordered a large beef eye and a brisket with chicken broth... both were excellent! The broth is just to flavorful.. Service is quick the food comes within 5 min of ordering... If you are looking for good Pho, this is the place pho you!!!We heard that this was the best Pho in the city.  We'll, I agree.  We've spent a lot of time in Vietnam north to south & back again on several trips.  We live near a good Pho place but had to try Pho 75.  
The broth was excellent, the vegetables fresh & the meat plentiful & tender.  I had the beef with tripe & tendon.  Delicious!  Now if I could just find a great bahn me!Like many tourists, I first heard of this place from the great Anthony Bourdain's show. I was super impressed with the Pho Bien - that beef is just something else! Grab yourself a Thai iced tea and you'll be set! Holy cow. This place is fantastic! Attentive staff, great food, and warm atmosphere. You'd be a downright fool not to give Pho 75 a chance! Keep on Pho'in on!The food was good but let me tell you, bad service. While I was ordering, the waiter completely ignored me. They don't respect anyone 16 or younger. I'm a customer, I'm paying, which means you should respect me. When my dish came out, completely wrong. I will not be eating here again.It's been a year or two since I've visited this particular Pho 75, one of many operating under a loosely-based chain (and I do mean very loosely).  It's not that I thought it was awful, it was just that another pho store opened closer to me.  From what I can recall, Pho 75 at 1122 was on par with the pho offerings from other 75's and other random numbers.  And then one day this month, I was astounded to see the number of people on a given Saturday afternoon.  
During my visits several years ago, there may have been one or two other tables that were occupied every time I went.  Recently, it was nearly full.  Full of... non-Vietnamese.  In fact, I had been the only Vietnamese patron that day at that time.  Mind you, there is a supermarket full of Vietnamese people in the same building, while also filling up other eateries in the area.  This didn't just happen once.  As astounded as I was, I made a second visit a few weeks later to find the same results.  And then I just remembered, there had been a popular man with a popular television program here.
The soup is bland.  Water, salt, and a tinge of brown.  No discernable flavors from any of the key spices; ginger, cinnamon, clove, and most importantly star anise.  The blandness had to be helped with some pungency from the available fish sauce on the table (seems like very little, if any, was used in the creation of the broth).  There wasn't any sambal-like chili on any of the tables, my favorite condiment.  The second visit drummed up low hopes and had been confirmed.
What happened?  Was it the larger number of clientele that diluted the pot?  Or did they cede to a wider range of palates, ultimately dumbing it down as to avoid infringing on softer taste buds?  I'm not sure what happened since that popular man visited, but it's safe to say I'll stick with my other pho locales from now on.
Another note, I had never been in the minority in regards to chopstick usage at a pho restaurant before.  I was astonished.Best pho in philly. I've had them all. The broth is a work of brilliance. Nothing else comes close. My wife and I go there at least twice a month. Enough said.Still the best Pho, best service and best prices in the city.  No complaints other that parking can be tough at times but that is completely out of their control.I eat here so often the waiter recognizes me when I come in and asks if I want what I had last time.  Cash only is my only beef, but I'll take it in exchange for that awesome pho and near instant service!Quick, cheap, but it doesn't skimp on flavor. 
All they serve is pho, so you know that they've mastered the broth
Coffee is also greatI can't count the times I have eaten here, preferably the Nr. 2 with fatty brisket, soft tendon and tripe and other tasty ingredients, so obviously I like(d) the place.  Today's soup was a salt lick, even when eaten with lots of rice noodles, the taste was overpowering salty.  This can happen, especially when the broth has simmered a long time and concentrated, but the really egregious part of my meal was that the extra tendon I like to order with my soup was still solidly frozen when brought out, first making the broth in the small bowl ice cold, then cooling down my soup to tepid immediately, without ever reaching that gelatinously delicious texture.  Awful.  I was really disappointed about that double insult to fine Pho eating.
I am looking for a new place to be a regular.As somewhat of a Pho noob, I couldn't wait to get to this place and dive right into a big, steaming bowl on a chilly Sunday early afternoon. I've always been a fan of ramen, Japanese noodle bars and the like, so my expectations were high for this (especially considering the volume of positive reviews).
Step inside - pretty large, table-filled room. No frills and crazy decor, just packed with people hunched over their bowls, greedily feasting on their bowls of freshly prepared Pho. Good sign. 
Service was super fast, as someone came over to our table the second we sat down. I poured over the menu for a bit as they brought over water and tea, wondering what to get. Pho is all they serve, so there's a ton of versions, ranging from fairly simple (cuts of beef or meatballs) to more adventurous (tripe, tendons, fatty brisket). 
The waiter seemed to sense our apprehension, suggesting we opt for the more popular bowls rather than taking on something with tripe or tendon (which is what I was originally considering). I hardly had time to sip my tea and take in the surroundings before the piping hot dishes were presented to us, along with a side of sprouts, basil and sliced jalapeno. 
Fragrant, salty, flavorful broth, loaded up with noodles and a heaping serving of assorted beef cuts. Sliced onions and scallions occasionally leap onto your spoon as well while sipping the broth. Plentiful portion sizes, especially for the price.
We also tried out the Vietnamese coffee with condensed milk, which, despite making a bit of a mess on the table (my fault, oops), was jam-packed with intense flavor and silky sweetness. I love surprises. 
I could continue extolling this place's tasty food and snappy service, but I think everyone gets the picture. We'll definitely back to try more varieties of Pho, and I'm eager to see how other places around the city stack up. 
Protips - regular size bowl is probably enough, cash only, sip on a Vietnamese coffee afterward.Attempt #1 to find a pho place in Philly.
It's cheap, quick service - but that should be a given for any pho place. The options are extremely limited and they really do only serve pho...no spring rolls or bun cha. The broth is not bad but the chicken was really stringy and fatty. 
Cash only, ATMs in the mall are hit or miss.I always eat here the service is very fast
The noodle is really good the price is good
The noodle and the soup is tasty . They put lot of bean  sprout and other stuff. 
I recommend for fast Vietnamese noodle soup. Keep up good work guys.One of my favorite places to eat, very nutrient rich broth, I always buy the broth when I'm sick and take home to sip...
So good!Decent. Chargrilled pork was delicious, though the flavor was a bit different than what I'm used to from Vietnamese food. Vermicelli was a little thicker than usual, too.Sorry everyone.  You love this place so much bc: MSG.  I am not a fan of MSG.  I will not eat here.  They told me they did use it when I called and asked.Best pho I've ever had. Quick, delish, flavorful and fresh! Will absolutely return!!!Fast service!
Delicious broth and pho!If you are in the neighborhood and happen to have a craving for some pho, definitely try this place out! The food was fresh and tasty; and I have had a lot of pho at a multitude of places. The service was great and the restaurant was nice and spacious.One of my favorite Pho spots in the city. Parking can be a little tight in the lot but have always been able to find a spot with some time. Very large dinning room and have always been seated immediately. The menu is very simple all Pho paired with a complementary pot of tea which always goes well on a chilly day! When you are sick Pho 75 is the cure!The real thing..........that's all that really needs to be said!  I gave them four stars because is isn't quite in the same league with Pho from the good places in Westminster CA, Washington DC, or Toronto - but it is authentic and properly portioned at decent prices.  You won't go wrong here.after yesterday's bad Pho experience in Paoli, finally today I got Pho 75. I ordered small bowl and Vietnamese drip-pot ice coffee, their taste were authentic, the vegetable was fresh and clear, Pho soup was cooked by chicken or pork bond I guessed, it was really delicious, the meat was well cooked, juicy and delicious. Usually I do have a big stomach, but here the small bowl was big enough for me already. It's the best Pho I had so far in Philly area. I'm new in Philly, so Pho fans if there is any better option just let me know. :) 
Cons: 
1) only cash payment, I went to there today again, but I had insufficient cash to pay my dinner, I asked to pay by credit card, but cashier didn't accept it, and told me outside of there it's an ATM. I withdrawn cash from that ATM, it cost my extra $2.6 for transaction. 
2) no receipt when I checking out, It's hard to know exact prices I pay for. I went to here twice recently, second time I ordered a large bowl compare to first time, but somehow the price was less then the first time. since there is not receipt for your reference, so it's no way to know why that difference happened.Didn't like the taste. Price was good, service was good, but felt sick after taking no. 7 on the menu. Not going back.Probally one of my favorite bowls in the city. I've have had most of the pho selection and everyone has been on point
Only down side is they don't have the chili garlic paste. Sriacha is great.  The paste makes the bowl.Easily the best Pho I've ever had. I love Vietnamese food and have tried multiple restaurants, but no place compares. It's affordable, quick, and delicious. Nothing special about the atmosphere, but it's extremely clean and the food and service are so great that I don't care. I could eat here every day.Pho 75 makes one thing - pho. It makes it good. There's plenty of space and the service is lighting fast. We were handed a menu upon sitting and they asked us for our orders a few minutes later. The food came out in less than 10 minutes. I got the chicken pho and the broth was flavorful (though no words can really describe just how amazing it is). The meat is tender, plentiful and delicious. There's a lot of great places in the city to eat, but I can see why Anthony Bourdain picked this place. I absolutely recommend coming here.Ok, after living in Philly for a month, this is my second favorite pho, after Pho Hoa.Located in a very interesting shopping center with a little asian mall inside. It was very entertaining to walk around the area.  I really enjoy eating Pho and have tried it in many different places around Phila and Bucks. I would say this is the best pho spot I have been to, and my friends agreed. The most noticeable difference is the quality of the food and significantly less salt.  As far as the the service: the food takes 5 minutes to
Come out so you are in and out very quickly. The restaurant is clean and I would def come back here again. This is a must try for pho lovers.Average pho, limited parking and wait staff can me hard to deal with.Good pho restaurant. You can order flanks etc on the side. They have meatballs in their pho. Meal served fast. It's cheap. And it's located very close to Asian supermarket. Overall it's a good alternative if your other favorite pho joint are very busy.My favorite go to pho joint when I drive into Philly!  It's as authentic as it gets, no Chinese or Koreans making it here.  It's the real deal, that deep slow and low cooked broth with all the variations of beef as it was meant to be!!  Best part....they open at 9am for that hangover cure!Best pho I've ever had. I've been to numerous other places, some specializing only in pho and I have yet to find a better bowl. Flavorful and filling, the large portions even in a small bowl will leave you satisfied. 
Pho 75 has a variety of meat options for their soups, from white meat chicken all the way to tripe. I order simple chicken or beef but if you like tripe or tendon I hear theirs is pretty good. If you order beef don't be surprised when it arrives in the bowl looking barely cooked. Do not worry, the broth will cook it for you. If you don't like seeing your meat cooked in front of you or it makes you worried, you can order it well done and problem solved. You can ask for extra pickled onions, noodles, meat, basil, bean sprouts, etc., and you'll be given a generous serving on the side in a bowl for later use.  I always ask for extra basil, onions, and limes. Don't skimp on the lime juice, trust me. 
The service is always surprisingly fast and efficient. I've never waited more than ten minutes after ordering for my food, and that was with a large party. For parties of two or three it's usually a two to five minute wait. And since we're on the subject or party size, Pho 75 can deliver. The restaurant can accommodate very large parties, I've had a party of 12 seated immediately upon walking into the door and comfortably. They don't take reservations either, so it truly was immediately. If you are looking for a place with fancy ambiance and a luxury setting though, you will be let down. This place is all about the pho with little time spared on ambiance. It's kind of charming though, in its own way. It is what is and knows what it's about, there's no frills and I like that. It's part of what makes going there a fun experience. 
Pho 75 has some great beverage options too. They have your standard soft drinks, but they also serve iced coffee with condensed milk and it's the best Vietnamese coffee I've had anywhere. It's authentic, rich, and delicious. Pho 75 also serves lemon soda and lime soda. My siblings especially like the lemon one, they order it just about every time they go. 
I will warn you about the parking situation in front of the restaurant. It can be challenging to find a spot, to say the least. If you don't mind a tight parking lot with a lot going on besides cars moving around, then you'll be fine. I know some people don't. There is parking right around the corner and occasionally you'll be able to find street parking. So worry not, if you're not up for playing the automobile equivalent of Tetris, there is parking available close by. 
If you're new to pho or have had it and are looking for a good bowl, Pho 75 will not leave you disappointed.Perfect Pho. As a great fan of this, most perfect of soups, I have to say that this one was exceptional. It was on Anthony Bourdains list, so we decided to pop in - yet to be disappointed by one of his picks and this was no exception. Pure dining room atmosphere, simple, bare bones menu with the one thing they have perfected - pho. I personally like the brisket, round mix, because the fat from the briskest enriches the broth just enough to make it a solid 10. Drizzle in some siracha and voila!Great pho! Fast service, well priced. The Thai coffee is also a plus.This place is good Pho noodle
I eat this place since I was young and still quick service and the soup is really good. Keep it up recommend.Not the fanciest place but definitely the best. The broth is so flavorful and every option on the menu is so delicious! Always hits the spot, especially when your battling a cold!I've been going here for 15+ years. I'm pretty picky with my pho but this place never disappoints. If you want real authentic pho, you have to try this place out. They don't serve anything else here. Usually other Vietnamese restaurants would serve other dishes and have pho on the menu but it's just not as good as a place that only serves pho. 
I would have given this place 5 stars but I don't really like the atmosphere here. There's a sense of unprofessionalism here. The bathroom is a little bit unkept.It really is as good as everyone says.
If you live in Center City and feel skeptical about going all the way down to Washington Ave to try this place, do yourself the favor and just go once. You'll be a believer.
Spacious so it's also good for groups (when does that ever happen?). Fresh, meaty, and amazing soup/noodles.
A+!I don't think I will ever be able to find pho this good in Chicago. This was one of the best things I have eaten in my life and I swear I'm not being dramatic.I don't understand why this place only has four stars. It's the best pho I've had in my life and the price is totally reasonable. The large is actually large too. 
The only downside might be the customer service but this comes with the territory when going to a hole in the wall place like this.Tried Pho 75 for the first time on Saturday. The food came out pretty fast and overall was pretty good. I got the beef eye round and I thought the meat was delicious - it perfectly cooked in the broth and was tender and flavorful. The broth was alright for me, I felt like it was missing something, but it was clear and clean tasting and it didn't leave that yucky feeling you sometimes get when you have a bowl of pho that has MSG in it. The price was reasonable but the portions are rather small. I got a large and I finished the entire thing, and was just satisfied but not full. With the option of Pho Ha a few blocks down the street, I would probably just make the extra effort to go there instead. But this place is probably cleaner than Pho Ha so if you're picky about that kind of stuff, this is a perfectly good alternativeComing from a big fan of Pho 75 in Herndon VA this is much the same  a great place to get Pho.  Very fast and friendly service.  Pho is excellent.I've tried the other Pho joints in that mall, and 75 is really the only one that matters.  
The place lacks any sort of ambiance, but the soup is just so damn good.  
Last time I went with hubby, we sat next to people who brought ... a bottle of wine.  Hilarious!Pho 75 is the best. I grew up around here and frequently visited this place. Pho 75 comes pretty close to 2nd on my list (after my parents). Every time I visit Philly, I have to stop by Pho 75 for a bowl.Worth the visit.  Solid four stars.  Be prepared, they only have Pho, nothing else. No rolls, wings, rice plates...  But they do it well.  Also know they close at 8pm, not a minute later.The large is quite large. Believe you me. The large is hard to finish. And I have a big appetite. 
Amazingly yummy. The perfect food. Get the iced coffee for dessert if you have room. 
This review is succinct because I'm currently in a food coma from eating too much pho.Delicious. Efficient quick service, and down to the point. This is strictly pho , and cash only. The ambience is "lunch" themed, designed to make you in and out. The portions are huge, and full of flavor. I got the number 1, and I loved it with toonnns of Sriracha. It's absolutely cheap, come early and find street parking because the lot it's in is a mad house, especially during the weekend.This pho is the real deal. A minimalist approach to decor and menu really brings all the focus to the pho, which does not dissapoint. For a meager amount of money I was served a HUGE bowl of pho that included the most generous portions of tender delicious brisket, steak, and tendon I have ever had. The broth was rich and savory, amazing. Service was straightforward and kindly. This is what I hope the cafeteria in heaven would be like and I think I could eat here everyday and die happy.Are you sick, hungover?  Maybe you are just feeling down in the dumps emotionally?  Have some delicious pho.  So many flavors, so delicious.  It's good for you, you really should have some.  I usually go with the chicken or brisket, both are very good.  The broth is amazing, I think that they make it in heaven and drop it off here every morning. This stuff genuinely makes me happy.  You should try a Vietnamese coffee too.This place doesn't have bahn mi or appetizers but their pho is the best so that's all they really matters right?? This is the first place I finished all the meat and noodles in my bowl because I usually just drink all the soup and eat some noodles cus I'm not much of a meat eater but this place did everything so well I couldn't leave a single bite in my bowl!!!! Cash only tho!!!The Pho was really good. Wanted to give a 3.5 if I could.
But that's it, there was nothing else on the menu.
No apps, hot food dishes, vermicelli bowls, bubble tea.
Also, the service was non existent. 
They just take your order, bring it out in 3 minutes and that's it.
Don't stop by to see how we are doing, don't bring a check, we have to go the register, and don't stop by to refill drinks. 
It's pretty much with them, set it and forget it.
Didn't want to leave a 25% tip, but the bill was so low, it was hard not to. 
Definitely will come back when I'm craving Pho.I love this place its soo simple it has a cafateria style atmosphere with service.  Ive been to this place soo many times and still not tired of it.  
It great once you place your order the food comes right out it seems like its already ready (its not though).  I love the fact that eating Pho from this place will clear some nostrils and fill up a stomach with only having some noodles, beef, stomach and some other stuff that taste good but I dont exactly know what it is.
If the owner from Pho75 is reading this Please open one up in Long Island somewhere.3.5 stars: fave pho place in the city! Broth is delicious and doesn't reek of MSG. Prices are pretty reasonable given the size of the pho portions. Service is also very quick here.First Pho place in Philly that I will say is good.  (And I've had my fair share of pho on both coasts)
Broth isn't as flavorful as I hoped it would be, but the noodles were perfect and the portion of the meats, tripe, etc were up to par.
THEY ONLY SERVE PHO.  You will not find the rice or vermicelli noodle dishes here.
Service is super fast.  Standard side additions come with pho: limes, basil, sprouts.
Spacious dining area with the tradition viet decor and vibe - nice and casual. 
Parking is tough on the weekends so come with patience.
There are other Viet restaurants within the same shopping complex which I have yet to try and compare to this place to. Stay tuned..I went there a couple of times, with my friend and some of my family members. We love their Pho. They actually give us a lot of meat for a pretty low price. However, they did not give us that much noodles as other pho places, but it was still enough for us. We will continue eating here.So, I technically never tried pho before, but when my bf had a craving for some we turned to Yelp for inspiration - and thankfully didn't have to look far for Pho 75's listing. We opted for this location since I wanted to drop by the Italian Market after and enjoyed a lovely stroll all the way down there.
We weren't surprised by the lack of decor and rather spare cafeteria-like layout. Simple, standard tables and chairs everywhere. The majority of patrons seemed to be Vietnamese themselves, a very good sign. My bf ordered a large (and boy do they mean LARGE) Tai, Nam, Sach (slices of eye-round steak, well-done flank and beef tripe), and I just had a taste of the noodles while he went to town with all the meaty goodness. The noodles were fantastic, perfect texture. He couldn't get over how delicious the pho was, the meat was sliced thinly and melted with eat bite he took, but the tripe was definitely the favorite ingredient since its been awhile since he's had any.
It may be no frills, but Pho 75 has amazing pho, and considering how large their portions are and the quality, the prices are great! Large was just about $7. We're definitely coming back for more soon!My mouth waters just thinking about this place! I haven't had better Pho anywhere else in the city/surrounding suburbs. You should expect a huge bowl of epically delicious broth, noodles, and meat (your selection of different beef cuts, chicken, meatballs), with a heaping side of fresh, crunchy bean sprouts, jalapeno slices, scallions, cilantro, limes and variety of sauces to add as much umame as one needs after a hard work week. 
Add the Sriracha/chili sauces/jalapenos slices in with care, because your soup can quickly become spicy beyond consumption, turning your esophagus into a ring of fire. For an American who enjoys spicy food, I only use half the jalapenos and a little Sriracha. You certainly don't need to add any to enjoy the flavorful and stress-detoxing broth. I also recommend getting the non-fatty beef cut choices, such as brisket. Some people do enjoy the richness of fatty meats, but I'd rather stick with the lean.
The no-frill atmosphere is very casual and perfect for one who needs a serious bowl of Pho. Also, they do not accept credit cards, so bring cash or prepare to use the ATM that has a hefty service charge just outside the restaurant.Anthony Bourdain ain't validated shit at this place! Pho 75 probably gave the man the best they got the day they filmed.
I knew this place was going to be shit when the bowl of soup came out being lukewarm...
Bean sprouts and basil leaves looked sad to be on that platter of garnishes...
Broth was ok though..
Worst $10 I spent at a pho joint.always order Pho for lunch, beef steak pho and meat ball Pho is my favorite. small size is good for lunch too. if you really like Pho, big size is for you.THE place for pho. 
Pros:  Best Pho in Philly.  I love pho. I get to travel all over the globe, and this is THE best pho. Taste is subjective. But I've tried the best spots in Los Angeles, Portland OR, all over the west coast..... London..... I really do mean all over. And this is my fav. The broth is consistently clear, tasty, not too salty. Just right. The perfect balance and served piping hot. I seem to always go back to ordering a regular size # 12. 
Cons:  Sigh....  there is a singular drawback. Since they only serve Pho (and that's why they are so good), friends who want other options usually want to go elsewhere.  Still 5 stars in my book. For years.On a recent visit to the Phil, I did a little pho crawl. The following is a transcription of scribbles on a napkin.
Pho 75
Breakfast. normal pho menu, thank god (unlike at pho hoa). but where's the ngo gai?? Decent broth, but needs more beefness and spicing. but it's not clear, lots of suspended solids. rare beef is tough. tendon too thin but tender. giant wad of tripe. sloppy knifemanship. noodles are better than pho hoa but not chewy enough. fatty brisket is interesting. a decent bowl but underwhelming based on the hype. this can't be the best pho in philly. i hope.I am a huge pho fan and have tried several of the popular pho spots around the city, including here, Nam Phuong, Pho Xe Lua Viet Thai, Le Viet, Pho Cali, and others; I think that Pho 75 does it best. Their broth consistently packs a super savory taste that hits the spot. My usual order is a large, custom tai, chin, gau, nam with a Vietnamese iced drip coffee on the side. It comes with an ample amount of bean sprouts, basil, and green peppers. Of course, I always add plenty of sriracha and hoisin sauce.
Compared to Nam Phuong, Pho 75 doesn't really offer appetizers or other entrees (or alcohol), but their beef pho can't be beat. It is also a much more casual environment than Nam Phuong.Cheap, consistent, friendly. Its what you expect at a place that is JUST phoVisited this place on a cold rainy Tuesday afternoon for an early dinner. There is nothing nicer than a cup of warm tea and a quickly made serving of piping hot pho. Portions were good, prices reasonable, service was very quick and pho delicious. The black drip-pot coffee with ice and condensed milk, comes in a nice mini french press and tastes identical to those starbucks bottled mocha drinks.  Good for groups. Not much in terms of ambience or decor, but it isn't that kind of place.Eating a giant bowl of hot steaming noodle soup might not seem such a good idea in 90+ degree weather, but this was totally worth it! I've been meaning to come to Pho 75 for a while ever since I watched it featured on No Reservations.  
Service was unbelievably fast - our large bowls of steaming pho came to our table less than 3 minutes after we placed the order! The broth was flavorful, the rice noodles had great consistency and bite, and there was a generous portion of meat.  In fact, I actually couldn't finish all the meat. My only small quibble would be that the beansprouts that came with the pho was a bit soggy and definitely not fresh.  That aside, I'd definitely be coming back! And for under $7 a bowl, who wouldn't?My place to go for decent Pho. The prices are not as ridiculous as the ones in Chinatown, and the food tastes better. Their service is quick and the staffs are friendly, too. If you are a person that eats fairly large portions, pay the extra 70 cents to get the extra large size. I really like the broth there but don't drink too much of it. It's gonna make you really thirsty afterwards:)One of the best Pho places in NOVA. Although it is a chain, their quality is still at an all time high. The best thing, other than they're really really good is that they are fast. By the time you sit down you'll be getting your meal in a matter of seconds. They are a cash only place, which can be an inconvenience but that should not deter you from this place. They're really authentic and what I like about them is that they never ask me how to food is. They know their food is great so why bother the customer with that question?The chicken pho here is some of the best that I have had. The pho at this location is always spot on and blows the Adam ave location out of the water. The coffee is good here and the staff is nicer too.Slurp slurp slurp. That's all you can hear from me chugging down those noodles. The broth here is what gets you addicted. Flavor is out of control. You get the nice sweetness and saltiness for an equal balance of the beef aroma. There are no rice dishes or anything except noodles, which means this place can specialize and make exceptional pho. It's located in a very packed supermarket plaza along Washington Ave, which is a densely populated area with viet cuisines. A great spot to get in and out if you're in a rush.A classic! I wish it was a bit nicer inside but the Pho is absolutely delish. Inexpensive, huge portions and quick service!Perfect beef pho, at a perfect price, and in a perfect restaurant space. 
Pho 75's beef pho is extremely flavorful, with a refreshingly clean and pure taste to it. It's also less than $10. I even added the extremely delicious (and potent) Vietnamese coffee with condensed milk, and my bill was only $11. 
Moreover, I love how un-fancy this place is. It shows authenticity and a down-to-earth commitment to the product. 
I love Pho 75 and will be back very soon, and often!First time trying Pho , ordered the flank steak comes with noodles,onions,cilantro,bean sprouts,scallions (green onions).delicious first experience don't be afraid to try new things guys! Also very friendly service all the staff is very welcoming.I can't believe it's taken me this long to write a review of Pho 75. 
The reason I haven't is because I can't say anything  different than anyone else has said in a very positive way. It's family run. The service is great and attentive. The food is great. There is ample comfortable seating in an albeit plain  interior. 
The Tea is free!!!   
There is one large overhead TV and this time when I visited Eagles banners were hanging from the ceiling.
It's cash only and I don't blame them because they're able to deliver a good product very inexpensively. If they took credit cards that wouldn't be the case.
Plenty of free parking.Large 15 twice a week. The staff is wonderful. The pho is sensational. Don't ever leave meWhoa this place is legit. Unbelievably delicious for two for less than $20. Simple menu so don't overthink it. Fresh squeezed lemonade goes nicely with the pho. Cash only so be prepared, but totally worth it. Bonus points for them letting us in at 7:50pm with absolutely no hesitations.I've been here one too many times, hungover and desperately seeking a cure. Once, I timed how long it took for my #1 large w/ iced coffee (the cureall!) to hit the table from the time the server took my menu- just under a minute and a half! I think the only other place in town that could come close to that is Pho Ha at 6th and Wash. Like Pho Ha, it's set up like a big cafeteria- long tables and minimal decoration. I actually prefer its sorta-dumpy look (kind of reminds me of where I live a block away) because it means I will never have to wait for a table on a Saturday morning (see: every other Pho joint). 
In sum, you gotta love a place that serves one thing on the menu and does it well, time and time again.Excellent pho. As good as any place in Westminster, CA (Little Saigon - Epicenter of Vietnamese food in LA). Even got Anthony Bourdain's seal of approval.
Go for the beef brisket Pho.By the time I was done with my gigantic bowl of Pho, the cheap table I was sitting at probably should have just been burned. Soup bits, snot, miscellaneous beef parts and lord knows what other bodily fluids had covered the table. This is an amazing bowl of Pho, with generous portion of meat, wonderfully chewy noodles, and ample fixings of lime, sprouts, and herbs. Did I mention the broth? I want to live in the broth. 
This experience could be yours for too for around $7.
Pro tip: you'll probably want a cigarette afterwards, even if you're not a smoker. 
Second pro tip: only idiots even bother attempting to park in their lot. park on the street like a civilized person.Thus place is pretty solid. Not the best pho I have ever had, but it was good. Service was so quick, food came out in like 5 mins and they give you hot tea and water. Parking lot does really suck, just find street parking. Veggies were fresh, meat was tender but there wasn't that many noodles. Don't get me wrong, I defiantly felt full with the regular size, but more noodles would have made me happier. For 6.25$ you can't complain to much. 
Not your typical sit down resturant, you walk in and the guy seats you at a table that reminds you of a fire hall with pink walls. No hostess Stand for anything: It's all good tho. I'll probably come back if I am in the area.Best pho in the area....they raised the price but still a good deal. $7.35 for a large bowl. Gotta have extra meat ($1.50). Definitely my go to place!They're broth is delicious!  My favorite Pho in the city!The best remedy for a cold rainy day - a big bowl of steaming hot pho. I first heard of Pho 75 on Anthony Bourdain's show, and he usually has impeccable tastes for local food so I was super excited for this.
Their menu boasts several varieties of pho, each with just a tiny variation of the type of meat so it can be quite confusing. I ordered a large bowl of #4 ($7.65) and it came really quickly, with the usual fixings of bean sprouts, basil, lime and chilies on the side. The first thing I noticed about the pho is how light the soup was, and even after gulping down a good half bowl of the soup, it didn't leave me with the unpleasant post-MSG taste in my mouth. At first I thought the soup was a tad under seasoned, but I actually came to enjoy the lightness of the broth that really enabled me to taste the nuanced flavors inside the broth. The meat was also flavorful and accompanied the generous portion of noodles. One of the people in our group actually ordered two large bowls of pho all for himself - the waiter was visibly shocked when he ordered seconds, but that's a testament to the quality of the food.
The standout of the meal though was the iced coffee. It comes with the traditional coffee dripper, and the dark rich liquid is collected into a tea cup, which is then poured into a glass of ice. It was very rich, strong, and the condensed milk help give it the pleasant sweetness without being overly cloying. It's a great end to a no frills yet great meal.Cash only. This place is straight to the point. Tons of seating and only does one thing and does it well. The broth is so flavorful and delicious, and quality of meat is amazing. Bean sprouts and crispy and fresh. I like that this place is so legit that even the bowls have Pho 75 labeled on them, as do the calendars sprawled across the restaurant.pros...i have to say that i am not really a pho phan, but i will say that i did really like the pho here.  and please don't say "fo", as i hear it is really pronounced "f-uh".  anyways, my family and i had just landed at philadelphia, and my wife's cousin, Rose 
R, wanted to take us to her #1 pho place.  so off we went to pho 75, and it was great.  the menu is both complex but also simple, you can get almost any combination that you want.  i got the #10 but added tendon to the mix.  
the waitstaff here is just super nice and most of all the food comes out super fast.  there is nothing else here but pho, at least that is what i was told.  but we had ordered our pho and within 6-8 minutes it was piping hot on our table with all the fixin's.  as for the pho, it was delicious and super hot to boot.  they do have two sizes of pho, more like regular and large.  i chose the regular as i know that i will have my wife's unfinished portion as well.  
cons...i think that the tendon pieces could have been a bit smaller in size.  and from what i'm finding out is that the east coast still does most of their monetary transactions with actual cash instead of with credit cards.  not really an issue if you are a regular but it was a bit of a shock for me for them not to take credit cards.  but that's just me. otherwise a really great place to get some good tasting pho.What the Pho?!? 
It's not even 8 pm on a Thursday, walked in the door, which was unlocked, so excited to try this place with the reviews.... Only to be smacked with a " not open " from the guys behind the counter! 
Maybe next time I will actually be able to rate the Pho!Their broth is better than any other pho in town. It's also authentic and the only pho my parents will eat. By the way, Pho is the only thing they serve so there are no side dishes, banh mi, etc.Good pho, nice people, but not the best.  Lots of other options in the area.I ordered #1.  Did not enjoy it at all.  I'd not recommend this place to anyone.  Not sure how it received so many good reviews.  Also, this place does not accept CC.  However. there is an ATM machine inside the store.  Go figure!I've been going to pho 75 for 20 years and it is the standard by which I judge all pho shops.  Consistently excellentWhoaa best Pho yet!! The service was beyond fantastic-and I ordered mine to go! I can't believe how friendly and attentive they were. I already can't wait to go back :DBest place to have Pho in Philadelphia.  The broth is delicious, always go for number 2 with extra meatballs!  Service is fast too.This restaurant has the best PHO.  You know you've found a good Vietnamese restaurant when all the clientèle in the place are Vietnamese.  I've visited this place more times when I can count - and was always pleased with the food.  The Vietnamese coffee, and bean desert are great.  
It not the most appealing of places - but if you want good food and what I imagine to be a close-to-authentic experience, visit this place.First time trying Pho and i. am. HOOKED. the broth is absolutely amazing, i want to swim in it. meat was perfect and the service was great. highly recommend this place!Delicious, but...... um............. how do I put this delicately?  Both me and my dining companion got............  extreme gastrointestinal discomfort after eating here.  Such a shame because it really was delicious.For a city that has the largest population of Vietnamese immigrants in the Northeast, I have always been surprised at how sub-par most of Philadelphia's Vietnamese offerings are.
Pho 75 is my go-to place for pho. It's cheap, quick, and better than pretty much any other place in town. I only wish they served culantro on the side. As Andrea Nguyen says in her indispensable book on Vietnamese cooking, "When the garnish plate for pho contains thorn-edged leaves of culantro, you know you are being treated well." If you don't speak Vietnamese, you might run into trouble doing the "build your own bowl" option, but it's never really a big issue.I loved their vegetarian Pho, and my husband really liked the beef one, the owner was really nice, the food came quickly. The portions were generous without it being overwhelming, abundant in veggies and tofu for me and meat for my husband (sometimes in certain Pho places they just serve basically only noodles...!). 
Definitely going back soon.The broth was really good. Could get 4 stars if it had a bit more meat.
Would go back!Best pho restaurant hands down. All their bowls are delicious, with my favorite being Pho Tai Nam Gan. Staff is very attentive and brings your food out very quick. Portions are very good especially for the price, and if you decide to get pho to go, it seems like they actually give you a lot more (probably enough for 2 servings). Very sad that they closed the Chinatown location a while back, so now I try my best to stop by here when I'm in the area.I love this place! Clean friendly service and the Pho is AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS!!! I'm truly in love taking newbies there to turn them out on Pho is my new thing lolIf you want the itis, look no further! My first venture here was a month or two ago, and was after some reasonable heavy day-drinking...it was a revelation. I've been craving ever since, and yesterday after a very long bike ride decided to treat myself. Magic ensued.
It's a no frills establishment which I dig because I'm here for heaven noodles not stephen starr's over-priced ambiance, in Wing Phat Plaza which the parking was gridlocked so I parked down the block in CVS lot, BIG FRIGGING DEAL! Nothing was stopping me from my pho. The menu is one page, and most of the pho dishes have the same ingredients listed in differing orders, so whatever, JUST GIMME LARGE #1 PLEASE SIR! I was ordering take-out to take this home and enjoy before G.O.T., best Sunday night ever.
I love that this place has service with a smile, it took less than 5 minutes for my order to be ready, and 2 different employees with smiles thank-you-come-again-ed me on my way out. Getting take-out is freaking awesome, unwrapping this christmas present when I got home I was enthralled that the broth was still piping hot, the portions were huge, and they include loads of bean sprouts, jalepenos, fresh basil, and even little condiment containers of sriracha and hoisin (I think) sauce. I wasn't about to use a frigging little soup bowl to concoct this - I used my popcorn bowl and it barely fit everything!!! I had to lay back on the couch and take breathers between rounds of gluttony. Oh, and this was all for a whopping $8.05. Please do not go here ...more pho for me.I remember when this place was a whole in the wall in Virginia.  It was in this horrible warehouse place and you sat at tables that resembled lunch room tables in high school.. The wait was RIDICULOUS!  But the wait is well deserved, this place is AMAZING.  In the winter it's great because it warms you right up.  and in the summer.. they blast the air..  My friends and I especially love it after a night of drinking it works wonders for a hangover.  You have to be adventurous if your gonna eat here.  It's just boring if your not!  And the meatballs.. ohmygod!!  and as for drinks the iced coffee is great, but they  have a drink called soda chanh which is basically lemon, sugar and club.. SOOO good and soooo refreshing.Got the seal of approval from my Vietnamese friend who always complains that pho joints just don't do it quite right. This place only does pho and does it right instead of having a massive menu of other stuff.
If you like pho, come here.This place only makes pho and it is absolutely delicious!! They have different combo options or just one type of beef and the soup is flavorful. 
The restaurant is cash only and parking can be difficult in the lot during peak hours.By far the most flavorful Pho in Philadelphia and surrounding are. If you're looking for a bowl of deliciousness that will not break the bank this is your place. We dine-in because fresh is best but we always get an order to go as well (uncooked noodles). Yummm!I lost my Pho virginity here, by myself. and its the best thing that has ever happened to me. 
Walking back from East Passyunk, I decided to find out whats all this Pho shenanigan was about, I walked in by myself to be quickly greeted by one of the many friendly servers. The menu seemed broad and giving Zareen S. many a options are never a good idea. I decided to go with the No.1 which had everything in it. The "small" bowl of Pho came out in less than 5 minutes. The word small is a joke because by the time I had planted a food child in my belly, I couldn't even put a dent on it. Heaps of meat and tripe [i love tripe], bottomless sea of noodle, sprouts and basil is just 7 bucks?! Madness, that I fell in love with and deeply adore. I found putting a bit of fish sauce enhances the flavor of the broth my miles. And all this comes with a pot of Green Tea? I repeat, madness.An amazing place to get authentic Pho! At first, I wasn't so sure given the interesting smell and neon light vibe but the service was uber quick and the pho was amazing!!! Not to mention so reasonably priced. My friend and I got two large Pho for roughly $14. I tried other restaurants to get a comparison and well...nothing compared to this place. Highly recommend!
FYI- cash only! They have an ATM on siteOf the two times I've been here, there's not much to complain about regarding Pho 75.  Sure, I wish the hours were later, since I find myself craving pho past 8pm, but this landmark restaurant on Washington Avenue, without a doubt, serves up the best pho in town.  It may have all the charm and allure of a high school cafeteria, but don't let that deceive you.  What it lacks in decor and atmosphere it more than makes up in the quality and quantity of food.
The last time I was here was a couple weeks back with the BF and our friends from out of town.  Still reeling from my experience at Pho Xe Lua, I opted for some pho free of organ meat: ordering it with brisket, flank, and meatballs.  Within mere minutes, we were presented with our hot steaming bowls of pho; filled with delicious broth, rice noodles, savory meat, and everything else.  Tasting it, it was just as good as it looked and smelled.  It was by no means "amazing", but more "very good".  The meat was juicy, the veggies were fresh and crisp, the noodles tender, and the broth also very good.  I didn't even need that much sriracha or hoisin sauce to add in.  It may be a stretch to call it comfort food, but it was definitely comforting and the perfect cure for what was an awful hangover from the night before.
The only weakness was service, whereupon when they brought the pho out, despite our waiter's best attempts to carry four bowls at once, he managed to spill a good portion of my BFs broth into his water (it was replaced immediately).  Otherwise, these guys know exactly how to handle you: take your order, serve you food, and then leave you the hell alone until it's time to pay.  Overall, it's a bare bones pho joint with basic service, but nobody's here to soak in the scene or be treated like royalty; they're just here for the perfectly consistent pho that's unmatched anywhere else.Yum!!!!   Fabulous pho.  Free parking.  BYO.  Doesn't get better than that!Gimme some mo' pho bitches!
This is my favorite pho joint in the DC area, and I am glad to see the Philly franchise is alive and well.  I remember this place used to be in a tiny hole in the wall in Chinatown.  I'm glad they moved to these bigger digs, which remind me of the one I usually go to in Roslyn, VA.
The food here is just as good as there - perfectly cooked beef in a light but flavorful broth with rice noodles that have the spot-on texture needed for that perfect bowl of pho.  There's not much to say beyond what the place delivers - the most awesome bowl of Vietnamese beef noodles that many of us New Yorkers can only dream of due to the serious dearth of authentic and inspired pho restaurants in NYC.  Here's something that l'm definitely jealous that us big apple peeps don't have.
Oh and beyond the beef noodles, definitely hit up the excellent Vietnamese iced coffee here.  You can't go wrong.  
Otherwise this place is about as charming as a hospital cafeteria and boasts clean bathrooms.  The servers are friendly and the price is reasonable.  What are you waiting for?I found this place from yelp, and it met my expectation! The soup was flavorful and they let me customize my order! The salted lemon drink was a bit bland tho, but it s ok Would definitely come back again!Awesome awesome awesome...they have expertise in noodles for sure...the menu is simple and the options are enough to choose from. Great in quantity and it is really cheap.I've had a love affair with pho since being introduced 12 yrs ago in Virginia- there are a lot of pho places in N. Va.  Since then I've experienced  pho from the West coast to East coast, wherever I could find it.  
Soon after dating my Vietnamese gf- she took me to where 'her people' go to eat pho.  A great hole in the wall.  The broth is smooth and silky, delicious; made with love.  
If you're looking for great decor and ambiance, forget about it- BUT, if you're ALL ABOUT THE FOOD- this is it!  The best pho in town.
p.s. My gf loves the ice-coffee... not sure what the white chick above was complaining about, maybe she should stay in her comfort zone at Starbucks.Overrated. Ever notice how there are more hipsters eating here than there are Vietnamese people? So either Vietnamese people dislike fake people wearing tiny clothes or they prefer the food somewhere else. I believe in the latter.We've gone on a Pho kick looking for the best around the area and so far, Pho 75 is still our number one! Great food and quick service!Can you say best pho phoever? I came with my girlfriend all the way from LI just to have an awesome late lunch here. Although, this was my first time here my expectations were very high from all the hype my girlfriend's family provided me with. This place did not dissapoint, as expected the soup was the best i've ever had (hopefully my gf's mom doesn't read this). I would drive 2hours again anytime to come here.Can't go wrong with pho and iced coffee.  Order them together so your coffee has time to brew.  If you're in to trying new things, #1 and #2 have an assortment of meats to try.  If you want a safe pick go with #12 or #15.  Staff was friendly, restaurant was clean.  It would get a 5-star rating if it didn't feel like a cafeteria inside.Quick, cheap, and what it lacks in ambiance, it more than makes up in delicious food. I stuck with my usual order of pho tai chin, and was not disappointed with the generous amount of thinly sliced eye round and brisket. The food came accompanied by enough garnishes to go around (rare when you like jalapenos as much as I do!) and a nice, piping pot of tea. Not a place to go for any kind of event, but decent enough if you want a good hot meal without too many options and for a minimal amount of money. Just remember to bring cash.Best pho I had to date, the service was very prompt so I thought it was gonna be some watery, not even warm food, but when it got to the table it was steamy and looking so deli job and the taste matched the sight, the vegetables was fresh and crips and the brisket was tender along with the eye round beef, highly recommended.Most of the places down in Washington Ave have a special place in my heart. As a Viet-American, my family and I have been venturing to these restaurants since the beginning of time. 
Pho 75 has degraded in quality, in my opinion, over the times. I still regard Pho 75 as a decent bowl of pho on the strip, but mainly for nostalgic value. 
Good, but not the best!This must be the best Pho in Philly and the second best I have ever had in my pho-life. The broth is so tasty and amazing. I had Pho Ga. The menu offers Pho choices of chicken and beef. Both smell and look delicious. The interior is nothing to write home about, a 70's cafeteria is about as good as I can compare it with. But don't let that keep you away from the best. pho  in Philly. I got it to go and it comes with everything nicely packed and separated to preserve freshness. I understand there are various options to get your food to go but I wasn't able to figure them all out. See you again Pho 75.I haven't been here since I was a child.  It was seriously even better than I remembered! The pho was just perfect.... Steaming hot broth, al dente noodles, and bursting with flavors.  I ordered a large and thought I couldn't finish but it was just so good... I didn't stop.  
I know some people like pho hoa - but their broth is too sweet.  Pho 75 broth is filled with the original herbs/seasoning! 
Service is great and so fast!Best pho spot in the tri-state area, in my opinion. Everything about it is perfect: food is authentic and delicious, prices are dirt-cheap, and the orders come out instantly; all hallmarks of amazing pho restaurants. Menu is pretty bare-bones, but that just means there's less stuff diverting your attention away from the heavenly noodle soups.
Note that it's cash only.I finally made my way over to Pho 75 after hearing really great things. I've been going to Pho Ha and really enjoy it but there's something that's different about their Pho. Their broth is just really delicious.  I finished the whole large bowl that I ordered. I just wish they had chili oil like Pho Ha. It's a nice option over just Sriracha, I like it spicy. I'm sure Pho 75's broth doesn't really need it. I just like it that way. I'll most definitely be back sooner than later.I might be missing something, but I prefer Huong Tram for my steaming bowls of pho. 
Came with my SO post a very wet and rainy move and we came HUNGRY. The first few bites were incredible, and I thought I had found my new go to, but I think I was just super hungry because after that it was just 'good' and not 'great'. 
I'd have no issue coming again, but it's not my #1 go to.Perfect ambiance and incredible service. An unrivaled place to cure a hangover. Also BYOB. Usual suspects are on the menu and the food is good - but the main appeal is the comfort and relaxation this place provides you at 10 in the morning when you're not feeling your best.This place was recommended to me by yelp and I am so thankful to have opened that email. This gem is only 3 blocks from the Ellsworth-Federal stop on the Broad Street Line. I went with a friend and we were seated immediately. I ordered #12 in a regular size based off of another yelper's suggestion. Being a  novice I wasn't 100% comfortable understanding the menu, but our waiter was very kind and helpful. Our food came out in just a couple of minutes and it was delicious. Mint leaves and jalapeños are served separately so you can customize your bowl once it comes out. From the fast and courteous service to the delicious food, I would definitely recommend Pho 75!Reading some reviews before writing mine and learned that Anthony Bourdain has been here, cool!  I'll have to google around to see where else he went in Philly.
On with the review ... I got the large #1 (has everything) and was very pleased.  The noodles were not over cooked (an issue that I have with some places), the various ingredients were well proportioned, and the broth was delicious.  I also had and iced VN coffee that was good (just your standard VN coffee, nothing to rave or complain about).
The service was fine.  It's a Pho shop ... you come in, order, slurp it down, pay, leave.  What more do you want?!
There's an Indego bike stop nearby, fyi.They only do Pho, but they do it so right.  No appetizers, no rice dishes, no beer, no frills.  You only get served easily the best pho I've ever had in Philly.  It's savory the way pho is supposed to be unlike the other lack luster and bland broth where you're pouring in the lime, hoison sauce, and siracha just to taste anything.  I've lived in Philly four years a while a go and since coming back this is the only pho place we do now.
It's hard to get there without a car and once there parking can be hectic during peak lunch and dinner hours, but you usually find a spot since shops and restaurants in the square in general turns people around pretty quickly.  Don't be afraid to come in because it's a little janky on the outside and even when you walk in - the pho is totally worth it!This is probably the only restaurant in Philadelphia that I will not visit again... ever. If it was a way to gove no stars... I would. 
My son ordered a Chicken Pho over the phone for pickup. When I arrived 20 minutes later, they had never even started to prepare his food. I paid for the order and when the cashier went to give me my change, they placed it in the counter even though my hand was extended. I immediately became irritated but continued to wait for my son's food. 
After another 15 minutes past... I inquired about my food. When they told me that my food was done and it was inside the bag, on the floor next to the counter, I was floored. I gave them a pass for the first incident and chucked it off as ignorance. However, after the second incident, I realized it was pure, unadulterated racism.
Black people have had to endure racism for many, many years by white America but for "some" Asians, to come here and develop this sense of superiority over other minorities is mortifying. Can I change the mindset of the ignorant that waited on me? No... but I can make the decision to walk about 100 ft. to their competition right across the lot... whose establishment is better anyway. Pho 75 will never get another cent from me or my family.My dad used to take my brother and I here all the time when we were young. I would always get the pho with meatballs and a coconut juice. So that's what I ordered, and I have to say I'm a bit disappointed. The meatballs were very hard and I don't think it was thoroughly cooked. I wish the broth and bowl itself was a bit hotter ( I have to remember to request extra hot when ordering pho, from anywhere really). My boyfriend got an upset stomach shortly after eating there with me that day. I don't think we are coming back here anymore..Best broth in the city hands down. Super cheap - cash only! Can get a large order for about $8 and can get the noodles par cooked. Take it home and cook the noodles a handful at a time and you can get three meals out of one order. Can't beat it. If you're going to eat in definitely try the vietnamese iced coffee - STRONG drip iced coffee with condensed milk. So good.