I got some of the worst food poisoning of my life in this place several years ago and just can't fathom going back when there are so many better alternatives.   Cafe Viet Huong at 11th & Washington is just a few blocks away, has a more extensive menu and the food is way better.  Oh yeah - and it isn't filthy inside like Pho Ha.  I'll gladly pay just a little bit more to eat in a restaurant that seems to grasp the concept of hygiene.  Pho Ha is just a bit too "rustic" inside for my tastes.  Blech.Usually it's the Cheese Steak that we get when we are in Philly, but this time it was Pho.
Pho Ha is located on a Plaza and in an area full with Vietnamese restaurants. Pho Ha became our choice because of the many Yelp reviews, and it is the first Pho restaurant you see driving up to the Plaza.
The Pho restaurants I know are storefronts, little whole in the walls, but Pho Ha is a serious big place. All though big in size, it still gives you that family restaurant atmosphere. Due to the grandkids walking around while the parents are obviously cooking our Pho and granddad keeps an eye on his descendants. 
The bowls are big and filled with delicious broth, there are two sizes of big; small big and large big... These bowl are no joke, and sooooo tasty and for $6.50 per bowl you can't go wrong.
Pho Ha is for sure a place you need to try out when you are in Philly, and if you like Pho or never had a Pho in your whole life!Best bang for your buck pho place. Their portions are HUGE. I'd say the large bowl is big enough to feed two people. I had the "everything" pho, and it's good, very comparable to Nam Phuong, which has become the benchmark for Vietnamese food for me. The meat is thinner so it tends to get all over the place (a bit messy) compared to Nam Phuong. Good broth. Also the 6th street Vietnamese strip mall is less occupied than the 11th, so it's easier to find parking here.I was pretty hyped about trying pho in Philly. We pass by this little Viet town every time we make our way towards Pat's. I asked a Josh V.,  fellow yelper and friend for some suggestions and this was one of them. 
Pho Ha is the corner store in this shopping lot. There's a supermarket and other various Viet stores. There's a pretty decent size parking lot but boy, nobody knows how to drive or park. Parking lanes are a bit narrow, people with large SUVs have a tight squeeze and many folks just park slanted. But the parking lot remains an upside and the street parking didn't look all that bad either.
My wife and I both ordered a large #13 on the menu. I had my pho with egg noodles, she had hers with rice noodles. We also ordered spring rolls (2), and a side order of pork chops for our son. The pho came to our table piping hot. The broth was delicious. Just thinking about it is making my mouth salvilate. The noodle portion in my opinion could be a little more especially for a large order. The amount of tendon and beef they gave was reasonably fair. It was a good bowl of pho all around. Better than any other pho I had in New York by far. My one issue with the pho came later. Our mouths became extremely dry by the time we checked into our hotel. Both of us were just so thirsty from all the msg they used.
The spring rolls and that fish sauce is spot on. Very nice crispy texture and tender and juicy on the inside. The spring rolls here easily beat all of the Vietnamese spring rolls I've had in Jackson heights, Woodside, Elmhurst, and Flushing Queens. The sauce was well made too. I was kinda turned away that they didn't give some leafs of lettuce to roll the spring roll in. Maybe that's just a NY thing? I dunno.
The pork chops were also delightful. Nice thin cut, gently seared on both sides and kept all the juices entact. I cut pieces of the pork chop and mixed it into a bowl of pho from our order and our son finished everything. However, again, he also became very thirsty when we got to our room. 
Verdict - Despite the msg, we still enjoyed the heck out of it. We finally ate something other than cheesesteaks, roast pork sandwiches and crap from Reading Terminal. If they toned down the msg a few notches or remove it entirely, the broth and everything about their pho would rank #1 on my list. It's a very busy restaurant, our waiter was friendly during the lunch rush, it was a way better experience than any pho spot I ever had I'm NY.Best pho in Philly. And best spring rolls. And best Soda Chahn. I guess best everything, really.I ain't Vietnamese ok, but gurl, I am Foodnamese and this is some good food. The service is quick and the food is so good. 
I usually order the rice vermicelli w/ meat dishes.
It's cash only so watch out for that. There's an ATM inside the store if you need it.I really loved the food and I like how clean everything looked. The guy that took our order seemed very helpful. Food came out quickly and the prices are very good. I wish the restrooms were a bit cleaner and this is why I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5.I really liked Pho Ha! I was very skeptical at first- the place looks super sketchy from outside, like it might be a fast food chain or something- but I am glad I let my friend from work talk me into going.
Even when you walk inside it's really sketchy. The tables are plastic and the place has the definite feeling of an Asian Shoney's. But the waitstaff is very friendly and hospitable. The menu is massive and I probably would have had trouble with it if I hadn't been with someone who knew what she was doing. 
I started with the summer rolls with shrimp. Very fresh and simple and healthy. It was a good start. 
Next I moved onto the chicken vermicelli roll dish. I shared this with my friend at her suggestion, though I didn't think it would be enough food. Sure enough, there was so much food that she and I could not finish and my boyfriend had to help us out! The chicken was tender and flavorful, and the noodles were cooked perfectly. It came with the rice wrappers and a bowl of warm water to moisten them, which took some time and a few botched attempts before I got it right. It also came with a massive pile of mint, which was delicious, except...beware the "fishy mint"!!!! I took a bite of a leaf, and was instantly nauseated and had to spit it out. When my waiter came over, I said "what IS this, it's awful!?" He looked at me with a smile and a wink and said "Oh. You don't like the fishy-mint." And walked away. Quite an experience. I hope to go back soon! But will avoid any sort of seafood flavored leafy green.
Also...you would be hard-pressed to spend more than $20 here on a couple of people, and to not bring home leftovers. Portions are huge and prices are crazy cheap.What can I say? This is one of my favorite restaurants. 
The pho is DELICIOUS. I always order a number 2, with steak and brisket. The pho comes with a plate of bean sprouts, thai basil, culantro(i think), sliced jalapenos, and lime. This allows you to doctor up your pho the way you like it. Add some sriracha...maybe a squirt of fish sauce...golden! 
I think I am seriously addicted to the hoisin sauce as well. I love dipping my meat in it. *snickers*
The meal would not be complete without the jasmine tea they give you while waiting for your order (it takes them like less than 5 minutes to deliver a steaming bowl to your table), as well as some vietnamese coffee...rich, robust...floating on a cloud of condensed milk, poured over ice or hot. Seriously, if you don't know about vietnamese coffee, and you're a coffee drinker? Well...you need to learn. If you're not a coffee fan, order the jackfruit smoothie. 
I eat at Pho Ha at least once a week. I have also brought at least a dozen people there so that they could experience it for the first time. You will get a fulfilling meal that only costs about 6 bucks...perfection.Giving this place 2 stars, the food is good, fast and is very inexpensive.  But why am I leaving 2 stars you ask?  i'm giving them 2 stars for iver charging my credit card.  My meal with tax was ~43.  So I leave 6 in tip to bring it to a total of ~49.  On my CC, they charged me ~54 ( not a big deal but that's still wrong).  Looks like someone gave themselves extra tip.  Be careful and watch out!Finally - we have found our pho place in Philly. Super fast, tasty broth and everything you would expect from a pho restaurant - beef/chicken options (missing the seafood, sadness), huge portions (the small is more like a large at other places), spring rolls and super strong iced coffee. Def our go-to for a hangover cure.One of our favorite place for pho in Philly! We always come back for their pho bowls bcus its that good and affordable compared to NY prices now. We ordered the create it yourself pho bowl for less than $8 (small bowl) with beef balls, flank, and brisket. Love that the give plenty of noodles and meat!! My friend went for the steak over rice bcus he was curious how it might taste! He loved it! I tried a piece of steak and it was so good! So tender and flavorful. Thinking to order that next time on our next visit and maybe try their other entrees!I LOVE the food at Pho Ha.  It doesn't seem to be the cleanest place, and I heard that use a TON of MSG, but for a $16 meal for two people, I love it.The usual pot of hot tea becomes a pot of iced tea on this hot day. That consideration in itself is worth 5-stars!Seriously the best Pho broth I have ever tasted. It's so deep in flavor and all of the condiments are right there on the table. They don't skimp on anything. Decor and ambience fall a kinda flat, florescent lights, communal tables, large windows and a small counter in the back to pay. It feels like a space that converts into a bingo hall at night but all of that aside the food is where it's at. I wasn't a huge fan of the spring rolls but I'm not into Vietnamese rolls anyway. The soup is it. Slurp down the spicy goodness and fall in love. I wish this place was in New York.As a genuine Vietnamese, I would say this restaurant served not best of Pho. We came here two times during our short stay in Philly, but the restaurant was quiet, even though it was 8 p.m. or 11 a.m. The broth was cooked pretty well with the real taste of beef bones, oxtail (perhaps), with some spices like Vietnamese cinnamon sticks, cloves, coriander seeds, star anise, and cardamom. The Pho here is very Southern Vietnamese style, and I like it, even though the owner was a Northern lady. However, there were just a few pieces of thin slicing meat. The portion was small as well.definitely the best pho in Philly...my parents want  this literally every time they visit. It's also in an area that has more Vietnamese shops/ restaurants than Chinatown, and ample parking since it's in a shopping center.Vietnamese food served up fast and hot. We came here on a rainy and cold day for some soup to warm us up. Ordered 3 pho with different proteins in it. Everyone prefers their beef cooked to a different degree but I prefer mine just turning brown with a slight pink. To me most places can do that just easily since all the need to do for pho is just put everything in a bowl then pour some soup in and serve. This place is no different. Pho Ha stands out to me is their soup and the aroma of the soup. The soup comes out hot but not burning filled with beef flavor compared to some soup that were just bland. I came here hoping to try their weekend special pho bo kho(#28 beef stew with carrot pho) as I tried it at a different location and was blown away. I knocked one star off for now since I didn't get to try what I wanted but once I tried it I will update the score accordingly. 
Quick tip for first timers
1. If you're planning to come here on a weekend I would suggest carpool since the parking lot will be packed. 
2. Don't let the outer look fool you. It is not the most pristine of places but their food is good. 
3. Don't expect servers to come to you often like a typical restaurant. 
You will walk in make eye contact with someone who works there. Then raise up your hand with the number of seats you'll need and be seated. You will see your waiter when they bring you your drink then take your order and then serve you your food and that's it. 
4. Following your order if you order pho they will bring out a plate filled with bean sprouts, basil and lime. These are for the pho please don't eat them directly (you can if you want). Before you add anything in though taste the soup first. 
For the bean sprouts put it in your soup while it's hot to soften them a little
Please tear the basil leaves off the stem and then rip the it a little to put into your pho. Don't try to stick he whole stem in. 
As for the lime, add in as little or as much as you want.
5. If you order their iced drip coffee, let the coffee finish dripping into the glass then stir it first before pouring it over into the ice cup. The hot coffee helps dissolve the condensed milk at the bottom and there will be no ice in the way of you mixing it evenly. After mixing then you can pour over and enjoy. 
6. You pay by walking up to the cashier and tell her your table and this place is CASH ONLY.Such a worthy review #100 recipient. Pho Ha serves up some seriously cravable Vietnamese food. Case in point, I first visited a couple weekends ago and could not get enough of the sliced pork pho and the vermicelli noodles with pork and egg rolls. It was a rainy day and these giant portions hit the spot. Great service was received and the prices were amazing.
Fast forward to this past weekend. I had been thinking about these noodles all week and needed round 2 in my life ASAP. I spent an excruciating 45 minutes in Columbus blvd's version of hell aka that dump of a Comcast customer service center. The vermicelli bowl once again came through and made my day. The pork is perfectly cooked but still crispy on the outside with a great smokey flavor. Each table has lots of condiments to spice it up your way.
I challenge anyone to find a more filling per dollar place that includes high quality ingredients made to order, good luck!My fav pho spot in the city, hands down.  I think it's under new ownership - it's been extra clean recently, and they removed the cheesy moving waterfall art from the walls.
Get huge bowls of pho for $6-7 (small or large) with whatever meats you want (I stick to just steak and brisket... though last time some tripe snuck into my bowl, meh).
Not in the mood for pho?  They have really good rice plates or rice vermicelli bowls for under $7.  The BF got a vermicelli bowl to go and the to-go box must have weighed 4+ lbs, no lie!
TIP: cash only, but they have an ATM on the premises.Noodles are my hangover remedy.  They're also my favourite drug.  I come to Pho Ha at least once every two weeks and I have never been disappointed.  The noodle bowls come out within 7 minutes of ordering and the small bowl is too much food to consume at one sitting.  Delicious and easy with excellent people watching opportunities.
Just so you know...make sure you order everything you want when the server is there.  Once you place your order, they do not come back to the table.  This includes water.Gradually trying to navigate our way through the plethora of 4 star Vietnamese restaurants in Philadelphia in search of the best.  
We tried the bun bo hue and the beef stew. The bun bo hue had a nice flavor, although was not quite as tangy and spicey as others.  The beef stew was just okay, not as thick as we expected.  The serving of meat in the bun bo hue was quite generous.  
The summer rolls were solid.  
Overall there was nothing to rave about, but then again nothing to complain about.  This was a solid cheap meal ($21 for the two bowls, summer roll and a Vietnamese coffee).  
The service was excellent.  Everything came out super quick.  I'm not opposed to going back but I definitely plan on trying out some of the surrounding restaurants.The eggrolls were a bit salty. The pho broth had a slight sour taste to it. The portions were great and I could see that it was crowded on a Thursday afternoon. Not bad for a pho place on the east coast, wish i had more time to check out the other ones for comparison.I eat here about once a month.  If you're looking for a place with full wait service and a nice restaurant environment, this is not the place.  If you are looking for awesome Pho that is served quickly and without fanfare in a simple cafeteria-type environment, look no further.  I am a conservative Pho eater, generally staying with beef options (I think #1 and #2....steak and flank) at Pho Ha.  Since it's always so good, I find it difficult to break away from these selections and experiment.  The prices are very reasonable for the generous portions served.  I can barely finish the normal size (under $6), but they also offer a large bowl for a dollar more.  Very good value.  If you've never had Pho, I highly recommend Pho Ha as the place to start.A good place for a quick bowl of Pho. The Vegetables are always fresh, and service is lightning speed. Manage tour expectations. The teacups are usually dirty, and the coffee can be warm instead of hot. The atmosphere it's very loud and cafeteria like. The constantly burning incense trapped in the small entry way will smack you the face, but remains in the entrance poised to hit the next batch of prey, rather than following you to your table.My go-to Pho spot. We created a "PHO FRIDAY" celebration just to enjoy this place. Service is speedy, price is low (cash only), and food is a yes! If you're looking for fancy, this isn't the spot, but if you are interested in chill, cheap, and good, then this is your place. Another plus, it's a BYOBAmbiance:  Tons of tables in a large space; an almost cafeteria type feel.  The sound of everyone chatting culminates into a loud hum filling the place.  Not romantic, simply practical.  The place is pretty clean, a wipe down the tables and plastic chairs with a wet rag kind of place.
Service:  The kindness of the waiter really depends on who you get.  They are always very quick to check in and take your order as soon as possible.  I have never had problems, been here about 10 times, until my last visit.  A shorter round faced guy with black hair that was made to spike straight out, was certainly the rudest waiter yet.  He was rude in answering questions and seemed generally annoyed at having to serve people.  I expect general abruptness from any Asian restaurant, but this guy really took it to a new level.
Food:  The food comes out crazy quick.  But if you think about it, the broth stays hot, the noodles are pre cooked and the meat cooks between the time that the broth is poured into the bowl and the bowl arriving at your table.  The broth has a fuller flavor than many pho places I have been at.  The noodles are a little too soft, but not bad.  There is always a ton of meat in the bowl, I go with brisket or white meat chicken.  If you are super hungry, get a regular size bowl.  Reserve getting the large size for those times when your stomach has been prepared for competitive eating only.  Even with the regular size, I often cannot finish the portion.  I find that if I want to continue to go out and about after the meal, I cut myself off half way and ask for a take home container.  The container is almost comical as it is a large styrofoam cup with a plastic lid.  Then again, who am I to judge since it serves its purpose (make sure you have an open cup holder in your car and the cup is not filled to the top making it top-heavy and a risk to fall over).  I also like the summer roll with shrimp, the sauce it comes with is kickin on the rolls and any meat that I pull out of my pho bowl!
Overall:  Despite some recent poor service, I would definitely come back with hopes to not get the same waiter again.  The food is simple and great tasting - just like pho should be.  You cannot beat the price.  
Pro Tip:  I like to walk off the pho fullness by going across the small alley next to the parking lot and walking around the Asian market (most clean and organized Asian market in town!!)Pho Ha has incredible pho. The broth is so flavorful and the portions are enourmous for only $6.50. There is nothing better on a cold day/night than a big hot bowl of pho from Pho Ha!Good and simple. Great pho at a good price. 6.50 for a small bowl that fill the ladies up and the large will made the guys think they're pregnant.  Great choice of meats, you can mix and match and they give you ample amounts of mint, bean sprouts,holy basil, &chillies to put in your soup. Service was very fast.  The cold condensed milk was a nice strong dark roast, almost like in Vietnam. The fresh spring rolls were the right size and both the peanut sauce and nouc mam dipping sauces were excellent. I will be back again and again....I've been coming here for 10 years.  The pho is awesome.  Everything fresh and delicious.  Fastest service and food prep time in history.  
Get the number 2 phi, spring rolls, and French coffee.  Or the shrimp pho... or the vermicelli platters.... aaahhhh it's fn greatThis place is great! My only qualm is that their lemongrass soup broth tasted pretty beefy...as a pescetarian it's always tricky eating Asian food, and if you're stricter than me about accidentally eating meat-based products you might want to avoid this place. Otherwise, the portions were large, served piping hot, and our waiter was friendly and more than willing to make a substitution for my meal so that I could have shrimp (not beef) in lemongrass broth. Both my lemongrass and my boyfriend's beef broth soup definitely had a kick which we enjoyed. And the bean sprouts, lime, jalapeno, basil, and dandelion (I think?) to mix in were fresh. This place was even hopping on a Sunday night, so that's always a good sign!It's good pho. I grew up eating pho made from every single relative near by. Everyone's is different but I can decipher whether a bowl of pho is good or not. The broth they have is actually very good. I like mine hot (spicy) and sour and with ALOT of bean sprouts. and If I had to choose between just the broth or just the noodles, with this place it would definitely be Broth.
I give it a five because food is good, they're fast with service and cleaning up. Great place for a quick bowl of pho.Pho is not as good as they use to be. The food came out fast but the quality could be better.I've been coming here regularly for the past 6 years - they've got everything down to a science. Regularly get the chargrilled porkchops, summer rolls, and an iced coffee. Very consistent food and speedy service.Pho is great. Veggies in Vermicelli Bowl are to chunky, but still very tastyThis is by far my favorite pho place in Philly!
I normally get Pho Tai Nam (flank and steak noodle soup) and occasionally Ga Dac Biet (chicken noodle soup). Their stock is very flavorful, portions are good, and relatively cheap!
For the Pho Tai Nam, I like to add hoisin, sriracha, lime, and basil, while the Ga Dac Biet, I like to add just lime and sometimes basil. These are like condiments so add these to your liking!
They only accept cash though, which is the only downside, but they do have an ATM near their entrance.I haven't been back since the smoking ban went into effect (sure I have), so the side entertainment of watching people shovel food into their mouths between drags is gone, but so is the annoyance of having to sit next to them... I guess I'll have to go back and see which prospect is better.
Either way, the food is great - and the Vietnamese-fare-for-dummies picture menus are a great touch.
When I lived in the neighborhood this was my spot on those nights when I needed a warm soothing meal and was just too lazy to do it myself.PHO.
IT TASTES LIKE REAL PHO. IT'S NOT FO...IT'S NOT FOE...IT'S PHO. 
AND IT'S DELICIOUS. 
Plus there are two different types of Siracha on the table...spice to your liking. Love the hot noodles like they love your mouth. Die happy.Okay pho,  the broth isn't too flavorful but the variety of options available make up for it.  Delicious summer rolls.Excellent pho spot. Went here around lunch time after a heavy night of drinking and it hit the spot. Ordered brisket and steak large. Let me tell you, heaalthy serving size for sure. Added some hoisen sauce and pepper and i was on my way to recovery. 
The meat was definitely tender which was great and the broth delicious. Paired with the spices and added bean sprouts definitely a solid remedy for a hangover. Can i say also dirt cheap?? 5 bucks for a small (which woulda been enough) and 7.50 for the large. Great spot and lively in there as well. CASHONLYThis place is delicious and inexpensive.  The Pho bowls are huge - a small is usually sufficient despite how much I love to drink the broth.  The veggies are fresh and crunchy and provide an excellent complement to the noodles, broth and meat.  Speaking of meat, I rarely order vegetarian dishes, but their Veggie Pho is hearty enough to satisfy even the most ravenous carnivores.  The food comes out fast too, it's the perfect place to go when you're hungry.  Plus they have parking!Pho here always hits the spot. Decently clean place. Fast and friendly. Can't really go wrong with whatever your choice of pho. However, the soup base has a noticeable change in taste now. It isn't as good as it used to be but it's still pretty good.Best pho in the city. Though it is filled with delicious noodles and things, it is the incredibly flavorful broth that is truly the star of the show. I could just drink a bucket of that stuff and I tend to prefer thick soups and stews.I live close by and come here a couple times a month. the pho is flavorful. The service is attentive. The parking is annoying. Well worth the trouble.  The most flavorful pho in Philadelphia.It nearly breaks my heart to betray my beloved Choo Choo at 9th and Race, but I went from working in Midtown Village to working in South Philly, so I've been hitting up Washington Ave. more often.  Pho Ha is hands down the best pho I've ever had and it's been my favorite soup, favorite comfort food, favorite hangover cure, favorite cure wtf-all for at least 10 years running.  The broth is ridiculous.  Clearly long simmered and so brilliantly nuanced that I can manage a bowl without even picking up the sriracha (and this is coming from someone who goes though a big bottle a month, easy).  No, it's not super clean.  No, it's not fancy.  Yes, they only accept cash.  Yes, I once ordered iced tea and they gave me a can of sweetened Lipton (ugh).  No, they don't have an extensive menu and no, I've never even ordered anything else.  Pho is kind of like pizza for me - even when it's not great, it's still kind of ok.  But this is transcendent.  In addition to the broth, the noodles are always perfect and the condiments are plentiful.  I'm sorry to admit I still go for good ol' beginners pho tai and the meat is perfection.  I seriously can not imagine any better.Best pho outside of your Mother's kitchen. Cheap prices for huge portions. The broth is as close as it gets to authentic. The service is quick, and the other dishes of bun is pretty decent compared to other Vietnamese restaurants. Lets be honest, when you want pho, and you want your food. You want it quick. This is the place. Plus, you get to go shopping right after, across the street to get some banh miI go here every weekend and consider myself one of the "locals."
For the price, nothing beats $6.00 pho. Service is quick and efficient, but don't expect a handsome decor.
It's byo, but i would be mindful that this place isn't the type to have a long sit-down dinner. I definitely think it's a 20-30 minute power lunch with noodle soup.This place was quick, easy and so delicious! We were seated and served immediately in a cafeteria style setting. We spend $20 for 2 people for two LARGE bowls of pho. We'll definitely be coming back.CASH ONLY!  Please keep that in mind.  That said, it's probably the best pho I've had in the general area.  It's well balanced between the broth and the meats.  My kids LOVE the chicken pho.  Pork chops here are quite good as well.
Be advised, the bathroom is third-worldish, so make sure you don't have to actually use it before you get there.Pho Ha? Pho sho!
Screw you March. With your rainy days and cold breezes, I'm leaving you for April.
The remedy? One bowl of steak pho from Pho Ha.
Seated and ordered immediately. And in lighting fast time, my bowl of pho was served. Steaming, well flavored broth with perfect noodles and a whole cow's worth of beef is good for what ails you (in my case a rather bothersome tequila hangover). The side accoutrements are always fresh and just enough to satisfy this chopstick wielding girl. And with enough soup to feed a militia, I always take the leftovers to eat later.
Have had the summer rolls too (delish) and want to try out the rest of their menu at some stage. Oh and their tea is tasty.
Best. Six. Dollars. Spent. Ever.
The Nomasaurus-rex is satisfied once again. Take that March.Anyone who thinks this place deserves more than 2 stars has not eaten good Pho. If all you want is fast and cheap then it's fine but with that you get poor service and bland food. For the very first time in all my Pho eating days, I did not finish my Pho. It tasted like hot water poured over some meat, none of the complex flavors I'm used to in even average Pho joints. No amount of Siracha or hoysin could save it.
My wife had the Com Ca Ri Ga. She asked for it to be spicy. The response was "No". While the chicken itself was tasty, the curry was more like stew. 
Pick any other Pho joint in the neighborhood and you are sure to do better.BEST PHO I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE!!!
The broth was so rich, there was no flavor overwhelming the rest (this happens often), and the Sriracha blended so well! The noodles were bountiful and the perfect texture, and the flank/steak combo I chose was PERFECT. I was in heaven for a good half hour, slurping away and sniffling from the spice. 
I thought it was a great omen that the restaurant was packed with Vietnamese folk. Everyone seemed to be enjoying their meals, and when a place is packed to the brim in a Vietnamese mall with several other pho options, you know the place has to be good. 
If you're searching for a pho joint with ambiance, you're not hitting up the right place. I'm not even sure that there is such a place! It's tacky, the bathrooms are kind of lacking in toilet paper, and the waitstaff are very brisk. Their efficiency makes up for their lack of emotion, and you forget they even existed until it's time to pay tip. I am definitely planning a trip here every two weeks just to fill my stomach with this glorious soup (and maybe to hit up some Making Time parties). 
I LOVE YOU PHO HA!!!!!Better Vietnamese food than you can get in NYC, let alone in Philly's Chinatown. So... much... pho! It's a good deal. Worth the trek from Center City. Or in my case, Queens.Love love love the pho here. The varieties and even the rice dishes are fantastic. The mix of people that come here is awesome. Locals, college kids, out of towners all enjoying a big bowl of steamy, fresh and delicious pho.Revisited this place with a friend. The pho definitely is good, probably one of the best in Philadelphia. I like how their menu says "add fatty meat and tendon to flavor the broth". That's a pretty nice touch. :) I got my usual: everything...tendon, tripe, flank, fatty flank, brisket, etc. This time the meat was prefect thickness. Also this time, I got their "small", which isn't small by any means, and it was definitely more enjoyable than trying to finish the large by myself. Good stuff. Oh, and did I mention easy parking? Just come into the shopping mall and pull into the parking spot...no need to circle around looking for parking in one of the busiest and congested parking lots in Philadelphia (the vietnamese shopping mall at 11th and Washington)This has literally got to be the best pho I've ever had besides home cooked pho. Service is minimal but it's usually like that with Asian establishments I've noticed.. Not sure why. Besides the pho, the vermicelli bowl is good too. Their 'small' size pho is like a regular and their large size can literally feed three people! I highly recommend this place if you're in Philly.Fast, inexpensive, yet delicious. I got a large bowl of tao, chin, nam, gau (my usual custom order) and HUGE bowl of pho with tasty broth, plenty of noodles and meat, as well as bean sprouts and fresh Thai basil on the side. I was nearly unable to finish the whole bowl, which is unusual for me! The fried spring roll and avocado smoothie were also quite good.
I consider this a reasonable alternative to Pho 75 which is just a few blocks down Wash ave. 4 yelp starsI love pho and vietnamese food in general, and could definitely eat it all the time, but I've been on a particular bender lately going multiple times a week.  Perhaps it's the cold weather, perhaps it's knowing that your belly is going to be full on very little money.  Whatever the reason, Pho Ha is always a great bet for tasty and hearty vietnamese at extremely affordable prices.  It's one of my faves out of all the pho spots in Philly.  The portions are large, the pho is great, and their broken rice plate with grilled chicken is pretty much one of the best things you'll ever eat in your life.  It's hands down the best dish they serve.  The place is no frills, although they do have some crazy paintings on the walls.  Prices are low, the food comes out super fast, and you will leave happy.  Cash only though, so beware!Went for lunch for pho. Good pho with fast service.
Good amount with good price. Not a fancy, but good place for fast in & out.I've been here a ton of times over the years (easily into the triple digits) and can't stop going back for more. The best pho broth anywhere in Philly - most flavor & MSG for your buck. If being too flavorful was a crime, this broth is a repeat offender. A few years ago the broth temporarily lost its charm and we started going to Pho Saigon for a few months, but when we returned the Pho Ha was as great as ever and somehow upped its flavor game (more white chili powder?). Approximately 98% of the time I've had pho in the past 2 years it's been here and wouldn't even think about going elsewhere.
They did a recent reno and the bathrooms are improved. Prices have gone up slightly but still can get stuffed on a bowl of Pho for $10 including tip. The vermicelli is great too, especially the grilled pork & 2 shrimp one (yes, it is exactly 2 shrimp). Summer/spring rolls are nothing special here but who has room for that when the large bowl noodles can feed a slightly undersized giant?
If I sound like an addict I'm not the only one - several friends share the same problem - just can't say no to pho.Super cheap and definitely fast. The pho itself is good but not great. The broth was nice but not very flavorful and the chicken was fine but more like deli-meat chicken, so dissapointing. However, the noodles were pretty darn good so that's a definitely plus. I will probably try one of the other thousand pho places in Philly before settling on this one.I've been coming here for four years with friends. I've tried a couple other places, but this is easily the best. It's only $5 for a small bowl and it's more than enough of a serving! I love coming here and will continue to in the future.That's it, I'm officially done. You drew me in many times in the past, I even proclaimed my love for you in my review. Why is it you must hurt the ones you love so much?
I knew you when you were the little upstart in a plaza with two other pho shops, and helped you along until you stood atop South Philly as the lone heir to the pho throne. My family has come to you early and often, and many a friend have been sent to you.
And now you spit on my face and act as if we never knew each other. I came in with a friend, and we sat. That's it, we just sat. We know what we want, we always get the same dish; pho with steak, brisket, and flank [sometimes meat balls when I'm feeling particularly fancy]. After five minutes, the lunch rush hit and the place went from having a dozen people in its seat nearly filled in a matter of moments.
It then became apparent that you don't want me around anymore. A server went to a table that sat right by us immediately after they sat down. A waiter was taking the order of a party of 12 that just finished taking off their coats. I waved to a waiter, and he proceeded to walk towards us... and stop at the table next to us that too just sat down.
Everyone was getting served but us. Dead fucking last when we arrived first by a large margin and sat and watched while every other person was attended to. That's it Pho Ha, you can take your shitty broth and pour it right up your asshole. The novelty of crappy service at a Vietnamese restaurant wore through its last thread that afternoon, and you'll sooner see me throw a brick through your window than to have me sit in that shit hole you call a restaurant.my husband and i have been here several times during our short time in philadelphia.  this is a familiar california chain so the husband was happy to find it.  
ample seating and feels clean.  sometimes too clean where it smells like cleaning products....i guess that's better than the smell of grease.
my husband always gets the pho when he goes.  he leaves a happy man.
i always get the vermacelli bowl w/ pork and spring rolls.
i also like getting the vietnamese drinks there.  i like the pink one w/ the jelly.  love it!!  
portions are good and price is inexpensive.  when we want good/tasty food w/out paying a fortune for the restaurants in rittenhouse sq, this is our go-to place.
we're curious about pho 75 since we used to go to a pho75 in arlington, va quite frequently and will try that on our next trip out there!I don't know much about pho, but I really enjoyed the food here.  I had pho with shrimp and beef.
FYI it's cash only.  There is an ATM.SO....My friend took me to this restaurant, that I've never been to, that she absolutely loves. And i couldn't understand why at first, but now i do. First of all, you would think that the prices would be a little higher than usual, because the food is of good quality. i love the chop sticks. Yes, it was the first time I use them. The portions are huge, which is really good, cause you get to take home more than half of what you ordered and still be full....This is, by far, the best Pho in the city (in taste and cleanliness). I would say this is 99%cleaner than the other Pho restaurants, I feel comfortable eating and using the restrooms here lol I always get the large because it's only like a 50 cent difference from the small and the Pho comes out pretty quickly.Yes, I'm a fan.
After tasting nearly every pho place in Philly, I still think that Pho Ha (in this specific location) has the best Pho in town. With Pho, it's all about the broth and Pho Ha has a clear, condensed broth. Order #44 which comes with the tastiest flank, tendons, tripes and briskets. Instead of clouding the soup with chili and hoisin sauce, diners would benefit more from putting a few slices of jalapeno, torn basil leaves and a squeeze of lime to produce a subtle spiced broth. 
For the less adventurous, or for the ones who's less inclined to noodle soups, try #23 or #24. The popular rice dishes which comes with a lemongrass infused grilled chicken or grilled pork chop. They are both perfectly grilled to retain the meat's juiciness. Perfect for kids. And if you have a big appetite, do try their spring or summer rolls. Personally I love the summer rolls with delicate rice flour wrappings, vermicelli, pork and shrimps inside. I love shrimps and it's lower in calories. But occasionally the deep fried spring rolls hit a certain spot.
If you've never had a Vietnamese coffee before, you should definitely try one. For the more adventurous, try a coconut drink with fresh coconut that's not for everyone but the discerning few, an iced red bean drink with vaporized milk that is bound to please almost everyone or a Chinese fortified drink which is a mixed of nuts and dried fruits which people believe are good for you. 
It's not all rosy, the place can be a lot cleaner and less chaotic, but you're not paying for the decor or service, even though they are indeed friendly. The bathrooms are not in their best shapes and they close a bit too early. The prices are great though. They do use MSG which makes the food taste excellent but gives me breathing troubles especially in winter but hey, I'll still eat there even if it kills me.I really can't count the number of times that I have been here and this is the first time that I have written a review about it.  Definitely hands down the best Pho in Philly.  I have never walked into the place where there has been a wait to sit down and I hope that I never do.  They seat you right away and then 2 minutes later will take your order.  Let's be clear this place is a Pho place so that is what I come for.  I almost always get the steak, flank, and fatty flank large bowl which runs your a shade over $6.00.  You get a huge bowl of pho for that it is pretty glorious.  You can't go wrong with this place and just writing this review makes me want to grab some on the way home.  Definitely a great spot to eat, come and enjoy.  (Note it is Cash Only but there is an ATM inside the place)Best pho in Philadelphia, no question. I've tried at least five different Vietnamese restaurants up and down Washington Ave, in Chinatown and even out in the burbs. You want a great bowl of pho, go here.
The broth is always perfectly balanced, and they'll bring you extra basil and veggies if you ask nicely. 
After you finish your bowl (the small is huge if you've never been here. The large is big enough to bathe in), head across 6th Street to the grocery store and grab some ingredients to make your own pho.Great pho - a little less flavorful than I've had elsewhere but good. Rated high in my book: prices were good, service was very fast, ingredients were fresh.I've been going here since I was a small child. Now I've got kids of my own and I bring them here. It's cheap and very family friendly. The waiters have never given me any trouble and neither does the bill. Would recommend as a cheap bite you could grab with your family.Loved the broth, food came out minutes after we ordered and it was fresh and delicious for such a cheap price.  Only complaint is that once they serve you, they don't come back to refill water or check on you, but otherwise delicious.
Place is in a strip mall, not the cleanest of places, bustling but plenty of tables and adequate staff.  There is a misprint on the menu for number 11 - that's the brisket, not steak (looks like a repeat of number 5, in case you were curious).  Def easier to get to and park than chinatown.First time here and was not sure what to expect as I think there are many reviews that are mixed.  For me, I like to base where I go from yelp ratings and then scrolling down various reviews to see how closely they are tied to the actually rating, which is why I say mixed reviews.  
Came around 2pm on a Sunday and was full of people which to me is an absolute plus!
Ordered the bun thit nuong cha gio (grilled pork over vermicelli noodles with spring roll) and a sinh to mit (jack fruit smoothie) drink.  Came to me almost instantaneous.   Food was very good.  Didn't have a group of people with me with lot's of various foods so can't rate overall quality, but I would certainly order the same thing again.
I will definitely be back to try the pho as that seemed to be the main staple everyone else was having, and, well...
...it is named Pho Ha! haha :-)I'd give this place 5 stars for the pho itself as it's completely authentic and fiilling. However, the interior is pretty gross and I can never stand to be there for more than 10 minutes before feeling like I need hand sanitizer and clorox wipes to clean the tables and chairs. So, with that said, if you go, just know that you'll get a great meal for a great price but without any sort of ambience whatsoever. The interior is dirty and resembles a cafeteria, just an FYI!I've tried about 85% of the restaurants in Philly that has Pho on the menu. A vast majority of reviewers claim Pho Ha to have the best broth/best pho in the city, and their hands are down, too!
In my opinion, Pho Ha is a great Pho restaurant, but the best Pho (especially Pho Tai) is 6 blocks up, at Pho 75.
I feel initial reactions on your first bite/sip/slirp of any food lets you know how good it is (for you). In my mind, I was ready to be blown away. When the large bowl came out, I brought the bowl closer to me and sniffed the broth. After cleaning the spoon with a napkin, I dipped it in the broth and took a sip.
My eyes didn't light up. I didn't say "OO YUMMMY" or more importantly, the big w "WOW!" Instead, I nodded and had a semi sour expression on my face. It got better when I added the lime, basil, hoison sauce and sriracha. 
This pho is really good (my friend boy says it tasted like what his grandma used to make) which makes sense for why so many people love the pho and Pho Ha.
So to end this review, I would say Pho Ha shouldn't be missed. But if you went to Philly and you weren't able to go here, it's okay, there's always next time.Crowded and busy but with extremely fast service. 
Fast, not necessarily good. 
Extremely inexpensive.
Not a place to sit and linger, maybe get it to go.
The small bowl is a misnomer. It's really two meals in one.
Are those chopsticks really sanitary?
Great bowl of steaming soup - add the fresh basil and hot sauce. 
Yes, that meat in the steak pho really is cooked. 
If you're adventurous, try the tripe, fatty flank, and tendons.
I'm not that adventurous.It's always nice to bump with a good restaurant. Pho was great, five stars for soup and beaf without any hesitation. Somehow chicken wasn't with full taste. Appetizers, spring and summer rolls, were great.There's a reason why I've eaten pho here more times than any other location I've been to COMBINED.  The pho here is simply consistent.  It's the place where I take newbies to try Pho, and the place where my friends and I default to.  This location has always been very popular on the weekends, particularly around the lunch hour.  As a result, I've noticed the broth become stretched out a little and tastes slightly blander.  It's really the only time(s) I don't visit and try to branch out to other spots.  But when I do that I feel like I'm cheating on Pho Ha.  Oh my, so many emotions.After a couple of days of meat, bread and potatoes, my taste buds were SCREAMING for something Asian. Thank you fellow Yelpers for leading me to this incredible pho find!
Now keep in mind that I have pho almost once a week so I am fussy as hell when it comes to pho. After flatly telling them that I would rather eat my shoe than have another "western" meal, my friends and I piled into a taxi and made our way to Pho Ha. On a random note, we were surprised to see a strip mall with like six or seven other Vietnamese restaurants.
The best thing about this place? The customization of your pho. Holy crap! Move over Burger King, this place does "Have it your way" right! You can choose how fatty you want your broth, the herbs, the garnishes and more. Like I thought pho was pretty customizable (yes, it is a word...) to begin with, but I have never seen it done like this! I got the large pho tai with a side order of meat and the fatty broth, and you can imagine my surprise when they brought me a small bowl of rendered beef fat on the side to go with my pho. When you ask for fatty broth, that is what you get. The broth was great, the meat was fresh and tender (I eat it basically raw so when I say it is tender, it is), and the broth was heavenly.
No MSG headache at the end of the meal and they service was STUPIDLY quick. Two bowls of Pho and two pork chop dishes came out in what seemed like two minutes (O_O) If I ever get back to Philly, I will be sure to come here again ^_^Come here for the broth. That's what really sets this place apart from the other pho places. You won't realize that if  you immediately start dousing your bowl with condiments so resist the urge and really taste it. I stopped in last night for a bowl I was laughing to myself as I realized I was "mmming" after each bite. I went with the brisket bowl, but it doesn't matter what you get because it's all about the broth. I ended up adding a little bit of chili oil to help kick a cold, but bone broth made with spice and aromatics will do the trick on its own. Perfect meal for these cold winter days.Pho Ha has one of the best broths of all of the Pho houses in Philadelphia. #8 has the perfect balance of lean and fatty meats.Cash only, pay at the counter. Parking here is insane during peak hours. I eventually gave up and parked four blocks away (though there were certainly spots only two blocks away, as I discovered walking back). John and Kevin opted for the pho tai chin nac, and I went for my baseline pho dac biet (#15). With acceptable tea at each table, I felt content to forego my usual ca phe sua da. The pressed glasses of condensed milk behind the counter prove that it's still a popular drink here, though. Garnish came out with our waters (very fresh veg, nothing was wilted; extra kudos for ngo gai), and the wait was reasonable with how crowded the place was.
Goi cuon were slightly on the small side, standard chopped peanuts over hoisin. Shrimp was more dominant than the jalapeno pork salad. Rice vermicelli and wrapper gave the rolls a nice chewiness, with the length of green onion cutting through just enough to tingle the taste buds.
Our pho arrived a minute or two after the rolls. A large was way too big a portion for me when my appetite was still asleep at lunch. Separating those thin slices right away is key. Broth could've used more star anise but it was nicely fatty. Rounded up to four stars because this was some of the freshest tendon and tripe I've ever had at a pho joint. I ended up having just enough left to completely fill one of the big styrofoam to-go cups; the volume of noodles is crazy. The only other thing keeping it from five stars for me is the grain cut of the lean steak, which was also the most prolific meat ingredient. Decent service, though fairly inattentive once you've gotten your order; don't expect water refills to come easily if they're busy.Very popular Pho restaurant in South Philly's Vietnam Town.  The Pho was excellent, the spring rolls delicious and the service fast.  I would have given it a higher rating but the place did not seem very clean, especially the restrooms.  Cash only and no liquor.Skeptical....... I went here a very long time ago. Tried it again recently and have to say: it's just pho. Nothing wow. I'll stay with the one in kenzo.Having a full and happy stomach on less than $7?  Sounds like a PHO-nomenal deal to me (sorry, I'm my father's daughter).
Free tea.
Cash only.
Quick Service.
All the spicy condiments your heart desires.
Delicious.
*Resists the urge to make a pho pun out of a certain 4-letter F word*  Sorry dad.I've recently been having some terrrrrible experiences at pho restaurants in the Philadelphia area so my friend and I went on an adventure Sunday afternoon. I came to Pho Ha after reading some decent reviews and I didn't leave here too disappointed.
Service was very very fast but out of order. I got my Pho dish first, but I would have liked to get my summer rolls first. There was some clear bacon looking substance in my summer roll that I didn't really like. It was incredibly chewy so I took it out of the summer roll. Other than that, they were pretty decent. Didn't taste very fresh though
My pho was good, the steak was a little tough but broth was decent. My pork chops though were not up to my standards. They were dry and not enough seasoning. 
I would maybe come back here but I am still on the prowl for a great pho restaurantI think the broth at Pho Ha is exactly as I like it. Not too salty, full of cilantro and basil flavor and so soothing. I get the steak and tendon, but I like all of it except the meatballs were reported to be "not so good." I can't judge because I don't like most meatballs of any kind, anywhere. But others of our party said the meatballs didn't measure up. 
The chairs are slightly uncomfortable metal, but the place is clean enough and bright, if somewhat cafeteria ambiance. I don't care about that. You go there to get pho, and the pho shows up in seconds after ordering, blisteringly hot, with the lime, sprouts and basil and pepper garnish. I thought there could be a few more sprouts. But this is a quibble When you have that pho craving, which seems to be something that many people experience, this pho hits the spot.  
You might as well order the large bowl. I order the small, but you'll never finish the broth and you get a bit more meat for under a dollar more so why not? Maybe there is better pho, but since I rusticate in Delaware with only one pho place, which isn't as good, I give this five stars. If the Italian Market were a bit closer to me, I'd be there every day.I once timed the period between the server walking away after I gave my order and there being a big bowl of pho in front of me.  58 seconds.  
The food is great, the service is great, everything happens at the blink of an eye, the cafeteria-style seating means you'll sometimes find yourself having interesting conversations with strangers--overall, this place is awesome.So, I've been to several of the pho shops in Philly over the last year a few times, and I'm finally ready to settle down and write a nice review for the one I think is the best.  The East Coast isn't particularly blooming with good Pho, but South Philly can be a pleasant exception.  This particular shop is the only one I could find that consistently provided me with Saw-leaf herb/Ngo gai as part of the garnish plate.  
"Personally, I would not patronize a soup shop that does not, at the very least offer fresh Asian basil (and preferably saw-leaf herb)." -Mai Pham, Pleasures of the Vietnamese Table.
Since pretty much every recipe I've tried from Mai's book has been awesome, I stick to her advice on Pho shops.  It's also worth noting that the broth from Pho Ha has the telltale signs of a long simmered pot of soup rather than an enhanced bouillon broth - sediment, a prevalent mouth-feel, and a certain depth to the broth rather than a flat saltiness.
The cuts of meat you get will still be rare when they reach the table, the broth scalding hot.  This is pho 101, sure, but other places *cough* Pho 75 *cough* don't seem to always get this key point.
The tendon and crunchy flank in particular here are much better than the other pho shops in the area.  For this reason, I strongly recommend getting a mix of cuts in your soup here, even if its normally out of your comfort range.Best vietnamese restaurant in US for me. Excellent soup broth and tasty grilled pork made you can enjoy both pho and vermicelli. Simple choose your part of the beef and size of your bowl then count to a few minutes and they serve your delicious pho at your table. Gyo gun are well wrap with a good taste sauce.Had the large Pho and split with my 6 year old. Stuffed!  My lady had the grilled pork and it was amazing.  Best vietnamese food I've had in California, Texas, and Philadelphia.  Going to Vietnam in March 2014... we'll see how it compares :)Stopped in yesterday after work to wake up with my boyfriend and a nice bowl of pho. We were seated right away with some hot tea. The Pho was amazing, served quickly with clean chopsticks. Definitely a place to go to in you wanna try pho!PHO SURE! this is the best pho place i've been too. mainly because the level of hotness of the soup. it makes you sweat. for me the soup remains hot the whole time im eating it.  that's all you need to know.SUCKED, They forgot my order and I found out 25 min later. Waiter didn't even realize that I DIDNT EVEN HAVE MY FOOD.Best pho in town? I don't know, but I definitely like Pho Ha. Fast, efficient service and solid food in a super casual, low-key kind of place. 
Pho comes in pretty large bowls (the small was quite generous) for about $6. The broth is really good; this soup tastes way more flavorful than what I remember from Choo Choo's or Nam Phuong. They give you a lot of noodles, the variety of meat offered is great,and the numbering system is totally weird. Also - they bring out fewer vegetables than every other pho place, or they've really run out of bean sprouts right before closing.
Other notes
- they have this "Make Your Own" kind of thing. It looks like you can choose the vegetables and choose the meats of your meal? It looks a little complicated, but if you're seriously control-freaky about your meals, this is the place to go.
- a couple frequenters suggested that I ask for fatty broth next time. Sounds good!
- cash only! But there's an ATM in the restaurant.Pho is my light comfort food. The service is excellent here and the food is so good. They seat you literally a second after you walk in the door. Highly recommended if you're in the area looking for some good food.This is my absolute favorite go-to place for pho. It's not unusual for me to be here at least once a week during the winter months.
If I'm here for pho, I go for #14. But here's my secret. On the weekends, they have a noodle dish called Pho Bo Kho which gives you large pieces of meat and tendon. Yum! So good!It feels a little cafeteria-like, with the open floor plan and long communal tables, but you don't go here for ambiance. You go for pho! 
You're immediately greeted by a steaming pot of tea upon arrival and you'll get your food within a minute of ordering (I forgot to time it! Drat...). You'll also get a heaping plate of fresh veggie toppings and free reign over the condiments in the center of the table. All for around 6 bucks!! Size small is as big as yo' face! 
The iced coffee with condensed milk tasted like a dream and was worth the subsequent belly ache my lactose-intolerant self gets from dairy.I just finished dining at this restaurant and the food was decent. I ordered the Goi Cuon, which I thought could have been better. It was a bit of a disappointment.  My family ordered barbecue pork rice noodles and they said it was pretty tasty. Meat was a bit burnt though.Go for the Pho not the atmosphere.The Pho# 10 was huge filled with rice noodles brisket and what looked and tasted like a rubbery meatball cut in half.When I return which I can't wait to I will forgo the meatball.
We liked that all the condiments were there at the table for us to doctor our food as we liked.The service here is a bit strange we were immediately approached for our order before we sat down at the table by a waiter. 
We asked for a minute to look the menu over and requested water several times before we finally got it. We kept guessing why that was since they are so fast at everything else.            Do they get people who come in for cold water but never order? Were we being punished for not knowing what we would eat before we sat down? it became a bit of a game because everything else comes out very fast.
The diners are a mix of the neighborhood and you could hear Vietnamese as well as English and Spanish spoken. The food is generous,tasty and inexpensive.Service weird. You walk yourself up to the counter and pay cash only after the meal.No bill was presented.
The bathroom is acceptable. Be sure to go next parking lot over to the Asian grocery store and the kids will love to see what other people eat. .....Live frogs,eels,snakes and fish galore.MMMMMM!!! 
cheap and delicious, how can u beat that?!
I always order the beef pho so can't really say much about anything else on the menu... the iced coffee my friend Tina recommended was amazing!! I now recommend it!The steak Pho was delicious! Very generous proportions... the small bowl will be more than enough. The service was fast and the food was pretty cheap. It's not the nicest looking place around, but perfect for a quick lunch. Definitely coming back again.This place serves up pretty average Vietnamese food. However, portions are large and cheap. The pork and shrimp vermicelli dish I had was perhaps slightly below average, but it was massive and only cost about $6.50. Service isn't the best, but food (particularly pho) comes out super fast. The guy at the next table ordered pho as he walked in the door. He then went to the bathroom, and his bowl was ready for him when he came back out. 
On a side note, they were in the process of renovating while we were there. They were using nail guns and some sort of really loud electrical appliance on the floors. It was rather annoying... do they really have to do that stuff during business hours?If you are all about the quantity of pho you order and don't care too deeply about the minor differences in quality, this is the current go-to place to get the largest quantity of pho for the same price you'd pay at most other pho restaurants across Philly.  Pho Ha's large pho bowl = other pho restaurant's large pho bowl + extra noodles and soup. Additionally, I recommend their summer rolls, spring rolls, and chicken over broken rice if you aren't in the mood for pho. If you have room for dessert, I usually stop by BAMBU in the corner of the same plaza as Pho Ha for some Vietnamese desserts that include bubble tea and other exotic drinks.
On the other hand, if you are all about the quality of pho, I recommend checking out Cafe Nhan that is my current favorite, although the price is a couple dollars more than most other pho places. Additionally, Cafe Nhan only seats about 10 people at a time since it's more a mom-pop hole in the wall place so ordering out will be safest option if you plan to go during busy hours like lunch or dinner time. 
Remember to bring cash since it's cash only for Pho Ha and Cafe Nhan!Pho Ha is a place you should only come for one thing only...pho. Everything else on the menu is hit or miss. We practically go here every weekend so we have experimented with different orders on the menu. I am also very picky about Vietnamese food and tend to over-scrutinize it.
The spring rolls are one of those hit or misses. Some days they are fresh and tasty. And other days it looks and tastes like it has been sitting on the kitchen counter all day (the rubbery skin is a dead giveaway). That's just lazy.
The two things going for Pho Ha are that it's BYOB, and the large bowl of pho is pretty damn good (and cheap). Ordering anything else is a crapshoot.I believe this is the place where my partner-in-food would not stop yapping about how much more noodles were in his pho. And I recollect that I nearly exploded from attempting to finish the Large size of Pho. 
This place is fantastic, and if you're in the area, step on the brakes. 
Note: We both chose the Create-your-own-pho-bowl option.
 I asked for "everything except the fatty flank," while my partner asked for "tendon, beef, and (something else)." He got a noticeably larger amount of meat, as I was flipping noodles, bean sprouts, parting the pho waves in expectation of unearthing a similar amount of everything-but-flank. 
Moral of the story: If you're hungry and going for your own creation, make sure to order fewer varieties of meat, which will result in a greater quantity.After many Pho restaurants in Philadelphia, I've found my go to spots. Pho Ha is by far the best Pho spot in the 215. I always order takeout from them and it tastes just as good as the dine in. I'm always greeted at the door like I'm a celebrity. If you want to feel properly greeted like you're a celebrity, come to Pho Ha! If you don't get treated like a celebrity, then the food will make up for it. Bon appetit!me and my g have been coming here twice a week at least and sometimes we'll get on an every-day pho ha streak. 
i think the other reviews can speak for the strengths of Pho Ha (which are basically consistently excellent pho at lightening speed). their heat broke for a couple of hours during an awful cold snap last year, and the place was still fully staffed and packed with shivering phoddicted diners in winter coats. 
i just want to add that if you're not afraid of delicious melted fat you should order the nuoc beo ("fatty scallion head broth") on the back of the menu. it's a small bowl of golden oil that collects on the surface of the broth while it's cooking, sometimes with little brown flecks and always with roasted scallion chunks. spoon some into your broth and you might not be able to handle how delicious it becomes. 
also, the fresh lime soda is o.g. grandmastyle good -- just a thick muddle of fresh-squeezed lime juice and sugar at the bottom of a glass, sided with a mini-bottle of club soda to pour over it. fresh sour delicious.This was a perfect choice for a quick and delicious Vietnamese dinner.  It is very reasonably priced as well!  Our server was quite helpful in that he politely told steered us away from certain selections, guiding us to the perfect vermicelli for our tastes.  If you are near 6th and Washington, stop in!  Enjoy.My pop took me here after I moved back from San Diego. He said it was the best pho in the city, and who am I to argue, the man is the embodiment of communist Vietnam living undercover in the US of A.
It was August, not even remotely cool out, and here we are having pho. I got me an order of my favorite sweetened ice coffee and my small [but big] bowl of pho tai nam. I sometimes order it with the bo vien [meat balls] when I'm feeling Italian-ish, you know, to honor the neighborhood my people did so well to overrun.
Maybe I was really hungry, or maybe the pho I've been getting in Cali was underwhelming [it wasn't], but it was really damn good. I mean, nothing overtly amazing compared to the other pho shops, but there was something about it that just put it over the top for me, and getting a better bowl of pho than the likes of the pho hoa's littered all over, it's saying something.
I found myself going down to South Philly to eat there. I'm near Cottman and the Blvd, that's not a short trip considering there's Pho Hoa right down Adams ave not even 15m away from me. I don't make the trip anymore due the drive, but if I'm downtown or nowhere near home, I don't mind going out of my way a bit to eat there.
The egg-rolls are good, their rice and vermicelli noodle platters are standard fare and taste great when you get tired of grabbing a burger and fries all the time. I wish the spring rolls weren't pre-made, as a few of my vegetarian friends would tear that shit up if it weren't for the pork in it.
Oh, it's not cool how your clothes reek of pho when you leave the place, but it's a small price to pay for face-punching awesomeness in a bowl.The Pho here is great.  Pho broth is delicious, flavourful with some sweetness.  Noodles are a good texture.  You can get the beef very rare, & it comes raw to the table so you can put it in the steaming pho yourself.  Tendons are very tender and melty.  They're a bit thin on the herbs -- pho came with only one sprig, which is really not enough as far as I'm concerned.
Also tried the lemongrass pho (available on weekends), which comes with round wheat noodles (like spaghetti), but the regular pho broth is better.Went for dinner after taking care of some business at the airport. Great to find a restaurant in Philly with a private parking lot!
Take note that they only accept cash, but the food is pretty great, and prices are very reasonable! My wife and I both got pho, and we also ordered spring rolls as an appetizer. Everything was delicious and satisfying. We'll be back for sure!I eat here more than anywhere else. It is cheap. It is good. 
I always get a small #20 (brisket) and my gf gets a large something or other. They always put the large in front of me, every time. The waiter looks confused when we switch around. 
I had better Pho once -- Pho 38 on St. Mark's in Manhattan. I checked that place out and it has really low ratings for some reason.I tried pho at so many different places but this one is my favorite!  The rice noodle is always cooked al dente;) and meat is fresh.Have been to Pho Ha several times. Never had a bad experience. Staff is polite and very accommodating.To know if a Pho restaurant has good Pho is when you enter, the aroma of Pho broth fills the entire place. Pho Ha has definitely got that down. Also, we enjoy the fact that you can choose what kind of meet to go in to your Pho. For a Viet restaurant, Pho Ha also get point for its cleanliness.In my very unscientific analysis I have decided that Pho Ha has the tastiest broth and the worst atmosphere of the Washington Avenue pho places.  A lot of pho broth tastes like nothing to me but this one is tasty especially if you add the jalapenos and a bit of chili sauce.  I like eating here alone because you can usually sit by the windows, read and watch some white suburban kids try pho for the first time.I've been a very satisfied customer of this place, but my last experience changed my whole point of view.
Last Sunday (10/30/2016), I ordered two large bowls of pho for take-out. After having them, my whole family got sick - my wife and I started having bad headaches, and my baby girl threw up three times. The broth was sour a bit, so I am assuming they used old broth.
Considering my past experience, I did not give one star, but I don't think I will go back. Does anyone have the same experience? Gosh...Quickly reaching "institution" status, you just can't beat Pho Ha.  
Not much to add to the comments made across the board here:  tasty, authentic, plentiful, crazy fast service, crazy cheap prices.  Decidedly no-frills, but that's obviously part of the "charm".Chris said his dad ate Pho when he was in 'Nam, except it was fishheads and grass pulled from the cracks in the sidewalk in water.This restaurant was fantastic.  The food was great, and came extremely fast + hot.  An open design brings tons of natural sunlight in, adding to the friendly feeling.  The chairs are a bit old, but the furniture is comfortable.  Their was no language barrier, and service was great.How many words does a review have to be?
This place is good. 
We go every 2nd weekend. Love it. HUGE portions, fast seating, fast service, order whatever you want in your Pho, yummie drop coffee.
This place is great.The pho is delicious!  I had the small shrimp pho; and the small bowl is pretty generous portion, I couldn't finish it.  The place is simple, nothing too fancy. But the a hot bowl of pho makes up for it!  Fresh and delicious broth!  
** On a side note: this is a cash ONLY place.  They have an ATM in the store but bring cash to avoid any fees **Great pho, fast service.  I would give them a 4 and a half because the decor sucks, but since I can't do that , they get a 5.
My favorite pho in philly used to be at Nam Phoung, but I think this place beats them by a couple of hairs.  This place has a more limited menu selection, so I still go to Nam Phoung when I crave papaya salad, for example, but for what they do they do it well. There's a lot to be said for specializing in a few things.
And they are very generous with their broth to stuff ratio. I like a lot of broth in my Pho.
Another plus, they open at 9am.Had a couple of horrible experiences in the past but I'm over it. The bowls are huge, plenty of decent quality meat, and the prices are still pretty good. This time, there were no server's thumbs in my bowl. The broth was excellent but I still prefer pho 75's on adams. Never-the-less this place is definitely worthy.This is the most authentic pho place I've found in Philly so far! (And I grew up eating pho)
(And places I've been to include Vietnam Cafe, Vietnam Restaurant, Vietnam Palace, Pho Cali, Pho and Cafe Saigon, Nam Phuong, Nam Son...) 
The portions are huge and delicious. Since I'm not a particularly large eater, I usually go with the kid's size pho bowls, which are pretty filling on their own, but the regular sized bowls are a great deal if you are really hungry. The ingredients are fresh and come in generous amounts. I highly recommend the flank steak pho, which comes with tender, thinly cut slices of steak. What really makes the pho authentic here is the broth. They definitely know how to make a good pho broth. 
This is more of a casual place than a restaurant where you would go to enjoy the ambiance, but the food comes out very quickly, it's reasonably priced, and extremely delicious! Definitely my go-to place for authentic pho. If this restaurant wasn't so out of my way, I would probably come here every day!Pho is just Pho right? Wrong!
Up until i tried Pho Ha, I've always thought of Pho as just soup beef and noodles and didn't really get what the hype was all about. I would even go as far as to say i could make it myself with some instant beef broth and noodles and beef. As long I garnished it with enough oyster sauce sriacha and lime it'd be all good..
Not here..the soup was delicious and unique. It had a unique flavor and very distinct from the many Pho's i've had in the past. The little sauce i added complemented the soup, it didn't overwhelm it like I've done in the past to cover up bland taste.
The menu there was easy to use and we could customize our pho to our liking..they even had fat-free broth and showed all of the various meats we could choose. The viet coffee was excellent although my first time trying so not really one to comment.
The spring rolls were ok but i've never had a bad one before or an extremely memorable one.
Come here for Pho if your in the philly areaMy go to pho spot in Philly. Cash only but they have an atm up front. Great food at a great price. They also have two soups that are only served on the weekend, so definitely give it a try if you have the chance!Pho! Pho! Pho! Best Pho, ever.
What can I say? I have eaten Vietnamese  food from here to Saigon and back. These guys have the best Pho. It's the broth. I don't know if it's the great tasting Philly tap or some type of secret ingredient. I've been going to this traditional Pho house for the last ten years. It's consistently delicious. My typical order is the #8 with extra brisket and glass of iced coffee w/milk. Best time to go, anytime. All non-Asians welcomed. If you're intimidated by the menu, don't worry. The helpful staff @ Pho Ha speak English and are there to assist.Not a Pho expert- only had it a handful of times- but don't know how it gets better than this.  You're seated with tea and your food within probably 90 seconds.  A large plate of bean sprouts, limes, basil, jalapenos, and some herb that looked like lettuce but tasted like cilantro, only more peppery, were immediately placed on our table.  We ordered smalls and they were enormous- I'm thinking the large would be great for two people, but how do you split a bowl of pho?  Very very good.Cheap, fast, good. All of those three.
Easy to understand menu. Efficient service. Family friendly. Satisfying pho that comes with the usual basil, bean sprouts, limes and sliced jalepenos for some extra kick. Interesting people watching as the restaurant consists of a fairly large dining room.Just got off from the airport, a friend took us here for lunch. I ordered a large size bowl of ph, and it surprised me. It was a huge bowl, compared to what i had back in Dallas. It also tasted very good. So if the menu says large, IT MEANS LARGEI ordered the shrimp and vegetable vermicelli bowl and was really disappointed. It was 90% rice noodles, a handful of grilled shrimp, and skimpy pieces of carrots and radishes. While the service was fast and very accommodating for a large group, the rush seemed to make waiters mix up orders. Also, they don't seem to be certain of ingredients in some of their menu items. I asked about the broth and wontons and they couldn't tell me if it had meat in it or not. If you are a vegetarian or pescatarian, I wouldn't advise this place. There are plenty of other Vietnamese places that offer more choices with better quality food.I quickly grew attached to this restaurant when I was first introduced to it many years ago (about ~10 years ago). I keep returning here every time I go to Philadelphia, and I always get the pho. Their $7 bowls of pho are cheap eats that are delicious and filling! The service is quick and efficient, with the pho coming out hot minutes after you order it. The noodles and meat are cooked to perfection, the beef perfectly sliced and the noodles cooked thoroughly. 
However, for some reason, I distinctly remember the food being better about 2 years ago, where the pho broth was richer and deeper in flavor. I don't know what happened, but I know it used to be better.
Regardless, I continue to go here regularly, being one of the best places in Philadelphia for pho.Used to be good but on the constant decline! The soup is so salty, the beef flank tastes like cotton! Don't recommend coming to this place anymore! I just don't understand why they are getting bad while business is good. It will be closed some day!My favorite Pho place in Philly. Super fast, super cheap, and so delicious. Vermicelli dishes and spring rolls are great, too. 
Only downside: the bathrooms are a little gross.This is probably the best pho place in Philly (actually, the second best since my mom makes the best pho =P). There are all types of pho here, so whatever meat fetish you have, you should be satisfied (pho tai, or rare beef, is my favorite). Of course there are other good viet dishes available, but this place is primarily known for their pho. You get super fast service here. I also recommend getting their summer rolls as an appetizer.This used to be my favorite to go to because they used to give huge portions of (large) pho for only $6, and I went there a month later the portion was smaller and they charged more $8-9. Which I found ridiculous. On top of that the pho didn't have the same authentic taste it used to have. I went to this place ever since I was younger with my parents, never had a complaint until now.Only pho I've had in Philadelphia, left a strong impression, returning in 3 weeks. Will return.
Great broth. Interior is nothing special, the food fortunately the best part!The soup here is great, but if you come in the winter, you'll have to add a dry cleaning bill to the price of the pho, as your coat will smell like this place for weeks. And the tea always tastes like cleaning products. Seriously. I don't think they rinse their dishes very well. But, yeah, the soup's pretty good.Pho is so delicious.  This was my first experience with pho (I know, I know, not sure how that happened).  I was in the middle of a bad cold and all I wanted to eat was soup.  Enter pho to the rescue.  I ordered the brisket with meatballs, but unfortunately the meatballs were no where to be found.  I will have to try again next time.  The small soup was huge, had plenty for lunch the next day.  I tried a few bites without any additions, and then slowly added things in to see how the flavor changed and to figure out how I like my pho.  Service is super quick, the tea they gave us was good, but a little lukewarm, and everything seemed very clean.  I can't wait to go back.No frills, flies everywhere, cash only, dirty bathroom, indifferent service, kick ass Pho.Fast, Inexpensive, No Wait and Great Pho. 
I'm not a Pho person, but this is definetely the best place to go if you are looking for Pho. It is quick, fresh, and affordable. Their meat is amazingly tendor, and very tasty with the dipping mixture of hot sauce and hoisin sauce. The noodles are made just right with its softness. 
They have many different varieties of Pho there, but none of them are a disappointment.Pho was hot and tasty there. Service was fast. Dining area is spacious. Chili sauce tasted okay not the best one I had.The ONLY Pho spot you need to know about in Philly. This place is awesome. Quick service and delicious Pho. Soup is rich and portions are just about average. When i'm in Philly, i always have to stop by here.One of the best Pho places out there..the service is always quick and fast...Pho portions are extremely large and well priced. The Vietnamese ice coffee is great too. My only gripe is one time I left my key on the table and when I came back to get it, I asked the busboy who was just cleaning the table if he had seen it, and he said "no" with a serious face..and it wasn't until I said "are you serious??" that he smiled and pulled it out of his trash bin.If the service here were more consistent, I'd give it 4 stars. But half the time, they just throw you drinks and bowls on the table and rarely do the orders match the person who ordered it.
On the bright side, the pho is authentic and they have at least 3 sizes: small, large, and extra large. 
The prices are a bit cheaper than most of the other pho places in the area as well, especially for the size (the large is larger than nearly all of the other places I've ever been to (which is a lot).
Personally, I'm not a huge fan of the broth here, though I'm a little pickier than most people are about my pho. The size/price makes up for the broth, but not much can make up for the service.Pho Ha is a cafeteria. It's not the best place to go if you are looking for charming decor or stellar waitstaff service. It's definitely the place to go if you have $6 dollars left till payday and you need a filling, delicious dinner or lunch. 
The soup is always good and recently I've been trying the rice and noodle bowls (which are all scrumptious too). Remember the soup nazi episode of Seinfeld? Pho Ha is like that... they know they're good. They know they can accept cash only (such a HASSLE) but at least there's an atm by the front door. The server will only come to your table once, so know what you want and order it as fast as you can. 
Shortcomings aside, Pho Ha is AMAZING. 
She's not the girl you bring home to ma, she's the girl you always drunkenly hook up with at the bar.By far one of the best bowls of pho you can have anywhere in philadelphia. 
Their broth is so full flavored and clean that it doesn't weigh you down as much as some other MSG laden competitors.  However, if you're looking for something to elevate your pho experience to the next level and give you a happy helping of food coma with it, definitely order the "fatty broth" and add it to your bowl of pho.  Your broth will become heavenly and rich and you'll wonder why you've never had pho like this before!
Their service is a little impersonal but fast as lightning, so you go, get your pho and bounce off to your next destination.
In terms of price, viet food was never meant to be expensive and snooty, but delicious and affordable.  A large bowl of pho will run you about 7 bucks, and is 7 bucks well spent for sure.
The one gripe is that it gets kinda busy sometimes and noisy, and you feel kinda rushed to finish your meal so they can flip the table, but you'll want to inhale this bowl of pho anyways.On weekends, this place operates so fast it's dizzying.   Dudes directing traffic to empty tables, guys racing around with crash carts cleaning up tables.  They have to, because there's always still a line out the door.
For fast, efficient service, this place is number one for delivering that  Pho lifeline into your body on those painful weekend mornings.This was my first foray into pho-dom after being told to try it for so long, and almost four months later, I'm still craving it.  I don't even remember which one I had, or know why I haven't had it again, but this was really delicious.  Also, the ambience of Pho Ha, while nothing noteworthy, was just relaxed and comfortable, just like a steaming bowl of Pho.  I need to get some more soon.I am admittedly not a pho expert, but Pho Ha is my go-to pho joint. The food and service here are both excellent given the low prices, and I've never left unsatisfied. The brisket pho is my favorite, but the vermicelli bowl is quite good as well. Always worth the trek on a cold winter day!1...2...3, Pho, 5. 
   The broth is among the best in the city, hands down. The amount of flavour that just a broth can contain, sometimes astounds me. Pardon me for jumping right into descriptions of the food, but that is really what Pho Ha is all about.  It's no frills.  It's a bit tacky. But the Pho is good enough to keep me coming back.
   Among the perils with which one will have to contend, is a woman I refer to as the dragon lady. She is very loud, and not at all friendly.  Also, one of the servers let's his children run around screaming like banshees on the moors. One does also wish that one's ears weren't served horrible asian pop music as a side dish...but alas. 
   Even with these host of indignities, I walk up to 6th and Washington regularly.  A small #1 from Pho Ha seems to right wrongs in the world, and make the most obnoxious circumstances palatable, if not amusing. There is a healing quality that resides in the mint and lime and heat and sweet.  Worth a try if your insides need warming, and one doesn't want to break the bank.I stopped in for the pho with steak and brisket.  It was cheap and filling (big bowls are only $6.50 and I couldn't finish mine).  However, the broth lacks the depth of flavor that I've had elsewhere.  It also doesn't have the great mouthfeel you get when the base for the dish is stock made with beef marrow.  Given the growing number of restaurants with pho on offer in Philly, I don't think I'll be back.
Oh, and the parking lot is crunk.I used to come here every sunday afternoon in the winter for a hot bowl of pho. The restaurant itself isn't super nice or clean, but it's decently priced (~$7.00) and pretty tasty. I opt for the large (even though I usually can't finish it) because it's a 70 cent difference between that and a small and I feel like I'm getting my money's worth that way. 
Tips: 
1) it's cash only, although they do have an ATM inside
2) I like my meat a little rarer so I ask for the thin cut beef on the side so I can throw it in the broth myself
3) stop by Bambu on your way out for dessert (located in the same strip about 4 doors down) for the complete vietnamese experience!the broth was better the second time i went, but it had a bit of an oil slick on topGreat Pho... lots of Asian people there do you know it's legit. Service is pretty weak but it's a pho joint so who cares. Very reasonable prices and great quality pho.I'm a big fan.  I think the broth is fantastically aromatic and ... oh, I just wish they delivered, somehow.  I'm cold and tired and it's all I want right now... sigh.  
They lose a star because last time I was there, the waiter shocked and insulted me more than he probably realized by saying, "its not like Chinese food, just so you know" as I silently looked over the menu while my boyfriend asked for a moment.  Oh, I'm sorry.  I was lost looking for the General Tso's, thanks.
But that was just one stupid dude, and the soup is so bloody good.  I got mine with steak, brisket, and tripe.  I think next time I'll give the ol' fatty flank a go - it's just fun to say.Really good pho but the rolls, no good.  The soup broth was really good.  Top 5 pho places for me.  They open at 9am, it's crazy.  Breakfast pho, Sunday brunch pho, or after party pho whatever...One of the better pho places I have found in the city. I used to go here 1-2 times a week. The decor is lacking, the service is minimal, the bathroom is a nightmare, and I wouldn't change a thing. well...maybe the bathroom.
I go here when I want a super satisfying bowl of Pho, skip all of the fake service BS. You walk in, and a server holds up fingers equal to the number of people in your party--you confirm with a nod. You're seated to a table with hot tea and menus. Ask for ice water or you will not get any, and an get iced milk coffee. The iced coffee is Viet iced coffee with slight chocolate notes and condensed milk (make sure to stir in the condensed milk BEFORE you pour it into your cup of ice or it will never dissolve). Your big steamy, aromatic bowl of pho arrives in about ~6min. (yes, I have timed it once just to see). I get the #2 (brisket and steak) pho, load on bean sprouts, lime, and chili garlic sauce for some heat and I'm good to go. I eat to my hearts content and don't stop until my stomach is about to rupture. 
The spring rolls and summer rolls are also good, but do not order them unless you are super duper hungry. And if you're not in the mood for noodle soup get the #32 grilled sliced pork bun. The pork is so delicious. You get some charred edges and great grill flavor, and it comes with 1 spring roll.
All in all the food is great, the prices are cheap, and I couldn't be happier. This is a great go-to dinner meal if you want something fast and tasty.
Minus one-star for using MSG.We use to eat here and the soup really good, but one day we go eat there again OMG the noodle soup is no good then we not go there any more sorry.If I could give it a negative 10 stars I would!  Lets get things straight. I've eaten here30+ times and all HAVE been fabulous, not this time! As I unwrapped my bag and slowly pulled out my items, staring back at me on the bottom of the bag was a cockroach!!!!! Needless to say I didn't eat it and called and explained why I was not eating my dinner.  They simply explained to come in for another order or my money back. I was shocked the man who answered had no reaction as if he heard this several times or understands because the kitchen is full of them. Beyond disgusted!Sadly, prices have gone up but the food hasn't changed. My favorite is the com tam ga nuong platter though I occasionally will go for one of their bun dishes as well. Cash only, atm inside. Parking is a mess on weekends.Pho is the ultimate comfort food.
For about $6 you get a huge bowl of pho with your standard pho sides (thai basil, lime, jalapeno, sprouts, etc) but I never add that stuff - for me it's good just as it is.  The broth is darker and more "spicy" here than at other places, which means a lot more flavor.  I don't mean spicy hot, just more clove and assorted other flavors comes through.  
I stick to pho basics and don't order anything too fancy, but maybe one of these days I'll branch out to something new.  The summer rolls here are also good and the service is quick and friendly, if you don't mind the no frills/eat your pho and go atmosphere.My go to place for pho when someone is willing to drive me down there. This is in my opinion the tastiest and most authentic pho in Philly. Haven't really tried anything else on the menu, but then again you don't go to a pho shop unless you're having pho...
The broth is amazingly fragrant and flavorful without being super greasy or loaded with MSG like at some other places I've tried. Portions are huge as well. I eat A LOT and can barely finish the large sometimes.Food was really great as well as the service. It was a little cold inside so thats the reason for the 4 stars but the Food was awesomeThis is my favorite spot for pho in Philly! I've tried countless number of places all over the city but Pho Ha is my go to! The broth is so rich and flavorful and the bowls also have plenty of noodles and meat. The brisket is tender. So worth the (less than) $8 for a large bowl! You can't beat that price for a meal! You'll leave satisfied as well.
Service is quick and casual. The restaurant itself isn't the cleanest, but pretty standard with other Vietnamese restaurants in the area. Utensils are all on the table along with the sauces. Pay at the counter after you finish eating.
I haven't tried anything other than the pho here, but they have a good selection of other Vietnamese dishes along with different fruit and tea beverages. Great place to go to for a quick, filling meal for a great price!I used to come here a lot growing up but got deterred by the rumors of service and cleanliness. Came back today and was pretty disappointed in the rice dish and pho. The pho broth was merky and not the typical clean pho broth. Very dissapointing. The pork chops were very sweet and hard. Not a fan. 
We left the store feeling super dehydrated because of all the MSG and salt in the food.Fabulous pho and bun.  The pho comes out streaming hot instantly.  Seriously goods eats!
The only two things to note are that it's  cash only,  and that they're aren't any vegetarian options. I had no problem ordering a regular dish and giving the meat to my husband.Good pho, but I still go to Viet Huong (11th Wash) whenever I can simply because the restaurant itself has a better feel to it and I've tried a few other options there that I trust. I went here on one of those days when i really didn't have an appetite, so this review is a bit tainted. The pho was good; however, I like the taste of a couple other places in the city a little better. The broth was definitely flavorful and didn't need to be dressed much, it was just missing something to give it the wow factor I've had a few other times. But that could've been due to my sickness that day.
 Servings are generous, so don't be like me: come with an appetite!Pho is essentially a hot noodle and meat soup and takes hours upon hours to make.  It's a time consuming process but the end result speaks for itself.  I should know; I've eaten it all my life.  So I enter any Vietnamese restaurant being slightly skeptical of their pho because frankly, I know a good bowl of pho from a bad one.  Trust me, I've had my fair share of bad pho and it's not good at all.  However, Pho Ha makes a damn tasty bowl of pho hands down.
I ordered the pho tai nam gau gan sach (steak, fatty flank, tendon and tripe - yes, tripe!).  It was delicious, comforting and filling - everything you want in a hearty bowl of pho.  A very well flavored broth adorned by copious amounts of meats makes me a very happy camper.  And at about $5 for an immense bowl, it was a friggin steal!  A little tip - if you ever encounter an expensive bowl of pho (like over $9), you're getting ripped off.  Pho is so NOT an expensive soup!  
The place is a mad house on weekends so plan on getting here either really early or really late.  They keep things relatively clean and moving.  Super fast service too.  My only gripe is that they're cash only.  Luckily, it's cheap as frick here.  The parking lot is fairly big but they're located in an extremely busy strip mall (on weekends) so that too can be a bit of a pain.
Would I come back?  Pho sure!Awesome!!! Hands down Best Pho in the city!  Only eat in.  I wouldn't get Pho to go!Best Pho in Philly!!!
Super fast service and the most delicious broth. Out of the way from china town but a must go to. Don't be confused by the 3+ other pho restaurants located in the same strip mall. Pho Ha all the way!I've been to Pho Ha once... It was good, but nothing to spread the word as a must stop in place.....
Probably the best place I've stopped in recently is Pho Saigon on Delaware Ave.... Their summer rolls are the best I've had..
Another place that recently reopened under a different name is Pho Ha Saigon... The names are similar and get confusing, but the owner here claims that he's not associated with either of the other two places above... This place in inside Oregon Market on Oregon Ave, right next to Toys are us....The Porkchop was dry. The pho was good. It's nice to have options to create your own pho.
There's easy parking. The restaurant has enough tables so no wait time.Alway looking for good pho restaurant no matter where im at :) best pho noodle in town5Yes, the restaurant and the shopping center in which it is located, or the entire neighborhood around Sixth and Washington for that matter, may not exactly impress you, but I continue to frequent this place, as I have done this evening after a nice Sunday afternoon Phillies game is that, IMHO, they make the best and the quickest pho in the entire Philly area.  I was introduced to this restaurant by a Vietnamese friend, and I have not yet been disappointed.  I would personally recommend a large #14....The ph here tastes delicious. The noodle proportion to the meat proportion evens out. The vegetables, however were skant. They didn't give much veggies and were even missing a few veggies that were necessary for a traditional ph bowl. The price was great - about $7. I'll be back! The broth tasted delicious as well.My favorite pho in the city. Always quick and their broth is delicious! Beware, they only take cash though.Pho Ha is a place you should only come for one thing and one thing only. Everything else on the menu is hit or miss, or a disaster on a plate. We practically go here every weekend so we have experimented with different orders on the menu. I am also very picky about Vietnamese food and tend to over-scrutinize it.
The spring rolls are one of those hit or miss. Some days they are fresh and tasty. And other days it looks and tastes like it had been sitting on the kitchen counter all day (the rubbery skin is a dead giveaway). I also happen to be Viet - I know what fresh spring rolls should taste and look like.
The two things going for Pho Ha are that it's BYOB, and the large bowl of pho is pretty damn good (and cheap). Ordering anything else is a crapshoot.The first time I had pho here, it was tasty and delightful. The second time, I got really sick. Maybe I just had some bad luck, but I will not be going back.Pho Ha- it named that because thats what i said once i left......HA
1 word describes this place..... SKIMPY
The menu is very weird, not a traditional vietnamese menu layout.  they only have 2 appetizers.  
My summer roll was one of the worst ive had- almost hard wrap and only 2 slices of shrimp! theres always 3!!!!  but the sauce was rlly good.  
The pho was "pretty good" but not as good as Choo choo's on Race st in chinatown.
The broth was good, they gave you lots of noodles, but the meat was SKIMPY.  
Also i went to the bathroom and the chef came in after me WITH hi chef apron on.  TAKE IT OFF.  ew.  
im dont trying new pho places.  stickin with my spot.Wandered over here after Church with some of my friends and I usually get their large house pho special but decided to try the phone beef stew. I must say it has a more veggie broth test with the hints of carrots and beefy-ness. Although, I was still hungry after eating the meal. Maybe it is because I have been more active lately or just had a weird lunch appetite that day.
For under $10, you can beat that deal for a soup/stew based dish. It did had a good amount of beef tendons, so be warn for anyone who is less adventurous. Also, this place only takes cash, so either bring alot of cash or Venmo your peeps. Will be coming back.So majestically well-priced for such delicious, comforting food. Doesn't get better. GO.After reading countless favored reviews and hearing from multiple sources that this was the best pho in the city, I thought I needed to give it a try. It was really average, and far less superior than Pho Saigon just up the street. The broth was very thin, seemed like it was a rush job.I also ordered cha gio, which was not anything to write home about. The place is definitley popular, but it doesn't get my endorsement. I still go Pho Saigon/Pho Ga Thanh Thanh if I can't score it homemade.I made the mistake of stopping in at Pho Ha over the weekend for an early lunch. I am now ruined for any other pho in town. I have to echo the praise that others have heaped on this place before me; excellent broth, generous portions, and fast service. I may have to relocate to South Philly to be closer.After a long day of sightseeing and braving the cold and frigid Winter of 2014, there's nothing like a nice bowl of pho to warm up the soul.
This place was closer to a 3.5 stars. The pho was fairly priced and quality was good enough that I would come back. What made me lean towards a 4 were the fresh sides of lime, sprouts and ample herbs, including sawtooth herb in the middle of winter.Pho is like my hangover cure. This place has a great price for a giant bowl of pho. Delicious  broth and very filling. I usually get the beef ball and brisket pho, along with an order of their Vietnamese iced coffee. Their service is also very fast and friendly. 
Overall, I would never stop coming to this place :)Not impressed at all after deciding to try this place for the first time after reading the reviews. Ive eaten hundreds of bowl of pho in NYC chinatown, nj, va, Philly chinatown and south Philly. And it was not the 'best pho in philly'. 
My two friends and I decided to try pho ha as we usually visit another vietnamese restaurant on washington and 11th. We decided to try itsince it received stellar reviews. 
We ordered our usuals..spring rolls and fried spring rolls. They were not fresh. The spring rolls were made in advance. How do I know? The vermicelli was stiff...it stiffens up when you refrigerate it. How long does it take to make to make 2 rolls? The fried ones were warmed. Like itwasjust sitting out there. Tea was cool...I wondered if it was someone's leftovers. 
Ok...I could totally overlook the appetizers if the pho was out of this world. It wasn't...so sad as i really hoped to find another pho place to frequent to change it up from my usual. The broth tasted like msg water with meat in it. There were plenty of meat and the prices were super cheap; thus,the 2 stars. Large bowl was $6.60. Absolutely no taste. I wasn't going to mask it with siracha and hoisin which I typically don't use too much of. A flavorful and deep brith wont need much of that except a squeeze of lime, few jalapeos, and bunch of Thai basil. 
Will not go back. So many good pho places in Philly. This one was a miss.BEST PHO IN THE CITY!!!! speedy service, delicious broth! Always fresh! I try to stop here at least once a weekImagine a bustling pavement cafe in on a hot and humid afternoon in downtown Hanoi. The sun is low on the horizon, the street urchins play around you and emaciated wild dogs fight for scraps of meat before the day is over. The acrid smell of burning kerosene and frying meat wafts past your nose as you wipe the sweat from your face. The chaotic noise of human chatter, two stroke engines and oriental music assaults you. You've been sent to Vietnam on a mission ... a top secret mission to track down and assassinate a rogue general.
None of this of-course happens at Pho Ha, but its as close as you can get in South Philly.
Vietnamese cuisine perfected ... most of which I wouldn't touch - I'm a little bit of a more regular guy when it comes to food. The raw meat in a boiling hot soup bowl seems to be very popular but its just not my thing so I don't get it. But those who do, tell me its better here than any place in the area. What do I get here? The roasted meats with white rice and salad and its simply great.
The Vietnamese are polite in a different way than we know - not like Indians or Chinese. its a dignified and yet humble politeness. Again I can't explain it, but this place is great. 
That's all you need to know.
Plenty of parking out front but the locals drive crazy and its a popular strip mall so you might need to do a couple of circuits before you park.The Pho experience: quick, cheap, and under fluorescent lights.  This is the best fast food you will ever have. Beef broth with noodles and various cuts of beef, a plate of Thai basil, a lime wedge, and sprouts. Add all the fixings. A healthy spoonful of red peppers, a few jalapeno. 
Grab your chopsticks and spoon, and go to town. One of the best cheap meals in the city. For that, this place is one of the best in town.So Good.  Their portions are incredible and the broth is amazing.  It's a no frill pho place that you can't go wrong with.  I haven't tried any of their other dishes besides pho though.I go here all the time and the Pho is always good and so is everything else I have ate at this place. Great service also and the prices are great.You might give this 4 stars but I'm hard to please.  I don'T CARE FOR chicken skin and gristle in my pho. If you do, you will love this place. This review is being written as we sit in the restaurant.  We're waiting for our check and  still have not been served the spring and vegetable rolls  that we ordered when we sat down.  I will say, they have lightening fast bad service.  About three minutes after we ordered, the dishes arrived.  The vermicelli with pork and prawn was there.  Of course the prawns were smaller than a callous and about as meaty.  They did give you 2!  The pork was plentiful and plenty fatty and offered a hearty portion of gristle.  The noodles were filled.  They were chilled and salad was wilted. Big dish, but poor quality.  There are too many better places, don't bother.
The  chicken pho was served with plenty of chicken.  Loaded with skin, dark meat, gristle and fat.  It sure makes a strong broth!!!  If you like your pho this way-this may be your spot.  We also ordered a pho with brisket.  Plenty of beef, of course it was stringy and tough, but no one can say they didn't give you plenty.
We ordered a pork chop with a fried egg.  No fried egg came with the pork chop. We mentioned it and they quickly responded, "Oh, it's not there.".  They didn't ignore you, they just didn't bring it.  
Upon paying I brought these things to the attention of the cashier. They were very nice.  They asked if I would like the apps and fried egg to go.  I suggested considering we were done eating, we would pass on that gracious offer.  They also asked if I would like them to take it off the bill.  I responded, they could go with whatever they usually do.  Do they often charge people for the food they don't serve? My server approached the cashier, and wondered why I complained.  As he said, "Well, I didn't charge you for the apps or the egg, so I forgot." 
Of course, I shouldn't complain.  My server was very busy.  It was mid afternoon.  The place was mobbed with three tables and he was eating his lunch along with a few other waiters.   How could they possibly wait on our table!
I would never eat pho here.  Poor quality, poor service and totally disinterested in their patrons.I convulse in anticipation every time someone mentions the idea of going to Pho Ha. I've had pho at a few other places in the city and the suburbs, but nothing has compared to my experience here. Each time I go I get a little more adventurous, trying new flavor combinations, spice levels, and sides. I found the summer rolls to be quite delicious and very refreshing. 
I'm still not brave enough to try tendon or tripe, but I'm quite content with the brisket and steak combination I've gotten the last few times. The service here is very quick. The only downfall I faced was the lack of water refills, but the flavor of everything else still bumps it up to 5 stars for me.If you like Vietnamese Pho this is the spot to go around Philadelphia.  I have been here only two times, but each time was enjoyable.  The service is about the fastest I have seen in any restaurant - there are multiple staff members that meet your eyes as soon as you hit the door and get you seated immediately.  The time from order to food-on-table was equally fast!  As far as the food goes,well... I haven't had anything besides the pho, but I'll tell ya, it is DELICIOUS!!!  Great broth, lots of noodles, sliced beef and fresh basil, bean sprouts, jalapeno and lime wedge.  Get the small, unless you're very hungry, because more than likely you won't finish the large. I highly recommed Pho Ha (especially if you're a little buzzed).This place is solid. Typical Asians love our food quick, hot, fast, and best of all , authentic as shit. I can't stand pho places that cater to the upper class and forget about the little guy. From the minute you order your bowl if pho should be out waiting for you in no more than 45 seconds...seriously. The broth is rich and flavorful while the noodles are just right. Not too stiff or lumpy. Best of all the beef completes it all. I've been to many pho joints and this is up there. They lose a star because their restrooms look dirty as hell.I had a great bowl of beef pho here with some summer rolls. The service is quick and efficient. Comparing the pho at Pho Ha to my other favorite down the street, Pho 75, I think I prefer Pho 75. My bowl at Pho Ha didn't have as much meat and I prefer the broth at Pho 75. That being said, Pho Ha is still great and serves more than just pho and allows you to customize your own bowl of pho with the types of meats you want.