wait was long but it was new years day. the pho GA was good, the beef could have been better... a primary dish that should speak for the restaurant, did not perform. Service was horrible... asked for ice coffee 3 times from three different employees and still never got our ice coffee. we somehow managed to get two cokes for the price of one. ! 
ADVICE: Know what you want before you order cause you will not get a second chance to order anything else! 
Pgo GA broth was delish though....Best pho around. Pho 75 wishes their broth had this much depth. If you have an ironic mustache and like to pretend you knew everything first, eat at 75. If you're a normal, functioning member of society that has the ability to make up your own mind, head to Saigon. All steak phos and the bun bo hue are awesome. This is one of the best yelp reviews ever.The place usually fills up by noon time with a long wait. So get there early if you don't want to wait. Service is spotty, somehow they seem to forget you after they gave you the menu and tea. Twice now we have to get their attention before someone stop by to take our orders. 
But if you let the service put you off, then you miss out on some good pho. The chicken pho is very good. I always have the dark meat with skin on which is much more flavorful than the white meat. The ben bo hue is excellent, not too spicy but enough to make you sweat a little. Big chunk of pigs feet! The mix beef pho was also very good with lots of meat and flavorful broth. 
After a bowl of that yummy pho, you can go shopping at the mall or better yet go home and take a nap. 
Lots of parking, so that is a plus.This is one of the spots in philly I enjoy on a regular basis because the food is great, big menu, and the service is fast as lightning. Yeah its a little bit out of the way but if I were to go anywhere else in the city Id have to take an uber/lyft or pay for parking, but seeing as how it is  not in center city FREE PARKING. The pho is great. I really cant knock it. I had their flan and I didnt know it was a coffee flavored flan so that knocked socks off me in a good way. Overall this is a great spot for pho if youre willing to drive to it.Fabulous.  
I'm a long-time adherent to Pho Hoa, but the soup here is just a little bit better: the beef broth is a tad more toothsome, the bean sprouts are slightly snappier; and the noodles are just more slurpable.  If only it wasn't tucked in a strip mall on Columbus and within walking distance of my house!Pho Saigon is the closest Pho Joint to my house and I have adopted it with open arms.  They do a really nice job, the restaurant itself is clean and contemporary, the service is efficient and to the point (as with most pho joints... These folks don't mess around....) And I always go with number 70, and the broth is tasty and makes me sufficiently sleepy when I get home.  My boyfriend likes it spicy and goes with #44 and always leaves a sweaty mess.  They have more parking that all the chaos on Washington Ave or in China town.  Spring rolls are great too! The TV's always have the games on too.  Can't go wrong with Pho Saigon!Overall, Pho Saigon is a an affordable Vietnemese restaurant with all the traditional things you will love. It does not really step outside of the realms of the run of the mill vietnemese restaurants; however, you will get quick service with high quality food at an affordable price. 
The FAPS Breakdown:
Food Quality - The food was pretty spectacular for the price. I ordered the Com Tam Thit Nuong Dac Biet (Broken Rice Combo: Charbroiled Pork, Shredded Pork, Egg Quiche & Omele) and my buddy got the same thing but the pork chop. Both were excellent. The pork was well seasoned and grilled and had a lot of flavor. The egg quiche had some vermicelli noodles in the inside which gave it a weird look, but it was pretty bomb. The "omelet" is just a fried egg over the rice, great side but dont expect a mom and pops ole fashioned omelet at this vietnemese restaurant.... you should probably go to a diner for that. 
Ambiance - Big open space great for casual lunch/dinner with a small or big group. The restaurant is a little out of the way from the main hussle and bussle of philadelphia. Its located at a strip mall by the water front so you will have easy parking. There are usually a decent amount of people here although I wouldnt expect a line. 
Price - $-$$ seemed appropriate for this restaurant. Had some solid entrees at a good price and we were pleasantly surprised by the great price for the food. 
Service - Classic Vietnamese restaurant, they wont spend any time for idle chit chat, youre here to eat and they are there to help you accomplish that goal. Food arrived quickly after ordering and the waiters were very attentive.Fresh 
Delicious
Phos good
Better than pho 75
If it matters. I'm part Viet and have traveled to Vietnam just to taste their pho so I can return to tell you how close pho Saigon comes to Vietnam's pho but falls just short. This restaurant deserves no less than four stars. F the service. F the location. F whatever. I'm here for food damn it and its good here. 
This is the word on the street. 
By
Viet BoyOne of my favorite Pho spots to go to.  The place is clean, parking is convenient, and the food is pretty good too.  I especially love their beef stew pho.  The stewed beef just melts in your mouth, it is so tender and yummy.This was our go to Pho place for two years until we moved.  Service is quick, food is great and it's priced right.  The summer roles are awesome too.  I could drink the peanut sauce alone.All I have to say is I am addicted to Pho.  #70 Small...3rd time this week!It is a great, fast service, large quantity place!  Summer rolls and pho are great. Broken rice dishes very good. Bathrooms are updated and clean. Love it for a fast place to eat good lunch. Not too fancy but great.If i can, i would like to give negative  stars for this place. Came here with my family today, really bad service. We waited for long time to get order ( few employees just stand there and talk ) and we had to wave at them couple times to get their attention for asking glass of water ( i was sure they saw and ignored us ). Ohhh And we finally got our water after we finished our foods.  The foods were an oki , not impressed. Not recommended to anyone and never come back again.I was feeling a little under weather so I was craving a nice bowl of pho.  We quickly found parking in their huge lot (yay!) & walked in.  This place is deceptively large -- I thought it would be a small little pho spot.  Once we walked in, it was packed with people which was def a good sign.  It feels like an Asian cafeteria in there -- bustling with talk & good food, very casual.  The counter is also packed with fresh fruits.
We had the #60 & 61 with an extra side of meat.  I had the small but I would def get the large next time or extra noodles.  The broth was just right & def soothed the cold-like symptoms I had caught over the weekend.
Looking around the other tables, there were many people ordering dishes besides pho & they looked absolutely amazing -- def need to come back and try them out.  Also, the smoothie machine was churning non stop the whole time -- another must try for me when I return.Light and quick vietnamese food. I think this place makes the best banh coun (rice noodle wrap with ground pork and black eared mushrooms). The pho is good too. The service here is fast. Get you in and out. lol. I like an easy place to eat at sometimes and this is my to go place for great quick vietnamese food.so much cleaner than other pho' places. Quick and courteus service too. Broth isn't overpowering either. Also easy/free parking & did I mention it's next to a beer dist.?!This is my go-to spot in Philadelphia for a good bowl of pho.  I go for the pho tai chin and it hits the spot every time. The broth is tasty, the bowls huge (even the small) and overall the place comes across as clean.  I docked a star for the springrolls which I don't love (maybe they're too thick? but they always come across as a bit mushy, or maybe I'm spoiled by the place I go to in Cherry Hill - seriously! - that has DELICIOUS spring rolls.).  The summer rolls are tasty though.  I do still have to make it to some of the other pho places, but I find it comparable to Pho Ha, only without having to question whether I'm going to get food poisoning.  And the service is good too! Win.My boyfriend and I love Pho and try out many places. This place was not bad but it was not anything special. The flavor if their soups is a little bland for it being a soup place. It is always crowded. Staff is attentive. The place smells very strongly if their cleaning products. Parking is easy.I thought I really had a good spot for Pho and any noodle dish that fit my fancy but I was pleasantly surprised by this place.  Came here for lunch with a colleague and the food, service and atmosphere was great.  Number 49 beef noodle dish with lettuce and fish sauce.. YUM very tasty and SUPER QUICK service.  Have been back about 5 times since. Brilliant every time!Finally, a place I can go to besides Pho Ga Thanh Thanh Cafe.  I would rank this second to them but the pho is very good here. There is a bigger menu and I mixed it up by ordering the Bun Bo Hue which was decent. I am a pho and BBH fanatic so.. for Philly Vietnamese food standards, this place is definitely 5 stars. BF's pho broth was superbly balanced and my BBH was overflowing with meat that super hit the spot. I wish the broth was hotter (it has to be boiling hot for me!) and the bf swears it usually is the other times that he's been here. I loved my vietnamese iced coffee which tasted like coffee ice cream to me. We also ventured out and tried the durian smoothie which was super delicious if you can tolerate durian. I wish I could take my parents from Cali here to try that smoothie. The service is really good and despite the exciting world cup game on the huge flat screen TVs the waiters were very attentive.
Spacious and super clean place. It was a nice happy crowd enjoying the world cup game over some noodle soup.This is my usual pho restaurant. I will usually pay extra for the "rare meat"/sliced steak as opposed to the typical sliced flank, & I always order it uncooked/on the side, as opposed to it already cooking/well done in the soup. If I'm feeling particularly fat, then I'll also ask for a small bowl of "oiled onions/scallions"(not sure of the English translation of it) to fatten up my bowl of steak pho! :D
The only reason that I did not give this (or most other Asian restaurants) the full five stars is because of the MSG that's used in most Asian restaurants. If I can ever find a restaurants that cooks like my parents (no MSG), then I will consider giving it five stars.I've had Pho many places and this is still one of my favs, my wife can be a little picky but always gives this place 5 stars. There fixings are the best.Yay! I'm a fan. Great pho!!!! Definitely must try if you haven't done so and are now craving a hot bowl of soup with delicious broth! Yum... =) It's served hot (temperature-wise) and flavorful. A perfect dinner for a cold night in the winter.
(side note: Other places give boring peppermint candy, but this place has something else.  I noticed they had dum dums lollipops near the cashier free for customers of course. I like dum dums. Another thing I like about this place.)we used to come here a lot but lately service has been pretty crap. i ordered a to-go and they forgot to add in the vegetables and the other meal was missing all the seafood and stuff that was suppose to go into the soup. So i called them to let them know and all she said was "oh... okay sorry, bye" haha... like, ok?- can i come get the rest of the meal i paid for? no? 
but food is pretty tasty! just dont get to go's i guess!Pho-king awesome. The beef is fresh, the noodles are soft, the broth doesn't taste salty. Adding hoisin and sriracha sauce takes it to the next level. The restaurant is clean and is much bigger than what it appears from the outside and could fit large groups. The service is also super fast.This is one of our top Vietnamese spots with  authentic food and friendly service.  I'm really not use to having both!  We come here  often and there is sometimes a wait but they get you in pretty fast.  I just hate waiting but when the food is that good....I'd wait the few mins! 
Last time we came we ordered the bun bo hue and my daughter had the pho with meat ball and fish ball.  It may sound weird but the fish ball is so tasty...I don't know why they don't carry it everywhere. What's up with that?!!  
This time the meal was pretty good but we found ourselves adding all the extra sauces.  Most time we come here we really never had to....maybe it was an off day.  The waiters are so attentive and friendly that I will definitely be heading back sometimes soon.  The food is always solid so I know it will be worth it to come back.Dined here twice so far.  Got a standard grilled pork rice dish.  Pretty good, I think I still prefer Nam Phoungs.  On my latest trip here I decided to try the pho.  I ordered a large with raw eye of round on the side, they brought out a small, no big deal it still filled me up.  The broth tasted a little bland and came out hot, not boiling hot like how Pho should be served regardless of how hot it is outside.  As soon as I added the bean sprouts, herbs and beef, the broth cooled considerably.  
Definitely wont be ordering pho here again.  ill stick with Pho HaAs long as I stick to my usually PHO GA, i'm good. not a fan of noodles so I always ask for half the normal portion size of the noodles that comes with pho. 
The ambience is like an average pho joint. Come here for a quick bowl of goody.Nice place, great parking, food was amazing pho had a good portion of beef and broth.I usually go to Nam Phung but parking in that plaza requires a miracle on Sundays, and so I came to Pho Saigon. The portions are bigger. I believe their smaller bowl is almost equivalent to other pho places' large bowl. The broth had too much cilantro that covered its true taste, so it makes me think they put MSG. 
I have to say the service was super fast and we were attended to right away and received our food within 10 minutes. The price and potions are great! I would come back here again if I were in a hurry and hungry!One of the best pho places i've tried in Philadelphia.  Great value, amazing flavors, and fresh vegetables.I didn't know I was getting sub-par meat in my pho until I came here and tasted how it's supposed to be.  Now I'm spoiled.
Definitely in my top 3 pho destinations.  Why?  Tons of meat, noodles, and fixings, to the point that you have to be really careful not to spill as you mix up your perfect bowl.  Fresh, flavorful ingredients that leave you at or near food nirvana when you finally stop inhaling whatever's in front of you.  Quick, pleasant service and great prices.  Sure, it's a little further away than most of the pho places in the city, but it's totally worth the trip.This place has the authentic pho. The food is really delicious and the price is not expensive. Highly recommended if you want to try Vietnam food~The worst Vietnamese place I've been to in Philadelphia.  I stopped by recently and ordered a seafood pho (soup) to go. 
When I arrived home, I realized they had given me soup, noodles and a four miniscule pieces of seafood.  For that they charged me $12.  
I then called the restaurant and spoke to the Manager, he admitted they over-charged me but did not offer to compensate for the food in any way...nor refund what they overcharged me.
To add insult to injury (along with poor customer service and a terrible business), the food was AWEFUL!   Avoid this place.  There are much better places on Washington, just up the street.Love this place, the pho is so tasty, it comes out very fast and its so cheap!Love it! Cleanest pho restaurant in S. Philly, best broth. Broken rice is awesome, and they have bubble tea , taro is my favorite! Also I saw them making an avocado shake, I will try it next time I'm there!!I love to go to Pho saigon. The restaurant is always well prepared and clean. The workers are really kind. And, I think the prices are reasonable. Foods are clean and delicious:-) My favorite is the no.60!I've never even bothered to look at this place twice, but after eating there today, I'm pretty sure I'm a believer! I ordered a pho tai, & the pho broth was clean & tasted great before I added any sauces into it. I hate when the pho is so steaming hot that you can't even taste the soup without burning your tongue, but this was not the case. The pho was at the perfect temperature not too hot, not too cold. The noodle to meat ratio was also dead on. The staff was attentive, & were speedy with their service.  I will definitely be coming back here! This had to be one of the quickest, most filling & yummy lunches yet.I order pork chop pho and they charge me for the price of a regular pho $8.50 and a side order of pork chop for $4 extra dollars. Wtf? No other pho restaurant does that. It should be a regular pho price, like if I order seafood pho or beef pho etc.The only place I go to for Pho in Philly. Service is ok but food is good. $10 minimum if you use your card.I used to love this place. Till the horrible happened. We got to Pho Saigon at 9AM on Saturday. Staff was still setting up and lagging. After we placed our order, I found a bug and killed it on my chinese zodiac table setting...Yes all restaurants have bugs and it didn't bother me at first. Then we got all our food at an orderly time and as we're eating there is a cockroach crawling on our table. The only thing I could think was where did this cockroach come from. My food? Under the table? From the ceiling? HMM shucks. Well that just ruined my appetite.........BEST PHO' EVER!! Need I say more?? NO other Pho' location beats the Pho' here. They are not CHEAP, they give you PLENTY of meat, noodles for a good price. On top of this, it's even very tasty. I try to come here when i'm in the mood for pho. I always leave with a satisfied, full stomach.This is probably the best pho place in Philly. Their pho broth is always deep in flavor, pho noodles are cooked right, they provide the right amount of pho and meat to broth and it's always a tasty experience. Other than pho they serve up numerous of traditional Vietnamese dishes like goi cuon, com suon, bun thit nuong, hu tieu, banh xeo and plenty of desserts; Che. The place is overall clean and the big windows bring in plenty of light. It's conveniently located in a shopping center with plenty of parking slots. The servers are always friendly. My go-to spot for pho in Philly. So why the 3 stars? It simply isn't better than my mom's! Haha! 
For the ultimate pho experience set up a small dish provided by the chopsticks and spoons and fill it with half hoisin and half sriracha sauce, either dip your meat in the sauce or use your chopsticks to pick up sauce and smear it on the spoonful of pho noodles, meats and herbs then consume!Stopped here for lunch while in the area on a cold Monday afternoon and loved it! 
My experience with pho has, in general, been rather limited. But it's now solidly fixed as one of my all-time favorite foods.  
This place is in a strip mall, but don't let that scare you away. The dining area is generous (so good for groups) and pleasantly minimal in its decor (sparse without feeling like a cafeteria) and the staff was courteous and prompt, and patient when dealing with our indecisive table.  
I ordered the "small" version of the Pho Bo (beef), which turned out to be quite a large serving. I walked in starving and sadly could not finish my bowl. And I felt healthy in stuffing myself full of this pho - the meat was identifiable and not scary, the broth robust and the various add-ins were fresh, crisp. The condiment selection on the table was key - I was able to personalize the spiciness of my dish with range of chilli sauces. And they were continually refilling the condiment containers. An attention to detail that I appreciate. 
I was very impressed with Pho Saigon and very much looking forward to my next visit.The parking lot and the clean, high ceiling dining room make this place a clear favorite for my pho fix. The broken rice dishes were good as well. Vietnamese coffee is the cherry on top.
However, I don't understand the dipping sauce for the summer rolls. I'm used to my traditional peanut sauce with Sriracha! :(I love this place! The food is so good, the service is great, and the staff is super nice. I can't say enough good things about this place! If you are look for authentic Vietnamese pho you can't go wrong with them! There summer rolls are the best around!This is my spot for authentic pho and Vietnamese food. My family always go to Pho Saigon whenever we want a decent and authentic bowl of pho. The broth is very flavorful. Other dishes on the menu is fair game. You will not disappointed when you eat here. 
The poace can get very busy during peak hours and on the weekends but the wait is never longer than 10 minutes. The servers are veryquick, friendly and accomodating. As for the drinks, I love their smoothies especially avocado and durian (you either hate it or love it with Durian). They have the best Vietnamese iced coffee in South Philly! The flavor is strong but you can still taste the sweetness afterward. If you are advenurous and want to give it a modern twist, add jelly to the drink :)
I never had any negative experiences here and this place will remain my go-to spot for pho and other vietnamese dishes. I would recommend this place to anyone cause it's that good!!This used to be the BEST Vietnamese noodle place around the area! I've been coming here for almost 5years now, the price for a large bowl of noodle was less than 7 dollars then. There's been SEVERAL price increases but that didn't stop me from coming here because their noodle was worth every penny I spend. Unfortunately today will be my last time patronizing this place. I paid 11 dollars for what I ordered but on the menu it says 10.10? Maybe it's because today was a holiday? They also cut back on the meat too, now you get about half of what they used to serve. I understand the price increases due to higher expenses and all but why increase on price and decrease on proportion? This place is no longer worth my 25 minute drive anymore.The food here is mediocre. It's not great nor is it bad, it's about average . Fast service and great place to eat if you want to be in and out.OMG is this place the bomb. Feel in love with their pho.  Their eggrolls could of been better.  There spring roll was good but I will be back just for their yummy pho. The wait staff is a hit or miss. Sometimes you get someone great than other times you get someone who hates their job but all in all it's their pho that will have me coming back for more.Absolutely amazing soup base.  Make sure you taste it before you add anything.  It is evident that they take time and effort to create a poetic base for phoMy go to pho place since coming to Philly.  Generous portions, good hours.  Just be careful late nights on wkends but they can run out of soup!!  Cash only unless over $10 which isn't an issue if you also get their super delicious avocado smoothie to lessen the spiciness when you add too much sriracha or their vietnamese coffee with condensed milkehcih surpasses anything Starbucks or La Colombe can come up with.Since Pho Saigon has become my favorite, go to pho place since my last review, I thought it was time for an update!
The service here is still really casual, and even a bit rushed during peak hours (think Sunday afternoons), but they are generally helpful and attentive. They always return right away with extra limes when I ask for them. I just dislike it when a waiter hands me a steaming bowl of pho from across the table, instead of walking around to set it in front of me. (I start crying when the water I wash my dishes with gets a little too hot, so I don't think I'd be able to handle a hot, heavy bowl of soup).
Their pho is glorious. Compared to every other pho place that I've ever been to, Pho Saigon is the most consistent. Not once have I ever disliked the quality of the noodles, the meat, or the broth. For this, I will come back again and again.As much as I love pho, I strongly suggest not getting your pho to go, as I learned the hard way. They put the both in one container and everything else in another...something about bloody noodles really diminishes the appetite.Good little pho spot off of Columbus in south philly. They offer up other items but have only tried heir pho so far which was delicious. It's distinguished by a slightly more ginger flavor in the broth than other pho places around the city. The restaurant was clean and the service was good but the pricing was higher while the food quality remained comparable to other restaurants of its type.My husband and I went here a few months ago.  The parking is convenient, and the food comes out FAST!  They're ready to seat you as soon as your toe reaches the restaurant's threshold. Staff is friendly. I had a mango smoothie, vermicelli noodles and shrimp, and I don't remember what my husband had.  The food was okay.  Although I work in the area, and the food is affordable, I don't think that I'll come back because the food wasn't as good as I hoped it would be.Ah, it's hard to go wrong with pho and this place is no exception! Our server was attentive and our food came out quickly. The restaurant was decently packed by not overflowing with people; we came for brunch/lunch hour. A great bowl of pho for a great price! Will be back again.
Note: $15 minimum, bring cash.Theee best seafood rice noodle pho ever!!! Broth is light with major flavor and the rice noodle was perfectly cook and with the combination of herbs and spices makes me became a huge fan of Pho Saigon!!! I will be back soon to this place to order my number 34 again! Love, love, love!I was first introduced to this place and to pho altogether by a co-worker and I haven't even bothered to try anywhere else because I don't want to be disappointed, this place is that good.  Never seen food served quicker, pho broth is delicious with a very generous amount of noodles and meat (I don't think you need anything more than the small portion) and the BBQ pork summer rolls are amazing (I've even just popped in once to take a couple orders of them home).  Ventured away from pho for luch once and again was not disappointed, pork and rice platter comes with a very generous helping of very tasty pork and enough rice to go with it.  Servers are always very friendly, seat you mediately, and there are always so many of them working each day that it never takes long to get your order taken and brought out to you.  Love it hereI've been here several times, and the food quality has been different each time. The restaurant has an overall grimy appearance, and it's a crap shoot on how good your pho and spring rolls will be. The staff, however, is generally attentive and friendly.These guys know their Pho!  The broth is perfect on a cold winter day and the waitstaff, as others have commented, acknowledge you immediately upon entering and are very helpful in explaining the differences between items on the menus.  Definite addition to the, "let's go back list"  Bonus package store next door!It was ok.  It is definitely cute and wins hands down on ambiance compared to my phavorite pho spot, Pho Ha, but when you're looking for a $6 bowl of soup, ambiance isn't high on the list of priorities.
I'm happy to see a new pho place out there.. I don't think that many people know about it, myself included until about a year ago.  It just didn't have the "authentic" feel to it.  Our waiter clearly has spent more time in South Philly than Vietnam, by addressing my boyfriend as "Yo, my man."  He also messed up our order. 
The pork rolls were ok, the meat was overcooked but the flavor was decent.  The pho had good flavor, but had a noticeable layer of grease floating on the top.  A squeeze of lime helped cut through the fat, and it tasted good, but just seeing it there was a bit off putting.  
Overall it was decent and has potential, but Pho Ha has already my heart as my go to pho spot.I loooooooove their grilled chicken with rice platter. There is no bone in the chicken, just how I like it. The fish sauce is just PERFECT. I found the pho to be average as any other places. The coffee was OK. Ever since experiencing coffee at Cafe Saigon in Adam's Ave Plaza, I've been pretty picky. 
The service is not bad. They don't come up to you and ask if there's anything else you need (Asian restaurants usually don't), but if you needed anything, they were quick to respond.Great Pho.  Nothing like a big hot bowl in the winter.  I like this place because the food is good and the parking is easy.Very good pho. Good price.
Service was slow and not friendly.
Will come back with lower expectations.This is my goto place for pho and vermicelli. It is located on Columbus and is one of the few places in the city with dedicated and free parking spots.
The pho soup is clear, tasty and not overly salty.  You can ask for some extra veggies and they bring it out quickly.  
My goto is the vermicilli bowl, a giant bowl of noodles with pork, egg roll, and some pickled veggies.
Another bonus is that there is a beer store next door and since this is is BYOB, you can have a gourmet microbrew with your pho!Good portions :) I usually don't finish my pho (or ramen or pulled noodles), or I would feel overstuffed. But the small was just right, finished, felt satisfied, and we would have had room for dessert (we forgone it).
The decoration is sparse but it's very spacious. The attendants provide quick service/are attentive but don't hover (I appreciate this). The soup was a bit too salty for my tastes, but very flavorful. 
My friends both ordered #59, the pho with boneless chicken, and raved about the chicken. 
The bathroom is spacious and clean
The manager was very personable.I wanted to stretch my legs after being snowed in and left home in search of food and beer.  Instead of going to my usual Vietnamese place, I tried Pho Saigon since I was at the distributor next door.  I ordered the chicken vermicelli with a spring roll.  The only good thing I can is that the vermicelli is very good.  The spring roll was burnt and greasy.  I took one bite and threw it out.  The chicken came with the skin on, which I don't prefer.  I would have been willing to overlook it, but like the spring roll, it was also very greasy.  I might give this place another shot to try out the pho, but otherwise I won't be back.The restaurant bore a typical name but it's truly a gem to find in Philadelphia. Being from California, I'd like to think I'm quite adept at judging the quality of a pho bowl. Pho Saigon's broth is light but flavorful and the noodles are cooked just right, not overly done. The only qualm I have is that the soup needs to be hotter. One of the fun thing about eating pho on a cold day is the scorching hot soup that you blow on to cool it, but it'll still burn your tongue. 
Moreover, Pho Saigon also offers a wide variety of Vietnamese dishes: broken rice, vermicelli, egg noodles, etc. I've had most of the broken rice dishes and love it. It is flavorful yet not overpowering. The Bun Bo Hue tasted pretty authentic too. The portion given here definitely is more than enough to fill you. 
Additionally, if you've never had Vietnamese smoothies then the Avocado and Durian are a must! A bit on the expensive side (4.80) but it'll keep you coming back for more. A good smoothie needs to be made with real fruit and creamy as a finished product. If it's icy and tastes like powder then you know it's crappy.
On a final note, I just wanted to commend the waiters on their great services! At least one waiter will greet and take note of you the moment you walk in; never an awkward moment standing there looking lost. I appreciate how attentive they are to all your dining needs. What's amazing is that they're fluent in Vietnamese and English! They are capable of explaining the dish's elements in English to English-speaking patrons. I've rarely seen any Vietnamese restaurants able to offer this! 
Thank you Pho Saigon for giving me a bit that homely taste.The wait staff doesn't speak English so i was not surprised that my order was wrong. Order exactly as it is written on the menu, or your order will be wrong. The pho was just ok.Placed an order through phone. The person had a hard time understanding English. I got there and picked up my order. I got to work to find out it was a wrong order. I called and let them know that it was the wrong order. I'll never give this place business again!!I tried this place on a fluke. I was down Delaware ave at the Masquerade store and I was starving. I no longer eat fast food and that is what you typically find down delaware ave or the heavier foods llike champs or famous daves.  I must say, the food was excellent. It was filling (i couldnt finish and im not a slim girl) and so fresh.  I enjoyed thai and taro teas. oh and the sugar cane wrapped with shrimp was awesome.  when eating out i like to be adventurous. i never had tripe and i said, what the hell, ill go for it. oh i wasnt disappointed. the tripe, the tendons so tender and yummy. Oh and the beef balls...mmm mmm.  the price is so right. you can fill up your belly on $8 which is about the same price as greasy mcdonalds double quarter pounder meal.  Pho is the way to go.Thought this was the best Pho in Philly but turn out to be one the worst Pho in the area. Why???? Because the soup flavor was so salty that I didn't add hoisin sauce in and still couldn't eat it.I would suggest that you there for the food, but not the service- food is really good but service is poor. 
I'm not gonna judge for forgetting a drink or a utensil (which they did), but apparently when you ask for a meat to be over cooked, it is a really difficult task for the waiter to tell the cook. He rolls his eyes and gave an attitude.
I guess they take orders and cook your meals now a days.By far my favorite Pho spot in Philly. I go at least once a week and order the rare steak pho... Amazeballs!! They have 2 spicy siracha type options which rocks my world and the sides are always fresh... The service is great and of course it's super affordable and you DONT have to use cash. Highly recommended !!Good go to place on a damp and rainy day. The food is always consistent here. Nem nuong cuon, mi ga, and pho tai are our stable. We hardly get anything else from here. I highly recommend the Vietnamese iced coffee. It's absolutely delicious. Sometimes, it might be a bit too strong .. but diluting it with a little bit of water and it's good to go.This is the only Pho place I have gone to in Philadelphia, but the food is comparable to the Pho I grew accustomed to in Vegas. Great service, reasonable prices. Order the Chicken special!
The take-out is a great option. The restaurant does not skimp on ingredients as I find many others do when preparing food that will not be eaten inside there restaurant.This is probably my new favorite pho spot in south philly. I spotted it while on my commute to work and I finally made it over. The place is very busy during lunch on a week day, which I take as a good sign for having good food and being clean. I was right in both accounts.
The service was straightforward and prompt. No frills but I like it that way. The broth was hearty and the food was very good. They also take cards which is a huge plus for me.Their pho is awesome!  I have also had the best pork chops I have had there.  
People from Philly will like the #69..steak pho.
If you have not had pho...your missing outI have been on an every other Monday Vietnamese lunch kick lately with my wife. We have now been to Pho Saigon the last two times in a row. The BBQ pork bowl is ridiculously good. I had Pho the first time in, and it was also amazing. There are several other places we have tried, but this place has a great menu, great prices, and is easy to get in and out of the parking lot. Some of the Washington Ave. places are tough with the parking situation at lunch. We also got take-out recently from Le Viet, which is a different experience, but my #1 choice now for Vietnamese lunch in Pho Saigon. And you MUST get the shrimp and pork summer roll. Amazing!Our meal here literally came out 3 minutes after ordering. That is plain impressive. The pho was tasty, but I didnt like the pho ga as well as I have in other Philly Vietnamese restaurants so I docked one star. Everything else on the menu was pretty standard and the prices were more than fair. The portions were also very sizable. The service is quick and curt, and the restaurant was almost up to full capacity on this friday afternoon. Despite the double doors out front there were still flies inside, so that also made me dock one star.Pros:
-Big portions
- Lots of meat!
- fast service
Cons:
- a bit salty/high msg
- gets you sleepy so you will end up taking a long nap after. 
overall: one of the better pho places in philly. just make sure you don't have anything planned after because you will knock out.Absolutely the most disgusting experience ever in a Vietnamese restaurant.  "Perhaps Chicken" served with copious still greasy skin as "grilled".  All dark meat and tendons.  STAY AWAY!  5 or 6 really good Vietnamese choices just 5 blocks west on Washington.Dear Pho Saigon,
After being your customer for plenty of years and now a transplant of NYC; I'm happy to say that you are the best Pho ever!  I miss youThe 4 stars is only for the pho. It's pretty good here and I have to say that I was a bit skeptical. Why? Well, because I had actually been here before and ordered their vermicelli dish (and my friend had a rice dish). We were both underwhelmed. 
But another friend recommended this place for pho and I agree with others here. It's pretty good. The broth is excellent.Pho is the perfect hangover food. And Pho Saigon never disappoints. I know there are a million pho places along Washington Ave but I've never strayed from Pho Saigon. 
The restaurant is bright, roomy and clean and it's also BYO. There's a beer store next door with a great selection so you can make a variety 6pack before chowing down on a tasty bowl of soup. 
When I go into to the restaurant, I always get the pho with rare steak. Today I ordered delivery because getting off of my couch was not an option. Believe it or not, delivery pho is legit. I ordered the white meat chicken pho, broken rice with BBQ pork and a Thai milk bubble tea. Everything was delicious! The BBQ pork was tender and flavorful and the rice was sticky and perfectly cooked. The pho came with everything you'd get in the restaurant. The piping hot soup came in its own container, on the side was the white meat chicken, noodles, fresh herbs and veggies, bean sprouts, limes, jalapeños, and a side of chili oil and hoisin sauce (I requested the sauces, I don't know if it typically is included). I put the soup together to my liking and it was still very hot by the time I was finished preparing it and honestly just as good as in the restaurant... or maybe I was just happy to have the pho and be on my couch at the same time. 
It was also a nice sized portion. I didn't even get through half of the soup before I was full. 
Definitely recommend coming here to get your pho fix!I've wanted to come to this location for two years.  I love Pho and I could not wait to taste how this location stacks up to the other Vietnamese restaurants on nearby Washington Ave.  I was not disappointed.  Once I walked in, I noticed that this is the nicest location that I have ever eaten pho.  Yes, this store is located in a strip mall, but the decor is nice.  
After placing my order, the pho came out five minutes later, piping hot, and in the huge bowl that is typical of pho restaurants.  The broth of the pho was delicious! There was ample amount of beef and noodles.  I also ordered a French iced coffee with condensed milk.  The coffee was okay, but I've had better.  I was impressed with the wait staff.  Our server was excellent.  He even took time out to make small conversation.
I would be remiss if I did not mention that this store is in a strip mall with FREE parking.  This is a rarity in Philly.newer place thats pretty clean. plenty of parking and the pho is ok.  Ive had better (pho 75, pho ha) but i guess the pros out way the cons.  One think that bugged me was the $15 minimum for credit card use.  I was a couple dollars short so i was forced to order something extra.Pho was good, nothing amazing, but good, solid pho. The bean sprout/basil plate had an additional thing on it, long flat leaves. Sawgrass? It was good in the soup. Could use more lime slices, though.
The spring rolls were mushy on the inside, but tasted ok.
Decent place, clean, spartan decor, the lights could have been not so bright.I love Pho, it's one of my favorite things in the world, it's simple and filling and good on a cold day or after the gym. It was kind of hard for me to go here because my main place for pho is Pho Ha and I felt like I was cheating. The space is really nice and everything came very fast. I got the beef, brisket, and flank. I also got a side of tendon. The tendon was a little chewier than I am used to but it was still great, nice texture. The pho itself was awesome, just what I wanted. The bowls are a bit bigger than at Pho Ha and there is a TV which is nice and I guess the biggest difference is that this place takes CCs and Pho Ha is all cash. As usual it's a BYO, I am glad that I have added this place to my pho rotation and it is definitely a quality place to check out if you are interested.My girlfriend and I eat Pho on a regular basis and I really enjoy this place.  The service is just alright but the food is consistently good including the non-Pho items.  I wouldn't say it is any better or worse than the other Pho places in the city but it's the closest to me so I end up here 9 times out of 10.  It's also a BYOB.Come early. To grab a parking spot. Especially on the weekends. Afternoon, you're just SOL. 
This spot has good Pho and Viet cuisine.This has become my new Pho spot. After going to Pho Hoa for many years, my last experience there was just bad. I noticed a new staff, so I wonder if the ownership has changed. 
Regardless, a friend of ours recommended that we try this place out... and we were surprised about how fantastic this place is. The pho is delicious (just as good as the old Pho Hoa before it went down hill) and Pho Saigon is very new and clean. Sometimes, cleanliness can be an issue at Asian restaurants, so I am delighted that this place is kept very clean. 
My husband and I have been making a little trip out of it. We go to Pho Saigon for dinner and then drive over to the Monster Pets to look at puppies... He's some how able to drag me out of the store without buying a pup. 
Overall, I give this place 4 stars for the best Pho in Philly and for cleanliness. It's also located in a shopping center with free parking, so that's also a nice little perk as well.In love with this place. Everything is just so good. Give this place a try. All their noodles are really good, but I love love love the bun bo hue with extra satay sauce on the side. Also, their Pho broth is amazing. Noodles are never overcooked and the give a good portion of meats and noodles. Veggies are always fresh and never brown and wilted. So glad they opened up. I go like once a week here.I've been to Pho Saigon numerous times and always enjoyed my bowl of Pho- I especially like that they offer an oxtail option. So, I was surprised with my bowl last night. The flavor was off and the amount of meat was skimpy. When we opened the menu and saw that the prices went up more than $2, my friend suggested we go someplace else. We should have. Don't waste your money or time here, when you can drive less than 5 minutes and have better options.The pho here is fantastic and the broth is just SO flavorful.  I usually dump all kinds of sauces into the pho, but the broth was so good that I didn't want to pollute it.  The only issue I had was that the noodles were a bit clumpy.  
On a rainy Monday evening this place was pretty packed, but I was still able to get a table right away.  The service was friendly and I got a lot water refills and the food came out really fast.Our usual place for pho, pretty good pho and they give plenty of meats, pho, etc.  We always order pho and spring rolls every visit. This time I decided to switch up and try the rice with grilled pork, patty, and fried egg. Well seasoned grilled pork and overall pretty good. My highlight from the trip is seeing Eagles Hall of Farmer Brian Dawkins eating at the table behind me. Should have taken a photo but wanted to give him privacy so he can enjoy his pho.I've been coming to this place for years and the quality hasn't changed. You can get a great bowl of pho here. Their vietnamese coffee is good, it's not too creamy and sweet like some places. I usually get their summer rolls and pho with meatballs and brisket. Beef bbq rice dish is also deliciousGreat Vietnamese spot on Columbus BLVD, located in a shopping plaza right next to Ruby Buffet and Masquerade. Here, you can experience great Vietnamese cuisine even if you don't speak Vietnamese fluently. I noticed that a lot of diners were American and that the waiters spoke English too. So everyone is welcomed here! 
The Pho broth is really good, I ordered the original special pho. My only complaint is that the broth wasn't steaming hot. But this is a personal preference because I like my soups to be extremely hot and my cold foods freezing. 
In addition, the restaurant does have to-go foods available at the counter. So if you don't have time to sit and dine, you can take out or grab something fast.FOOD = overpriced and they skimp out on the meats. But, it tastes just like as good as any other Vietnamese place. 
SERVICE = good service. It seems like this place is over staffed because there was a line of 6 guys (the waiters), who stood in front of the cash register and just watched my party and I eating the entire time. Other than that awkward tension, the service is good.Awesome, friendly staff. Good eats. Inexpensive. All around, great Pho.Pho Saigon is located east of Washington Ave in Pennsport, so it takes a few minutes off of the main "Little Vietnam" strip.  But it is well worth the minuscule inconvenience from your grocery shopping.  It is located in the same strip mall as the big Party Planning store, so parking is plenty (although packed during Saturday and Sunday brunch hours).  
I've sampled MANY Vietnamese restaurants in the Philly area and generally rate my meal experience on their Pho.  Best andd freshest pho I've had here!  Even my husband, who generally orders the noodles and rice dishes thought it was the best he has had.  They know how to simmer their broth, and it helps that they have a popular following.  The decor is minimal, but restaurant is clean and seems to always be hopping.  Waiters are quick and efficient, as is the delivery of the food.  Seriously, 5 minutes after ordering we got our food...skeptical at how fresh it was until we ate it!  Crowd is diverse - young, old, hipsters, couples, families, singles. Finally found my go-to Vietnamese restaurant!Ate here this afternoon with a friend and we both enjoyed the steak pho and vegetable spring rolls.Pho ga or chicken pho.  What about it?  It's authentic here.  It should have a light color, the pilsner to the bock of pho bo.  It should taste of the lighter coriander instead of anise and clove.  It comes with chopped chicken with the bone, a by product of making the stock with only whole stewing hens.  The chicken meat robust and slightly chewy.
If your Pho shop doesn't meet the required needs above for Pho gà, what other items might not be authentic?My favorite pick me up place of all time in Philadelphia.
Yes this place beats out all the other pho places including choo choos (unofficial name of another Vietnamese restaurant in Chinatown) FOR their PHO dishes.
I have had many pho places when I travel but every time I come here I never get disappointed. Again PHO only.
Customer service: fast, consisting of an all male fleet of servers. Extremely nice and willing to please.
TV: big LCD screens to watch your sports on.  
Drink choices: Thai ice tea, want bubbles? No problem.
Other dishes I recommend if you are not getting PHO: pork chop and broken rice.... Delicious!!!BBQ Beef on broken rice....  seasoned pretty well with great rice, but the meat was cheap, fatty and a bit overcooked.  Sauce had a weird aftertaste.  Boyfriend's meat looked weird. Ended up tossing a nearly full  take-out container out with only a few bites of beef edible from the many bones. Still might have tried again for a different dish if I didn't end up throwing up a few hours later.  Not sure what happened, but I'll stick to some better spots with portions that don't make feel cheated, then nauseated.We have seated on the corner by the wall..suddenly there were tiny roaches climb the wall next to me..Damn it!!!
My husband took tissue,killed that bug and threw it on the floor...ohhhh its just made me mad because this place is my fav spot..I asked my husband to tell the waiter but he said its fine and he said "they are asian..we are asian..do you think they will care??
My wise hubby said every place has roaches and rodent doesn't matter you see it or not..as long as is not on the food..
But its too cold outside and we are starving..we end up finishing the food! 
Damn it why I have to see that...arrrggghhhI have no idea how this place is rated so high.   The food quality is not good at all.  The waiting staff was unresponsive and not knowledgeable about the menu. The best way to describe the staff there was that they came across as lazy and bothered to do their job.  
Don't waste your time here.  Go to either Pho 75 or Nam Phuong which are both in the same shopping center on Washington Street between 11th and 12th street. Both places are far superior than this place.
Two thumbs down here!Probably the city's best Vietnamese restaurant. 
For under $8.00 you will have a delicious bowl of beef noodle soup with all the fixings.
I like mine extra spicy so they always give me extra Jalapenos and extra Sriracha. 
This review is simple, and to the point. Their food is always good and incredibly priced!
Enjoy!I always go to this restaurant whenever I'm in South Philly. But now it's a disappointment. Idk if the chef is different or there is a new owner; but the waiters are all different. Their service is rude and bad. I ask for a bowl of pho with no onions and scallions. The waiter said "naked pho?" I reply "yes." He wrote it down. Then, he replied "boring pho" with an attitude. First, IDC if it is a joke or not, I'm a customer and you don't know me to joke. Second, he brought out a bowl of pho with onions and scallions. I didn't want to make a scene so I removed it from my bowl of pho. He look directly at me since he stood right next to my table and instead of apologize he never said nothing. Also, the bowl of pho was extremely salty even after I put in many vegetables and squeezed lime in it. Never once he came by to ask "do you need more water, or are you ok." This pho need to step up on their services and do some cleaning because the spoons were dirty.My boyfriend and I went here about 3-5 times a month when it first opened.  He loved the pho there and I thought it was ok (Pho 75 & Nam Phoung are better in my opinion) but we went because it was convenient; finally, there was a pho place where you didn't have to suffer through hunting for a coveted parking spot!
The service here is a bit better than most pho places; which really just means they aren't rude. One server specifically is always very friendly to us because we used to go so often.
One perk is that they are always playing pro and college games on the TV's there so we don't miss anything while out. (This is usually a big reason we don't go out to eat -- we can't miss our sports!)
The summer rolls are pretty good but the sauce isn't thick enough for my personal taste.
As for the pho, the portions are probably the biggest of almost any pho place I've been (if you get the large) which is great if you're hungry.
We haven't been there much lately because:
1) The quality has gone down: the noodles are now always over-cooked and mushy and the broth has an odd taste to it now
2) They have mixed up our orders the past 3-4 times we've been there.  One or both of us has ended up with something we didn't order, though it is pho, so we eat it anyway (not a big deal but the frequency is a bit concerning)
3) Portions of their rice dishes aren't as big as other Vietnamese places
We'll still go out of convenience, but that's only if we are feeling lazy or are meeting people where this would be a convenient spot to meet at.Soups are amazing and the rolls are fresh! You get a lot of food for cheap. Will def go back!Pho Saigon is my favorite Pho spot.  I always get the same order.  A Large Bowl of "Pho with Chicken" with all white meat.  I highly recommend it.A perfectly respectable pho and vietnamese food joint, but nothing spectacular.  Prices are nice and reasonable, food comes out super fast. My pho was good, the broth was nice, not too salty. I always check pho broth before I put anything else in it, and their's is solid. My fried spring rolls were not very good. The filling was mushy and just smelled a little odd. 
The place has no ambiance, it's just big, shiny, has two big tv's, and bright lights. But when you eat pho, you should go for the food, so who really cares. They also do not have pho bo kho on the menu, which was quite disappointing. But if you can't make your way down to the other spots on Washington Ave, this one is a decent choice.Went there for the first time on Sunday. The wait staff is really helpful, and professional. The portions are on par with every other Pho place :-)Five stars not because of outstanding pho but very good pho, consistent, easy parking, clean environment and pretty good service. What more can you ask for?Best place ever! Love coming here. The food is great, the price is cheap, and the employees are friendly.I am really an advocate for Pho and I was really looking forward to coming to this place, we were seated right away and given our menus to look over. We started off with Summer Rolls which were very fresh and delicious, both my girlfriend and I ordered Vermicelli Bowels, I had the one with the BBQ Pork and Spring Roll, and she had the BBQ Chicken with a Spring Roll. The food was very good, very fresh and delicious. This place is cool because there is a beer store right next door, and what better way to enjoy a time out with pho, but add a six pack from the craft beer store next door, that being said BYOB! I really would like to come back and try the Pho next time and bring a sixpack with me to enjoy with the delicious foods! Lastly, everything that I read on that menu was under 10$, where else can you go and get great authentic pho for under 10$, prices like these bring people coming back for more.Wth happened to this place?! This used to be my go to pho place for many years. Stopped coming here a year ago because I had an awful experience (broth tasted like water, prices went up). Decided to give it another try tonight for old times sake and immediately regretted it as I walked in the door. 6:30pm on a Saturday night, there was only 6 tables seated. The prices went up even more than I remembered. No one should ever pay more than $8 for a bowl of pho. Prices were high as $11-12 for a bowl. I'm not opposed to sending money on good food so I thought since the prices went up, maybe they used better ingredients or something. Nope, broth tasted like cinnamon soup and it was just awful. I can see they cut corners on everything that we ordered. (Peanut sauce for Summer roll was like water) NEVER AGAIN. If you're looking for good pho, check out pho 75 on 11th and Washington.This place is my go-to spot for pho. They have great service and great pho. They have delicious spring rolls. The pork chops are awesome. The place has a large seating area. Plus, they are in a shopping plaza so there is plenty of free parking! A must-try!My favorite pho in the city! The service is speedy and efficient, serving sizes are huge. The broth is flavorful and very clear. I usually get the white meat chicken, which is always tender and moist. The Vietnamese coffee is perfectly creamy, chocolatey, and sweet. Pho is the best meal for sickness, cold days, and hangovers. The curing soup!I think i could go here every day for lunch if left to my own devices.
What's not to like
-avail parking
-great food
-and easy to get to from i95Great Pho soup.  Service is always fast and courteous.  You are always seated immediately and food comes out in minutes.  Quality of the soup is always great.  I have been there many times and always enjoyed the food.Good alternative to Pho Ha. See http://www.thrillist.com/philadelphia/pho-saigon.
We went on a Thursday afternoon and the place was packed. The Pho was unremarkable - meaning that it was yummy delicious Pho and nothing more. The restaurant itself is much nicer than your standard Pho joint - nice floors, a huge TV, and no loud bus cart that you cant hear yourself think over (Pho Ha).
I recommend the place as another Pho Joint; a nice alternative when you want some pho, but want some style and class as well.
Note: they have bubble drinks and stuff like Pho Hoa.I stopped here while waiting for my car at Pep Boys and was very pleasantly surprised. The food was delicious and the service was among the most efficient I have seen in the city.My first time trying Vietnamese food and I was not disappointed. I got the chicken pho. It was very good and after adding the lime and other garnishes the taste was complex and just delicious. I'm the type of person who needs variety in my food, whether it's eating many different things on one plate or eating something with many different flavors. This did the trick. I will be coming back here. I also got the Thai bubble tea which was great. Two thumbs up!OMG still great!! I think that their soup has tasted better in 2011 and stayed great into 2012. I actually might think they have taken the top spot for Pho in Philly, in my humble opinion of course.Friendly fresh and flavorful. Im here 3-4 times a week. Pho is on point. Fresh basil and sprouts. Spicy jalapinos. Portions large enough to share but who wants to ? Tender chicken flavorful broth. Large and small portions. Always friendly service. Unique drinks. Tasty lemonadeI spotted Pho Saigon driving on Columbus a week after its grand opening.  Flavor wise it is very good, nothing outstanding compared to other Vietnamese restaurants in South Philly but not anything less either.  
Pho Saigon does set itself apart however, thanks to its slightly luxurious interior.  Most pho restaurants in South Philly are casual but this place had a bit of class to it.  
The menu still lacks a bit compared to other joints in the area.   Highly recommended if you're looking for a cheap lunch with a nicer touch of interior view.Come here all the time when I am in Philly! Great spring rolls, pho and Viet coffee. Only complaint would be the weird thing about going up to pay rather having them give you the check. I'm just not use to it. But that's okay, the food here is cheap and authentic!!! That is the main thing!Ate here nov 28 at around 5:30. We are almost done with the foods and finishing up the spring roll when a cockroach came out from the cabbages.... i was wondering if they get insect control services or if they wash their vegetables before putting it on the plate if so why is there a live cockroach underneath the used cabbages..  
i will never ever go back in this place again.I have mixed feelings about this place. First, by my own mistake, I did not order Pho due to hesitancy of having lack luster experiences. I ordered the bbq pork chop broken rice. The meal was good, but nothing great. It also came with a quiche which I have no clue what was it in. Def not your standard quiche. The server did not assist much with the menu so it left us quite clueless on what to order. My boyfriend loved the brown/black sauce located at all the tables. We also received a cup of broth, which was extremely salty and left an awful after taste in your mouth.I love this place because the Pho tastes amazing and the service is very quick! I've never had a bad meal here.I've had many bowls of good bowls of Pho in the past, living only 15 minutes away from Little Saigon back in southern California and unfortunately, the quality of this Pho was nowhere near the same. I usually just use the hoisin sauce to dip my meat into but at Pho Saigon I had to squeeze a generous amount of it into my broth. There was no flavor whatsoever!! I'm never the type to do that but I had no other choice. A flavorful broth is key to a satisfying bowl of soup! The other people I ate with ordered Bun Bo Hue and they both agreed that it was lackluster as well. 
I had high hopes for this place as it appeared to be a very authentic Vietnamese restaurant! Sadly, I've come to realize that often times east coast Viet food is no match for what I can get back at home :( The search continues for a decent bowl of Pho!Do yourself a favor and go eat here if you are looking for vietnamese food. You won't regret the decision one bit! I usually order #60 on the menu, which is beef with flanaI've been to many pho places and never thought one would surpass my former love, Pho Ha. To my surprise, Pho Saigon is pulling at my heart strings. Change is GOOD! It's appearance has never reeled me in, and I'm disappointed I haven't tried it out sooner.
The second I walked in, I was encapsulated by an aroma that was a delicious assault on my olfactory bulbs. "Damn that smells good!" I thought to myself. It was a pretty busy Sunday afternoon, and the place was filled with mostly Vietnamese patrons. (Definitely a good sign).
The broth here is extremely flavorful; no MSG=no insatiable thirst and no MSG-induced, post-pho coma. The meats are bountiful and are of high quality, very tasty. The chili garlic sauce isn't quite spicy enough, but if you shovel enough in, you'll reach the level of heat that you're seeking.
The service is typical pho service. Not very personable, but they get the job done, and they get it done in fast--not unlike a pit crew. It's the fastest food since....fast food, only it is a gazillion times higher quality.
Bonus: The place itself is one of the cleanest Vietnamese restaurants I've been to, to date. *applause*
Unbonus: They have a $15 min. for credit cards...and no atm.So i've been here a few times already.  I've had their pho and broken rice platter (my usual dishes when I go to vietnamese restaurants).  The pho is not bad, broth tasted good, I've had bad pho before so this is good, no complaints there.  As far as the broken rice platter, I liked it too, pork was flavorful.  I do like their vietnamese coffee, order it hot in the winter, very tasty and strong.
There's a wait on the one sunday I came here, I've never had to wait for pho before.  Well, first time for everything.  
As far as service, ehh, you're at a vietnamese restaurant (order, eat, get out).  Hunger satisfied = mission accomplishedWe moved into Center City in August and we can walk to many Vietnamese restaurants. We are in search of a truly great Vietnamese place as our go-to for a weeknight dinner.
We went to Pho Saigon last night. We ordered a chicken and noodle dish that included a spring roll; pork rolls; and Pho. The Pho was nearly flavorless, the chicken dish was bland, and the pork spring rolls had a rice wrapper that was so tough we had to yank it from our clenched teeth to take a bite. But that was okay, because we didn't want a second bite after tasting the first. The "pork" was a small hot dog cut in half. Really nasty.
The peanut sauce was tasty, though.
We will never go there again. Can't figure out what the fuss is about with this place.Very impressed with the quality of food. Plenty of Vietnamese places in the city and their pho tai is fantastic. Anyone who knows anything about Pho knows it's all in the broth. We also had the pork chop over broken rice which was very good but the pho is why you go!I didn't even know how to pronounce Pho until my teenaged son kept going on and on about it. So, I did what everyone in my shoes would have done, I googled it.  All I saw was meat, meat, meat.... but he said, they make it without meat also, just have to ask for it. Well, the broth is beef, so there's that. Whelp, I said what the heck and asked Siri for the closes Pho restaurant. As you may have guessed, that was a disaster. (you try it and see what you come up with). 
Anywho, I found Pho Saigon and opted for them because of their free parking. I drove out of center city to get there. The servers were very nice to me and when I asked if I could get Pho with tofu, in a very polite way, he said, "you know the broth is made from beef." I nodded yes and he suggested something to me. Plain pho. In advance of the hot bowl of goodness came a huge plate of bean sprouts, basil  and a bowl of what I gather was fish sauce. There was a huge rack of fixings, so back to google I go to figure out HOW to eat pho.
As I waited for my soup, I read up on the rules. 1) taste the broth 1st  before dumping in all the crap on the table 2) eat it with both spoon and chopsticks (NOT) 3) pick up the bowl to finish (NOT) . Either way, I enjoyed it to the utmost!
The service was good and my server was very friendly and polite. I'd read that I should expect crappy service by American standards, but he was such a sweetie!!!!  (Stupid generalizations). The food was yummy and I will try it again, but next time, I have to bring my son, he was none too please that I'd gone without him. The small bowl was $6!!! I'm still floored by that!.The Pho's broth flavor was off. Not as good as what I thought it was according to the other reviews. I loved their fast service and waiting time was not so bad for a vietnamese restaurant. Parking was plentiful.I've eaten at this place a FEW times and although the food is typically pretty good, the decor is sorely lacking. It...doesn't necessarily appear to be the cleanest either. I'd like opt for Mekong River which is right around the corner, and it's cleaner and nicer with food that's just as good.This is one of my favorite pho places in south Philly!! The flavored are wonderful and even the rice dishes are amazing! Just not too fond of their other noodle dishes but regardless pho is fantastic hereI used to hate pho until I came here. Throughout my first couple years of college, I was dragged to different pho places around the city. Then I finally came to this place, absolutely loved it, and never went anywhere else! Pho Saigon is also the go-to place to cure hangovers. I don't know how, but it always works. I have taken my pho-naïve friends here many times the morning after a night of drinking.
I get the same thing every time: pho with rare steak. It comes with a lot of steak even with the regular size. The orders come out quickly, and the servers are great.Been to 5 or 6 different pho shops in Philly, and this is the place I keep coming back to again and again. Never had anything but the pho, but every time it's been delicious. Unlike most other shops the noodles don't come in a solid, sticky clump - they are separated and perfectly cooked. It's becoming a once a week thing for me. One of the reasons to love Philly.I am absolutely in love with this place!  My boyfriend and I were on a hunt to find some good Pho and we found this place on Google.  I kid you not, ever since our first experience we've been regulars.  The service is beyond speedy, you walk in, you're immediately seated and your food arrives to your table within 10 minutes.  The portions are huge and the prices are surprisingly cheap.  We walk in and order two #59's and an order of spring rolls and its like $22, you can't beat that for the amount of food they give you.  I literally crave this spot on a weekly basis!  I'm used to driving in Philly so I wouldn't consider it "out of the way," on top of the fact that there is a huge FREE parking lot available to you.  Inside is clean and the people are friendly!  If you want some good food for the low I highly recommend this Pho spot.This place has top notch pho, but what gives it five stars for me is their clean and pleasant decor. They have a nice juice bar with fresh fruit. I always order the salty lemon or salty plum soda drink (hint: for the adventurous type).
They also have a good selection of other Vietnamese items, which are very decent (though I usually stick with the pho, I've tried some off of my girlfriend's plate).
Prices are very reasonable, though slightly higher than your more down-to-earth pho places. Staff here are friendly; good service. $15 credit card minimum.
And I just love the fact it's right off the highway, perfect for dropping by for a quick bite.Eat here at least once per week at lunchtime.  Place can get quite busy at lunch so get there early.  Summer rolls are awesome.  I dip it in the fish sauce with siracha sauce. I usually order number 35 or 31 ( pho with chicken or pork and shrimp). The small size is sufficient.  I also order number 75 (BBQ pork chops). 
Staff is friendly and diligent.   Very polite and courteous.  Owner is personable greets me every time I visit.  Service is always super fast.Came here with a friend of mine. He is the self proclaimed expert on Pho (well, he is after all Vietnamese). 
This place is fairly new but still puts out a great traditional product. 
Had the vinegar onions and beef on the side. Broth is so tasty that I almost finished the heaping bowl. Even my friend was surprised about how much of the broth was left after I was done with it. You should know that traditionally, no one ever finishes the broth. It's an afterthought to the vermicelli and beef contents of Pho. 
Flavor is whats its all about here. I've frequented many (perhaps I should say many, many other) Pho joints in Philly, but this one is now my favorite.I love this place! It's the bomb.com I tell you! Talk about great Vietnamese foods :) Of course,  my mother can cook better because everyone knows that you can only get AUTHENTIC Vietnamese Food at a Vietnamese person's household cooked by a Vietnamese person who pours their heart into it!! BUT this is almost the closest you can get to it :) The service here is good. They don't stare and whisper to one another while you're eating.. the atmosphere is very laid back. It's ALL ABOUT THE FOOD, man. Oh yeah, trust, you won't catch only Asians there. It's always a MIXED crowd.. pretty awesome blossom !This place is great. Me and girlfriend go here a couple times a month. The food is delicious. Service is fast and friendly. The atmosphere is very laid back and casual. It has steadily gotten more busy over the last year or so. But as I stated earlier, this is balanced by more waiters and faster service. The Pho is out of this world, tender meat, tasty broth. The prices are moderate, very comparable with places in chinatown, actually cheaper. This is comfort food at its finest, YOU WILL BE FULL.We've been to many of the top-rated Vietnamese spots in Philly.  This has become our new favorite - the broth in the Pho is just excellent.  It's VERY flavorful and has a wonderful mouth-feel - even before you add culantro leaves (different from cilantro), a squeeze of lime and just a touch of sriracha. 
The vermicelli dishes are excellent also, especially the one's with braised beef or bbq pork.  It's also very close to I-95, and so easier to get to from outside the city, without the additional drive into S. Philly.Pho done right! The pho broth here is amazing. Not to oily and lots of flavor. I also loved how they didn't short change me on the beef leaving a good beef to noodle ratio. The the spring rolls were average, I've had better. Finally, the French iced coffee with condensed milk was excellent. The best I've had in recent memory. Service was good, but it took us some time to place an order mainly because we were seated in the front of the restaurant (the wait staff tended to congregate toward the back). I will definitely be back again.I never like to go back here and eat again because they changed the size and portion of their bowls! They add very little meat for my order, the vegetables aren't heated when we tell them to, and they forget orders so quickly like a simple glass of water or extra meat that comes out when I finish my bowl! This place is not how it used to be when it first opened!No matter how good pho is I refuse to pay $8.50. That's ridiculous. I've never seen such expensive pho in my life . Don't get me wrong they have decent pho but for 9$? And 11$ for chicken pho! I'll pass. I don't understand how the price could have jumped 2$ in the span of 2 months. Hope they know they've lost a customer.Pho was ok, not the best around but easy parking.This was my favorite place to get pho until one day we discovered a cockroach running around on the table in the sauce tray. I have not been back since.This is the best Pho around! The flavor of the broth is amazing. I've going to this place for many years now and it never disappointed me. Service is not always great but it is definitely fast.Wow I was pleasantly surprised of the how delicious the food was here. I haven't had much luck with Vietnamese food in pa. The service was efficient and the server was very nice. They didn't look at the ceiling while taking your order like most places around here. I dabbled between pho and rice while here and both were quite good. I'm not sure what'll I get next time but I will be back for sure.This is my favorite place to go for Pho in South Philly. It's a nice, clean restaurant with quick service.
Food: Their spring rolls are good.
My bf and I both ordered a large Pho Tai...I believe its #31 on the menu. Vegetables are fresh, noodle and meat ratio are good, and the broth is very tasty without adding any sauces into it.
I love their fruit shakes since they use real fruit! Avocado smoothie all the way! Mango is pretty good as well. I haven't tried any of their other kinds yet but definitely will the next time I go back.
Service: Quick. You order, they give your food, and pay at the register whenever your done eating.
Cost: About $7-10/person.Last year, their size large/small bowl of Pho were pretty much the same size except for the price. Recently, they've downscaled the sizes. A large bowl today is the same as a small before, and a small bowl is more like an extra small to me. The main problem I have with their Pho is that 99% of the time, I'd get a major headache an hour after eating their food. This usually occur when there are too much MSG involved.... their Pho taste better than most of other places in the city but definitely not worth the headache for me.4.5 stars!
Pho Ha used to be my go-to for Pho...but I think Pho Saigon may be the new winner!
-big portions
-cheap
-fast service
-plenty of parking
-AND DELICIOUS
It can be a bit crowded and loud at times--but I guess that's a sign of a good restuarant! Overall, a great place for a satisfying and affordable meal whether you're grabbing a quick bite alone or bringing in a hungry group of friends.How have I not written a review about Pho Saigon yet?!  
We only discovered Pho Saigon a few months ago, and have been back five or six times since.  Pho Saigon has got this whole Pho thing down to a science.  
You walk in, and within 5-10 minutes (depending on how fast you order) you will be served a piping hot, ginormous bowl of pho.  I'm not even kidding.  It's that fast.  
Dave and I order the same thing every time, and I don't see changing this any time soon:  The BBQ Pork Spring Rolls and a #69 Pho- Well Done Brisket with Rare Beef.  
The BBQ Pork Spring Rolls are so good and come with the most amazing peanut sauce.  I could drink this stuff!
Now onto the Pho- the #69 is the best.  You order the rare beef on the side.  It comes on a separate plate- raw.  You put it into your soup just before you're going to eat it.  The hot broth cooks the beef in a minute or two.  WOW!  Don't forget to drown your broth with the giant bottle of hoisin sauce and Sriracha.I go looking for pho often while out on the road ...his is a place I will go back to when I the philly area ! Fast friendly service and tasty yummy food as well !!My favorite place to get my pho fix. Like the usual, pho is cheap, tasty, filling. I always get the one with all kinds of meat. Their vermicelli noodle bowls also as good. Like, pho, I always get the one with more variety of things in it.
If you're not a fan of any of their noodle dish, worry not, there's always broken rice. And yes, I always get the one with more things in it. I don't discriminate on my meats / veggies.
Parking: easy. Interior: clean. Lots of lightning (just throwing this info out there for those picky Asian parents, who dislike dark/dimmed restaurants; like mine). Service: friendly. AMEX $20 minimum. Other cards $15 minimum.
Add Durian Smoothies after some delicious pho. Life is ... durian. :)A lot better pho than my previous favorite, Pho Ha.  The broth is much better and it didn't leave me thirsty hours after eating it like other place where they load up with MSG.Ample parking. Pho is great. One of my top places for Pho in south philly.ehhhhhh.
went with my roomie for dinner around 6PM. the place was pretty busy, but not packed.  
my roommate and i shared and order of spring rolls. and i ordered the pho #60.  
the spring rolls were dry...like they were out for a long time. the ends were...no good. I just kinda ended up eating from one end, ate the middle, and just left the other end. my roommate said she had them before and they were not like this. shame. 
the pho was okay. the soup was good but the noodle almost seemed over cooked.  I like extra limes in my pho, but the limes were dry so i had to use like 5-6 of those tiny things to get the flavor i wanted.  
one good thing i noticed was that they do not water down the hoisen sauce like other pho restaurants.  the sauce is very thick.I haven't been there over one year. Chicken Pho is good as usual.I love this place! It is my go to place to get Pho and Vietnamese food. I usually get chicken pho, bone in, or and an appetizer, either the shrimp cane or veg spring rolls. Compared to a lot of pho places, they are not stingy on the bean sprouts and garnishes, which I love to load onto my bowl and are always fresh - makes a big difference in my opinion. I barely add any sauce as I think the broth is flavorful enough. The place in general is clean and comfortable and there's always a table available even when it may seem packed.This seems to be a destination within the Vietnamese community in Philadelphia. I ordered a bowl of Pho with steak and meatballs which was huge and also arrived within moments of us ordering. It was pretty good compared to other Pho I have had in the past. We split some spring roles which were also tasty. I was most amazed by the efficiency of the staff and how quickly our food was prepared and delivered to us and was very fresh and tasty.Let me say that this was the first time I had proper "Pho", so obviously I have nothing to compare it to. I ordered the one with lean beef and beef meatballs. It was extremely tasty! Probably one of the best bowls of soup I ever had. I also got the Pennywort drink which was green, strange, and refreshing. We split an order of BBQ pork rolls which were also very tasty, though a bit difficult to chew.  I also thought the restaurant was very clean and orderly. A great experience and easy parking, too!Best Pho-King Vietnamese soup in town. Get the fizzy lime soda too. I go for the Pho Tai Chin, number 69 soup, lean rare steak and well done brisket. The service is friendly, fast, and pho-nomenal. It's always busy at dinner, no reservation needed, and satisfies my protein-noodle-hydration fix, all in one bowl, when I need it.What the Phó!! This place is out of the way of the rest of Vietnamese restaurants but it can hold its own against any of them.
Service is great and the phó has great flavor. Keep going out of my way to get to it.It's really the best Pho restaurant in Philly. Once or twice a week I visit here.
Meats are so fresh and other vegetables too. They serve foods very quickly. So you don't need to wait for food if you have already be seated.Really solid pho, my wife ordered the pho oxtail, which came with quite a bit of tasty ox tails.  The broth is wonderful and they serve all the condiments you would like.  I ordered the shrimp pho, which was also great.  The dish that impressed me the most was their grilled beef.  Their beef reminds me a lot of Korean short ribs.  The beef was very flavorful, I do wish they offered more alcoholic drinks, but other than that a solid place for pho.  A benefit of this place a decent amount of parking, always something to consider when in downtown Philly.  To give you an idea, most downtown garages are over $15 dollars for over 2 hours of parking.  They are numerous street parking spots for 2 to 3 hours, but if you are on  vacation who wants to think about moving your car every two to three hours.  It's very easy to see how the city of Philadelphia was able to make a parking show, it is one of the worst, I have ever experienced.Brand-new pho place on the corner of Columbus Blvd and Washington Ave, right next to Halloween Masquerade.  
Like Ryan S. said, this place is rock-solid, and a groovy alternative to Pho Hoa on 11th.  I went on a Wednesday afternoon and it was hopping, with a largely Asian customer-base (always a good sign!).  
The pho tai was tasty, their cafe sua nong was fine, and their BBQ pork summer rolls rocked the house.  Really, really good.
The place is comfortable, the service is friendly, and the bathrooms are immaculate and new.  
I will be choosing this place over the other pho places up the street because of the super-tasty food, but also: super-convenient parking.  Woot!
Note: They take plastic, but only if you're charging more than $15.  Plan accordingly.Chicken pho is pretty bland, would recommend steak, the beef broth is more flavorful.As of so far, I think that this has been my lowest rated bowl of pho. The interior design itself is your typical Vietnamese pho restaurant feel. The servers do the standard expected service. However, the quality of pho here, relatively in comparison to what I've had, is not all that great. The texture of the noodles was on the soft side and it seemed to have a sort of slimy coating on it. Most of the fat brisket in my bowl were tough and very difficult to chew. The broth was half decent but not clean tasting. Overall, I would definitely prefer to go to the many other pho options that are available around this area.Pho Saigon is my favorite pho restaurant in Philadelphia located in a strip mall off Columbus next to a Beer and Halloween store. As far as pho goes I like the brisket and rare steak pho, the brisket definitely gives the broth a richer color and flavor while not overly fatty. Other highlights of the restaurant are the broken rice and vermicelli with pork chops, char broiled pork, spring rolls and or all of the above. The fried spring rolls are pretty good as well, nothing exceptional but I like them. Service is standard/average Viet restaurant, if you have been to a Vietnamese restaurant before you know what I mean. Overall definitely worth the trip and money to stop in for a delicious bowl of pho! 
Tip: Sundays are busy!...OMG... THE FOOD IS SO GOOD...I LOVE THE RESTAURANT TOO.
THEY SERVE REALLY FAST AND REALLY CARE ABOUT THE CUSTOMERS. i COME THERE EVERY WEEKEND WITH MY FRIEND, 
P/S: I almost forgot my cell phone @ the restaurant but they returned it to me.... I am very appreciated about that. :) :x--THANK YOUbig spacious room
very fast service
waiters are not to friendly, always seem they are in a hurry
everytime i go there, i always get Pho. 
soup is good. decent priceService:
   * Same basic service.  I never expect good service at a pho restaurant.  They take your order, bring your food, and almost never come back.
Pho:
   * Not good quality.  It comes with a big bowl of water and noodles with very little meat, and the vegetables are old and minimal.  The soup was not flavorful and I think they use MSG to sweeten the soup.
Summary:
Stay away and don't waste your money!!!  Trust me, I grew up eating pho from infancy so I know what good pho should taste like.  This place is giving pho a bad rap.
Try the many other pho restaurants down the street and in the city.Very inconsistent. Have tried 4 times now  Some dishes ok, but others are just inedible. They are not customer friendly at all which makes it worse,I recommend going up Washington ave and getting the real deal.There was a line when we got there, so we waited about 12 minutes before being seated, but it was worth it! We got the summer rolls and pho #60, which had a combo of beef cuts. The summer rolls were ok, but mostly noodle and not much flavor. The pho was delicious! the broth was flavorful, the meat was well cooked and plentiful and the small bowl was quite large.Pho...the food that everybody turns to after a night if drinking. But just letting everybody know when I went it wasn't because I'm dehydrated and need soupy stuff. I actually come here with my family often. My sis and my parents love the fresh chicken pho. The chicken isn't too fatty and the meat is tender.  On this Sunday I went with my friend, her daughter and my nephew. I ordered a pho deluxe and she a chicken rice dish. I had forgot my nephew kids food scissors to cut up his food and the waiter brought the restaurant's pair for kids right over. I was impressed that the waiter was so tentative for such a cost friendly place. 
I have ate at a lot of pho places in and around the area of Philly and I must say many places over load on msg in their soups. You can't tell this by the amount of water you need to drink afterwards. But this place goes easy on the msg. Their noodles and apps are goods and served quickly. The service is great not only because they had scissors but I told the waiter to give my nephew the "you better eat look or timeout" and my nephew started crying, The waiter comes over and said to him I was just kidding :) awww hahaPlace is okay and nothing to be excited about!! The pork chops that I ordered was tasty but greasy and the Pho that my wife and kids was blah!! It's not better than Pho 75. Plus the servers was kind of ignorant as they just kept cursing in Vietnamese. I'm just giving 2 stars for the appetizers which was pretty good!!The soup was ok , broth was kinda sweet for my liking . Got it with ribeye steak . Two big pieces of meat floating in the soup also didn't like that.Seriously the best spring and summer rolls I've had in the city. Tasty and delicious phô and the broth of course is what makes it!Delicious Pho, delicious beef vermicelli! The only time our server was nice to us was after we went to the front counter to beg somebody to pay attention long enough for us to get our check. Terrible service, unless you are buddies with the servers apparently.My first time eating pho and I LOVED IT.
The prices are excellent, and the food comes out rather quickly. Paired with their table tea, it was a great Saturday brunch. 
The one thing was that I asked for no tripe in my pho,but they left that and other parts that I didn't want to eat. No biggie, I just skipped out on those pieces. The small pho is mislabeled- its pretty huge ( even for my normal sized guy friends who were with me and eat more than I do). Trying to finish the entire bowl would be a feat. But for a chilly afternoon, this was pefecto.
Their shakes are awesome too and taste pretty phresh ( see what I did there?); again size is so misleading, because you think the shake is normal sized, but its very thick and takes a while to get through.
You pay at the counter and you remember gastronomical adventures as warm moments on a frozen philly day.There seafood soup is amazing and there summer roll delish the ice coffee so good they are so nice and sweet and clean the best pho yum.The food would have been good of it was served hot.. The portions were good, large, but my only complaint was that the food was cold. The service was okay, the overall interior was good. The price was a bit outrageous comparing to other Vietnamese restaurants. $11 for Com Tam??Food is ok for the price, but this rating is for service.  Don't come here in the evening to order take out if you are not Asian, because they won't serve you.  Three times (I have no idea why I even attempted the third) - my husband has walked in and tried to order take out for me, since I have a baby that I wait with in the car, and they have refused service, saying they are closed when there are clearly people in the restaurant eating.  I'll take myself over to Nam Phuong where they will serve me (and my Italian husband) even if they are close to the closing time.Service is friendly and fast.
Food is AWESOME!
I have eaten here several times and it is becoming one of my all time favorites. I have two Pho restaurants within 5 minutes from me And I choose to drive 20 minutes to eat here.Solid bowl of pho here. Pleasantly surprised! I ordered a small with eye round and well done flank. Excellent beef, broth, noodles ratio. Service was fast, attentive, and efficient. Will be back!I LOVE this place.  Vietnamese coffee is banging!  Everything is FRESH! Been coming here for years with my family and friends.  NEVER a bad meal or service. Affordable too!!Food was bad. I only recommend the coffee and Pho. Customer service is horrible here! They don't care if you enjoy your meal or not. Honestly, I will not spend my hard earned money at this restaurant! The experience was just really sad.Food we usually get:
-Pho with rare steak
-Pork chops with broken rice (amazing)
-Summer rolls (fresh)
Service: Mediocre
Decor: CasualFirst of all before I start, I would like to say that this place has very good food, and that their pho is probably top 10 for me. But this visit really had me question their food quality. So I went to pho Saigon and got sat immediately because the restaurant was empty. They gave me my water and asked what I wanted. I ordered the Vietnamese beef stew and fried egg rolls. A couple minutes went by and my egg rolls came. When you eat egg rolls, it's suppose to be crunchy. I eat my egg rolls and they're a little soggy. They must've of left this out for a long time to make this soggy. The presentation of the egg rolls looked soggy. I decided not to send it back because for me it would be a hassle. A couple minutes went by and my beef stew came. I had beef stew at many pho restaurants, and they would serve white pho noodles but the noodles it came with was egg noddles..... real slap in the face. When I took a sip of the soup, it was salty. The egg noodles or the soup was salty. But I think it was the egg noodles because if you was to eat egg noodles plain it would be a little salty. I continue eating because I have to pay for my meal. When ever I kept on eating, I could feel my arteries start to clog (comical reference). It was salty as hell. So I got up and paid and left a low tip. Overall rating, 3/5 stars