I rarely have bad Italian food; you'd have to be really bad to mess up spaghetti & meatballs, for instance. Pietro's was quite good; I also recommend the risotto balls.Our second night in a Philadelphia hotel we ordered takeout from Pietros -- another Yelp find.
The pizza was excellent and original. It staid plenty hot on the 4-block walk back to our hotel. The salads were great too. I'll return both for take-out and to dine in as the ambiance looked great -- and it was busy,Delicious Italian food! Came here with friends when visiting from NY. The single portion of the salad is good enough for 4+ people, and the 13-in pizza as well. We were 6 total and split a small salad, small eggplant parm, and small pizza (Greca- yum!). If we were hungrier we would have needed more, but the food was all very tasty, service was attentive, and the place is spacious-- great for groups. I'd come here again.We went Christmas Eve. Not much in the way of ambiance. House Chianti was fine. The pizza was delicious. Service was fine. Not much in the way of a Christmas Eve experience but pretty good otherwise.I "discovered" Peitro's using my handy dandy Yelp app on my IPhone. It was much larger inside than i expected based on the reviews. I was able to order a wheat pasta dish with vegetables and stay on diet for the night. The meal was very good- the service was a bit slow.I had the whole wheat fetuncini. It was banging. Big portion for $13. Pizza is better than CPK's too. Very courteous waiters with fast serviceVery good pizza, salad, beer selections. I've been here twice and have thoroughly enjoyed both visits.There's way better pizza in Philly, we're not talking NY quality here but its out there. Don't buy into the Coal Oven hype it's not all that. The cheese is good but the sauce and crust just don't hold up.We had a reservation for a Friday night and let them know we had theatre tickets. The restaurant was crowded and noisy and the service very spotty. The a waitress was great with the drink orders, but it took almost 45 minutes to get the hot appetizers and salads. It seems that to make stuffed mushrooms, a regular menu item, takes a very long time... We then had a pizza and several pastas. The pizza was luke warm and we had to send it back to be reheated. We had to ask the manager to try to get us the food in time to go to the theatre (we were there 1 1/2 hours) It was a very mediocre food experience and a very jarring social one. I would not go back- there are nicer places and with better atmosphere to eat pizza in.Went here solely because I seen they had arancini on their menu. Made a reservation and glad we did because the place was packed. We got there a half hour early but were seated right away. 
We ordered the arancini (or risotto balls) and they were good. Not great but good. The risotto and the outer crust were great but the filling lacked one key component-peas---- and the ground meat was almost non existent and the cheese was clumped instead of evenly melted. They tasted good so we ate them. Next we ordered a 4 cheese pizza-this was delicious. I am not big on pizza but this pizza was beyond good-the cheese combo was perfect. 
Our entrees consisted of eggplant parm which was mine-it was just fair the eggplant was a little tough but the spaghetti was great as was the gravy. My friends had the rigatoni alla vodka and the salmon which were both yummy. 
For dessert we had the ricotta cheesecake ,canolli,and tiramisu- all three were really good. Service was good and attentive even though they were really busy. One little complaint is that we had to flag someone down to bring macaroni cheese for our pasta. I think you should be asked as soon as your food is served but a runner brought out our food not our waiter.I had the chicken parm. It was delicious and fairly priced. The bread was also amazing! Overall, it was a great experience.Oh my God!! Best Italian restaurant I've tried thus far. Pasta, meat was super fresh. You could taste how fresh the food was. My husband when it comes to pasta and seafood is not that he doesn't like it but he can careless but he had the linguini cielo e mare and he went bananas over it; he was so upset that we forgot our left overs , he wanted to have it for breakfast. . I forget the name of what I had but it was pork sausage, chicken, peppers and onions over fettuccine. Let me start with the chicken, the softest chicken breast I have had, the pork sausage was not something to go crazy about but the rest was amazing. I am dying for another date night just to go there and try other foods.Manager is a hovering, non helping mule. My gf spilt wine on her white shirt. When I asked him for club soda he didn't move (a waiter had to help us; the waiters are great).
The food wasn't bad. But the hovering manger drove the atmospheric presence down.Excellent pizza and calzones. The coal oven pizza is fantastic. The crust is both chewy and crunchy and the depth of flavors are wonderful.
The calzone was huge, full of cheese and truly amazing. The tomato sauce on the side for dipping was out of this world with Italian flavors I've never tasted before.
A must visit.Pietro's has a good ambiance. It's a nice sit down place but still has a really casual and comfortable feel to it. Prices are also reasonable so it's a good option for a group lunch/dinner.
My friends and I shared a small salad and 13" pizza. It was the perfect portion for 3 since we weren't too hungry. We got the insalata w/ poached chicken which was light and tasty. It had greens, tomatoes, avocado, eggs, bacon, and chicken with balsamic dressing. For our pizza we wanted to do half and half but unfortunately that option is only available when you build your own. Many of them sounded good, but we went with the napoli which came with spinach, pine nuts, sun dried tomatoes, and mozzarella. Not the best pizza I've ever had, but I enjoyed the toppings and the thin, crispy crust. Next time I'd like to try the piccante with spicy ham and provolone or the classic with mozzarella and prosciutto.Great place for brunch on the weekends. All dishes come with a drink!!! Breakfast pizza! Yum!Fantastic dinner! The four cheese sausage pizza was amazing! The Caesar salad was delicious but definitely too big for one! The spaghetti and meatballs were really good as well! Would definitely go here again!I've been to Pietro's a couple of times over the years. The first time may have been 5 years ago, to be honest, even then, I was never wow'd. The pizza's were "unique", but nothing spectacular. They are good though, and I would give them a try again. 
The most recent visit was in March of this past year. I would have to say that they do have some dishes that they are consistently good at, and most are just sub par. 
Once in awhile, I do get a craving for their best pasta dish (imo)- which is the Rigatoni alla Vodka. The sauce is just so flavorful and to die for, the pasta itself is cooked perfectly. The portion is a good size as well. 
Pietro's is a good place for huge parties though as the restaurant is big itself. While it's not the greatest restaurant, its still a restaurant I consider, especially for big parties.They served 20 of us as well as if we were 2.
Ambiance: very nice. Pretty.
Group sampled 6 pizzas and 7 entrees. Everyone was happy. That's saying something.My father and I have dinner here at least once a week. The salads are huge and always fresh. The specials are great so check out the board in the way in. Portions are crazy big be prepared to have lunch for tomorrow.We were ravenous after a busy shopping afternoon and craved after simple Italian food...pasta and pizza. My 1st time at Pietro's didn't disappoint!!! Even though we went on spec on a Friday night and the restaurant was very busy, we didn't have to wait to be seated. Our server, Wanda, was attentive. Fortunately there seems to be a very casual dress code in Philly because I was wearing a tee, shorts and sandals, though others were dressed more formally.
The (warm) bread, mozzarella sticks and bruschetta were so good and filling that we only managed to finish 50% of our main courses...2 pasta dishes and a Barese pizza.
Food and ambience are highly recommended!!!Their salads are MASSIVE and worth every penny. Their pizza is great (not sure if they're worth 20+ dollars but they're delish). My most recent visit, I had their vodka rigatoni and chicken Parmesan. Oh. My. God. It was SO good.Had a ravioli entree and a couple slices of their pizza, both were great. I'd recommend it to anyone who likes Italian food. very relaxed and casual atmosphere.Pietro's is a lively pizza place just down from Rittenhouse Square.  My family and I go here often because we have a place close by, and Pietro's never ceases to impress.  The pizzas are so fresh and tasty, and even the classic Italian dishes are really good (though portions are very large).  Prices are pretty reasonable considering the location, and you can easily have a large quality meal for $15 - $20 per person.  Service is very friendly and many of the servers are Italian or Mediterranean which adds to the authenticity.  Really nice bar scene as well.I am a huge Italian snob and always order spaghetti with meatballs. If a restaurant can't get a meatball correct, then I usually never return. The meatballs were delicious and I like the combination of spinach added to the recipe. However, the marinara sauce was slightly acidic and heavy. Great flavor of noodles and no sign of excessive water from the sauce or pasta in my dish. Bread/oil left a little to be desired. Overall, excellent service and great family restaurant.Pietro's is a glorious place if you're looking for that authentic Italian pizza. We ordered a margarita pizza and it brought back sweet memories of pizza we had in Naples and Rome. Everything was delicious and obviously made from scratch. The service is mediocre by American standards, but exceptional by European standards. The Creme brûlée had a lemony taste to it, which I did not prefer, but other people might. Overall, I wish I lived closer, because I was deeply satisfied.My food was delicious--chicken limone--but my husband's chicken Parmesan was burned. The side veggies were delicious. Wish there were side salads, but we split an entree salad...which was very big and we would have ordered 2 different types of salads, if we had been given the option of smaller, side salads. Cappuccino was good as well. Our server was nice and good.  Biggest complaint: the place is way too noisy, from the moment you walk in, even when it is 1/3 full.  We would have chosen a different place had we realized this.  It was our first time having dinner there.The menu is amazing and diverse. Great location is a beautiful part of Philadelphia. Staff is energetic, kind and fun. Your hostess with the very short hair is welcoming, graceful, and looks like a supermodel!  Can't wait to try the pizza!C and I are in agreement that this is among the best pizza's we've had. Also, service and ambiance were excellent. We especially enjoyed the outdoor seating.Have had lunch there several times and recently dinner for the first time.  Have always enjoyed the food and the prices are reasonable (for Philadelphia).  Food came quickly, bread was great, service was good.  Basically a no problems place.  I had the lobster ravioli (special) which was quite tasty.
The only "cons" is that it is fairly noisy, the tables are a tad small and it is a shade darker than I like, but these are small issues and really don't detract very much.Solid  Italian place.  Great tasting food and friendly staff.  Really great pizza and our pasta dish with shrimp and veggies was tasty and very fresh.
I would give 4 stars but the bill came to $75, including tip, for me and one other person.  2 drinks, no appetizers, shouldn't be $75.My son and I went last evening at 830. We ordered a salad, mozzarella sticks and a pizza. The salad and sticks came in 10 minutes. The pizza was still not at our table 40 minutes later. Our waitress acted as if she did not work for tips. Based on her lousy service, I was sure that was the case and acted accordingly.The five stars are for their pizzas only.  I've ordered from here three times when I'm back in town.  The pepperoni that they use is amazing, rich in flavor and spices. Tie this in with the fresh Mozzarella (recommend the smoked version) with fresh ingredients and you have a winner.  All this flavor does come at a price, expect to pay 35-40 bucks for a large pie with 3-4 toppings for pick up.  Will be back next time I am in town.This is seriously the best marinara I have ever had. 
The noodles were perfect. Pizza is delicious. Met all my expectations and more. Large portions. Excellent service. Very deserving of five stars.Food:
Amazing!  We had the Napoli pizza and family style pasta.  It was a huge portion.  We got a large pizza and the family style pasta for 8 people and it was more than enough.  We ordered 2 appetizers:  risotto balls and roasted veggies/cheese.  The unlimited bread served was warm and soft!
Make reservations because they were packed!!
Cons:
It can get really loud in there and the server we had was hard to understand.  Also, if you are vegetarian they do not allow substitutes so it minimizes your variety.
Overall had a great experience and loved they have round family size tables.  That is seriously hard to find these days!As I've been stating in many of my recent reviews of places in Philly, I sure miss this place after moving to D.C., which can boast for a lot of things, but for food it cannot. 
I've never had their pizza oddly enough.
But, I have been here in large groups, small groups, and with one other person. Each time, service is excellent, even when they are busy.
The entrance area to wait could be better, especially when its cold outside, but I guess you could wait at the bar though its not huge if you have to wait for a table.
But on to the food. In no particular order.
Chicken Parm AWESOME
Calamari AWESOME
Pollo Con Funghi AWESOME
Chicken Cesar Salad (get the sauteed chicken) AWESOME - I can barely eat chicken cesar salad elsewhere now.
Linguini Cielo e Mare - AWESOME
Insalata Mediterraneo - AWESOME
I've had these items at least twice each and  have never been dissapointed. It's great for sharing, me and work husband would usually split one of the above and a chicken cesar salad. (You get 4 big pieces of chicken breast, not strips not chunks or cubes)
Great portions, great price. 
Enjoy. Eat it as often as you can in case you have to move  like I did :-(Having not been in the mood for Italian in a while, and usually opting for an intimate BYO when the mood does strike, it has been a long time since I've been to Pietro's. However, the stars aligned today when we wanted a biiiig salad while walking around Rittenhouse. I remembered the super sized, almost comical portions, as well as the delicious rolls they offer while you peruse the menu, so we popped in for a nosh.
Well the portions were as remembered - too much for one sitting. I got the (Sicilian?) salad with mozzarella, roasted peppers, capers and anchovies - and it was as delicious as the stench of my breath unbearable afterwards. She got a much tamer salad with gorgonzola, croutons and a healthy dose of salad envy. We brought home leftovers, but only one was actually eaten.
Unfortunately, those delicious, doughy, crusty herbed rolls that I remembered are now gone. In their place we were served some run of the mill dinner rolls that paled in comparison. It's too bad, they were worth an extra two stars all by themselves.I love, love, love Pietro's. I don't think I've ever been disappointed with their food so far. Their calamari for appetizer is great and I love their Penne a la Vodka. 
I do suggest to split it with someone because it's a huge serving. The service is always great, they're very attentive. One night, my friend and I decided to eat at Pietro's and it was 10 minutes before closing. I thought they'd hate us for coming in so late especially when they were already cleaning but I still got that warm, attentive service they always have.I am giving this place two stars because I have never eaten in a one star place before. It took over 1 hour and 15 minutes to get our food and when we received it it was of poor quality. The spaghetti was overcooked with too much sauce and veal parm  was overcooked and dry. There are better Italian places in the neighborhood. Skip this one.Solid pizza but My friend and I both got the seafood pasta dish... Yada yada yada I've been on the toilet 25 times a day  for 3 days. 
My friend threw up at work an hour after eating it.
Conclusion: Don't get anything but pizza here .... Ever.i love the pizza here, its reallllly great!  Way better than olive garden! The salad is also great, very fresh. Most of the pasta dishes I have been pretty satisfied with. Nothing out of the ordinary but pretty decent. This is a good inexpensive place to eat for a group.Eh.  There is WAY better pizza in Philly and Phillyburbs.  I was disappointed with the coal fired pizza here.  It has a own unique style and taste, so 2 stars for that.  However, I prefer east coast (NY) pizza, and if you're craving typical, no fancy pants thin crust, Pietro's does not fit deliver.  I'd imagine this place is popular among non native Philadelphians.This place is an awful excuse for an Italian Restaurant.
Firstly, the service is extremely awful.  The waitress took forever to put bread on the table, while she was too busy just standing around, I guess daydreaming.  While we took our order, we made a few requests such as a certain chicken in a pasta dish or something removed from a pizza; instead of saying okay, or let me check, she automatically said no... Probably because she is lazy and too busy daydreaming!! We got our drinks and received our appetizer.  Once we got our appetizers, they were okay, nothing special... kind of tasted like frozen food that you heat up in a microwave.  While we are still eating our appetizer, our meals come out, literally there was not enough of a time gap between the appetizer and the meals.  Now, that we got our meals, we were hoping that it would be a bit better than the appetizers and sadly, we were wrong.  The penne and vodka sauce was poorly made, the sauce was very thin and the penne was not cooked well.  The plain pizza tasted burnt and dry!!!
After everything was said and done, the bill was a bit expensive, and it was definitely not worth the price.  I will never come here again nor will I ever recommend this place to anyone!!! Save your money and go somewhere else!!!My mom and I specifically come here for a certain pizza that we love: Picante. So delicious and goes great with a tasty red wine. We always sit at the bar, the lovely lady who works at the bar is always friendly and overall, great service. Love the atmosphere here but I have to admit, the back table sections near the kitchen is really dark, and the front has so much more light and energy. Will be coming back for more pizza and wine!It's 3.5 stars, but I rounded it up. I came here for lunch with my girlfriend, and we were glad we came in pretty early because the place got packed fairly quickly. Being two people who are very indecisive, we took a while (but I have to say no more than 10 minutes) to order, and our waitress seemed a bit frustrated. She also convinced us that the 13" pizza is too small for two people to share, so we ended up getting a 13" margherita pizza with a salmon pasta from lunch menu. However, when the pizza came out, we regretted getting the pasta, because it was a lot bigger than what we expected/how the waitress described it. I am usually a big eater, but there was no way two girls could finish the pizza, let alone with a pasta dish. The pizza was pretty good, it's a typical Italian thin crust pizza-simple but very flavorful! The pasta was also solid. We definitely enjoyed the food, but I have to say, it was nothing extraordinary. The food is on a bit more pricier side, but it's definitely reasonable for the portions you get. Our waitress barely came by after our orders were in, and she was hard to find. I definitely feel like the service could have been better. 4 stars for the food, 3 for the service!I ate here for dinner last week with a few friends.  We were all very happy with our food.  The service was great - we received our food and drinks very promptly.  They were also very flexible with us despite the fact that we had my friend's 3 yr old daughter with us.  I would say that it's a great place to go both as a family or even as a date night.its a cute place with good food..nothing out of the ordinary..but for a quick lunch or dinner in the midst of shopping on walnut street - its nice.  also, if its your birthday a cute waiter may sing to you..actually that's a lie...he only sang to me b/c its justin and he's my friend. haha.  
Also, I can see this place being fun for a happy hour.We went there for the 3rd time because food is pretty good! First time we sat outside which service was ok but unfortunately 2nd and 3rd time we had the same rude, unfriendly, lazy waitress! First of all my pasta had a long piece of dark hair on it. It took us about 5 minutes to tell our waitress who we had to wave down. She apologized and asked if I want something else or the same thing, I said no I'll have the same, then she said she was going to send her manager over who also never showed up! My plate came pretty fast but we never saw her again until we needed the check! Didn't even come to us once to ask if everything was ok and never gave us refills on our drinks! When we finally had to wave her down again for our check I had my debit card out on the table and asked her for the check. She just took the card and said she'll swipe it and bring me the receipt!!! Wtf?? Never asked us if we wanted dessert or if we need anything else.. Just took the card! Came back with the receipt and $61 charge that she just left on the table and walked away without saying a word! They never took anything out for the nasty hair on the food or did we ever see the manager! I called them as soon as we got in our car to talk to the manager and he's telling me if you had bad service then you should have talked to me when you were there! I said yes you were supposed to come over but you never did. Anyway he was going back and forth until I just hung up on him! This was the worse bday dinner experience. And did I mention how rude and dead the hostess was too?!?! Food is good and comes out pretty fast but service is one of the worse! Make sure you never get the heavyset waitress with the dark hair!Eating at Pietro's was a real yawn.  It wasn't that bad but I was expecting the food to be a lot better.  The calamari we ordered wasn't that good at all--something about the breading was off and the squid itself was a bit fishy and rubbery.  The pizza was fine but nothing to come back for.  At $10.50 for the calamari and $13 for a 13" four-cheese pizza it's also not a great value.  Another nondescript place in the nondescript Rittenhouse Square area.
The service was fine--no complains there.  That is all.Meh this place is hit or miss for me. The first time
I went I had the best experience. Great service, great food, great bloody Mary's and prosecco. I'm
Glad I waited to write a review though because I returned on a day that wasn't busy and my experience was lackluster. The service was meh, the food wasn't blah and the Bloody Mary was not the Bloody Mary I had previously ordered. 
This place is like playing double Dutch you're either in or you get slapped with the rope.Recommended by local family. Has never disappointed. Have tried everything from the pizza to the individual dishes.I went to this place last month with yelper Dhvani D. for dinner.  One of the main reasons why we picked this place was because the wait time for a table of 2 to sit outside was about 20 min at around 6:00PM on a weekday.  In retrospect, I'm so happy we decided to go to this place.  
We ordered one Insalata di Arugula and one Rigatoni alla Vodka without the pork - vegetarian style.  The Argula salad was just sweet enough and not completely drenched in oil.  I really loved this salad and now have a special place in my heart for Argula.  The pasta was excellent as well and did not have an over dominating vodka taste.  The portion size was perfect for two people.  
The combination of the salad, pasta, and nice weather to sit outside made for a great early evening meal.  Definitely need to go back to get my Argula on!While on a walking tour through Philly with the family, we decided to stop in for pizza.  We were pleasantly surprised with prompt seating for our large party.  The menu had many classic Italian dishes and an excellent set of beers in tap.  Half my family opted for pizza, the other half had a mix of salads and ravioli dishes.  A quick poll after dinner yielded high ratings from each person in my family.  Our server was excellent.I got their signature coal oven pizza, which I found to be just about alright. Also the service was very slow and inattentive. I had to ask the waitress for second round of drinks instead of her 'waiting' on us. Probably good with friends but not so good for a date.Pizzas are great here. I'm not too big a fan of the flatbread type, but it was really tasty here. I tried a few slices (friends sharing their pies).  As for the Bolognese - I had hopes but it was greatly under seasoned. I went twice for co-workers team dinners, but as solo or with my wife I'd probably look at other dining spots. Just sayin'.Pietro's is my go-to place for delicious gourmet pizza in Center City.  They also have inexpensive yet wonderful wines to go along with dinner.  I've been here countless times and have had zero complaints.Grabbed a bite of food as I was staying at the Raddison Blue down the street. Bruschetta appetizer was amazing. I ordered an pasta dish with creamy rose sauce and shrimp and chicken. I live that they have whole wheat pasta available, but a couple of my shrimps were raw and that really put a bad taste in my mouth. For desert we ordered the gelato and it was great! Would give it another try but the food needs to be properly cooked.I love this place. Their food is on point. The food service is great however sometimes the servers tend to be a little rude. I keep going back to this place for their spaghetti marinara and their pizzas. It's worth the money since their portion sizes for food tend to be huge. I always have leftover for to go. However, I'd suggest you rather steer clear of the desserts. I've tried their pumpkin cheesecake and chocolate mouse off their special menu - didn't do it for me - too pricey for the quality. Anywho will keep going back to this place for their spaghetti marinara.I stopped for a takeout salad today at lunch, and waited at the bar....for 35 minutes. FOR A FREAKING SALAD. To add insult to my insalata (insulata? har har), they served the two girls who were sitting next to me who ordered their food 10 minutes after I placed my order first. I really wanted to give the lady who was serving the bar the benefit of the doubt, and convinced myself that maybe, they ordered something simple. GUESS WHAT. Not only they order the exact same salad that i did, they also ordered a large pizza. Oy. I patiently asked the lady how long it'd be until my salad was ready, and she glanced over her shoulder like I was asking a ridiculous question, and said "5 min., or less," then turned away before I could tell her I wanted to cancel it because I had been waiting for a salad for nearly half an hour. 
10 minutes later, she comes back with the takeout, pushes it in my direction without so much as a "sorry for the wait," and turns away. 
I order delivery from Pietros a couple times a month to feed the husbear when I don't feel like cooking. The food is acceptable, the service, not so much.I went here yesterday with my wife and daughter. It was awesome. The salads are huge and the pizza was perfect. The service was great and the prices were reasonable. 
And today we had pizza at Grimaldis in Brooklyn and it turned out to be the worst tourist trap ever.Awful manager - short pudgy guy, black-ish hair.
We went here as a party of 4. One person in our group can't have one of the toppings listed in the ready made combinations, so he asked if he could just get one of the pre-made combinations without that one ingredient. Waitress said this was not possible, but he could make his own pizza - didn't say how much it would cost....assumed a an extra couple dollars at most.
Well, then arrived all the entrees. The "make you own" pizza arrived WITH that one ingredient, even though paying more for it. They took it back, and made a new one 15 minutes later. Ok, their mistake, it happens to all of us.
Then we get the check. All the other pizzas were $14 each, whereas "make you own pizza was priced at $23.50 (minus 1 ingredient from ready-made pizza topping combination, same size). This was a surprise, and total rip-off. It's not possible to pay $9.50 more for almost same pizza, when it was made 15 minutes late. 
We then called the manager over. He said it was their policy to charge extra, and then stormed away, saying  because of  the mistake, "you don't have to pay, make her (waitress) pay for the pizza, since it was her mistake!" Do not make the customer feel guilty for restaurant mistakes, this is not the way one treats employees or customers! Left a tip to include price of pizza they charged. We will not going back here again, poor attitude cannot be tolerated even if food is good.The bread of pizza is totally no taste!!!!! only few cheese on it! and coast $15? I will not buy it even its only 5 dollars!!!!!! How about pasta? no really spaghetti noodle, and the souse not get in to the noodle too!!!! taste like noddle and souse  r separated!This was my first time here. I went with my friend from new york. Between the 2 of us, I'm more of a foodie but I'm bringing him to the sugary side soon enough with all the restaurants we go to.
After walking by this place for years as a teen, I finally took my adult self and my adult friend here. It was a wonderful day out so we wanted to sit outside. The hostess was very nasty little asian lady who took literally 10 minutes to even appear. It was a line of 4 separate groups waiting and the hostess was nowhere in sight. When a waiter finally saw us he looked away quickly without saying anything I guess so he did not have to do anything.
Finally getting the outdoor seating we requested we found out that it was very cramped but they have mother nature on there side to even out the experience.
We wanted chicken Caesar or just Caesar Salad which they did not have. I have never been to an Italian restaurant that did not have Caesar salad, even neighborhood spots have it. We then ordered the white pizza with prosciutto and sun dried tomatoes. The menu was different from others I've seen. Instead of set menu items such as "Pietro's special pizza" or "pineapple feast", the pizza itself was about $16 for the medium size. Then you add on toppings from there which gets expensive if you wanted something exotic with many toppings. 
The food itself was good pizza, not superb but filling and good enough to compliment the beginning of our springy day. The funny part was the waiter. He seemed scared to even say hello. He inched up slowly to our table saying hello after assessing the situation I guess. Then throughout the meal he stalked our water glasses as if he would rather pour the water in secrecy instead of just asking us.
The not so funny part is that when we asked for the check it took 20 minutes. Literally. We then thought to speed up the process and come back inside so he did not have to walk outside. After walking by continuing taking new orders without finishing ours we began to get frustrated. 
It must have been God keeping us good because we were about to just skip out on the bill until the hostess asked us were we being helped and we said we are waiting for the bill. She then motioned to the waiter as he clearly forgot. The only purpose she served was to keep the waiter from getting our bill taken out of his check that week.
Overall, good enough spot if just passing by and love the Rittenhouse area scenery but there are better pizza places if you are searching for that ultimate meal.We went here last night for dinner. (Two people) We split a salad and a medium pizza which was plenty of food for us. Both were very good! HOWEVER, I cannot tell you how bad the service was. First - when we were in mid-order our waiter just walked away. We looked at each other, like 'um, what just happened...?' and I motioned for him to come back to take the rest of our order. I didn't say anything to the waiter about the incident and thought we would just move on... 
Second - The salad arrived and our waiter KEPT interrupting us to see how we were doing. It was so annoying! Either you are in mid-conversation or you have food in your mouth and some idiot asking you if you like the salad every 4 minutes is irritating!!! The pizza came and he did the same thing. Every time he started walking over I would look away in an effort to hint to him that we do not wish to be interrupted AGAIN.  This waiter should take a lesson from European waiters who rarely ever interrupt a meal but look over from afar to see if the customer looks up (and is looking for the waiter) or motions for one. The waiters there are so attentive without being annoying.When I lived in Philly this was a favorite place to go for pizza.  A great pizza and salad place in the Rittenhouse Square neighborhood.  When it's warm out, it's great to sit in the front area with the windows open.  Walnut Street is a fun street to people watch! 
I have had both good and experiences here in terms of service.  I wouldn't call this the friendliest and most welcoming dining establishment that I have visited.  However, the pizza, bread and salad make up for that. 
I really enjoy the coal oven pizza.  The mista salad has a nice light dressing.  The other entrees are just ok as others have stated in their reviews.  I typically just stick to my favorite here, the pizza and salad.This is our go to simple Italian restaurant! Great pastas, pizzas or salads! I've been getting their lemon chicken and arugula salad for years and it still tastes the same, now that's called consistency! Staff is always great and the fresh table bread amazing too! Great location and outside seating in the summers will remind you of Italy!I finally got a chance to try this place while Christmas shopping (for myself...it always seems to work that way!)   I was dining solo, so I sat at the bar for a beer while I decided on the menu. I wanted to try the pizza, but it was just too big for a single person, so I went with the Ravioli marinara dish. It was good, but nothing special. It didn't compare to store-bought Toludo's Ravioli, which are the best I've ever had...ever!  The service seemed fine, nothing more, nothing less - it was just a bartender. But the atmosphere seemed cool - I could have very easily sat there for another 3 or 4 beers if I didn't have to get back to "Christmas shopping". All-in-all, I'd definitely go back to this place, but not after trying a few other places first. Honestly, I cannot see how this pizza can be better than Soho's (2nd & Market).....because that's just the best there is!Great service and kid friendly. Wenhad the kale salad and sausage specialty pizza. Very enjoyable and would recommend both.The pasta e fagioli here is the best in Philadelphia! I always order it when I'm sick and it reminds me of my Nonnas cooking.I enjoyed this restaurant because it had a little bit of everything. Good salads to light pasta dishes to heavy pasta dishes. I had the Limone and I would highly recommend it as a lighter dish (though still a large serving size). Definitely worth checking out.Why has it been 1 hour and 30 min. For a pizza and salad to get delivered to my house on a Tuesday. This is stupid and I'm hungry. Don't count on themJust had take out for dinner here. It was actually pretty good. Got the spaghetti with meatballs and a side of spicy calamari with sausage. It was HUGE! I was thinking the spaghetti and meatball wouldn't fill me up but I have plenty of leftovers. It was a bit on the greasy side but that was kind of what I was craving. I liked it also because it came out hot. Some places when you order take out by the time you eat it the food is cold. I wasn't sure if I liked the calamari at first but after a few bites it just got better and better. 
They didn't sell drinks for take out so that was a disappointment. 
Total price for dinner $25. A bit pricey for take out.Aye! Pietros! I dare you people to complain about Pietros. You know what is so great about Pietros? You can take any non-city resident here when they are visiting, and you know they will freakin' love Pietros. And you know what else is great? When you are taking said non-city resident who's visiting out to dinner at Pietros, you don't have to break the bank because their prices are so reasonable. And you know what else is great?!?!?! You always get to come home with leftovers because the portions are HUUUUGE. Pietros is ALWAYS delicious, always a nice time, and I have never had a problem getting seated, with or without a reservation. A very famous city favorite, and with good reason. You can't go wrong with some good ol' italian food here.I've had take-out margerita pizza here several times and it's good. Not the best but good. Obviously this is a coal-oven pizza joint but the crust for some reason tastes a little stale? It's not crispy on the outside warm/soft on the inside as you'd expect. It's pretty much rough all the way through.
Service isn't great. They wait staff barely talks to you, they mumble, & look totally miserable all while serving you. Also they overflowed my water glass at least 3 times leaving a wet mess for me to eat on. There weren't even that many people there at the time so there was no need to rush.Why no love for Pietro's on Yelp??
I have been here twice and each time it delivered. This restaurant is very reasonably priced for being right in the heart of Rittenhouse, and the outdoor seating and indoor seating by the windows makes for the best atmosphere and best people watching spot in the city.
The first time I dined here we ordered a pizza-great thin crust, just like Italy and topped with fresh and tasty toppings. 
Yesterday, my mom and I wanted to have a quick lunch; we ordered the risotto ball suppli which was authentic. The red sauce it was topped with was great- as good as any Italian restaurant. Inside you could find cheese and meat which adds to the authenticity of the dish. We then had salads as our main- they were huge, hearty and the dressings were full of flavor.
The only reason why this is getting four stars instead of five is because for the same price, you can get a killer pizza at Nomad. This is great competition though.This place is amazing. Their pizzas are the best in the city. They can be a little pricey, but for a treat, there's nowhere else I will go.We came in with a party of 16 around 7:30pm. The staff was accommodating and nice. We basically tried everything on the menu and everything was delicious! The stuffed shrimp and the stuffed meatballs were my favorite! The sauce they use on the pizza was also very yummy.I've been to Pietro's a few times, and had a great experience every time. Good service, good food, inviting atmosphere.I have been to Pietro's once or twice a year for the last 5 years.  The reason I return is because it's convenient (especially when you're doing some Xmas shopping or you're short on ideas and wandering around aimlessly in Rittenhouse square) and it accomodates large groups for grubbing (and you can order all entrees and salads family style)
Okay, so it's not like all the other amazing Italian BYOs in the city, that's for sure.  But it's open for lunch. You can always get a table. And they give you unlimited bread... and it's infinitely better than Olive Garden (but that's not saying much, is it?)
I liken Pietro to that decent restaurant you go to in a Mall when you don't want to eat in the food court.  The Pizza is good, thin and crispy and they always serve it with fresh basil on top.  Their pasta dishes aren't the most sophisticated - and sometimes bland - but again, I think it's a few steps above Olive Garden.
Service is prompt, friendly and the prices are reasonable-ish for Rittenhouse. So if it's a battle between the food Court and Olive Garden, I say Pietro wins.By far my favorite pizza place ever.
This pizza is fantastic! It's flavorful without a drop of grease. This brick oven pizza is appealing to the eye and great to taste. 
This place has fast service and the atmosphere is very nice. You are seated immediately and the pizza is out within twenty minutes, tops, every time. I have never waited longer than that for a pizza at pietro's. Additionally, it's located right next to beautiful Rittenhouse square, so if you get a seat near the window you have a nice view of the city.
Overall, Pietro's was a great experience with amazing food at an affordable cost. Not just my favorite pizza, one of my favorite restaurants ever!I have been staying in philly for 6 years and always come back here for the  linguini cielo e mare as pasta dish. Pizza was okay here....kind of dry....and salad was not that tasty. The only dish dragged me back is this pasta dish. Also their stuffed mushroom is pretty delicious too...crispy top with marinated mushroom. Meatball spaghetti was pretty good too.
Its basically street parking and they are located in center city so you can def walk around after a nice pasta meal.The Risotto balls are delicious but be sure to ask for extra sauce if you like to add a bit more flavor to your bite. The mozeralla and mushrooms inside compliment eachother well, added with a taste of fresh basil this small dish is sure to curb your appetite for comforting Italian food. I definitely recommend it! Their bread basket is fresh and delicious. The pizza tastes good, however I was not convinced that it was cooked in a brick oven, the texture was similar to stove oven bake. Ingredients had a fresh taste. My sister added shrimp to her order and only got 4 pieces of shrimp for $6. Service was OK, we had to ask for a spoon with the spaghetti dish and parmesan.Pretty good lunch spot. I went around noon and we were seated with no problem or wait time. They have outdoor seating but it's very crowded. The serving portions are large so I just ordered appetizers. I had meatballs which were juicy and very saucy.Delicious Italian cuisine! We ordered the risotto balls, arugala salad, and Pietro's pizza (smoked mozzarella, prosciutto, and arugula) and we're very full and happy afterwards. We did order coconut sorbet after, served in a coconut shell. Sweet and light way to end the evening. Great spot and worth the wait.Stopped here for a late dinner after wrapping up a project. Very open and spacious the restaurant was immediately inviting. 
My wife and I each had pasta, mine was the carbonara, and we were both very pleased with the dishes. Portion size was good and the price was about as expected for a moderate restaurant in this area. 
Service was excellent and friendly and the waiter was happy to make suggestions when we asked.
I would definitely visit Pietro's again!I made a reservation for six for a Saturday night around six o'clock and my friend made a reservation for seven, in total 13 girls. We were in Philly for a student conference and decided to make a reservation at Pietro's two nights in advance. Before going we called to confirm the reservations. Upon arrival the hostesses were immediately awful to us. They lost my friend's reservation, even though we called before to confirm. So, my friend took the six girls and left to find a better place to eat and I asked if they could sit seven. Even though we had a reservation, they became unorganized to sit us. They quickly revealed their inability to be kind and their inability to handle a large party. The hostesses were rude, unkind, and treated my friends and I like children and were demeaning towards us. I will never make the mistake of going to Pietro's and I will make sure to tell my friends all about the horrible service we received. I can not even give them a star, because the second I walked into the restaurant I was treated terribly; did not even get the chance to try their food. All around awful experience and ruined my entire weekend.Awesome!!! This is our first time ordering from this restaurant and I enjoy this food while I was watching the soccer game and drinking my favorite red wine. I'm having a wonderful time enjoying all the delicious flavors. This place I will be ordering from again.With two locations in the city and one in Jersey, Pietro's serves 8 different kinds of coal-oven pizza, served with endless toppings. I've ordered a bunch of things from their menu, but by far, the  pizza is the best. It's in a great location with reasonable prices (hard to find on Walnut)Hadn't been here in years but found an old gift card and figured I would order pick up. When I arrived, I was greeted by a wonderful young man at the pick up stand. When he tried my gift card he realized it was expired. The manager quickly came over and accommodated me by giving me a new gift card in the same amount of the expired one. While this was all taking place, the pizza I had ordered got cold since it took about 15 minutes for the manager to fix the issue. Unbeknownst to me, the young man at the pickup stand had actually reordered a new pizza for me so it would be fresh and hot for me upon leaving! That's 5-star service. Thank you to all for such an incredible experience! AND, the barese pie I ordered was absolutely delicious! 
GREAT FOOD & GREAT SERVICE!Great pizza! Great service! My only problem is the amount of space I had to eat my pizza.  It was tight!We ordered a pizza from this place the other night, as well as a Greek salad. Surprisingly, the salad was actually very, very good. I was really impressed. (and I'm Greek). The pizza unfortunately was so-so. The crust was a little too thick, and a bit like cardboard. Sorry guys.Ok let me premise this with holy hell this place was friggen hot as hell and super duper packed.
Now we came here for a birthday dinner and it was borderline sauna hot. I'll mention the above but it holds little weight in my review.
The service was pretty good--the waiter was nonchalant about the mayhem and was good about joking around without being too perky. Asked for suggestions and his picks (though I forget what they were) was pretty solid. Being that we were a party of almost 2 dozen we ordered a bunch of stuff off the menu and ate it family style. 
Overall I would put the food at above average, though I think I will have to try and come here with maybe just my girlfriend as things that night were a bit frantic but I do remember the food being pretty good. Though they do seat bigger parties, I would probably recommend against it only because the space here is kind of tight though.I've been to Pietro's a couple times.  I don't live in this area of Philly, so this definitely isn't a go-to place for me.  
I started with the Insalata Mista.  The salad was HUGE.  It could have been a starter for two to three people.  The only problem was that there were olives with and without pits.  Maybe just use ones without pits.  I don't want to play olive roulette every time I go to eat one.
My friend and I split the Barese pizza.  The pizza was delicious and was cooked perfectly.  
The service was good.We got an oven fired pizza with sausage and carmelized onions, some greens and a variety of cheeses -- SO good. We got one pizza to share for two people, but I would recommend getting one for a person/not sharing. It was very light.I usually don't write reviews but after today's visit I felt I had to share my experience and disappointment with this restaurant. Went for lunch and ordered the octopus special. Enjoyed it very much until half way through started chewing on a piece of hair. I immediately threw it on the floor and obviously stopped eating. Waited for the waitress, Georgia, for about 15 mins to come clear the plate and told her about what happened. All she said was "oh, ok I'll let them know"... You'd think they'll take it off the check since there was hair on my plate and I couldn't finish my food? Nope, they didn't. It's not about the money, it's about how disappointed I was with the restaurant's customer service. I've been here various time and after this, I won't be coming back.Yuck!! I saw bug crawling on the walls.This is really overdue and comes from an experience over the summer....My friend and I were waking around after a trip to the Apple store and happened across Pietro's for brunch. We snagged the last outdoor two-top and set up for some people-watching on a summer Saturday morning. Brunch was good, I had a frittata alla primavera. Daniel had another item from the brunch specials menu. Both came with coffee and bloody Mary/ mimosa for $12.95, what a steal! However the service was a little underwhelming. The waitress barely said 5 words the whole meal, hello/welcome, not being one of them. Step up the friendliness and we have a much better experienceOK, OK. Maybe I was a little harsh in my first review. A year later, I have a different opinion after another visit.
The Italian Food is super typical -- and you know what, I sometimes like that. For example, before the Philly Tri I came here to CARB UP.  This was a perfect place to do this.
I continue my sentiment that the service is top notch. My water was never less than half full no matter who walked by with a water jug.
Before I jump onto the chain train, I am going to hit up Pietro's for my italian fix.ON a recent evening, my dinner companion remarked, "Pietro's is a decent feeding trough."  He may have meant that as a compliment, but I believe that I speak for both of us when I say that the positives stop there.  The marks of a feeding trough are often similar:  run by a company that owns several restaurants (check); efficient seating system, even on a crowded night (check), attentive wait staff (check); efficient kitchen, food brought out quickly (check); bill is correct and served promptly (check).  It passes the feeding trough test.  
But moving on to the food that I ordered and partially ate:  I feel that this restaurant is lacking something.  I ordered a wine-braised beef short rib on a bed of risotto, which was one of the most expensive item on the menu (you can imagine I did not do this lightly.  Or maybe I did.) The name of the game is good food, not acceptable service.  
Starting from the bottom up:  the bed of risotto.  It was dry, and bland.  The center of the entree, the short rib, was not particularly tender, and overwhelmingly salty.  It was also a bit dry.  It tasted like a salty pot roast, not a braised beef short rib.  I've had the exact same dish many other places.  I know what good risotto tastes like, and what a good short rib is.  These are not hard things to master.  And for the price, I expected this to be something more on par with a higher end restaurant.  It wasn't.  I didn't finish.
We also ordered the Caprese, which was fine, but nothing special.  It was fine, but I'm not going to compliment the fact that you sliced some tomatoes and put some mozzarella on top.  
All in all, good service, but lackluster food for the price.  If you need to be in and out in a hurry, this is your place.We hit this up for lunch occasionally.  The salads are fantastic and generous in size, the bread and oil are wonderful.  I've had their pizzas and pastas in the past and they are consistently good.  The prices cannot be beat for Center City at lunch and you can eat outside during nice weather.  They have a sexy, Italian gentlemen that serves during lunch and kind of remind me of Anthony Hopkins, so I'm a big fan.  I always get the Chardonnay, they always make sure my glass is full.The service was not friendly, and my pizzas were average. This place is fine if you're just looking for a bite, but don't choose it for a special night out.This is my favorite pizza place in Rittenhouse Square - they even offer whole wheat! 3 pies were more than enough for 5 of us, great lunch spot if you work nearby.Solid pizza, decent salads.  The place is a little loud, but that works out well if you've got kids.  They are pretty kid-friendly.This place is a staple for my husband (ha - husband) and I.  We were here right after marriage prep because I wanted somewhere I knew the food would be phenom.  Awesome bar staff too.used to be a favorite, but after yesterday's lunch I will not return!  after informing the waitress that we were super hungry, we didn't see her again for 20 minutes!  thus began the fiasco.  we ordered a pizza from the specials board (because when asked what the specials were, our waitress simply said "they're on the board there."  really?  the one that I have to get out of my chair to see?), and a small spaghetti to share.  one bite into the pizza & my mouth was on fire!  I am hyper spice-sensitive, so we were careful to order a pizza that did not have any spicy ingredients.  I thought it was the chicken sausage, but upon inspection, we noticed the pie was liberally dosed with red pepper flakes!  (i tasted the sausage independent of the pizza & it was fine.)  when another waitress came to ask how things were, we told her I was unable to eat that pizza, and that there was no mention on the description that the pizza was "spicy."  her response?  "oh, I never tried that pizza.  i'll tell the manager."  we asked if they could please make one without adding the pepper flakes.  "no, because the chicken is made with spices."  holy cow, really?  thanks, just take it off the bill & we'll get a slice elsewhere... "the manager says if it stays on the table, we must charge for it."  whatever.  two waitresses, one invisible manager, and a two hour long joke of a lunch later, the appalling lack of customer service training -- which included not refilling the water glass of the customer whose tongue was about to burst into flames until 15 minutes after that was mentioned -- and pietros has officially lost a loyal customer.  boo!Pietro's gets a 5 from me for a lot of reasons.I've struggled to find any decent pizza in Philly compared to where I'm from, but they have one of the better options around. Once again, this is by Philly standards, there's much better pizza to be had in other cities.
However, they also have great pasta dinners with huge portions, and the bread and olive oil is always nice to start off with while waiting for the meals to come out. The service is also very good and even on busy nights the food comes out pretty quickly.
Finally, considering the location of being so close to Rittenhouse, you're going to be hard-pressed to find a more affordable option than this.**This star rating is more of a 4.5**
I've been exploring the center city/ old city area for a good amount of years now and over the years, I've heard many many people claim that certain places had the best pizza in Philly. Through those trials, I've found some really good places, but I've never left a place saying "This is it!", until I found Pietro's... Pietro's is just pure heaven to me and though everyone is entitled to their own opinion, I will bet any amount of money that if their pizza is not the best you ever had, it will at least be one of the best that you ever had. The crust is always amazingly crunchy, the sauce is bold and flavorful, the sauce to cheese ratio is perfect, and the toppings are the freshest you'll find. The rest of the menu is great as well. For starters, the portions are huge! Especially their salads. And to add to that, everything is very rich and dense. I swear, no matter what you get, every bite is a party in your mouth. Lol. 
Aside from the food, Pietro's definitely looks like it's waaay more expensive than it actually is. The inside is very classy and quite beautiful. It has a great overall ambiance. The front dining room has has amazing vaulted ceilings and elegant light fixtures/ chandeliers. At the front of the dining area, near the entrance, there's a wall of massive windows that can be fully opened during the warmer seasons. On the outside of those Windows, you'll find the outdoor dining area. It's not that big, but the sidewalk on Walnut St. is very wide. So if you do opt for outdoor dining, it'll be quite comfortable and you won't be interupted by all the people walking by. Adjacent from the front dining room is the bar area. It's quite large and it's fitted with a few tv's. Behind the front dining room/ bar area and up a few stairs is another huge dining area that has views of the partially exposed kitchen. They also have very stylish restrooms that are extremely clean. 
All in all, every time that I've been to Pietro's, the service has been superb. And the same can be said about pretty much everything on the menu. My only complaint about Pietro's is though it's worth every penny, their pizza pies in particular can be a little pricey. I also dislike the fact that you cannot make any substitutions. But other than that, Pietro's is a solid Italian restaurant and you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. And lastly, for a place that has such great quality/ authentic Italian food, they get extra points for since they deliver as well.i'm not the biggest fan, but i continue going there because it's affordable and convenient.  there is better pizza out there.  some of the waiters are pretty cute though (i'm not just saying that because justin works there, but mostly).Their burrata with arugula and beets was very good. The description of their coal oven pizzas is very accurate and delicious as well. We ordered too much food between the two of us (the appetizer and the pizza on a very hot day), but the pizza made great leftovers three days later, which is admirable. There's outdoor seating and it's a relatively small street in that busy area of Center City.I work near pietro's so sometimes I hit it up for lunch. I really like the pappardelle dish and the pizzas are delish. It gets SUPER hot in there during lunch because of the open kitchen, so I leave this visit for fall/winter.We ate at Pietro's today for lunch. Service was very fast and friendly. I had crab stuffed ravioli with shrimp and a red cream sauce along with a Frose to drink. Both were delicious. My husband and son split a pizza with pepperoni and sausage. It was good but my ravioli was the hit at the table. I definitely recommend Pietro's for a good and fast lunchtime meal.Perfect place for four of us to carb load the night before our half marathon.  When they say "large feeds 4-5 people," it actually means that it feeds 6-7 people!
We split an arugula salad, and each got a separate "small" pasta dish.  (None of us finished.)   My linguine fra diavolo with seafood was perfect...spicy enough, but not overly so.
The service was good, but I'm only willing to dish out 5 stars if the food and service both were truly exceptional.Wow talk about a mediocre meal. Was dragged there tonight by 2 of my friends knowing I thought the place was eh at best. My opinion remains unchanged. While the server was nice, my order came out completely wrong which I get. Accidents happen and I wouldn't judge a place because of that but when I got my food the chicken tasted like it was frozen for weeks as well and the microwaveable pasta. I would say the food is a 1.5 out of 5, service is a 2.5 out of 5 but the waiter was very friendly even though he wasn't that attentive. I would give it another try because people love the Pizza but so far I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.I like pizza and I like Pietro's pizza. 
Create your own pizza. Put goat cheese on it... so good. 
I like the outdoor seating; right in rittenhouse.Love and hate this place. Pizza was great - fresh, great ingredients. But over priced in general and their menu pricing on pizza seems absurd (cant add or change anything on the chefs "masterpieces"). Hostess was rude but waiter was fantastic. Sounds like this place is really hit or miss, if you want to pay for it.Last week I found myself in Philly for a work training. Following the advice of Droz in "PCU" I managed to befriend someone with a car. This is good when you're stuck at an airport hotel. Aaaaaanyway, said person with car had spent the first 10 years of her life in the NYC area and the last 20 in Florida. She missed pizza the most, she said. Since we weren't going to drive to NYC for dinner I scoured http://slice.seriouseats.com/  for suggestions. There wasn't much for Philly, unless I wanted to jaunt up to nearby Trenton for some tomato pie, which was tempting. Pietro's seemed at least manageable.
And manageable it was. My new friend was happy and I was happy she was happy. Isn't that nice?
Oh yes, the food. The crust was crispy with some char on the bottom, thanks to the coal-oven. However the crust on the edges were still a little pale for my liking. Decent sauce which wasn't from a jar, unless they doctored the sauce with a metric ton of oregano. Seriously, I've never been to a restaurant that puts that much oregano in its tomato sauce; it's not a bad thing, just very noticeable. Nice fresh mozzarella, though maybe just a tad too heavy on it, and fresh basil leaves, though not enough of them, crowned the margherita pizza. We ordered a medium, which was cut into 8 slices, equivalent to two large slices each.
We also shared an appetizer of stuffed mushroom. Yes please. I'm not a mushroom connoisseur but I think they were just generic mushrooms, however filled with cheese and spinach, covered with breadcrumbs, and baked. Yum.
The place itself was definitely roomy; big enough for the Rittenhouse area it serves.  Nothing like the little packed pizza houses in NYC, but if you're taking an out-of-towner for pizza, it'll do.Ten friends gathered here for a catch-up dinner. Not being a fan of pizza for dinner, lunch maybe, I was not looking foward to the meal. I was proven wrong. When two of us entered the restaurant the place was buzzin', and I mean loud! I thought uh-oh this is not going to be good. We met up with two other early arrivers at the bar where I had one of the best prepared Manhatten's I have ever experienced. We were escorted to our table in the main dining room that was even louder than the bar area. The remainder of the guests arrived, and the drinks and food began to flow, and flow they did. First was the obligatory bruchetta that was very good. Then came baked stuffed mushrooms which were so sublime that one had to stop from devouring them to leave room for our entrees. The service was professional, efficient and well paced by a friendly and accomodating crew. Yes this is a pizza restaurant, yet because of the enticing alternatives on the menu, none of the ten of us ordered pizza.  My veal with sauteed mushrooms could not have been better. It was moist and tender with a hearty wine sauce. As an alternative to a pasta side I ordered mixed sauteed vegtables. Surprisingly to me they were not soggy steam table fare, yet fresh and a tad crunchy delicious melody. I sampled another guest's pasta Bolognese which often can be anemic and waterery. Not so this dish, it was el dante angel hair with hearty gravy and plentiful beef. Oh, the noise? Before we were half way throught the meal, it was if the staff had placed a sound wall around our table because we were enjoying the company and our food so that the noise became unnoticable. Dining here was a very enjoyable experience.A busy place with a din that makes it hard to hear yourself think. It's actually quieter near the bar.
I chose the warm goat cheese salad, and pappardelle with mushrooms and sundried tomatoes in a cream sauce. My wife ordered chicken in lemon sauce with a side of spaghetti.
A basket of soft, warm rolls were served upon ordering, but without butter. There's a bottle of olive oil on the table for dipping, but it did not look like extra virgin, and didn't have much flavor.
The lightly breaded and fried goat cheese was served over arugula with diced tomatoes and a light vinaigrette. It was good, but not large enough of a portion for sharing.
My pappardelle was tasty at first, with good sundried tomato and mushroom flavor. However, the cream sauce was so rich, that once it started to cool off, it congealed into unappetizing glop.
My wife's dish consisted of six chicken breast tenders breaded and sautéed in a lemon sauce that was so thick with corn starch, it gave the meat a slimy, gelatinous mouthfeel that was gross.
The side dish of spaghetti was telling. How can an established Italian restaurant screw up spaghetti? Alas, it was overcooked, and the marinara sauce was heavily sweetened with sugar, which I find revolting. Also, I had to ask the waitress to find me some grated cheese, as none was offered, but even that did not help the poor, inedible spaghetti.
I'd  be willing to come back only to try the pizza, which looked pretty good, but the sugary tomato sauce still might kill it for me.I like this place a lot for it's unassuming atmosphere, easy to find location and menu options.  The food is a good quality and a generous serving size.  The rolls are a delicious starter.  My favorite pick has been the Melanzane Parmigiana, which was good.  I love eggplant and gravitate to it when ordering Italian.  This wasn't the best I've had.  Overall, good experience but not excellent.In moment of desperation to make dinner reservations on New Year's Eve, I am compelled to take back my previous negative thoughts of Pietro's Coal Oven Pizzeria. I had a much better experience a few nights ago than I did a few months ago.
The Service: 5/5
My first experience I had a pretty bad waiter. He was far from helpful and the restaurant was horrible at sending out dishes. The rest of my table (party of 6) had been served entrees and they had forgot mine in the window for around 12 minutes, wasn't even warm. This time the waiter was very friendly and very helpful. Made great suggestions and made the meal enjoyable helping me properly pronounce Italian words.
The Food: 4/5
I had ordered the fried calamari which I thought was fair. It wasn't what I was hoping for but I will say it was above standard. I had ordered the Vittello con Funghi. The sherry wine sauce was a little heavier than I had expected but that was probably due to the pecorino cheese. The saltiness of the cheese help flavor the mushrooms. The veal itself I didn't find it to be anything special but it was satisfying. The wild mushrooms were probably the best part of the dish rather than the veal. I only wished that there was more of it. 
The Atmosphere: 4/5
At times the noise level can get rather higher due to how open the restaurant and lack of walls. You will have some difficulty hearing across the table. 
As good as it was this time around. I have definitely expect the same quality and service on my third trip to Pietro's in the future.I have tried several of their entrees and pizzas and have never been disappointed. I would especially recommend the Pasta dishes. Call ahead for outdoor seating.Really good Italian food. Went here for the first time on Saturday and it was delicious. I was shocked for an italian place, there were a lot of beer options! Got the cheese platter which was really good. I wish there was more cheese variety though. The seafood fra diavolo was out of this world, highly recommend this. The chicken parm was good too. The staff was very polite and friendly. Definitely will go here again to try a pizza for family style dinner.Pietro's has very good, basic Italian food.  I like the chicken parmigian and the shrimp appetizer with zucchini.  I have never tried the pizza but it looks and smells delicious.  The dining room is VERY warm though, especially if you are sitting near the oven, so wear layers!just alright. food came out very fast. i ordered the chicken parm...chicken tasted rubbery and sauce was too robust/acidic for my liking. not the worst I have ever had, but certainly not the best.I always appreciate a well managed restaurant - and this is definitely a well managed one!  The pizza is terrific and seems to be the favorite here - baked in the coal fired oven. Salads are fresh and well prepared. The small plate appetizers served at the bar are very good. I had the mussels in red sauce. Delicious. Excellent service with a generous Happy Hour!  Will definitely return.Scrumptious Brick-Oven Pizza.
I must admit I haven't been here in a few years, but I used to be a fixture at this place awhile back and love their pizzas.
Pros:
Crispy thin crust baked to perfection in a brick-ovem
Loads of topping options (my favorite combo is goat and ricotta cheeses)
Top quality ingredients
Quick table service
Full Italian restaurant, so it's more than just a pizza joint
Cons:
A tad pricey for pizza, but worth it as a treat
Sometimes crowded and/or long wait timesAmbiance: 5/5 
Napoli pizza: 5/5 excellent, the crust was perfection. The pizza here is definitely the strong suit. 
Kale salad: 4/5, a solid salad. Not too intense w the flavors and a large portion. The apples were also yummy. However, it didn't blow my mind.Bolognese lasagna was quite delicious. Pizza was good, not great. The seating outside on Walnut St. during lunch hour provided for some great people watching. Overall 3.5 stars.I came here on a Monday afternoon, around 3pm, between the lunch rush and happy hour. I usually get pizza from Zavino, but wasn't in that section of town and thought to try something different. 
I ordered a prosciutto and arugula pizza, which was super greasy and had all the toppings falling off. Even though the waitress got me my pizza pretty fast, I didn't see her for the rest of my time there. The other waitresses basically ignored me. I left a 100% tip on the table and will never be going back. #TeamZavinoOk...so this place will always be special. Here's why:
My wife and I will be moving to Philly this summer. We were in town during spring break to check out apartments and stuff. This is sort of the first restaurant we went to after signing our lease for what will potentially be our home for the next few years.
Anyways, I digress....
The place has a very cozy, intimate feel, mainly because of the lighting. The bartender whipped up the most amazing Key Lime Martini I have ever had...so definitely a good beginning to the night. I ordered the Pasta Bolognese which was delicious. I also shared stuffed mushrooms with my wife...not 5* but definitely 4. All in all, a good date/family restaurant. Btw, it does get pretty warm, especially in the back section (which is nicer)...so prepare to peel off a few layers.Not the best but okay food. Worst thing is Service, we walked within last 30 minutes of closing so the server wasn't happy at all and before even letting us in he said you have only 30 minutes as we're closing. No smile at all and he brought the check with the order, seems like he doesn't like BROWN LATE COMERS. So pathetic and racist restaurant, will never go back.I went in to try the pizza ... ended up ordering the small (huge) caesar salad (delicious dressing!!) and the small (huge) spaghetti and meatballs .. everything was great.Great food. Great atmosphere. Pizza is cooked to perfection. Pastas are good. Nice portions.  Rent must have went up because the prices when up as well. Service is great as well.The front desk person at the hotel recommended the restaurant and it was great!  The food was excellent and or waitress was very helpful.  I had a the mussels with linguine which wasn't on the menu but she found it on the computer for only $2.00 more than the mussels appetizer.  My son had the spaghetti with meatballs but when it came we thought the dish was small with only 1 meatball (which was a perfect portion for him), it ended up being the child's serving which was half the price.We ordered a bunch of small plates during Happy Hour (you have to sit at the bar).  The bruschetta, mozzarella cheese, and stuffed meatballs were amazing! We also ordered an Artisan pizza. It was fabulous. Their happy hour choices from drinks to food are awesome & the price is great. A must try & we will be back!Settled in the heart of Rittenhouse, Pietro's is the best bang for your buck. Without a DOUBT.
Food 5/5
I've had a solid experience every single time and the portions are huge, hence the bang for your buck. The pizza is great and balanced. The sauce isn't overpowering like many places with its acidity. But come sit down and let me tell you about the stuffed meatballs. Stuffed? With what? SMOKED mozzarella. It's so good I can't even begin to explain. They're well sized and delicious already but imagine your fork cutting into the meatball and here oozes out cheese. What more do you want. In terms of pizza, the classic Pietro is great and so is the 4 cheese. 
Service 4/5
I typically sit at the bar because it's just easier to order. But the few times I'm at a table, they're accommodating and good all around. Nothing over the top but you'll be fine.
Ambience 4/5
It's really nice inside and fairly large. You can definitely accommodate a big group with ease. In the summers you can sit outside. 
This place is great for a date night or a bite while you're strolling around the city. It's right by the park so you can do that and it's also next to Coda, a club. Overall I've had great times here and the hosts are total sweethearts to boot. Highly recommend!I absolutely enjoy this restaurant. Every time I want a hearty meal and I'm in the Rittenhouse area I tend to come here. I always enjoy the Rigatoni Ala Vodka, the sauce is full of flavor and very creamy but I also like to add grilled chicken to it. 
For starters, we also always order the tomato basil mozzarella salad, so god. Another delicious pasta dish is the gemelli, the sauce is very light and perfectly seasoned. I have not had a bad meal here but at the same time, I have not ordered/tried their coal oven pizza.Love love loved this place. Got a pasta and four cheese pizza both were delicious. The pasta though won my heart.best rigatoni alla vodka ive had. 
great to go with a group of people- never been disappointed by this dish!Good spot, solid pizza and soups. 
The pizza are very crispy and have a nice charred flavor. Can't really speak to their entrees, because I always get soup and pizza (I really like the pasta e fagioli). Good option for a casual bite in Center City.My friends and I came here for a dinner on a Saturday, party of 7.  They did not take reservations, and as we found out, also were very strict in not seating 5 out of 7 people in our party.  I understand that they have a policy in not seating incomplete parties, but they were quite rude to us in the process.  They also had a number of open tables unused.  They reluctantly sat us when we had 6 people there.  
Now for the food.  The pizza was great, crust was light and crispy.  The mozzarella cheese was amazing.  
We ordered a veal dish, and a baked ziti with spicy sausage and peppers.  The veal had little taste, but the ziti was good.  
The servers seemed very busy the whole time, and barely able to keep up.  We wanted to add a salad in the middle of our meal, and we had to wait 8-10 mins before our server even came into sight.  
All in all, the food was decent, but the service lacking.  Would go there again occasionally, or for takeout...Highly disappointed. The hostess was friendly and welcoming but it all went downhill from there. The waiter seemed sleepy, appeared too tired to be at work (although I don't think it's for lack of sleep) and reluctant to get Judy about anything. The pizza was mediocre at best. The tuna salad (with canned tuna) was also stale. The place was nearly dark and too cold for comfort. I will clearly not return.I recently went here for lunch and sat outside and had a great meal.  I wasn't too hungry but I ended up eating a ton because the food was delicious.  It's not the healthiest of places so be prepared to leave your diet at home.  My friend and I ordered the rigatoni a la vodka and the red pesto pizza with spinach (napoli pizza).  My favorite pasta is rigatoni and this place cooked it perfectly al dente with pork pancetta.  I think anything with pancetta and cream is going to be delicious but the diced onions that were clearly sauteed in butter added more flavor as well.  The restaurant also gives you plenty of olive oil and fresh bread (I think it's mini ciabatta?).  The pizza was delicious as well.  There was a great deal of sauteed spinach and mozzarella, which I'm not a huge fan of but there was the perfect amount.  I'm not a huge pizza crust person but this one was slightly crunchy on the outside and warm and soft on the inside.  The red pesto was also amazing.  (I'm a huge pesto fan though so that may have biased me!)  I brought a few slices as leftovers home and reheated in the microwave a few hours later, my boyfriend said it was too greasy for him.  However, I'm convinced it was just olive oil and the melted cheese (and the fact that he's not a big pizza fan).
The hostess was slow and not too sharp, but the servers and bus boys were clearly working very hard and handled the lunch rush very well.  Our waitress was very cheerful and attentive but not overly fake or annoying.  I feel like people really enjoy the salads here too so I will definitely be back to try them since the pasta and pizza can be a bit too heavy!Food is very good and portion sizes are very nice. Staff is always friendly. Very loud, which makes it a little hard to communicate with wait staff. Overall good experience but they do get you in and out at a pace that feels rushed. This is great if you are trying to get to a show, but not so when you are trying to have a relaxing meal.
*pizza and rigatoni vodka are awesome!Great big pizzas, cool patio seating, nice drinks and friendly staff!!I always like Pietro's. Good food at reasonable prices. This week things slid. The salad that I paid $13 for 5 years ago now costs just under $22. I was put on hold when I called for 4 minutes to place the order. When I got there I waited another 15 mins for the salad. This is because the take out counter person was on the phone taking other orders. Takeout used to be delivered to the counter so the takeout person wasn't running back and forth. Finally when you ask for onions on a salad when you've told them you don't want the olives...and they charge you for onions 
 ? Just poor form. They are making out better foregoing the olives. 
Hence the average rating.Been here several times and had a good time each time. I love the atmosphere, in the evenings it is candle lit. The servers are helpful and super nice. The food is pretty reasonably priced and very tasty (the muscles!) I keep hearing good things about the pizza, but to be honest i haven't tried it, next time I will!
PROS:
- reasonable prices
- delicious food
- good location near shopping and Rittenhouse Square Park
CONS:
-both times I've went here for some reason I've been chilly, so dress accordingly
TIPS:
- this is a very romantic place, with lots of candlelight and atmosphere. This would be a great date night spot. It's also really fun for friends. I personally would not take the kiddos here (but then again I have only ever been at night.)Great service! And quite possibly the best oven fired pizza I've ever had. Don't forget dessert! Their chocolate mousse was to die for!Good Italian food at large portion sizes but the prices are a little high. Great location, right by Rittenhouse Square, there is outdoor seating as well. The service was decent and the food was great, i had the penne a la vodka with gluten free pasta and let me tell you, this was the first gluten free pasta i've had that doesn't melt away. The gluten free pasta was firmer and tasted somewhat similar to the real deal! Normally you get that nasty mushy gluten free pasta that makes you want to throw the meal away. This was awesome! The sauce was good too and the portion was huge, i couldn't finish my meal and had to bring it home. My coworkers ordered different salads which were also appetizing but way too big to finish. We come here every so often for lunch but not as often as we would like because of the high prices. The inside of the restaurant is a little dated looking as well. We sat way at the back by the pizza ovens so it wasn't the best spot to eat at - next time i'll try sitting outside.DISGUSTING DRINKS! The drinks here are super disgusting with no flavor....For an upscale place you would think they would know how to make decent drinks but nope! Not only are they disgusting but they are also super pricy! 
The Margherita pizza was delicious, I'd say probably one of the bests I've had in philly! The crust was perfect and the pizza had a great sweet taste from the basil.
The dessert was too dry....I expected it to be moist since it was a chocolate mousse cake but it was sooooo dry! 
I don't think I'll ever be back for drinks or dessert but maybe some pizza...:Went here for a business lunch today. We got two regular size salads (arugula and Caesar), a large pizza (Brussel pizza - AMAZING), and one person ordered gluten free pasta. This was PLENTY of food for all of us. I absolutely loved the arugula salad. It was light and perfect. The sun-dried tomatoes in this salad were delicious, by far my favorite part. A little bit sweet with the peppery arugula and the touch of vinaigrette and the saltiness of the shaved slivers of Parmesan was wonderful. 
We chose the brussel sprout pizza (yes, brussel sprouts on a pizza). The balsamic reduction was tasty and the brussel sprouts were savory and crunchy. Definitely a must try at this restaurant. Where else will you get this kind of pizza?
I will be back, probably this week, for the arugula salad again. For sure.The idea of a salad for lunch usually depresses me. For my half hour of bliss, I want something warm and hearty. But Pietro's salads have changed my mind forever about salads. 
Every single one of them is delicious. However, you MUST get it with chicken (grilled or sauteed, both will bring a smile to your face). The best part about these salads is that they are huge. I mean really really huge. You can split them with another person and still have some left over. One of the best $7 take out choices available (salads run about $14 with the chicken added). 
They also have Delicious pasta (there's one with arugula, tomatoes and chicken that i love) and their pizza isn't too shabby. 
Worth checking out.I went to Pietros with 3 other girls and we managed to find food that avoided meat, shellfish, and peanuts.  Whew!
We split a large Insalata Mista as an appetizer, which was gigantic and way too much food for 4 people's apps.  We also split a medium Bianca pizza and a medium Gardinera pizza. The Bianca was probably the most disappointing white pizza I've ever had - neither the cheese nor the herbs had strong enough flavor.  The Gardinera was better, but still not amazing.  Maybe if we had ordered a meat/shellfish/peanut pizza, it would have been better...Really great family-style restaurant. Surprisingly large space when you look in from the outside. Cozy and comfortable. 
The food:
Insalata florentine - Fresh spinach, pine nuts, golden raisins, croutons, gorgonzola cheese, in sherry orange vinaigrette
-the vinaigrette is to die for and very light in terms of flavor. The real treat is the golden raisins along side the pine nuts. Little bursts of sweetness against the smokiness of the pine nuts. Great to share.
Pizzas:
Napoli
Baby spinach, pine nuts, sun dried tomato, mozzarella
-Really fresh veggie pizza with the tomato pesto and spinach. Huge fan of the pine nuts and sun-dried tomato flavor combo. Not too heavy or too oily. Great alternative to a more basic non-meat pizza.
Barese
Special roasted sausage, hot pesto, tomato, basil, mozzarella
-Oily pizza because of the hot pesto and the fat of the sausage. However, it is immensely flavorful and the herb blends really intensify the taste. Worth it. 
Pasta: 
Rigatoni alla Vodka 
Rigatoni pasta in a tomato cream sauce with red onions, pork pancetta, vodka, pecorino cheese.
Easily one of their best. Rigatoni really sucks up the sauce, which is rich and flavorful without being too overpowering. Great portion size and color.
Appetizer:
Fried calamari: very simple, light breading with tender rings. First time in a long time that I've had a dish of calamari in which every ring was edible and soft. Marinara keeps it light with the lemon. Classic and delicious.I think Pietros deserves a 3.5 rating, but I can only give stars in whole numbers so I picked 3. 
This is definitely a good place to go if you're shopping in the area and are hungry for some Italian, want to have a casual dinner without getting too dressed up, or just want to order in. However, if you're looking for a classier, more upscale experience, it shouldn't be your first or second or third option. 
The pizza is great (and so is their Siciliana salad), but the lady who works at the door is a little impolite. 
Definitely recommended if you're looking for a casual/ tasty/low-key dining experience.Disclaimer:  I have never ordered food other than the pizza.
Pietro's is pretty good pizza. I wouldn't say it's amazing, but it's good. I really like the crust especially. 
When I think about pizza places around the city there are very few at which I would want to eat a meal. Most I would rather do by-the-slice or takeout and eat at home. I like picking out specific toppings for pizza and they have some good ones. To me, Pietro's is best used as a place to take your family when they're visiting Philly and you're walking around the Rittenhouse neighborhood. There are certainly better options but when you're trying to please a few different people.....pizza is easy.Nothing special about this place. I don't know if it is part of a chain but it feels like that. It has an Uno's type feel to it. The waitress forgot to check back with us so we never got to order the second beers we wanted.I don't fully understand why I had returned to this place so many times. I would make my order to go. They usually tell me it will take about 20 minutes, and when I return, my order is usually waiting. They get points for timeliness.
My real issue is the food. Can you say "salt"? I mean, their dishes are really over the top salty. The pasta fagioli (sp??) soup broth is like brine, meanwhile the other components have normal flavors. The prosciutto and mozzarella could be better if the dish were grilled and not fried. Cheese is oily enough (and there's a lot of cheese too!).
The salad with tuna (not tuna salad as you would want to think) was my favorite for a very short time. The first time, i had forgotten to ask for dressing on the side. Beware of that. My salad was quite slicked up. The next time I had remembered to make the request, and it was ok. I recently had this salad  though (no dressing at all, since there is avocado in it anyway), and the tuna tasted (almost) cured. Also, there are caper berries in this salad...you know, the big ones with stems. Why don't we just burst a can of salt on the dish and call it a day? I like salt in my diet, but these dishes are just over the top.
Apart from that, the portions are pretty large for the amount one pays. No complaints in sizing. Maybe I've just made some bad selections, but I don't feel like proving myself wrong about this restaurant.  :(Several times I have been here and each time I come, its like coming for the first time again and in my opinion if you can make me feel like my experience is new and different as well as pleasant then that's a very good thing to do in my book.
This particular day I was meeting a client for a post-birthday meal and cocktail.
 It was her treat so I decided on the Lasagna and a glass of Merlot which they had neither on the menu....Bummer! Because I was looking forward to the Lasagna from the last time. It was really good. Hot, tasty and filling.
 For $14 a dish plus wine, a sauvignon, this is a nice Italian meal and dining experience to have alone or with a friend. I ordered the Ravioli instead and a side of 3 meatballs which were really good. Baked to cutting perfection they more than compensated for the four slices of ravioli I had on the plate. We dined at the bar which was different because that was my first time dining at the bar here. 
There's something about Italian food whether you have a lot or a little because when I left the place, I was STUFFED. I felt like a pinata and at any minute some little Latino kid was going to come up and hit me with a stick til I burst open.
 I even kept looking around for long objects in passerby's hands, Hahahaha but I was really full and the experience is always pleasant there. 
Thanks again guys and keep up the good service from over the years.This place has absolutely terrible service. Arrived around 7pm on a Saturday night and put our name down for a table of 6 people and were told that it'd be a half hour wait. The hostess took down my number, which when making an in-person reservation implies that the restaurant will call when the table is ready. To my dismay, when I called an hour later, the hostess and manager informed me that their policy is to never call the customer. The hostess had never informed me of that while I was making the reservation. Completely unacceptable. I had been there once before and also experienced subpar service with average food. Don't go here unless you want to deal with incredibly rude and ignorant staffGreat food and awesome service. Qadir from Hotel Sonesta recommended this place and it is spot onI can't believe it has taken me so long to review this place, as I've been eating here for over a year.
My favorite Italian place in Rittenhouse. Everything I have eaten here has been awesome. The pizza is tasty, but I often prefer to get chicken parm, the vegetable pasta dish, salmon, or the pasta figlioli soup with salad. The service is always great and their bottles of wine are decently priced. Often I find that Italian restaurants do not live up to my expectations because the sauce is lacking. That is not the case with Pietro's. To end the evening, I recommend getting the tiramisu with an espresso...you won't regret it!Used to be such a good place for pasta.  Now there's so much sauce that it's like would you pasta to go with your sauce. Just swimming in it. Disgusting.Truly a beautiful restaurant aesthetically. Service was ok but not terribly attentive. The bread was very good. The coal oven pizza was, sadly, not very good. The crust was too hard and bland. $30 (after tip) is too much for pizza and a soda for 1. With better pizza, a personal pizza size would do well for their lunch crowd. In the end, though, a disappointment.Amazing pizza. Great atmosphere with tasty wine. Very easy walking to from the hotel we stayed at. Every dish that went by us looked better and better. Staff was very attentive and friendly. Great date place.Always hot, fresh and expertly served. I we t with my two nephews and they were able to easily find menu options. The salads are delicious and huge. The salmon dish is consistently delicious.I have been here for years.   The service and food here are hit or miss.   Sometimes are good sometimes are bad. This time is the worst one yet.   My niece asked for lemonade he gave her milk.  We tried to tell our waiter but he ignored and walked away.  My friend's dad tried to order a yuengling light but they don't have it.  Our waiter doesn't know that yuengling light does exist and he gave him an altitude like he is stupid or something.  He came by twice and a check on the third time.  We went and get dessert somewhere else since he wants us to leave so bad. He didn't ask how's the food or if we want more water.  
As I said before. This place is hit or miss so good luckStopped in on a whim with Wife and our 12 year old daughter and niece. It was a nice relaxing friendly atmosphere after a long day on our feet. Staff was extremely kind and helpful. We ordered a few drinks. Staff was very attentive and our drinks were always full. Fresh baked bread was brought to the table. We ordered the Family size eggplant parmesan with spaghetti. Hands down best spaghetti we've had at a restaurant. Eggplant was ok. Sauce was delicious. We couldn't finish the meal, the family portion is huge. Meal and drinks were priced appropriately. We would love to go back again.6 of us from our office went here for lunch today.  We arrived at 12 and we didn't have to wait for a table but they were definitely getting busy.
The menu seemed to be filled with family-style Italian.  We ended up getting a large Insalata Siciliana (a mixed green salad with mozzarella, roasted peppers, olives, carrots, grape tomatoes, artichokes, and a great house dressing) and two medium pizzas: Barese
Special (roasted sausage, hot pesto, tomato, basil, mozzarella) and Four Cheese.  Everything was delicious and I'm typically not that big of a salad fan but it was great.
Service however was definitely lacking.  Our server came over one time to refill one persons drink and we never saw her again until it was time to box things up.  Though it was the lunch rush you have to find a way to better get people refills of water and soda.The worst and most expensive pizza I have ever had, and pizza is my favorite food. The crust was thin and unchewably tough; there was no perceivable tomato sauce or sausage; the pepperoni was awful; not at all what I expected. Then for the sticker shock: their smallest pizza and two beers came in at almost $50!!! No offer of accommodation was made for my disappointing experience. P.s. The pizza didn't look like the photos on their website.Not really understanding the good reviews of the food, the pizza especially. I dunno I'm a little confused. It all tasted fine, but I wasn't really impressed with anything. I guess I had a pretty nice glass of wine.
The service was good, the space was big, but not entirely interesting. It seemed like a nice version of an olive garden. The pizza was pretty standard brick oven pizzeria, with standard italian salad, standard chicken parmesan. I mean none of that was disappointing. Everything was A-OK. Prices were pretty good to be honest. I think it's a nice place to take a family or big group when you want a standard nice place that won't offend or risk alienating anyone.Ate here twice in four days while on vacation.  Terrific pizza - thin crust, homemade sauce, everything fresh and tasty.  Staff is amazing - friendly, very attentive, smiling, even on a very busy Friday night.  The small Caesar salad is plenty for two, and is made with fresh lettuce with NO wilted or soft leaves !!  The place is refreshingly clean, and the ladies room really pleased my fussy wife.  This restaurant was highly recommended to us, and we pass this "high recommendation" on to you.I wanted a white pizza with chicken on it. Seems simple. I asked for a create your own but they didn't have white pizza there. Ok cool- so I asked for one on the menu, but without bacon, because I don't eat red meat. They refused to do it! I asked-- you assemble these right now right? Like someone back there is going to make this? Yes of course! Well.. when you get to the part where you're about to put bacon on, can you just.. not? No.
I got something else and the pizza was ok, but if I'm paying that much for pizza, I want it my way. Overall, meh.Came here often with big parties for its family style Italian. Always had a blast because of the company I kept.
My favorite dish is the Linguini Cielo e Mare -- shrimp, chicken breast in a creamy tomato sauce. I used to order this every time I dined here. 
I think the place deserves 3 stars because the service wasn't always stellar. The bread was sometimes cold. And other dishes I've ordered weren't as great or outstanding as the aforementioned pasta.
Would come back if with my sisters and in the mood for this particular dish!Really just not good.  
As mentioned in a few reviews, my pie was beyond greasy.  This usually doesn't bother me (I did order a pizza, not rabbit food), but the insane amount of oil also tasted old and of poor quality in addition to there just being too damn much of it.  I had the Napoli, a combination of mozzarella, pine nuts (browned in oil), spinach (sautéed in oil), and sun-dried tomatoes (you guessed it...bathed in oil).  The ingredients themselves also tasted straight up funky; I have never been so turned off by spinach in my life.  Picking it off would have been an easier task had it not been frozen with that shred-easy texture.  I ended up eating a slice and a half of my 13 incher, and then trashed the rest, even though it was supposed to follow me to the airport and feed me again on my flight back to California.  
I ordered to-go when I got to the restaurant - if you do still choose to eat here (obviously not advised unless you are trying out new edible car fuel), order ahead.  A thin crust pizza should never take 20 minutes to make.  Ever.I'm shocked the stars are so low.  This is a great fancy pizzeria for the whole family.  Staff is amazing.  Food is good.  Sure the pizza isn't the most awesome, like a Mario's or whatever local spot you go to because it has that perfect sauce, BUT this is a great classy pizza restaurant with great service.I have been to this place a few times and I say it's not bad. Coming from NYC the prices here are not too bad. I am sure for philly you can consider this place expensive. Overall I got a big piece of veal burned around the edges. The pasta was kinda bland rice balls not bad. The pizza was good also and brick oven. I would recommend this place if you want decently price Italian food in Philly. Do not get a philly cheese steak here as there are a few better places to get it from.I keep coming back for the tuna salad and I still love it.  It has become a real mainstay lunch or dinner for me.Delicious Italian food with an extensive menu. Average service and atmosphere, reasonable prices! Would recommend for a casual date or family night out.Delicious food, great atmosphere, and friendly waitstaff. Went here for our last dinner in Philly, and the pasta was amazing. For an appetizer, we were going to get mozzarella sticks (they were cheaper than the fried fresh mozzarella) but when we told our waiter he insisted we try the fresh mozzarella, and boy was he right! It was served with spinach and ham and it was DELICIOUS. I don't think I can ever go back to eating regular mozzarella sticks again. My mother's spaghetti with her Chicken Parmesan was cold, she said, but my pasta with arugula was hot and amazing. We were so full we had to get boxes after hardly making a dent in our dishes. Definitely will go back again.They try...but, needs flavor! Don't expect NY style. The crust is the best part, if that's what you're there for. Ha Cool, chill spot.We went to this restaurant with a group of 20- they were happy to accommodate our large party. Since I arrived early to the reservation, I got a drink at the bar- the bartender was slow as molasses. For dinner we ordered 4 family style dishes for 11 people and it was perfect. The limone chicken is a must have. The food was AMAZING.  You won't regret it. 
We did have an issue with the check-the waitress counted our cash wrong and therefore put too much balance on the cards we were using. Once we challenged her, she acknowledged that she counted the cash wrong and reversed the charge- but good thing we paid attention!  
The service hiccups are what keep this review from 5 stars.The food here was pretty good, but we had a pretty lazy and uninterested waitress so that may create some hesitation on going back. 
Terrible service. I just can't appreciate places that are THIS judgmental and obsessed with identifying their best tip options for the night. You need to treat everyone equally, whether we're in a big group, two people just hanging out, or even if a couple of people are walking in on a whim and not exactly dressed high class enough for you.
As for the food though, it was pretty good and I enjoyed it. Definitely what I expected but also not something so extraordinary that it warrants their staff treating people like dirt. They're always pretty busy and get good turnover so you can be pretty sure that the food is always fresh. I like their outdoor seating, sort of. There's a lot of foot traffic and a lot of noise and cars driving by the whole time too. Outdoor seating in Philly is a bit overdone. We need more quality, not quantity!
I'll prob end up back here sometime. If I see that same waitress though oh boy, she's getting an ear full!Starting the bread basket and olive oil Pietro's is a great restaurant. The salads are fresh and superb (get the sautéed chix) the pizza is thin and crispy. All in all, if you want good meal come to pietros!Good pizza and a nice atmosphere that accepts kids!!  We will visit again.Love this place! Came for happy hour last week and loved it! Happy hour specials are great - definitely try their cocktails - the Fig/Cran martini was my fave! Plus the food specials are great - we got the meatballs, calamari, mozzarella, and risotto balls and all were delish. We were so full we didn't get to try the pizza, but will definitely be back to do so!Sub-par Italian food...judgmental service...not sure if I will go back. To give them credit, I went with a group of 15 people and the server did a great job of working with a large party. The surrounding workers who observed our group make me feel uncomfortable and judged throughout our visit. The food was good but I've had better Italian dishes.I wanted to love this place. It's awesome on the inside, very cool place to eat. Waitstaff was fine. Bread was awesome and fresh, salad was great. Pizza not so hot, the crust is great. I think if we ordered a simple margarita or pepperoni it would have been good. 
The weekly special pizza wasn't good. The meatballs were weird and bready, I make better meatballs.All things considered -  I am a fan of Pietro's.  In fact, it is my favorite Italian restaurant in the tri-state area, and here's why :
1. Food isn't pretentious (nor is the atmosphere), but it is consistency well-prepared.  
 - may I recommend ANY of the pizzas and the pappardella alla Toscana if you are not really into tomato saucy dishes? :-)
2.  Location Location Location - Rittenhouse Square Park and shopping all around!  Good way to walk off a meal of Pietro's size :-)
3. Um, so, Pietro's is very dear to my heart as my first dinner here transformed my life into the life that I am leading now with my love of my life :-)  we met here!
I mean, am I settling on Pietro's as "my favorite Italian restaurant that's, well, not in Italy"? Haha, for now I am!  Hey, I've never been to Italy, so don't judge me so quickly ;-)I was there for a birthday party with 15+ people, so we ordered everything and I tried everything.  Calamari, pasta, pizza, tiramisu.  Really good food.  I would definitely go back.  My only complaint was that the meat topping pizzas weren't meat-hefty.  Next time I need to card-load before a long distance run like the Broad Street Run, I know where to go.Food is good service is mediocre at bes
Way too long of a wait between salad and pizzaFood was great and the servers were very nice. 
I want to come back. 
The pizza was great and the calamari was to die for.I don't know what it is but since the first time I had the arugula salad here, I've been addicted. What is in that dressing? I don't know but it's just do good. Best salad in the city. I'll often go to the bar, order a drink, and eat. They have a small, but good beer selection. Mainly PA beers. My last experience I ordered the pasta soup and it came out cold, and all the veggies were hard like they were just thrown in. I still gave this four stars because I've ordered that many times and it's never happened. My bartender was nice, and asked what was wrong but I never send things back. Apparently the pizzas great. A worthwhile place for the food, but if you're looking for friendly service, choose elsewhere.  That's never been their strong point.I went here Sunday evening with my boyfriend as it is his current favorite pizza place in his neighborhood. Pietro's pizza is delicious. The crust is crispy on the outside and fluffy inside, just like roman bread. If you've been to Rome, you know what I'm talking about. The odd thing is that their bread basket is not the same quality. Perhaps they have some hack bakery deliver these? If they are made in house, get the guy/girl who makes the pizza dough to share their tips, please! 
In any case the pizza toppings are fresh, and good quality. We enjoyed a pizza with arugula and proscuito. Delish.
The other downside is that the bus boy staff needs to be trained like the waiters/waitresses. We asked for a cruet of balsamic vinegar only to have it taken back 5 minutes later for another table. Did Pietros only have one cruet of vinegar for the entire restaurant? Seemed quite odd.
I found the service in general to be good, the ambiance nice but casual. The only other negative to my mind is that the restaurant is loud. Accoustically it has too many hard surfaces that make a tete a tete almost impossible to hear. For this reason, while the menu and the interior may be great for a romantic meal, I'd like to hear what my date has to say.Pietro's just .. gets me. 
Friends will tell you I like pizza. Just kidding. They'll roll their eyes and tell you that I LOOOOVE pizza. And it's true. 
The person that hates my unremitting affection for pie? My boyfriend.
Well, guess what. He's away on vacation. What has two thumbs and plans on eating pizza the entire time he's away? THIS girl. 
I was feeling a little bit fancy (okay, lazy) the other day and decided to order my own pie. I checked Pietro's website to see if delivery was available, and it is, but only to the Rittenhouse area of the city; otherwise, you'll need to order for take-out. 
The delivery man called shortly before arriving at my building, so I was waiting for just a second when I saw him walk through the door, and I heard angelic refrains in my head and saw the delivery man's aura (maybe it was the pizza) glimmering. 
Okay, enough build-up. Let's talk pizza. I ordered a Pietro's Classic, which has mozzarella cheese, arugula, and prosciutto as toppings. The pizza arrived hot, and the crust was crispy and cooked to perfection and will run you about $14. If you order anything from Pietro's, let this pie be it. (Or, you know .. the calamari or mussels, because those are both good too.)The pizza was eh.. and the service was horrible.  Guess when your used to having great pizza its hard to eat a place that doesn't at least wow you with service when the food was mediocre.Great authentic Italian food and good portions !After 15 minutes wait for my dish they dropped it on the floor,took it away and brought it back in 2 minutes.sorry I'm not eating from the floor.Given its location, it would be easy to assume this place to have mediocre pizza, just good enough to appease the tourists.  Fortunately, that is not the case at all.  
Pietro's is a warm, comfortable place, with great food at reasonable prices.   They use fresh ingredients for everything. 
If you're a pepperoni fan, I suggest a pizza with pepperoni and onions.  The pepperoni is slightly sweet, thick, and flavorful.  The white mozzarella gives it a unique and light texture.  
Everything i've had here is very good (pizza, pasta, salads, appetizers, etc.)
Another great thing is that you typically do not need to wait for a table.  Very accommodating, but rarely empty.  A solid Rittenhouse destination.the 1 star is ONLY based on the dessert here. I was craving a sweet cake and the only option i had on a pouring sunday late night was to get Pietro's. I decided to get it for take-out (I know how odd this situation is) and sat at the bar. 
First of all, the lady in charge of the take-out took FOREVER to get my cake once I put in the order. All she had to do was give me the plastic bag w/ my dessert box inside, but she was too busy talking on the phone. So I was bascially staring at her for 15minutes with my credit card clicking on the table. 
Second, I got a slice of tiramisu and cheesecake. I can easily say that it was absolutely the WORST two slices of cake I got at an italian restaurant. The tiramisu was so weird cuz it tasted like artificial sugar. The cheesecake was not elegant at all and according to my sister (which I don't really agree), it tasted like pure creamcheese. I thought it was just......idk how else to say it. BAD. Both were HORRIBLE and I would NEVERRRRR get dessert from here ever again.