We went here for a birthday dinner and oh boy was it delicious. We ordered the whole grilled fish, which was a branzino that night. The fish was perfectly cooked!! It was soft and flakey and super tasty. We stripped it right from the bone piece by piece. We also ordered the grilled cauliflower, which was complete with a caviar paste. The cauliflower was perfectly cooked and super yummy and flavorful. We also ordered a bottle of wine to complete our meal. I definitely recommend eating here!! The atmosphere is boho chic, the staff are super attentive and the owner is very nice.The drinks deserve an enthusiastic 5/5 for flavor.  They have a great list of unique beers and fancy cocktails.  The raspberry flute was extremely tasty.  Not too sweet, no alcohol taste, just smooth.  
Decor is fantastic.  Looks like they ordered from Etsy :P lots of reclaimed wood, poofy ottomans, and interesting chandeliers and other lighting.  My kind of place.
Prices are a bit steep, but I heard they have great happy hour specials.  I'll keep that in mind for next time.
I docked a star because, while I understand this is a seafood restaurant, they make exceptions for things like a burger or brisket sandwich, but seem to have no vegetarian options aside from salad.  It could alienate certain people if you have a large party coming in.I really wanted to love this place because it caught my eyes immediately with its artistic outdoor space and punny window painting of "Friends with Benedicts" next to a crab. Then I found out it had happy hour 4:30 - 6:30 pm EVERY day, which meant $1 oysters, clams, shrimps on a Saturday! Yessss.
The inside is very Bohemian feel, and felt like it could totally be a hipster's arts & crafts workshop if you took away all the tableware. Spent 10 mins just absorbing in all the art and documenting it. That aside, we practically ordered everything on the happy hour menu.
HOWEVER.
$1 oysters were on the extra small size (~3 inches), with a briny note and a mineral finish. I prefer larger and sweeter ones, so these were ok in my book. This was the first raw oyster experience for some ppl in our party, so I was let down that this was their first (and possibly) last impression for them. If you're really craving raw oysters on the weekend, this place seals the deal, but I'd wait for the weekday $1 deal at Oyster House instead.
$1 clams were not super fresh. Flesh was not sweet, and the taste was very fishy. Would've probably passed if I got to sample.
$1 shrimp was large, but not juicy nor sweet. It reminded me of the AYCE shrimp from buffets. Mediocre as well.
Fried cauliflower was WAY sour for some reason, like someone tripped and spilled lemon juice all over it. I would've liked it if it weren't for the sourness. 
Other items we ordered that were decent, but not memorable to order again - vodka martini (pretty strong), fried calamari (could be crispier), 8oz Wagyu burger ($14, but was it really Wagyu?)
Yummy items worth re-ordering: duck fat fries (hard to get these wrong) and scallop ceviche. 
Overall, could've, would've, should've been the new seafood go-to place but I wasn't impressed by the standards they held their seafood to.Great experience! They have a great happy hour everyday of the week. Went in with friends for a cocktail and apps and everything was great. Service was above the top as well! Definitely going back soon!Atmosphere and Service get 5 stars.
The food on the other hand was just ok.  
Ordered the Salmon Tartare which wasn't tartare at all.  It was actually cooked and was loaded with chopped onions.  It was more like a salmonfish salad.  Ended up sending it back.  Looking at the menu again after the fact, it does say 'poached', but that doesn't make sense because tartare mean 'served raw' so the fact that it was cook threw us all off.  
I ordered the lobster special with the grilled corn.  Having checked the website prior to going. I saw a picture of a lobster cut in half and grilled.  On the web it looked amazing.  What I got was the whole lobster cooked and just plopped on my plate.  It was very basic presentation, very messy and not at all what I was expecting.  The quality of the lobster was good, fresh and well cooked, but it was just a lobster with butter.  
Also ordered the bloody mary shrimp cocktail.  The shrimp were good and a large size, but there was no ummph to it.  Compared to the picture on line with the chili rimmed glass and spices, it was very basic.
Fried Cauliflower was amazing.  
Friends had the steak which was good but nothing to write home about.
I think this place has a lot of potential.  Maybe we just came on the wrong night.Wow.  So much about the place is so right.  (Our server was amazingly clueless, but I don't really care.  Everything else was so good I forgot all about her thankfully.)  It's hard to single any one item out bc we ate damn near everything on the menu, but I'd recommend doing what we did and go with a group (we had 6) and simply go nuts.  Gun to the head top 3?  Scallops, cauliflower and salmon.  The sauces are divine.  Portions are small, but so flavorful.  Didn't partake in the cocktails, but that'll be chapter 2 after the next visit.  They sound great.  This place is gonna be around for awhile.  No doubt.This place is so cute! Stopped in for happy hour yesterday, food and drinks were great and staff was very friendly and attentive. Will definitely return!This review is for their happy hour dinner experience. After discovering their $1 oysters and clams HH deal, I had to come here, yes, 2 nights in a row. Maybe I was craving oysters??
The service was fantastic. On the second night we were served by a fairly new person - I believe his name was Benjamin. He was very friendly and attentive. The oysters were my personal favorite and my friend likes the clams. We also shared the fried Brussel sprouts with are well seasoned and addicting.
I had a sip of my friend's mojito and although I'm no expert, I do think the drink could have been mixed better. I'm definitely going to come here again for their happy hour if I have an oyster craving!This place was bananas good. We seriously tried 90% of the menu the other night and there wasn't one thing I didn't think was amazing. I suspect this place will prob start getting much more crowded once people are back from the shore in the fall.  I was pretty pleased with the prices too.Stopped in to Pine Fish on Saturday of the July 4th weekend. We were happy to find they offer a happy hour 7 days of the week. We had the oysters, which were fresh and shucked perfectly in that neither one of us chewed on any shell pieces. We also had the octopus, which we really liked, but the star of our meal was the crab cake. The service was great and we also really liked the decor. We'll definitely be back soon.Ahhmazing. A new find that blew my mind. Not many other places in Philly have an oyster happy hour but this is the one you need to be at. 4:30-6:30, 7 days a week. The oysters and clams are amazing. The drink concoctions are ethereal. With a vibe that's half mermaid and half uptown exclusive, everyone feels welcome. The dinner and appetizer specials will melt in your mouth and wrap your taste buds in a divine blanket of flavour. The staff is top notch and the management will make sure your experience is perfect. If you haven't been, you are missing out.This restaurant got good reviews and was close to our house, so we decided to try it. I really wanted to like it.
First, our waitress was odd.  She said to us" you aren't locals, are you?"  We said we lived very close. She seemed annoyed. I ordered two things and my husband ordered three items. She made it so two of his came out first , and nothing if mine. Then he ordered a beer, and after 5 minutes she came back to say she was trying to get the bartenders attention. The bartender was standing there doing nothing. 
I could get by the odd service if the food was good. My husband orders the wedge salad. The menu didn't say what dressing, and nobody asked.  It came out and the salad had beautiful vegetables but was covered in large amounts of pink ,gloppy dressing. I asked the waitress what it was- and she said" 1000 island or Russian.  I don't know". This dressing tasted like cheap dressing and ruined the salad.  
I ordered the brisket. The menu said it had mustard and onions on it. When it came, there was no mustard or onions. I asked the waitress, and she said they were mixed in. Really?  The sandwich was salty and mushy. Best thing is, they brought me some of the pink, globby dressing with my fries. (Our neighbor table had crab crakes- and they were fried with the same dressing!)
My husband said the whole fish was good. Even though that was the case, I can't get over how bad everything else was. 
I will not be back.My husband and I tried Pinefish on a weeknight- There was only one other couple dining in the restaurant at the time. 
We started with two small plates, mussels and grilled octopus, both which we liked (hence the two stars). Our issue was unfortunately the service. we placed an order for a burger (medium). 15 or so minutes go by, and the waitress comes over to apologize that the burger is taking so long, "the kitchen is backed up". We thought this odd given there was only one other couple in the restaurant, but weren't in a rush so told her not to worry. Another fifteen minutes go by, without any further explanation, before the burger arrives...and it is raw. We explain the waitress given the wait we will just take the check. We receive it with the burger still on the check, and have to then call the manager over who had been sitting at the bar the entire time we were there aside from chatting with the other table. She blamed the waitress for not telling her, but offered no apology or explanation for why it took 30 minutes for a raw burger. I've worked in the restaurant industry for several years and think of myself as an easy to please customer who understands the snafus can that occur- unfortunately the manager's handling of the situation reflected really poorly on the restaurant.pinefish is easily my favorite neighborhood spot! The staff is extremely friendly and accommodating! Leslie and Lauren make the experience exceptional with their upbeat personalities and their unprecedented service !! I have never been disappointed by the food and look forward to their happy hour all week! I highly recommend stopping by if you are in the neighborhood or looking for your new regular bar!!!Hmmmmm.....I struggle with this review. I love the idea of a new seafood restaurant in the neighborhood. The interior is funky, cool and dark. The bar is small. The happy hour menu is great on first blush and the price points are great however they are consistently out of a lot of items or are they??  Why they are always out of the lobster roll they are simultaneously pushing a lobster tasting menu which obviously comes at a much higher price point. Strange and kind of manipulative. The food they do have is hit or miss. Have had the octopus twice; first time perfect second time inedible. I don't think I will be returning.Great mussels
The scallops, ceviche and roasted tomatoes were . 
The key lime dessert was delish
The food quality was better than I was expecting, so I would definitely recommend it. 
The service was a little wonky the night we went. Always courteous but sometimes MIA and an ordered dish was missed/forgotten/took very long so we cut it out. Server apologized at the end and said that they were dealing with a birthday party. I didn't care so much for the tablets they used to check us in or take our orders, because it still seems rude to me to be looking at a tablet, but I know that's the way the world is going and I have to get used to it. 
I would go back and give them a second chance at service!Happy hour was legit. I always go for the cauliflower  and 1$ oysters. The cauliflower always takes a long time to be served but it's really worth the waiting it will totally change your opinion on cauliflower. No kidding. Dessert is a must! Cheesecake brownie was sooo good and the ice cream topping even brings it to another level. And literally all entrees are good, I have been there for several times and haven't been disappointed by any of them. However, as a frequent diner at this place, your dining experience really depends on which waitress you got. My heart sinks every time I found that arrogant, impatient waitress would be serving me again...I really want to love this place, but there is a huge lack of service. I've been to the restaurant 3 times. The first time was their soft opening. I got the usual service of a new restaurant. Slow moving kitchen, overwhelmed  servers, and a bartender getting to know their bar. The food was well prepared and tasted great. The second time we stopped by for dinner on a Sunday evening. We did not have a reservation and walked in. There were a few tables open with dirty dishes on them, but the rest of the place was full. We were finally acknowledged and seated by the windows after 10 minutes. Unfortunately we were ignored for 15 minutes after that. The table next to us was talking about how long they had been there. We chatted for a bit and found out that they were going up to the bar to order drinks for the lack of service. At this point we opted to leave and get dinner elsewhere. The third visit was for happy hour. It is not the best deal in town, but they do have a couple of good things included on the happy hour specials. The bartender was chatty and a good time, but you could see the frustration with the lack of ingredients he had on hand. Fortunately we stuck to wine by the glass. The hot food at this visit was really tasty, but the same could not be said for the raw bar. We were served 12 oysters without the brine, 3 shells were completely broken, and 3 were served on the top shells. Sitting at the bar, I got a view of the guy preparing the oysters for other tables, carelessly pouring the brine out of the shell while struggling to open them. 
Like I said earlier, I really want to love this place, but they make it really hard to do so. They really need to get their act together and hire the right person to make this place what it can be. Their menu is well put together and they offer some good combinations.We went to Pinefish Saturday for an early Valentine's Day dinner. It is a fairly large space given its location and seems like a place you would probably be able to walk in to get a table (we had a reservation). When we went at 6 pm there were some empty tables. We were drawn to this restaurant not only because of its fish-forward menu, but also because of its weekend happy hour! We greatly appreciated the normal hours for the weekend happy hour, as many restaurants will either not do it over the weekends or change the hours. The happy hour selection is also fairly varied, and we ordered a lot off of it (two glasses of wine each before it ended, an assortment of clams, oysters and shrimp, brussels sprouts, and the sliders). The waitress was great and checked in with us before happy hour ended to see if we wanted to add anything else. To round out our dinner, we also had scallops and salmon from the small plates side, and the twin lobster tails. We just kept ordering throughout our meal. It would have been nice if the waitress had given us an idea of how many dishes two people typically order. By the end, I was extremely full. Our favorites for the night included the scallops, salmon, oysters, and brisket sliders. The lobster tails were really good but we had also had Maine lobster in the recent past so it is tough to compete with that. Since it was difficult to judge how much to get, I would say we could have left off one, maybe two dishes, but it was fun to get to try a lot. Ambiance was nice too. If in the mood for a lot of seafood, I would definitely recommend!Similar to my review of Harp and crown, this Fish restaurant on Pine street, hah, tries hard to win you with the decor and ambiance but the food shines through. Hipsterish in terms of decor, vibe and staff. Very "chill, furniture doesn't match, sit on bean bag" type ambiance when you get in. I'm not knocking the theme, it just isn't my type. They do have a room to the side for more traditional seating so to speak. Anyways, I expected the food to be made by a good "home cook" what I mean is that we all have that one friend who can cook amazing home meals and always hears "you should open a restaurant". I was right, the menu was made by a great home cook, it's creative but not refined. I had the Lobster bisque with lobster roe, I wanted to ask if I could take a BUCKET of it home. Miso cod and 20oz short rib? Both fell apart with a flick of my fork, tender, juicy and full of flavor. The key lime pie was a "creative" take, a jar with some cake on the base, filling, topped with more cake, a bit too tangy for my taste. The chocolate cake though, the chocolate cake. It had a good CRUST and was moist and DENSE in the middle, I don't know about you but that's how I like it and it's the only place I've ever had it made like that. Just go try for yourself, expect casual yet delicious home style meals. This was also based solely on restaurant week to keep that in mind about my menu options.Food is amazing here! We enjoyed the scallops, tuna and crab cakes.  Also the ambiance was incredible - beautiful decor. 
However, the service is slow and the staff unaccommodating. There was no toilet paper in the bathroom; when my friend asked for more, she was told she was "needy" and was asked to give the waitress a compliment.  We found this unprofessional and highly inappropriate.Charming interior, attentive service, good acoustics, really good food.
We had fried oysters, brisket sandwich, grilled octopus, all with subtle twists.  Highly recommend.This is a quirky little restaurant.  The best way I can describe the decor is artsy Bohemian.  Our server was nice but I'm thinking she was sort of new.  After we had received our orders we heard another server giving a list of delicious sounding specials available that evening.  We mentioned to our server that she never told us about them and we probably would have preferred the specials.  No apology.  She said the swordfish and other dishes are very good and suggested we could try them another time.  She also didn't clear dishes from our 2 person table.  We kept moving them to the table beside us.  
We tried the octopus, oysters Rockefeller, cauliflower and cioppini.  They were good but I think some of the specials sounded more interesting.  I love octopus and spicy things but I'm not sure I think the sauce was complimentary to the dish.  The oysters were ok. The cioppini was good but the mussels were not of a very high quality. Very small.  The cauliflower was the best of all the dishes.Pinefish sits at the corner of my block on Pine and 12th, so I have had the pleasure of stopping by to peek in the windows at the interior almost every day for a few months now. Only recently did I find the time to stop in, and I'm so glad I did!
Their happy hour cannot be beat - $1 oysters and clams, $5 drinks, and $4-$5 sliders, fried cauliflower/brussel sprouts, duck fat fries, fried shrimp tempura and sushi...Pinefish has a good thing going. The oysters were very fresh and are displayed on a plate as beautiful an unique as the decor. My favorite is definitely the fried cauliflower- seasoned so well and fried super lightly so it's not overpowering. 
With so many great small plates on the menu, it's hard to decide what to try. I highly recommend the salmon - served over a parmesan cream sauce that I never thought would pair nicely with a fish, but I was wrong. I'd also suggest sharing the fish stew - it's not a large portion but with so many other things to try on the menu it's worth it to share just to get a taste. The broth has such a great flavor and is perfect for dipping bread into (which our server was very on top of supplying for us before we even had to ask). 
I'm a regular here now and I really hope Pinefish catches on! While there are a bunch of great restaurants in the area that have a similar menu, the ambiance, interior, and quick and friendly service is not something you come by often.I know it's seafood and it's supposed to be expensive but the portion we got on a cobia and octopus was half the size of what other yelpers posted. Granted this was 9pm and probably their last portions but damn give us a heads up or don't serve it at full price.Amazing food & service. Everything tastes so fresh & different. Salmon tartare was definitely my favorite, & the key lime dessert was to die for. Our server was extremely sweet, & the food came out quick & cooked to perfection. Would definitely recommend!First visit to this restaurant and we'll be back for sure. Service was great,  nice beer selection and both of our entrees were delicious. Very fun New Orleans type atmosphere.Went on the first Saturday they were open, and it was buzzing! There was a giant private party on one side, which brought some awesome energy to the place. We got there at 7:30 and had some great specialty cocktails, followed by a good selection of wine and beer. They were out of champagne, which was a bummer, though. It felt like we tried everything: tomatoes, scallops, octopus, salmon, cauliflower, shrimp, the full fish, the french fries and even had dessert. Everything was great! The service was fine, you could tell they just opened though, and everyone was figuring out their roles still. The place is small and manageable, so it wasn't a big deal really. Will I go back? Sure! Definitely need to try that happy hour. If you go soon, just be patient.Great addition to the gayborhood. Checked out their happy hour on the 3rd night they were open. Excellent job. Nice menu options, great beer selection, and the cauliflower and langoustino were amazing. If you a spicy sort - they even have scotch bonnet pepper sauce for their dollar oysters on the happy hour menu.  I will be back. Glad this is in my neighborhood.The menu isn't overwhelming but limited in a way that you want to order two of everything which is exactly what we did! Crab cakes were amazing, no filling which is what I expect from a seafood restaurant. Salmon was amazing and cooked to perfection served on bed of lightly sauteed spinach. The fried oysters were delicious as well. The staff was very accommodating and requested all sauces on the side to accommodate our dairy allergy. The atmosphere is relaxing in the dinning area and the happy hour/bar seating looked enjoyable. Thank you to Celeste our server this evening! You were so kind and attentive!My boyfriend and I were craving seafood and decided to make a reservation during happy hour for Pinefish. We got there just at the end of happy hour and were fortunately able to get a few $1 oysters and $5 drinks. 
Oysters were great, though I have little experience with raw oysters. The mojito was pretty sweet, so much so that I squeezed leftover lemon into it. 
We also ordered the clams casino, octopus, the garlic shrimp, the scallops, and the salmon. All were delicious, but I highly recommend the octopus and scallops! The salmon has a yummy sauce, in which we dipped our bread and anything else we could find. 
Our server (I think her name was Lauren) was also super nice and attentive. Overall, would recommend this place for a yummy seafood dinner!Very disappointed, maybe we hit a bad night but won't go again.  Service was terrible.  Totally forgot to place one of our courses.  Got the lobster special menu, all selections subpar.  Wine glass had lipstick on it and had to send back.  They still charged us for the wine.
Maybe the happy hour is the time to go but for the amount of money we spent, will never do dinner there again.They had already ran out or didn't have more than half of the appetizers / food that we wanted to order, which was crazy because we had 4:30pm, reservations. However what was available was very tasty and the staff is friendly. I would visit again hopefully everything will be available.Came here for a midweek meal as it is only a few blocks away from the home. I remember the restaurant opening up and having pretty high hopes for the seafood focus. We enjoyed our meal, but it wasn't very memorable. I wonder if there has been some improvement since those first few weeks since the restaurant was open. Each time I walk by on my way home from work, I think that it would be nice to catch a happy hour as they have a lot of one dollar seafood deals. I like the decor of the restaurant and everyone was very friendly and knowledgeable about gluten-free options on the menu. I am sometimes surprised that there aren't more people inside the restaurant. I will have to update the review following a happy hour visit or another meal. With so many restaurants in the Washington Square area, I am always looking for a place to leave an impression on me and I can't say that Pinefish did.I wanted to like Pinefish so much. It was the last restaurant on my 2017 list...and I wasn't super impressed. I've heard good things but my experience was so-so. Service was great. The sangria was delightful. The fried cauliflower was amazing. The duck fat fries were good. The crab cake has a lot of crab according to a friend. The cioppino was bitter (too much fennel?) and the bread had too much chili spread on it. 
I might come back for happy hour but wouldn't recommend for dinner.Best bar and restaurant in the city. Happy hour is insane! 4:30 PM to 6:30 PM every day: = dollar oysters, clams and shrimp! It's amazing. Super friendly staff.Friends and I checked out Pinefish for their happy hour last night, and it was an enjoyable time. The eclectic world/boho/vintage decor creates a warm and relaxing environment, and our server Celeste was both friendly & attentive. All of the small bites that we tried were quite tasty and reasonably priced. The brussel sprouts were seasoned perfectly and had a nice crispy texture, and the dollar oysters were delicious. We also shared the fries which were good, and I'm looking forward to sampling the rest of the menu. The only minor complaint I'd have was that the music was initially very loud and a bit classic rock for the space (there was a speaker above our table), but when we mentioned it to our server she lowered it, and it soon switched over to music more conducive to socializing. Looking forward to going back soon!Local places that specialize in seafood are rare, which makes it hard for me to want to identify some faults in a restaurant.  But I think it's important to highlight things for the restaurant to consider so that they can improve going forward, especially one so new and capable of improvement.  
Issues that we had:
- wine: fairly interesting wine list but the pour seemed really small; my friend contemplated telling them but decided not to; if you feel like you are being skimped on, it sets the mood for the rest of the night 
- food: 
A) octopus - taste was good, but it was two tiny tentacles; after being skimped on the wine, we looked at each other when the octopus came and were like "uh oh"
B) seared salmon - the skin was the best part - the fish itself was only ok 
C) whole live fish - the flavor was good, but next time I would have preferred a filleted fish (won't hold this against the restaurant)
Brussels sprouts were excellent though - paired with pine nuts and raisins with a slightly vinegary taste.New hot place. It's a small, cozy restaurant with exceptional seafood dishes. Very pleasant atmosphere, excellent service. Interesting ales on tap. Can't judge their mixed drinks since they didn't have most of them available when I came. It was a week after they opened. Great potential. Best grilled langoustine dish I've had especially given a moderate price for it.My friend and I visited Pinefish about 2 weeks ago. My friend was charged twice, and realized this while we were still there. She asked the waitress about it, and the waitress said she canceled it and if it did go through then call back. It was obvious it had already went through since my friend brought it up on her account. My friend waited and called back within 3 days and was greeted by a very rude woman. My friend was very upset by the encounter on the phone since the woman, who claimed she was a manager, forcefully denied charging anyone twice and did not even take the time to patiently listen. Her customer service was lacking and she handled the situation terribly. Doubt my friend will ever get the refund, even though it was promised to her over a week ago.Great food and service. The bohemian interior is really cool, and it's always a good time having dinner at Pinefish. The salmon and the sauce that comes with it are delectable, and the steak was cooked perfectly. The deconstructed key lime trifle was so good. Definitely recommend this restaurant.  Great beverage list as well.Sitting here now and just had the most amazing meal and service. Wonderful happy hour specials, EVERY DAY OF tHE WEEK!!! This is my second time here and it was even better than the first. Decor is beautiful and staff is extremely friendly. Can't wait to come back!!My boyfriend and I were craving seafood and decided to make a reservation during happy hour for Pinefish. We got there just at the end of happy hour and were fortunately able to get a few $1 oysters and $5 drinks. 
Oysters were great, though I have little experience with raw oysters. The mojito was pretty sweet, so much so that I squeezed leftover lemon into it. 
We also ordered the clams casino, octopus, the garlic shrimp, the scallops, and the salmon. All were delicious, but I highly recommend the octopus and scallops! The salmon has a yummy sauce, in which we dipped our bread and anything else we could find. 
Our server (I think her name was Lauren) was also super nice and attentive. Overall, would recommend this place for a yummy seafood dinner!When a place has to rely on gimmick to cover lack of quality, be concerned. 
Gimmick #1 - tons of happy hour or all day specials on things that are less than fresh. 
Gimmick #2 - using decor and "hip atmosphere" to mask a sad menu that is inconsistent at best. 
Read the reviews below - the first item spoken about is NOT the food. Rarely is the food mentioned as the great part of this restaurant. Chandeliers are mentioned. And at $25 for whatever fish they're serving, it should be topping the list. 
The same dollar oysters they offer end up scattered all over 12th street outside their garbage area which smells to high heaven. They are sloppy and unsanitary. 
The pedestrian, bar-like music is far too loud for a restaurant of any class at all. 
But Pinefish is not selling you class. It's selling you smoke and mirrors.So good! Very fresh oysters regardless of being in the city. Probably the best I've hadI really love this little restaurant and all the wonderful items on the menu .... the wedge salad is to die for all with most of the other items ...... this is my third visit ..... the best part of this visit besides the amazing food .... was meeting Leslie , what a wonderful fun gem she is ..... with great seafood and other items , super fresh and expertly crafted , great prices , and a wonderful accommodating fun staff ... a friendly accessible owner  .....what are you waiting for , give them a try .....you won't regret it ....Overall, an interesting experience but not sure I would want to have again. Several of us went for dinner here about a week ago: the service while warm and enthusiastic was not the best. Missed drink orders, pacing of food out of sync, and we were left waiting for food to arrive for quite a while. The food itself was nothing special: my wife and I each ordered fish - a sea bass and bronzino. The sea bass was overcooked, the bronzino was good but rather pedestrian. Liked the atmosphere but not sure I would return.Read the reviews before coming here. 
Straight to the food. I ordered 4 oysters from the Happy Hour menu which were dollar oysters( oysters, clams and shrimp were a dollar from the happy hour menu). They were subpar at best. Nothing special about them.
Happy Hour Mussels were 7$ and on menu it would be 12$. Flavor was Coconut Thai Red Curry. I wish they added more of the broth and less salty. Some of the mussels had a distinct taste which they were not fresh.
I tried the small plate - Scallops - Truffle Almond Vinaigrette. Worst dish I ate here. just oily and had no flavor at all. They cut up the scallops in half. I wanted the whole pieces as seen in photos. Disappoint for a 16.25$ dish. Skip it or try the Ceviche next time.
If you like cider apple try the Celt cider beer. Pretty tasty and yummy.
Noise level...it can get loud and the ambience is unique.
Service was good & friendly staff. Just disappoint on the food. Maybe come back to try another dish.This review is for the happy hour here. It is FANTASTIC. Everything is quality on the menu and the waitstaff has been nothing but accommodating. Highly recommend the brussel sprouts and cauliflower. You can't beat one dollar clams and oysters. The seared salmon was also really good.The decor in this place is so unique! However, the food itself is not so much. I dined during restaurant week so perhaps in fairness they weren't on their "A Game". However, the crab cakes were a HUGE disappointment. They were super salty and lacked real flavor. They were placed on a schmear of overly mayo-ish remoulade sauce topped with some watercress. It was such a bummer. I ordered a Manhattan to go with dinner and THAT was fantastic. Overall, the food wasn't TERRIBLE but it also wasn't something to "write home about."Excellent addition to the city and the neighborhood. Great atmosphere and very friendly staff.  The scallops were excellent and would definitely recommend.  Also had the octopus which was excellently prepared and presented.  Definitely need to check out this place!!!I came here during their opening in May and noticed some kinks, but hey it was the first day, so I figured I would give them another chance. Nothing improved.
Happy Hour, seated at the bar. Ordered a Cosmo and 6 oysters. Neither were anything to brag about. There's a wall split in the middle of the bar seating, leaving me out of view from the bartender and apparently out of his mind as well because he never came back. After 5-10 min with an empty glass, he finally came back and I requested the check. They use iPads, but had quite a lot of difficulty with getting my bill correctly, taking about another 10 minutes. I couldn't wait any longer because people were arriving at my house and I left my boyfriend to pay my tab, who informed me later that it took about another 10minutes after I left to settle the bill. 
Very disappointing because I love seafood and this place is so close to by house. Needless to say, I won't be back.i've heard many things about pinefish and after a long time, i finally made it in for happy hour one evening!  the restaurant was quite busy on a weekday.  i opted for the bar seats since i was waiting for the rest of my party.. the bar too was crowded but i took a seat at the corner.  I was super excited to hear they offer dollar-a-shuck too! It's been too long since my last oyster happy hour bc it's nearly impossible to get into oyster house every time! So I started with the oysters... then I added on an order of the Brussel sprouts. The oysters came first- one was a good plump size, another was like the baby of the bunch... Huh? Even though they're the same breed? But Ok... I guess the taste is what matters most right? They were ok but from just the first impression, they didn't look like they were the freshest.... 
moving onto the Brussel sprouts, wow they were insanely greasy.  Preparation was sub par and portion relative to price was not the greatest value... after those 2 things, I was ready to get out! Oh and I forgot to mention I also ordered a mojito? My verdict is that I really wish I hadn't ordered it... lol... it's hard to beat the mojitos from across the street at mixto. 
Basically, in my opinion just skip pinefish and moving onto the next place.  In their defense though, I feel like they just needed more help in the kitchen... that could be the issue.Made reservations for 4 or us for a Sunday night hoping to enjoy the 4 course lobster dinner.  I cannot begin to describe how bad the service was as we were seated for almost an hour and a half and didn't even get our soup or salad.  Had to go up to the bar to get our drinks.  I watch as a table next to ours waited at least 45 minutes and nobody brought them water, drinks or even menus.  We left after I went up to the manager and told him how disappointing this experience was and that I was cancelling our dinner order.  The only good thing was that he told us our drinks were on the house.  Proceed with caution is you want to try Pinefish.My friends and I had a really weird experience here. We walked in and waited in the lobby area where there was clearly a reservations book and telephone. Several severs and the bartender saw us standing there waiting to be seated, and no one even acknowledged us or said they would be with us shortly. The place looked somewhat busy but there were clearly empty tables. We waited in the same area for a hostess or server to seat us, or even just acknowledge we were there, and no one did. We left after about seven minutes of standing there awkwardly.The absolute worst Philadelphia restaurant I have ever experienced. Smokey, noisy, no one to seat you and after one hour.....NO Food. An absolute disaster. We left and ate across the street. We ordered an appetizer, two small plates two entrees and one side. The side came out by itself first. I sent it back next came one entree....the excuse. ..the kitchen was backed up because they only had on chef. DisgracefulWhat a jewel. We found it from Yelp on a quest for something different. Great hapoy hour - oysters were delicious.  Best dirty matinis.  The bartender was a true service person. So sweet and just so proud of the place. You must Have the Octopus. Delicious !! Best ever 
The final touch is the owner - simple and great speaking to the guests. Loved the decor and he painted it himself. We will be back with a group of friendsThis place opened this summer and I've visited for both dinner and happy hour on separate occasions. The place is decorated in what I would call bohemian mermaid with lots of teal and pink patterned fluffy pillows and chandeliers. There are 2 main rooms in the restaurant, one that seems more set up for drinks and appetizers as it has lots of comfy-looking couches and small tables for 2, while the other is set up more for larger groups for sit down dinners at long mismatched wooden tables. For happy hour they have $5 wine and buck a shuck oysters - sign me up. They do have a few items on the menu that aren't fish related, but that's the bulk of their menu, which can be inferred from the name. Some notable dishes I tried were the mussels, duck fat fries, ceviche, and scallops. All were tasty. The only complaint I have is with the service. It just seems a little clunky (I think they're still getting their sea legs), but that's not something that would keep me from coming back again.Sorry that Pine Fish didn't live up to all the hoopla that Mike @ Fox News raved about in his New Eat at sights in Philly. I live right outside of Atlantic City - where sea food is a given. Arrived at Pine Fish with a party of 10 and had No ready seafood  of (Fresh Oysters, or Lobsters ). Disappointed in this! However - my party of guest enjoyed "Happy Hour" and the Crab Cakes with very little fillers. Just shocked that a  restaurant that is supposed to stand out in sea food - would have None at 5:00 P.M.Me and a few of my friends came here last night to celebrate one of my friend's birthday. It was our first time here so we didn't know what to order. The menu was relatively small and there it was more of a tapas style place. Everything we had was very flavorful but I think the portion were a bit small. There were 4 of us we ordered everything listed on the small plate section except for the shrimp with head. We also ordered the soft shell crab which was their special not listed in the menu and the cauliflower from the veggie section of the menu. We enjoyed everything and the price was reasonable considering its in center city area. I would definitely return to this place.I tried this place twice because as a seafood lover, I really wanted to like it and support a local business.  Tried a happy hour and the regular dinner menu.  Both menus are overpriced for the size of the portion.  For example 5 (quarter sized) scallops for $17 dollars, plus limited options that seem to be variations of the same theme - mainly shrimp. Also, the menu holders REALLY need to be replaced.  The fabric feels filthy, it's like giving someone your very used business card, not a great impression.  Sorry Pinefish - will not be going back.I came here for happy hour on Sunday with my fiancé and father. They have buck-a-shuck and other specials from 4:30 - 6:30 every afternoon, including weekends. The place was just opening up for the evening, but the bartender greeted us and sat us quickly. The service was very good. The place is very casual and has a kind of restored secondhand look. The oysters we ordered were fresh and delicious. We also ordered the fried cauliflower and duck fat fries. Both were also delicious. We really enjoyed our experience and will definitely be back. They got very busy very quickly so get there early for happy hour.It has been a long time since I have written a review on yelp... Unfortunately, the high reviews currently on yelp encouraged me to a write a review. 
I was very excited to see a relatively trendy new spot open in the neighborhood, and by a relatively well known chef, but, the excitement ended here. The menu is confused and unimaginative. The dishes match this sentiment. We ordered around 6-8 small plates.. all of which came out within 20 minutes. If you are looking for a quick meal, come here, either way be prepared to eat fast and be underwhelmed.
I would come back for happy hour or a quick drink in the main room. Head over to mixto, which is directly across the street if you want a decent meal.Went for my birthday this week and it was so good! Cauliflower and brussel sprouts appetizers were great and the cioppinno entree was delicious. It was just enough food. Everyone in my group really enjoyed their meals. Go on a week night and you won't have any trouble getting a tableIt was okay. My $5 mojito was huge and strong, so that was a plus. Food was in tiny portions for happy hour, and service was slow. It was just alright, probably wouldn't return.Came here Thursday night for a late dinner. We were quickly seated, as the place was empty in the dinner area. The server came over took our drink orders and went over the specials. It's all small plates, so we ordered 5 items. We had the roasted tomato with parmesan, shrimp with garlic and butter, fluke with 5 spice, pork belly with scallops and the chilled lump crab with lemon. The crab underwhelming, but ok. The shrimp was excellent, cooked perfect with all that wonderful butter and garlic. The roasted tomato was good, nice flavor, simple. The start of the show was definitely the fluke. It was prepared perfectly! The flavor of the 5 spice surprised me, I didn't think it was going to go well with it, but it definitely worked. The pork belly came out last, which by this time I was almost full. The scallops were huge and the pork belly looked great. I ate a much as I could, especially the charred scallops, cooked so well. I'm not sure why this place was so empty, because the food and service were great!I visited this restaurant in December. The food was fine. However, I paid with a debit card & signed a (1) slip as unusual. When I checked my bank statement later in the month I saw that they had put the transaction in twice. 
I went to my bank and they contacted the merchant who feels they have a right to basically "double dip" so I am back at the bank (in March) still trying to get this resolved. 
I never heard from Pinefish. 
It seems someone there is very unscrupulous. 
Do not trust them!Our visit to Pinefish started off unfavorably, but it quickly improved.  There was no one to greet us when we walked in, so we were not sure if a host would seat us or if we were supposed to seat ourselves.  I understand not having a host but at least have a sign that says "please wait to be seated" or something similar. Otherwise your customers are just awkwardly looking around wondering what to do.  We waited five minutes with no acknowledgement from the staff.  Finally a man came over and asked if we wanted to do happy hour or dinner...this was at 6:29 and happy hour supposedly ended at 6:30 so I was confused why he offered us the HH menu.  He unenthusiastically asked if we wanted to sit in the front room or the back.  We chose the back, which I would recommend - although both rooms are cute.  Once our server came over things started looking up.  We both did the Lobster Feast menu in addition to some oysters and drinks.
Food
James River Oysters:Great! Hard to go wrong with oysters,
Lobster Bisque: Really good.  Served at an extremely hot temperature (better than being too cold though).  
Duck Fat Fries: Good - we polished these off - but I didn't really taste the duck fat.  I did appreciate how the fries came with their special fry sauce in addition to ketchup.  It's a spicy mayonnaise-based sauce which I thought was pretty good despite usually being mayo-averse.  Cute presentation in a fryer basket.
Fried cauliflower: Really good.  Crispy, a little tangy, and with a nice pop of flavor from the pine nuts.  I would get this again.
Lobster Tails with Truffle Popcorn - Wasn't sure what to expect at first - I thought maybe the popcorn would be used to crust the lobster.  In actuality, this is literally just two lobster tails with a bowl of truffle popcorn on the side.  Even though it was simple, I would definitely get it again.  Sweet, tender lobster cooked well.  Popcorn could have used a little more truffle oil but it was a fun side.
Vanilla-poached Lobster:  Glad to have tried this, as the flavor was interesting, but wouldn't get it again.  It was cooked well but the vanilla flavor and overall sweetness were a bit much for me.  I prefer to taste more of the actual lobster.
Brownie Cheesecake - Delicious!  I was worried dessert would a be a let-down, but this did not disappoint.  Our waitress described it as a brownie stuffed inside a piece of cheesecake.  It was not too heavy as the cheesecake part was more bready and eggy than a typical NY-style cheesecake.  It is served warm with a scoop of cookies & cream ice cream on top, and a fudge drizzle.  Perfect way to end the evening.
Service
I really appreciated the quality recommendations from our server.  She suggested the James River oysters over the other variety they had available that day, as she said the others were huge and may be harder to eat.  We went with her recommendation and were not disappointed.  I was also struggling to decide between the Lobster Pot Pie and the Lobster Tails with Truffle Popcorn, and she recommended the tails.  She let me know that the pie had a filling similar to their Lobster Bisque, and since I had already chosen the bisque as an appetizer, I might like something different for the entree.  Another great recommendation.
Drinks
Jever beer - Bottled German pilsener.  Would get again
Best Damn Sour cocktail - Very good.  Would get this again too.
Price
Spent about $130 including tax and tip.  For oysters, three courses each, 1 dessert that we split,  2 beers, and a cocktail, I'd say that's very fair!  Especially with all the lobster.
Happy Hour seems great with dollar oysters and shrimp, plus $5 drafts (even on weekends!).
Excited to come back for that.We got the duck fat fries (excellent sauce accompaniments), garlic shrimp appetizer (fresh warm bread to dip in the butter sauce!) and 2 fish entrees. My husbands miso cod was delicious on a bed of wasabi rice. My swordfish steak special had amazing herb crust and was atop truffle mashed potatoes with delicious Brussels sprouts. Lauren was an excellent server, and super attentive. We will be back!Went here for dinner recently.  First and foremost, the service was great!  I was late, as you can't park at all in this area, no matter the time of day/night, and they didn't mind at all.  Secondly, he was pretty cool with recommending different menu items and answering all my questions. The food:  First off, it was rez week.  I didn't have the intention of doing that menu, but ended up doing it.  The apps were ok, the duck fat fries were really good, the salad was eh, good, but didn't have much "stuff" in it outside the greens.  The surf and turf was also a pretty good menu choice, with the lobster really playing the star... as it was perfectly cooked.  Lastly, the deserts were great.  Carrot cake it up!  Def be back for their happy hour and possibly brunch- menu's looked awesome.  The space is also pretty different. Definitely deserves a try.Ate there twice since it opened.  An eager staff in the renovated Pine Street Pizza, what a difference. The small plates are indeed small, mostly fish but there is a sliced strip steak that was worth the price. The oysters we ate at happy hour were east coast and good. Service was fast. The house red was a cab, they have $5 beer and wine and one martini. There is a great mix of people there, not just gayborhood residents. We ate scallops, yum, crabcake, small but no bun, and oysters of course. Small plates so you will need at least 3 to fill up. Will go backWent last night restaurant week date had surf & turn I had crab cake both excellent.  Good food prepared propPinefish just popped up one day and my wife and I happened upon it by accident while we were dining at Mixto, right across the street. Purely intrigued by the decor, we went in and had some dessert and wine. The chocolate cake was incredible, but what was even better was the lovely bartender Alanna. She was very warm and hospitable and gave us some sparkling wine on the house. The next evening we went back to have a proper meal. To cut a long story short, we practically ordered the entire menu of small plates and appetisers. The staff was once again very gracious and polite and made sure we had a great time! The owner of the restaurant, Peter was also nice enough to stop by and welcome us. I'm definitely going back to this place, will try the grilled fish next time.This place is relatively small but with nice decor. 
I had roman lettuce salad with anchovy and softshell crab with mashed potatoes. It was simply delicious! Staff is nice and helpful. 
This restaurant is real jewel. Their sloga -Eat fish, libe longer. Is really great.I've been there a handful of times and still can't get a read on the place. 
We have gone for happy hour every time and the food is actually very good. Raw bar isn't my scene, but the rest of it I can vouch for. The skewers with shrimp are terrific and I'm a sucker for the duck fat fries. 
So why one star off? For one, their cocktails are too sweet. That's not a big deal and can happen anywhere as well as the cheap HH wine. But the service is just...odd. Everyone seems scatterbrained all the time. It isn't inattentiveness, but they never seem to know the answer to any question (What comes with this dish? What is the slider on the happy hour menu?) and I swear they all say it's their first day. If you can look past that and the fact that the menus look like a 1997 PowerPoint presentation, it's a good spot.Great addition to the neighborhood.  Beautiful and cozy decor makes you feel welcomed.  The staff is awesome!   Everyone is friendly and helpful.  Love love the food-  fried oysters, mussels, fried cauliflower, shrimp, raw oysters, actually everything.   It's all wonderful.   Highly recommend for happy hour also!   
Great HH specials.This place is good. The food is outstanding but do not go here for their mojitos. The beer was delish. The ambiance was very hippy. I went on a Tuesday night for their unlimited seafood cioppino which was amazing. The happy hour shrimp was pretty tasty too.Cool spot. It feels like being inside a really homey living room. There are a few couches and tables to dine at, as well as a bar area. The happy hour is alright: dollar oysters, clams, and shrimp. The seafood here is solid. Wherever they source it from, it tastes so fresh and delicious. In addition, there are fried shrimp, brussels sprouts, and cauliflower on the list as well. Draft beer was pretty limited, and was $5. The service was a miss tonight, and it definitely felt as though it was understaffed. For a full dining room, there was only the bartender and one other person serving. Will definitely be back to try this spot again.Miso Cod and Branzino were both a hit for our anniversary dinner. They have happy hour 7 days a week so we caught the end of it. $1 east coast oysters, buffalo shrimp, fried cauliflower were all delish! Really cute vibes, lighting and colors.A hidden gem.  The ambiance is adorable, warm, and cozy.  Decent beer on tap. Rob, the bartender, is super adorable!
The wait staff is super accommodating and the chefs are friendly and all smiles.Eclectic/bohemian chic decor, feel-good throwback playlist, accommodating and friendly service, delicious food. Duck fat fries were amazing!Amazing bohemian vibe. I loved my gin martini with extra vermouth. My favorite bites were the crab cake (delicious panko? or something similarly light) and the octopus which had fantastic flavor + spicy sauce. Overall impressive date night spot. We left happy.Four friends and I came on a Friday night to celebrate a special occasion and ordered a ton of food from the happy hour menu before 6:30 pm! Confession: I'm not a seafood person, so I'm speaking from the perspective of someone who could not fully enjoy the seafood :P 
What we ordered from the happy hour menu (lost count of how many orders of each...) in order of my FAVES to least faves/didn't try lol:
* beef brisket sliders ($5) - I was randomly craving a burger, but this was perfect! So flavorful and tender. 
* zucchini and shrimp "skewers" ($5) - I was really OBSESSED with this that night. Not sure why it's called a "skewer" since the final presentation definitely doesn't have one, but whatever this buttery goodness was, would definitely order again!
* fried cauliflower ($4) - Could not figure out what they seasoned this with for the life of me, but I loved this!
* brussel sprouts ($4) - Also enjoyed these, I don't go crazy over brussel sprouts normally and also could not figure out what they seasoned this with
* steamed shrimp ($1 ea) - hard to peel, cold, nothing really special about them, a bit expensive even if they are big, would either order fewer or not order this at all next time
I can't speak to the $5 drink menu because I don't drink nor can I talk about the oysters ($1 ea) because I don't like oysters...so leaving those out of my review even though we ordered them. The place is really cute, I could totally see someone planning a bridal shower here because of the teal decor (maybe say, a Breakfast at Tiffany's-themed party, speaking from personal experience haha). I do wish the lighting was brighter though, we definitely had to lighten up all our pics and use flash so they didn't come out dark. Lastly, our server was a bit awkward and not the friendliest. She brought out the correct orders, refilled our waters, and was able to split our bill, but can't say she really added to our experience.What a lovely little gem! I considered not writing this review because I wanted to keep this place all to myself! If it weren't for the sidewalk sign advertising happy hour (4:30-6:30pm 7 days a week!) I would've never noticed this quaint unassuming restaurant. If you love seafood this place is definitely for you - 1$ oysters, clams and shrimp, and very reasonably priced seafood entrees. The happy hour drink menu is limited but sufficient, and the atmosphere is relaxed and bohemian. Best of all service is phenomenal!! Everyone, especially Lauren, is so knowledgeable and attentive, I truly felt taken care of. I definitely will be back!!One of the best meals my husband and I have had in Philadelphia! Every dish was better than the last, HIGHLY Recommend the fried oysters, grilled octopus, grilled prawns, and cioppino. They really did a great job with this place!Horrible food. We got the eggs Benedict, which is supposed to be their specialty, and our eggs were completely raw and turned to raw egg soup on my plate when I cut into them. The waitress explained they poach them for a short time at night, freeze them, then poach them again the next day. On top of it they were ridiculously overpriced.I live in the neighborhood and this is a welcomed replacement of the old pine st pizza.  They created a nice atmosphere and a delicious seafood menu.
I would highly recommend this place for a nice meal on a date or a group.  They also have a decent bar. Langoustino, raw oysters (nice variety), fried oysters, mussels, head-on shrimp were all amazing.  I will spare you the breakdown; just go there.
I ate here about two weeks ago and am just writing this review now which tells you two things: 1) I have better things to do than review restaurants on yelp.
2) the food/experience was just that good that I am still thinking about it.If you're used to being underwhelmed by restaurant food, expect to raise your kids expectations. 
Roasted cauliflower with sultanas and pine nuts. Lemony, sweet, earthy. Try this even if you think you don't like cauliflower. My crew and I consumed every last bite. 
Roasted tomatoes with still on fire rosemary sprigs. Hearty. Savory. Robust. A worthwhile addition to your selection.
Garlic shrimp with garlic chips. Fresh. Buttery. Smooth. Another dish you should try.
Duck fat fries with spicy remoulade. Perfectly executed. Crispy on the outside. Soft and creamy on the inside. Remoulade is spicy and smoky. Fries are plentiful and made for sharing.
Mussels. Balanced. Tomatoes. Garlic. Fresh Herbs. Butter. Complex. Comforting. Meaty. Don't leave without ordering this dish.
Sake Poached Shrimp with Avocado Ginger Mousse. Flavorless. Forgettable. Watery. Don't order this.
Drinks. Too much alcohol. Too much ice. Unbalanced. Don't order one.
Dessert. Mediocre. Disappointing considering how good the food is. Don't order this. We ordered a carrot cake. Uninspired confectionery. Coffee was good.
The atmosphere is inviting and warm with colorful, kitchy but charmy decor. Bright colored chandeliers hang at each table. The dining hall when you enter has brick cobblestone walls and the colors are reminiscent of Indian saris. The second dining room has tiffany blue walls with Renaissance influenced patterns. 
Come here to eat. The chef here cares about serving his patrons quality tasty food. I would come again.One of the coolest and most uniquely decorated restaurants in the city! It is like an eclectic, gypsy-ish, tapas, comfy and cozy restaurant. Perfect for quiet dates and catch up time with friends. They also have great music. It is so casual and relaxed but also really cool. And on top of everything, they have awesome food! Perfect for sharing. We got the brussel sprouts, fries (some of the best), fish stew and salmon. All were flavorful, light and delicious. For dessert, we got the deconstructed key lime pie, which was spectacular! They also have a pretty intense drink menu, which is comparable to the speakeasies around town. Check it out!!!It was Monday at 5pm and I was getting out of work at a decent time. I knew exactly where I wanted to go - Pinefish for happy hour and to try their half price burger. I called the gf up and she met me there. We arrived by 6 pm and started with some 5 dollar beer and wine specials at the bar plus an order of Brussels sprouts and dollar shrimp. We were off to a great start. The shrimp were big, tasty and peeling them yourself made the taste that much sweeter. 
The burger special started at 630 pm so we each got two drinks in before it was time to order more food and the happy hour ended. Taking the bartender's recommendation I had the truffle burger with sottocenere cheese and mushrooms plus some lettuce and tomato with fries. The meat was flavorful and all the extras came together nicely. The gf had a house burger with Cheddar - no bun bc of gluten allergy. They replaced the fries with a wedge salad at no extra cost. Everything was delicious. I especially liked the dipping sauce for the fries. The owner chatted us up from time to time sharing about various aspects of the restaurant. He was very friendly. I will definitely be backCauliflower app was very good, and I enjoyed the octopus and the raw bar selections.  The shrimp app was completely drowned in butter and I would not order that again. I've been twice and had decent experiences, but something needs to be done about the overwhelming smell - my clothes and even my bag absolutely stink for days after leaving here. There is not adequate venting in the kitchen area and it really really takes away from the experience!I've been dying to try this newer spot out. 
Space is comfortable with a bohemian type feel to it. 
Service was fabulous.  Super friendly and very attentive.  
Menu - not set up the best and sort of hard to navigate.  Definitely would recommend a revamp. 
We decided to go for a few drinks and small plates.   
Good came out within minutes! 
Garlic Shrimp - great sized shrimp and the flavor was amazing.  Save your bread to dip! 
Crab cake- not my favorite as it had a pretty over powering lemon flare, but that could be your thing. 
Mussels- curry sauce which was super flavorful and would highly recommend.    
Crispy Cauliflower- probably my favorite appetizer there.
Fries- we love the skinny shoestring style and the aioli dip is a must try.  
Overall we enjoyed.  I would definitely revisit for a full meal.We went here for a Friday happy hour with a group of friends, because who can resist buck-a-shuck and $5 martinis? Our party of five all arrived at different times, which had our server, Emily, running around quite a bit, but she was a delight the entire time. Off of the happy hour menu we had: 
- $1 oysters which were served with a mignonette and cocktail sauce in these cute squeeze bottles, along with horseradish and fresh lemon - ours were from Virginia and were plump and briney - yum! 
- $1 peel and eat shrimp, which were nicely seasoned and the shrimp were very sweet 
- $5 scallops and watermelon, a pairing we were skeptical about at first but it was delicious 
- $5 sliders, served two per order. They were pulled pork the night we went (so good!), but they rotate the slider type 
- $5 Brussel sprouts - super crispy and delicious 
For my main dish, I had the salmon. The skin was so crispy, and the salmon was perfectly cooked to the requested temperature, but I was not a fan of the cream sauce it was served on top of. My friends enjoyed the burger, mussels, and sliced sirloin, all of which was devoured, so it must have been good! Also, don't skip the fries - they are crispy and salty and I know it's weird to go on about the common French fry, but I definitely recommend them! 
Overall, we had a great experience and even though the restaurant seems to need more menus and water glasses (they ran out when we were there) I can't complain because the service was so fantastic. We will definitely be back!Best bar and restaurant in the city. Happy hour is insane! 4:30 PM to 6:30 PM every day: = dollar oysters, clams and shrimp!Mediocre food, mediocre drinks and mediocre service. Maybe it was a bad night but not compelled to go back.This review is pretty shameful, mostly because of the overall experience with our server. To start off, she was in no way unpleasant or rude. 
Unfortunately, the people who run this restaurant didn't seem to care for properly training their servers to be well informed and educated on the menu they're supposed to be selling. Example... the server had to run to the back multiple times to explain how the lobster was prepared, what the fish of the day was, and couldn't explain to us the profile of the oysters they had that night. Despite this though, luckily I've heard great things about the food and continued to enjoy the rest of the evening.
 I wasn't impressed at the end of the day, the only thing I enjoyed was the fish, which was my main. But we had ordered a bunch of appetizers and small plates and everything tasted great. However certain dishes like the tuna and foie gras was over powering and didn't compliment each other well. Separately, they were delicious, together they seemed too much. The garlic shrimp was described by our server to be a small but nice portion if you weren't that hungry, physically shaped her hands in an oval shape to give us an idea of the amount of food... when it came out, it was literally just an assembly line of shrimp....nothing else on the plate but the garlic shrimp, extremely disappointed. 
The portions of the entrees were also ridiculous. My father ordered the lobster which was under the "large plates" section, it was completely unfilling, even after ordering 2 dozen oysters, a salad, tuna foie Gras, and ceviche and octopus between two people who were eating most of these items. He then in fact had to order a steak to curb his appetite. 
Overall, I'm just really disappointed in the experience and really expected more. The food was good but everything else really tore down our opinions and probably won't be returning. There are other seafood places in the city that stand out more than this place. Not impressed.Friggin amazing! Lauren is great! So attentive and sweet! The happy hour is a great deal with $5 martinis and wine $1 clams and oysters. Good Um-Beyoncé and chill. Really funky and good vibes. Definitely a regular spot for me. Can't wait to go backThis review is for happy hour only!  I have never eaten dinner here.  Happy hour is buck-a-shuck clams and oysters.  Good deal.  Nice.  Sliders seem to be ALWAYS pulled pork.  They list and tout their BLT sliders. (Bacon, Lobster, Tomato).  Sounds good.... BUT THEY NEVER HAVE THEM!  It's a joke on us!  Bring a sweater because their a.c. is on blast.  How about a couple of lousy oyster crackers with my oysters maybe?  Be a mensch!Pinefish is my new favourite happy hour spot. They normally have dollar oysters and $5 wines and draft beer.
My friends and I got oysters (good as usual), white wine (very clean), duck fat fries (not bad) and two specials which were the clear winners:
1) soft shell crab - best dish by far! Perfectly cooked, drizzled with a very tasty sauce (even had to order it again!!)
2) tuna tartare with foie gras - can't go wrong with foie! 
Prices were reasonable $8 for the crab and $15 for the tuna and foie. 
Highly recommend!Loved the atmosphere the waitress was very nice and attentive. The wait for brunch was a little long but it was okay since the waitress apologized. I had the smoked salmon omelette it was amazing! My boyfriend had the eggs and bacon, his eggs were cold and so was the bacon. I will go back to try the clams and oysters for happy hour for sure though.The menu is extensive and offers a variety or options. The decor is classic and the servers are wonderful. Unfortunately, time management is not effective here at Pinefish. My partner and I made a reservation for 8:00pm and was not seated till 8:40pm. We've waited also 2 hours for our entrees to arrive and we still was only able to get pass out appetizers. After waiting nearly 2 hours with our entrees still not prepared, we had to give up and pack everything to go. Good fries thoughWe had a wonderful dinner here! The decor is beautiful, the food is absolutely delicious, and the staff and service was lovely. They took such excellent care of our party of five and made our dinner special in many ways. Due to a serious storm we lost power towards the end of the meal, and while you might expect a brand new restaurant (only open a few days!) to flounder in this situation, the staff at Pinefish was graceful and professional in handling the situation. They even gave us some delicious ice cream to snack on while we waited for the power to return so we could pay. I can't recommend this lovely restaurant more. Enjoy!Amazing small plates, every plate presented beautifully tasted nothing short of spectacular. Only complaint  second time visiting and still not a full bat menu.Generally hit the spot during happy hour. I was hungry but not too hungry. I don't really drink, so I skipped any of the happy hour drink specials.  I ordered the fried shrimp $5 special, which was a nice surprise - three medium fried shrimp lying on a melty pile of creamy bleu cheese, surrounded by a nicely spicy Thai sauce. Just wish there was one more piece of shrimp, or the shrimp was a tad larger. And then there were oysters. I think I ordered 5, but honestly, I love raw oysters and I could have gotten 10 easily. I loved that they provided tiny little squeeze bottles of different vinaigrettes along with fresh lemon slices.
Conveniently located on my walk home to the PATCO station at 12th and Locust, so plan on seeing my oyster-starved face again.This is one of those hole in the wall type of places, and so worth checking out! We had brunch here and the Eggs Benedict was amazing! We ordered drafts at the start of our meal, but finished the keg and didn't get full glasses of what we wanted. However, the waitress offered us two more glasses of the beer they were changing the tap to free of charge! The atmosphere is great, as well as the food.Total amateur hour oysters were inedible old and dried out who would serve? Not self respecting fish restaurant.  Grill octopus was nasty and had a film like coating like flour on grill?  The salad was old lettuce and taste of way too much vinegar.  Entree lobster and grilled shrimp totally underwhelming, like the garish college dorm room blue paint job and way too bright LED lighting. Take my advice stay clear of this establishment, restaurant rescue is in need of an intervention.My husband and I went here last night for my birthday. I'm so excited this place is in the neighborhood because I plan to be back. I got a dozen oysters, the lobster special, while my husband got the stone crab special, the salmon and ceviche. It was all excellent. The beer was great, the service was fantastic and the atmosphere really makes it special. Highly recommend!The food is great, currently running a summer special featuring lobster. Well worth it!To be honest I saw this on t.v. My girlfriend took me out for my birthday. I can't say how amazing this place was. Starting with our extremely attentive and considerate waitress. She recommended most of our selections. Get the fried oysters! The most delectable bite in the restaurant. Don't choose anything unless it is off the lobster fest menu. Eat item was fresh , succulent, and out of this world. Leslie was our host for evenings host. Clearly she knows what she is talking about. The vanilla lobster and lobster savannah were our choices seriously ask for Leslie she knows the menu all out. The owner of the restaurant was rude and really mean to our waitress. Peter played on his phone all night was rude and disrespectful. The only reason why this still gets 5 stars is because of the quality of the rest of the staff , and quality of the food kudos.Beautiful place with a unique interior! Food is incredible (yummy and beautiful). Check out photos. Everything we got was 5stars especially service ( Celeste)Wish I could love it.   Would be great to have a new place close to home.   Weird vibe as soon as you walk in. We were taken to main dining room.  Loud and cold / not welcoming.  Service was great even though our entree was wrong.  Food was good.  Just not an overall warm and fuzzy feeling. Can't put my finger on it.  Something missing in the overall experience.Went for my sisters birthday and had an incredible experience.  2 perfectly cooked lobsters for $25 might be the best deal I've had in a Philly restaurant.  The cauliflower, steak and duck fat fries were all delicious.  There was a little delay in getting the lobsters to us so they gave us complimentary fried oysters and tuna.  Great service, delicious food and cool atmosphere.  Highly recommend.I'm not a fan of restaurant week but we decided to go here for it. Overall I wasn't that impressed but it had some good moments.
We started off with the lobster bisque that had very shredded lobster pieces. I wasn't a huge fan and I kept getting an aftertaste that made me wonder if it was overcooked. We also had the fries that were really good and had a nice aioli dipping sauce.  I also loved their presentation with the cute little sauce bottles.    I felt the  fried cauliflower should have been fried longer to get a better crispiness and golden color to it.  
For the main course I had the bouillabaisse. This was my favorite dish and would consider going back just for this.  Flavor packed with a variety of seafood cooked perfectly.  My fiance had the surf and turf.  Lobster and steak cooked perfectly to medium rare.  My fiance ordered medium but whatever.  I'm a steak snob and huge believer that steak should only be cooked medium rare.  Sorry! 
As for dessert,  loved the carrot cake.  Didn't care for the key lime triffle but that's just a personal preference.  It was good and recommend it if you like citrusy desserts.  
As for drinks, my fiance ordered a whiskey sour and it didn't have egg in it. I'm not sure if it was an oversight but the drink itself was way too sweet. Service was okay but I like I said, not a fan of RW. Friendly staff but noticeable delay in things. Likely because it was RW.The ambience was cool. Shabby chic and comfortable. The food was out of this world good! (Crab balls were great just be careful of shells) and our server was so kind, informative and attentive. This is now one of our new favorite spots. We will definitely be back and recommended to our friends and family!!I'll start by saying this place was grossly disappointing. I would rate our server as a 1. He had no idea about the menu, he seemed surprised anytime we asked about a question , and he kept forgetting things. I would give the food three stars. We ordered some seafood starters and large plates the large plates were tiny. The taste was ok, but  I'd expect better seafood. This place was an absolute ripoff. They were out of many of their dishes and the selection was small. We were very disappointed.I'd give 4.5 stars if I could. We've just returned from a lovely meal here for my birthday. We each chose a different red wine, but the beer list was also nice and the cocktail menu intriguing. We shared east coast oysters which were simple and fresh. He chose the sirloin and the salmon and they were both cooked perfectly. I chose the scallops and the cod special. The scallops were beautiful and delicious. The wasabi rice that came with the cod was a nice compliment but if I returned I'd get the salmon instead of the cod again. We also shared the ceviche and enjoyed it a lot. We'd go back in a heartbeat and it was such a nice way to spend my birthday! The service was slightly slow and he got all of his food right away and was finished before I had anything (excluding the oysters). I understand that's generally how small plates work but it made it a bit awkward, me watching him eat his entire meal before I got anything, and then him watching me eat mine when he was finished. Also not crazy about the decor but I seem to be the minority there. Really not a big issue; we enjoyed our time immensely. I'm interested in checking out their brunch!Came here during Restaurant Week and was a little nervous given the mixed reviews. My friend and I decided to forgo the RW menu and opted to split a few small plates instead, which I think ended up being the better choice.
We got the Duck Fat Fries, Scallops and Pan Seared Salmon. It was also my second time trying oysters and I have to say this place does them right .The vinaigrette that came with them was delicious - I could have eaten a dozen and been satisfied.
Fries were ok, nothing special. The scallops themselves were delicious but they were served with watermelon (an odd choice). Salmon was delicious as well and the sauce that came with it was dreamy. 
Overall, I would come again for Happy Hour Oysters and a few other dishes, but it's not my favorite seafood spot in the city by far.We ordered a lot of the small plates and everything was excellent- especially the salmon and scallopsPhilly needs more seafood centric restaurants, and Pinefish definitely lands in that category.  It's a great location, the service is friendly and warm, and the menu is interesting in a good way.  
We enjoyed the eclectic seating arrangements, the canvas menus are a great touch, and I LOVE a Saturday happy hour.  Unfortunately, the happy hour is where the problems began for me.  Their website says that oysters and clams are $1 each, but the clams were banished from the HH menu.  The Allagash was the happy hour beer for $5, but it's also $5 on the regular menu.  I don't like it when a place lures people in with a happy hour, and then it's not so happy.
On top of that, the prices are very high for the size of the plates.  I know seafood isn't cheap, but they're really pushing it with these prices.  That being said, the crab cake was delicious and the scallops were perfectly cooked.Overall we really enjoyed it.  Creative menu, and good quality seafood at a fair price.  I think it's odd that the menu entrees were 50% meat dishes.   Service was very friendly but a bit chaotic.  And we literally had to flag someone down to ask for water, and later had to ask again for bread, just strange that the basics weren't offered to us by our server.  Maybe it was an off night, but I'd definitely try it again.I came here for happy hour with two of my coworkers and the food was phenomenal - as was the service. 
First off, the decor of this place is SO LOVELY. It's got a hipster vibe and definitely VERY instagrammable!! 
The dollar oysters for happy hour were pretty good for dollar oysters, so no complaints there. Definitely among the better ones I've had in philly. I actually came a little late, but the waitress was nice enough to extend the time of happy hour! 
We ordered the cauliflower and Brussels sprouts and both were great as well! I thought the Brussels sprouts were a bit oily, but the cauliflower was amazing!! 
Now the BEST dish was definitely the salmon. It was cooked to SUCH a good texture that it literally melted in your mouth!! It's a bit small, but so delicious that it's worth it. The sauce that the salmon comes in is also amazing. We ended up dipping everything in that sauce and it made everything taste better!! 
Really no complaints here. The atmosphere, the service, and the food at this restaurant is amazing and i would definitely come here again.Good Happy Hour, Lobsterfest was lacking
I went to Pinefish around 4:45 just when Happy Hour was starting, luckily for me there were only a few other people dining and the bar was empty. I tried all of the $1-$5 shrimp dishes on the Happy Hour menu which were all awesome! Other tables had fried cauliflower and Brussels sprouts both of which looked and smelled amazing. Theres $5 Rose, $3 beer and other cocktail specials. Also if you're into raw there's a $1 special. 
However, I also had a crazing for Lobster and went for the Lobsterfest $35 "special" and was less than impressed. My grilled 1 1/2 lb lobster was not presented well as it had the green kidney and pancreas juices inside (this is normal to eat and considered a delicacy in the NE) but it did not look appetizing and was not exactly "grilled" also, the lobster was hollow and not very meaty. I could've done without and went for Happy Hour specials. 
Service was cool, my waiter forewarned me that he was new but he did a great job staying on top of my table and other tables he was waiting. 
I may return but definitely not for the Lobster.I went here during the recent Restaurant Week after trying to look for a new place to experience. First off I'll the interior was very dope, cool artwork cool set up. Now down to the reason we all here it's the food lol. I can say the Lobster Bisque soup wasn't all that great but the duck fat fries were excellent. The sangria was one of the best sangria's I've had in philly now it was proly cause they added sugar but hey good is good lol the main course was excellent ' the Salmon was delicious man like very good so my overall review of the place is 4 stars I would def go again to try something else on the menu.The food there is pretty good, shareable small and large plates. Seafood and veggies are nicely cooked and seasoned. The bad part is atmosphere and restaurant set up. The kitchen is open with apparently no fans, the entire place is smoky and surrounded by cooking smell, leaving customers choking on smoke and smell like bbq for days...My friend recommended this place so I was very excited to go, however from the poor service as well as the subpar food I was highly disappointed. Our server was to busy catering to a large table and really did not pay attention to my husband and I. We had to ask him for a glass of water 4 times! Our whole fish came out about 30 minutes after we ordered it, the table next to us ordered there's about 15 minutes after us and they got theres at the same time we did. The Brussel sprouts were greasy and not even crispy. The only reason I am giving this place a 2 and not 1 Star was the fish and the duck fat fries. Will not be coming here again.really expensive for small portions. Food was good. But...but, it was not up to the standard one would expect for the price. Just not satesfying. Also, the music and ambiance was very simple and blah. The decor was nice and eclectic.It was really delicious, the octopus was done perfectly. Small plates, it has a very cool atmosphere and we would go back again.SERVICE 
Celeste was the worst waitress. I have never met someone so unhappy with their job and clearly showed it. She showed no enthusiasm. She didn't introduce herself and didn't tell us about the specials for the night. There was nothing professional about her. She didn't seem very comfortable while using the iPad to take orders. It took her a very long time to put our order into the system. If she wasn't properly trained she really shouldn't be working during such a busy time. It comes of as sloppy and unorganized. 
I'm not sure if they were understaffed or the people there are incompetent but it was the most disorganized thing I've ever witnessed. From the waitress to the cooks and bartender. There was an excuse for everything. The kitchen is backed up or the bartender is backed up. 
When we were seated we were given a glass of water each by someone other than Celeste but the second she arrived it was downhill. 
It took 55 minutes from the time the order was submitted for our lobster bisque to arrive. From there the rest of the dishes were brought to the table at a reasonable time. 
We sat at the table for a little under 2 hrs and got the check. Then we spent an addition 25 minute waiting for Celeste to finally come back to the table and fumble around with the iPad. 
FOOD
Lobster Bisque: very freshly made! There were still tiny pieces of lobster shells in there. It was absolutely delicious. It was creamy and smooth and it had a nice big chunk of lobster on top. Get it!
Fried Cauliflower: It was ok but it has a really serious bite to it that will catch anyone off guard. It's extremely bitter and I'm not sure what they put in there to cause it to be like that. Avoid this dish. 
Duck Fat Fries: It was warm but soggy. I did not enjoy eating them. I like my fries crunch. They had the texture of fresh fries you had for lunch but you brought the leftovers home and threw them in the microwave to have later as a snack and realized that it was a bad idea. Avoid this dish. 
Crab Cake: were nicely fried. They didn't taste as good as the ones I've had at Butcher and Singer so there probably wasn't enough crab meat in there or something. What I did think was interesting was the curry that was added to it. It wasn't over powering but you can clearly taste it. Sure you can get this dish. 
Garlic Shrimp : It's a shrimp scampi without the pasta. Period. The shrimp was well cooked and had a nice texture. The sauce wasn't too strong. Definitely get this dish!
Chocolate Cake : it wasn't overly sweet and overly strong so I really appreciate that. I enjoyed eating the cake. Get the cake!
I was very excited to come to this place but it was such a disappointment. I'm guessing this place is a hit or miss and my first time there was a miss.The website is pinefish-dot-fish! 
My friend and I decided to try this place for happy hour earlier in the week. We each had 5 oysters at a dollar a pop. Some of them were large and all were tasty, presented in pretty dishes with dips perfect for cradling a single shell. I went with the white wine because it was $5 and unsurprisingly it was a pretty good wine. Had a ship of my friend's gimlet, which was refreshingly proportioned.
I couldn't resist trying other food options, so we went with one cold app and one hot. The salmon tartare was nice, balanced with minimum vinaigrette and accompanied by two crisps of some sort. The grilled octopus was fantastic: tender, nicely charred on the outside, and substantial in portion considering it was only $13. It also came with pea shoots and another microgreen that went well with the octopus. 
There weren't many people aside from us, though it started to populate as we left. They run credit cards using an iPad. The website's menu page is currently down.I made a reservation for 6:15, to get the very end of happy hour but still make Wednesday's all you can eat crabs. It was a rainy day... was driving for an hour into the city. The traffic was crazy. I called and let them know. I arrived at 6:26. Stood at the door for 5 minutes until the waitress came to us. She was working by herself and needed to finished what she was doing, and that's fine. We sat down at 6:31, she came to us at 6:35 to ask us for our drink order. We asked if because of our circumstances, would we be able to make one quick happy hour order. It was DENIED! Yes we were late, but we were patient when she needed extra time. Either way I  enjoyed the food. Wednesday all you can eat crabs were amazing and well worth it. Hated the atmosphere. Waitress wore jean shorts that barely covered her tush. Didn't actually know she worked there. The restaurant itself smelled like pine-sol. It was a little hard to ignore throughout our meal. The seating arrangement was so sad. I called for a reservation and they put us at this tiny table... when the restaurant wasn't busy and there was even another back room that was completely empty! There were so many other tables to put us at, but if you make a reservation... they'll cram you on a tiny table next to the wall. It was uncomfortable. The chairs are all different so you're lucky not to get the one I sat in. It was old, higher then my dates and looked like it smelled like years of mildew. Place is in desperate need of a makeover. Crabs were 5 stars.The restaurant has only been open for a short time and it shows - they have slot of kinks to work out.  Atmosphere is funky, eclectic and very dark.  Bring a flashlight to read the menu, which is pretty limited.  Our server seemed to be in training because he seemed nervous and unsure of his role.  Our group of four had an assortment of small plates none of which were coordinated.  I'm ok with small plates but these are so small that you really cannot share and for the price an unacceptable value.  The kitchen staff looked totally overwhelmed with cooks yelling at each other and servers confused.  Bathroom is right next to the open kitchen so guests get a closeup of the confusion going on here.  My vote - stay away while they resolve some issues or just go somewhere else.Had the most excellent brunch here! The food was amazing and they have awesome brunch cocktails for only $5. Would absolutely recommend!Best seafood in Philly hands down. The octopus salad was divine and the miso cod was amazing. Just as good as the the miso cod at Nobu. Oysters were good as well. Really amazing food, we will definitely be backNOLO vibes. Cute chandeliers, pillows, cushions, etc. GREAT playlist. Hats off to the person in charge of music. Came here for "Lobsterfest" - $38.00 for a cup of lobster bisque or arugula salad + lobster entree. Lobster bisque was mediocre and Lukewarm. Two lobster tails entree was super tiny. Still starving after the meal. However, coconut cheesecake was bomb. Somewhat disappointed since they offered ginger creme brûlée, but was out of this item. Would've loved to try it out.Suzanne Duncan Lees
14 mins
A mother's day gift from my daughter landed us at Pine Fish, in center city (1138 Pine Street) for happy hour drinks and apps today. The place had a cozy feel with almost a Bohemian decor. Tables, and even a couch and ottomans surrounding a coffee table in the front of the restaurant, so different seating options. The happy hour menu (pictured) features $5 wines and martinis,( You had me at $5 martini). We had the following:
(4) clams on the half shell, Huge and fresh
(16) oysters on the half shell, sweet and delicious
**mignonette, cocktail sauce, mango soy sauce
Buffalo Shrimp (3) dusted with almond flour and fried, on a sweet buffalo sauce with a mound of blue cheese as a base 
Soft shell sliders, good, not outstanding
Scallops, watermelon ceviche--plump scallops, with a base of small slices of watermelon salad--wonderful.
Crab balls, (3) with a remoulade sauce
Smoked trout croquettes (3) served with a creamy flavorful sauce
"Fried" cauliflower with raisins and pine nuts--not a fan favorite
As I was my daughter's guest, I didn't look at the bill but my guesstimate is $70 before tip. We will definitely return!Amazing oysters and calamari was so tender. The house wine is really a treat. This is a hidden gem.What a wonderful addition to the Washington Square West neighborhood.
Went to Pinefish a few days ago w a girlfriend and was promptly greeted and seated. We purposely showed up during Happy Hour because I was excited about the buck-a-shuck oyster option (call me cheap but deals are deals!)
We ordered a dozen oysters to share and also 2 dinner menu dishes: seared tuna w/ foie gras (an appetizer) and the fish stew. I also opted for a dirty martini ($5 during HH, your choice of gin vs vodka).
Unfortunately a few of the oysters weren't that fresh so we stopped at half a dozen and asked them not to send out the rest. Our waitress was extremely apologetic about it. 
The fish stew was hearty and buttery with a generous amount of seafood. My friend really liked our seared tuna w foie gras appetizer but I felt somewhat lukewarm about it. Nothing wrong w it just didn't think it was as decadent tasting as I was expecting it to be. 
Our waitress was a sweetheart and extremely attentive. The interior, with vibrantly colored walls and chandeliers, is very inviting and unique, different from all the Philly restaurants I've been to. 
Therefore notwithstanding the oyster issue the place has a lot of promising potential and I really did enjoy my time here.Let's start off by saying, I'm writing this as I sit here in the actual restaurant. It's very loud and  they need better acoustics in here. I can't enjoy my meal without begging for Tylenol because it's so loud. 
The decor of this place is HORRIBLE. It's not even kitschy, it's tacky. 
On to the food, it's good, but very slow. Very small portions, but the ok. 
We were a party of 4, 2 burgers were ordered, one came out right away, the other came out 45 minutes later. In between waiting for the 2nd burger: 2 orders of  mussels, shrimp, scallops and  a crab cake came out all before the 2nd burger. WTH is that about? 
Would I come back. Prolly not. 
Sorry not sorry.This is a hidden gem in center city. They have a great happy hour for food and drinks. My favorite dish is the grilled octopus. Second would have to be the Whole grilled fish. Not only is the food great but the staff really sets a standard for customer service. If you're looking for good seafood and a comforting environment. This place is for you.Great little place! My friends and I came here for a SUNDAY happy hour! Got the fried shrimp, oysters, and minutos! Everything was great and for a great price! It's a cute little spot! I would definitely recommend for a casual date! We sat at the bar and the bartender was very friendly. All around great place.Womp womp... came here for lobster fest recently and it was a not a good experience. Our waiter did not know anything about the oysters on the menu not the fishes of the day. The grilled octopus was not very good and portion was small. I ordered the whole 1 1/2 lbs lobster  grilled and it was basically an over cooked lobster tail and claws. For the price we paid the meal was very mediocre. The choice of music was pretty bad as well.If you're not a huge seafood fan, don't worry: This place serves other types of food, too, and it's quite good! I got the brisket sandwich at dinner. The brisket was really juicy and tasty, and the price was decent. The wedge salad was also good.Went here on a business dinner and it was amazing. 
The decor and ambiance is very chic and cute
The waitress was AMAZING and helped us pick a bunch of small plates to share- which is the way to eat there. 
We had the octopus(for my VERY FIRST TIME) and it was so tender and delicious!
Sirloin steak strips- also delicious
Crab cake- nice crisp outside. Very good with the spicy mayo sauce
Scallops- SO PERFECT AND TENDER
Duck fries- not soggy as I read, they were perfect
The ice cream and pumpkin cheesecake were also delish. I cannot wait to eat here again next time I'm in town. Thank you Leslie!A very mixed review. Place was empty on a Wednesday night. We were there during happy hour before a show. 
Ordered several items and asked the waitstaff to hold back the items; the staff person said she said to stagger the items.
Instead they brought them all out promptly and instead of just taking them back wanted us to gobble down the food so they could put them on our table. One even said we could have taken the adjacent table and extended ours to make room for all the items.
Bread was served after the items were eaten so we could use it for the gravy, weird.
This is not first class. The waitress did comp us on one dish but really inattentive - you could see there was no room on the table.
On the plus side the food was well prepared, tasty and plated nicely.
I told them I would consider going back with a larger group and then have no problem if they did it again but they said that when they are crowded it takes a long time to get your order.
So unfortunately, that's the situation here.Simply wonderful !!!  I loved my steak and duck fat fries tonight.  The New England clam chowder was great.  The eclectic decor makes for a unique and relaxed dining experience. Two thumbs up !!!We came here as a large group for brunch and were surprised that their brunch menu options were rather limited, and they didn't offer the regular lunch or dinner menus. 
I decided to get the waffles with fresh fruit, but was surprised that for $11, the "fresh fruit" consisted of a few scattered slices of strawberries, and sprinkles of blueberries and raspberries.
Also, the waitress never refilled my coffee.
The lighting in the back room is really dark, which is great for a dark/shadowy dinner atmosphere to emphasize the ceiling lights, but was strange for brunch as well... And the room was very stuffy.
I don't think I'd come here again.... at least definitely NOT for brunch.It's Sunday afternoon - happy hour 4:30-6:30 every day, all tables inside or outside? COUNT ME IN. Came with a party of 4 with a 4:30 reservation and was seated at their outdoor covered seating. It's a triangular teepee with plastic covering the side near the street and above you. Our waitress was really nice and bubbly. We ordered a ton of stuff, mainly snacks and strayed off the happy hour menu for the regular mac 'n cheese which was shells, great cheese with a slight kick. Oysters weren't very flavorful but can't complain because they were $1.50, bang bang shrimp was surprisingly good but only came with 4 shrimp ($7). Same with mozzarella sticks, just 4 at $7.50. Calamari came with more generous portions at $8. Crab Bruschetta didn't taste super fresh, but was my friend's favorite ($8). I think it's a great place to chill, not sure about their quality but I feel like their entrees are a step up so maybe next time we'll order more from the actual menu.. I know the lobster mac 'n cheese gives you a whole lobster tail - WOAH. Also, the inside is very homey and rustic, there's this couch in the living room when you walk in. Seemed a little bit messy to me but I think that's just their style tbh.This restaurant was one of the worst restaurants that I have ever eaten in my life. The night started with a waitress who was sweet, but extremely flustered from the start. There were 6 of us at the table. We ordered our drinks and received them pretty quickly but all the drinks came in shot glasses and were 14 dollars a pop. Normally I won't have an issue with the cost but the size of each drink was a joke. The food was sub par at best. The lobster tails were raw and the Branzino was full of bones. We had to ask the waitress if the kitchen could filet the Branzino and she assured us they could.
I understand there is always a possibility that you will find a bone or two but they were through out the fish. We asked to see the owner and he came to the table very defensively. He was proud of himself that he had taken our raw lobster tails off the bill and claimed he checked the Branzino after we sent it back. He argued that he didn't see any bones. The waitress was then berated by the owner and his wife (who I think runs kitchen) blaming her for the mess which they called dinner. Do yourself a favor and stay far away from Pinefish. There are plenty of great fish restaurants in Philly, this just isn't one of them !!!!I have only been here once and this is already one of my favorite seafood restaurants in the city! This place is excellent; great décor, atmosphere, service and most importantly amazing food. A few items I highly recommend that you wont regret ordering:
Fried Cauliflower - very flavorful and great side to have with seafood. 
Duck Fat Fries - I know what you are thinking, why order fries at a seafood place? Well because they were cooked in duck fat and were absolutely delicious. 
Pan seared Salmon - cooked to perfection and incredible fresh and tasty. It comes with a crispy skin, spinach and Parmesan cream. This was my favorite dish! 
Not only was the food excellent the drinks were amazing as well. They had a decent wine and cocktail list. I would highly recommend the "best damn sour" drink - it comes with makers mark, amaretto, sour mix and egg whites. It tastes just as good as you would get it at a speakeasy spot! 
If you still have room in your stomachs, I would recommend the deconstructed key lime pie. It was really light and a great way to end a perfect meal!I'm not a hyper-critic, and generally don't like giving weak reviews (I'd rather just keep my mouth shut in those cases). But I was profoundly disappointed by my experience here--maybe because I wanted it to be a really good experience--it it fell way short of the mark.
The good news first: Very lovely and accommodating staff. 
The bad news: The food was terrible. Pinefish was promoting "LobsterFest" so we decided to go with the flow and try that. The dishes (we ordered two different kinds: lobster tail and grilled whole lobster) were mealy, tough, and felt as if they were dragged out of the deep freezer from last year. The only redeeming part of the plate: very tasty grilled corn.  We also ordered duckfat fries as a side. Thank goodness for that. They were delicious. 
We paid a lot for a meal for two. On Walnut, Passyunk, or in Fishtown, the price we paid would have produced a diner's delight. We got indigestion. 
Sorry to rag on this place. Maybe they were having an off night, Or maybe we should have stuck to their traditional menu.A new gem in Philly! 
I love the whole vintage boho-yet-classy feel of the interior (somehow they pull it off so well). It's kinda dim lit, soft yet colorful, and has a warm feel for being somewhat upscale. 
Even more than the charming interior, the top-notch service really impressed with this new seafood bar. A group of about seven of us came for a friend's birthday, and I had made a cake for the occasion that I brought before everyone else arrived. It was a super hot day, and the icing had kinda melted, making the cake somewhat lopsided, but the servers were extremely accommodating in helping me to fix and store it in a cool space downstairs until after the meal. Throughout the whole night, the waitress was exceedingly friendly and obliging (which definitely bumped up my opinion of this place to a solid five stars). 
The food did take a while to come out, and though some of the portions were small, everything was delicious. Among the variety of smaller dishes that we had ordered, my favorites were probably the crab cake and the fried cauliflower. I'd love to check this place out for HH or something eventually too!Was there 2 months ago and still thinking about it! Love the small plates, so you can sample. Just go.I've become a frequent flyer here. The decor gives a very at home feel. The food was absolutely fantastic. I'm still exploring the menu but everything I've had was fresh and very tasteful. Their happy hour is second to none. $1 oysters and shrimps along with 5 dollar app.Came here with my Girlfriend, Mom, Sister after a day at the Philadelphia Museum of Art. The place is cozy close quarters and ambient lighting atmosphere has a trendy feel. I found this place overpriced and cheap with their entrees as you had to pay for your sides which makes the bill higher after all is said and done. So why doesn't the entrees come with a side? every restaurant I ever been to has a side that comes with an entree. The Blackened Salmon was about 3" x 1 1/2" x 1" thick for $12 and no side. My girlfriend's steak was a little bigger than my Salmon and that was $17 and no side. The Calamari was overcooked. The seafood bisk had two small pieces of meat for a cup and no crackers. I came from NYC to have a good Moms day out and was very disappointed.The food was very good--even my discerning husband agreed.  We shared the scallops, the whole fish, the caesar salad and the fries.  Everything was delicious.  But the atmosphere wasn't quite there, in part because of the Muzak and in part because it was nearly empty, even though it was Saturday night at 8.  Given the quality of the food, I'm not sure why it doesn't get better business.My sister and I came here for the brunch and the food is so good! Service was good too! My sister said it was a little too quiet for her lol but the food was good which is what I cared about the most! I got the lobster Benedict and it was just right and those homefries were seasoned perfect!! DelishI decided to check out this place for restaurant week 2018 and I must say I was pleasantly surprised and I'm definitely going to return to try their regular menu. This is a very cute spot, with the mix matched furniture and the awesomely colored chandeliers hanging from the tables, not to mention their intimate lounge seating, which is a super cool option for large/small groups. From the first course to the fourth I was absolutely pleased!!! The hostess and servers were so friendly and professional!  Overall, it was a really great experience!Amazingly awesome happy hour. Drinks are strong and refreshing. I had the gin martini. The skewers were awesome, can't go wrong with zucchini shrimp with garlic butter :) delish! I had surf and turf. Now here's the minus one star the fillet was just okay not great seemed kind of chewy for medium rare. The lobster tails which I had one and my wife has two were perfectly done and tasted fresh. We had Italian ice cream sundaes and they had Orange cremcicle was very good and a big portion so we should of split. She had cherry and vanilla and it was good too. Overall great staff and food. I'll stick with seafood or the burger next time. Definitely recommend this to anyone.Not a fan of this place. The decor is derelict and grungy, which is what their going for to be fair, but it's just not my thing. The menu is mostly small plates and for a place that has fish in the name does not have many "fish"  plates. It's not a place I would want to eat dinner at. Small plates yes, but that's basically a drink and snack stop at night. It's not quite a full meal and it's not quite tapas;  it's a bizarre confusing and in my opinion slightly over priced experience that was not my cup of tea.I always enjoy this place. They offer weekend happy hour with lots of great things like oysters and skewers as well as plenty of drink specials. They make a mean seafood themed brunch on Saturdays and Sundays which is amazing! My favorite thing about Pinefish is their secret menus. Follow them on social media and you get a VIP scoop on their insider lobsterfests, everyday is restaurant week menu and treats like oysters a la cheech and chong.  There is a comfortable lounge seating set up as well as standard restaurant tables. Having both options really lends the space to a nice hang out with friends as well as a more formal date night feeling. Overall it's all great!This was the first time my friends and I had ever experienced the Pinefish cuisine and we left the restaurant happy and full! Our servers name was Laura and she did everything she could to ensure happiness from our table. The fried cauliflower, the raw oysters, the salmon, the duck fat fries, the fried oysters in the fancy sauce, even their Caesar salad was on point - SWEET JESUS I want it now! Thanks Pinefish for making a very special memory with a visiting friend even better! PS) The ambience is very laid back and Egyptian/Morocon themed with chandeleirs, cool tables and quirky chairs throughout. #BirthdayPartyIdeas  #PinefishRocksVisiting for the weekend and saw Pinefish on the internet and Yelp. Delicious!!!! Very eclectic decor with a laid back atmosphere. Friendly and attentive waitress and staff. My husband and I ordered from the Lobsterfest Menu that is available through the summer. It includes a three course meal. Outstanding drinks!! The Price is just right. They also have a happy hour everyday with half priced items a drinks. We will be back for the happy hour before we leave town! Love the decor with mismatch chairs, sofas and chandeliers definitely a plus!!Yes, the happy hour deals are LEGIT: $5 martinis! YAY! Fancy a mojito? DONE! But we tried all three of the wines (white, rose, red) and none were stand-outs (plus the red tasted stale). $1 oysters were decent - low in salinity, unlike my beloved Welfleets, but fresh & clean - and served with cocktail sauce, lemon, horseradish (ask for it!), hot sauce. But we received no info about where they were from, etc. Fried cauliflower is still the yummiest dish we've had here - salty, sweet, crunchy. Shrimp & zucchini skewer was nothing to write home about. 
Our bigger issue was with the service. There were ~3 waitstaff milling about when we arrived (all of whom seemed to get busy later, but having them waiting by the bar was a little strange). And the poor bartender - there's only one! - got caught making ALL of the drinks (including those $5 martinis, which the HH crowd was definitely taking advantage of), serving all the bar patrons (where most people were seated), and expediting. She was clearly spread a bit thin, and that explains why it took 10 minutes to order a second round, but still not a good sign. 
The atmosphere is also a bit... strange. Decor is unusual. But sitting at the bar on the right you get a view of a bunch of coolers and a glimpse at some some prep areas; sitting at the bar on the left you watch the raw bar and kitchen prep. 
Overall, Pinefish thinks it's high dining, but can seem like a (granted, elevated) dive bar.It's nice to have a place to go with good food that supports local musicians! The owner is great.I was skeptical but they totally proved me wrong. We went with the duck fries and Brussel sprouts based on reviews and they were spot on!! Soooo delish.
My shrimp was the ultimate garlic, which I love, and the steak was hard to share because I didn't want to.After several minutes of searching the block in this busy center neighborhood we located Pinefish where we were meeting our friend for dinner. Having found it before we did, he greeted us at the door and guided us to our table in this pleasant, rather small, dimly lighted establishment with shabby-chic décor. After a short wait we were presented with, in keeping with the décor, our somewhat tattered menus. Without success I attempted to overlook the grease smear on the bread plate in front of me. Throughout our visit our server was pleasant and attempted to be helpful, though at times she seemed to disappear from the scene and several times she found it necessary to apologize for only being on the job for a few days. Thinking back, we would have been wise to order a bottle of wine because what we received by the glass was a short pour.  All of us enjoyed our menu choices. Two of us ordered the swordfish steak specials. We found them to be moist, flavorful and generously portioned, so much so that we passed on dessert. Prices here are a bit on the high side, likely reflecting the cost of fresh seafood these days.Had the most delicious meal here! Everything we ordered was superb (list below). They also have a fantastic happy hour deal. I will 100% be back soon!
-Mussels
-Salmon
-Brussel Sprouts 
-Crab Cake
-Garlic ShrimpCame in for restaurant week and would definitely recommend the crab cakes, garlic shrimp,and lobster bisque. Those three really stood out to me but everything we got there was good, even the drinks.Pinefish is so cute! Came for brunch on a Sunday. Loved the decor and relaxed atmosphere. Service was great and everyone was friendly. $5 mimosas were wonderful. Ordered the crab cake Benedict with fruit in place of home fries - there was a good amount of fresh lump crab, but it was a little spicy for my taste. Will definitely be back to try the rest of the menu!I love playing fish, the menu with inventive all the dishes are high profile and carefully executed. It has great Tell her vibe. Absolutely delightfulUpdating my review since my last one was 3 yrs ago.. Pinefish is STILL my favorite seafood restaurant in philly, and still 5 stars! 
There's some different menu items from when my last review was 3 yrs ago. Recently I've been getting the swordfish chop which is massive bone-in chop. So tender and delicious. The wasabi mashed potatoes are amazing. The tri-color beet salad was fantastic!!! And the arugula salad was also very good. The cauliflower is still one of my favorites. 
A new special they have is a curry covered trout.. wow this was fantastic! Full fish with the head on, but butterflied open. The curry was so delicious but didn't overpower the perfectly cooked fish. I felt like I was eating back in the Caribbean! 
I LOOOOVE happy hour daily (even Saturday!!) with $1 oysters!! This is amazing. 
The decor is cute and unique, the staff are fantastic. I just really love this place so much. Thank you!!Really nice supper - crab cake was crispy and had excellent crab. Service is very nice, decor pleasant and interesting.  Highly recommend.This spot is known for their seafood. So I ordered oysters to start off then I got their lobster mac & cheese which was so good (check out the pic). They have happy hour daily from 4:30-6:30 every day even on weekends. I got their house dirty martini for $6.Decided to pop in for dinner for restaurant with my girls and they did not disappoint. As soon as you walk in the ambiance sweeps you away it's so dreamy but the best part is the second dining area *chefs kiss to the designer. They hit the mark hard on ambiance. The service was amazing as well, we were seated promptly and even moved quickly when we found our window spot was a little too drafty. We ordered from the restaurant week menu and the regular menu and the only thing bad was the dessert. Most dry chocolate cake I've had in my life (table agreed.) All other food was amazing and I'm still thinking about the flounder stuffed with lobster and it's a month later! Everything was so flavorful and fresh. I'll be back for sure!Excellent food, fantastic service. Really enjoy my brunch there. Have the Crab Cake Benedict with side of home fries and Bacon. Wife had the lobster sandwich. Both items were outstanding!I've been here twice for restaurant week, food is pretty good and staff are very friendly. Last time I went the food wasn't very what but it was still tasty. The portion sizes are decent for what you pay!So after waiting for restaurants to re-open, I was excited to go to Pinefish.  Especially because my boyfriend has never been & I've raved about it.  I have to say I was disappointed... We had 5pm reservations.  And even though they still continue to advertise their happy hour specials on drinks, they charged me $10 for all of my martinis (oh and they don't have their happy hour menu either).  I asked our waitress about it and she told me that's just what they charged us.  ???  Our waitress also never brought us napkins or utensils.  Again ??? We had to ask for them and at one point, she forgot.  Our food was just okay.  Not awful but it used to be better...Decided to try out Pinefish for Restaurant Week and we were not disappointed! The decor is definitely unique and it's an intimate space, with cool colors and beautiful chandeliers above a lot of the tables. For the first course we got the Caesar salad and lobster bisque, and my husband also got the oysters (weren't on RW menu), all were great. The Caesar was dressed perfectly, I ate every bite. 2nd course was the duck fat fries and roasted tomatoes. Those fries are DANGEROUS! We didn't want to finish them all because we still had the main courses coming, but we could not stop picking at them, they were so delicious. For the main, I got the salmon with spinach and he got the surf and turf. He's picky about how his steak is cooked but it was a perfect med-rare. My salmon was delicious as well, great crispy skin and very flavorful. For dessert, the key-lime crumble and carrot cake were a great way to end the meal. And I have to give a shout out to our server Lauren, she was fantastic! So friendly and accommodating! I also have some special dietary needs, and they were met without a problem. We left very excited to have a new restaurant that we could add to the rotation, because we will definitely be back to Pinefish!I have been meaning to try Pinefish for a couple years and I am not sure why I have not made it there sooner. Last night my boyfriend and I tried it and were very happy we did. We had amazing timing because they were having their lobster fest. Yes that makes me think of red lobster but it is nothing close, this us sooooo much better 
For $38 you could choose between an arugula salad and lobster bisque followed by four choices of entrées. Two of the choices included full lobsters and the other two were just tails. My boyfriend decided on the surf and turf and I decided to do the two lobster tails. The lobster meat was delicious but the fillet was disappointing. Yes, they are known for seafood not steak but yet the fact that it was disappointing as well as the service being poor lost them the fifth star. We both selected the lobster bisque which was amazing!!! It had a lot of sweet tasty lobster meat and the bisque itself was delicious! We also added on the scallop appetizer which was also delicious but a little overpriced for the size. 
The real disappointment was with the service. It took a while for our server to even come over to the table and when she did she always just seemed like she was annoyed to be doing her job. Also, we had asked to get the scallops before the soup which she said would be OK but instead we got the scallops at least 10 to 15 minutes after we finished our soup. We were barely able to finish the scallops when our dinner arrived. The entrées also came with corn on the cob which was a bit disappointing as well. At this time of year you could get much better corn locally so I really believe they had it shipped in from somewhere further away. 
We had the blueberry pie with homemade whipped cream for dessert which was quite tasty.  
Overall I really did like Pinefish and I would definitely go back. I believe there are not enough seafood restaurants in Philly, and I would like to try some of the other items on their menu. 
But, as my bf said, we won't go back too soon because there are just too many other places to try in Philly.Yo yo yo. I'm back!! Pinefish gets all the love tonight. The lady and I came here on a Tuesday during happy hour which includes the whole venue, not just the bar. Immediately you're blessed with a bohemian vibe and very attentive wait staff. We had no problem being seated (we had a res. but didn't need one) and were onto the happy hour train in moments. Look it up. The specials are great and there's a solid variety of drinks and food (e.g., skewers, roasted veggies, and dollar oysters). Everything was legit. Our favorites were the (lightly) fried shrimp and salmon sliders. The fried cauliflower almost made summa cum laude.
On to the service. Spot on. Again we were greeted immediately and the few conversations we had with our waitress were comfortable and made us feel very welcome. She was funny and kept our (inexpensive yet boozy) drinks flowing without ever coming close to being pushy. 
All in all a 10 (okay a five cuz yelp hates variation in their data). Y'all should really get after this jawn. Great food in a relaxed and intimate environment with a superb staff. Can't beat it. I'll be back soon, no doubt.I have been here 3 times now, and it is some of if not the best seafood I have had in the city. Happy hour oysters (buck per oyster), fantastic deal. Soft Shell crabs for $8 a piece are amazing, and you will not find a better price. Fried oysters best I have had in the city easily. Octopus was great, 12 hour sous vide, they take off the suckers by hand, and then grill it. The thicker part tastes like a sausage almost, so good. Disagree with the reviewer below about the portion size of the octopus. Duck fat fries are great, king crab leg great, everything really is so good, going back there today. 
And the service, Alana (spelling) behind the bar is super friendly as is all of the staff I have had the chance to interact with; very happy that this opened and is close by!Pinefish is living proof that Philadelphia still deserves the title The City of Brotherly Love and Sisterly Affection: Excellent food served in a place by people dripping with color and personality.
Our server was the bartender (Leslie) and in addition to being an excellent hostess in spite of the packed restaurant, when one of my party members lamented the time the return trip would take for us she called a Lyft for us like it was nothing! You never know how to thank someone for treating you so well and I feel bad that I still can't now as I type this out.
On top of this unprecedented service, the food was exceptional: I personally had the Seared Salmon, and the slight bitterness of the crust complimented the rich cream sauce that accompanied it as much as the wilted spinach... the grilled asparagus paired excellently with it as well.
*This* is the kind of place I want to eat at.Stopped into the Pinefish on a Tuesday afternoon post 4th of July. The place was pretty empty which I'd expect after a holiday. However, it was clear that the other patrons were regulars which added an extra charm. 
I was hooked by the interior design and my midwestern pallet needing some real seafood. None of the food disappointed. The lobster bisque was elevated by a sour kick that provided another layer to the usual creaminess. 
The crab cake was a little burned on the outside, but the inner portion gave me the pow I was looking for. 
I'd bring friends here, partially for the colorful locals that seem to call this place home.Pretty awful all-around from the moment we arrived.  When we first sat down there was a lobster special menu that appeared rushed in execution as it was not clear.  There was no pricing and no information on how to order off this menu.  My friend asked the woman who sat us how the menu worked and she in a disgruntled tone stated, "$35 a head".  Not actually answering my friends question.  Sorry for bothering you, ma'am.  Just a reminder...you are in the hospitality industry!  We later were informed by our main waitress that $35 included a salad and one of the dishes on the menu.  Our waitress overall was very friendly, younger girl who used an iPad to take our order.  The only issue with the iPad is that it slightly slowed down our ordering process as the waitress was spending significant time inputting each entry.  I understand this will likely make BOH more organized however from the customer perspective it came off a bit clumsy and slow.  Also, when we received the lobster my friend asked for utensils such as a small fork and the apparatus that crushes the claws (forgetting the name at the moment).  This should have been on the plate in the first place.  It took us asking two different waiters for these utensils as the first one was apparently confused. Now, to the food...
The lobster was actually pretty good and I did think it was a fair value.  We also got the mussels which were pretty bad; didn't taste fresh at all and the broth they came in was underwhelming. The fries which I've heard people rave about were disappointingly soggy.  
Lastly, the bathroom was filthy.  And having worked in the industry for many years this tends to be an indication of how well the staff maintains the kitchen.  I can only imagine! Disgusting.
Overall, I would not return to this place.  I can forgive an off night with a poor dish however I can not forgive poor service.Went today for drinks and food. Good prices and plenty to choose from. Bathrooms needed some cleaning there was a trash bag on the toilet and urinal not sure if they are doing construction. Looked like it needed a face lift. Overall alright nothing special.I used to love this restaurant but tonight changes that. The food was okay, and I mean okay. The Brazilian seafood stew was just meh. But the waitress was the worst; spent her time flirting with a guy at another table. It was only our table left and him. The rest of the staff saw that we were done and nobody bothered to get us our check until 20 minutes later when we had to speak up. We ended up over tipping for bad service. I won't go back because the service was not super, and the food was just meh. It's a shame because it used to be so good. But they lost me as a customer.Very nice, interesting preparation, very tasty food, nice service, unique atmosphere, highly recommended!The ambiance was not my twist. New age rustic theme. The seating was not accomadating to a large group. The food portion is small. I did not like my food,mediocre.The water was served to our table in a stack but not given individually. I would not dine here again. The service was good though,server and hostess were nice.You had me at (lobster) Benedicts with Friends. We've only been for brunch and it's on the smaller quieter side (we've never had any issues showing up with 2-4 of us and grabbing a table/ spot at the small bar). The Benedict's and the Bloody Mary's are truly amazing. I look forward to trying dinner here soon.I definitely recommend the oysters and the mussels on the happy hour menu ! The place open at 4:30pm, and happy hour ends at 6:30pm. I went on a Sunday so there was no wait. The service was great.I'll start by saying that the food is good. 
However, it was likely the worst service I've ever experienced. we were seated 20 minutes after our reservation time (after checking in twice and telling them to just seat us at a table for 6 (we were 8)). several tables were filthy an hour after the parties had left, and our waiter (mark) was downright rude. He was accusatory, dismissive, and rolled his eyes and scoffed when we didn't tip (we had to remind him that it was already included). Mark told us after some of us had food that they were out of one of the items to complete our order, and did not apologize at all. By the time everyone had food, one dish hadn't yet to come out, and when we asked about it the waiter said that because the diner was late to the meal, that's why it was late (we ordered for her when we all ordered???) he asked us when we paid with several cards if we had ever heard of Venmo. He wouldn't take responsibility for anything - after double charging us for an omelet, he said oh yes, it's something with the dish (?) no sir, it's something with you. Mark should not be in the hospitality industry.The first time we went to Pinefish, I loved everything. This last time I loved most dishes. 
We started with the oysters Rockefeller that were grilled goodness! Raw oysters we nice. The sides were so good that I could have just eaten those and be happy:  Brussel sprouts,  cauliflower, truffles mashed potatoes (perfection!).
I had the grilled whole fish (bones made it difficult). Good but not as good as the first time. Others had the lobster tails and steak. 
They gave us extra cauliflower (which we ate up) and the stewed tomatoes (glad we didn't pay for those). 
It's a loud space and crowded but it has a cool neighborhood vibe that is very Philly. 
Nice wine and beer selections along with specialty drinks. 
If you haven't been, I would recommend that you try it. They take reservations off open table. I've heard they have good happy hour specials at the bar. 
So what are you waiting for?Pinefish is Amazing!! I'm so excited to review this place and I can't wait to come back. Everything about it I loved. FANTASTIC seafood, amazing AFFORDABLE prices, great beer, cute atmosphere, and great service!
FOOD (in order of my favorites):
- Special: Grilled POMPANO was cooked perfectly, such an amazing flavor in the fish, topped with a creamy crab remoulade, and laid atop a spicy watermelon salad. This dish stole the night away for me! and my date! We both were absolutely loving this dish. 
- Special:  Sesame crusted AHI TUNA, topped with fois gras was so delicious! It was drizzled with this amazing dark sweet cherry sauce. WOW, so tasty.
- Fried cauliflower was delicious. It was perfectly cooked with a slight crispiness, strong flavor, and some sweet raisins in there. Yumm!
- Octopus was really good. Great charcoal grill flavor, a bit spicy sauce with a nice zing. The one long tentacle was different, but still tasted good.
- Several different types of Oysters on the half shell. I only ordered 3 because they were $3 each, which is my only wish they were cheaper. I wonder if they do happy hour for cheaper? 
BEER
- Free will peach sour!  Epic brewing! Allagash! Fegleys! They have a lot of good craft beers for a seafood restaurant!  Way to go Pinefish! 
SERVICE was fantastic. Our waitress was a sweetheart. So helpful in explaining the specials, and always checking back on us. Very attentive and nice. 
DECOR is really cute. Very odd and creative, gives this place a very colorful, entertaining view for your eyes. Soft cushions on the benches, and the plates were colorful and original! You almost feel like you're dining in your own living room!
I like the chalkboard in the main room with all the seafood options, and the beer menu. I also like how the dining room is separated into two separate areas; the main bar has a dining area that reminds you of your living room, and then there's another secret dining room that's just as large, attached on the other side for additional seating.  
I'm in love with Pinefish. Bravo chef, the food is fantastic. High 5 stars from me!My boyfriend and I were craving seafood after leaving our first Yelp Elite Event, and after a few yelp searches, we found Pinefish. We were able to walk there in 15 minutes, and it is in a BEAUTIFUL part of town. I was really surprised that I had never walked through that part before. 
When you walk in, right away you'll notice the multicolored lounge-like decor--a very warm, inviting atmosphere. The restaurant is very dimly lit, so getting clear pictures of our food was pretty difficult. There are a few large dishes on the menu , but according to our bartender, the restaurant serves mostly small dishes and seafood. We had just missed happy hour, which I plan on coming back for-- $1 clams and oysters along with a bunch of other awesome drink specials--um yes please. 
We decided to stick to small dishes, so we went with the  clams, a scallops dish, the crab cake dish, and the salmon. The clams were a little smaller than I anticipated, but there were lots of them in the bowl, which we were okay with. The scallops were seared and had this lovely crunchy crust on top. The crab cake was NOT mostly filler--there were lots of crab chunks in it, and it came on top of an awesome remoulade type sauce that was great for dipping. The salmon was probably our favorite because it was cooked so well that it almost melted in your mouth. The bartender showed us the happy hour menu when we were ready to leave, so I definitely plan on checking that out.Very high marks for their takeout service during the COVID-19 shutdown.  Food was perfect, piping hot, and huge portions for the price.  We'll be eating it for several more meals.  Great experience and would highly recommend.  Thank you!So I thought this place was actually called "Friends with Benedict's" but it's just their special every Sunday. 
Whatever you call this place, "yum" should follow. It was delicious. 
They offer interesting Benedict options too. For example scallops. I ordered that and my friend got the crab cake. Both were really good and quality seafood pieces. 
The potatoes were also bomb.comIf I could give this place zero stars I would.  I was so excited about visiting this restaurant and we made reservations ahead of time on open table (which is where the website directs you to book).
I was so looking forward to this dinner in the days leading up to this.  To my surprise, I receive a call just a couple hours prior to our reservation to ask us to move our reservation to an hour earlier.  Unfortunately due to work, we were not able to.  The hostess then proceeds to tell us that they were closing early due to weather conditions.  Mind you, it was a beautiful fall night.  
I ask to speak to the manager and low and behold, the rudest person I have ever spoken to in the hospitality industry gets on the phone and provides me with slightly different information.  They were not closing early but states that their last seating is two hours before they close and she didn't know why open table allowed me to book that time and that it wasn't her fault.  She was the most insincere, inconsiderate, least compassionate, unapologetic person ever.  
What restaurant's last seating is two hours prior to closing?!!  I think this was complete BS.  I'll be sure to tell everyone not to come here and make sure I share this information and experience on my food blog.In spite of a couple underwhelming reviews, we decided to give Pinefish a try. 
Great decision!
We enjoyed our dinner thoroughly.
Highlights were the Seared Tuna and Foie.... Fantastic.
We started with duck fries.  Perfectly prepared: crispy and tasty!
We saved a bit of room for dessert and the Key lime pie was killah!
Not sure what some reviewers are after.  We dine all over the world and Pinefish served a great meal!
Go.I came here during restaurant week for my mom's birthday. We had a reservation and didn't have to wait long. The food was good, way better then I thought it would be. I got the shrimp with was delicious and very garlicy. The crab cakes were also delicious, most meat. For dessert half the table got carrot cake, the other half chocolate cake, both were good. The only thing we had that wasn't good was the fried cauliflower. I've heard good things about it and also mixed reviews. There was way to much of a vinegar taste on it. I was only able to have a bite. Overall the decor was nice and the waitress was very attentive.My friends and I came for brunch and the food was delicious! The restaurant is also super cute in the inside and I loved the vibe of the restaurant.