This amazing brick oven pizza joint gets better every time I go. The last I time I went I got a Rotolo and a prosciutto pizza. The Rotolo is dough wrapped around mortadella and ricotta cheese and topped with pistachios and oil. It is so good. I order it every time. It's about the size of a bun and cost $5. The pizza was amazing. The prosciutto was incredibly tasty. The dough is divine. The service is always great and the beer selection is good. Definitely one of the best pizza places in Philly.Overrated. This place is ok, often the crust is burned...maybe our pallets aren't sophisticated enough to appreciate that taste but it's not our thing. We enjoyed the cauliflower salad and the fried dough ball dessert is delishI could be craving pizza and be walking by and STILL not go in again. I will say the ingredients are definitely fresh and service was great however the pizza is just plain not good. The crust is so thin that the pizza is cold within a few minutes and it was just a little floppy and bland. I wanted to love this place but with so many other pizzerias in the area I won't be going back.Philadelphia, I love you.  Places like this remind me why.  We sat at the counter and watched the guys make the pizzas.  Our son hates cheese on a pizza and they had one already on the menu for him: The Marinara (oregano, crushed san marzano tomatoes, garlic, olive oil).  It was simple... but delicious. If you like real wood-fired pizzas that char the crust (a little blackened... in a good way), this is the place to go to.  Our other favorite pizza joints that rival this place are Lombardi's (NYC) and Grimaldi's (Brooklyn).  We all had a slice and were shocked at the lovely simplicity of it. Razor thin slices of garlic dotted the fresh tomato sauce.  My husband and I shared the Salsiccia (fennel sausage, roasted fennel, tomato sauce, mozzarella).  Roasted fennel on a pizza?  Brilliant. I cried a little.  No wait... I REALLY cried when we shared this cocktail: The Brooklyn (Dad's Hat rye, Luxardo cherry, white vermouth).  It says it serves one, but they brought it out in a cute little bottle and gave us each a glass...each with a hand- crafted giant square ice cube (hipster-cool) and Luxardo cherries.  Perfection.  We also shared a Rotolo (pizza dough, mortadella, ricotta, pistacchio pesto).  Those are crazy amazing.  I kept saying my husband could eat the rest... then freaking out and going back for another bite. He's lucky I didn't stab him in the hand with a fork to fight over the last bite (to be fair, he was the smart one who ordered it).  I could've eaten several of those and forgotten the pizza (although that was wonderful too!).  We finished with a little dessert... perfect little Italian cookies ("Cookie Jar" - pignoli, almond cookies, chocolate biscotti, pistacchio gnocchi) and I got an Affogato (fiordilatte soft serve with a shot of espresso).  The soft serve is Italian sweet cream... decadent and lovely... with rich espresso in a pretty little Italian mug.  I'm in Heaven here.  I know nothing about Vetri's other restaurants, but I'm checking them out next time I'm in Philadelphia!  By the way... service was great and friendly.  5 stars all around!I really enjoyed this hip pizza shop. The atmosphere was great. Hip hop was jamming in the background so we at the community tables could have great conversation. The wait staff was very knowledgeable and just wanted to customer to have a fabulous experience. Local beer, wine on tap, and delicious pizza. We ordered the prosciutto pie and Nutella dessert pie! YumOh Pizzeria Vetri, how I wanted to 4 and 5 star love you- but our night wasnt that night. Don't get me wrong, your food was decent- the Crudo was tasty and the rotolo was great but I guess the hype prior to meeting you was just a bit oversold. 
Service: Meh. everyone there seemed really bored and the vibe was a bit bland. 
Seating: I sat at the counter because I dislike communal seating unless I'm at a bar. I recommend this option if you don't want to sit near someone else's hangry toddler or if you just want to watch the pizza making magic.
Food: Decent. The pizza (I got the Crudo) was good and rotolo was really good but my pizza was a bit too oily and was barely warm. Other then that, the thin crust style pizza was well executed and all of the ingredients were fresh. The prosciutto wasn't overly salty and the sauce was lovely.
I will probably go back soon to try a bit more from the menu since there were a lot of things that were appealing like the Melanzana and Salsiccia pizzas or the Nutella Pizza for dessert, yum.  
To be continued...We really enjoyed our visit to Pizzeria Vetri.  The group split four pies, Margherita, Crudo, Quattro Formaggi and Renato.  They all tasted great, I think the Margherita and Crudo were our two favorites.  Good beer selection and the Fried Pizza Dough dessert was a nice ending to fun night out.  
PV is quite small with little waiting space, the bar Kite & Key across the street is a good spot to wait and have a drink.Checked this spot out with work colleagues due to its convenient location to our work (we could walk & leave cars in parking garage!).
Pleasantly blown away!
Sicilian slice with pancetta & vidalia onions was unbelievably airy & done perfectly.
Shared an Italian Caesar salad -- little heavy on dressing but loved the anchovies!
Splurged & got the sweet cream & cappuccino soft serve twist -- we all devoured this in minutes! Dining partners loved the assortment of Italian cookies (I was in gluten coma & could not do any more dough!  Fell off my GF wagon for the night). 
Would so come back again!
Get here early ... We did thankfully; was packed by 6p.This is a decent pizza place with a pizza bar around the pizza oven/hearth where you can see them make pizza right in front of you. 
The service is pretty quick. The only downside is that it is a small place and is always crowded so you should expect wait times.Excellent restaurant & service. Very nice atmosphere & friendly staff. I have tried the pizza & the calzone. Really nice and I loved it.All I can really say is WoW.  The flavors were fantastic.  Quattro Formaggi, Crudo and Sea Salt and Rosemary.  The service was great.  The open pizza area was great to watch these guys at their work.  Beer list is awesome.  What else can I say.  Go.  Eat Pizza the way it should have always been.Preface - I LOVE Pizza.  So even when this place was under construction I already had my sights set on it.  Finally was able to get there yesterday and let me tell you, it did not disappoint.  I went on a Friday night and I was expecting a bit of a wait given that it is still the new hotspot, but to my surprise for my group of 4 the hostess said it would be a 15-20 minute wait and we were seated in about 10 minutes.  Prompt seating = bonus.  We sat around the kitchen bar counter and so got to enjoy watching them make pizza all night long.  Ok on to the food.  I read from other reviews that the ritolo was a must try and indeed it is a must try.  They are relatively small so if you get two (which we did) its not a big deal.  We got the crudo pizza and the margerita pizza.  The pizza dough on both was perfect, a bit crispy but still chewy and full of flavor.  We got the crudo pizza and the margerita pizza.  The crudo pizza was our favorite out of the two.  Its a bit bigger than a personal pizza, so perfect for two people to share.  Then came the dessert, I was not expecting much from the dessert as this is a pizza place, but we ordered the fried dough and the cappacino soft serve ice cream.  The ice cream blew us away.  Perhaps the best ice cream we have ever had.  One of the people in our group was lactose intolerant and even she said screw it and had some of the ice cream, it was that good.  
On a side note, toward the end of our dinner vetri came in and was talking to the various chefs and employees.  Kind of cool to see him in the restaurant.
Overall an awesome experience that lived up to our expectations and then some.  Will definitely be making this a regular place.Greeted at the door by a pleasant server.  Ample seating.  Tables turn over quickly.  Loud music. Hip vibe.   Young crowd.  Cheap eats.  $8 wines and a pretty decent beer selection.   Pizza served within 5 minutes!  Absolutely fabulous!  Nice thin crust with fresh ingredients.  Didn't expect fresh tasty basil in Philadelphia in 9° weather (bit of a basil snob, I am).  Good mozzarella on our Margherita pie.  Hubby had the special Salumente Picante pizza slice and it was tasty.  Nothing to scream home to mama about but a nice spot with a good slice.  Bravo.i stumbled upon this pizzeria as it's directly across from the Barnes Foundation. The pizza was so scrumptious, che delizioso! I dug in to a prosciutto secco slice with gorgonzola and had enough energy to sustain my epic museum visit and the rest of my evening errands. The crust was thick and flavorful. I loved that they were playing late 90's hip-hop and I would definitely recommend it.This place rocks!  More figuratively than literal because as soon as I walked in, I was greeted by the sounds of really good hip hop music playing.  The vibe is laid back and the decoration is chic. There is seating outside and two types of seating inside: communal and counter top.  The counter has a small glass window so one can see the tattooed-artisans construct the pizzas.  With that in mind, we decided to take a seat at the counter.
A vegetarian would be right at home with the menu, because majority of the pizzas do not have meat as a topping.  If you are looking for a pepperoni pizza, you're out of luck here.  We decided to go with the Salsiccia, which consists of roasted fennel and fennel sausage.  I ordered a glass of red wine to go with my pizza.  As I sipped on my wine, I enjoyed watching the pizzas get made and shoved into roaring fire of the wood-burning oven. 
The pizza arrived looking delicious with the crust charred in a few places.  You can tell the toppings are sourced from top-notch ingredients.  The crust was thin and soft. I always have a soft spot for pizzas made in a wood-burning oven, and this pizza was no exception.  
All in all, I had a great pizza and a good experience.The waiting to be seated is a real bitch but if you can get passed that then you will have AMAZING pizza! I'm a pizza fan and I gotta tell you their prosciutto pie is superb! Pair that with one of Philly's renowned craft beer and you are golden! The service was great. We ended up sitting outside and although the view isn't terrific (parking garage) the company was great.I have eaten here 5 times. The pizza is just ok. I like it but it doesn't travel. At all! Quality ingredients but it's not like Italy, but what is? What you should order are the Salads. They may be the best in the city. They are inventive and unique. Great combos and they always have a seasonal special. It's always crowded and it's best to sit outside in season. I wish the pizza was better but.....Second visit and all my former downsides are no more!  The margherita and salsiccia pizzas were both outstanding.  I'd love to see a sausage with less fennel and more pepper, but that is just a personal preference.  And, they fixed the wine problem I had on my earlier visit.  They now have a very tasty red wine and the price has dropped to a very reasonable $8.50.
I'm looking forward to a lot more pizzas at PV!Nice pizza place with good pizza and great service. I am not a big pizza person and dont eat much pizza though, so my review might not mean much here haha. We got small pizzas of crudo, melanzana, and salsiccia. Crudo was good, though I am more of a fan of red pizza than white pizza, and the meat was a bit spare but delicious regardless. Salsiccia was great with a wonderful mix of (a good amount of) sausage and fennel. Melanzana was ordered by one of my friends who is a vegetarian. I didnt think it would be that good (and im not a big fan of eggplant), but it really impressed me; it might be even better than crudo and salsiccia.  
The portions were good and filling (one small pizza per person). However, the bread was quite thin, and i love thick dough, so that was a bit of a con.Awful! Typical Philly "hot spot" that appeals to hipsters and snobs that would rather have a "scene" than quality dining. We ordered several pizzas. They were thin with burnt crust and room temperature. Worst of all they were $15-16 a pop! Insane. I could stay in the suburbs and go to a mom & pop joint where real unpretentious folks go and get a pizza ten-times as good for half the cost!
Plastic chairs and little to no atmosphere. The service wasn't bad and that was the high point! I hate that places like this can actually be successful. A total half-assed effort catered to mindless hipsters and wannabes that think it's cool to do the Philly thing for a few years. Real Philly people know where to get Pizza and Vetri ain't it!One would think with Pizzeria Vetri being so close to home, I would visit more frequently. Unfortunately, that is not the case, and since my initial review and I've only been back twice. 
My first trip back was for my birthday and it was at least 6 months after my initial visit. I hyped the crap out of the place to my husband and probably set the bar way too high in my own head. As a result, I was a little disappointed. I had the Rotolo which was extraordinary but for whatever reason my Melanzana pizza fell a little flat to me personally. I ended up liking my husband's Salsiccia a little more.
This past Saturday night, my husband and I were looking for a causal but tasty date night so we decided to head back to Pizzeria Vetri. I took the restaurant off its pedestal and ended up having an exceptional dinner. Funny how that works, right? 
So of course we had to get the Rotolo. I can see why it won a 2014 Best of Philly award. It was light, doughy and pesto perfection. I would still enjoy it without the mortadella and ricotta but that adds an even more flavor. I could probably be a happy camper with a meal of 3-4 Rotolos.
I enjoyed the Salsiccia last time so decided to go for a repeat. It didn't disappoint. Pizzeria Vetri's Instagram page had also tantalized me with pictures of the special pizza of the day, so we had to give it a shot as well. It consisted of broccoli rabe stuffed porchetta, mozzarella, black pepper and pecorino cheese. The ingredients were basic enough for a gourmet pizza but together made for a really great taste. The combination of flavors was a little sharp but in a good way.
The service has been excellent for each of my three visits. Our servers have always been polite, professional and extremely polished. On our most recent visit the manager stopped by towards the end of our meal to see how we were doing. 
I don't love the communal style set-up. While dining out, I prefer the company of my own party. My husband and I have taken to liking to the counter seats that face the open kitchen. I personally found the pizza preparation to be extremely enjoyable to watch and for whatever reason oddly therapeutic and relaxing. 
Moral of my update: Pizzeria Vetri serves up some fabulous gourmet pizza but it isn't the best gourmet pizza in the world and certainly not the best atmosphere. Go in with a realistic expectation and I think you'll enjoy it just fine.We had a calzone and the margherita pizza.  Both were delicious with a thin light crust.  Service was excellent and incredibly fast.  It will definitely become a regular stop.Tiny restaurant with amazing food. Just portioned perfectly. Definitely worth the wait if there is one.Great food and great service! Can't wait to go again.
( Update to initial review. After leaving Philly we spent a few days in the Big Apple. The best pizza we had in New York was at Pizza Vetri in Philadelphia! )Met some old friends for lunch and the pizza was great! We split 5 pies and had more than enough food for everyone. 
We split a Margherita pizza, sausage Sicilian slice, Salsiccia and a Crudo. The only thing I would have liked is if the Margherita had more basil. Each pie was very good and cooked perfectly in their wood oven. 
They had a very nice selection of beer and inside was small but comfortable.Didn't even get to eat....  Waited 30 mins for a table. We were skipped and than offered to sit at the counter with a newborn baby.  Really?   They gave our table away twice but I'm supposed to be ok with that.   I'll stick to Jersey for pizza next timeI want to love this place, I really do. One the surface, the atmosphere is good, the ingredients seem top notch, and the pizza selections well chosen. But every pie I had has been to cold and floppy to really win me over."I thought it would be crispier." That's what she said! (It made the hubs laugh.)
It's a sort of mixed up pizza. Certainly not thin & crispy, but not spongy, like most American pizza. But also not Neapolitan, as is the style of the day. Whatever it was, however, worked for me. And their red sauce is really spot on. And get that roltolo with the pesto.
Buuut. .. ugh, the set up. So awkward. There is no where to wait where you won't feel in the way. You just stand there with your rapidly warming wine or beer. And don't get me started on bottled cocktails. I get the space issue (plus not paying a bartender, which I get but don't condone.) but the selection is never all that good. Combine that with such limited wine selections - stick with beer? I guess, if that's your thing. And I hate communal seating. Especially when there are so many children. 
I guess I forget that when chefs and their restaurants are spoken of in these exalted tones, that it's still just pizza. Kids like pizza. I think Vetri could have just found a larger space.Pizzeria Vetri is hidden off of busy Benjamin Franklin Parkway in an oasis of restaurants on Callowhill Street. The inside of the restaurant is pretty hip - high ceilings, pizza oven visible in all its glory, and playing sick tracks. I can totally see this being a place for people to stop in for a pizza snack. We ordered the crudo pizza for two. This was definitely the perfect size for an in-between meal for two or someone that isn't super hungry at dinner. The pizza was delicious. There was no shortage of prosciutto and the mozzarella was a perfect balance to it. I'm normally not a big fan of crust but this was also great.Food is ok as long as you are not a sauce fan. It's kind of a trendy chic type place. We requested a side of sauce and that got us through. My wife liked it better than me.Pizzeria Vetri is a welcome addition to Philadelphia's pizza scene and is a great lunch destination for those interested in grabbing a real high quality bite before or after a visit to the one of Parkway museums (it's only a stone's throw from the Barnes). 
I visited PV on the second day they were open which worried me a little because sometimes places need some time to get up to speed. Despite some harried chefs (don't have a heart attack, guys) ordering around the pizza makers now and then, everything else seemed to be working (and tasting) just fine. 
I was promptly greeted by the hostess and was escorted to a seat at the marble counter in front of the large wood burning pizza oven. This is the place to sit if you can swing it. Not only do you get to see all of the pies made right before your eyes, you also get to peek at some of the other pizzas on the menu so you will know what you want to try the next time (like the one with the different cheeses and the eggplant one). Other seating in the restaurant (which is pretty small and fills up quickly I might add) also includes a slightly smaller counter looking out onto the sidewalk and parking lot across the street as well as a few large tables with community style seating (a la Stella) in the center. It's very kid friendly and informal but very cramped when it gets crowded. Kids can (and did) spill stuff and there's no worry about making too much of a mess. And if you hate kids it's hard to hear them over the 80's rap music being blasted (think Village People and Salt 'N Pepa) in the background. Kind of strange atmosphere looking at pizzas, seeing big photos of Italy, looking at families with kids spilling all kinds of stuff and hearing "Aaaah, push it. Push it real good" in the background. Maybe a tactic to increase beer sales?
Anyway, my pleasant server quickly arrived and offered me either tap or sparking water. I chose the latter expecting Pellegrino or something like that, but PV has an in-house bubbler like Zavino so they can carbonate their own. 
The menu at PV is pretty straightforward. They offer about ten whole pizzas (each has six slices...good for one hungry person or two dieting people). They also have one daily special rectangular pizza sold by the big slice, calzones, rolled pizza dough with pistachio pesto, and a few salads.
Wanting to keep things simple, I opted for the Margherita pizza. It came out quickly and was top-notch. The crust was very thin (thinner than say Zavino and a lot like Pitruco). It was firm and not soggy (like Stella) nor did it taste like a salitine cracker (like Slice!). It was nicely charred in spots but not burned. The sauce was good, not very thick but not runny, as was the mozzarella and the fresh basil. I did notice that in the chaos that started to ensue behind the counter that one of the chefs mistakenly forgot to drizzle olive oil and did not sprinkle sea salt on my pie like the other Margherita ones being dished out, but it did not seem to affect the taste at all. It was clearly one of the two best (if not the best) Margheritas in Philly that I have downed.
I managed to save some room for dessert and tried the cookie jar, which is essentially eight small cookies in a small white paper bag. It included two good chocolate biscotti, two of the best pignoli cookies I have ever had (sorry Termini's), two confectioners sugar covered almond cookies, and two pistachio gnocchi. It was a nice ending to my lunch and not at all overwhelming. PV also has fried pizza dough with citrus fennel sugar and soft serve as well. 
My bill for lunch was $24 which was not bad. I was a little surprised that PV charges $5 for their sparkling water (it's free at Zavino), but I guess someone has to pay for the bubbler.(which is not cheap incidentally). 
All in all it was a great lunch and I am sure I will be rushing back in no time. The food was great. The service was excellent. Granted, near the end of the meal it was like having a front row seat in that Gordon Ramsey show on TV, but I am sure that things will calm down at PV and everything behind the counter will mirror the perfection being plated and served on the other side.The menu has Neopolitan pizza and not much else. Pizza is excellent. Had a Margherita, a Marinara, and the Crudo. Oh, and the fried pizza dough for dessert was good, too.How does ANY pizza place not serve a pepperoni pizza?  The pizzas they do serve are good, some more adventerous than others. Their salads are good too. But they don't serve the most popular pizza topping in America.Paid $14 for a 10 inch Margerita pizza that was cut into 6 pieces, 2 of which didn't have any cheese on them. None.  The sauce was good, but the pizza is absurdly overpriced. The size of the pizza would be the equivalent of 2 slices at a normal pizzaria. So it's like paying $14 for 2 slices of pizza.
Also got the $10 Caesar salad. Same issue. The only difference was that the salad was pedestrian, at best, and the pizza was actually pretty good.Really good pizza, nice staff. Prices ok. Salads are a little small and expensive for what they are. But can't go wrong with the pizza. Some of better pizza in area, not too big, thin, well seasoned and flavorful.
Casual place with quasi communal seating, but is very manageable. Can be crowded at peak times. Worth checking out! EnjoyFood was great. We split 2 pies and 2 deserts. The place had a nice casual vibe. It's really nicely laid out. Plan on going again.This was an excellent find.  The pizza was amazing and the salads outstanding.  Fresh fresh fresh. Service great.  Wish we lived nearby would go all the time.So good! Been to Pizzeria Vetri twice so far since it's opening. Both times, i've been wowed. This is the closest to real italian pizza as you're going to get statewide. Nice charred crust, loaded with fresh, tasty toppings.
Drinks wise, make sure to get an Aperol Spritz. Aperol and Prosecco, what could be bad right? The wine is OK. I'd honestly prefer a better selection, knowing what Vetri serves at his other establishments, but I understand the point of keeping this place as a in and out Pizzeria. Seems like their focus is more on craft beers, similar to Alla Spina. 
First of all, you must start with a rotolo. Those things are insane! Little bundle of joy filled with mortadella, topped with pistachios. I could eat those as my meal alone. Their pizza specials are usually the best way to go. The most recent time we went we had a pizza with fresh peaches on it that was to die for. 
Make sure you save room for dessert though, because they are phenomenal. You'll have a tough time deciding which one to get, trust me ! (we usually end up ordering them all, and taking them home since we're just too stuffed). The Nutella pizza is awesome! (that basically speaks for itself, its Nutella pizza, people) The Affogato is a must. Espresso with a nice helping of Soft Serve Ice Cream. The Fried Pizza Dough is what gets me every time. Its got citrus fennel sugar on every single bite. MMmmmmm.
I see everyone's saying that Stephen Starr's pizza place is better than this place. I've never been to Stella, but honestly, I don't think I need to. Pizzeria Vetri is hands down the best in my eyes. Definitely give it a try !Great pizza! Love the atmosphere here too. It'll be tough but make sure you leave some room for the soft serve as dessert.WOW! Let me just start off by saying this place is packed or maybe it was just packed the Monday evening I was there. My husband and I were craving yummy pizza so we came across Pizzeria Vetri and decided to try it out. We had a choice of either waiting 30 minutes for a table that would basically be shared with other people or eating at the pizza bar right away. I didn't mind watching the food get made. It was pretty cool in fact! We were offered sparkling or "normal" water and we chose the latter. 
My husband and I couldn't find a pizza we both desired so we ordered two separate ones: the crudo and the salsiccia. We also ordered a Rotolo because every other table seemed to be ordering one and it looked delicious. To be honest, I think the Rotolo was my favorite perhaps because it was the first time I tried it. 
Now back on topic, the pizza's were edible. Were they delicious? Eh. My husband and I don't exactly like vegetables. We never crave vegetables to be exact. However, while eating the pizza's here, we were both wishing we ordered a salad. I'm not sure how to explain it but the food wasn't exactly greasy but it felt that way. I wish they offered some pizza's that had meat and vegetables on them. For example, a Prosciutto pizza with spinach and cherry tomatoes. Now that sounds delicious! 
The service was A-OK mostly due to being busy. We needed napkins but never got them. We also waited about five minutes for the check to come. The whole experience felt rushed because the restaurant was packed and busy. 
All in All, I don't think I will be going back as I didn't enjoy the experience or find the food worth $60 dollars.Great, inventive pizza.  Ordered the special which was fava beans, spring onion, mozzarella, and black pepper pecorina.  It was fantastic.  Our table also had the Salsiccia, which was equally good.  My kids ordered the Nutella pizza and were really excited by this option.  They enjoyed their order as well.  The only downside is they do not take reservations, so getting in with a party of seven for lunch proved challenging.  We ended up waiting about 40 minutes, but I am okay with that as I really wanted to try this out.  The service wasn't the best, but it wasn't horrible either.  All in all a good experience but with the burgeoning restaurant scene in Philly, I am not sure I would put this on my have to go back to list.While in the city trued something​new glad I did got the sasauge Stromboli way to much for one person .Great taste placed filled up at lunch time glad I walked inAbsolutely fantastic! Must haves - pesto rotolos, quattro formaggi, and pepperonis!I was unexpectedly surprised with how much I liked this place. I came here for a late dinner, just wanting something small and light since I've been eating all day. It's a pretty small and cozy place, with a few tables outside. All the tables were taken, but we were able to sit at the high tops where they made the pizzas. Best seats in the house!
They were super efficient in making the pizzas. All the ingredients looked fresh and plentiful on the pizzas themselves. The pies coming out of their wood burning oven looked amazing. I enjoyed watching them make them through the night. Looking at that, as well as the menu, I didn't want anything small anymore but wanted to try a little bit of everything.
Got the Italian Cesar salad- anchovies topped the salad so it had that saltiness in each and every bite. The pizza dough as the croutons were warm and doughy.
While waiting for our pizza, they had an extra calzone and hooked it up for free. Thanks!
Got the pepperoni and crudo pies. I love the crust of these pizzas- perfectly charred from the oven. The pepperoni was crunchy and not oily. It was like eating tiny pepperoni chips! For the crudo pie, The prosciutto was great with the buffalo mozzarella and every bite was salty and creamy. 
Even though we were full, we wanted to try the nutella pie for dessert. So glad I did! The pie was again perfectly charred and the nutella and marshmallow was perfectly melted. I just wish I had milk to wash it all down.
Overall a great experience. The hip hop music playing in the background topped it all off. It wasn't too loud that you could still hear yourself carry a conversation. Will def go back next time I'm in the area.I popped in here with some coworkers for lunch the other day to see if all the buzz I've heard about the place was true. It's pretty small inside but we were able to grab the end of a joint table. We had to wait a good 10-15 minutes to place our order but the food came quickly. I shared the crudo pizza and a slice of the Pizza al taglio with one of my coworkers and it was AMAZING! The prosciutto melted in my mouth and the mixture of  mozzarella and parmigiano cheeses was divine. I think it's a bit pricey but totally worth it. I can't wait to return and try the Margherita pizza!Can't rave enough about this place.  Friendly staff, great food and awesome ambiance.  A definite must visit!!Awesome, awesome, awesome! Definitely the best pizza I've had in Philly. And I've tried alot. 
My boyfriend had the "Rotoli" and apparently it was the best tasting thing in the world! It had Mortadella cheese and prosciutto on the inside and topped with Postacchio Pesto! Light and yummy. He also had the calazone which was amazing!
I had the Margarhita pizza- super fresh, cooked just right! And I tried the Rosemary Lemonade which I highly recommend. So refreshing. 
Great restaurant and perfect for sitting outside on a nice day!Pizzeria Vetri is the place you go when you want to hit a re-creation of the typical bustling corner pizza shop from Marc Vetri's old stomping grounds in Italy.
You wouldn't make a reservation at a pizza by the slices place, so why would you make a reservation here?
it has an open kitchen - and I mean open: you can watch the dishwasher while you wait for the restroom if you want.
My wife and I sat at the bar. We don't usually sit at the bar but we should do so more often: it's meditative.
This place is the answer to your lamentation, "I wish those corner pizza shops made great no-frills pizza with the right stuff from the market. I could buy that stuff at market and make the pizza myself, but tonight I'd prefer it cooked in an oven from Italy by guys who make pizza all day in a method Vetri taught them."
Prices are reasonable for the concept - splitting a salad, two pizzas, a beer, and tip will set you back around 50-60 bucks. I didn't say pizza by the slice place prices! But let's face it, you'd pay the same amount at Pizzeria Vetri as you would at a place like Pietro's, but here you'll get the better pizza.
music: Grandmaster Flash, Run DMC, Naughy by Nature, stuff like that.Pizzeria Vetri is becoming a regular indulgence for me.  I've been for both lunch and dinner and I love what they've got going on in this little space.
The first thing that caught my eye was the sweet ass pizza oven (Renato?) positioned directly in the center of the place.  As I learned from one of their managers, it's the only heat source they have in the restaurant so all of their cooking is done in it.  They have several tables but for me, the real action is sitting at the pizza counter and watching the line do its thing.
Individual bins with dates are stacked on the left indicating which day the dough was made.  The guys working the line pull out a dough ball and begin shaping it.  Next, the stretched dough gets one set of a myriad of toppings (fresh sauce, prosciutto, aged cheese, tuna (yes they have a tonno pie) and then is whisked away into that oven.
Seven (7) or so minutes later, the pie gets kissed to the top of the oven and comes out piping hot with crispy bubbled edges.  Usually, the pies get a finishing of some sort (fresh herbs, some spice or a sprinkling of an aged cheese) before it's handed off to you.
The only rub of this place is getting a seat during popular times.  There are many great places to get a pie in Philadelphia (of similar quality) but none walkable from this location.  They've pretty much setup an outpost and it's working well for them.
At lunch, they have a pizza al taglio (by the slice) which means it's baked in a large rectangle and cut off for individual consumption.  I had one with roasted pears and holy hell was it delicious.
So, if you like delicious pizza and a soundtrack based on a Das Efx pandora station, this is the place for you.  Oh and make sure to leave room for the fried pizza dough.  You can thank me later.I am a regular of Vetri Pizzeria and it is the only place we go for pizza in Philadelphia.  I was very disappointed in the service tonight and all of my colleagues from out of town got the whole "Philly attitude" throughout the whole dinner service.  Very disappointing from a service perspective and they must of moved all the good servers to the Rittenhouse location.  No wonder they were not busy tonight.  The food was excellent especially the special dish they created.  Updated items but when i asked about what we ordered totally defensive attitude.  We placed several orders and they were not served as requested, when asked the server had a defensive attitude and did not care to provide good customer service. i hope they move the staff around but i can't see them fitting into the Rittenhouse culture.  I really hope it changes since this is our go to for pizza but i will not put up with being treated like i was tonight.Stopped in Pizzeria Vetri late on Sunday night. Found parking easy on the street. The place is in a very nice store front and is simple, hip and clean. They have some outdoor seating, but we chose indoors.The waitress service was very good. They have a nice selection of rotating beers.  We ordered the following:
Quattro formaggi pizza - gorgonzola, mozzarella, smoked provolone, fontina
Salsiccia - fennel sausage, roasted fennel, tomato sauce, mozzarella
Arugula salad- coal roasted potatoes, pesto, taggiasca olives
The pizza was great, probably the best I have had in awhile. The crust is light and fluffy with just a touch of wood fried burn. The toppings are just right and tasted very fresh and were not oily.  I really liked Pizzeria Vetri and I will be back to try some other menu items and desserts.The pizzsa here is sublime. Order the margherita and experience bliss. It is a little pricey for me so sadly I cannot go frequently but you are getting a high quality product for the price. I took my kids during pope week and my 12 year old boy declared it the greatest pizza he had ever eaten. Funny story, a few days later we were at Lo Spiedo eating some wings and my sond said he has not tasted food this good since we had that pizza last week. He did not know they were both Vetri places. When I told him he was not surprisedTook my parents here for a nice casual dinner in Philly. They, as well as myself, loved it. Pizza is made fresh right in front of you and it tastes that way. The pepperoni was fantastic. The prosciutto was great. And don't skip one of the fresh salads. The dressing was just the right amount. Washed this all down with a pale ale from their nice sized beer selection.I completely understand that a first night is going to be challenging, especially in light of how excited the neighborhood was for Pizzeria Vetri to open, but customer service is an area where you just can't miss. My girlfriend and I showed up Friday night, put our names in and gave our number to the host to be texted in roughly 50 minutes. No problem...unless of course that system breaks down!  I never want to be "that person" to constantly bother a host about how much longer to wait, but after 50 minutes I politely asked how much longer. We were told we were 2 down the list and it would be maybe 5 or 10 minutes longer. After 30 more minutes and noticing several people being seated that showed up well after us I once again politely asked where we stood in line. She looked at the ipad and told me, "I texted you 20 minutes ago, you never replied." We were standing at the bar about 15 feet from her for about 45 minutes of the wait and never got a text. How do you not pay attention to that detail? We were seated, but I could not get over what happened. Not only did the text message not come through, but we felt like there was no accountability and the host made it feel like it was our fault! We left before ordering because I didn't feel they deserved my money that night. I will most likely try again and from what I've seen and read, this is going to be a great addition to the neighborhood. It's just a shame that our experience was so bad after looking forward to the night so much. In my opinion, this restaurant could learn a lot about customer service by witnessing how Calaca Feliz runs their amazing restaurant.Not much to say other than its the BEST. PIZZA. YOU. WILL. EVER. HAVE. That brick oven sends it over the top! Awesome music selection too!While in town and reading all the good reviews we decided to try this place out. We stopped in around lunch time, it was not busy so we were able to sit at the pizza bar and watch them cook. Now just to forwarn anyone we are not big fans of Neapolitan pizza just because it's hard to find a place that really knows how to cook it. It's always very burned and very soft amd wet in the middle. The staff was great, very friendly and the menu had great meat and veggie options. 
Today we started with their meatball and rotolo (pizza dough, mortadella, ricotta and pistachio pesto) appetizer. The meatballs were very tender, had great flavor and the sauce had great flavor. The rotolo was a nice treat it had a crispy exterior, soft interior filled with tasty mortadella and creamy ricotta and the pistachio pesto was a nice compliment. Next we tried their shaved cauliflower salad. The greens were fresh it just a bit to tart of a dressing maybe to much vinegar. Next we tried their Tonno Pizza (Sicilian tuna, onion, mozzarella and parmigiano). The toppings were very tasty, the dough had great chew and texture and the sauce was sweet and tangy. Next we tried their Pastinaca Pizza (roasted parsnip, charred brussel sprouts, brown butter parsnip sauce, mozz, parm and lemon zest. The flavor combination was outstanding very different but a great veggie option. While the dough had great flavor and texture it was very burned and very soggy in the middle. 
I would have to say if your a fan of Neapolitan pizza this would be a great place to check out. The menu is very nice and plenty of options for everyone.Great quality apps, salads, and pizzas at a relatively affordable price. It's nice Vetri didn't raises his price point by a few dollars, something he could easily get away with. For the quality, $14 for their Margherita is well worth it. The dough is pilloughy with a slight char, the cheese and toppings are of as expected amazing quality, but for me, their sauce is hands down the best part of the pizza, and the best pizza sauce I have had in Philadelphia. Only place (for me), that comes close is In Riva, in East Falls. Additionally, they have a great rotating beer menu, prompt service, and a nice decor. I just wish they had more space as lunch can be difficult, and though not their fault, the sidewalk outside is severely sloped, making outdoor dining a bit awkward (I know, really reaching to find a negative).I wish I could give this four stars. I loved the food, the pizzas were charred and crusty, the cheese gooey and delicious, and even the tap list was half decent. The rotolo was to die for, almost too decadent. And the fried pizza dough for dessert? Da bomb. Great location, great vibe, even great option to donate to a good foundation at the end of the meal.
But the service was, in a word, indifferent. A few others: inattentive, idle, isolated.  Couldn't get the servers' attention to order more food or drinks.Might be two stars if that rotolo wasn't so darn good.
I was frustrated, but some spots have their off nights. I'll be back for a re-review in time.We'll I'm not a really big fan of fancy pizza like this. I got a pizza with no cheese and one with only cheese. I really wished I got one with both . We sat right in front of the oven watching them cook.  I don't think they enjoy people watching them, I wouldn't. Our waiter was really slow and when he  went to get a box for the rest of our pizza took forever and when we saw him he had to ask him for it. I guess he forgot about it. Then we ordered dessert which was the Nutella pizza. It tasted like Nutella and toast which wasn't very exciting but what else is there to expect. It's also supposed to have marshmallows on it but it barely had any. Overall I left unsatisfied.Good pizza, but what's with burning it all the time? It is a shame. It would taste so much better if you didn't burn it.Pizzeria Vetri was so delicious! My daughter and I have been wanting to try for a while, but since they do not take reservations and we live outside of the city it's be tough. The hostess was very nice and welcoming, as was our waitress Madalyn. She was great with any questions we had and was super friendly, even giving us a complementary dessert. The ambiance of the restaurant was pretty casual, but comforting and lively with the music and wrap around bar in front of the pizza oven.
As for our pizza order, we started off with the Melanzana pizza, which was amazing. The thin crust with tomato, eggplant, and stracciatella was a perfect combination! The pizzas are probably a little larger than your average personal pizza, but cuts into 6 slices. We could have stopped there, but we had to try another pie. We went on to have the Salsiccia pizza, which had fennel sausage, roasted fennel, tomato, and mozzarella. If you are looking for something other than your typical Margherita, both are sure to satisfy. 
I would definitely recommend Pizzeria Vetri!This place is alright.  They make nice fresh pizzas with some tasty toppings.  I wasn't a fan of needing to walk through the kitchen to get to the restroom.  They also do shared tables inside, just an fyi.  The pizza was good, but I've had just as good pizza elsewhere.  The pizza of the day (if it was to your taste) seemed like a good deal if you needed a quick dinner. Considering the name on the door, I think I just expected a little more that would make it stand out.Wow!
We are spoiled (from NYC), and this is very good place for pizza.
Also other dishes like salads are really good.
Definitely go.Gourmet pizza, fresh ingredients, friendly polite service. Tight quarters for seating. Our second visit, and we'll be back again.Besides for the classic cheese slice at Lorenzo's, Pizzeria Vetri would probably be my go-to pizza spot in Philly. I often crave pizza and after coming here a few times, I could probably eat here once a week, it's that good (and conveniently located next to my favorite taco spot!). 
Every night of the week is pretty busy, but the later you come, the easier it would probably be to get a seat. My friends and I came most recently on a Tuesday night around 9 and sat at the pizza counter. Beware that while sitting here you see EVERY pizza being made and will probably want ever single thing you see. 
Between 4 people, we shared a cesar salad (AMAZING, but we prob should've gotten more than 1), 3 pizzas, and dessert. For the pizzas we had the Crudo, the special of the day (duck and jam), and the Salcissia. They were all delicious and unique in their own way, but I just love the Crudo so much. I'm not a huge fan of red sauce though, so maybe I'm biased. For dessert, please do not pass up the fried dough. It's served with chocolate sauce or nutella. Might as well get a soft serve too. It's all just so good!!!
Vetri never fails!If you pass this place up, your crazy! Myself, wife and 2 lil ones had a great meal tonight. The food was out of this world. We had one margarita pie, one 4 cheese, one meat slice, an order of pizza dough and Nutella, and a cappuccino. Great food, great service, and a great experience. Well done guys, we'll be back! Thank you.Well the name calls for lot of attention Vetri, one of the pioneers of Philadelphia food culture, but sorry to say that this is just like any ordinary pizza joint. Don't mistake me, the food us amazing, but then very typical of any pizza place and that's why the 3 starts, nothing extraordinary "Vetru" standard, but the I guess every restaurant by this chef cannot be a top class. This is more like for the masses, though the price is slightly on the higher side..... I would say give it a shot, just for hmmmm curiosity, or to try anything from Vetri or just to sample the new food culture. Definitely give it a try for once but then that's about it, no second or repeat chances!!!!
The Calzone is huge and to be shared, but if you are nota. Big fan of too much meat, them give it a skip and a little bland since we had ours with extra red pepper flakes and still found it not so spicy.
The pizza al taglio was the star with amazing crust n broccoli rave, once again a little bland so keep the red pepper handy.
We also tried the Rotolo - pizza dough, mortadella, ricotta, pistacchio pesto, which was good but heavy on the doughy part, so not that amazing.
Like I said earlier okay for one try that is only if you have yet to come across a great pizza place and are still searching for that perfect pizza.
Regular pizza that is just slightly heavy on your wallet!!!Arugula salad was great, pizzas were ok, calzone was a big positive surprise. Ambiance is nothing special at all. Fairly expensive for what you get. Service was professional. Bottom line: Pietro's is better.No reservation nor call ahead sitting. We came here with a party of 4 for lunch on a Sunday. The hostess takes our name and cell number and texted us 20 minutes later.
We ordered Margherita pizza, Renato pizza (white pizza) and Cruto pizza.My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our early dinner at Pizzeria Vetri this past Saturday night.  We sat at the counter, watching the staff make the pizzas and chatting with the couple seated next to us.  We split the Caesar salad (perfect) while I had the "Brooklyn" cocktail and she had a beer. We then had a slice of both offerings of the daily "al taglio" and split the Salsiccia pizza (all three were delicious).  We finished with the cookie jar and soft serve ice cream with cappuccinos.  There's no doubt we'll be back multiple times.Came here early on a Friday night; it was not too crowded.  If you sit inside, the tables are communal so you may be tight on elbow room.  There are also counters.  We ordered the melanzana pizza and the italian caesar salad. The pizza was soggy. When you lifted a slice off by the crust (as you normally would when eating pizza) all the toppings slide off.  It was disappointing.  The flavors were good; but the sogginess of the pie made me wonder how come this place has gotten such rave reviews.  I looked around and the other diners appeared to have non-soggy pizza.  They were actually holding the crust and biting into the pizza, whereas we were scooping our toppings off the plate.  So perhaps it is just this style of pizza that needs help.  I don't know.  I suspect that the pizza was made beforehand; dough rolled out too thin.  The soggy part of the pizza was also cold.  I'm definitely not coming back and actually would have given this place 1 star, but the waiter was nice and when we mentioned they could improve their soggy pizza they offered us a complimentary soft serve.  That was delicious, but not enough to change my mind about coming back for the pizza.  Also, there were egg shells in our salad.  So overall I question the quality of the food here.There are really two kinds of pizza places in the United States. There are ones that are made or modeled after Italian-Americans and there are ones that are made or modeled after Italians. 
This is the latter. The kind of place where you get a pizza built like a perfume. Faint but rewarding. The antithesis of this is the barrel-chested Chicago deep dish. You might leave Vetri a little hungry (though doesn't everyone's Italian grandmother say you should always leave the table a little hungry?) but you will be satisfied. 
The beer/wine list is good, though a bit expensive (but I'm noticing that's a trend in Philly. I was spoiled by Chicago I suppose...)
I recommend finishing the meal with an affogato, the greatest of all Italian deserts. Well..maybe.So fresh and so good! Crusts are not super heavy and doughy and the dough is pretty thin on the pizza part. Would definitely come back for more. Esp to try the dessert! It's not cheap but the food is fresh and yummy. There are communal tables toothis place is great .. pizzas are very very good!   service is excellent. Michael gave us an awesome service!.!.  and the rest of the staff very friendly.I've been enjoying this pizza place since it opened but based on my recent experiences, the quality and taste has dramatically declined. Truly disappointed and being that it is so expensive, it's definitely not worth the price.My friend and I stopped by on a decent Friday night. The place was full and surprisingly our wait was only 10 minutes. Our server greeted us immediately with a smile! We started with Rotolo and Arugula Salad. Both had unique ingredients with diverse textures which worked well. Our main dish was the Melanzana pizza (our server's favorite). I really enjoyed the eggplant and the pizza as a whole! Speaking of pizza... we ended our meal with Nutella Pizza. I have had Nutella pizza before, but this one was crispy and had marshmallow fluff! We even got a complimentary bowl of ice cream! 
I must say, I do not recommend this restaurant for a first date since you will be close to your neighbors. I would come back here to try other pizzas and check out their great beer menu! Service was on point.I found the pizza dough to be chewy and lacking flavor . The pizza was average and easily forgettable. Woodburning oven pumped me up but didnt enhance the pizza .Kale Salad was lacking big time. Sounded great on the menu and didn't translate to taste at all. All you tasted was the kale and nothing else . Small offering for overpriced below average food. It's all the rave on Yelp and really wasn't worth the trip.This place was great.  We went early, and put our names in.  The restaurant is small, and seating is limited.  There are plenty of bars nearby to enjoy the wait.  The tables are mostly communal, which can be a lot of fun or...
The food was amazing, and great for sharing.  The caesar salad was very tasty.  Then we had the rotolo, which was probably a bit overhyped, but still good.  Then we ate two pizzas: the crudo and the margherita.  Both were tasty with a really amazing crust.  
Also, the beer selection was pretty good, and offered some unusual stuff.The pizza is amazing. The seating is shared so there are two large tables and you fill in as seats become available.  There is high top seating a long the walls.  Our group sat at one of the long shared tables and we were often over looked by our waitress. We had to ask for many things more than once like silverware, water, etc... When the check came that was to be split she charged one person the full bill and the other half the bill which didn't get corrected for a few days. The food is great and the pizza comes out fast. Maybe bring cash instead of cards when splitting the bill.Two words: food poisoning.
After a long day traveling to Philadelphia with little else to eat, I was excited to get some food and ordered the slice of the day, a caesar salad and a beer.
The next twelve hours were filled with gut wrenching pain as I laid on the floor of the hotel bathroom attempting to expel the vile refuse from my system.
The "cookie jar" dessert I ordered to-go still sits on the counter, untouched and mocking me. I think it's best to throw it out.
I certainly found one place I will never return to on my travels to Philly.After much anticipation, I can finally check this one off my list.  Pizzeria Vetri was the Friday night destination for myself & three friends, for a low-key birthday celebration.  
Communal tables, and not too many at that.  Normally I hate communal tables, but this wasn't terrible - at least there are chairs instead of communal benches. A few places to sit around the "kitchen" (aka pizza oven).  A few outdoor tables as well, with heaters so they can still be utilized in the chilly autumn. No rezzies, so unless you come before 6, be prepared for a short wait.  And no great place to wait inside - we grabbed a drink from the bar (a small counter right as you walk in) and hugged the far wall where there's a small ledge, presumably for drinks, though if you stand in front of it like a bar, the people at the nearest table can't get out.
They have a pretty extensive beer list, including my favorite beer-in-cider-clothing, Anthem Hops Cider. (For those who don't know it - if you aren't a beer person but hate the sickly sweetness that too often ruins cider, Anthem Hops should be your new jam).  Unfortunately it's like $8.50, but it's so good.  A couple of wines and bottled or canned cocktails, but beer is definitely where they put their resources.
The gluten-freebie in our group got the wood oven salad and absolutely loved it - and it certainly looked delicious.  The other three of us split the arugula salad (a must-get), the Renato pizza (excellent) and the Salsiccia pizza (meh - it was fine, just didn't blow me away like the other stuff we had). As my one self-proclaimed pizza-connoisseur friend noted, their leoparding of the crust edges is perfect; but I agree with another yelper who thought the crust was soggy.  Doesn't kill the experience for me, just something to note.
Dessert was the fried dough (stop thinking about the negative nutritional value and just order it - hot, light, chewy, almost churro-like in taste, so delicious), and the cookie jar, which was sort of disappointing because all of the cookies are traditional Italian, as you would expect, but none of them were sweet and cookie-like in the way we uncouth Americans prefer.  
Best part of the whole meal: limoncello!  Order it. Sip it. Savor every moment.
Something around $80 including tip for everything for 4 people - not too shabby.  Will certainly be back for, if nothing else, more limoncello.Had both the Marghetita and the Crudo pizza.  Both very tasty.  I'll be back again to try some of the others on the menu.
Make sure to get here early, not many seats and they will up quickly! Also - not much waiting space inside, so bundle up if you have to wait!Thiis some of the best pizza around. Perfect, delicate crust and tangy sauce - worth the gourmet price, imo. The only reason I give it four rather than five stars is they should have more piza topping options such as peppers.Reading some of the reviews for P-Vetri reminds me why I despise Yelp reviewers so much (myself included).  "5-star food, 5-star service, 4-star music (bad, loud rap), so I'll give this a 4 star"?  "Floppy pies"? It's neapolitan for goodness sake. 
The dough, sauce and mozz on the margarita were exquisite and worth every single penny.  Here's a thought, go to see some Modigliani @ the Barnes and mosey over to this gem for some al fresco delights.Ordered for delivery via Caviar.  We live about 15 minutes away from the restaurant.  Ordered two pizzas.  One came ice cold (not even lukewarm) and the other had stuff on it that we did not order and was not part of the description.  We called the restaurant and were told to deal with Caviar directly.  Caviar ended up refunding our money (nearly $60).  Overall, I was disappointed as Vetri is often praised as being one of the best pizzerias in Philly.  This was my first time ordering from Vetri and I was not impressed.  I realize living 15 minutes away from the pizzeria may result in the pizza not being piping hot when delivered, but mine was ice cold, no exaggeration.My favorite pizza in the city. Sitting at the counter watching them create the magic is awesome. The two pizzas I always order because they are unbelievably delicious are the margarita pizza and the crudo. My mouth is watering just thinking about it.Way foo tight quarters and overcrowded - although the service was good considering the crowded conditions but the much vaunted "Pizza Margherita" did not live up to what I'm accustomed to in a Margherita - after living in Napoli for a number of years maybe I expected too much but I was disappointed with this pizza.  As noted, the service was fine and the Arugula salad was very good but........cannot possibly give more than three stars because of the less than outstanding pizza and the very crowded space.I ran into two friends who were on their way to Pizzeria Vetri and I tagged along. It was a short walk from the hotel. It was a warm  spring day and the outside seating was full so we took seats inside.  The wood fired oven was in the rear center of the room. The server arrive quickly, dropping off menus and taking our drink orders. A nice selection of beer and wine is available as well as cocktails. 
We each ordered a small pizza.  I opted for a Margherita while my friends got a pepperoni and a sausage. The pizzas came out in minutes. Thin Neapolitan pizza. Crispy, crunchy with a few charred spots on the risen crust. Excellent pizza with plenty of toppings. If I lived here I'd be a regular.Pizza was good, but having just come from NYC and Boston I have to give this place 3 stars instead of 4. We ordered the 'crudo' and 'margherita' pizzas which were both good, but the crudo had a bit more to it :) . The crust was a bit thick, but I wouldn't mind going back for  seconds. The desserts smelled good, nutella and marshmellows in pizza dough I believe, but didn't get a chance to sample it ourselves!Decided to try last minute before catching a movie downtown, and SO glad we found this place. 
We ordered two pizzas; the Crudo, and a one of the specials. We also got a Caesar salad which was large enough to split between two people. 
A con for some, may be the seating arrangement.  It was "family" style seating ... we grabbed seats at a packed table that had an end and side seat open.  Not sure it's the type of set up I'd like to go for a first date to have initial conversations but worked well for us.  
Also, a nice craft beer selection but other than that it's limited. 
The pizza really is amazing, would recommend to anyone I know.Decidedly underwhelming, but still good.
Here are the facts:
1. Communal seating only.
2. Two kinds of wine: "house" red and white. Outrageously priced at $8.50/glass.
3. If you're not into meat on your pizza, you don't have that many veggie options. It's Margherita, or eggplant, or lots of cheese. There ain't nothin' green round these parts.
4. If you like meat on your pie, there's no pepperoni, or soppresata. Sausage or prosciutto only. 
Flavors are standard. Quality cheese, sauce and crust. Service is fine. I wouldn't rush back...from Vetri, I expected better.Stopped last week after Zoo visit. around 2pm
Ordered the Melanzana (san marzano tomatoes, eggplant, stracciatella cheese, oregano)
 and one of the day's slices that had a mildly spicy dry cured sausage slices on it.
and the cookie jar dessert.
Food  Highlights: sausage portion of the slice and the crust of the Melanzana.  If in the area would go again but try the Salsiccia...
Waitresses were exceedingly friendly and accommodating even with our tired 16mo.Average woodfired pizza. The inside is congested and made me feel like i was in a cafeteria. Average service. There are better wood fired pizza options in the areaCrunchy and tasty pizza. I hope that next time you'll add more choices for the apetizerts. A chill Peroni is what you have to drink. Service good but could be better.We had the margerita.  Light and crispy crust, light marinara sauce, not overbearing at all, perfect amount of cheese.  A perfect lunch before a stroll around the park.  Excellent service, outstanding pizza and great prices.I just want to say that I had been dying to try Pizzeria Vetri, one of the only restaurants in the fairmount/ callowhill area that we had yet to try. 
Yikes. Only time we've ever tipped 10% on a dinner because the service was SO BAD it didn't even deserve 10%. 
We called in on a Friday night around 8 p.m. and the girl that picked up the phone said that they could take our reservation and it would be an hour so she transferred me to this guy and hes like absolutely not you have to be here to put your name in...So right there is a lapse in restaurant direction. So we went to PV and they were like yeah it will be an hour so go to a bar or something and come back. We wanted to grab wine for the dinner anyways so went to the bar at whole foods and ordered 2 beers and i get a text immediately that our table is ready and that it would be only held for 10 minutes. I called asking since we were told it would be an hour and to go to a bar, that it could be held for around a half hour. He said no and that there was a large group behind us waiting for seating. We chugged our beers and ran to PV where we were shown two bar seats, so clearly not the seating needed for a large group that we had to rush to get back. 
We ordered appetizers (salad and meatballs) and one of the pizzas, and we were disappointed to see it all come out at once, not only did we feel rushed and didn't have any room at the bar top (the pizza was literally in front of the woman next to us at the bar, so I'm sure she was annoyed) but the pizza ended up getting cold by the time we finished our apps. The salad and meatballs were very good, and pizza would have been good if it wasn't so cold. Just a note that the couple to my right also asked for their pizza to be warmed up. 
While we were eating cold pizza and our water carafe was empty, and we tried looking for our waiter when we saw him in his jacket with his bag exiting for the night. No introduction to the individual that was going be taking over our service for the rest of the night. We sat there for the better part of a half hour just trying to find someone to pay attention to us to order dessert. Keep in mind, it is about 10 p.m. and there were only about 4 tables still at the restaurant eating! My boyfriend ended up having to wave his hands to flag a waiter down. The waiter said "you guys aren't getting enough love aren't you?" Um...rude? but you're right, we were not. We ordered cannolis (still didn't get our water) and by this point, we were waiting and waiting for someone to bring us our check. My boyfriend had to go up to the counter to have someone give us our check because we were just so annoyed with trying to flag someone down. 
Really just want to note that this was an unpleasurable experience, not to vent via yelp, but this should be a lesson as to why restaurants don't have customers return.I live right behind pizzeria vetri and was really excited about it opening in such a convenient location. Unfortunately, I have to give one star for quality and customer service. I've dined here a few times and have thought the pizza was just under mediocre and way too pricey for what you get which is burnt flatbread pizza with little to no toppings. If you want something similar that is way better quality, go to Stella's...Steven Starr's gourmet pizzeria.
Although I'm giving this is a negative rating and have mentioned I've dined here a few times, I wanted to give them a couple chances to see if anything improved given it's a fairly new restaurant. My last time eating here was last night getting take out and coming home to an almost inedible pizza completely burnt on the bottom...and cold. Meanwhile I live 2.2 seconds away behind the establishment. Too tired and hungry to go back and complain the same night, I went back today with pics of my half eaten burnt pizza. The manager/hostess (not sure what her position was) is extremely unfriendly and clearly doesn't care that a customer was dissatisfied with their $14 pizza. She looked at me like I had two heads, rolled her eyes and told me this is how their pizza is...sorry. No offer to refund me even after I said I wouldn't be dining there ever again. Great customer service Vetri!! I'll make sure to tell all my neighbors in my apt building and friends/family not to dine with you. 
Anyone looking for great quality pizza and good customer service, go to Stella's or Zavino! :-)Good pizza and salad.  Ridiculously small portions for the price.  Great hip hop music.  Free fizzy water.  Good waitstaff.  Free table side entertainment: the crazy Philadelphians who are sharing the table with you.Great pizza (we chose Crudo thanks to a Yelp review and it was awesome!), nice selection of craft beers on tap (I went with a local Philly beer) and good wine. We told our waitress we were just visiting for a couple of days and they took tremendous care of us- gave us an extra Crudo pizza (much better than it sounds!) that they had cooked in error, a soft ice cream for our daughter and a bag of yummy cookies to take back to the hotel all gratis. We sat at the counter and chatted with the guys making pizza. Super food, service and just nice people!i've tried this place twice when i was interning in the area. the first week i started and then on my last day. the department i was working with is so damn awesome and the director treated us! 
i've had the margherita, renato, melanzana
and salsiccia pizzas. extremely thin crusts...crunchy and chewy at the same time. so delicious. i've also had the wood oven salad. also delicious. they also have specialty pizzas that change every once in awhile. 
great beer selections. they even have their own little cocktails bottled up to serve. super cute and i've heard that they're really good. when i'm in the area, i'd def stop by again.One of the best pizzas I have ate. The staff was very friendly and it was really awesome being able to see the chefs make your food right in front of you.One of the best pizzas i have ever had. Went here mid week mid day and sat at the pizza bar. The pizza is not cheap $32 for a large with pepperoni, but again it was great pizza. Thin lite crust with great flavor and char. Good draft beer list with a large list of bottles. Service was just ok this could have been because we sat at the pizza oven bar. Was cool to see the pizzas made and cooked in the open wood/ gas fired oven .I agree with others that the actual pizza is hit or miss.  I had the eggplant one and that was awesome, but on a second visit tried the sausage, and it barely had any sausage on it.  I haven't had major issues with the crust.  Both times I have really enjoyed the special sicilian slice of the day.  Most recently it had kale, and sundried tomatoes. The wood oven salad was amazing.  I could eat that every day.  Pick-up is super fast, ready in about 15 minutes.This is a great pizza joint, conveniently located next to the Barnes and Rodin museums. The pizzas are all very light, so don't be afraid to order a whole pizza for yourself. For meatier options, try the calzone.
The fried bread with Nutella here is absolutely amazing, and one of the unhealthiest desserts that I eat far too often. You might not think you can finish the whole platter but it goes fast! 
The service and servers are ok, and the location has pleasant outdoor seating too.Great food. Fast service! Good selection of pizzas and I personally think the arugula salad is a must!I came on a Friday night after a long bus ride from NYC due to the snow. The place was filled with people even though the weather was horrible. My friend and I were seated by the bar,in front of where the pizzas are made. The waitress came by after a few minutes to take our drinks. I asked her for suggestions and she didn't seem to care and gave pretty terrible suggestion on what to get. If you work there, you should be able to tell me what is good and what most people would get. She came a few minutes later and took our order after her horrible suggestion. My friend and I decided on the Crudo and Melanzano. They were both absolutely delicious! I preferred the Melanzano but my friend loves prosciutto so her fav was the Crudo. It was great to sit at the bar and watch the pizza being made. I def would recommend this to friends.I love wood-fired pizza so I'm a big fan of Pizzeria Vetri.
I can see from the review that it isn't for everyone. For instance, if you don't want pizza, you should really consider another restaurant. This place isn't for you. If you want NY, Chicago, or Boise style pizza then it's not for you.
The wine is pretty mediocre but it's only $24/500ml, which is not expensive for Philly.
As for the pizzas, this is my favorite place in town. The pizza doughs are individually raised at the right temperature, expertly spun, and wood-fired to perfection. They're springy, light and tasty, just like they are in Europe. Marc Vetri uses tipo 00 flour, so this is how pizza should be.
It's best enjoyed with a friend at the pizza bar, or as a group of friends, and it can get loud. Honestly this isn't a place for a date, unless you're both pizza lovers. Enjoy!Drool...That's what happened when I tried this place. The area is pretty open with a family style picnic arrangement seating and an optional outdoor seating. I ordered the salsiccia pizza , large and it was tasty. Nice hot toppings and sauce with a soft crust. The pizza was lacking a little of the quantity. I was in a group of three guys and I felt each of us could've eaten 2 pizzas by ourselves. 
Never the less, it was still good. A little pricey for around $30+ and not being filled up. The service was good although when we asked for their recommendations since it was our first time being there the server said a few options but then continue to stare at my menu to read the ingredients. I can understand if she said she was new but she did not, so I have to be bias that she did not know the menu too well. Check this place out. According to a friend, it's owned by Urban Outfitters. Fun fact!Difficult to get to from Center City, but totally worth the ride. This pizzeria serves up some of the finest pies. My favourite is the Melanzana - with eggplant and stracciatella cheese that just melts in your mouth. 
Don't forget to try the affogato - an espresso with a dollop of soft serve ice cream. This is a dessert that you cannot and must not miss. 
The only thing missing with Pizzeria Vetri is a happy hour, and I hope the new one opening this month at Rittenhouse will have one.I was excited to try this place since I love the vetri places. Got takeout for lunch had a slice of the special pizza (leeks, sopressata, cheese, tomato sauce) and the rotolo. Unfortunately the pizza slice I got, the dough was still raw and the leeks were uncooked. It was not worth the $6.00 for the slice. Luckily the rotolo was really good and worth the $3.50. My husband had the vegetarian slice (tomato sauce and cheese) and he said that the dough was really good but isn't really worth $6.00. Not impressed and highly disappointed. Maybe it would have been different if we ate there.Some of the light airy thin tasty pizza I've ever had. We shared the meatballs and Cesar which was good minus anchovies and a margarita pizza and pepperoni pizza. 
'Very yummy flavor sauce and dough. The margharita was a lil skimpy on the cheese which was sad but still great nonetheless. 
Cool small little spot. And good service,At last, a casual eatery by the Italian culinary stallion, Marc Vetri. While the pizza is indeed very well executed, there were ample opportunities to fine-tune this fledging eatery.
Wood Oven Salad (Toasted Parsnips, Carrots, Celery Root, Turnips, Prosciutto Cotto, Smoked Scamorza) - 2 out of 5
This is not a salad. There was no lettuce. I was expecting a vivid, earthy, and starchy salad, and received some hybrid of deli ham and a deconstructed antipasti. There are copious shavings of ham that form a bed underneath some under-seasoned, and overly greasy, unidentifiable root vegetables. I'm equally upset that this menu item is a misnomer and an oleaginous mess.
Crudo Pizza (Prosciutto Crudo, Bufala Mozzarella, Parmigiano) - 3.5 out of 5
The crust was perfectly crispy, soft, and stretchy dough that was flavorful. Vetri excels at making an A+ crust that is both doughy and comforting while simultaneously minimalist and light. The top of pizza was a bit oily and the mozzarella was cold. 
Cookie Jar (Pignoli, Almond Cookies, Chocolate Biscotti, Pistachio Gnocchi) - 4 out of 5
$5 affords you a small paper bag with two of each of the four aforementioned bite-sized cookies. The chocolate biscotti were one of the best biscotti I've tried. The chocolate was heavily pronounced and elevated, I'm presuming, by the addition of coffee. The pistachio gnocchi were positively irresistible: moist and teeming with rich pistachio flavor. I only wish there were more...
Ambiance - 3 out of 5
The space is smaller and the dining room shallower, than one would expect. There is limited seating and there are no plans to take reservations.  When new guests arrive through the entry, the swing of the door sends a rush of cold air throughout the dining area. The added outside entry doesn't do the best job to mitigate the problem. This is truly a casual joint; don't expect comfortable chairs. While we were seated at the bar, we noticed a steady flow of take-out orders.
There is a gas and wood-powered Renato oven, which renders out the pies in approximately 2 minutes.pizza places like this warm my heart. and it tickles my fancy how this place seems like it could be planted in south philly. i hung up my coat on the rack of coat hangers against the wall and propped up my chin at the counter so I could watch the artists spin their dough.
a quick tip you may not get from the general overview of the place: they DO have mixed drinks in these tiny cute little glass bottles. they pour it on ice in front of you. the mixed drinks are steep in price though: $12, but they use excellent ingredients.This place has the most horrible seating and the pizza is sub par. The only good thing was the service and of course location, location locationI think I would give this place a 4.5 if it weren't for it being overpriced but the prices are too high even for the area the restaurant is in. Also, the other downside is that the more "standard" pizzas like the margarita is only about a 3 at best, I'm all for a light lunch but I could easily eat the entire large on a hungry day it's so thin and has almost no mozz, basically just a super thin saucy piece of dough. That's the down side though - the upside is everything I've ever gotten there is made with the best ingredients, they have amazing special pizzas everyday (usually the best thing on the menu pizza wise), some amazing salads (the arugula/potato/pesto & vinaigrette is so unique and subtle), and one of my favorite things of all time the Batolo (I might have the spelling slightly wrong) which is a small dough/ricotta/prosciutto twist cooked and it comes with the most amazing pesto I've ever had which is a pistachio pesto I seriously haven't had many things better than that pesto creation. The deserts are solid too, and they carry lemon San pelligrino drinks so overall solid and in some cases great but absolutely overpriced.We visited for dinner on the recommendation of a local; the Salsiccia pizza was delicious - fennel sausage, roasted fennel, slightly charred crust.  A small was the perfect amount for 2 adults to share, although the waitress tried to upsell us on a large ("I can eat a small by myself").  The salads that we saw nearby patrons eating looked great too. Seating is communal - large picnic tables and bar seating (both by the bar and the pizza oven).  Open view of the pizza oven was entertaining!Place is a joke.  The food was good, don't get me wrong but if I went back hungry I'm getting at least 4 "pizzas" and who wants to spend $50+ on pizza?  More if youre getting salad and wine. 
Pizzas are small with very few ingredients. Be prepared to pop bandz.Food: 4
Decor: 3
Ambiance: 3
Service: 2.5
Value: 2.5
The pizza is good, and the fried pizza dough is even better. However, I still find it hard to stomach spending $60+ for 2 at a pizzeria with communal seating.Delicious pizza with just the right amount of doughiness! The rotolo is a must try. This is a great place to experience Vetri deliciousness without breaking the bank!Had the magherita pizza, was underwhelmed. Overpriced for portion size, waiter was inattentive.  Don't understand the hype of this place.  Will not be back.This is a solid, hearty meal, that's equal parts casual, equals parts classy. The wine and pizza combo has been done in a few other places around town, like Pizzeria Stella and Nomad Pizza, but those pale in comparison to Vetri's version. Most anything on the menu is good, but the Four Cheese (Quatro Fromage) white pizza is my favorite. Definitely do not skip the Gnuttela Pizza for dessert. It's light but still decadent and well worth it.Over Hyped
Heard a lot about this place and have been planning to try them for a while. I had high hopes. Sadly they were roundly dashed wroth the first course. 
The rotolo, a much publicized item on the menu, was...meh! Muted flavors, hard (but not in that crispy goodness way. Rather it tasted like it'd been sitting out and was reheated.) 
We tried the special meatball pizza. Again, it was ok. The crust was good, but the sauce and toppings were a bit bland.
The staff was friendly, but the server never returned to ask if I wanted another drink.
All on all, for the amount of money there are many other pizza places I n Philly.Was on the way Petco me and my parents saw this place was empty. No line! We weren't very hungry but had to get a pizza here. 
I had high hope about this pizzeria since I just had amazing experience at Vetri. How good would be! And Philly does have great pizza overall, this one might be too good to me to handle.
Got rotolo and margarita pizza. Both were very decent food. I just wouldn't wait for that or walk all the way to restaurant from my neighborhood. Pretty far to walk from center city..The Rotolo was out of this world. Everything about this place was amazing! The communal tables were cramped and I could barely hold a comfortable conversation, lack of space was the only downfall.This place is beyond awesome. We go here almost every weekend at some point and honestly have never had a less than perfect experience. Food is spectacular, comes out FAST, wait staff is friendly and attentive. The other guests are almost always lovely (which is good considering it's family style seating). I am grateful this little gem is in our neighborhood.Good pizza.  Wasn't great. Didn't live up to the hype,or the cost......staff was extremely polite.  I'll give it another try, perhaps. I will not wait if there is a line.Went last night, and it was just OK. First, it pretty small. Only about 10-12 counter seats by the oven/pizza dudes and 2 communal long tables with also 10-12 seats. Service was on point. Had the Renato and Salsiccia pies with the Wood Oven Salad. Everything just seemed like it was missing something. Nothing really stuck out and made me want to come back. The beer list was great, and reasonably priced.We all know Marc, and we all know he knows a thing or two about making damn good pizza. So setting up a joint solely focused on his pizza was a damn good move.
The crust is thin and fluffy, the sauce sweet and tangy, the toppings fresh and select - and you get the added bonus of being able to watch them craft your order. Even if you have no idea what it is, order the rotolo (it looks like a cinnamon roll, but it's a savory, pistachio and ricotta-filled delight).
Some caveats:
- It gets cramped in here. Elbow room not guaranteed.
- They don't take reservations. (consider bringing a magazine or crossword puzzle)
- If you're a woman sitting at the pizza bar, it can occasionally get ogle-y. 
But the pizza's really good, promise!Open late on weekdays!  One of the few places in the city with their kitchen open until 11pm.  Love the arugula salad- pesto is fresh.  Pizza is great, not a huge fan of the burnt taste in the crust.  Quick, friendly service, and a great atmosphere.  Can't wait to go back.Have had pizza here a few times before and it was good until tonight. 
Called in to order a renato, margarita, and melanzana pizzas. I asked the girl on the phone to please make them well done. She responded," we cook our pizzas in an 800 degree oven." (Did understand her response. All I could think was hey that's great) 
When we got the pizza they were not even close to well done. The dough was chewy, the margarita barely had any sauce or cheese on it. The other two pizzas lacked flavor. 
So disappointed with the no flavor, under cooked , expensive below average pizza.Very disappointing experience.  Showed up in the early afternoon on a gorgeous 65-degree (late October) day and asked to be seated outside; the host brusquely told us they were not serving outside "because of the weather."  Sat at a table inside which quickly became a little too crowded for comfort.  I understand the family-style quick-turnaround small-rest nature of the place, but being nearly sat upon and having to move to another seat to avoid knocking elbows repeatedly was not what I expected.  The kicker was the fact that less than 10 minutes after my party of two requested outside seating and were denied it, outside seating was opened up and we were neither informed and asked if we wanted to move out there nor apologized to. 
Food-wise, we ordered a rotolo and a melanzana pizza.  The rotolo was fine.  The melanzana had great promise, but the stracciatella  was ice cold and very watery.  One of my favorite pizza places (in another city) is famous for its "Cold Cheese" -- in the moment between removal from oven and distribution to customer, a generous handful of grated mozzarella is sprinkled onto the piping-hot slice so it melts a bit but still retains its cheesy integrity.  Delicious.  This was anything but.  The crust would have been delicious had it not been charred to a very black crisp and made milky, watery, and cold by the stracciatella.  Can't comment on the eggplant because i was overwhelmed by cold milkyness.
I am prepared to try other pizzas from Mr. Vetri, and don't feel justified making an executive decision on quality based on one experience and one pie, but until my mind is swayed i will not be recommending this establishment.Philly... not really known for their pizza like NY but this place is SOLID. 
my friends and i got the Salsiccia: fennel sausage, tomato sauce, mozzarella, roasted fennel. delicious!
but i was most impressed by the CRUST. great texture and chewiness/crunchy ratio. the kind where you actually want to eat the crust after. (some other pizzas i don't eat the crust because it's like hard bread)
my friends ate this to-go but hopefully i can stop by inside next timeOn Saturday the boo and I visited Pizzeria Vetri hoping to eat there before they ran out of dough for the second time in two days (eventually they did, but it was way late).  We put our names in for seats and then strolled along Callowhill to check out the Granary and the new pet store, Unleashed.
We were texted exactly 25 minutes after we put our names in (the exact estimated wait time) and got two seats at the marble pizza counter - watching pizza making is entertaining so our seats were prime time.  Our order consisted of the arugula salad, rotolo, and the sausage pizza.  Much of the friendly staff at Alla Spina were filling in shifts at Pizzeria Vetri, and it was nice to see familiar faces.
Rotolo is a necessary venture.  For only $3 you get a massive garlic knot stuffed with ricotta and prosciutto, heavily dusted with pistachio.  I would like to get one massive pizza sized rotolo and feast on that.  Our salad was also extremely good - Vetri doesn't skimp on cheese and I'm thankful - lightly tossed in dressing with warm fingerling potatoes and tiny kalamata type olives pits in.  
Finally our pizza arrived within the two minute cook time in their Renato 900 degree oven.  Sliced and herbed right in front of us, it smelled what heaven for Italians must smell like.  We also got two of the new Yard's brew from the board which rounded out our experience.  Even though it's a bit pricey for a Yard's, the beer selection is on point.  
I so wish they had outside seating so we could bring our pooch, especially considering the pet store nearby.  It might be an issue on that block as none of the restaurants have seating outdoors.
The service was fantastic - managers dishing out new napkins for ones accidentally dropped on the floor - and talkative pizza chefs.  We will definitely be returning for a casual savory date.Deeeelish! This place transported me back to Italy, home of the best Neopolitan pizza ever! This is Neopolitan pizza at it's finest in the city of Philadelphia. Thank you Mark Vetri!!
The dough was perfectly light and beautifully charred. We also had one of the salads. It's a tiny place though and so it'd probably best to venture here at off peaks times. We went at 3ish on a Sunday afternoon. Perfect!!Mmmm.  The pizza here is awesome.  My friend and I split an arugula salad with silky, creamy snips of parmesan cheese. We also devoured a very simple, bit delectable, margherita pizza.  It was a nice little lunch and not too pricey.  Definitely recommend.This is the hot spot for foodie families coming out of the franklin institute or Barnes      Great pizza, tasty rotolo and the Nutella pizza impressed even the kids.  Even with a glass of wine we were out if there for less than 100.  It's small - so going at an off hour makes it easier to find seats. Can't imagine this place at 7 on a weekend night.  Service was fast but we were not rushed.  Will definitely go back.This place is so nice! It looks very hip and clean, and they were playing some 90's hip hop while I was there. The food is delicious, and the servers were really great. One of the people in my party had a pine nut allergy, and the server was really careful to make sure none of the food we received had any pine nuts in it. One of our pies came out a little bit late, and the manager sent over some free rotolo and soft serve as an apology. I had a great experience, and I would definitely come back again!Welcome to the neighborhood, Pizzeria Vetri. As a Fairmount/Art Museum resident, I am happy to have you here. 
My friend and I were lucky enough to snag a spot on the official opening weekend. I've heard that they don't take reservations so we really did luck out getting a seat. Our next stop was Wanderlust down at the Piazza and the fact that we were able to casually dine in our yoga gear wasn't a problem. 
We both ordered the Arugula salad, although I was originally leaning towards the Italian Caesar Salad. Based on the recommendation from the couple next to us and affirmation that the Arugula salad could be prepared without olives, I was sold on the Arugula. Upon bringing out my friend's salad, they had forgotten to prepare mine without the olives. The olives seemed pretty big and unobtrusive so I said it would be okay to leave the olives. Our server was on top of it and already sent mine back. The error was handled seamlessly and with grace. The salad was delicious and I was happy it was prepared to-order after all. I never would have thought that potatoes would go well in a salad, but they worked out quite well. The pesto was more oil based- as in not clumpy as a pesto can be- and made for an excellent dressing. Although not listed on the menu, the small chunks of Parmesan cheese made for a great addition. 
On to the pizza...
My friend and I had ordered one Margherita pie to split since we didn't want to fill up too much before yoga. She had originally debated on getting the Tonno pie however decided against it. This must have confused our server and we were a little confused ourselves when a Tonno pie showed up at our table. As this was an error on their end, we were able to keep the Tonno pie at no charge- score! Another issue handled with grace and professionalism. Ultimately, I did like the Tonno pizza a little better than the Margherita. I figured it would be best to start with the "basic" pizza and expand my repertoire from there. The Margherita was a little too simple. Don't get me wrong, simple is not a bad thing. The crust was light, flaky and baked to perfection, the basil was fresh and the cheese was melted perfectly. It just wasn't a life changing experience. The Tonno had that same great crust, but was just a little more exciting. 
As many have already pointed out, the space is small and you are sitting at communal tables. Since this is a pizza joint with a casual atmosphere, I'm okay with that. Next time I'd love to sit by the window seats, complete with a view of Philadelphia skyline. 
The service was fab and we even got to see Mr. Marc Vetri himself hard at work. I've never seen him before so I was quite star struck. 
I can't wait for my next visit. They have an awesome beer list and there are other pizzas I'm dying to try- based on the menu descriptions and seeing our "table neighbors" enjoying them.Dining Partner and I came to Pizzeria Vetri on a Wednesday around 7:30pm. We were able to score seats at the pizza bar so we could stare at the man making the pizza. I would suggest this, especially if you try to make pizza at home on a regular basis and fail miserably at tossing and flattening it. We watched him make about 40 pizzas in the hour we sat there. I ordered the Quattro Formaggi (4 cheese, duh) and Dining Partner selected the Renato (mozzarella, rosemary, olive oil, sea salt). Both pizzas came out within 10 minutes of ordering and were very good. Nice casual dining experience.The margarita pizza was delicious. I also tried the zucchini squash lemon ricotta pizza by the slice, which also hard very good flavor.  Service was impeccable  I would definitely go back.The place is very nice, friendly staff, good atmosphere.  I'm just not a fan of tiny, fancy pizza that costs $18.Well, this was fun! Table outside, couple of beers and pizza- what's not to love? Friendly + professional staff. Not in the city often but will definitely come here or one of their other locations again. Fresh ingredients + thin crust. Yum, yum and yum!As someone who thought that the pizza at Osteria was among the best in town, I was expecting a lot more of this place. The menu options are fairly limited, and the atmosphere is kind of weird. It feels like you're in a pizza-by-the-slice place designed by Starbucks and Stephen Starr. Honestly, it seems like Vetri is stretching himself a little too thin with this latest offering.I've been to Pizzeria Vetri a couple of times and have enjoyed my eating experiences there.  The atmosphere is 'tight'... it's close quarters sitting inside. You have 'to get in where you fit in', as far as the inside seating goes.  Seating is filled in at the larger tables where there's space. I have yet to sit outside.  Though it's a smaller spot, the vibe is very chill. You'll see couples with young children, couples out on a casual date to groups of friends probably coming through to eat before really 'going out'.
Both times I sat right up at the counter where they make the pizzas. Being the talkative type, I was able to ask questions to the fellas making the pizzas about which ones they were making at that moment.  It helped with making our decisions as to what to eat.
The Renato pizza is my fav.. surprisingly since this is a meatless pie (I love a sausage slice of pizza)...  The Salsiccia is a very close second choice.  The pizzas are 'compact' but are shareable.. you don't have to wait long for all this pizza goodness to arrive at your table. Or in my case, the counter!  If hip hop... classic hip hop... is your thing, along with eating something better than an 'ordinary' slice of cheese pizza...this honestly may be the place for you!  I know I was in heaven.. eating awesome artisan pizza, head nodding to classic hip hop songs in the background.  Oh. and let me not forget, you can order a beer or wine with your pizza too..
Vetri's within a walkable distance from the local museums on the Parkway.. so this will definitely be on my list of go-to spots when I'm around the Art Museum area.It was our favorite pizza place, but unfortunately not anymore. Have been there multiple times and everything was perfect except today.
First, the manager didn't seem to care about customers as he didn't greet us properly, and was talking to other employees for almost all time of our visit. 
Then, a server brought us wrong beer and it took us a while to explain that it's not what we asked for.
We ordered two different pizzas for two of us, one pizza came very burned right in the middle, so we had to ask to make a new one and it came when I was almost done with mine. It also seemed that they were saving on prosciutto crudo as there was very few of it on both pizzas. Also, when the server was taking our dirty plates she spilled smth on me a little and didn't even said sorry. Not to mention that she was not friendly at all.
Moreover, we put our jackets on the seat next to us and some lady in a very rude manner asked us to take the clothes. Well, I'm sorry that I didn't know that there are hangers in the back! She definitely could have been nicer.
Lastly, they didn't wipe the table after someone next to us and there were bread crumbs and water spills for the entire time.
I hope it all happened because of the shift, as we never had problems before, but I will think thrice before coming next time.After visiting the museum, my sister and i came for a bite to eat at Pizzeria Vetri and it was one of the best experience we've had at a restaurant. The food was great! The ceasar salad is amazing - almost runny egg and authentic dressing with anchovies. Delicious! The pepperoni and maurizo pizza are my favorite. The pepperoni on the pizza is great - not the ones you get at regular pizzeria. The maurizo is excellent as well - simple but the flavors are excellent. For dessert, we got the ice cream. I must come back for these! The service was excellent.Good atmosphere, good service good food. The server recommended the Rotolo and we saw it was featured on the food network so we had to get that. It was very good we were not disappointed. We also got the Salsiccia Pizza. It came in a red sauce with sausage and fennel, also very tasty. The dough was cooked perfectly and had just the right amount of crunch. We got the arugula salad which tasted fresh. Overall this is a great pizza spot, we will definitely be back.I was not impressed by the pizza here.  The crust is decent and I ordered the marinara pizza with mozzarella added to it and it was nothing special.  The marinara sauce is just normal, but the cheese was very delicious.  We also ordered the fried pizza dough.  It is fried dough with cinnamon sugar, so you can't go wrong, but it was also not anything special.  Overall, quite disappointed.  This it the third Vetri restaurant that I have been disappointed by.Wow thin crust pizza best ever. Marinara..plain tomato eh? No this thing is from outer space fantastico, sweet, tart, aromatic...how in hell do they do that? The other pizzas at my table were all marvellous. Add the arugula salad..The alcohol here is ridiculously overpriced. The atmosphere is not nice enough for a date. It's more like a place to bring a soccer team to after a game.
The pizza is good, but not the best in Philly by far. 
I enjoyed the Rosemary pizza, but I found that their burrata just tasted strange. Their wines are mediocre at best. Thankfully they have an excellent selection of beers (in cans)!
The service, however, was excellent.I think this place will be much better once they iron the kinks out and the newness wears off.  Right now the seating capacity is no where near the demand and they seem to rush everything to turn the tables over.  We ordered 2 pies and a salad.   They had everything come out at the same time so there was no flow to the meal. 
The pizza where good the crust was good but the escarole salad was terrible.   The dressing was flavorless,  the anchovies were old and had been opened for a while but the worst part was the greens.  Escarole salads need to be the younger greens or the hearts.  They server the main leaves which are tough and almost inedible.Fancy Pizza!!! Is there really such a thing? I am by no means a pizza expert ( I normally eat it when I'm intoxicated so it always tastes great), but I was really impressed with the pizza I had at Pizzeria Vetri. The dough was thin and crispy, the crust was amazing. Wierd right, I always throw away the crust. The toppings are very progressive, don't come here expecting pepperoni or green peppers. More like fennel, butternut squash and some fancy sausage.  
Definitely one of the few pizza places in the city I can enjoy sober. Enjoy this place it is delicious!I'm definitely a fan of @PizzeriaVetri . The menu offers just the right amount of food and great flavor combinations. I ordered the Crudo ($18)
prosciutto crudo, bufala mozzarella, parmigiano and it did not disappoint, They also have an impressive selection of canned and bottle beers that would make @phillybeergirl proud.I went here for the first time and let me tell you, when the reviews say small... they mean this place is small. Enough room to sit 20 people, maybe a few more. There is also no waiting area, so it got cramped standing around for a table since it was raining out. The place itself though was very nicely done and the open pizza kitchen with the oven was definitely cool, especially if you sit at the bar. 
Once we were seated, the service was good and the waitress helpful with the menu. The pizza was fantastic! Perfectly done. Overall, this place is a great restaurant... but falls short of 4 or 5 stars because of the price. Pizzeria Vetri was just so over priced for the amount of pizza you got that it was just absurd. Two of us ran a bill of near $50. Pizza I feel just should not run that expensive unless Marc Vetri is making it himself. I would certainly go back here... but not very often.Best artisan pizza within PA, NJ, DE, MD put together. Mic drop . Don't look or think further. Just get the super large one, you can finish it by yourself.Bufad is closed on mondays, didn't know that:(  So after debating on a few fav pizza places, I decided on Vetri since it's in my hood.  I've been once before for take out, so I knew it was good. I went and ordered there and waited with a glass of wine. It was actually a nice change. I ordered the Margherita for my son and the Melanzana. Both pizzas are simple and delicious! The only reason for 3 stars and not 5 is that the portion sizes are ridiculously small, beverages and pizza. Pizza is basically 100% profit, so why the robbery? The glass of wine,  as you can tell is crazy small also. I'll probably be back when my fav's are not an option, Bufad, Santuccis, and because I live right there.Oh dear, I wanted to love you as much as I love every other Vetri place.  We showed up around 4:30 on a Friday afternoon, so there was no problem getting seated.  The service was eh, a little indifferent, seemingly confused, but plenty of them.  Marc was over working the pizza oven, so we were expecting great things.  What was great - the rotolo - that was great.  Our big sicilian slice was great too, our pizza, well, it was not that fabulous.  It was a little less crisp than we are used to seeing from an Osteria pizza.  Would I complain about this pizza, not normally, but I had high expectations for this pizza.  
The wine choices were limited - but very good.
Not sure if its worth a special trip, I can't even believe I just said that.We spent the day in the Art Museum area and wanted a place to escape the bitter cold.  So glad we found this place!  Awesome pizza that makes you feel like you're in Naples.  We had the meatball special pizza and the Renato.  Both were heaven.  Light crispy crust with just enough cheese for taste - the way it should be.  Good beer list as well!  Definitely would come back here the next time I'm in town.Loved the sauce, very light. The pizza itself was that great crust, little burned on the edges with bubbles. The Wood Fired salad was excellent. Fresh snap peas, ramps, small bits of asparagus with shaved cheese and prosciutto.
Nice presentation on the drinks. Very casual on the seating with the community tables, but there are also seats in front of the oven or over by the window.
Pizza, salas and 2 ice teas came to $36, so it's a little pricey for pizza, but everything was fresh and light and would go back.Pizzeria Vetri is a five star pizza joint. Casual atmosphere with great pizza and a very good beer menu as well. All of the pizzas are very creative but my favorite is the margherita pie. The square pie slices are also very good and they usually have two different types that rotate each time you come in. This is not a five star fine dining establishment like Vetris name sake restaurant, but if you're looking for a casual dining scene to grab some pizza it is e best in the city.I would go back just for the ROTOLO which is seriously amazing!! The pistacchio pesto is like crack. My mouth is salivating just thinking about it! Pizzas are decent, but very thin & small. Avoid the marinara -def not worth the price (ordered for delivery one night & was very disappointed and had to add a lot of seasoning to make it enjoyable)! The Crudo & Quattro Formaggi were tasty and were shared among 4 of us with 2 orders of the Rotolo. Very small restaurant- felt a bit like packed sardines in there on a Friday evening, but overall great experience!The place is TINY which means the wait is long. Had high expectations being this is a Vetri place.
My sister and I split the Wood Oven Salad - don't recommend it. The prosciutto somehow didn't go with the root vegetables. The sausage pizza was good but my sister and I both agreed we much prefer Pizzeria Stella. Try the Tartufo pizza there!Great spot located close to the Barnes museum and Whole Foods.  Pizza is exceptional, although pricey.  You can't go wrong with any pizza, and I especially like the Melanzana, amazing.  If you don't mind paying $15 or more for a small (but tasty) pizza you won't be disappointed.The pizza here was ridiculously good.  Had a won oven salad which is roasted beans and vegetables.  If I came back I would order it again.  If you love in philly you need to come.  It is a small little shop, holds maybe 40 but I don't know why.  OutstandingMy son and I were touring Philly and decided that before we left we had to do 2 things.  
Pizza and Cheese Steaks. 
So, I hit up yelp and found this great restaurant.  A quick walk FILLED with pokemon stops later, and we were there.  Great place!  
Atmosphere was one of an authentic Italian pizza place, complete with Wood fired brick oven.  
The staff was incredibly nice and took great care of us.  
I could not believe how QUICK the pizza came out.  And yeah- this is some gormet pizza.  Two sizes, Napolitano (medium 16" pizza,) and al Metro (larger rectangular pizza).  We got the Crudo, which was prosciutto, bufala mozzarella and Parmesan cheese.   Also, the Salsiccia, which had fennel sausage, roasted fennel, tomato sauce and mozzarella.  Both were incredible and had a thin crunchy crust.  
For dessert, we had 2 canolli's with chopped pistachio.  
Great meal!We had several pizzas here after a bout with the museums.  
We ordered the specials that they had. I was blown away by the veggie special. We say outside and enjoyed the beautiful day.  
We shared our table with a couple. In general this is not my preference but we got in a great conversation about art (they had just visited the Barnes). The shared meal was a happy surprise.
Will go back for sure.I got the Margherita pizza to go, which had a perfectly thin crust and wonderfully fresh flavor without being too greasy or overpowering. Definitely one of the best pizza's I've had, but still thought it was a tiny bit expensive for the quantity of food.The day will come when I can go to Vetri, however until then I'll be enjoying Pizzeria Vetri. I have to be honest, I think pizza is kind of over-hyped, maybe I'm just a really picker eater. However Pizzeria Vetri is one of the few places that really do it for me. We tried four of the pizzas a few weeks ago and they were all great. The seating is bench style, so you might end up next to complete strangers, but we met some really cool people. You HAVE to try the rotolo, it's out of this world!Marc Vetri, a Philly chef who was trained in Bergamo, Italy. Our worlds will never cross unless he opens a restaurant in NYCs Meat Packing district. I've been reading about his accomplishments over the years, James Beard Award winner and pasta magician. When I was passing thru Philly, I was now a man on a mission.
Walking into Pizzeria Vetri, I have the place to myself. I've been reading on Yelp that I have to try the Rotolo. It sounds simple, Pizza dough rolled up with mortadella, ricotta and topped with pistachio pesto.
I want to try the pizza, I ordered the Crudo pizza. Topped with yummy prosciutto and bufala mozzarella, this sounds like a some brotherly love happening at Pizzeria Vetri.
My Rotolo comes first. Man.. this is krazy good. I thought this would be like every New York pizza roll but this is something that's chef'd up. Totally took me by surprise. This is a must order item when you come to Pizzeria Vetri.
The Crudo pizza almost had me knock off a star. The taste was amazing! My only issue? The mozzarella had some cold spots. I asked the waitress if I could have the pizza reheated, she said there are board of heath issues, yada yada yada. Guess what? The salty prosciutto had me coming back for more, this was a damn fine pizza.
I came, I saw and I conquered Pizzeria Vetri. What an amazing restaurant, if you never had Marc Vetris food, you should swing by to appreciate his simple everyday Italian creations.I was at first confused by the services, because it took a minute  for us to be approach.  I went to server because I didn't want to leave because I heard good things about the place.  After, that our server was great.   All in all, one of the best Pepperoni and sauc pizza ....I tasted. My son, who is,9 noticed it first.  He said to me...this is good!! I will recommend and bring husband with me next time.  I would have gave it the full 5, if it wasn't awkward when we walked in.A great place to visit after a few hours at the Barnes. It's hard to find good pizza in Philly and Pizzeria Vetri is really top notch. The toppings are "inventive" but also remain true to what you'd expect - really fresh salumi, mozzarella, etc. The drink list here is also really great. If you're not in the mood to imbibe they brew a nice cup of joe as well.If there is anything that I love more than love itself, it is PIZZA. A really good pie does wonders for the soul and while it cannot cure cancer, it can certainly resolve those hunger pangs! A few girls and I decided to meet up for diner after work, and I was pretty excited since I have heard so many good things about this place!
Since it was a nice day, we sat outside. I ordered the Post Road, while the others decided to wash down pizza goodness with wine. We ordered the pizza of the day which was a slice of roasted pear, thyme, mozz, and gorgonzola with a dash of honey. That slice was seriously good, and I could have eaten a whole pie of that. But I didn't because we had ordered two pies and the arugula salad. (We were really hungry). The Renato was a simple, yet tasty trifecta of rosemary, olive oil, and sea salt. The Salsiccia was made with some serious love. Fennel sausage, tomato, and mozz. Lastly, the arugula salad! I really enjoyed this! Hearty potatoes married well with the pesto sauce.
I will always remember this dinner, and cannot wait to go back.Got the Crudo (prosciutto) but with a red sauce since Im not as wild about white pizza. It would have been the best pizza I have ever eaten except for the bottom of the pie crust which was very well done ... mostly black. At times I could taste burnt crust. Im not a fan of carcinogens in my food. That being said, the thinly sliced super tasty prosciutto and ricotta/mozerrella cheeses with a light and flavorful crust were DIVINE. Definitely not a place to dine in as its super small inside with only a few tables outside. Its a shame because they have wonderful beers on tap but I couldnt partake since I was getting take out. Only other thing was the price was a bit expensive. With tax it was about $20 for a small to medium sized pizza. Would eat here more often if it was a tad cheaper.The arugula salad with pesto was hands down the best salad I've had in my life. And if you're even considering the Nutella dessert pie, get it. You won't be disappointed. Also enjoyed the margherita pizza, especially the crust.Vetri does pizza, like most other things, well.
My first experience was simple: good pizza and accompaniments, for a reasonable price. 
Only a couple options is all you need. Sit outside on the sloping sidewalk and eat everything before it falls off the table. 
Go!Pizzeria Vetri is a 5-star without having to think twice about it. The restaurant is relatively small with communal seating, but most of the time you'll have plenty of space as it isn't regularly packed. The pizza here is by far the best in Philadelphia and Pizzeria Vetri is highly consistent in quality across their pizzas. (I've had five different pizzas? I think?) My favorite is the Salsiccia and I also love whatever they typically have for their pizza al taglio special. Every combination they come up with for their pizza al taglio sounds exceptionally delicious and the actual product is even better. The pizzas are always light without being soggy and are typically minimally dressed. This is important, because the quality of the ingredients and the care in the preparation of the pizza allows the flavors to really shine distinctly without the unnecessary clutter and calories people tend to go for. Each ingredient is picked for its bold flavor, meaning that only a small amount is necessary to get the full taste experience. Adding more of those things haphazardly does nothing to improve the taste one bit and instead weighs down the pizza and the entire experience itself. When leaving Pizzeria Vetri, I feel full but refreshed, not bloated and sick. 
This feeling is also aided by the FREE sparkling water that I always get which is delicious and unlimited. This is unlike some places I've been to that want to charge me outrageous prices for such a thing. They also have good root beer, a good selection of San Pellegrino drinks, etc. One drink that is very good that I often get is the Rosemary Lemonade. I don't see it often, and I think it should be more of a mainstream drink. Herbs are highly under utilized as flavoring agents... life is more than sugar and more sugar.
In addition to this all, the atmosphere is quite lovely. The space is airy, the small space keeps it from getting loud, and the music is set at a low level so that it is audible, but you can't necessarily make it out completely unless you focus in on it. This is IMPORTANT because other places in this city (pizza places I'm thinking of specifically) BLARE their music so loud that I cannot talk to the person in front me whatsoever without having to scream. Even then... Still, I often find myself tuning into the music because I absolutely love their choices. I'm a big fan of 80s/90s "old-school/golden age" hip-hop and they play a lot of my favorite cuts. In fact, I don't know if I've ever heard a bad song here. It is also a nice showcase for how hip-hop isn't necessarily vulgar and offensive like many people may think. 
So, everything here I consider perfect. I've tried a LOT of pizza places in this city, including the "gourmet" ones. I have not tried Nomad yet, and when I do I will update this review but, for now, Vetri is EASILY the best pizza in this city. Their salads look amazing as well, but I've yet to order one. The service is very good and prompt if that is important to you.Pizza was pretty good. Not the best by any means, but solid flavors. Wish the salsiccia had more sausage on it. For a pizza costing 16 dollars it should be covered in toppings. I love the space and the atmosphere, but it's really small. Servers need some work and to learn how to my spill the water when pouring from the jugs, but place is great. Definitely worth a visit and revisit.Recommend the prosciutto pizza! Great service, friendly management, fun atmosphere. Sit at the counter if you get a chance!We were taken here while on vacation in Philly. Lucky us! The pizza of the day was exceptionally good -- butternut squash topped with crispy sage. Based on others' reviews, we tried the rotolo and it was delicious, as were the Caesar salad, the red house wine on tap, and the other pizzas we ordered.I think everyone is running on the fumes of serious hype and marketing on this place.  I don't hate it, I'm not in love with it.  When I get the bill I definitely loose any love that may have been in my heart for the place.  It was close to $100 after tip for two pizzas, and two drinks each, for lunch.  We didn't walk out stuffed, or drunk, either.  I'm not basing this review on price at all.  Obviously, this place is very busy, and others are satisfied with the price point.
I love the location, the concept, the seating, and most of the feel.  As usual, I reviewed the menu before going down, and I was excited.  I was so happy to see the Tonno on the menu.  I'm Italian.  Growing up,  tuna was in our pasta, pizza, and pretty much anything with a tomato sauce,  especially at this time year.  My friends, and in laws, have always been disgusted by this.  Thanks to Mr. Vetri for incorporating this aspect into his pizza.  I really feel he opened up a lot of peoples' eyes.  I actually made a pizza with tuna a few months ago for a holiday gathering. I was blasted for committing such a terrible offense.  I mentioned it was a traditional family recipe.  At that point insults started being thrown at my family.  I then told everyone about the Tonno at PV, and all of a sudden I was rockstar.  They loved my pizza.  They would have asked me to remove it from the residence immediately otherwise, let alone anyone actually tasting it.  PV starts at 3 stars before I even set foot in the place, based on the redemption of tuna on pizza alone.
The reason PV does not accel beyond those three stars is in the details.  If you're shooting for an exceptional wood fired pizza these days, everything has to be beyond perfect.  The crust is decent, it could have used more crispiness.  It had the nice, flavor filled dots of char; but had no crisp at all.  This was a real shame, because a slight crisp would have highlighted how light and airy it is.  I really do think the sauce is excellent.  It's still a sauce, but it has a fresh crushed tomato sweetness and a natural acidic byte.  This is the secret to amazing pizza, along with the crust.  The mozzarella was decent, kind of average.  Overall, it has everything going for it to be a solid wood fired pizza, but falls flat on assembly.  Notice I stated SOLID, not blowing my doors off in satisfying  the three key factors. 
This is where the first offense occurs.  Am I really supposed to be satisfied with two, sometimes three, inches of untopped crust on the edges? Granted the crust is good, but you're really cutting our pizza in half.  Filling that outside rim with sauce and cheese doubles the area of actual pizza.  Are they skimping on sauce and cheese?  Does PV think it's appealing to a have 6" diameter area of actual pizza in the center of that field of crust?
The second offense was a detail thing as well.  I loved that the red pepper flakes and grated cheese were front and center.  These are an absolute must for a great tasting pizza, and need to be applied by the eater in their preferred ratio.  The red pepper flakes were excellent, as was the quality of the grated cheese.  The problem was that it was impossible to get the cheese out of the shaker.  Grated cheese shakers need to be rotated through the refrigerator constantly to keep the cheese dry enough to actually be usable. You can do the old school, Italian thing and unscrew the top before even checking if it's dry enough to be shaken, but it's still going to come out in huge balls.  It shouldn't be this difficult.
I love the selection of beer, and a huge plus for a good selection of cans.  There's just something satisfying about a great beer that you can get get in a can, especially with pizza.  I had a bottled, aged Brooklyn cocktail, and it was excellent.  It definitely should have been for the price.  Okay, I'm sorry. I'm going to back to cost again. It's pizza, served in kind of a traditional style pizza place.  If a hoagiemouth pal offered to buy me lunch, and I took him here.  He'd probably see the bill, knock my lights out on the walk home, and stop at Wawa for a shorti to stop his stomach from growling.   The bathroom arrangement is also kind of bizarre.  I grew up entering the Italian restaurant through the back door, saying hello to everyone in the kitchen.  They've reversed this concept, where you get to meet everyone in the kitchen doing the walk of shame to the single sh--ter.  Skimping on the lavatory seems to be a common theme for most new restaurants in the city.  So I'm really not going to hold this against PV.
Three stars for effort, but I'm probably not coming back.  Most things are done right here, and done very well.  Although, it claims to be a pizzeria.  Which means the pizza had better be the performer.  I'll make the drive to get a better wood fired pizza, for almost half the price, at DiMeo's in Andorra.Pizza is not bad but very overpriced for a personal pizza. Also, today I went to get a affagato and the lady in the front gave me pretty less ice cream than espresso shot and would not give me more ice cream when I asked. She was rude about it and said that if I wanted something more I should get the higher priced one for $6 (mine cost $5.50).... ahh... ok not coming back here again!Absolutely delicious and very fresh. I was visiting Philly this weekend and I wanted a vegan pizza, Pizzeria Vetri saved the night, they were closing in 20 mins but they let us stay and enjoy our meal they were very pleasant and personable, so I had to return the next day before heading back home, I was glad to see the same cooks from last night and they treated me like a friend. If you are ever in philly this is a must do. Thank you guys for such great hospitality.Let me tell ya: great pizza great Nutella great date. So glad I chose to get married here in the most romantic restaurant on callowhill street (besides Sabrina's). Live love buffalo mozzarella. I hope no buffalo are harmed in the making of that cheese. Window seat is freezing tho sit by the oven if you're not tryna eat w a coat onA great pie in Philly! The resturant is clean and the service is excellent. The tables are for sharing which makes it a fun place to mingle. If in the area I would highly recommend.Started with a Rotolo and that was a good choice.  These are really good.  We had 2 pizzas: Crudo and Salsiccia.  The Crudo was my favorite.  The Salsiccia was a bit heavy on the fennel for my taste.  Finished with the Fried Pizza Dough.  Not sure that it is possible to go wrong with fried dough.The best pizza I have had ever. The ingredients are fresh and delicious, the dough was as good as it can be (thin crust), it was perfect. The beer and wine list was also great, service was attentive. Best of all, the espresso and soft serve dessert was incredible. I can't wait to go back!Worth the 30 minute wait (but maybe not a full hour). The place was packed on Friday, and it's all communal table seating (not my favorite). But after we sat down we were so excited to finally order. Thankfully everything came out super fast. We tried the rollo app (with mushroom), kinda of like a tightly rolled bun with cheese and veggies inside. The arugula salad was great (about two bites per person). Finally the pizza we got were the four cheese and the eggplant one, both were so good it was hard to pick a favorite. Definitely recommend getting one white pizza and one red pizza, because the sauce is sooo good. For three people this was enough food to split between everyone and leave happily stuffed!
They also have take out!
For people who like this place definitely try out Nomad Pizza as well...very similar but more in Wash Sq. With less wait time!Adorable upscale pizzeria. Quick, delicious pizza and great wine on tap. My husband does not like dessert as much, so they were more than willing to split our fried dough to cover half with orange fennel sugar and the other half had Parmesan cheese and a side of warm pizza sauce. Definitely would recommend to our friends and are coming back!We came here for a quick dinner, and were fairly pleased. Our pizza was good, but not absolutely amazing. They seem to be pretty focused on turning tables, which makes sense because it was fairly inexpensive for quality pizza. Still, I wouldn't recommend suggest coming here for a date.Pros: Good pizza - had the Margherita and Porri Al Tartufo. Tartufo was awesome and I'm naturally a Margherita fan but kept grabbing Tartufo. The Arugula salad was also very good! Finally, the soft serve twist ice cream sealed the deal. 
Cons: The service was very bad. We were short one glass so we asked for another - our waiter brought one out...but failed to pour water it in - he just bought over an empty glass. We had a red wine spill at the table but none of the servers really seemed to really care. Even after our explanation of the spill, no additional napkins were handed out. We asked for a new glass, but that was never received. Not sure if there were short on staff but it is a small pizza place...
Overall good pizza, but I am not in a rush to return.The marg za will forever hold its place as one of my favorite pizzas. As my sister said "it was phenomenal"After seeing Pizzeria Vetri's rotolo featured on "Best Thing I Ever Ate" on the Food Network. I HAD to see what all the rage was about.  A few friends and I headed over on a Friday night around 7pm without a reservation. We were pleasantly surprised when we were sat right away at one of their community tables. Not more than a few minutes later we were treated by the sweetest, bubbly server (I wish I remembered her name!) and we were walked through the menu.
We ordered a Caesar salad, rotolos, Salsiccia (sausage and fennel), Melanzana (eggplant) and Crudo pizza (prosciutto and mozzarella). The Caesar salad was underwhelming but everything else was excellent. My only complaint was that because of the HUGE overhead fan (necessary to keep the place cool from the ovens), by the time I went in for my second slice, the pizzas were already very cool. However, this will not keep me from coming back to try some of their daily special pizzas!Some of the best pizza I have had! Our waiter was a little weird, but that did not take away from the quality of this wood-fire pizza! We live right around the corner and will now make this a regular spot. Wish the patio was a little larger, but they have a great selection of beer and toppings!OMG the calzone with prosciutto..... HEAVEN. 
Had to add that. I dream about it weekly.Yes, woohoo, this really is as good as it gets. Perfect crust, perfect sauce, fresh ingredients, nice casual vibe, a few good salads, some decent wine:  everything is just right.My husband and I have been wanting to check this place out for the longest time. The service was top notch and everyone there was very friendly. We sat at the bar area where we could see the pizza being made right in front of us which was very cool. All our meals came out really fast. The pizza's were pretty good however, given the number of other gourmet pizza spots in the city, I wouldn't say this is the best. 
I ordered then soft serve ice cream for dessert and it was pretty plain and basic. Something you would get at the boardwalk for less. For a Vetri restaurant I just expected more but overall, it was pretty good.Good and delicious oven brick pizza...We had to wait for a while for a table, since it gets a bit crowded in this place, but overall, service was fair and the food was very good! It would be nice to have a gluten free selection as well; although, they can make the pizza without cheese (tomato pie).The only reason I did not give it 5 stars was because the price is rather steep ($12 for 13 inch personal pizza). But it may actually be worth it. I ordered Maurizio, which has 
mozzarella, rosemary, olive oil, sea salt. The crust was perfect. The toppings were perfect (fresh mozzarella, fresh rosemary, etc).Of course this place has good pizza. However, I called them on a Friday night around 9 to ask about wait time, and they told me that there wasn't a wait at all. Surprised, my boyfriend and I hopped on our bikes and headed over. When we got there, it was a 20 minute wait. I felt a little lied to, but oh well. We got a drink at the bar and awkwardly stood in everyone's way for the next 20 minutes. There is an awesome beer selection here, and we ended up getting seats watching the pizzas being made, which made me much happier than if we were at a community table. Honestly though, the pizza was probably on par with Bufad, and that place is quieter and does buy-one-get-one pizzas! We got the rotolo, a rosemary and sea salt pizza, and a wood fired salad, which was honestly the best thing we ordered. I would give this meal 4 stars except that the music they were playing was horribly unfitting and too loud. First the Beastie Boys followed by Dr. Dre? Keeping it classy, Vetri.Wow oh Wow, yes I loved it. The service was great as was everything we had. The Yards poured were perfect, Rotoli ,Oven Roasted Salad and the pizza oh god the pizza were all more then we could hope for. It makes me crazy when people talk about   the hype or being let down , come on were talking about Pizza here and dam it's good at this place. Thanks Marc and Crew, you guys are badass and rock Hard!Went here for lunch today with coworkers- the pizzas were great! Big enough to share a smaller size with two people (if you are not that hungry), but definitely not impossible to finish one on your own. We tried the Eggplant and the 4 cheese pizzas, and I would highly recommend the eggplant pizza, but I would pass on ordering the 4 cheese again, I found it quite bland. All in all would come back to try a few more pizzas, ( I have heard good things about the sausage!) or to repeat my eggplant experiences.The pizza was stellar service was equally matched I can't believe there's Pizza this good all over Philadelphia forget the cheesesteaks go get some pizza this place kicks ass Caleb behind the bar treated me very well I would recommend this place to anybody who likes Pizza and wineDelicious pizza and friendly people! Short wait time and the food is always prompt and great!5 out of 5 for the pizza, but 1 out of 5 for the service. My boyfriend and I came here early on a Friday night and ordered a margherita pizza to go. We waited for a solid 30-45 minutes before we decided to ask the hostess (who had been passing by us every few minutes or so) if our pizza would be ready soon. She responded by asking "what was your name again?" in a rather rude tone, then proceeded to grab a pizza box that was buried under quite a few other boxes behind the bar (i.e. it was sitting there for a while). She handed us our pizza and didn't even apologize!
Horrible service aside, the pizza was pretty amazing. The crust is thin like real Italian pizza and not overloaded with cheese. The sauce was excellent although I couldn't really taste the balsamic as advertised on the menu, but the flavorful basil laves made up for it. The restaurant itself is cute inside and tucked away on a side street. They offer outdoor seating, although very limited. Perhaps we'll go back and try dining in, but we probably won't be ordering a pizza to go again anytime soon.It was around 9pm and we had been walking around Philadelphia looking for a place to eat.  Nothing was hitting us and every time we got excited about a place, we discovered they were closed.  We gave up and went to pick up our car from Patriot Parking on Chancellor street.  The person who I was with said "Let's just grab a slice of pizza over there."  Pointing to Pizzeria Vetri.  Neither of us really wanted pizza but we both half-heartedly agreed and walked across the street.
A.  It was one of the few places that we went to over our 3 day stay that had air conditioning.  So, it was pretty much the only time we were comfortable during our stay (even the hotel had awful air conditioning!).
B.  The place was clean and cute.
C.  The service was excellent and REALLY nice.
D.  The pizza was out of this world.  It was blackened on the bottom just as it should be.  DELICIOUS!!  We ordered 3 different pies and there was NOTHING left when we were done.
E.  We wanted to go back the next night to try the Nutella pizza but we weren't able to get back there.
I was really impressed and wish I could find a pizza place this good on Long Island.(to the sweet tune of Sia's "Elastic Heart")
And another patron bites the crust
Oh why can I not take his 'za?
And I know that I'm still waiting for ours....
Can't face this calzone without weapons.
Sure, they're just a fork and just a knife
And I wish that one was sharper, yeah.
But another patron bites the crust
Yeah, let's be clear, I'm going in....
You can't beat this dough....
I'll eat just one more piece.....
'cuz it's got crisp crust and the perfect cheese
Though sometimes it may flop in the breeze
Toppings can weight it down, this pizza's so thin
So eat it fast and you will win
Get yourself a rotolooooo
And bask in the glory of their dough.
Bask in the glory of their dough....
Just bask in the glory of their dough.
OK, now that THAT'S out of the way: last night was my first jaunt to Pizzeria Vetri's alley location. Nestled carefully on Chancellor street, semi-stealthy that you sort of have to hunt it down, we traipsed in ready to try one of everything. Except, their were three of us. So we decided to try one of three things. 
1. Pizza al Taglio: Large, rectangular slice of the day (meat and non-meat options available).
2. Salsiccia - fennel sausage, roasted fennel, tomato sauce, and mozzarella pizza
3. Calzone - Ricotta, prosciutto cotto, tomato sauce
The pizza al taglio that we got.... it was male. Which, in Italian, just means bad. It was admittedly later in the evening, maybe around 8-9... but this slice was dry and structurally unsound. The toppings that were advertised were present, but in lower quantities than expected AND they fell off so easily that it turned into a fork and knife job. Disappointing.
The salsiccia was not a new dish to any of us, but the pronounced fennel made it an absolute joy to devour. The crust was perfectly crispy, the sausage savory without overpowering the dish, and the fennel light and fresh. My personal favorite.
The real Cinderella story, for me, was the Calzone. Only, in this Cinderella story, she never quite makes it to the ball. She just looks fantastic getting there, and everyone still ends up pretty happy. See, the prosciutto and ricotta was tasty.... it just wasn't in every bite. Unfortunate, but the innards of a calzone are enigmatic and I can't imagine there's any way to fully control. The dish didn't come with enough sauce, though we requested more, it never made it our way. Oh well.
Otherwise, the service was impeccable. Our server, Sydney, was funny, friendly, and went with the flow (such as one of the dining party requesting "the first beer listed." and not caring what it was). She even went out of her way to hunt down the name of an artichoke liqueur we were discussing (Cynar, thanks Syd). The pizza, as per, was delish. The portions of the calzone full of meat and cheese were great. The taglio.... left much to be desired.
I love the options of sparkling water, the prices aren't cheap but aren't outrageous, and the communal tables was a fun setting. We also really dug the music all night.
We'll be back, but we'll probably stick to the classics.The vibe inside Pizzeria Vetri is nice and casual which I love. Next time I visit I would love to meet up with friends for dinner and sit at the counter.  This time, however, I can only speak to the take out.  I got take out from Pizzeria Vetri for two pizzas  - the Margherita and the Renato.  The Margherita is a classic and you can't go wrong - basil, mozzarella, and tomato Sauce.  The Renato had mozzarella, rosemary, olive oil, and sea salt.  Out of the two pizzas the Margherita was my favorite. It was so simple yet tasty and fresh.  The service was quick and friendly.
I would have to say that the location is a little odd to me.  It's behind walnut street sort of in the alley.  People that aren't locals to the area might have trouble finding it. The only reason I noticed it in the first place is that because a good friend lives in the building in front on walnut street.  Also, the pizzas are a little on the pricey side, however, I would consider them gourmet.Great beer selection! Casual atmosphere and picnic table bench style seating. We went very early for dinner so didn't have to wait for a spot at all. Not sure what the normal wait time is. 
This place can be no frills..they only have ice cream for dessert, I am vegetarian and the only non meat pizzas I could order was the margherita pizza. Luckily, it was fantastic! I think they have slices as an option but I was starving and got a small pizza that I shared with my boyfriend. He ordered a salad and tried to add chicken to which the waitress replied that they don't have chicken here. Note, I still give this place 4 stars. I think you just have to know what you are getting into. The food is quality though so we will definitely be back. 
The pizza is baked in a wood oven so the crust had that crispy taste and smell which I love.I've only been here once but it was a great experience.  Especially because I got to meet Marc Vetri!!  
My friends and I sat at the counter around the pizza ovens.  Great seats and great service.  We were able to see the kitchen in action.  The pizza was VERY good but not sure it's the best I've ever had. 
I love it's location.  Not your typical location and close to my home.
I do wish they had a full bar tho!This place opens till 1am on Friday and Saturday! Great for some late night bites and even after a drink or two early night. It wasn't busy at all when I came on a Saturday night which i was quite surprised. Hope they keep the hours extended. 
Tucked away in Rittenhouse area and across from a parking garage. There are two large tables outdoors but the view isn't so great because of the car park. But the place has a good enough reputation to be in a not so ideal location (like Elixr).
Tried the special slice of the day, the Figs which comes in Sicilian style--thick crusted. Also tried the rotolo which i'm not sure if it's a true italian food or a Vetri creation. It was very nice with generous crushed pistacchio. Can't wait to come back again.Just moved here from NYC and this wood fired pie is in that league!Thanks, Vetri clan for bringing the pizza joint to center city. I have been working my way through the menu, a different pizza each week. Sometimes with some pals, but I love that I can sit at the bar by the pizza oven, read my Inky and much on the daily Sicilian slice with the wood fired salad, or polish off most of a tonnato, or a margarita unmolested by over bearing wait staff or anything else for that matter. Is it my favorite pizza in all Philly, that prize goes to DiMeos, but is it my favorite place in CC to have some pie, chill, and be happy, you betcha!Pizza was good. Dough was a little too soft, but sauce was great! Good beer selection too. Overall, liked the vibe and family style eating.We came from out of town and were treated like old friends. So welcoming and friendly. We were blown away. The pizza was delicious and so was the gelato style soft serve. One of the most pleasant nights we've had in a long time.If you don't give this place 5 stars you don't know pizza, it's really that simple. Head chef John Sidotti is just amazing! Whether it is as simple as a margarita pizza or a pizza with braised duck this pizza is just incredible. The pizzas are thin crust and made with the freshest ingredients. We ordered two small pies and thought no way could we finish but they were so good we left nothing. And don't forget his salads, incredibly good. The food coupled with the vibe of this place makes it an absolute place to eat. And the service was just as good, our salad may have come out maybe 5 minutes after we ordered and they couldn't stop apologizing and took it off of our bill. We were like guys it's ok, really but I guess that's what makes great places great. If you are anywhere near center city philly you would be doing yourself an injustice if you do not visit Vetri.We ordered the Rittenhouse pizza, margarita, and a white pizza.  All were quite good. Our server was very sweet.  We waited about 15 minutes for a table and the service was relatively fast.  We would return.Stopped by on a late Sunday night and grabbed the last two seats at the bar.  Split the Maurizio and the Salsiccia pies - both were really tasty.  Service was great.  Would return for sure.Excellent pizza. Fun, light hearted atmosphere. We ordered the crudo and the salsiccia pizza. Both equally delicious! Love the thin crust. It's also super cool because we watched them prepare the whole thing. 
The service is great..very nice staff.Went to PV on Callowhill last year and loved it! This time not so much. Ordered sausage/fennel pizza and eggplant pizza. Both were tasty but the dough was a lot more chewy than crusty. Also the eggplant must have been pulled from the oven a lot longer than the sausage. It was actually cold. I know the oven is well over 600* so there's no reason for anything cold. Service was great as always. Hopefully it was just a one off. Oh as to the Bussiness it was 4th of July and there was only 8 people there.This place has become a go-to for me. Even though it's on a small side street across from the parking garage with no aesthetic appeal, the food rocks. The rotollo is a must for an app, and the renato (white) pizza is so delicious I never want it to end. The drinks are a bit kitschy and gimmicky (premixed cocktails in bottles) BUT that doesn't stop me from ordering them. The desserts aren't my favorite, won't lie- but that's not why you come here! Consistently delicious pizza on par with Bufad in a Rittenhouse location.. What could be better?!I've visited pizzeria vetri for a birthday dinner and on several other occasions. They do not disappoint ! I have tried their pepperoni pizza, salsiccia pizza, and several others that were had too long ago for me to remember. Their ingredients are so fresh and the crust has a perfect chewy texture. Tonight my bf and I sat at the pizza counter and it was really fun to watch the chefs put all of the different pizzas and Strombolis together. I have sampled their Caesar salad which has an odd dressing - my sister and I were not huge fans of it. Our service tonight was okay, not remarkable. But it's mostly pizza here so you cannot go wrong! I also had a glass of red wine that was on tap which I thought was really cool. Their garlic knots things are also delicious. I will definitely be back!I am giving Pizzeria Vetri 5 stars, as my sweetheart LOVED it...said it was the best pizza he had ever had.  I am not a pizza lover, so I was, not unexpectedly, underwhelmed.  We were lucky enough to be seated in front of the pizza makers and pizza oven, so we were entertained during our meal.  We also had a wood-fired salad, which was an interesting mix of yummy vegetables and pears--very unique. Lots of families and pizza lovers were dining there during Saturday lunch.I rarely do this but have to say something. I placed a VERY LARGE order at Pizzeria Vetri for a client gift, a very well known one at that here in the city. I called the day before and the nice girl on the phone told me that it was best to call in the next morning. I tried to explain that this was very timely and since it was going to be a little large, could they take it and have it prepped for the kitchen in the morning - first thing. She assured me this was not necessary. 
I followed her lead and called back the next morning - first thing - to place the order. It went fine and she assured me it would be ready as soon as we got there since we needed it to be ready to run out the door and take to our meeting. 
My colleague and I stopped in and the server told me that it was being "worked" on. I waited five more minutes and asked if everything was ok. She let me know that they put the last of it in the oven. I said that this was a problem as I was supposed to already be en route across town. When it was finally ready, it was 3 minutes before noon - when I was needing to be there. We signed our CC receipt and grabbed the many boxes. As we started towards the door a woman in a low cut tank top wandered up to us behind the bar and said "so what's going on here?" - we literally had no idea that she would be the "manager". We tried to avoid the conversation and just let her know very calmly that we were very late for a meeting after being promised our order would be ready and said we had to go but that we would not be back. She was really not able to handle a scenario like this. 
She then addresses us to let us know that "this was a restaurant" and "we cannot expect things to be ready on time (give it 15 extra minutes). I let her know that this was not what I was told and if so, I should be informed prior to it to allow for this extra "15 minutes". She told me that if we could talk to her like adults - she would listen. I felt like I was in some type of rom com or twlight zone spoof - was she kidding. We then said we were really late and that we could not believe this was her way of customer service. We were then 20 minutes late for our meeting and totally thrown off guard by the interaction we just had with such a high-profile associated restaurant - pizza place or not. 
Something like would never have happened when it was owned by Vetri and not Urban - as to be expected after such an acquisition. Not going back, enough said. 
Spend your money elsewhere - I suggest Slice.top 5 pizza in my 50 years.  perfect char crust, very good ingredients, beautiful, hot, and delicious.  had the prosciutto.Amazing pizza... Tasted like Italy 
Draft beer selection not the best...
We had the pepperoni and the prosciutto pizzas and they were amazing. Perfect thin crust with excellent ingredients...Popular local spot. The pizza is good, although horribly overpriced. I've eaten here twice now and the only exceptional pizza is the pepperoni. It is out of this world good. 
But the others are pretty mediocre. Dock Street Brewery on Baltimore Avenue in West Philly does way more interesting, inventive, delicious things with pizza than this overly trendy Center City joint. You get the feeling this place gets by on the name and location. 
Both locations in Center City are too cramped and over-crowded as well. It feels like you're eating at a cafeteria. In Fairmount, we had to sit outside at a massively slanted table and there was always a chance our food and drink was going to go falling off. None of the servers seemed to care. I'll be going here again because this place is very close to me and I enjoy the pepperoni at least, even though I have to mortgage my house to eat here. Maybe I'll do take-out next time?It pains me to write this review because I am a HUGE chef Vetri fan. 
Ok here goes : This place is just not up to snuff. 
There I said it. 
Maybe my expectations were just too high since I have been to Osteria, Amis, and alla spina but alas this did not meet any of the high standards I expect from Vetri restaurants. 
So I asked for things like can you add arugula to X-pizza? No. Can you add a fried egg? Uh- no. 
I mean I know that there are certain pizzas that have been formulated but a prosciutto pizza has had arugula and a fried egg added and with fabulous results. Where have I had this? Oh I remember  @ Osteria. But no I can't get it here- WTH? I mean I am paying for it so what does it matter if you have the ingredients? 
My prosecco was served in a wine glass. I know such a petty complaint but I don't like my prosecco in a wine glass - I like it in a flute. It just makes me happier. 
The pizza - the tomato sauce was light and flavorful. The mozzarella fresh- could have used more basil. Overall: okay. 
The server seemed uninterested - at best. There was a lot of milling around and talking among the staff/servers. I know they were slow and all - but you shouldn't neglect customers because you are refilling the water bottles. I saw a table get up and get their own utensils. I had to go and ask for our tab. Really? 
The pizza was fine but again not compares to the flavors of Osteria. I think I will stick to Osteria when I am craving a vetri pizza. That was my experience.One of the best pizzas outside of New York and New Haven. 
That's probably all I need to say. 
Super thin pie with fluffy crust is what separates this from the others. Pies come out very quickly so if you order more than one make sure they stagger the order so you can enjoy the crust while it is hot. 
If you are in Philly and looking for a pie this is your first choice!!The Rotolo ($4.5) is delicious! It was all delicious actually! We had the Margherita and the Quattro formaggi - both incredible! Very fast service and our food was brought out very quickly. Staff was friendly and it was awesome watching them make our pizza right in front of us! We just wandered in and I'm very glad we did! 
PS. The music took away from the authentic feel as it felt like a nightclub (if that's the worst thing I can say about this place, I think it should show that this place is pretty incredible)I went here last night with my partner, and it wasn't bad, but I was definitely expecting better from a Vetri restaurant.  Right off the bat, I felt like we were very rushed to order. My partner ordered the margherita, which I'd rank as a 4/5; it would've been better with smaller bits of basil, instead of 5 large pieces scattered throughout the pizza. My prosciutto crudo pizza was not good at all; soggy, in my opnion too much prosciutto, and I didn't like that the cheese (bufala?) + the proscitto, combined into making my pizza cool down very quickly.  I don't like eating cold pizza, and that's pretty much what I was eating by my second slice.
I prefer Nomad's pizza.Very disappointed in Pizza by the Slice! We stopped in for the first time on a weeknight after 9pm because the chalkboard sign at the front of the restaurant advertised pizza by the slice. What a disappointment! We ordered 3 slices of the special "Pizza by the Slice" assuming that it would be ready quickly but it took just as long as an order for a full custom pie. When the pizza arrived, it was just focaccia bread over-baked with minimal sauce and a few toppings thrown on top.  Not at all what we expected after waiting as long as we did. Meanwhile, everyone around us that ordered custom pies received thin, true italian pizza, not the focaccia crap we were eating.  And to top it off, we paid $23 for 3 slices of the over-cooked focaccia bread.  If we ever go back, we will order a custom pie. Marc - pizza by the slice is NOT your thing!The pizza here is really good, but very pricey.
Rotolo was decent. I liked the pistachio on top. It was a tad over cooked.
Salsiccia was nice. Expected it the more flavorful, but pretty standard pizza. I liked the old fennel flavor.
Crudo was the favorite. Nice balance with salty meat.
All the food came out really quickly, which was ideal because we were starving.
Service was okay. Sorta disappeared after the food arrived. Wish we could asked for red pepper flakes, but server was hard to flag down for that and the check.
Casual atmosphere. Quality pizza. Luxury pizza for sure.I came here with 2 friends on a Saturday night around 8:15pm, and we were seated at a bar right against the window. The space inside is open and modern.
We each ordered a drink or two off the drink menu; there's a pretty good selection of beer in bottles and cans. My friend and I split the Funghi Calzone (roasted mushrooms, garlic, scallions, ricotta, mozzarella, parsley) and the Quattro Formaggi Pizza (gorgonzola, mozzarella, smoked provolone, fontina). Both dishes were so delicious! The dough was crusty on the outside and soft on the inside - absolutely perfect.
I can't wait to come back and try some of the other pizzas!One of the best pizzas I have ever eaten.  We were out of town from Southern California and wanted to take our son out for a quick bite to eat near our air b&b.  The reviews looked promising for this establishment.  We were not disappointed.  The service, food, and wine was awesome.  I am a fan of thin crust pizza, and was not disappointed by my pepperoni and mushroom pizza.  The service was above my expectations.  They had an event that night that stopped table service 5 minutes before we arrived.  They were very accommodating to our being from out of town and sat us immediately.  If there was anything negative to say about Pizza Vetri, it would be the view.  The lot next to them was in the middle of a major construction project.  Otherwise we will be going back next time we are in Philadelphia!1. The play list came directly from the recesses of my mind. ATCQ, Wu Tang, and Mos Def in succession? Yes, only God could have thought of that. First win. 
(And then Nas came on)
2. Salads, pizza from heaven, and a great beer list. 
3. Super awesome service. 
4. Communal seating.Disaster. Dirty fridges in the front. Cash only. Greasy film ion everything including the tables. The cheese pizza with hot sauce was good.  $4 for a slice and a bottled drink is good for the area.The pizza here is super fresh and thin crust! I've had the four cheese pie, the eggplant melanzana pie, and the one on special topped with corn! All were great and the ambiance is good for a casual outing and artisan styled pizza. Good for a group of friends or family. Strongly recommend to any pizza lover!Great pizza and awesome salads  don't miss this 
Love the crust and man do they cook it fast@pizzeriavetri Chopped salad, Lost Abbey Avante Garde on draft, and the Margherita Pie with added Buffala Mozzarella.  Airy, light, flavorful, crisp, and vibrantly sweet San Marzanos hitting the palate with a fresh hint of acidity.  Excellent!
Folks here are helpful and nice.  Worth hitting for a late lunch.A casual, sit-down pizza place that's just right for a happy hour or dinner of good conversations. +1 for out-there pizza toppings that work so well together. Tuna on a pizza, how does that even work?
The "personal pizzas" are big enough to share. The staff is delightful, and the restaurant is tucked away in a quiet alley.
The sausage/fennel pizza and the corn pizza were amazing. I'll be back to try the more adventurous selections!Disappointing despite multiple visits. After eating at the Callowhill location, I was so pleased to see another great location for some amazing pizza. Unfortunately, this location is not able to deliver the quality of the original. The pizza is good, but not great and inconsistent. Some pizzas are undercooked/soggy, or half good and half soggy. The toppings are more haphazard in application. The service is also not up to par of the original, despite having fewer customers. Drinks are frequently forgotten or incorrect. Still very good pizza, but for their price go to the original Pizzeria Vetri or pay less for similar quality elsewhere.Great thin crust Neapolitan style pizza! Love that you can sit at the bar and watch the pizzas be made. It was a really cool option to see all the fresh ingredients. 
We had the pizza with mozzarella, olive oil and rosemary. It was very good. I loved the parts that were crispy and a little burnt! Our server recommending adding fresh bufalo mozzarella so we did that with half. We actually like the side better without it because we thought the bufalo mozz made that side of the pizza a bit soggy. 
We definitely want to go back to try the regular Margherita pizza and all the many options on the menu! But, friendly staff and great pizza make Pizzeria Vetri a good spot in center city!OH so good. I love their pizza. best in philly. Pretty relaxed but still hipster/trendy vibe inside. I like sitting at the pizza bar and watching the assembly line/ cozying up near the wood burning stove!Placed a takeout order online, was given a time of 20 minutes. Even called and they said about 15 minutes.  I showed up around the 20 minute mark and still waited an additional 27 minutes. 
Food was good though.We went here for dinner last night (Saturday) and sat at the bar. The bartender was very friendly, but not the most attentive. We twice had to ask for another round after waiting 5 minutes while he cleaned glassware. It wasn't that crowded. The pizza is pretty good. I don't have anything bad to say about that. But the Caesar salad we ordered was sent out with brown lettuce (see photo). It was overall just gross. And when we didn't eat it no one asked if there was anything wrong. So we paid $10 for spoiled lettuce. Their staff needs better training. I'daybe come back and just have pizza and a beer but wouldn't expect anything too over the top. I wonder if they're just leveraging the Vetri name but aren't investing in good training and quality.I ordered a take out at pizzeria vetri and they gave pizza to many guys who came after me before getting my simple pizza after a long time. The manager looking guy apologized to the guys who came after me for being late but not to me. I decided to cancel my order after waiting too long. The manager looking guy did not apologize, but told me he wanted to "discuss." I just left. Maybe because I did not look good enough for this place. Got a sad impression that they do not treat customers equally.The best pizza you ever had, however the place is so loud you can not talk to the people your with. Placed are order and when we got it it was wrong because the server could not hear up to take the order.I have enjoyed this casual pizzeria a couple of times during visits to Philly.  My most recent pie was the Crudo which is topped with prosciutto crudo, bufala mozzarella, and parmigiano.  The beer and wine selections are always a delight to pair with the well-cooked pizza dishes.YUMMY!  I have been here a few times and have meant to post a review. This is a staple for rittenhouse area. The pizza is delicious and consistent, The rotolo is amazing, and they have a great beer selection that rotates appropriately. 
I have never made it to dessert here but have witnessed others enjoying it. 
I have had the Caesar, the shaved cauliflower, the arugula and the roasted vegetable salads and all are unique and delicious. 
I recently had an out of town visitor that commented she couldn't wait to return to Philly for the rotolo.....this place is that good...you can't stop thinking about going back. I'm glad it's "in my backyard".Came by around 5pm on a Friday night and was virtually empty. Went in with two friends and we got 3 small pizzas. Perfect. Each had 2 slices of each pizza. Let us try a variety, all were great. Music was also great, I was jammin the entire time. 5 for service 5 for food.Pretty good. Cool, clean retro environment. Pizza was good. Great? No. But beats a lot of places. The salad was pretty good. Dressing was excellent.It tastes like my favorite pizzas from NYC, or better. The soft serve Ice Cream was delicious too- brings back lots of good childhood memoriesPizza was made perfectly. I love the taste of a thin crust that is evenly cooked throughout. I also love the atmosphere and the opening in the front of the store. The staff are wonderful and the beer selections are good. My only complain is that it is pretty pricy for a pizza.I find myself coming again and again.  Hands down the best pizza this side of Napoli. I had the sausage with carmelized onions snd fennel. Outstanding. Washed it down with anorher. Also had the Margarita. Can't get enough...Nuf said.I live around the corner and was super excited to hear that Rittenhouse was getting a new thin crust joint. Not really a fan of the other place on Walnut. I'm glad to say that I've become a regular patron, I've tried a wide variety of the pizzas from the menu and they're all pretty solid. A stand out for me is the rosemary pizzas, simply a cheese pizza with a little EVO and rosemary.  I tried the pizza a taglio a couple times, it's ok, the dough was a little too much and reminded me more of a Sicilian slice then pizza a taglio.Pizza was awesome & quick.  The place is a hip, fast casual pizzeria - we didn't expect fine dining service.  Would definitely go back for the pizza!  We had the crudo & sausage pies.Good, but didn't live up to the price or the hype.  The eggplant pizza was delicious, but the standard margherita was just ok.  The crust was delicious, but sadly got a little soggy but the end of the meal.  The ceasar salad looked amazing when it came - beautiful eggs and anchovies - but then was disappointingly bland.  Nice atmosphere, quick service... but not what I was hoping (or paying) for.Most favorite and addicting pizza ever. 
Came a couple of times recently and the staff was really great! Very friendly and open/willing to explain things and help with requests and accommodations. And even when ordered more to take home after our meal they tried their best to give it with enough time to catch the train.  
Favorite is the special fig Sicilian slice that comes a couple of times in the summer. Be sure to ask for it without the speck if you don't eat pork.I've been to Pizzeria Vetri in Rittenhouse twice and have ordered take out multiple times through a 3rd party delivery service. Everything we've had is fantastic. It's pretty much the dream restaurant if you enjoy good food, don't want to burn a whole in your pocket, but also are looking to dine somewhere that provides ambiance and takes pride in the presentation and quality of your meal. They also have a fabulous happy hour, where you can eat Rotolo to your heart's content for cheap. I wouldn't do it justice to describe the Rotolo, but do yourself a favor and go try it. Oh and we tried a calzone the other night with prosciutto and ricotta, equally well executed! Service was great both times -- servers are knowledgeable of the food and beverage. Their Fairmount location is equally enjoyable.In town for work and searched around on Yelp for good pizza. Yes, that's right, pizza, not the usual cheesesteak. Didn't make to Teconellis but really glad I found this place since it's more on the Neapolitan persuasion. If you have trouble asking for directions, it's on a side street off of 16th. Look for the Fedex Office and also not far from Warwick hotel. I kinda felt like Rocky running around the streets with no help from my google maps, kept rerouting me. The restaurant is somewhat open with large shared tables, great for groups after work or just hanging out for hockey game. The pizza oven is the focal point as it should be. I also like the option of eating right by the kitchen to watch them make your pizza. I had the crudo and highly recommend it. I loved the saltiness and nuttiness from the parm coupled with the char in the dough. The buffalo moz and prosciutto gave it that full fatty flavor to round it out. Their pizza sauce is balanced and provides a good base for their wide variety of toppings. I would go with a five star except that I prefer my dough with slow slightly more air or lighter I guess. Overall, the pizza was really good, service was great, and the modern to alt music just added to the experience.We had an awesome experience at this place! We sat at the bar which they make the pizza in front of you....the ingredients were fresh &of very high quality. The location is also very interesting as it's sits mid block in an alley. I highly recommend this place for its great pizza and fantastic service.Best pizza in Philly.  Actually, best pizza on the East Coast outside of Frank Pepe's in New Haven, CT.  (note:  I've not had enough NYC offerings to fully substantiate this claim)
Got a crudo pie while dining in and it left my fingertips black from the char on the crust.  Great snap and chew to said crust.  Cheese ratio perfect.  So so good.  Ordered a large to the hotel the next day and it arrived cold (with no microwave) so I can't really evaluate that'un, but even cold (margherita) it was top-notch.  
Cannoli was outstanding too...only gripe was that it had the filling piped into the edges and then it all oozed out.  The middle of the shell was bone dry, so they obviously didn't fill it enough.  Still tasted great though.After a few co workers raved about the best pizza ever, I don't said I have to go see for myself. Honestly, I don't see the big deal for pizza that you would need to eat 3 whole ones to be filled and are burnt to a crisp.  Pricey for a mouse size pizza.Best pizza in Philly.  Thank goodness they changed the music.  Much better.
The seating is urban, Euro-style.  If you don't like sharing a table (like in a high school cafeteria), go someplace else.  That being said, you will miss A plus pizza due to your own need for personal space.  That's on you.  Seriously, this 70 year old woman gave us the stink eye for taking the middle 4 seats in a long table of 10.  
We love this pizza. We don't even need a menu.I had an extremely positive experience at Vetri Pizzeria today.  I know the pizzas are the best in Phila...that's a given...with a nane like Vetri.
I did not expect the staff to be so kind and thoughtful.
Gabriella took my order and offered to wrap it to make it convenient for me to carry and ofered to walkr it to  the corner when I told her I walk with a cane.  I was so moved by her thoughtfulness!!
The Vetri organization does it all so welll
Marc  Vetri must be a wonderful person because he has a temendous staff.Bummer!! I guess the moral of this story (or this review) is not to get delivery. Not sure if we are willing to try again but if we do we will to go in person. We have been eager to try the calzone and Margherita pie. After much anticipated wait for a delivery, opening the box was a bit of a disappointment. The calzone looked great but when we cut into it, it was like a giant ham sandwich with one little dot of ricotta cheese. Far too much ham and hardly a taste of ricotta. Most calzones I have enjoyed through my whole life havebeen just the opposite, and I kinda like it that way. There was so much ham inside that after we cut it the box filled with water. It was instantly soggy. The pizza tasted like cardboard and the cheese look like it was never melted. From what we could salvage from the calzone, the crust was good flavor but the majority of it was inedible due to the water soaking the dough. Such a sad meal in our house today.Yummmm! We ordered the margarita and the zucca (seasonal pie with squash, veggies, and walnut pesto). Although the margarita was the better between the two, the zucca was unique, something different from the usual specialty combos. And it's only here for the season, so why not? Splitting 2 small pies between the three of us was perfect. Lots of bigs tables so it's a great place for group dinners and the service was very friendly. You also get a free rotolo for signing up to their mailing list online!Very very comparable to true Italian pizza. The fewer the ingredients, the better. It allowed me to taste how great and well made the dough was and really amplified each individual flavor on the pizza that much more. The prosciutto pizza was hands down the crowd favorite, and even my food critical dad enjoyed every last bite (That's a huge feat to overcome). We're always looking for a pizza place that's comparable to Italian pizza and I think we may have just found the one.First time at this location and I love it. It's very laid back in terms of the atmosphere with plenty of seating. 
For two, we ordered a Rotolo and the Salsiccia (fennel sausage pizza). The Rotolo was very flavorful and I loved the crunch the pistachios brought to the dish! My friend thought that the dish was a bit salty due to the amount of ham in it. The pizza was delicious! The fennel brought an slightly sweet/earthy refreshing taste to the pizza. The crust was thin and crunch and all the ingredient tasted very fresh!
Definitely recommend and I plan to be back to try their other pizzas!This place is wild, because when I think Vetri, I usually think something more fine dining oriented. The pizza here is great, crust that is just the right amount of crispy, well thought out toppings, and great cheeses. May not be a great place for vegetarian pizza, just because most of the specialty pizzas seem to be meat oriented.
I wasn't thrilled with the rotolo, personally, just because the pistachios seemed to go everywhere, and it was a texture that for me personally didn't seem to go with the bread. Maybe they were having an off night with them, but I haven't tried them since.
My one piece of advice would be to go on a crowded and busy night. It might seem strange, but their pizzas are out very quickly. I noticed the second time we went (on a slower night) that the crust didn't seem as crispy as the first night. I'm thinking they might run their oven a little hotter on busy nights to keep things moving even quicker, and I honestly thought that pizza was a bit better. Also really liked the atmosphere, and despite the restaurant seeming very crowded, we were seated very quickly!Location is less than ideal, the other location is so much better.  You can't go wrong with any of their pies.  We particularly love the margherita with extra cheese and malazano.  Also, the taglio slice is definitely worth trying as is their unique and delicious soft serve!The pizzas are nicely done and have great toppings.  Calzones are a bit "bready".My friend lives in the icon building connected to this place. We were very excited to hear a pizza shop was opening up literally right outside of his building.. the problem is that the pizza is not good. Service is good, beer is good, but the pizza is mediocre at best. Ive had brick oven pizza done the right way, so its not just the style.. its the fact that every pizza i've ever had here is doughy and undercooked (charred around the edges but white doughey in the center). The best pizza they have is the nutella desert one.. the rest is overpriced and a generic example of the kind of places that pop up in rittenhouse square all too frequently. I would much rather go to slice on sansom for a pie nearby. This plays tries to be so gourmet that their pizza is trash.I FINALLY visited pizza Vetri on New Years Day. I live nearby, and have been wanting to try it for a while. I was very happy, and so were my tastebuds!  
Its small, so you walk in and there's likely a wait, but the servers are soooo friendly and everyone kept us informed where we'd be sitting, and how long the wait would be. Great communication! We only waited maybe 5-10 minutes, awesome! 
I had the beet & goat cheese slice special, which was sooo damn good I didn't want to share it with my friends! It was on a special square-type bread, not normal pizza crust, which was even better! I also had the Rotolo, which is only $4.50 for a delicious taste of dough, cheese, and pistacchio pesto all rolled up together in a ball. Delicious! 
My friends ordered a large pepporoni pizza, which isn't my pizza of choice, but they seemed to scarf it down. Also a small Marinara pizza which looked and smelled amazing. 
I'll come back! The food and service was excellent. The prices for single-serve items were good, but I thought the pizza prices were a bit steep. But overall, I reeeeeaaaaally like this place!Very disappointing. The heirloom salad that was on the Specials list was a bit of arugula, a few chunks of cheese with mostly grape tomatoes. When I questioned the hostess about it she said they're heirloom cherry tomatoes. Sure, maybe one or two halved but the rest were grape tomatoes by their shape. Pizza was fine, service acceptable at best. And please put some pads on the bottom of chair legs, it sounds like a high school cafeteria every time one is moved. Won't go back, poor value for the cost.Trust me on the following: Crudo Pizza and the Wasserbombe Hefeweizen. Thank me later. We waited 45 mins to be seated, mainly because we were a party of 5. The server was great...super nice. We shared the Rittenhouse pizza and the Margarita along with the Crudo. All of them were great but the Crudo was exceptional. It's the perfect balance of prosciutto and two cheeses. We didn't order dessert but the table next to us did and it looked incredible. They had the Nutella pizza. I HIGHLY recommend the place!Went there to end the night. Staff was pleasant and the Pizza (fennel sausage) was pretty good. I loved the blistered almost burn crust the best. As for the pizza toppings,  it was missing a little flavor. I also like the fact that I was able to get a few bottles of beer to take with me back to the hotel.Exceptional Italian style pizza. Had the Italian sausage with prosciutto added. Very good, would recommend!Such a good experience at Pizzeria Vetri. Two of us split a small crudo pizza and butternut squash salad. Both delicious and it was plenty of food. We also ended the night with Affogato (sweet cream soft serve with espresso poured over it). Delicious!Came here on a Saturday evening for a quick bite with a friend. We sat at the bar by the pizza oven. It wasn't the most spacious bar but watching them put together he pizzas was fun. We got pepperoni and four cheese pizzas. So. Good. The four cheese pizza is incredibly cheesey and rich, really decadent. 
Our server was lovely and the beer selection is great!We were part of the group who have had good experiences at the Callowhill location and are excited to have a closer location. The pizza is authentic Italian-style pizza that is very flavorful and sized well. My wife and I split a single pizza and were pretty happy with the portions. Wait staff is friendly and efficient. We really like the outdoor and open window seating, but the view (a parking garage) is a little amiss. Overall, very happy with the pizza and will be back soon.Absolutely loved how the staff took a situation that looked like lemons and made it into the best lemon cheesecake imaginable. Arrived by cab from downtown to discover no indoor seating available for my family of four (including two children who were not dressed to spend a lot of time in the chilly air). We got an outside table near a heater and enjoyed giant salads and an enormous free pizza (courtesy of a chef error from a different table). The large size pepperoni pizza that we also ordered was beyond words - it came out on a plank and was so large that it left us speechless. When counter space inside became available, my kids voted to stay outside! The staff was unbelievably level-headed and smooth on a night where the place was packed beyond capacity. We spent barely over $100 for food and wine but left a $50 tip because of their incredible courtesy and attention. This is a true gem.Awesome pizza, casual ambience. Pizza came out fast. Do yourself a favor and order the Rotolo. Convenient for large group work lunches.As a cook myself and love what Vetri does in general...I was sadly disppointed when I ordered out for pizza. Reading the menu was impressive but compared to the prices and seeing what I actually walked to pick up.....I should've stop on the way home to grap some snacks since this wasn't going to fill me and my friends. The biggest kicker was the prosciutto calzone which was actually regular ham for 16$ you would hope the box was edible? Walking out with 3 pizzas and a calzone the size of a Hobbits shoe....total cost was $64 was the biggest kick in the balls. After  eating it which the pizza was very good..
But still hungry and my wallet empty ......I wish the boxes were edible......Smh clear sign when a amazing chef sells out and the quality isn't the most important thing but just how much $ one can make.OMG this is good, fresh pizza, baked in a wood fired oven as the good lord intended. Great service that is a little above your average pizza place and great salads to go with your pizza.  I will definitely make this one of my regular lunch spots.This place would get 5 stars if not for the communal seating.  The pizza is awesome, the service is top notch and you have to try the pizza dough donuts with nuttella.This place has great pizza! It's definitely a popular spot, so be prepared to wait. We came at an odd time - around 3pm on a Saturday and it was still packed. I loved how much basil they put on the margherita pizza too. The service wasn't spectacular - my bf and I ordered a pizza and a calzone and they didn't come out at the same time. Our server told us they mistakenly gave the calzone to a different table and he'd give us a dessert on the house to make up for it. It wasn't a big deal but we never got the dessert. Our server just seemed busy and not the friendliest. Overall a solid pizza spot though.This was my first time here. I got one slice of each slice of the day which was a (meat) Sicilian with tomato sauce, prosciutto, cheese, and oregano; the second slice (veg) had kale,corn,onions, oregano, and Parmesan? I got takeout so the pizza dough was chewy. Anyway both slices were too thick for my liking and the meat option was extremely dry. There wasn't as much flavor as I would have liked. The vegetarian slice taste was good but the toppings weren't cooked into the pizza it was layed on top and fell off when I took a bite.  I went to Beddia Pizzeria and my friend said he preferred Vetri's. I don't really think Vetri's is a competitor but I'll have to try the regular pies to truly determine that.    This place gets 3 stars because of the flavor profile on the kale pie and the server I had was extremely friendly and accommodating.I can't get enough of the good pizza here! It really reminds me of Naples Italy. If you like thin crust authentic Italian pizza this is for you. 
Try to specials and my favorite is the one with the eggplant and ricotta cheese. I forgot the name but it is delicious so just ask for it. 
Oh and stay for dessert! The Nutella Pizza is amazing. It's like a sandwich with dough and creamy chocolate hazelnut spread in between! Amazing. 
Compliments to Chef Marc Vetri. :)Went here on a Friday night just before a movie. Was scrambling to find something quick and good. Stumbled upon this place on Walnut with a moderate crowd. This place is absolutely huge that is actually pretty full but had a few tables open. Promptly waited upon. Beer selection was very good (diverse), but the pizza was the authentic. Thin pie that is brick oven style cooked. The ingredients were very fresh and the crust was perfectly baked. Ordered the Salsiccia which came with a nicely spiced italian sausage. Great ratio of sauce, cheese and toppings. Will def. come backPizzeria Vetri was a huge hit with our party of 5.  We started with a Caesar salad for the table and two 'rotollos' to share. They were delicious and some people's favorite part of the meal. We decided to split 3 pizzas and it was the perfect amount. We had a pepperoni pizza and it had nice crispy pepperoni and lots of it. We had a 4 cheese pizza. It had a strong Gorgonzola flavor, so don't get this one unless you like that (luckily we all do!). For our third pizza we got the maurizio which had a nice rosemary flavor. All of the pizzas were great and I would get them all again. The 4 cheese and maurizio are very similar, since they are both white pizzas, so if you want to try a variety of flavors you might want to just pick one of these and go with a couple of different ones too. 
We couldn't resist the dessert pizza! It was basically a s'mores quesadilla with pizza dough as the tortilla. Super yummy and the pizza dough did a good job cutting the sweetness of a very lush Nutella and marshmallow filling!
They have a good selection of beers and wine for such a small place. 
The pizzas came out quickly, but the rest of the service was slightly inattentive. You really had to flag down your waiter and it was hard to keep track of who that was.Ordered the neapolitan pizzas. Received nice tasting pizzas, if you can get over the super toasty burned crust. Didn't take a picture of the pizza itself, but I did take a picture of the aftermath. You might as well eat a couple of charcoals to be frank.
Go with the metro pizzas since they're thicker and shouldn't burn as easily.
If you insist on getting neapolitan pizzas, drown it in parmesan and red pepper flakes to get the bitter taste out of your mouth.Maybe a weekday afternoon is not the best time to come here. The pizza,   some fennel sausage concoction, had a burned crust which gave it a bitter taste. The fennel sausage was almost non-existent; our server said that extra was available (at additional cost) but at those prices, adequate sausage should have been provided. It was also dry due to lack of tomato sauce. I didn't expect it to be slopped onto the crust but the Oliver Twist portion left much to be desired. The mozzarella almost choked me going down; it wasn't sufficiently melted and took much mastication. All in all, it was a disappointing experience. All I wanted was a nice slice or two of pizza w/sliced mozzarella and a few toppings. What I got was a gentrified mini pizza that appeared to be made by a high school home ec student. The prices are justified by neither the portions nor the taste.
On a positive note, our server Daniella was a sweetheart and the gelato was tasty.
In the future I will avoid this place like an antibiotic-resistant STD and venture to South Philly for a decent pizza.Quality fresh ingredients, slow fermentation, whole grain flour, and a wooden-fired oven makes the perfect equation for a delicious authentic pizza. Very kind and hospitable employees made dining here a joy. I had the Margherita which was simple yet fabulous! www.pizzeriavetri.comI'm italian from Napoli, and I can certify the pizza is really good, but slightly salty... The service is very fast... Overall I would recommend itI love this place! It's so good and delis opus I would come again every week if I couldPizzeria Vetri was amazing all around! We sat outside since we had our dog with us, the staff brought out a water bowl and water carafe for our dog! We ordered the large four cheese pizza with pepperoni and some drinks. The large/metro pizza was huge and more than enough for us both. Our waiter, Cole, was AMAZING! He was incredibly nice, knowledgeable, and brought out a second pie because our large pizza ended up on "smaller" side (definitely didn't look like it to us). The customer service and quality of food was phenomenal, highly recommend!So excited pizzeria vetri has opened up in Center City!
This place is a must try! Super casual dining setting for extraordinary food. A great place to come on a casual date or after the bars. Just wish they were open later. 
Must try: The crudo- prosciutto crudo, bufala mozzarella, parmigiano. It is the best pizzas I have had in Philadelphia.Ordered from here to pick up and they said 15 minutes. It took 45. Got home and the pizza was burnt and cold. If its gonna be burnt, it should at least be warm. Go somewhere else.I recently went there for the first time for lunch with 2 friends. I like that their menu is limited to pizzas and salads. They also have a few beers available, along with a house white and red wine. We decided to share a carafe of the red (which was smooth), along with margherita, the Maurizio (simple white pizza with Rosemary) and the wood oven salad. All were delicious. The crust was thin and light and had the classic wood oven taste. 
As others have said the location is not ideal. Also there are picnic style tables that are shared with others, along with a few hightops. We didn't mind but not conducive to having a private conversation.I have been to both Pizzeria Vetri locations many times and I have to say, I have never been disappointed. The salads are always fresh, delicious and unique and, most importantly, the pizza is absolutely delicious. My husband and I talk about our cravings for it all the time! The majority of the menu is pizza--reinforcing the notion that it's ok to do one thing, as long as you do it really well. I take all out of town guests here and everyone loves it. I had a friend from NY with me today and she was no different! Our server was Cole, who I have had before and he was great...all the servers are always attentive and friendly.
The white pizzas are our favorites--the Quattro formaggi, crudo and white with rosemary (don't know the name) are all so good. I also highly recommend the fried dough with Nutella for dessert. You will not regret your decision.
I have to say, the one major drawback can be that it's a bit pricey--the reason I did not give 5 starts. That being said, we go anyway :)I LOVE this pizza. I always get the white pizza and it's so good and flavorful and a nice change from regular pizza.  I got takeout before and it was also super fast.Vetri has the best happy hour and the pizza is terrific. Wait staff is outgoing and attentive. Sit at the bar that overlooks the kitchen and watch the pizzas being made. I have been here 3 times in the last month.On a freezing New Year's Day, we braved the cold to find lunch. I assumed any place open near Broad Street would be packed, but there were only a few people inside when we arrived. That is everyone else's loss, because this was some seriously good food. (Looked like they did some solid business via Caviar, though.)
It was my last meal in the city, and Pizzeria Vetri made it count! We shared a salad of arugula and cheese and olives in a lemon dressing. It was so good my husband said he would love it even without the cheese--and he loves cheese.
We also shared a white pizza with rosemary. It was delicious. The crust was perfect--delicate but held up to the melted cheese--and their cheese is great. I love brick oven pizza, but theirs is far better than most. After such a great meal, we had to try some dessert. The soft-serve was excellent--even on a 10-degree day, we devoured it.
If I lived in the city, I'd spent a lot of my money here.Pizza was aight but we wanted 1/2 of each (2) pizzas with no cheese and then they made aa
Naked pizza, then told us the problem about cheese sliding through the pizza very ~artisanal~ but then we got another naked pizza and finally one with cheese. Our waiter was confused but was very chill and had a nice laugh with us.Marc Vetri is a talented man--and clearly Urban Inc. has rewarded him for his talents! Mazel tov to you sir! 
My mom and I stopped by this Pizzeria Vetri outpost and were far from disappointed. The pizza crust was good, but the toppings were even better. Great sauce and excellent selection. We had the stracciatella cheese pizza and the eggplant--definite standouts that I'd happily eat again anytime. 
The staff is very friendly and happy to make helpful suggestions. The little ones enjoying their pizza at the counter looked pretty happy too--so it's a great family option!Quality pizza and food. The restaurant is very casual. If you are looking for a more intimate restaurant recommend going to Vetri. This was perfect for dinner (or lunch) after a day of shopping and wandering the city. The wait staff is extremely friendly and helpful. The service is quick and they do a great job clearing the tables. For three people, we got the Caesar salad to start. The Caesar is excellent and classic. The dressing is homemade and lettuce was fresh. 
We then shared two pizzas, the fig and prosciutto (seasonal) and the sausage. Recommend the both though i really liked the figs. 
Great place to stop by for a quick bite. The bar menu is also excellent and have a good happy hour special!The food was very good and we were seated at the bar area.  The only issue I had was the next day our clothes smelled like the kitchen.  I am glad we had been wearing washable clothes.  I called the restaurant and they we apologetic and offered to have our clothes dry cleaned.  I hope they make the changes to the ventilation as the food is very good.I went here once and got take out once... I was not impressed. The Caesar salad tasted like pure anchovy-- definitely not appealing. I ordered the margarita pizza and the one with eggplant. Both I found to be only okay. I felt as though there was more crust than sauce/toppings and the pizza lacked flavor. I also found the pizzas to be very small for $14. The best things I had were the affogato and cookies, but those are not unique to this restaurant.This is a really odd Pizzeria in my opinion.  While I wanted to love the food and we did enjoy it very much, we felt rushed and the service was stiff and unhelpful. Nary a smile in the place as it was all work and churning out great small...did I say small fresh Pizzas with various flavor profiles.  The alley way on chancellor street is an eyesore but the Morgan Hotel group 
will have the front entrance of their new 9 story hotel right across from the Pizzeria...Brilliant and fortunate.  The oven counter seating is cool and the Pizza Oven puts out tremendous
heat so choose your seats wisely.  
  I saw several of the Rittenhouse glitterazi with singles, dates, solo and kids and the servers were equally unhelpful and uncaring and rarely smiled.  They are certainly not kid friendly
like Stella although you would think that they could give the kids something to occupy them or at least hand them a small piece of dough to roll etc. But at $30 for a tiny Lobster Pizza 
Vetri's Pizza dough may soon be a black market item.  Ok, past the service bashing, the pies were excellent in balance and consistency, the Margherita was sensational and the Rittenhouse with lobster delicious. I watched them make a Calzone that I will order next time
that was spot on with Proscuito and other goodies.  We had some Fior di latte soft serve that the waitress could not wait to tell us was vanilla...please Rittenhouse kids are weaned on this from Capogiro....ha They know their gelato but Vetri's was "wow"   They have a small bar and about 40 seats and they are open
11 AM to 11 PM and weekends until 1 AM.  We will be back and hopefully the staff will
have fun and let some personality out! It's Pizza guys, not 13th and Spruce fine dining!I'm a huge fan of Pizzeria Vetri on Callowhill and was excited that it opened up in Rittenhouse. 
The food is still top notch, with the same menu plus a special pie for the location called the "Rittenhouse" with lobster. 
However, I have to take one star off this location's review on Yelp because of the lack of the same feel. The restaurant is located on Chancellor street which is essentially a back alley with a bunch of parking lots and dumpsters (far enough so you don't actually smell them). The place is a lot darker inside and a little more cramped. 
I will still be a patron of this restaurant, but will always think of how much more scenic the Callowhill location is.Had a quick dinner here before a concert tonight.  It's right around the corner from my hotel,  the Warwick at Rittenhouse. Really good service,  friendly,  relaxed atmosphere. We just got a marguerita pie which was good but the arugula salad blew me away. Simple, fresh, perfectly seasoned and dressed. And who would ever think to put some potatoes in a salad.
I'm from NYC but would come back here my next time in Philly.I was thoroughly enjoying myself at this restaurant until my waitress greeted our table and then went missing for practically the rest of the night.  When I commented to my friend who had dined at this location twice before, she had the same issue.  My major wtfs were:  it took forever to take our cocktail order, after she took our appetizer order and finally brought it out..she brought out a pizza stand..we hadn't ordered our pizzas yet because she had forgotten to take that order, we had to hunt her down for 2nd beer, ordered desserts and couldn't finish them and of course had to hunt her down again to get a box.  1 word that describes the experience was annoying.  The food was really good but service sucked.  I would recommend going to the Callowhill location..it seems like they run a tighter ship and the view of the parking garage is kind of a buzz kill.This is very unique but pretty expensive in my opinion. For starters it is a little small. For my beverage choice I got a rosemary lemonade, it was so light and refreshing!
As far as the pizza goes theh have some normal pizza options such as the margarita and they have some other options that are way different than the traditional style.
We got a pizza with tuna it was good but not really my cup of tea. We also got the seasonal special it had lamb and peas on it. Reminded me of a flat bread. Had a very good mix of flavors 
Great for uniqueness but city prices were a bit much!The pizza here was ON POINT. Plus, they had Tired Hands Hazy Jane II on tap....
Great pizza + Great craft beer = winning combo!
The only reason why this isn't 4 stars is that the bartender forgot our pizza order and didn't apologize. This wasn't a big deal as I was enjoying some Hazy Jane, but some sort of apology would have gone a long way.Fantastic pizza and awesomely friendly service, even at 10pm!  Good options for vegans too!!I've heard lots of great things about this place and finally got a chance to try it out the other day.  The atmosphere is very casual with open seating and an open view of the kitchen. The menu has nice options that aren't the usual pizza fare. We ended up going for the Trentino, and the big version as we both wanted the same thing.  
The pizzas are thin crust but not too thin they are crunchy. The whole flavor of the pie was delicious. The pork speck and balsamic was such a great combo! My brother honestly wanted the whole thing to himself! We really enjoyed the casual atmosphere and even made some new friends with the family seated next to us. 
The staff was superb from the moment we arrived. Greeted with a smile and our waitress was funny and spot on with timing and her suggestions for beers.  It's a great place for a casual but and a great place for a date too since the food is so good you'll want to make it a tradition!The pizzas are thin crust and delicious. We went for lunch and each got our own small pizzas and devoured them all. Also got the sausage calzone which had pizza sauce inside it already. It was great, food comes out quickly here too. Wish the calzone could have had the classic ricotta inside too but still was delicious.I wanted to love this place and was so excited to have it in my neighborhood. We went on a Friday night and it was busy but not filled to capacity. The V and T bottled cocktail was good but nothing to write home about. Our biggest complaint was the rushed pacing of the service. Our drinks, salad, and appetizer arrived within 5 minutes of sitting down and all at once. The pizza came out 3 minutes later. There wasn't even room for it on the counter where we sat. Not only that- it seems like they were in such a hurry to get the pizza out that some of the cheese was hardly melted, the pie wasn't hot, and the dough was mushy. If I come back I will definitely ask them to slow the pace and cook the pizza a bit extra.Pizza crust was wet and soggy. Barely any cheese. Very expensive, music is VERY loud, don't expect any conversation.The best pizza I've ever had, hands down. Thin crust that bubbles and gets deliciously burnt in the wood fire pizza oven. I've tried the margarita and fennel and sausage pizza. Both were good, but margarita is my fav. The managers are very kind and helpful. I've had one nice waitress and one that was not attentive and disrespectful to my Indian friend (he has a thick accent). This place is pretty popular and the wait can get long during peek dinner hours. Take out is very quick. I only waited 10 mins.Excellent pizza...try the Crudo...very good thin crust. We had excellent, fun service with Yo Adrian of course!We will be back!Excellent Pizza and I don't even really like Pizza! (I know, so weird) I had an excellent cauliflower salad that had just the right touch of dressing and a lovely glass of red. We sat at the counter near the pizza oven and it was so warm on a cold day. Friendly staff too.We ordered the larger margarita and it fed three of us. The food was fine. Sadly the service was very slow and we were never handed napkins. The seating is mostly with other random groups which can be a turn off for some. The music didn't really seem to flow with the vibe of the restaurant. It was more suited for a Zumba class but that made us chuckle. Overall good experience and I would return.Nice service...wine on tap less than average quality....pizza great and on par with all wood fired grill thin crust.  SalAd was greatStopped in for A Caesar salad to go yesterday.  Guys please take more care in washing your salad to be free of sand or soil that it was grown in. Love your pizza but would prob not choose a salad next time.Kind of disappointed. I've been looking for a great Philly pizza spot for months and all the reviews lead me to believe this was the place to get a seriously good slice! Unfortunately not quite. 
There were definitely pluses and minuses. Ordered the margarita pizza and the crudo-both highly recommended. The pizza was incredibly soggy and greasy (wet thin crust pizza isn't ideal). When you would pick it up in your hand it would just flop, and these were very small slices of pie. I was expecting a slightly crispy crunch that wouldn't droop when I picked it up. That was a bummer, and for a pizza that small and costing $40 I really thought the quality would be better. BUT the actual flavors of the pizzas were delicious and our order was ready in no time. 
So maybe we went on an off night? Not entirely sure I would try it again just because it was relatively expensive and our first experience wasn't the best.Immediately upon walking in you are greeted by the delicious smell of freshly baked wood fired pizza! We started at the bar as we were waiting on a few others to join.  We had some wine and enjoyed the ambiance.  There was great music playing and the crowd was varied from young kids and their parents to older couples.  Once our friends arrived we moved over to one of the communal tables-the seating is either at the bar up front or facing the pizza oven or at one of the communal tables.  We started with the shaved cauliflower and pistachio salad, which was lightly, but perfectly dressed and the prosciutto/cheese roll ups, also topped with pistachios.  For our second course we shared the margarita pizza and the prosciutto crudo pizza.  We got the large for both, which are decent potions, each about a yard long and 6-8 wide. The pizzas were bubbly and slightly burnt just the way a wood fired pizza should be.  Oh! B sure to ask for some of their pesto on the side, it makes the last few votes of the crust that much better.I order out from here frequently and they are always very quick and the pizza is great. I was particularly impressed when I ordered for a large group and went to pick up the two large pies I ordered (noted as metro size on their menu) and found an additional smaller pie with my order (noted as the napoletano size on their menu). I insisted I had only ordered the two large pizzas, when I found a note stating that the additional pizza was on the house because one of the larger pies came out a little smaller than usual. It was still very large and tasty, as always. I thought it was such amazing service when the size difference probably would've gone unnoticed. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because I went once and the service was really rather slow. Overall love this place, will probably always be a very loyal customer.Great Pizza.  Fabulous service.  Thank you Darrio for your excellent service as always.  Love visiting the Barnes and eating authentic Italian pizza.Oh my goodness this place was amazing! Outstanding food, super affordable, and the manager Sonseray was so incredibly sweet and attentive. I will absolutely be back! We had the Crudo pizza, Caesar salad, rotolo, meatballs, Nutella pizza - every single dish notably exceeded expectation. Loved it!Some of the best pizza I've ever had! Staff was very friendly and food came out quickly. Atmosphere is very relaxed and great for talking with friends around great food. Will definitely be back!We live nearby and go here once almost every weekend for lunch with our 18-month-old. Great Neapolitan-style pizza (we like the Margherita, but have liked others we tried too). Good and constantly changing selection of beers on tap, and still or fizzy filtered water is gratis. Nice, casual, family-friendly environment where you seat yourself and different groups of diners share long tables. Also, often has good background music. My only complaint is that, occasionally, our pizza comes out with a bit more char than what I would call Neapolitan-style "well done."Just an OK pizza place but with a good ambience and vibe.  They could benefit from a wider variety of entrees and apps and more choices of pizza crust.  Good location too.I enjoyed my dining experience at PV. I got the Porchetta pizza... it has peaches on it! It was tasty. As a former member of The Pizza Club I say this place is "pizza club approved." The waiter was very nice, maybe a little too nice... in the sense that it was too cheesy... (pun intended...)Love the pizza here! And the shared seating. Even if they're busy, it makes it easier to get seating. The waiters were also really attentive even though it was busy. Their metro size pizza is huge, too! I had never ordered it but great for large groups. 
My favorite pizza is definitely the eggplant pizza. For a vegetarian pizza, I'm not vegetarian FYI, it's great!The first time I frequented Pizzeria Vetri I was slightly inebriated. Unsurprisingly, in my cheerful state, I thought that the Salsiccia pizza was the best thing ever. Even though I would normally never order tuna as a topping, I thought the Tonno was pretty tasty. 
Knowing that sometimes my taste buds play tricks on me I decided to try Pizzeria Vetri again while 100% clear minded. I have to say that it just was not as good. Suddenly the pizza went from being mind blowing to just okay. The Margherita was no different than other ones I have tried. While I loved the prosciutto on the Crudo, the ricotta left watery puddles all over the pizza.
Considering the price point and hype associated with Vetri establishments, I would have expected better pizza. Do not get me wrong; I did not dislike the pizza. I have simply had better on many occasions. If you trust my inebriated self, I recommend the Salsiccia.This is my favorite pizza place! The pizza is fresh, delicious, and they have so many choices to chose from! When you go there, you have to get the rotolo because it is AMAZING!!! Lastly their salads are also fresh and delicious. When you go to Pizzeria Vetri make sure you are hungry, because this place does not disappoint!Good pizza (and I'm picky about pizza-I'm Italian and used to central/north Jersey/"NY" pizza). Casual atmosphere, definitely going back.I placed an order and the experience has left me bemused. We ordered two calzones, one pizza and a salad. One of the calzones, the sausage, was little more than a puff pastry. Bite after bite was essentially empty dough and sauce. When we opened it up we counted maybe 10 total small crumbles of sausage. It was quite the disappointment to say the least. 
The corn calzone had a very generous amount of corn but little to no cheese. It was a pocket overflowing with corn but nothing to hold it together.
The pepperoni pizza and salad were nice but when two thirds of those dining have a less than adequate meal it creates a very displeasing experience.
I emailed the business via their website and received only indifference. Their philosophy is once they have been paid they can move on to their next victim. Avoid at all costs.Nice place for pizza and beer with friends.
I would have given 5 stars, but we got off to an unpleasant start to the evening - The hostess with the blue hair was incredibly rude - I would have been fired if I had that kind of attitude when I worked in a restaurant.
Fortunately, once we were seated our server (pink glasses) was lovely. Attentive and helpful with suggestions from the menu. Food was delicious. Especially recommend the Rotolo appetizer. Good beer selection.
Would be nice to do call ahead or reservationsIf there is ever a zombie apocalypse, you will find me barricaded in Pizzeria Vetri. Honestly, I could eat here every day for the rest of my life. Their pizza is incredibly fluffy yet chewy, serving as the ultimate base for very high quality toppings. Of course after reading all of the reviews, I had to try the Rotolo, and could not be more pleased with my choice. The only problem with it was that I had to split it with my boyfriend. We chose the Melanzane pizza for its stracciatella cheese, something neither of us were familiar with. Oh boy did we make the right pick. I probably made a horrible dining partner because I refused to speak when I was eating this. I was literally in heaven and seeing stars. The cheese was basically from another planet, it was THAT good. When the waitress asked if we wanted dessert, I jokingly asked for a second pizza instead, hoping my boyfriend would agree. When he didn't bite, we decided on the Cookie Jar and the Affogato. Wow, this place took simple things, cookies, vanilla ice cream, and espresso, and turned them into simple masterpieces. Each cookie served was delicious, and came in pairs, perfect for sharing. The soft serve for the Affogato was incredibly rich and creamy. It made me want to re-think my boring black morning espresso. 
Pizzeria Vetri, you win my heart. I am already asking people left and right if they want to go to dinner any time soon, just for the opportunity to come back. If I could give 10 stars I would!Visited pizzeria vetri on a Friday night with a few friend and sat at the back counter facing the pizza oven. Our server was friendly and attentive. We had fun watching all the pizzas getting made but my tall friend complained the fire was a little hot on his face. We ordered several different pizzas and loved all of them! We didn't try the desert pizza but it looked amazing!
Overall, good pizza and good service. I would definitely return.Excellent pizza. I really enjoyed the margherita pizza. The beer selection seemed quite good but I didn't have time to sample it. The staff were very friendly and attentive.One of my favorite brick oven spots. The vibe is awesome here. The place has a super chill atmosphere (and usually plays old school hip hop). They have long tables that you share with other groups. There is also seating at the pizza counter. The beer list is always good. The service is awesome every time I come here. 
I always get the rotolo, because it is one of the best dough based appetizers. It is like a savory bun with mortadella on the inside and topped with oil and pistachios. It is truly out of this world. 
The pizza is Godsend. The dough is perfect, and the sauce is so delicious. All of the specialty pies are worth trying. Last time I was here, I brought my cousin from out of town. We got the large Neapolitan size pizza with sausage. He was blown away. I always bring people visiting me to this place and it never disappoints. I crave this place often! You must try it.I really liked this place! I had the margherita pizza, which was excellent. Probably the best pizza I have had in Philadelphia aside from Pizzeria Stella - and this place is a lot more convenient to get to, especially with the multiple locations! Their beer list was also pretty impressive. Service was a little slow, but not bad enough to ruin the experience.Little place to just off rittenhouse square is worth a stop! Real wood oven pizza that is perfectly cooked. Nice choices and some great salads to add. If you really just want a damn good pizza go here !Incredible. Go for the sausage pizza. Dessert - dough knots, is also phenomenal.Best pizza I had in Philly. Naples style pizza. Authentic. Nutella dessert pizza amazing too. Will return. Sat outside. Near Barnes art museum.I've been here twice and both times have been amazing. There service is great, drinks are unique and fun (I'm not a beer drinker but I've gone with two and they both enjoyed their drinks) and pizza is AMAZING! The best pizza I've ever had has been at Via Napoli at the Italy Pavilion in Epcot, and the pizza at Pizzeria Vetri is so similar it's really something to behold. Just a simple pepperoni topping is so delicious. Save room for dessert though, because the Nutella pizza with marshmallow is a must try. I can't wait to come back!couldn't possibly tell you how the pizza is...bc I wanted to place an order for 10 pies and 20 sodas for a corporate event and the place doesn't take deliveries by phone......and they throw you to 2 outside delivery APPS.....that is the ONLY way to order and the sites aren't user friendly
uselessWe had reservations for a party of 15. Firstly, the seating was terrible.  They split us into one long table and a few of us at the bar at the windows, making conversation terribly awkward and impossible. The cauliflower salad was acceptable, tasted like cauliflower...nothing special. The pizzas were good, I hope you like your crust slightly charred... then dessert was a disaster. The pistachio on the canoli was burnt bitter, and there was literal SOAP in our Nutella pizza.I'm stuck between a 3 and a 4.  Service and ambiance are both 4/5 as the staff was attentive, and you could tell it was a popular and busy place, but it wasn't overly loud or obnoxious.  
There were some flaws with the pizzas themselves that make me wonder if I'm maybe not into this kind of pizza, or if the toppings weren't my thing (or both).
Maurizio:  I liked the cheese, but the rosemary tasted a little bitter.  Or maybe the bitterness came from the char on the dough.  
Margherita:  This one was fine, a standard Margherita.
Porcini:  There were some strange textures on this one from the mushrooms and something crunchy, which may have been garlic.  I wasn't into it, especially because I didn't think it warranted the price ($19).
So, for me, the experience was OK overall - but if I go back I'll probably check out the salads or a calzone.Had lunch here today. Cute place. Pizza was amazing. Thin crust, perfectly textured flavorful crust. Fresh mozzarella and prosciutto on top were perfect. Some of the best pizza I've had in awhile. Simple but well done. Good service too, definitely recommend!Super yummy spot. 
Pizza was good. Wood Fire salad was great. Plus we got free soft serve. Yes! All around a great evening. 
Plus I was really digging the playlist.Absolutely love this place! The pizza is amazing. Especially love one of the chefs, Matt! We love eating hereStill some of the best pizza I've had outside of New York, even all this time after their sale. Most recent visit, we did the crudo, melanzana, pepperoni, and marinara, and I liked them in that order. (My wife preferred the pepperoni to the melanzana.) The crust here is super thin with minimal tip sag, and the ingredients are always really fresh. The sweet tomato sauce also is really great. 
Still lots more I'd like to try here -- we'll definitely be back.I have been yesterday to Vetri to celebrate my birthday.It's not the first time for me there and I have to say it won't be my last.As soon as I said it was my birthday the staff went above and beyond to accommodate me and my party of 8 people.The food was amazing,we got the crudo pizza,margherita and the eggplant!Everything was delicious.A big thumb up for this place and for the amazing Manager Zach that was extremely professional and kind with all of us!!Keep up the good job,we will be back from an Italian lady:)Excellent service and food. Very good beer selection, salads and a diverse selection for pizza toppings!Food excellent, service not great. 
All the pizzas are excellent. Dough is always perfect and not soggy like some of Vetri's competition. My favorite are the margherita and the prosciutto pizzas as well as the daily specials served by the slice. A number of people I've gone with have said this is the best pizza they've ever tasted. I kinda agree.
Some room for improvement is the service and the temperature of the food/drinks. On our last visit, when asked about the wait, the hostess said she couldn't tell how fast people would leave so she had no idea. When I pushed her to give me an approximate wait time she said 45 minutes even though there were clearly a number of parties paying. We stayed knowing it would be shorter. And we were seated 3 minutes later. As for the food, the pizzas have come out cold a couple of times. And the red wine is served so cold it is unpleasant. So cold that the glass fogs up? For red wine? I mentioned this to the server but she dismissed it and declared that that's how they like to serve it.I want to love it! I don't. The salads are amazing! Fresh inventive. The pizza at best is just ok. I never understood why people rave about it. I have the same issue at Osteria. It really doesn't taste like Italian Pizza. I like the blistered crust. The ingredients seem first rate but all three times I've been here the pizza has been floppy. And the service can be sporadic at best. If they are going to expand this into an empire it needs some real work. Sometimes you lean too much on a fabulous reputation.Pizza was good, but expensive and small. For the money, you're better off somewhere like Nomad or Zavino.Never disappoints.  I ate there last night and pizza was very good.  Ingredients are very simple and always fresh.  The service was excellent and pricing is fair.  It's great for all ages and my kids especially like it.  Make sure not to skip the Nutella pizza for dessert.A friend and I came here on a Saturday around 6pm. There was no wait for bar seating, and we opted for the pizza bar. It was pretty warm bc of the pizza oven, but I was comfortable. We got the seasonal wild boar pizza and a bottle of the suggested wine pairing. The pizza was pretty good: I generally prefer red pies, but the lack of tomato worked for this pizza. I didn't love the use of sweet cherries; they were a bit overpowering and distracted from the other flavors, which was a shame, bc the boar was good. The pizza was pretty thin, which is okay with me, and was charred in spots, also okay with me. The service was very friendly and pretty attentive, and it was cool watching the pizzas getting made. One downside was the abundance of fruit flies, one of which got into my friend's wine glass.I love pizza and I'm a big fan of Vetri, so this seemed like a match made in heaven. I've been there twice now and both times have been underwhelming. I can think of a few other brick oven pizza joints in Philly that are noticeably better than this place. The service is good and the ingredients seem to be high-quality but there's just something missing in the overall taste. It seems perhaps that the people putting together the pizza is the problem, because good ingredients should = good pizza.  If you're a fan of Vetri I would say try this place out to experience another one of his creations, but if you're craving brick oven pizza I would suggest somewhere else. In addition to the underwhelming taste, I feel like this place is more expensive than others. $15 for a personal margarita pizza that literally had bare spots with no sauce seems expensive.  Lastly, I sat in front of the kitchen the last time I was there and the chef spreading the dough was covered in sweat. I know it's hot back there, but take a minute to wipe your face every once in a while so you're not having sweat drip in people's food! Especially when you have an open kitchen and the customers can see- yuck.this review is just for their pizzas...i haven't had a chance to dine at this new location. my boss decided to treat us for lunch and ordered a few different kinds. one with prosciutto, one with eggplant and a margherita. i've also had the pleasure of dining at the fairmount location several times and have never been disappointed. 
the pizzas are thin...chewy and delicious crusts. i'm not a huge fan of pizza but these are damn good. i've also heard nothing but great things about chef vetri so def will be supporting this place!Love this place...service is fantastic and the pizza is perfect. They deliver but I would recommend hanging out at then bar..So here's the backstory with me and Pizzeria Vetri. I've wanted to love the Callowhill location, but I've just had average and very occasionally above average pizza. This week I'm dealing with the aftermath of a flood in my kitchen and Postmates offers a special for the new Rittenhouse location. Bam. Long story short (or possibly still long), that's how my husband and I ended up ordering delivery Tuesday night.  
The Postmastes deal offered one free margherita pizza with the purchase of another pizza. We order the Margherita pizza and a Salsiccia pizza. Five-million hours later (obviously an exageration, and also not to the fault of Pizzeria Vetri based on the high demand of this sweet deal), our pizzas arrive. 
They were a little cold and required about an 18 second heat-up per slice, but otherwise were terrific! I've had both of these pies before and they've belonged in the above average category. They do these ones well. I've had issues with Pizzeria Vetri crusts being too burnt in areas, but this wasn't the case at all. The pies had the ideal level of crispness. I'm not going to include the descriptions of the pizzas, but each pie held true to the standards and exceeded the expectations of how a margherita and salsiccia pie should be. 
Alright, Pizzeria Vetri Rittenhouse. You've got me intrigued. So far, so good.Although the pizza is still delicious, the customer service has dropped off dramatically since Urban bought the place. We had lunch there today around 2:30 pm. The bartender was friendly and sat us at the pizza counter (our daughter was excited to watch them make the pies and cook them in the wood-fired oven). The people behind the counter made no eye contact and were not friendly. After waiting for a server to approach us for over 5 minutes, a woman finally came to ask if we wanted coffee or dessert. We placed our order. Our appetizer never came. At least the pizza was tasty.
Missing the original Pizzeria Vetri... what a shame.The pizza was phenomenal!!! This would have been at least a four star experience, however, our server forgot about us, though we kept waving our hands frantically at him for the check. He was Abercrombie and Fitch level handsome, but that doesn't excuse this negligent behavior!  Another waiter came to our rescue after at least ten minutes of our panicked signals (on top of twenty minutes of mild conversation while patiently hoping our first waiter would come around). I'll definitely be back, but hopefully our server will pay more attention to us!Really, truly outstanding pizza. Everything about it was just about perfect -- thin but sturdy slices, perfectly crispy crust, incredible ingredients (the tomatoes and basil in particular were amazing) -- it was all just fantastic.
Here's what we got, in order of how much we liked it:
- Crudo
- Margherita
- Pepperoni
- Marinara
----
- Slice of the day (Sicilian with soppressata)
All four of the regular thin crust pies were incredible. Even the marinara, which is fairly "plain" with just tomatoes, olive oil, garlic, and oregano, was tremendous -- the fact that it was fourth on our list says more about how amazing the first three were. The crudo in particular just blew us away -- the prosciutto and the buffalo mozzarella were just perfect.
Needless to say, I highly, highly recommend this place.I often times find myself walking past Pizzeria Vetri and can't help but stop in more often than not. The happy hour is a little early (4-6pm) so if you are looking for that, head in early. Even if it isn't happy hour, Pizzeria Vertri has such a great staff and just vibe to it that I always have a great time. I usually wind up getting the margherita pizza and a side. I've also really enjoyed the crudo which has prosciutto, mozzarella and parmesan cheese. Absolutely delicious.
Usually there are open seats at the bar up front, or in the back where you can watch them make all of the pizza! Those are my favorite seat if I'm with 1-2 people. Otherwise there are a few very large rectangle tables which do work well for larger groups. The staff is very attentive and really goes out of their way to make sure you are taken care of.Tried the Rittenhouse location for the first time. Our bartender was friendly and knowledgeable about the beers on tap and about the food, and the service was efficient but we never felt rushed.  The space is clean and modern. Last, we ordered two pizzas: the eggplant, which is a red pizza, and a four cheese white pizza. The red's flavors were very good and the white was fantastic all around (blue cheese lovers should seek this one out).  If I visit PV again I would order the white pizza again and try a different red pizza. (I wonder if the eggplant pizza has too many wet ingredients for the crust to crisp up properly, or if it was just an off night because the pizza's top was crazy charred but the bottom of the pie was soggy.)Tried the Rittenhouse location for the first time. Our bartender was friendly and knowledgeable about the beers on tap and about the food, and the service was efficient but we never felt rushed.  The space is clean and modern. Last, we ordered two pizzas: the eggplant, which is a red pizza, and a four cheese white pizza. The red's flavors were very good and the white was fantastic all around (blue cheese lovers should seek this one out).  If I visit PV again I would order the white pizza again and try a different red pizza. (I wonder if the eggplant pizza has too many wet ingredients for the crust to crisp up properly, or if it was just an off night because the pizza's top was crazy charred but the bottom of the pie was soggy.)My parents and I ordered out from here during Pope-palooza in Philly. I had told them a number of places in the city were offered pope-inspired food and drink in honor of his visit and we should (read: must) check at least one out. My dad picked up our order but based on his reporting back, I can tell you it was sketchy. In his words "if I had a choice, it'd be the last road I'd go down in that area. " This matter doesn't match the food. 
For dinner, our sacred sustenance was a Caesar Salad and two orders of the papal inspired "Il Papa" pie with Black Mission Figs, mozzarella, lardo and Pecorino Toscano, oregano and fresh basil. The ingredients of the pie were inspired by Pope Francis' birth country (Argentina) and his current home (Vatican City). The pizza was great but not the best I've ever had. The pizza had a thin crust, which I enjoyed and the flavors were on point. But they definitely skimped on the toppings; there were maybe four fig halves and maybe two fresh basil leaves on an entire pizza. Plus, the caesar salad was teeny tiny. So split between us, we didn't get much. 
Our order totaled to $50 which was pricey considering what we got. Now, this hasn't turned me away from future visits here as I would like to try the Rotolo and a dessert option based on other reviewers recommendations.Went there last night after a long day. I asked the waitress for a veggie rec and she recommending the "molla nera" (the mushroom one). I've never had a more uniquely flavorful mushroom pizza, wow and delish. As an immigrant and person of color I also appreciated the diverse crew working at the restaurant, representing the diversity of Philly. One suggestion as a NYer would be, I wish they would offer slices as a cheaper option for when you want just one slice.Yes, this is really delicious Neapolitan pizza that I would say is worth the effort and wait. The ingredients taste fresh and flavorful so you can't go wrong with any of the pies on the menu. The crudo and the sausage fennel pie make a good team. Very nice selection of drinks. 
The ambiance of the restaurant was casual but somewhat too loud. The tables were understandably but not pleasingly placed close together. When we were placed in the middle of a family style table with two other parties, nobody came to help us until we got up and sat at the bar ourselves 10 minutes later. The food came out so fast that I didn't mind the miss in the end. Somewhat pricey but I might come back here when it's less crowded to try more of the menu :)Food is amazing. It takes them a while to make the food so highly suggest not going on a completely empty stomach. Prices are higher than usual but the food is worth it. Make sure to call for reservation as they are always busy.I ordered from Pizzeria Vetri through Caviar. I like pizza with thin crust and no cheese so their marinara pizza was perfect. However it did not arrive hot so I had to heat it.
The caesar salad had very good dressing and plenty of anchovies in a separate container, handy if you want to cut them up and mix into salad. The salad had hard-boiled eggs in it, not cut up. They must be a substitute for the original ingredient raw egg which is no longer used for health reasons. The croutons were chewy, not crisp, and tasty but not good mixed in the salad because they were larger than bite size.Great pizza, good beer selection, excellent service. I'd just say it's a tad expensive. But it was a very busy night in Philadelphia, and this was a great spot to enjoy some really great pizza and relax. Did I say the pizza is great? :-)It's good, but I've had better.  My salad came after my pizza, which made me quite annoyed. The pizza was extra crispy and black, so it wasn't ideal for me. If you want a darker cooked pizza, then this spot just might be for you!The location is a tad odd/shady.  Food is nothing like that.  The pizza is offered in small and large size so we ordered a bunch of small ones to taste more.  Everything was great.  The margarita, eggplant pizza, the fig are excellent.  We had a full red pizza with garlic which was great.  Everything had terrific taste.  They also had a Ceasar which was excellent.  Quartered eggs with anchovies.  Really good.  I would DEFINITELY return.It was my second time dining at this location and both times were pretty disappointing. Be mindful that it's located in a dark alleyway. Beware for the occasional panhandler waiting in the shadows, asking for money to get something to eat. The first time I dined here was for a friend's birthday (small group of 5) and the service was not the most pleasant! What a way to ruin someone's birthday (which the server knew). When I was invited the second time, I thought I'd give it another chance...
The pizza isn't terrible, but I will say DO NOT get the calzones. Totally not worth it and I don't deem them worthy enough to be called a calzone! I'm sorry, but maybe I'm just spoiled from the good pizzas and calzones from NJ/NY?? I overheard the party next to us having their calzones replaced several times because they got it wrong. I should've known it was going to be a bad experience.
Received my sausage calzone and it was a huge puff (really deceiving!). I cut it open and there were literally 4 small pieces of sausage and the rest was just air. (Refer to my pictures.) Are you kidding me?! I asked the server if it was supposed to be that way and she said, "it depends on how the dough rises." She immediately sent the manager over to talk to me. The manager was very nonchalant about the whole thing - "this is the chef's recipe" and "calzones come in different sizes due to the way the dough rises." I can accept that the dough will rise higher, but I still don't think it's acceptable to only put 4 pieces of sausage for the price tag you're putting on it. Fortunately, the manager offered to replace with something else or take it off our bill. Opted for the latter. 3 stars because the pizza is decent and the manager tried to make it up to us.
Will I come back to Pizzeria Vetri? Nope. I can satisfy my pizza/calzone needs elsewhere. Would I recommend it to others? Most likely not. But thank you anyway to the manager!A must try! This place has been pretty packed each time I've come, but I haven't found it hard to find or get a seat quickly. *Tip - don't come in with a huge party.Pizzeria Vetri us one of my go-to pizza places.  There's multiple locations but the center city one is my favorite.  We typically avoid peak hours so we rarely have to wait to be seated.
All of the pizzas are good so its really a matter of preference. The tuna pizza sounds odd but it's a favorite.  I typically opt for the Melanzana which has thin slices of eggplant and super soft and gooey stracciatella. Recently,  I've added prosciutto on top for added protein and it elevates the pizza so much. The calzones are loaded and the dough is so delicious. They also have excellent salads and seasonal roasted vegetables. 
Service is usually always good.  It's a nice quick meal that never disappoints. My only gripe is that it's not good delivery pizza. However, this is the type of pizza you should always eat at the restaurant to get the full experience.Mmmm, I really enjoyed my time here during lunch. Came in a large group right at opening so we could grab a table. So glad we did, bc it got packed! Server brought our a few big bottles of sparkling water and still water. That was awesome bc they didn't have to keep coming back and refilling all of our small glasses each time. Our table ordered 4 large pizzas for a party of about 13?? It was the perfect amount. We all went back to work satisfied or even some of us were overstuffed.
We ordered the following 4:
Margherita
Crudo
Salsiccia 
and finally their special for the day - it had mushrooms on it.
My favorite was the crudo. It had prosciutto, buffalo mozz and parm. No sauce, but it was so delicious! I'm craving some right now as I'm writing this. LOL. The crust was thin and crispy and the toppings were extremely flavorful.
The reason for the 4 stars?? The price is SO HIGH. I would not be coming here often bc of this reason. Who pays $36 for one pizza?? EEKKKThis place can be easily overlooked (unless you knew about it beforehand) due to the construction next to it!
Items we ordered:
1) Meatballs - $9 as of 7/2019.
Very light and flavorful.  The sauce that came with it was absolutely delightful!
2) Pepperoni pizza - $17 as of 7/2019
This was a winner.  Beautifully light and crisp crust with a good char on the bottom.  The pepperoni was sliced thin but still had the awesome cupping and was balanced perfectly with just enough mozzarella cheese.  Sauce was light and had a fantastic tomato flavor that was not too sweet.
3) Blackberry Quinoa salad - $12 as of 7/2019
The premise was interesting.  Blackberries with kale and candied nuts. Unfortunately they also seasoned it with salt which I assume was to counter the sweetness but they overdid it with the salt which ruined the overall dish for us.  If they didn't add the salt then the dish would actually be quite good.I was excited to go to Pizzeria Vetri because I had been wanting to try it for a while and had really high expectations! I heard a lot about it and had seen some of its other locations around Philly and one in DC. This location was right in rittenhouse on a small street. We went on a weekday and were seated right away (they don't take reservations). They were kind enough to give us both complimentary still and sparkling water and took our order right away. We got the Roasted Beets, Shaved Cauliflower for appetizers and then the Crudo and Porcini pizzas. While waiting for our food, there were a bunch of fruit flies that kept on flying around us, which drove me nuts. So I caught 3 of them while waiting for our food. The food came out quickly afterwards. My husband usually loves beets, but the beets were too sweet for us. The shaved cauliflower was also just okay but could have used a bit more flavor. I liked the pizza crusts but wasn't a big fan of the mixture of the Porcini pizza ingredients - the rosemary was too much for me. The Crudo was good but didn't blow me away.I came here for the pizza after dark night. Unfortunately the night I went they ran into a lot of hiccups and it wasn't that great. It is also a new event so they are learning.
However, I contacted them and they wanted to make it right. They invited us back for a private event. It was amazing! We got a tour of the kitchen, we got to make our pizzas at the counter, they even gave us the fresh tiramisu for dessert. It was a great experience and I highly recommend attending the pizza after dark event. 
The pizza is really good and the ambience is nice. Really feels like Italy. Also the mozzarella is to die for! 
Overall I will be back because of their customer service. They realized their event had an off night and wanted to make it better. Most places don't care enough about their customers but they do!Went there late on Sunday Dec 15th; been there quite a few times.
The pizza has always been good here, serving Neapolitan style pies in those really hot ovens.  Wonderfully light crust with a pleasant chew.   My favorites are any of the pies with marinara:
Pepperoni (excellent)- hits my childhood sweet spot and includes a lot of fresh oregano to kick it up.  I remember when it first opened, they didn't serve pepperoni, probably because it was not 'traditional' enough. I'm glad they got over themselves.
Sausage (excellent) - i love the bite of midwestern style sausage, but that cannot be found here.  What does elevate is the roasted fennel, so so good.  
Melanzana (excellent)- Creamy roasted eggplant made even better with fresh burrata.
Procuitto (good to excellent) - This doesn't come with marinara, but they add it if you ask - I find it balances the pie better.  Procuitto+arugula combo with thinly sliced parmasean.
Margarita (good to excellent)- cant go wrong with it.
Fried dough (excellent) - if you have room, it's equivalent to eating fresh cinnamon sugar donuts.Healthy and so delicious! I had the beets, blackberry greens quinoa salad and Morizio pizza
Could not have asked for any better or moreThis place is perfect for a casual night with friends. The communal style tables and loud music make it more conducive to a group meal versus a date. 
The food is delicious. I've tried a number of the pizzas, with the clear standout being the eggplant pizza. I am not an eggplant lover but our server recommended it and we were so glad she did. The creamy cheese on top was really tasty. This is my new favorite pie in center city. In addition to pizzas, we tried the rotollo and the roasted vegetable salad. Both were good, but the roasted vegetables were great. Simply sublime and well executed. Would order again. 
We will be returning soon!When we went, the place was bursting from its seams ready to pop with how many people were crammed inside. Despite that, the pizza was insanely delicious. A thin crispy crust with the perfect topping of an acidic tomato sauce with mozzarella and fresh basil. I also ordered a salad and despite not liking salad, it was a really good, favorable salad.We were drawn in by the free rotollo that came from signing up for their email list,  but the margarita pizza we ordered to go with it was very good.   Decent draft beer selection too.  The service was also prompt and personable.   
Don't let the construction next door put you off.   It wasn't a problem at all at all.Potentially got food poisoning from this restaurant, but still going to leave this review so I can share my pizza thoughts with ya'll.
Vibe of this place is CASUAL. Very low key, not much to it -- feels "historical" almost. Came with two friends and ordered the following:
Quattro formaggi pizza - This was the best of the night. Just a straight up 4-cheese pizza, no marinara sauce! Thin crust.
Margherita pizza - Was good, but a standard Margherita pizza... nothing too special. Thin crust.
Nutella pizza - I didn't try this, was too full, but my friends said it wasn't as good as they would have hoped! Crust looked very hard and crunchy, not soft and melt-in-your-mouth.
Service was awesome. Probably will never come back due to the food poisoning experience, but have no hard feelings. Overall, I feel like it is a standard pizza joint but somehow there is a lot of hype for this place (that I will never really understand).The ambiance of this place is great for a Friday night out. The lighting was low, the music was great, and the drinks were just the right price. Considering the menu for drinks was longer than the menu for pizza, this isn't the best spot to actually get pizza. The options are very few when it comes to both pizza and dessert. It was a bust for us because we craved pizza but filled up only on drinks. The staff is very friendly and options aside--the food is great.Ordered from Caviar for delivery and.... found pubic hair in my pizza. Safe to say I won't be ordering from here ever again.Excellent pizza. (I just got back from Milan, and Vetri's pizza was better than some of the pizza I had in Italy!)
Fantastic service.
It is a bit on the pricier side for what it is - pizza at (sometimes) communal tables - but I really enjoy myself every time I come here, and I'll keep coming back.Always a great place. I've been here probably 20 times, and I always end up getting an amazing and not regretting it. I probably eat here more than I'd like to admit. I always end up taking home the food for lunch the next day. I've had plenty of their pizzas, all amazing.I really really REALLY wanted to like this place because the folks working here are incredibly nice and are super conversational which is a plus for me and the wifey.
But.....I really dont.  I've been three times in the past 7 months, and that's probably it for us.
The biggest issue I have is the quality doesnt match what they are selling.  &Pizza is right around the corner and does a much better job across the board.  The pizza dough is better.  The sauces are better.  The cheese is better.  The ingredients are better.
The two most egregious examples of where Vetri has failed us are with the mushroom pizza and the sausage pizza - (names on the menu escape me but they have been on there consistently.)
Mushroom - the toppings were overpowered completely by the chives and garlic oil.  I couldn't taste the mozz, mushrooms, or onion at all.  Could've been mandarin oranges or avocado for all I know.
Sausage - it's been super dried out when we've gotten it (twice now). Not sure why, but it isnt enjoyable.
This is a pass for us from now on.