One of our favorite spots ! fried calamari with the hot peppers is the best don't forget to get the brussels sprout pizza or the pistachio pizza with the shaved onions to die for  love sitting outside at the foot of head house squareWith all the brick oven pizza places popping up in the city, you really have to have your A game on. The pizza here is OK. I wouldn't go out of my way for it. Toppings are generous and fresh. The crust just doesn't have enough bite for a brick oven pie. They are listed as "personal sized" but can feed two not really starving people. 
Service was a delight and I enjoyed staring into the fiery pit. Dinner and a show!Best pizza in town, hands down.
I'm from Italy and this is the kind of pizza you find in Naples.Stick with the pizza.
Craig Laban's review said that their pastas and calzone were extraordinary.
They weren't. 
But the pizza was very, very good and we would definitely come back for that.
Otherwise, great location, clean and spacious, and friendly staff.Delicious! Had the calamari and margarita pie, would definitely recommend giving Stella's a try!Service was great.  The food was so so.  I ordered Arancini(risotto balls) which had no flavor at all. The only redeeming grace was the tomato sauce.  Also ordered broccoli rabe appetizer, which I thought was cooked properly.  The pizza was AWFUL!!   Although the ingredients were fresh, the dough was very Undercooked.  It was burnt in some areas, and raw in others.  The bottom of the pizza was raw.  I looked around at other patrons, and the pizzas all looked the same.  This is Philadelphia.  There are better pizza places than this.I don't remember where I read it, but this was on one of those Top 10 lists for 2009, so we decided to check it out.  We got there at 5:10 pm and were told that there was a 45 minute wait.  
There isn't really a bar area or waiting area, but they did take down our cell phone number and offered to call us when a table was free.  We walked the 1 block to South Street and we found a bar - Bridget Foys at 200 South Street - in which to have beers.  Had the restaurant had a bar, that is money we would have spent there.  
We went to check in and found that our "seats" were at a bar-like area, where all three of us basically faced the kitchen and pizza oven.  Not the best way for people to have a conversation.  We waited 45 minutes for this?  We were told it would be another 20 minutes for a table.  So we took the counter.  
We ordered a Sausage and a San Daniele pizza to split between the three of us.  It was more than enough, even though we were told that each pizza was a "personal" pizza.  We still had a few slices to take back.  
The pizzas were very tasty...just the right spice of the sauce...and the Sausage had just the right kick.  The crust was fabulous, nicely thin and chewy outer crust.  The smokey flavor from the wood oven made these pizzas among the better pizzas I have ever had.  
One great thing about our table, was the vantage point and watching the "conveyor belt" in which the pizza crew made the pizzas.  They were terribly efficient, each with their own task and passing it down to the next station to make each individual pie.  
There was a lot of attention to detail and it appeared clear that they worked as a well oiled machine.  Definitely this place has a great system in place and a good pizza to share.  Definitely, this was worth checking out.Found it by accident. Gotta quote Bob Ross, "We don't have mistakes, just happy little accidents"
  Planned on eating some where else, they were booked. Look at that, a pizzeria, with wine. Not what I planned on, but that sounds (and smells) pretty good. I am not obsessed with pizza like my wife is, but this was some of the best pizza I have ever had. It was just me, my wife, and my daughter, and we ordered 4 pizzas. They all come personal size so that's not too much food if I don't tell you that we also got two apps, and some pasta. Margherita(you know what that is right?), Pepperoni, Mushroom(with ham and garlic crème), & San Danielle ( prosciutto and arugula), all delicious. 
  We sat at the bar, not what I usually do but, It's a pizzeria, not really a big difference at the table two feet from me. Service was good. Wine was surprisingly good. This place was a little more casual than I planned on dinning that night, but the cocktails and wines were top notch for sure. I read another review that said it was loud but, It's a pizza joint, not a library. Anyway I wasn't bothered by the noise.
  The guys making the pizza are amazing. I timed them. One guy starts the dough, and by the time its ready to go to your table, only like four minutes later. I told the guy, you shouldn't get paid by the hour, you should ask for $1 a pizza, you'll be rich. But they're not just fast, they have like a dozen pizzas on the menu, and I feel like I have to go back for at least four of them.(Tartufo is at the top of my list) ,Half the menu is white pizza, the other half is red, and the flavor combinations are excellent. Nothing too boring, nothing with an unnecessary overload of conflicting flavors, a few you already know, a few you are surprised to see but you know you have to try it  everything paired nicely. 
  And then gelato, I don't even remember the flavors. Something with salted caramel, something with coffee and chocolate, does it really matter? The drinks were awesome, The food was delicious, and the gelato that was so good I forgot what I even ordered.
  I am defintely going back (I have like eight more pizzas I have to eat), I only wish I'd found them sooner so that I could eat outside.Went here for the first time with 4 other people around 9PM on a Saturday.  The pizza menu was extensive and the crust was fantastic.  Our party as a whole preferred the white pizzas to the pizzas with red sauce. The special happened to be our favorite, which was a pizza with ground sausage and roasted eggplant and mozzarella.  Top that off with a couple of $12 carafes of house wine and it makes for a great evening.  The only negative of the night was the slow service, despite the restaurant being only half full.I wouldn't say there's something outstandingly special about Stella's. The vibe and location are great. The pizza was great BUT their gelato/ice cream (I had Blackberry and Pistachio) was the best I have had in Philadelphia hands down. I'm a huge fan of gelato so this earns them 5 stars.Really awesome cocktails - I recommend the mojito concoction, it is delicious.So I spent all day in Philly as a tourist and ended my day in this pretentious popular kid high school atmosphere. 
The restaraunt is located on a busy street corner of Society Hill and the decor is pleasing to the trendy eye. When my party of four walked in the door, the young hostess immediately looked bothered. We told her we were expecting 2 more and she immediately took us to a back room that was almost vacant save for a two-top by the window. There were PLENTY of 4+ tables open in the main dining room, so I could not fathom why she sat us at a booth in the back. I took a quick look around and we all still had our teeth in tact and we were all dressed well. A little sun-kissed from our day of exploration, but nothing that would warrant hiding us in the back corner in a booth unreasonably too small for 6 adults. 
I asked to be moved to a table in the front room, as they do NOT take reservations, there should be no problem with us being sat at one of the very many open and empty tables. We were moved.
We were ignored. Then, we were ignored a little bit more. We were ignored over and over again at this establishment for reasons I cannot figure out. One member of our party even tried flagging our waitress down several times so that we could order our entrees and the waitress played the "I can't see you" head turn a couple times. Finally, when she was flagged down for the last time she must have thought she might create a scene if she did not finally indulge our requests for service, seeing as how she is a service professional and all.
The food was good when we finally got it. But for the absolute poor treatment we received from the moment we stepped into that place, I cannot give it more than one star. I will never go to another Starr restaraunt ever again.I live close by, so I'm at Stella weekly. The food is great and consistent. More importantly, it's quick. I often come here with my two kids and the food is out in less than 15 minutes, sometimes 10. Though there is not a kid's menu, it is very kid-friendly. What kid doesn't like pasta and pizza? 
In summer, they offer outdoor seating, which is great when little ones get noisy or need to walk around.  I'm never disappointed and it has become a "go-to" for our family.Pizzeria Stella is absolutely wonderful!  The spinach pizza is amazing and every app that I have had there has been great.  We generally sit at the pizza counter and really enjoy watching the skilled chefs making all the wonderful pizzas.
The Arancini is one of the top ten foods that I have ever eaten, and their tomato sauce is crazy good!  The servers are outstanding, and I have never had a bad meal there!Came here on a date a couple nights back and it was a really great experience. Our server, Molly, was very nice and knowledgable about the food/drink offerings and generally a pleasure. We had the arancini, sheep's mill ricotta, and the mushroom pizza. We thought two appetizers and the pizza would be just enough food. Boy, were we wrong! We could only eat about half the pizza between us along with the two appetizers. Everything was very satisfying, tasty, and came out quickly. We also sat outside so the perfect weather and quaintness of the neighborhood made it sweet little evening.  I'd definitely visit again and it's a nice alternative to the usually bustling nearby South Street.The Shrimp Arrabbiata is to die for!!! Shrimp was delicious and went perfect with the side of bread!Great wood fired pizza, I tried the margherita and pepperoni pizzas, and they were very tasty with delicious crust.   The homemade lemonade is a nice touch too.
My only complaint on my first visit would be the loudness, during lunch with only a half full dining room, it was very loud.So..maybe this is just me, but this "type" of pizza they are selling has a real burnt taste to it. Is that what wood fired pizza suppose to taste like? But besides that, I asked for some mushrooms with my margarita pizza which was an extra 3 dollars! Wooosh..really? And that was even a mistake in itself because the mushrooms were way too salty. Not my cup of tea, but staff was real nice.Really enjoyed this place. Best pizza I have had in two years in Philly.  The tartufo pizza, heavily hyped by fellow yelpers, is awesome.  The margherita pie takes a big backseat after the heavy taste of truffles. 
Oh..the other stuff:
 We also tried the meatballs (polpette) and they were very tender and tasty.  The side of broccoli rabe was also very good.
Also tried two pasta dishes; the spaghetti pomodoro was light and fresh and really enjoyed the pasta with lamb bolognese.  
Really about pizza here but happy we tried other dishes.
They have a full bar. We had the "Italian Soda" listed on the menu called Stellamaro. It's a carbonated drink that has the Italin bitter called Amaro as on of the ingredients. A nice summer drink.
Tried the Stracciatella Gelato for dessert. A bit icy but refreshing (we ate outside with our dog) and it was very hot. Looked much nicer inside. Next visit.
Service, provided by Emily, was friendly and efficient.
Look forward to trying different pies.Classy and delicious place.
When I go to a pizzeria, it's tough for me to get anything but pizza.  Thusly, I can only comment on the pie here.  And it's great.
I've tried about half the menu, and I've enjoyed everything.  The most surprising hit was the Tartuffo.  It's a white pizza with truffles and an egg broken on top.  Creamy creamy creamy - absolutely tasty with the crunch of the crust.  The spinach with san marzano tomato and toasted pines was also incredibly good.  And of course, the cheeses of the Quattro Formagio and the classic Margherita make you want to ask the server just to bring you out a plate filled with the cheeses used in making them.
The last time I dined here, the four of us shared 6 pies - with just 3 leftover slices.  It's so delicious that you truely want to just keep them coming.    Good beer selection too.When I saw this place get 3 bells in the Inquirer, I knew it was time to go there. A positive experience from the door. We did not have to wait, but kinda got a jerk table by the front door, no biggie. At least there is another door blocking Old Man Winter and it was in front of the ovens. Or server was helpful and didn't let me over order, like I normally do. We got the octopus and squid ceviche appetizer which was tasty and fresh. We got a suggested special of meatballs, polpette, with sauce over creamy polenta. This dish was tasty as well but could of been primo if the meatballs were made properly. The flavor was there but the texture was all wrong. We got the Vongole pizza-clams, broccoli rabe and pancetta. Again the flavor was correct, clams were not overdone and everything melded well. My only complaint, a tiny one, is that they cooked the pizza in an unclean oven. There was burnt flour, etc. on the bottom of the pie, pretty displeasing. Oh, you should have something more than gelato for dessert, it being 20 degrees and all I was not in the mood for anything frozen. I will return, it definitely was a nice spot.Went here on a nice warm day after work with some friends.  Good layout of the floor. The tables surrounded a large woodfire pizza oven in the center and there was a lot of natural light.
The service was great. Our server was helpful in deciding which pizzas to order.
The pizzas were beyond everyone's expectations. The piccante (capicola, crushed red pepper and aged provolone) was my favorite. If you like some spice, I suggest you try this.  The other pizza that was outstanding was the sausage pie (sausage, pesto, basil and mozzarella).
Any pizza lover should give it a try. Price point was appropriate for what you get (10-15 per individual sized pie).  The pies are a good size for one person but would probably not be enough if you were sharing with another person.
Check it out!  I'll be going again.I would rate Stella's as, "What's your hurry? Here's your hat."
Our experience last Friday was made unpleasant because of extreme up-selling and pressure to turn tables. Our server (and her team) made repeated queries if we wanted more wine while we still had wine in our glasses; she interrupted conversation mid-meal (we were half-way through our pizzas) to recite the dessert menu; and then (just bizarre), as I was cutting a slice from the last of three pizzas, with the two empty trays stacked beneath, she reached under my hand to remove the trays, suggesting it would make it easier to cut the pie. As I was still chewing my last bite, she cleared the table, inquired about dessert again, placed the check on the table and offered the requisite, "No rush; any time you're ready."Gotta give it to Stephen Starr, this former Cosi has potential. It will be a mix,  attracting people from Society Hill towers, and those on South Street who want a nicer place to get pizza.
It's not in competition with Osteria restaurant, but Starr isn't trying to go high end here either.  Lots of wine selection, and even offers home made lemonade and sasperilla.
I split a margarita pizza with my niece and good thing she's small and only had two slices because the pizza is SO thin and not very filling. But it was good. I would probably suggest having one pizza per person if you're hungry and go home with a slice or two. Price was good, had a pizza and a soda for 17 dollars. (Could be an excellent cheaper date location.)
Since it's only been open a few weeks, staff is still in training mode. ANd I've worked for Starr, so I know what it's like. Neverless, they were attentive and friendly, and true to Starr form, pushed the dessert heavily.
In my opinion, it's a close competitor to Osteria's pizza, but I still prefer Slice over both.Wack!!!  Went here after visiting a bar in the area and was hungry.  My friends recommended it and so we went.  My friends get full IDIOT status on this one.  So we go in, I comment how I don't want to order very much and just want a couple slices of Pizza.  Everyone disagreed saying we need the meatballs, the octopus, other sides, etc.  The food comes and the meatballs were mediocre, the octopus was overcooked and way too salty - nasty actually.  Broccoli rabe was OK, overcooked not great (one came with an egg that looked like it was Ikea-style fake display gross).  Then the Pizza came.  I wouldn't say the Pizza was horrible, but it was not very good.  Only one of them, the sausage I actually had more than 1 piece.  It was too dough-ie, and the margarita pizza was bland, and the other one, which I think was chicken or something was just gross.  Definitely under cooked and not good crust 
Ok so the kicker?  This is a damn PIZZA restaurant.  The freaking bill was $250.00!!!!!!!!!!!  I will never, ever go to this place again, total rip-off.  Steven Starr strikes again, is there anything that he can't ruin?  The only reason I didn't verbally abuse everyone is because my friend's super cute kid was there - and he had a good time so that saved the evening for me.  If you want real pizza try Borda's Franco Luigi in south philadelphia.Cool place, people are great and so is the pizza!
Im saying it is a 4 stars because they don't have wifi.
Mushroom pizza, yay!Pizzaria Stella is a young, vibrant dinner spot in Philly.  I love the sheep's milk ricotta (save some to have with your pizza crust).  Their brick-oven pizza is delicious.  My favorite is definitely the mushroom.  The Tartufo is good and something a little different with truffle and runny egg yolk, but not a pizza I want to eat over and over again like the mushroom.  They also have a cool bar with interesting mixed drinks and sodas.Pizzeria Stella turned a year old in Septemeber. How I only just finally got myself there seems ludicrous! It's was lovely, it really was! and I live in walking distance, and yet... somehow I've missed this place for a whole year. Well, after our most recent visit, let me tell you I will definitely be returning soon, and telling others. 
It was one of those unseasonably still warm nights in late October and the bf and I decided a stroll was in order given the weather. We were actually headed for Xochitl, but we didn't make it because we bumped into PS and remembered how we kept meaning to stop in. We were offered seating outside on the sidewalk and it was simply lovely. The inside looks pretty nice also, what with the brick oven aflame, and the low lighting (next time). 
Our server was overly courteous and attentive, and helps us in our quest to try a few different things without spending a lot of money. We ended up with this ridiculously awesome pizza- simply named the Mushroom (i think) but it was mushrooms, and proscuitto, and basically what ever pizza i've ever wanted in my life to taste like. Seriously. I cannot wait to return. We drank some house red wine since it was very affordable and we weren't really out for a huge splurge. We also had a great little salad and overall I was a huge fan. To end the night we had the pumpkin gelato, and it was the best damn gelato I think i've ever had- and it had the benefit of being eaten the week before Halloween, just as I was beginning to feel all "in the season of Halloween". 
It was a great meal, and I intend for there to be many repeats of it in the future, now that I realize this is so close to my apt.I'm fighting the urge to give Stella 5 stars. Why? Last night's pasts special--pumpkin ravioli with sweet breads in a truffled chicken jus--was one of the best things I've ever eaten. The salad was good, too, and the pizza, great. The service was also friendly and quick. 
Not that 4 is bad, but the past few times I've been, I wasn't as blown away as I was last night. So 4 it is.
Generally Stella offers good service, great food, reasonable prices, an appealing menu, nice space (though with strangely loud 80s music), good outdoor space, and a solid drink list/menu. Especially the sorbet vodka proscecco drink.
As far as pizza goes, it's up there in the ranks of Philly pizzerias IMO, and I'm a tough critic, being a recovering NYer. 
Sometimes it's a bit too kiddy city in there, but given that there are two rooms, plus a bar, you certainly have options if seated next to a brood of bawling babes.
Good food, good times.Steven Star doing Steven Star. Excellent pizza especially the clam pizza. Salads are good. Pretty restaurant with good service and fair prices. I wish Headhouse Square was a better destination but, like I said the pizza is really good. Get one per person.Lunched with a friend here on a Monday afternoon.  There was no wait and we got our food quick.  They have a small selection of alcoholic bevs here in addition to some fancy pizzas and salads.  I had pizza with pancetta and figs and it was amazing.  My friends had a sausage pizza and it was ok, not great.  Decent spot for lunch overallGreat service, but the pizza sucks. Extremely overpriced for sub-par burnt bread this is still soggy. The pizza showed no heart, ingredients that sound good. But never really come together. I suggest stay away to the true pizza lover.Pizza is absolutely delicious. granted, we just came in for a pizza and a drink and it was just perfect. The place smells great, its clean, you see the pizza being made in front of you, couldn't ask for anything better. if you're just looking for a great pizza and a drink, this is your place.Amazing flavor from the mushroom pie with rosemary ham, garlic. Fantastic!
Calamari was wonderful! Would be 5 stars if the beer was colderSo many phenomenal creations here, leaving me dreaming of pizza in Italy. Puffy and tender crusts circle a thin-bottomed pie, mottled with just-right black charring. 
All the pies I've eaten here -- from the simple tomato mozzarella and basil option to the indulgent Tartufo with runny egg yolk -- were oh so surprising and pleasant . Most are topped with mozzarella that tastes fresh and young. The sausage pizza is spiced with long hot pesto that adds a welcome kick. A spinach pizza feels nearly healthy (though not quite, with all that olive oil) with garlicky sauteed spinach, pine nuts and mozzarella. A mushroom pie is overwhelmed with paper thin slices of rosemary ham, a garlic cream sauce and smoked moz. My roommate once had a creative special with sauteed pears and a soft cheese, which was a strikingly adventurous choice for a typically conservative eater. No matter, the few leftovers were boxed up and eaten cold the next day. Despite all the combinations of toppings, the classic Margherita will always be my favorite.
Drinks are expensive and pours are light, but a glass of decent house red for $6 isn't a terrible drain on the wallet.
There are plenty of other options on the menu -- deep bowls of salad, pasta, antipasta -- but why bother ordering them? Stick with the restaurant's focus and you won't go wrong.I visited Pizzeria Stella for the second time* on a Sunday at 6:15 with a party of 7. The restaurant has a relaxed open air vibe, perfect for summer. Myself, dining partner and our dining budding split off the rest of the group to develop our own ordering strategy. We each picked a pizza and agreed to split them three ways. We ordered the pepperoni pizza, the Tarutfo (black truffle & egg) pizza, and the mushroom pizza. I really enjoyed my pepperoni pizza, the truffle pizza was a bit too strong for my enjoyment, and mushrooms aren't really my cup of tea. I ended up eating most of the pepperoni pizza by myself. The remainder of the table ordered the calzone, pomodoro pasta, and Margherita pizza. The crust was the best part with the perfect balance of crispy and doughy, and the toppings were very fresh. Our waiter was friendly and attentive. It was a bit expensive to be a regular go-to pizza place, but it was a nice treat. Great for large groups.
*The first time I went to Pizzeria Stella was with a party of 25 last summer, before I started yelping.What can I say? Well, for starters whoever does the hiring has a good eye for helpful and generally friendly people. I think that's important to note because every visit I've paid to Pizzeria Stella has been pleasant.
They have an amazing sparkling Lambrusco in house that I HAVE to have every time I go. Not saying you should drink that one but they got several tasty wines and drinks so don't bother BYO.
This place is also good for keeping a couple pizza specials that are usually on par for the season, a few weeks back when we went they had a corn pizza for the veg heads that my friend and I tore up with no regrets and the pepperoni is always a favorite. 
Somethings you won't find described in the menu or online are the nice clean restrooms and the bar top seating area where you can watch the pizzas being created and cooked in the wood fired oven. It's a cool thing for the kiddos to see... how real pizza is made. They also have nice desserts but I didn't have any. Was too stuffed with pizza!Wood fired pizza? I'm in. I thought that maybe Philadelphia was finally breaking it's bad pizza curse. Almost, but not quite. 
Pizzaria Stella is easy to get to, and a nice addition to the neighborhood that already includes the Artful Dodge and Xochitl, among others. I arrive with a date on a Friday night, and the place was hopping. Really, really full. Luckily we didn't have to wait on our table, but the restaurant was so loud (between the music and all the animated folks just inches away from us), we had to lean-in to hear each other. 
We order the Tatufo, deciding to split it, and got the immediate "Just one pizza?" from our waitress. Luckily, I'm not easily intimidated. Our wine came out promptly, and the food was fairly rapid, too. The Tartufo is a great pizza with black truffles and a raw egg that the server breaks over the pizza at the table. We were quite pleased with it, but as it cooled the egg became a little less appetizing. The pizza rack that sits on the table is actually really annoying - it takes up far too much space in already tight quarters. Perhaps a rack that clips on to the table, instead of sitting on it? 
I don't have real complaints about the food, location, or atmosphere, but I think they are straddling a hard line between casual and formal. The servers were very attentive - too attentive. We were continually asked if we wanted more wine before we had even finished our glasses, and three different bus boys tried to take our plates away (when we paused from eating) while were still covered in food. In many ways, it just felt like they were trying to rush us out the door. Perhaps we weren't spending enough money?
This is a nice space to stop by with friends if you're in the neighborhood, but it's too loud for a date and too expensive to be an everyday joint.A better deal is a $5 bottle of wine from the state store and a Gianfranco's pizza delivered to your house.  Much better meal too!
But, one does not go to Starr restaurants for the 'food' but I guess for the ambiance.  The service was good and prompt.  We had the Radicchio salad and the Sausage pizza.  It was good, but not the best ever.  The house red wine tasted like battery acid and is overpriced at $5.50 a glass.Stopped here for lunch while working nearby. Would not classify this as a quick lunch but that was fine for me (maybe on another day I'd look for faster options). Ordered the minestrone soup and split the spinach pizza with my coworker. Both were delish! I wish the soup came in a smaller portion - it was a large bowl and almost more of a meal then an app (I did severely burn mouth but that was prob my own fault?). Pizza was perfection - incredible crust and toppings. Overall a little pricier then my usual lunch spot but you get what you pay for? I would absolutely come back here if I was in the neighborhood.If you're looking for your "out of the box" pizza this is the place for you! This casual pizzeria is anything but with their elegantly crafted dishes. The quattro formaggi and mushroom pizzas are our favorite. Also the margarita pizza is a staple that you can't go wrong with and one that we always take home. I have yet to try the pasta but hopefully will try soon. Sitting outside and people watching is definitely a perk of this perfectly located restaurant. Great for date night, meeting up with friends, or families.  Look forward to coming here everytime!Wood-fired pizza that is perfection! You must try the arancini. Going with a group is nice because you can try several pizzas. The egg and truffle pizza is outstanding! We had several others that didn't disappoint if that's not your thing. Save room for gelato, the olive oil is a yummy surprise!This is one of my favorite date night places, this is one of my favorite places to take my family when they visit, and this is hands down my favorite place to go for Pizza Week- their version of restaurant week. For $30 per person, during pizza week, each person gets a glass of house wine, an appetizer, a pizza, and gelato. WORTH. EVERY. PENNY. I've done it twice, both times chosen the olive oil gelato, the stuff that dreams are made of. 
I also love their house-made ceasar dressing, with real lemon and anchovies. The tartufo is, obviously, something we order every time, but I also love the capricola pizza. And if you have enough for leftovers, I swear the tartufo is even better the second day, if you can imagine that. 
My family is relatively normal and midwestern- this is a great place to take them thats not overwhelmingly spendy or trendy, but feels like a nice night out in the city. For what its worth, they also love La Calaca and Zorba's in Fairmount, and Devil's Alley- we're big fans of good food, big portions, reasonable prices, and friendly servers. Stella fits all of those.One of the best pizza places in the area. Prices are pretty reasonable, pizzas are too big for one but not quite enough for too. Not a huge beer selection, but a good variety, and one that they update seasonally.
Nice outdoor seating options, both facing the Headhouse Market as well as the fountain (although it is now turned off for the winter). Even still, with the weather being so nice in the fall, it is a nice option to eat outside, as when it is crowded inside, it can be a little noisy. 
Also, they've opened the new addition for the bar to add additional seating, which will be welcome in the winter.
As far as the food, the rosemary flatbread appetizer is probably the best I have ever had. Very basic and straightforward, but excellent.
In terms of the pizzas, we've tried a couple different ones, and my personal favorite is the pistachio one (although maybe without the onions next time). Crust is done perfectly.
I preferred Stella much more than Osteria, and it was cheaper.Awesome - I have no complaints at all about this place - we had the deep fried risotto balls which were incredible. And then, we got the picante and sausage pizzas - so good! I normally don't even like brick oven pizza but it's to die for here....the crust is chewy rather than being thin and crispy - which is the main thing I dislike about other brick oven pizza. We will definitely be back many many times. Plus we went on a Friday night and only had to wait 20 minutes to get a table. It doesn't get much better than this!Came here today for lunch.
The space is great for large groups. Very open with a visible brick oven.
I have the pomodora pasta - I think that's what it's called- and it was delish. Just a simple pasta dish.
The waitress was very friendly and attentive.
I'll be back to try their pizza and wine.Stella is my go-to place for a good pizza in the city.  It's an upscale casual restaurant with clean tables and good service -- definitely not the place for your typical frat boy meat lover's x-large pizza.  Best seats are in front of the assembly line counter, where you can watch the pizzas coming in and out of the wood-burning oven (unless you're averse to the scent of smoke in your clothes).  In any case, you're sure to be seated relatively quickly.
Though pizzas might be a little smaller than you expected, they're quirky mixes that you won't find elsewhere -- offerings such as Tartufo (egg and truffle), Pistachio (red onion and pistachio), and Pancetta (with kale and onion).  They also have more traditionals like margherita, sausage (a fave), and spinach pizzas in the house.  Don't forget to ask your server if they have a pizza special for the month; we ended up with a fantastic brussels sprouts and bacon pizza.  For apps, the caesar salad was passable, but the beet and gorgonzola salad is a great contrast of flavours.
Drink it all down with a selection from the beer and wine menu, or if you're a non-alchy like me, a Kutztown sarsparilla pop on crushed ice.  Yum!My boyfriend and I decided to go for lunch. We ordered a salad and 2 pizzas because we read that they were small. For taste wise the one was very greasy and alittle soggy. Sorta a disappoint for lunch not sure if we will be going back. I would recommended going to "Slice".I want to not love it because I have a weird love-hate with Starr restaurants. 
But do love it. This is my go-to for brick oven pizza in Philly. I've had every one of their pizzas and they're all chargrilled joy. My all-time faves are their margherita (can't go wrong with a classic), lamb (serious comfort food!), and pancetta (bacon in Italian is still delicious). 
My favorite thing on the menu is definitely their grilled octopus salad. It's salty and refreshing at the same time. That lime and herb in the salsa verde dressing really kicks up the dish and the octopus is cooked perfectly every time (not an easy feat!)
Their cocktails are pretty decent too but honestly, all I need is the octopus salad and some brick oven deliciousness.A girl needs a half here. 3 and a HALF stars for this place. I love brick oven style pizza, but after Pizzeria Vetri and Nomad's and Zavino... so hard to discern which is better! We had their special pizza which was a lamb prosciutto and it was very good. The ambiance is very casual. Lots of long tables so good for groups. Lots of families and kids there. Wouldn't necessarily go on a date there.Stella is really a great no-frills pizza place, surprisingly from Starr.  While the pizza oven dominates the space, this is no Buddakan or El Vez -- the decor is nothing to see here.  But, there's definitely something to eat.  The Tartufo pizza is probably the best pizza I've ever had, and the broccoli rabe appetizer is great.Since moving into the neighborhood, Stella's has become a great staple. Everyone has that time when they don't feel like cooking or just lack the time to prepare a meal. Stella's provides a very satisfying alternative from appetizers to dessert. Those pizzas are really tasty. I love that the sausage has a really intense sausage taste you don't find in many other places. So far, my wife and I have tasted all but a few from the menus. None of them have been a bad choice. It has a great ambience if you wish to meet with friends. If you want to just make a pickup, they can have your order in a quick ten minutes.Oh Stella how I dearly wanted to love you, but alas it cannot be. Your crust was too salty, a bit too thin and burned in all the wrong places, and your toppings lacked flavor. Such a disappointment and nowhere near the Neapolitan pizza I obsessed over in Naples..Beyond crushed with disappointment..Nice atmosphere, great service and good menu. One star off for price/value. We had the broccoli raab and a margherita pizza. Both were excellent. I would return.Pretty environment and a good idea--just poorly executed--and this from a Steven Starr fan.
The pizza was so-so--I've had better nearly everywhere. The crust is so thin it gets burnt and full of bubbles. It tasted more charry than anything.
The salads were quite yummy, but toddler sized. 
The service is to die from. The aggressive move-it-along attitude (on a night when there were PLENTY of open tables) was obscene. I was not even seated before I was asked what I wanted to drink. We were just settling in when an inquiry was made about our order. Our pizzas were a quarter eaten when a crazy-eyed busboy asked if he could remove them for us. Our waitress was like a parody of herself--grinning and maniacally perky and interrupting us constantly--visibly impatient to turn our table. Ick.
When I've paid ninety dollars for pizza for two, I do NOT want the check dropped before I've requested it. Especially by a moron who says "Not to hurry you, but  here's the check." And then repeatedly checks for the money. You can't charge upscale prices and provide low-rent service.
Chaotic and unrelaxing--the opposite of a warm Italian experience. Disappointing.I happen to be a fan of Steven Starr's restaurants so I couldn't wait to check out what he was able to do with on of my favorite foods, pizza. The first time I attempted to go, there was a line out the door so we opted to check it out before a phillies game during the week, right when they opened.  
The atmosphere : is very different from his other restaurants, very quaint and I enjoyed it on a late sunny afternoon. Definitely not a place to go and grab a drink like his other restaurants.
Starter: We shared the sheeps milk  ricotta cheese and flatbread app to start off. I looooove ricotta cheese and this was very yummy. It was so good that I asked if we could hold onto it and dip our pizza crust into it.  
The Pizza- We shared the sausage. I am a huge fan of thin crust and this was a nice thickness for me- thought the bottom was alittle too black- I understand it's the result of a wood oven  but I thought it was too much.  I thought the flavor over all of the pizza was good- nothing to make me think it's the best pizza I've ever eaten though.
Wine: it was ok- had two glasses of pino grigio- It might have been just a mental thing but I don't like how they serve the wine in stemless square glasses- I guess that goes with the motif though
Over all- I 'd go back again- but don't think this restaurant compares to his other restaurantsI'm going to have to disagree with my old buddy Mikey I.  Do I ever crave Stella specifically?  EVERY SINGLE DAY.  More specifically - TARTUFO pizza.  My boyfriend is tired of hearing me say that this pizza is like crack to me (he loves it too but chooses to branch out to specialty pizzas and other stuff, which is always excellent as well).  We've been here several times and have always had a great experience.  Service is consistently good and pizza ingredients fresh and fabulous.  I don't know what's in that pizza dough, but it's really the only pizza crust that I insist on eating every bite of.  Also, do yourself a favor and grab a Sgroppino - especially if you're sitting on the sidewalk people watching - it's the perfect summer drink.My favorite is hanging out at the bar and relaxing with a beer.  I'm a creature of habit and my latest addiction is the Grilled Octopus Salad.  For this type of weather, it's refreshing, light and so tasty that at one point I was there 4 times in a week and one of the sittings, I had two orders...yes two!  Oh and now that they've added the pasta dishes, they have my belly's full attention...pardon the pun.  The bartender's are great so sitting alone is lonely but if you don't feel like talking, there's a TV.The pizza at Stella's is wet and soggy, extremely chewy, and the crusts were burned.
The cheese was also below average, nothing quality about it, and it slipped off the pizza as it was so wet!  Part of the problem was also too much sauce.
I went last night with a friend and we had been expected something much closer to authentic Italian brick oven pizza.  Stella's didn't come anywhere close!
Seriously, don't waste your time or money here!Had a fantastic lunch today at Stella. Was highly recommended so we finally decided to venture to Society Hill for some fire oven pizza.
The dough is fantastic--I love thin crust pizza but sometimes the crust isn't flavorful or is too crunchy. Not this though! We had a Stromboli as well which was bursting flavorful pepperoni and served with a side of drinkable marinara.
Service was great; Canyon was friendly and warm without being overbearing. Ambiance is open and simple. Great view from the window side table. We'll definitely be back!!Mr. Starr does a lot of things quite well: steak, Mexican, Asian, French, German, basic comfort food, and steak too...so it should come as no surprise that when he does pizza, the results are basically fantastic.  The atmosphere and service are both top-notch, and the menu leaves absolutely nothing to be desired.  The pizza is superb, and in my opinion, it's all I know of that gives Dock Street's pie a good competitor.  Lastly, I have to give extra credit to our server Molly, who, as luck would have it, got to experience my seemingly deaf and clueless father, along with my always-creepy Uncle Chall, on her very first night on the job.  She handled those two weirdos quite well and with a perpetual smile, and I wish her the best.As the youngsters say these days, OMG.  As good as, or better than, places in NY that make similar styles, like Roberta's, Paulie Gee's, Keste, Co., etc.  The margherita is fabulous but the tartufo is impossibly incredible.  We also had a few apps (including the meatballs) which were also fantastic.  Top notch.Very delicious, inventive pizzas. Wood stove, thin crust, perfect amount of grease. Friendly atmosphere, and beer prices are reasonable, 6 dollar range for a craft draft. The pizzas are on the small side though, and you will almost need a pizza per person if everyone you are with has a big appetite. And at the $11-19 range per pizza, it makes it most most expensive pizzeria I've ever been to.Love the location and atmosphere but the pizza was way too salty.  Very hard to enjoy it and should have sent it back after the first piece.Good pizza, convenient to us in Head House Square - slightly overpriced though.I had been wanting to to try this place for a while, since I like most of what Stephen Starr offers.  This ended up being an exception.  The first problem - only two beers on tap.  Really, come on.  One was Stella (ha ha) and the other was something seasonal, that didn't even interest me.  Then came the meal.  The choices were interesting and I thought that after having the first one I ordered, I would probably be ordering a second.  That wasn't going to happen.  The pizza we received looked nice, but was not memorable at all.  The crust did not have much flavor and was slightly burnt.  And the toppings were interesting, but just did not work well together.  I should have gone to Bertucci's.
Sorry, but if am looking for a place to grab a bite (or a beer) in the future, I will not be headed here.It's okay pizza for me. When it comes to pizza, I have high expectations. I managed a pizza restaurant for over a year so it made me picky. 
This pizza place is really nice & friendly inside. The workers on the line seem like good people that are happy with their jobs. They are a hoot to watch when someone weird walks in, btw. 
The manager (&/or owner?) though, reminds me of one of those clueless, fashion saavy owners that walks around the restaurant with a rag pretending to do stuff, but really hasn't a clue. LOL! I was sitting there watching the guy waiting for Gordon Ramsay to come out from around the corner to ask him wtf he was doing!? LOL!
The pizza left an after taste of being burnt. 3pm on a Saturday & there was almost no one in there. 
This is the issue I have with wood burning ovens, they heat unevely. I much prefer convention line pizza ovens only because they heat evenly. 
Don't get me wrong though, I LOVE my pizza crust well done! I DO NOT love it burnt! There is a HUGE difference. 
Unfortunately, because Stella burned my pizza b/c of their inattention to hot spots in their oven, I won't be back. 
Usually, I give a restaurant three chances. Pizza, on the other hand, is a one shot deal with me. Also, for what I got...I found it to be overpriced. The pizzas are small & thin. Not my preference.
Go to Pietro's a block and a half over instead. Pizza is waaaay better & waiters are fun to look at! Ha!My second visit, sat at the bar both times. Ice cold Stella's and good pizza, relaxing.. The mix of salty pizza and beer makes for a great meal... Apps are good.. Give it a tryWhen I looked up this place on Yelp to post my review, I actually thought I had the wrong name.  Wait, Stella, right?  The Stella whose slices got top honors in Philadelphia magazine?  You Philly folks are a tough crawwd to please.  Either that, or we here in the Beantown don't know our pizza.  
Nope.  That's not it.
I came with a few folks and shared a sausage pie. (That means "a pizza" for all you non- Mid Atlantic folks). ;)   I thought it was delicious. The dough was a bit burnt on the edges, but otherwise thin and nicely doughy at the crust.  The sausage seemed low- fat yet full in flavor, and was crumbled perfectly over a nice, fresh tomato tasting sauce with cheese.   Service was quick and knowledgeable.  The brick oven was the center of the attention atmosphere-wise, and I don't necessarily think that's a bad thing.  We were there for pizza, after all.
Highly recommend for a higher-end slice.Unlike Starr's other restaurants (think Buddakan & Morimoto), this one is less fancy and more down to earth. Don't get me wrong-- the pizza was superb (we had the sausage and added ricotta from our appetizer) and anything but average, but the atmosphere is more laid back and relaxed.
As a connoisseur of pizza crust, I found theirs to be exceptional.
The wait staff is attentive and soft spokenly nice.
Stella is a great place to grab a bite and enjoy the outdoors in a charming neighborhood. Would definitely recommend outdoor seating if available.
One small problem we had were aggressive drivers constantly honking their horns at the intersection next to the restaurant. It was somewhat obnoxious but can't be helped, I suppose.pizza is good, food overall is pretty decent, not amazing. cute spot in soc hill thoStella = Stellar!
San Daniele pizza is to die for; the arugala on top is a nice, fresh addition.
Also watching the pizza boys in action is pretty fun ;)I remember coming here shortly after their opening and being completely underwhelmed. I've gotta admit, I'm kind of a Starr-hater. I'm just never impressed by any of the restaurants in neither decor, ambiance and most especially food. I've given this place a few more chances but I'm still not wild about it.
I will give Stella props though for being a good neighborhood establishment. This is the place to come in a group of 3-4 or more and share several pizzas. How is it? It's good, but for some reason, I'm just not crazy about it. The pancetta is probably my favorite.
Will I pop in here occasionally? Sure, if I'm in the neighborhood, looking for a nice sit-down place and it's pizza that I'm craving or settling for. Do I ever crave Stella specifically? Eh, not really.Ugh I hate to downgrade my review after a few really pleasantly delicious meals here, but things have definitely gone downhill...
Stopped by last night around 8:30 and the place was DEAD..maybe 4 other parties? I was shocked because every other time I had been there the place was packed and there was a wait. I was excited that we could be seated so soon and figured it was a fluke, but after the meal I think the slow night was probably because other people have noticed the evident decline. 
I will say the Caesar salad that I ordered was sublime. The romaine was crisp and fresh and the dressing was delicious. Garlicky and creamy and honestly one of the best renditions of the classic salad I have had in the city. 
We also went with the ricotta and flat bread starter. Yuck! Gross! Blarg! (It was so gross it deserves the invention of a new word to explain how I feel about it.) The ricotta was grainy and gloopy. Maybe I am spoiled bc I live on 13th with easy access to the heavenly ricotta available at Zavino and Barbuzzo. This is a travesty to the cheese world. I don't even know how they made it so badly, but it was. 
We went with the sausage pizza, ordered well done. When it came out I had high hopes seeing the bubbly black charred bits on the crust, but one bite in I realized it was false advertising. I can only guess that the temperature of wood fire oven was WAY off...the dough cooked too quickly on the outside giving the appearance of a well cooked pizza, but in reality the interior was still chewy and doughy--not even close to done!  
The other big offense was the greasiness of the pie. At first I thought it was just very fatty (albeit flavorful sausage) but I started watching the chef actually making the pizzas (we were sitting at the bar overlooking the oven.)  When every single pizza came out of the oven he proceeded to pour more olive oil on it...why?! It isn't adding flavor to the pizza, just additional fat and moisture. Maybe on a crispy pizza it wouldn't have been so offensive but on my barely cooked dough it was a mess. 
We also ordered a carafe of sangria to split. While the flavor was a little too sweet for me, it was drinkable. My only question is why are they serving apple/cinnamon sangria in the Spring? Shouldn't sangria have a seasonal fresh profile...very confusing drinking this on a warm April night. 
I am sad to say I probably will not be back to Stella after last night. And based on the dearth of customers, I can assume that I am not the only one that's not making a return trip. Sad Face.Amazing.  I wanted to try everything on the menu and the ambiance was comfortable. Attentive bartender even though I came during the awkward pre dinner timeslot. I met their general manager Tracey and she was super sweet and genuinely cared about my experience. This was my first time here, and I will definitely be back!Stella has the best limp-crusted pizza in town. And no, it's not a good thing.Only had to wait about 15 minutes for our party of 5 on a busy Friday night. Menu is not very big, but the salads and pasta dishes were absolutely outstanding. Pomodoro spaghetti was as good as you'd find in Italy. I thought the pizza was a little watery, but the flavors were good. Service was okay, a little slow but the place was packed. Food came out really quickly - within 5-6 minutes. Would definitely go back and sit outside when the weather warms up!amazing.
pistachio, red onion, and fontina pizza = one of the best dishes i've had in philadelphia.
easy going, helpful staff.
clean, relaxed, european style atmosphere. 
beautiful bar and brick oven. 
i can't say enough about this place.
bring a couple friends, try a couple different pizzas to share, a glass of house wine or an italian beer.
so good.S T E LLLLLL A!
the good crust is back!See & be seen airy & open atmosphere.  Excellent Star decor & great corner location on Head House.
The toppings are excellent, creative but the crust lacks the complexity of mature pizza dough.  There are ways to make fast dough that is still aged correctly.  A young dough is overwhelmed by the direct heat of the wood brick oven.
Also, the sauce could use more basil & oregano.
Appetizers such as calamari/octopus salad (refreshingly NOT deep fried), asparagus and olive assortment all excellent.  Though olives could have used provolone shards.
Service was patchy at first, but they strove arduously to correct it and were mostly successful.  It WAS a busy night.I am in town on business and needed a pizza.  I am glad I found Stella's.  The wood fired pizza is simple but everything you want in a pizza.   Great crust and great toppings.  Rivals some of the best pizza I have had.  They also have nice beer selection that compliments the pizza well.  Do not forget to leave room for the Gelato.   You will not be disappointed. Last but not least, the staff were super nice and welcoming.We chose Pizzeria Stella when looking for a place to bring our young children and meet up with a friend visiting the city for one night.  It was a great choice.  The food was really really good and the service was great.  It was the perfect atmosphere for what we were looking for.  We don't live in center city but if we did we would absolutely visit more often.Really great location and awesome brick-oven pizzas.  The waiter told us they usually suggest one pizza per person, but they are easily sharable.  My mom had the rock shrimp pasta, which came in a creamy tomato sauce and was sublime.
Their beer is good value, but as is the case with any Philly restaurant, the wine is expensive.  The great thing about Pizzeria Stella is that they have (actually tasty) house wine that is significantly cheaper.We were here last year soon after they opened and remembered how tasty the pizza was so we were excited for a repeat experience. This time was even bettter. We were lucky to get a table right away on a busy Saturday early evening. The server was friendly and brought us our drinks promptly. The pizza was on the table about 10 minutes after we ordered. Apparently the 900 degree oven makes it super quick to bake the pizza. We ordered the Margherita and the sausage pies. It was a flavor party. It was sad when it was all gone. Love this place!Pizzeria Stella has been calling to me since it opened. I love a good pie, and my freind Quinn lives around the block. I was (an still am) thrown off by Starr's comments that good pizza isn't available in Philly. Tacconelli's has always been a special treat for me, and it's widely considered some of the best pizza in the country, not just Philadelphia. Is Starr just pimping up his new place? Or does he really believe that if it's not under his watch, it's not that good? I may never know.
For an appetizer, Quinn and I split arancini. It's a creamy, buttery, mushroom risotto rolled into a ball, lightly breaded and deep fried. The outside has the texture of hushpuppy. The contrast of the fried outside and the delicious pasta inside truly makes a great dish. I don't remember having arancini before, so I don't have anything else to compare it to, but this was a great way to start our meal.
Stella is likely the fanciest pizza you will find in Philadelphia, and truth be told, it is some of the best. My mouth is watering a bit just thinking about it.  They are small, at 12 inches in diameter. Much has been made of the pistachio pizza, and I was quite happy with our decision to split it. It is a white pizza topped with chopped pistachios, red onion, fontina, and olive oil. The combination and ratio of these toppings was great, and having nuts on a pizza tasted completely natural.
Our second pie was the Piccante: capicola (prosciutto-like spied and cured ham), provolone, crushed red pepper, and tomato sauce. The sauce is great; sweet and tangy, but still only a compliment to the other toppings. This pie was good, but the capicola was much too salty, and seemed to dominate the whole pie. Quinn disagreed with me though. The Piccante was her favorite, while I preferred the pistachio.
Sadly, the beer list here is weak. The beers are either not very good, overpriced, and in some cases, both. I'm interested in how Starr's beer garden shapes up. The rest of the menu is rounded out with twelve pies in total, and there should be one that would please any palate. Menu can be seen here. The service and atmosphere are right in line with Starr's other locations. The open kitchen where the pies are made and the prominent oven are gimmicky. But they're cool gimmicks nonetheless.
Bottom Line: Pizzas are small and expensive, but delicious. The outdoor seating here makes this a great summer or spring dinner. You'll drop around $50 for two without drinks, but it is worth it. The pies are really great, and the medley of toppings is a real treat.I LOVE this place. Their pizza is incredible. Although it's a bit pricey, the pizzas are definitely worth it. The brick oven really makes for an original taste. Their appetizers are just as awesome, and the atmosphere is really great. An awesome pick for lunch or dinner on a cold day.Went for an event which a friend had an open bar and it was incredible!!! Loved the service and the pizza wasn't exactly my style (I prefer greasy floppy pizza) but it was still absolutely delicious. I loved the decor with the collection of bottle openers on the wall!My boyfriend and I decided last minute to choose someplace for dinner, and Pizzeria Stella is two blocks from my apartment. This was my first Steven Starr restaurant and I have to say that despite the reputation I enjoyed myself and didn't feel robbed for small portions. 
There was a 10 minute wait for a table so we got a few drinks at the bar. The peach sangria was delicious with fresh sliced peaches and none of that overpowering peach schnapps taste. The bartender sold my boyfriend on some bourbon they had just gotten in, so I think she knew her stuff.
The waitress took time to explain the pizza menu and we went with the grilled octopus (potatoes, fennel, salsa verde) and the sausage pizza (red sauce, fresh mozzarella, pesto). The grilled octopus was delicious, if piled with a high fennel-to-octopus ratio. 
The pizza was good, but it could have been better: the crust of the pizza was light and browned on the outside but it was almost soggy in the middle. The ingredients were obviously fresh, but next time I think I'd try a different meat (the sausage was tasty with the pesto but nothing spectacular). These 12" pizzas are 6 large slices each, but since it's thin we finished feeling slightly less than full. That being said, three hours later I wasn't hungry so it was probably the ideal amount for a meal for two.
I can see myself coming back here to take advantage of the outdoor tables facing Headhouse Square.We were here for the first time last weekend.  The crust is absolutely amazing!  It's light, soft, but also crispy!  I don't usually like Margheita pizza, but this one was really delicious!  We also had the Spinach and I loved that as well!  In fact, we loved it so much we came back the next day and had lunch after some shopping at the farmer's market.  I think this might become a routine!You have to love this place for it's eclectic-yet delicious- pizza toppings. The dough is very light and is cooked to perfection in the brick oven. Didn't quite understand why we were told the wait was 30+ minutes when there were empty tables- also there seemed to be a lot of couples sitting at tables for 4+ people--didn't quite make sense and the THREE hostesses were too busy chatting it up with eachother that I don't even think they noticed they could be doing a much better job at getting people fed. Our waitress was great- and the service was fast. 
Bottom Line: Highly recommend this place for a casual bite to eat where you can have an elevated pizza experience!I don't get the good reviews. The pizza quickly went cold. Tasted blah. I rather go around the corner to Peatro's.I want the world to know that yesterday I had the best  brick oven pizza of my life. It was the tartufo and it rocked my world. I showed up with a group of 15+ at 7:30 on Saturday and the staff  were nothing but nice and helpful in seating all of us (without reservations!) and getting us drinks & food & more drinks. Their pizzas are thin and just the right amount of crispy and the Italian beers are worth a try...yeah, I'll definitely be back.Quite possibly the best pizza in the South Street area. I had the olive oil gelato and it was one of the best desserts I have ever eaten. Friendly staff and nice atmosphere.I live around the corner and eat at Stella at least twice per month.  I love their pizza's.  There Pistachio pizza, while an odd combination is delicious.  My kids also love it, so it is one of our go-to restaurants.  I wish their were more appetizer/salad choices.  While the gelato is delicious, they have taken some of their best flavors off the menu (milk chocolate, blackberry).The pizza here is really special, the kind were every precious morsel of crust is hunted down with deadly efficacy.They left the R off of Stellar for a reason. 
Well, as usual , the place looks nice. Steven Starr has a knack for making a restaurant look nice and have a vibe/scene. I cant argue with that. The thing is , he also has the same knack for providing decent at best food to go along with that. Pizzeria Stella is another example. Nice looking place,  not so amazing food. 
We went and chose the Pizza Vongole and the Calamari.Both were sub par , Both ended up making us a feel a bit "off" I should have known better than to get a pizza with clams. Stick to the basics knucklehead. I will review my own decision to get a pizza with clams on it. That review would be F- . But lets get back to the restaurant. 
The prices  are too high for whats being offered. Another major minus. If a place in Rome can charge 7 bucks for the worlds best tasting pizza. Mr. Starr , please follow suit. Go straight to Dar Poeta in the Trestevere section of Rome and report for your punishment.  
Mediocre food, fancy shmancy (ish) surroundings and a very basic level of  service = snore.
thank you.I paid $3.50 for a small glass of diet coke and my $10 half-portion of pasta was under cooked, but the atmosphere is nice and the pizza does look good.  They just need to get over themselves a bit and I'll happily try again )I hadn't gone to Stella in a while, but I think they have remained consistent.  The staff was very polite and helpful, while not being pushy.
The pizza is really the important part, though.  The pizza is very good.  The crust is thin and crispy.  The toppings are fresh.  The sauces vary, but none are too sweet.  I recommend the pistachio or the tartufo.  The other important thing is that it does not feel greasy or heavy, even the pizzas that have a tomato based sauce.
It is also nice to be able to sit outside and enjoy the weirdness of Headhouse Square.  At times it is bustling and others is deader than roadkill and smells just as bad.  The weird thing is, though, because the sidewalk is so steeply sloped, it sometimes can take some effort keeping you drink of your lap.Pros:
- Everyone loved their pizza.  I was expecting a totally adequate pizza and instead got a damn fine pizza.
- They ask for your phone number so you can wander around and buy boots while waiting for a table.
- Our server was nice and took pretty good care of us.
Cons:
- A Friday night table for 5 took well over an hour (which i guess might not be THAT long in the restaurant world, but I was hungry!).
- You have to share giant tables with other people, which was fine when we were seated next to a group of nice people, but annoying when a bunch of screaming college kids sat down right before we left.  At least we didn't have to deal with them for long.
- What the hell is with their 11 oz cups?  The wait staff is busy enough without having to refill my water 4 times.  
I don't think it's worth dealing with the prime dinner time crowd.  I mean it's really good, but, ultimately, it's just pizza.  If you happen to be in the area when they're not filled to the brim, stop in for a pie.  If there's a ridiculous wait and you have a back up plan where there won't be (like, say, Lorenzo's), feel free to pass.Stopped by after walking Spruce Street Harbor Park, because we (read I) were absolutely famished.  My friend and I decided on the specials for both appetizer and pizza.  The appetizer was a lovely, little lump of burrata, grilled peaches, plums, mint leaves and pine nuts and it was absolutely delicious.  V. refreshing on the warm summer day.  I was the one who decided on the pizza despite being skeptical of the zucchini topping - the lemon/ricotta was what really sold me.  This too was great.  The zucchini did not make the crust soggy and the hint of lemon was a pleasant surprise.  I've been here before, but this, by far, was my best experience yet.  Check 'em out!Beautiful restaurant, great for a date night or a night out with friends.  I personally like to take my family here when they come to visit.  At the center of the restaurant is a huge hearth-style oven where they make delicious, sophisticated pizzas.  You can sit at the bar and watch your pizzas being made, and also get great ideas for what to try next time!
My Dad and I have developed a tradition of stopping by Stella's for lunch whenever he's in the area, and we've managed to try quite a variety of their pizzas and have never been bored!  I'd highly recommend this place, probably my favourite pizzeria in Philly.Try #7. Awesome thin crust pizza. Spicy with everything else just right. 
Fisst visit  to Philly.  What wonderful people. Truly the City of brother love.Just went to Stella's...on a Friday afternoon.  No crowds. No pressure.  We had the Pistachio pizza...a white pizza with red onion slices and chopped pistachio's.  I never had the combination and it was delicious!  The crust was superb...thin, crispy, and folded well.  The pizza is a bit pricey at $14 for a pie that would be a small or medium at most other pizzeria's.  Next time, I plan to try the margerita...so I can sample the tomato sauce.  I'd go back anytime.
They do have takeout...no delivery. 
We had no pressure from the server...but then again, there were probably no more than 10 other people in the shop .I had heard rave reviews and it did not disappoint! The dough was pillowy soft with a perfect char. My son ordered the margherita - loved the basil flavor & the buffalo mozzarella. I ordered the piccante, which had just the right touch of spice. At the last minute I added the highly recommended tartufo- wow, what a pie! The earthy truffle, the salty fontina and the rich egg yolk drizzle were a perfect combination! So delicious! We'll definitely be back!!Steven Starr has finally done me right.  While I admit I haven't been a fan of the fare at many of his restaurants, Pizzeria Stella has tasty brick-oven pizzas that are sure to please anyone in the family.  The dough is crispy, yet chewy and the flavor combinations pop in your mouth.
I give special props to this place for being able to accommodate my oh-so-picky cousins (all 10 of them) and having everyone leave a happy camper.  Will definitely be back.Starr has the ability to make any space seem pretentious but relaxed at the same time ( its a weird gift) Sunday I was craving pizza ( not the standard delivery) so a friend and i wandered over to Stella to have a bite and chat it up . We decided to sit at the high top "bar" where you could see the pizza magic happening around you. I will say that i like the wine list ALOT. All options come from the boot and are fairly priced for the area and hell ill say it for a Starr joint. We both did glasses of the house red which was a smooth montepulciano it was perfect and rang in at only 5.50 per glass. I will say that i was annoyed they dont offer it by the bottle but its still a great buy. 
We decided on the tartufo since most of the options have some sort of meat product on them. Tartufo has been one of the main pizzas ive ordered and the best in the city so far is Zavinos rendition when they have it on the menu.
The crust was legit and the truffle oil was milder than i would have liked. But all of the components (cheese, runny egg )worked well. The pies here are all 12' so we each had about 3 good size slices. We added an order of broccoli rabe and were both left satisfied. Im going with the 3 because of the price.  The pizza was almost 20.00 and not really worth more than 15 in my opinion. Im not opposed to spending money on a quality meal ever, i just felt like there could have been more; more done to the pizza and slightly larger maybe 14''. 
Id probably return to try the traditional pie, it seemed to be the house favorite oh and of course that house montepulciano.Sometimes I wish steven Starr would be content with the little concept restaurants he has. Was Stella good? It was ok. Have I had better pizza? Yes! $95 plus tip for four pies, and sodas/espresso? My back right pocket is aching steven. You are a wallet rapist. How you convinced everyone that what you touch is worth it...brilliant. But this is a shot at all of your restaurants and you. You lack love. And you lack heart. And because of this, yeah you will make money, but you will NEVER have a great restaurant. sorry to be personal. 
PS stop wearing ripped up "gym" clothes to go check up on your money-traps. dress up and have some respect for your restaurants, their employees, their patrons and most importantly yourself. it makes you that much worse.Excellent pizza.  Fresh and different.   We had a simple pepperoni and sausage but the flavors were exceptional.   Great atmosphere, very attentive service and in a beautiful part of the city.   Highly recommend it!Great outdoor seating! Came here with 6 of my friends and we were able to get a table outside with no wait. The service was great, they also have a good wine selection. We started with calamari which was good but nothing special. We got the burrata cheese with flatbread which was good and enough for 6 people, only downfall is they give you like no bread for all the cheese. But our waitress brought us more before we had to ask. We split some pizzas, the mushroom one was good but the arugula one was my favorite. Overall good dining experience I would go back!Just moved to the area and I love pizza, this place is amazing! Nice people that work there, amazing pizza! A lot of options. Definitely will be going back multiple times! If you love pizza, this is your place!Great atmosphere. Food was awesome. Fried risotto and meat balls are by far the best I've had. Peroni on tap which is a plus. Highly recommend.This is not your average pizzeria.  It is a Steven Starr restaurant, which means it caters to an upscale, hard to please customer base and it has to work for its laurels.  Then the location in Headhouse Square in the middle of one of the most historic residential areas in North America.  And just a block and a half to the South Street compilation of punk rockers and partying students...  Which means a cacophony of personalities...  Then there was the food... Outstanding.  We entered to celebrate a couple's anniversary along with two other couples, and left both happy and satiated.  Their pizzas are the thin-dough kind, easier on the nutrition-conscious.  We tried the superb Quattro Fromaggi, a succulent Prosciutto and Arugula pie, their Pistachio, and finally a Spinach pizza. The appetizers included a superb flat bread with a ricotta dip and a mouth-watering octopus salad. Travis, our waiter, was a tornado of activity and provided outstanding service, making the evening even better.  Their gelatos are superb, and my only recommendation is to have a dessert like sorbet or something akin for the growing number of lactose allergic or lactose intolerant customers.  Their espresso was awesome.  
And of course, al fresco dining in Headhouse Square so you can bring your furry friend.  Excellent restaurant....The service was fast and prompt. The waiter was super friendly and accommodating and she off the bat asked if we have any dietary concerns with some recommendations. The prawn and tomato sauce appetizer was a bit too sour for my taste but the pizza was phenomenal!! We had the mushroom pizza minus the meat all in all, great ambience, great service, great (worth the price) food.Excellent!!! Crust is almost too thin on some, but the overall quality makes up for it. Highly recommended.If only they had cooked the pizza like 20 seconds longer. I don't like my pizzas to have soggy centers. Other than that, like other reviewers have said the pizzas are really good and although the waiters tell you 1 per person (it's a 12" pizza) that really can feed two people. The half sizes of pasta on the other hand are definitely small portions. I wasn't that hungry thankfully, but normally this would not have been enough for a filling meal (and not enough for the price!!!).
Beer selection is very small. The usual Italian options - Stella, Peroni. Also had a couple local brews on tap. Only 1 TV in the entire restaurant, and its over at their very small 5 seater bar.
Good things:
-Atmosphere: very cozy, dim lighting, lots of groups of happy people
-Service: bartender and waiters were all polite, prompt, knowledgeable, and not pushy
-Food: even though pizza was a little soggy and pasta was small, both tasted greatAwesome! Sorry for not forwarding pic's but the food looked so good we prayed  and jumped right in. Had the meatballs as an app.... they were really good. Great service and the pizza's are so  good I'm willing to claim them as amongst the best I've had (and I had quite a few). Don't skip dessert you will not be disappointed. Cudos to Jared our server.There should be two ratings one for service and one for food. The service in this place gets a 2 at best. Once we were sat 4 employees came over to our table to tell us our server would be with us shortly. 10 minutes later we were greeted by our waiter, he was nice and described the specials and took our order. After that we didn't see him again. No one ever came to refill our drinks or even ask how the food was.  The check was just randomly placed on the table by another waiter and I had to wait another 10 minutes before my waiter appeared to pay it. 
Now on to the food.... One word.... Delicious!  We started with an heirloom tomato, burrata, and pesto salad. It had the perfect amount of salt to enhance the whole dish. We then had the Quattro Formaggi and Tartufo pizzas, both were amazing. For dessert we ended with Olive Oil gelato and a Honey Mascarpone gelato just because they were different. We were more then pleased. 
Had the waitstaff been attentive and treated us better, giving this place 5 stars would be a no brainer.Purports to be modeled after the famous Frank Pepe's in New Haven. That's where I'm originally from and grew up eating true New Haven apizza. This pizza , albeit edible, is not in the same league with Pepe's. Crust not burned the way true neopolitan apizza should be. Sauce and ingredients passable, but nothing special. Anthony's CoalnFired Pizza is closer to New Haven apizza than this is.best italian pizza in philly (it just has more dough-texture than typical roman pizza, more napoli-pizza style)
great house wine
delicious!!!!!!Just a quick update to let you all know that I am still loving Pizzeria Stella. And last time we were there, we finally tried some apps and were so delighted! The shrimp arrabiata, broccoli rabe, and grilled octopus were all SO GOOD. In fact, the grilled octopus was some of the yummiest, meatiest octopus I've had in a while. I am hungry just thinking about it. Oh, and the pizza and service are still fantastic too.This review is long overdue. Stella has the most creative and scrumptious pizzas!  But in addition to great, thin-crusted, wood oven-baked pizzas, they have terrific salads and pastas!  Though their menu isn't huge, what they do they do amazingly well!  Our consistent favorites are the following:
Antipasti:  
- shrimp arrabbiata (get extra flatbread to soak up that flavorful sauce)
- Grilled octopus
- Rosemary flatbread 
Insalate:
- kale salad
Pasta (we love that they offer two sizes so you can order a small enjoy other things on the menu):
- Pomodoro
- Crab gemelli
Pizza 
- Brussels sprouts (our all time favorite!)
- Mushroom
- Nduja
- Tartufo
- Spinach
Buon appetito!It's not my favorite place for pizza in the city, but it is solid.  I've been here twice and the first time was not as good of an experience as the second time.  The first time, we tried the margherita and san danielle.  I thought the san danielle had too much prosciutto (IMO) and the margherita was good but not great.  It was too burnt on the outside and very soggy in the center.  The second time I dined here, I tried the chopped salad and marinara pizza.  I would choose this place for their Neapolitan style pizza over Nomad but I personally prefer a Santuccis or Square Pie style pizza.As a North Jersey native, I am an unapologetic pizza snob and I don't see anything wrong with that.  I've lived in Philly for 4 years and have since been trying, mostly fruitlessly, to find a pizza joint that can live up to NY standards.  I have found a few that are decent, but that Holy Grail of Philadelphia pizza has yet to be discovered.  
When I first heard about Stella, I had mixed feelings.  On the one hand, I read that Stephen Starr had traveled across the country seeking pizza knowledge from the greats.  This to me indicated that he was taking pizza seriously, as it should be taken.  I allowed myself to get slightly excited, but I kept my cynicism for both Stephen Starr and the Philly black-hole-of-pizza dilemma nearby.
I purposely waited several weeks after its opening to try Stella.  I wanted to give it time to work out its kinks and problems inevitable during startup.  I really wanted to love you, Stella!  But alas, I can't make me love you, if I don't.  
My two comrades and I arrived at 7 pm last night (Friday).  We were greeted by a very friendly hostess who took our name and cell number in case we wanted to wander around the neighborhood while we waited.  We appreciated this gesture, but it was drizzling so we sat in some chairs by the door and watched the cooks make the pizzas and took in the decor.  It was well-thought-out like all Starr restaurants, but certainly cozy and welcoming while still managing to be trendy and hip.  We were seated in about 20 minutes at a long table with other groups.  The long tables definitely bolster the casual, fun, family-style vibe but if you're there on a first or second date, I would recommend requesting one of the smaller tables.
The menu was small and limited which I think is appropriate for a pizzeria.  The focus should be on the pizza, and there shouldn't be BBQ chicken or any other crazy toppings.  I suppose I am a pizza purist.
We ordered fried risotto balls for an appetizer.  They arrived in a pool of marinara sauce.  I cut one open with my fork and found a dark grayish material in the middle that looked like ground meat.  Since we are all either vegetarians or pesco-vegetarians, we inquired about it and were told that it was mushroom.  Mushroom was not stated in the menu, and one of my companions abhors them.  Aside from this annoyance, they were kind of bland.
Then we ordered a margherita pizza and a vongole (clams) pizza.  I insisted on ordering the vongole because it is so rare to find it on the menu at pizzerias.  My mother makes the best clam pizza I have ever eaten so I wanted to see if there was a place in Philly I could go to get my fix in a pinch.  Sadly, this is not so.  The pizza was literally soup in the middle.  The crust was soggy and limp.  In addition, it was way over salted.  The margherita was more edible, but still soggy in the middle and not worth its price.  
We will not be returning to Stella.  It is a neat space and the waitstaff was friendly and competent, but if the pizza isn't good at a pizza joint, you might as well hang it up.  Clearly Starr didn't ask the right people about how to make a good pizza, or he didn't listen hard enough.  Or maybe they deliberately duped him because there is a worldwide conspiracy to keep Philadelphia in the Pizza Dark Ages.  All I know is, I'd rather drive an hour and a half to my mother's house for her clam pizza than spend $17 at Stella again.This place has great, real Italian pizza.  Anyone who tells you otherwise has never actually been to Italy and had pizza there.  Italian pizza is not the thick crust Pizza Hut-esque junk one gets here in the US.  In Italy the pizza is crispy (and, yes, occasionally a little burnt) at the edge and moist in the middle.  You have to eat it with a fork and knife (because that's what civilized people do) and having your pizza with a tasty glass of wine is normal (because what's better with a garlicky tomato sauce than a rich red), not pretentious (says the girl talking about pizza in Italy.  Moving on).
We had the arancini, caesar salad (REAL ANCHOVIES IN THE DRESSING!!  Hallelujah.) and the sausage pizza.  Service was GREAT.  Many of Stephen Starr's restaurants leave me with a bad taste in my mouth, but not this place.  We will definitely be back.Excellent food- I would order blind. And it's relatively inexpensive and casual for a great meal!! The grilled octopus with fennel salad is one of the best in the city, and the wood-oven pizzas are the best in Philly- I go with the kale or brussel sprout pizzas. The house wine is also quite good for the price.Popped in on a rainy night right after Christmas. Started with meatballs and order of octopus. Terrific. We ordered some pretty standard pizzas each of which was perfectly prepared. Good service, great food, lots of fun.Arrived at 8:45 and the crowd was just starting to thin out so we got a table for 5 right away.   Ordered 2 appetizers: the olives and ricotta cheese and flatbread, 2 salads:  romaine and kale salads and the margheritte, Quattro Formaggio and Spinach pizzas.  All were excellent.The best pizza outside of Italy and it does rival some of the iconic Pizzerias in Italy. I always know what to expect from Stella. Also, to not the non-pizza items are excellent as well. A very nice selection of beer and wine to round things out.Meh, typical Starr place.
If you'd pay $20 for a "Bernie Parent" grilled cheese or $15 for a "Pete Rose" hot dog than this might be a good place for you, as I'm sure Starr's Lamborghini insurance cant be cheap. Personally I'm not a Starr fan as I like to support local business as I think its better for the local economy and quite frankly the food is much better.
Not even going to get into the pizzas I had here because at the end of the day, its pizza and you wont taste anything here that you probably already haven't had somewhere else. I will say I remember nothing of the night I was there and thats not a place I usually return to since it wasn't very memorable.Delicious food! The ricotta spread was to die for. Our bartender, Canyon (spelling?) was friendly and created a st germain cocktail just for me. I really liked the bottle openers displayed on the walls. I only experienced this spot during a low key weekday around 6pm.Charred pizza. Brussels sprouts flavor=charred. Wine in a rocks glass? If servers used tray, they could serve more drinks in less steps. If the person who told specials (ten minutes after seating) took a drink order, server checks would up.  Would not go back.I live in Jersey and frequent Stella's often. I fancy myself a pizza aficionado, I've stood in line for an hour at Grimaldi's in NYC. I've partaken in Lombardi's pizza in NY (first pizza place in the US) too many more to mention. Stella's in my opinion is the best pizza PERIOD. My fav is the margarita & the sausage pie. So light, crispy, flavor packed. The pizza guys work like a fine tuned machine. I have easily been there 20 times in the last two years. Have never had a bad experience the staff is always nice. My only complaint would be is that the pizzas take only about 5 minutes to hit your table after you order. Your in and out very quick. Sometimes I'd like it to take a little longer to savor the environment and the company.I am not a fancy girl.  I mean, sometimes I like to pretend to be, but deep down I always feel like the out of place peasant who accidentally got invited to some gala and everyone is whispering behind her back.   Stella may be a Stephen Starr joint, but it won't make you feel like you need to go study up on etiquette and buy expensive clothes.  It has a nice down homey, even family feel to it.  I really appreciated the atmosphere, loud, warm, a little dark.  Nice. 
My husband and I have been wanting to try this oddly located fancy pizza place for some time now.  We're both truffle whores and had heard the tartufo is excellent. It is. I get really skeeved by sunny side up eggs so we asked them not to crack the yolk table side and they were nice enough to place it on his side of the pizza, leaving mine pristine and gross, egg bit free, but still drenched in truffley goodness. We also split the margherita pizza and some broccoli rabe, both delicious.  You know the prison cooking scene in Goodfellas when Ray Liotta talks about how it's sliced so thin Paulie used a razor blade? I think Paulie was in the back slicing garlic.  It melted in my mouth. 
The house red and white wines are nice, not gross and vinegary like most places.  Four glasses of wine, one app, and two pizzas equalled $64 plus tip.  Not too shabby at all for a date night.  It was busy and the service was fine, I feel like it could've been a tad friendlier, though the hostess was all smiles and seemed very sweet.Can eating pizza be a borderline orgasmic experience? Yes ladies and gentlemen , the answer is YES! By far the best pizza I have ever had this side of the Atlantic! Fresh arugula, smoked mozzarella and prosciutto...the best!
I need a cigarette....Food is AMAZING! My sister and I sat outside and the food was outstanding. The service was awesome as well. Will definitely be coming back.I remember when this place first opened. I had heard a lot of mixed reviews and thought frankly, this city does not need another pizza restaurant, nor another restaurant from Stephen Starr, so I wasn't that eager to check it out. Well I finally went last night with some coworkers for a late dinner and was not disappointed.
Get the Tartufo pizza! With black truffle oil, fontina cheese and drizzled egg yolk, this pizza is a sure winner. We also had the sausage pizza which was delicious, too. I never order sausage on my pizza, but I really enjoyed the minced texture and bold flavor. I love the brick oven style of the pizza. It gave the crust the PERFECT texture. For an appetizer we had the grilled octopus. This was easily just as good (if not better) than Barbuzzo's or Chifa's. For two pizzas, octopus, 2 beers and 2 sangrias our bill came to $30/person which is not bad.Let me start off by saying...I ATE THE WHOLE PIZZA IN ONE SITTING! This place is superb. The service is on point, our server knew so much information about the products and was extremely friendly and personable, I just wish I knew his name to give him a shout out on here, but either way they were all wonderful! I like how they ask if there are any food allergies or dietary needs, I don't personally, but in the world we live in now its a great idea. The place itself has a very comforting vibe with the giant oven as the main focus. The Mule was delicious, I just recently got into drinking them and this was a perfect addition to my new addiction. Now, the pizza...DUHLISHUS!! Like I said before I ate the whole thing, I totally expected to take home leftovers, nope, I could not stop myself it was that good. This is a must go-to place if in the area. I'm thankful I live one block away now because I will be there often :)This review is long overview. Stella has the most creative and scrumptious pizzas!  But in addition to great thin-crusted, wood oven-baked pizzas, they have terrific salads and pastas!  Though their menus are not huge, what they do they do amazingly well!  Our consistent favorites are the following:
Antipasti:  
- shrimp arrabbiata (get extra flatbread to soak up that flavorful sauce)
- Grilled octopus
- Rosemary flatbread 
Insalate:
- kale salad
Pasta (we love that they offer two sizes so you can order a small enjoy other things on the menu):
- Pomodoro
- Crab gemelli
Pizza 
- Brussels sprouts (our all time favorite!)
- Mushroom
- Nduja
- Tartufo
- Spinach
Buon appetito!Disappointing 
Salad swimming in dressing
Meatballs a bit on the tough side
Pizza just ok
Service very attentiveThis place was great.  We had awesome service both times we visited during our business trip.  Super fast food delivery.  Delicious and great selection.  I highly recommend.My husband and I took out kids there a month ago and really were not impressed at all. The Tartufo was good but undercooked...they did remedy that which we appreciated but the rest of the pizzas just did not thrill... Since I am definately in the minority here, I think we need to go back and give it another chance.This pizza sucks.  It tries to be uber authentic and its not even close. I've been to Italy Stephen Starr and your pizza has about as much taste as the toilet paper in the worst pizza place in Italy.  
The bar prices are outrageous. The wine is pathetic for the prices they think to charge.  The wine we ordered was spoiled, as was the second bottle. 
I'd definitely call myself a fan of Starr's establishments but he completely got pizza wrong.  All-in-all, a massive disappointment.Awesome neapolitan pizza! Great as both a sit down and take out. Take out is ready in just 10 minutes!Higher end pizza restaurant with that Stephen Starr feel. It is good for kids or a casual date. The classic margarita pizza is always delicious. They also have good cocktails/drinks. Tip- they validate parking for the garage directly next door/attached but not the lot across the street.Friends recommended this place for lunch. Stopped by here after the lunch rush but became busy quickly. The pizzas were good, but a bit oily for my liking. We got the special deep fried raviolli, which was amazing but again, oily and cost $11 for 3 pieces. Not worth it in my opinion. Overall I think any pizza on the menu is good. Bit pricey but the favor is great.WOW! A friend brought me here recently. My bank is next door and I have driven by a thousand times. I was really impressed. You have to be doing something pretty special to stand out in the pizza department. I think I had the pizza w bacon and ?? It was so so good. This may not be a plus for some people, but it was bustling and kind of loud, which makes it easier to take kids, not that my child is loud - it's just more comfortable then a quiet stuffy restaurant. Just the kind of atmosphere where people don't give you dirty looks for taking your kid out for dinner! Anyway, the only downside was the tiny amount served in my $9 prosecco. Served in a regular glass a little over half full. Hmmm. Well, to bring back the highlights, the dessert of chocolate shaved gelato was probably the best gelato I have ever had.Skip this place. Went here last  early last Saturday evening; definitely not worth the $16 for a 12" pie. The crust was burnt, leaving black marks all over your teeth and a bad taste in your mouth. When the pizza arrived I asked the food runner if he had something to serve it with and replied with "no" and walked away.  The pepperoni had an odd taste to it. Service was slow and we were one of about 5 tables. Would not go back. There is WAY better pizza to be had in Philadelphia.I have eaten at Stella twice for lunch. I have been very happy with the food..both the salads and pizzas, and I have tried several. They change up the menu frequently it seems. I think the prices are pretty high. Expect to spend about $15 minimum for lunch. I have actually spent 30, but I had salad, wine and a pizza. The pizzas are Italian style...the same size you would get in Italy. You can share, but one is not enough for two people unless you order something else. They are baked in a wood-fired oven, so sometimes the crust bottoms can be a little too well done, but otherwise, delicious.  I have to agree with some other reviewers that at least once the servers were in a rush to clear the table. They took my co-worker's plate away while she was still eating, which is pretty ridiculous.  I think it just depends on which server you get. Despite some of the drawbacks, I still enjoyed my meals and will likely go again.Another great meal.  Had the octopus and broccoli rabe as appetizers and the tartufo pizza for dinner.  Everything was outstanding!!  Such a gem of a restaurant.  Low-key, good food and reasonably priced.  Go!  And order the tartufo, you will not regret it.I left unimpressed.
My parents and I ordered the Marinara pizza, the Zucchini pizza and the Chopped salad to be shared between the three of us.  It was enough food, though barely.
The Marinara pizza was just burnt crust, flaccid dough and LOADS of marinara sauce.  So, I guess at least it's true to its name?  Maybe I shouldn't have expected anything else but it just seemed weird.  I just reread the menu and it doesn't mention anything but sauce, oil and garlic.  However, the garlic was literally 12 thin slices strewn throughout.  
The Zucchini was good, but that's all.  Good.  I don't even want to eat it again.  I did like how thinly sliced the zucchini was.  Again, super burnt crust and soggy dough.  
The Chopped salad was delicious but small.  Yes, I am aware we were splitting a salad for one between three people.  But it was small even for one person.  Delicious but expensive ($11) and small.
And that's the taste that was left in my mouth.  Oh, and the taste of burnt crust.  
Too expensive for what it is and not good enough to return.I've tried almost all their pizza's, but my favorite is the Margherita. The buffalo mozzerella and marinara sauce is SO good and fresh. I get one to-go almost every week when I don't feel like cooking.Well my husband and I went expecting good pizza and conversation - that was a big NO - we were seated at a long table with a loud party of 7 - why - no idea there were plenty of open tables. I will not be back.Based on a recommendation by a local foodie friend, these out-of-towners were wowed by the fresh pepperoni pizza, that lamb bolognese with just the right hint of sage, and the incredibly rapid fire delivery of all food and beverage. Heavenly. Honest, straightforward service from Julia, long farm tables and just the right ambiance of Edison bulb lighting, retro wave music and a steady buzz of friends and family chatting all around us. Home away from home. Nicely done!"STELLA....STELLA!" - Elaine Benes
This. Place. Is. Heaven! 
Lots of awesomeness to choose from but we tend to keep it simple.  Two pepperoni pizzas and a carafe of wine each, one Pinot Grigio and one Cabernet Sauvignon. The pepperoni pizza is the best thing I have eaten in as long as I can remember.I dream about it. I long for it. I simply must have it.
Octopus salad as well as Calamari are good starters, but keep it simple. Go for the pizza.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it.Pizzeria Stella has real consistency.  I've dined here a number of times and the food is always tasty, the service is on point and the price is fair.
On my numerous visits, I've always been greeted by helpful servers. since the menu is very directed, it's not hard to figure out what you want and order it quickly.  Special point of mention, they are great with accommodating food allergies.  My wife has never had a problem eating here which is great because I like coming back.
The space of the restaurant isn't huge and that works well for them.  The pizza area is completely open so you can watch the pizzaioli at work.  The oven is very nice and they certainly know how to use it.  The pies come out blistered on top around the edges and have a thin soft/crispy crust.
We are blessed in Philadelphia with a glut of good pizza places now.  This wasn't the case years ago and I'm happy this trend has stuck around.On a chilly Valentines Day (for being someone who so strongly rails against dining out on V-day, here I was, being a hypocrite) we stepped into another Steven Starr concept, my umpteenth and my girlfriend's third. An open wood burning hearth calls out to you from the street, from large dining room windows of this Society Hill restaurant.
The menu is Neopolitan inspired, offering six red and six white pies, a  selection of appetizers and desserts, along with a full bar. The staff is on-point, as is usual with Starr Restaurants. Jared, was exceptional though. Well informed, prompt, knowledgable, and an expert salesman, Jared was everything I look for in my staffs.
We started off with cocktails in the bar, since there was a brief wait. My lady had an exceptionally strong Negroni, with Beefeater, Campari, and contratto americano rosso and I had an excellent take on a Moscow Mule, called the Meletti Mule, which had Smirnoff, Ginger, fresh lime, and Meletti amaro, a favorite of mine.
Once seated and spieled by Jared, we started off with Polpette, which was an order of 3 wood roasted meatballs, peppers, onions, and aged provolone. It was rich, delicious, had a bit of heat from some red pepper and a smokiness, a woody flavor, from the wood burning hearth. Excellent.
My girlfriend ordered the Chopped Salad which came with a blend of ten different vegetables, and she subbed the white wine vinaigrette for the roasted tomato vinaigrette on the side, although Jared also brought the roasted tomato for us to try as we'll.
I ordered something different, wandering out of my comfort zone (as we all should aim to do, once in a while) and getting the Mushroom pie  with rosemary scented ham, garlic crema, and smoked mozzarella. 
As of 9:00, the dining room was probably half empty, but it was surprising it was that empty that early on a Valentines Day. There was no prix fixe menu or reservations being taken, that's why I chose it. I did notice it was a bit more family friendly than I expected, with no less than five families with kids dining nearby. Cute date spot, but there were a fair amount of kids. 
The food arrived, the salad with the specified dressing, and the pizza fresh out of the oven. The pizza was meaty, garlicky, crusty, and perfectly cooked. Girlfriend enjoyed her salad and even tried the pizza, minus the mushrooms.
I ordered an Allagash White to wash down the mushroom pie, and we ordered and lingered over the Stracciatella Gelato, which was Vanilla with Chocolate Chips and a little Chocolate Biscotti.
Keeping in mind we closed out our 23.00 bar tab for the Meletti Mule and Negroni previously, some might feel a 60.00 bill for the Polpette, Veggie Salad, Mushroom pie, Allagash, and Stracciatella was a little high. Let's be real here.. at Starr Restaurants you are paying for that extensive training and thorough service. The Atmosphere/theming. The location.  And all that jazz. It  is all rolled into the prices. I have found its love or hate with Starr Restaurants, and for me it's love. 
I will definitely be back to try the "best in the city" Octopus and Tartufo Pie.. I was almost talked into them!The restaurant's getting 4 stars for the Tartufo pizza alone. Truffles, fontina cheese and an egg?! Hurt me it's delicious. I've never had a bad pizza there though. After a recent trip to Italy, I think again Mr. Starr did his research and these pizzas are done right.found myself there for a business group activity . . .
all of the pizzas were creative & very tasty . . . . brick oven thin crust with great ingredients . . . also of note was the fried calamari which was obviously fresh made . . . . and the gelato was a  welcome surprise.Successful large restaurant company.  Check.
Neighborhood in need of something fun.  Check.
City in need of a good pizzeria (where oh where has my lombardi's gone, oh where oh where can it be?).  Check.
What could possibly go wrong?
ummm....everything.  
Ok, so maybe that is an overstatement, but I was seriously underwhelmed.  My lovely date and I had the arroncini which were undistinguished and bathed in a seriously pedestrian tomato sauce.  Certainly nothing that would impress you at a run of the mill chain much less a Steven Starr, much hyped, pizzeria.
The seafood salad was good enough but given the proximity of the italian market, nothing I can't buy and have at home with zero preparation (ok ok, so I overstate the case...I'd have to cut olives and boil potatoes.  sheesh).
But on to the main event...why we were there...the pizza.  We went for the egg/truffle amazing sounding 'za.  It wasn't.  The toppings had way too much liquied leaving a soggy crust that provided no contrast to an undercooked egg.  It was way oversalted.  And frankly if you can't get a wow with fallback ingredients like truffles...maybe you should quit while you are behind.
I did see some tasty looking other options - pepperoni, pistachio/red onion, but the crust itself was the real problem here.  Obviously it is not easy to do what the few great places do (Lombardi's anyone?) or more would, but I had hoped that the backing of a perfectionist like Starr would have yielded better results.
Guess I'll hop a bus to NYC when I want pizza that is up to snuff.  Screw it.  I'll fly to Rome.This is probably the best pizza I've had in Philly.  I went there not long after it had opened and the service was great and the food was even better!  It's a really cozy space, great for casual dates.  I love sitting at the pizza bar and watching them make all the yummy pizzas.  I've only ever gotten the margherita pizza but it is consistently good each time I get it.  The basil is fresh as well as the mozzerella.  I have gone back multiple times and highly recommend it.Excellent service.  Our server handled a few minor issues including a kitchen mistake on our order with grace and ease.   Her pleasant manner made us feel comfortable.
Arancini/ fried risotto balls was very good and served with marinara.  The pizza was good but not as crispy as I expected and both pies were slightly watery in the middle.   All the toppings were very good and fresh..... The dough was very light and crispy around the edges and had that wonderful burnt wood flavor.
I still like Tacconelli's pizza better, but Stella's was very good.I hate to say it but best pizza I've had in Philly. Waitress was nice and attentive. Place is packed on a Tuesday!We started with the Salumi Mixto antipasti it came with hot coppa, prosciutto, felino and flatbread. This was a good choice. The pizza here is razor thin so you can eat a ton without feeling stuffed. And it is pretty good, we had a variety of pies, Margherita nice flavor tasty, Sausage, Zucchini, Spinach all very good. I also tried the Broccoli rabe different twist good texture and good tasting. It helped having a local here with us as he knew the menu well. Good choice, good food, good service. Worth stopping by if your in the area.this place came highly recommended to me and i was not disappointed. Right away i had very  good service. quizzed my waitress on her top 3 favorite dishes and she nailed it. i ordered two  of the three and was happy with those choices. I had the angry shrimp(i think that's what its called), the meat tray, a half portion of pasta, and a piccante pizza. Everything was so damn good. guarantee we're heading back there.I've been very eager to give this place a try ever since it opened because I love wood-fired/brick oven style pizza and word on the street was that Starr & co. did their homework. I read somewhere that they sampled the finest pizzerias in the land and then tried to replicate the best features of these places, including my FROAT (Favorite Restaurant of All Time) Pizzeria Bianco in Phoenix. 
We opted for take out and called ahead to put our order in. I had the basic pepperoni (to establish a good baseline by which to compare to my other favorites) and my wife had the pistachio. When we got there 20 minutes later the hostess got an embarrassed look on her face and let us know that "It'll just be a few minutes" as she rushed off to put in our order, which apparently never made it to the kitchen. 
Any annoyance we felt was mitigated by the fact that our order was truly ready in less than five minutes. We paid and rushed out the door to sample. The place looked like a fun, busy place to eat, btw, if you didn't want to go the take our route. A little crowded and loud, but if you want a lively atmosphere, it would be good. I like watching the guys in the kitchen prep everything while we waited. 
Ok, so the verdict on the pizzas: meh. 
Flavors for both were great. Their tomato sauce on the pepperoni had something unique going on that I couldn't quite place, but I did like it. I also really liked the cheese they used on the pistachio and onion pizza. All very tasty. 
The reason I say "meh" is textural. I was hoping to get a bubbly/charry thin crusted Italian style pie, but really this was just an American style pizza with better ingredients than what you may find at Domino's or wherever. That's fine, I guess. With its doughy soft crust, American style pizza can still be *good* but to me will never be as *great* as its delectable and delicate Italian ancestor. 
So, it was a step up from Pizza Hut (obviously), but I don't think I'd be back. For my money, Osteria still has the best pizza in Philly, Pizzeria Bianco in Phoenix has the best pie this side of the Atlantic, and almost any old mom & pop place in Italy will give you the best pizza in the world.First time here!! It was great! It filled my craving for brick oven pizza. Had the margherita pizza... Yummo! Will def be coming back. Our waiter Jarrod was very nice. Had the lamb Bolognese was awesome too!! Made lunch time with my mom a happy time!! 
Thanks!Portion sizes are laughable. Very loud when trying to eat, have to speak loud as if at a bar to communicate. Marg pizza is hard to find any cheese no taste whatsoever but brick oven and oily texture. 
Healthy however, score some cool points. And with a bottomless pit of money you can tell them extra everything and then I don't see why it wouldn't be goodAs a former restaurant employee, I absolutely HATED when people would walk in about a half hour until closing. So you could understand how nervous I was when we walked into Pizzeria Stella at 9:40 on Wednesday night to grab a quick bite. The staff was more than happy to seat us which alleviated my nervousness and set the dinner off on the right foot. 
We split the spinach pizza- the crust reminded me of what I ate in Rome- light and airy with a bit of crisp, but sturdy enough to hold our toppings. The melding of flavors between the spinach, tomato puree and pine nuts was exactly what we felt like. We couldn't decide between a white or red pizza and the puree satisfied both cravings at once. WIN. It is reasonably priced- mirroring the pricing of other great pizza places like Nomad and Zavino.
I would put PS in my top three gourmet pizza places in the city. The outdoor seating adds a nice touch with a great view of Headhouse Square.we have been to this place twice, first time was a great experience. kid friendly, spacious, and pizza's were awesome. i would only give it four stars because last time we went the pizza was burnt, I would have never thought a steven starr restaurant would serve a burnt pizza. we loved the rosemary bread, four cheese was really nice as well and our fav was the sausage one.Pizzeria Stella was stellar indeed! 
We went here tonight with another couple and ordered 4 pizzas which was perfect for us. (we came hungry). we ordered the appetizer grilled octopus which was a perfect blend of fennel, salsa verde and the potatoes were very yummy in it. it was a good starter. 
then we proceeded with the margherita, mushroom, tartufo, san daniele pizzas. the dough is just perfect and just thin enough. the margherita pizza was very good...as my friend said that it comes close to a pizza they had in naples italy. my next favorite would be the mushroom. my fiance loved the tartufo ....a little heavy but amazing assortment of egg, black truffle and parmesan. san daniele was great too with fresh arugula on top. even though we were stuffed, we went with the stratichello (vanilla and chocolate cookies)  and pumpkin gelato. wow great house made gelato...great end to the night!Had a wonderful meal there for the Bahr/Farrell rehearsal dinner! Excellent salad, pizza, meatballs etc.! Cannot wait to go back!I know we have some Starr-haters out there - I'm not one of them.  I work across the street from Jones, have had more than a few fun times at Budakkan and I really love the pizza at Pizzeria Stella.
What can I say - Starr is to mid-range dining as McDonald's is to fast food - CONSISTENT.
I went with my sister and her two kids - we had the polpette pizza, squid salad, arugula salad and the arancini.
I really loved the pizza.   I mean, I really loved it.  So much so I have thought about longingly the past few days.
Yes - a little pricey, my credit card took a hit (nice of me to treat the family, eh?) but I can't complain - the food was just plain good.Wondering what took me so long to come here, but it looks like this will be a new go to favorite! I saw the ad for Pizza Week here which is a killer deal: choice of 2 antipasti or salad, 1 pizza, 2 gelati for $35! We ordered 2 sets of the deal (4 antipasti, 2 pizzas, 4 gelati), and an extra pizza. 
For appetizers we got the shrimp arrabbiata, polpette, grilled octopus and calamari. Everything was super delicious. I'm a stickler about grilled octopus and this was some of the best I've tasted in the city. The arrabbiata sauce was not as spicy as I expected, but was still really good with the flatbread served with it. 
For pizzas we ordered the margherita (I added mushrooms), brussels sprouts, and the pizza on special that night with andouille sausage. The pizza is Neapolitan style, thin crust and wood fired. They were all delicious. I think they are a little pricey though for the size. There are 6 slices per pie and it's recommended 1 pizza per person. 
The service was great. Our server was really friendly and knowledgeable about the menu and drink list.  He was very attentive and checked up several times to see how everything was as did one of the hostesses. The atmosphere is also warm and inviting, open floor and view of the oven and pizza line, but not too noisy. I will be back for pizza week round 2!Go here.  PIzza Neapolitan. Char grilled Octopus. Home made Gelato. Wood Fired Oven.This place is OK. I don't hate it but I definitely cannot bring myself to say I like it. For a Starr restaurant, I think it's really disappointing. The service was fine. The menu was OK. The food wasn't bad but it's nothing special. Can't even remember what I ordered. The whole place is easily forgettable. Only remember the name because I live in the neighborhood. Will always prefer Nomad Pizza over this place. Won't come back.Impromptu Sunday night dinner in Old City on a cold spring evening.  We were both in the mood for pizza and my wife suggested this place.  The bar was closed for a private event and the pizza bar was really busy.  But, the hostess easily solved the problem for us and suggested a call back to my cell when two spots opened up.  So we walked to work up even more of an appetite.
We settled into the inviting bar near the oven.  Pretty much immediately, we realized we were in for a good meal.  Pizza after pizza came out of the wood fire oven perfectly cooked and with just the right amount of "burn" on the crust; each one was then finished with sea salt and a little oil on top.  With all fresh ingredients and in the hands of an extremely efficient army of pizza makers, we felt like we were in good hands.
The wine list is small but adequate.  There were some beers that we will have to go back to.  We started with some wine, which was generously poured.  We ordered the meatballs and the ricotta, along with some olives to start.  The ricotta was excellent, and it was served with fantastic rosemary bruschetta.  The olives did not disappoint and were extremely flavorful.  The meatballs were served with a delicious red tomato sauce.  They were light and flavorful.  We scarfed them down quickly.
We shared the margarita pizza.  The crust was just perfect.  And too often, pizza in the states drowns in its own goodness; there is such as thing as too much of a good thing.  But not at Pizzeria Stella.  The pie had just the right amount of sauce and cheese.  The star, the perfect crust, was showcased perfectly.  It was the closest (along with the pie at Bar Lucca) to an authentic pizza Napoletana in the US.  Great job.  
The service was efficient but friendly and we appreciated the call when the seats became available.  We will be back here.  Many times.A great spot for a casual but delicious meal. We stopped in last night with our dog and got a table outside. The wait staff was on point and knew the menu inside and out. The truffle pizza was amazing, though a bit pricey for what they consider a personal pizza.Love this place. Starr got it right on just about all points, especially on the point of locating it in my neighborhood (good lookin-out!). Some friends and I split the romaine salad and the pistacio and spinich pies. The two pizzas were out of this world, great flavors, texture, everything really. The salad could have been better though (but maybe i'm just a sucker for salads of Olive Garden variety). 
The only thing the menu lacks is a decent beer selection. There are a few good ones, but let's see some drafts or a few more bottles on there! Ended up going with the house wine, which sufficed. Things are a little pricey, but that's what you get with Starr, and the pizzas beat anything else we have in the City.Pizzeria Stella is now quite possibly my favorite Starr restaurant. We went on a Saturday night not expecting to get a table without a wait, since they don't take reservations. To our surprise - and despite $20 for parking in a nearby garage - we were seated immediately and the service was brisk and friendly. 
Drinks are reasonable and the menu is affordable. The restaurant is cozy and it's fun to watch in full view of the cooks manning the large pizza oven.
The highlight of the meal was the unbelievably delicious appetizer - the sheep's milk ricotta with rosemary and flatbread. I'm a huge ricotta cheese fan but I've never experienced a dish like this. The ricotta was smooth and rich and light and delicious. It was a large portion that could have fed more than two people. It was accompanied by the most delicious, hot, garlicky foccacia flatbread you'd ever want to eat. This appetizer is now on the list of the top five or ten best things I've ever eaten in Philadelphia. There wasn't enough bread for all the cheese (or maybe we are just gluttons), but when we asked the server for more, she brought an entire order  free of charge. Nice touch. The table next to us was so envious of our appetizer that they decided to add it on to their meal as well.
The pizzas are 12 inches and thin crust. The menu offers 12 different pies. I would have liked more to choose from, but I was satisfied with the one we chose: The Picante - capicola, aged provolone, crushed red pepper and tomato. Despite being a bit salty from the capicola, it was delightful. Most tables ordered two pizzas to share, but after the ricotta  appetizer, one pie was enough for us. It's hard to find a flaw, but if I was being picky, the toppings (and some of the cheese) fell right off the pizza after grabbing each slice. That's not much of a drawback when you're consuming slice after slice of hot, gooey, delicious pizza.
For dessert, they served housemade gelato. I was surprised there weren't other options, but the gelato was good. It comes in several different flavors (we got the stracciella - forgive my spelling - which is vanilla with hard chocolate pieces in it) and is accompanied by a tiny homemade biscotti. Delicious, light and a perfect ending to a wonderful meal.
Only $60-some dollars for a pizza, appetizer, dessert and several drinks? Not bad at all.The tartufo pizza is THE BEST. The margherita is just ok. Sheeps milk ricotta app is pretty good. I don't think I'd order anything here that wasn't pizza or the ricotta though.We have just had dinner at Stella just tonight and we had one of the most pleasant dining experiences.  The manager Mark and our server Christopher were extremely courteous and attentive.  We felt very welcome and appreciated.
As for the food - we loved everything we had!  The wood oven pizza is one of the best in town.  The crust is truly delicious and the Margarita, the prosciutto, the pistachio pizzas are all very tasty with quality ingredients.  From the appetizers: meatballs are wonderful, much better than any meatballs I have had in Italian restaurants.  The octopus salad also awesome - very tender, served with an amazing fennel salad.  We were surprised by how much we enjoyed the salad. They suggested they could prepare an order of a larger portion of just the salad when we return, which was the nicest gesture.  The homemade gelato is a very nice ending to a very nice dinner.
One other highlight of the evening was our second pizza spontaneously sliding off the rack on the table and being replaced by a freshly made one for free.  This is not something every restaurant would do, and it was a very considerate and professional way to address the accident.
We are definitely going back for the delicious food and the wonderful service.  Stella is highly recommended.  We really enjoyed the place.I had high, high hopes for Pizzeria Stella after visiting two of Stephen Starr's restaurants in Philadelphia and Le Diplomate in Washington, DC. All three were excellent. Also, pizza is my favorite food. We ordered the margherita pizza. It looked good but unfortunately the majority of the crust in the middle of the pizza was very soggy. The fresh tomato sauce on the pizza was delicious but it could not compensate for the soggy crust. The chopped salad was also excellent. I am often in Philadelphia for family functions but will be looking for the best pizza in the city elsewhere.Mushroom margarita!!!  THIS PLACE IS GREAT!! We sat outside during the Sunday farmers market.  Probably a little too cold now, but great people watching.  Pizza was amazing as well.  Thin crust, brick oven, with the taste of the seasoned dough.  Stop by.ahhhh, pizzeria stella how i do dream of you!   i just wrote a very honest review of another unnamed place that opened recently, and when i was talking about the great places in the city, this is ONE of them!   i'll get to those reviews soon, just so no one thinks i'm just a stella promoter.  i've been here about 3 times, and it's "the bomb", as they say!  what more can you want?  great pizza, great apps, great drink selection, the service is steven starr spot on.  ok, the only thing i hate?  all the other people who come and make me wait!  go away, it's horrible, don't eat here! please! or at least leave me a seat so i can scowl at you!This is a favorite of mine.  The food is very fresh and tastes excellent.  The wood fired pizza is great and comes out in minutes. I also love the tomato basil pasta.  Just great! I highly recommend this restaurant.Pizza is thin style with high heat so it is ready quickly. They had many options. I had a special sausage salad with lentils which was good and unique. The location is excellent in area near 2nd and pine.We love it here. Great for kids in the earlier hours and fun causal atmosphere for a grown up dinner.  Their specials are always delicious.I am no pizza connoisseur...in fact I rarely eat it since I cannot have dairy and cheese is prevalent ingredient.  But I do know that I thoroughly enjoyed the pizza that I had at Stella.  After hearing positive reviews, I decided that I would call and see if they could accommodate my dairy-free request and the woman on the phone was very reassuring and suggested the marinara, which is just tomato sauce, oregano, and garlic.  I took her advice and was not disappointed.  The oregano and garlic were fresh and flavorful.  Service was excellent.
Stella's wine list consists of all Spanish wines.  I decided to start with a glass of Cabernet, which was decent, but I was just as happy with my second glass of wine, a Montepulciano, which was their house red and $4 cheaper.  My only gripe for the evening is that they charged me $3 for a fountain soda, which seems quite excessive.  The food prices seemed reasonable though.
Just be aware that Stella does not take reservations and you may have to wait for a table.  On a Saturday night at 7:30 we had a 40 minute wait.Came here just last night for the first time.  The atmosphere was great, and it is a great addition to the corner at 2nd & Lombard.  The service was decent.  The waiter was capable enough, and attentive enough without being overbearing.  It was just me and one other.  We started off with the Rosemary Flatbread.  It was great!  I was pleased enough with this appetizer that I considered ordering another one! Then came the pizza.  We ordered 2 pies, the Sausage, and the Picante.  Both were good.  But just good, nothing more.  I felt the pizza was a little TOO thin on the bottom, and the crust was a little too burnt in places.  The toppings were fantastic, however.  I'm not one to eat pizza with a fork and knife.  I think it's a little ridiculous, but the pizza was so thin that I had no choice but use a fork and knife just to get it to my mouth.  The real shock came with the bill.  2 people, 2 pies, 1 app, 2 sodas.... $42!!!  After tipping the server, I left $50 poorer.  $50 for some mediocre pizza!  I have to say that while I may at some point be here again, it isn't a place that I will be including on my list of places to eat.  The pizza was mediocre at best, and the cost was just outrageous.  It's a good place to go, but just not worth the expense when I can find much more enjoyable pizza for much less money at other places.A++ for customer service, Pizzeria Stella! I recently came here with some friends for a quick bite. We ordered sangria, an app, and two pizzas. Our sangria came out, quickly followed by the app. Our first pizza arrived shortly after that. We waited and waited for our second pizza. Never came. We finally asked the server about it...she had forgotten to put it in. It came out IN A FLASH...free of charge, accompanied by a carafe of sangria on the house. That's how customer services is done. 
The app of olives and almonds is to die for. The Tartufo pizza is great-just be prepared for strong truffle flavor. The only reason they get 4 stars is the inability to make the brussels sprout pizza veg. Evidently, they cook the pancetta and the onions together, so the pizza would have been just sprouts and cheese. I LOVE a good sprout pizza, so a vegetarian option would be nice.It was no coincidence that while I waited for my dining partner, I passed time with the book Eat, Pray, Love.  Now Elizabeth Gilbert has yet to describe the scents of Rome but I hope the scent of truffle oil wafts freely through the air like it did at Stella. 
The fare can be best described as light and subtle.  We sampled the San Daniele pizza and were pleasantly surprised by the subtle flavor of the baby arugula.  If you order this pie, do not be surprised when your pizza looks more like a salad.  Buried underneath is a delicious layer of prosciutto and smoked mozzarella.  Having ofcourse saved room for dessert, we also sampled the restaurant gelato.  I tried the olive oil gelato and again, it was smooth and subtle.    
I look forward to returning to try the tartufo - runny egg atop a pizza? I'm game.Good pizza but maybe still working out some kinks? Went for a late Thursday night dinner. Maybe we came a bit too late but the service was definitely rushed throughout the entire meal. The pizzas were delicious but I've seen better portions. 
Ambiance: Nice open space and great for groups. The setup and decor is very simple and ties along with an "upscale pizzeria". 
Service: Not the best. Perhaps we were late coming in but we felt the entire meal was being pushed along. Between being asked if we wanted more drinks when we were barely a few sips into our first glass of beer and having to play tug of war with our plates that had the last few bites of the otherwise delicious pizza, we were all relatively confused with the service and the rush to finish our meal. Probably the worst highlight was having to grab back my plate twice from the waitress so that I could enjoy my last pizza slice. To put the cherry on top of a somewhat anxious finish to my meal.. while the last bite of crust was en route to my awaiting my mouth - my hawk-eyed waitress descended to whisk away my finally finished plate. I was still chewing as she began to describe dessert. 
Food: Their truffle parmesan pizza (Tartufo) was absolutely delicious. I would definitely come here again to enjoy this delight. It comes topped with a well placed sunny side up egg which is then broken to allow the yolk to spread its rich goodness onto an even more rich landscape of flavor. Their crust is remarkably thin but still chewy. The portion was a bit small but expected as it is a Starr. However aside from the Tartufo, I think Slice would be a better value option. Their olives were a good value and a great way to begin the meal. As for dessert, skip the gelato. We found the texture to be grainy and icy. 
Drinks: Decent beer & wine offerings. Nice that they offer many types of wine on the glass. We enjoyed the Dogfish Head Brown Ale with our meal.
Overall, I'm coming again to eat the Tartufo and maybe a foray into another one of their more unique pizzas (clams?)... I'll also try coming at a different hour too ...The crust is phenomenal! We got a margarita and mushroom pizza and both were very delicious. It was slightly droopy and the prices were a little high but Pizzeria Stella could possibly be in my top 5 pizza joints. Will definitely be back for a second round!Just off of Headhouse Square and away from the touristy part of South Street lies Stephen Starrs newest addition -- Pizzeria Stella.  I met up with friends here on a Friday night, thinking we would have to wait more than 30 minutes for a table since we arrived at the prime dining hour.  Much to my surprise, my friends were already seated.  Tables on the perimeter of the restaurant are good for parties of up to four whereas the tables in the center of the restaurant are long like in a family dining room.  As such, our party of three sat at the end of one of these long tables where we could rub shoulders with another party and take surreptitious glances of what they ordered.  Depending on where you are seated, you can also get a nice view of the open kitchen.  
Pizzas are delivered to the table as soon as they come out of the oven, as such, it goes well for staggering a shared meal.  
Service was fine: I didnt even notice that my water glass was full every time I took a sip.  As soon as I finished my beer, our waitress was quick to ask if I desired another.   
Our eyes made a bee line to the pizzas, skipping over the appetizers.  We each ordered a pie: pistachio, spinach, and tartufo (black truffles and a cracked runny egg on top).  The pistachio was the best of the three we ordered.    While we decided to change venue for dessert, the gelato flavors that evening rivaled that of Capogiro:  olive oil gelato?  Wow.  
Oh did I mention that its apparently a very baby-friendly place?  Patrons that evening were not reluctant to bring in their infants and toddlers.  
Service was top-notch that evening.... I wonder if it had anything to do with the proprietor himself -- Mr. Starr -- being there schmoozing at the bar.First let me say we try to avoid Stephen Starr restaurants but Stella doesn't disappoint. It's not the best pizza but it is very good and very consistent. The Polpette (meatballs) are also very good. It's not fancy and no real privacy if you are on a date, but if you are with your kids or a big group - it's perfect.Best pizza place in philly! My family and iO have been coming for years. We love the calamari frita also and all of their appetizers and pizzas are yummy!So as a Starr fan and a Pizza fan, I was pretty excited to check out Stella...its got a rockin location right off South Street thats easy to get too, and a cozy little atmosphere...I also found myself glad I didn't read the Yelp reviews until after I went as I thought it was better than a lot of my fellow yelpers did!
We went for a late weekday lunch and it was nearly empty, so the service was quick and really efficient (constant water refills rock!)
Anywho my friend and I split the simple yet awesome Asparagus appetizer....I never in a million years would have thought to put a Sunny Side Up Egg on Asparagus, but guess what...it WORKS.  Hints of Olive Oil and Lemon just tied it all together beautifully.
For our Pizza we chose the San Daniele (Smoked Mozzarella, Prosciutto, and Arugula)....the wood burning stove hit the thin crust with just the right flavor...The crust was thick enough that it was slightly doughy inside the crispy outer layer...The Prosciutto was also great and I would consider getting the Prosciutto meat appetizer alone next time.
For dessert we had the slammin' House made Gelatos (Pistachio and Blackberry).  The Pistachio came with fresh Pistachio crumbs on top along with one of the BEST pieces of Biscotti I've ever had...hell I would just order Biscotti from there next time without the Gelato if they just had a platter of those!
Anyways I'd definitely try another Pie down at Stella, so you should probably go try one too.2nd time here - still as good as the first. Exceptional pizza, octopus and drinks. I keep trying to get a bad meal at one of Starr's restaurants, but they're all so well run it's impossible to get anything but excellence.Had a great time here!  Came on a Friday night was pleasantly surprised to be seated right away.  Everything I had was great.  For pizza my friend and I shared the tartufo because I was told it was what I had to try.  While I thoroughly enjoyed it I think I had such high expectations I was slightly disappointed, although it still had great flavor.  I am dying to go back and try some of the other pies because they all sound amazing.  Service was awesome!Stella follows the tradition of all Starr restaurants (in my opinion) mediocre. Starr is not a creator. He just takes whats already "cool" and makes it into a mirror restaurant. I cant however complain about the service. The host and the server were very friendly.
The marinade they use for the olives tasted gross too.
if its gourmet pizza you seek, try Barbuzzo or Osteria.