I love pizza. So much that I've tried most spots in the city of Philadelphia.  With that being said, this isn't the best pizza in America.  But i'm glad i tried it.Pizza is incredible! The low rating is due to the inconvience of this business not having a phone.  I really hated waiting around for my pizza to be made.  
Also cash only.The best pizza in Philly! Interesting marketing in that they only serve 40 pies a day. Significant line even in the rain and it is take out only. OutstandingDecent, but nothing spectacular. Given the long wait, lack of phone, no comfortable seating, AND lack of credit card payment options, I'm tempted to give it two stars, but given all the five star ratings want this review to at least seem credible. 
I am happy to see an attempt at quality being made. It is great to see quirky businesses in the fishtown area. That said. There are much better pizza places already here. Pizza brain is just one of them. 
For those of you who do not believe me, go ahead, spend your whopping $20 plus dollars on a mini pie. Wait forever, and then consume something that makes you go, meh... 
This place seems more hype than hip. More cold than cool, and more effort than it is worth. Just my two cents.This is an absolutely great pizza. It's hard to say anything else other than, wow. This is what pizza should be, and the atmosphere makes for a part of that, just a great place to go pick up a pizza and eat it anywhere. The fresh mozzarella is maybe the best that I've ever had, by far the best in Philly. The drizzled olive oil and gouda cheese on top are insane. My only, and I mean only concern is the price. No doubt that you need to pay up for serious pizza, but I think they could lower the price by just one or two dollars. You may say one or two dollars, that's not a big deal, but when buying a pizza it is. With that said, I def recommend at least giving this place a try because it is really good pizza.Meh. 
Gimmicky. 
Pretentious. 
Overpriced. 
Hipsters. 
Pizza is good. 
Not a value. 
Poor service. 
He creates his own demand. 
In Philly, people are too smart. 
Similar quality elsewhere at 2/3 the cost. 
The staff are just weird. 
And, despite what they think, they aren't cooler than me.Best pizza in Philadelphia! I tried the French cream pie and added salame and it definitely did not disappoint. It was awesome!The perfect rating for Pizzeria Beddia comes purely based on taste and quality. In order to understand the place, you must accept their unorthodox hours and long wait times. The pizza is in high demand, which is warranted, and that's why you must wait. I also respect the "no delivery" and " no call in orders" aspect of how they operate. It reflects on what you get in return...
You may find better traditional, Italian style pizza at a restaurant downtown, but in terms of American style pizza joints, this blows everything I've ever had away. Beddia offers a wide variety of toppings not seen in other corner pizzerias and gives an option of the arrabiata pizza, spicy but delicious. 
If you don't live close by, probably not an ideal place to get pizza, but an absolute must try for Philadelphians and those visiting.3 Stars, A-OK, that sums it up pretty well. The pizza is without a doubt delicious, and probably deserves 5 stars, but this is a review of the entire experience. Best pizza in Philadelphia? Maybe, but debatable. I would advise that it's not worth breaking your back over, so if the stars align and you get the opportunity to snag one of these pies then definitely go for it. But don't book a hotel and a train ticket just for this particular Za. 
I get the impression that most of these reviewers read the Bon Appetite article and are simply rehashing that message. It's a good article, so you might want to check that out. 
At the end of the day you really can't fault the guys for running their restaurant their way, and whether their intentions were to create a marketing buzz or simply create great pizza, they've succeeded. However I think it's the marketing buzz that's driving that long line out front. There are plenty of other quality pizza shops in the region and most of them have a phone, deliver, and are always willing to sell you a pizza.One of the best pizzas, quite literally, in the world. Every pizza hand made by the owner from the very best ingredients possible. It simply doesn't get any better. 
However, be prepared for the unique experience.  It's takeout only, and the wait can be 1-2 hours during rush. No phones. No delivery. 
Whatever. 
The fact that this place sells out every night is a testament to how good it is despite these limitations. 
The people -- there are only two, a counter person and the owner -- are always very nice. I can only imagine the negative reviews are coming from divas and trolls who were expecting a traditional pizza joint. To you: Dominos is up the street.Best. Pizza.
This place is fantastic. The crust is crunchy and the toppings can not be fresher. I absolutely love the neighborhood feel. I really can't get enough of this place!!!Easily the best pizza I have had in Philadelphia and the best pizza I have had outside of Italy. This pizza is the stuff of myth and legend. I dreamed about the pizza after I ate it. Go, eat, and feel renewed about the culinary possibilities of Fishtown.Bring cash, get in line, be patient and enjoy the best pizza in Philadelphia! I have been here too many times to count since moving back to Fishtown. The staff is so friendly, accommodating and the freshness is unbelievable. Well, as you may read on here, you can't please everyone but I'm pleased and that's very hard to do. 
If you're not the first 10 pies be ready to not get your pizza till a little later in the evening but it's so worth the wait. 
My faves: 
1. Pepperoni with pickled chiles, just the right spice!
2. Sausage Pizza, there's something about that sausage!Food
======
~$18 Pizza Arrabiata
I liked it; it was spicy, left a nice burn in my mouth, and was generally good. I don't have a Philadelphia joint to compare it to, but I do have New York in mind and Beddia is definitely better than some, but not the best I've ever had. Everyone has different tastes, though, as to crust thickness (or thinness), patina, char, type of oven. You can't argue with the following or the business though, so I'd give it a try if you haven't had it before.
Decor
======
Clean cut, light colored wood and white walls. Gives a feeling of airiness, which is appreciable because its a small space. The customer area is two standing tables, so two parties at a time unless people are willing to get friendly. 
Extra!!
=======
- Cash only
- Arriving at opening time will get you your pizza in 20-30 minutes
- Parking in street turnoff, although it is crowded and parallel
- 7/11 5 minutes down the street if ya need an ATMThis is five star pizza but the overall struggle to get it docks Pizzeria Beddia a star for me. No phone, cash only, limited pies, no seats, and absurd wait times? So pretentious. 
Yes, it is the best pizza I have ever had. There. I said it. Yes, it has, in some ways, ruined all other pizza for me. Yes, when I heat up my otherwise fine leftovers at work I find myself, on occasion, looking longingly at the pizza camp Instagram and scrolling through photos of Beddia's pies on Yelp. Damn it!!
Like many others, Bon Appetit sent us on this escapade and there was a lot of hype leading up to the moment where we actually got to eat pizza. This place has been on our hit list for quite a while, but we live out of town and from the limited hours, to the ridiculous line, to the "we only make 40 pies a day," it remained illusive for over a year. I would make a comment about lost business but Beddia does not appear to give a shit. 
We arrived at 3:30 on a Saturday and there was already a line of about 6 people. There is a max of 2 pies per person and Joe only makes 40 pies, so they can go quickly. There were three of us, and a fourth who stayed home because reheated pizza sounded better than a 3+ hour wait. I really think the concept of a line for food before a restaurant opens is ridiculous. Lines often block the entrance to other businesses which is inconsiderate (thankfully this one is on a corner so it did not.) Lines also make an experience that might otherwise be possible impossible to people who aren't privileged enough to have time off of work or people who are not physically capable of standing or sitting on the concrete for so long. With lines people, especially women, are often prone to street harassment, which happened to me while I was waiting (nothing like getting proposed to by a stranger when the penalty of walking away means losing your carefully sought out spot in line). As I waited, common folk passed and told us we were silly along with our pretentious pizza. I agreed. The three of us took shifts waiting so that at every point someone in our party could have a break to walk around or get a drink next door. The place opened about 15 minutes early so I downed my drink after I got an urgent text from my husband who ultimately had to put the order in without my input. I arrived right after he ordered, and had to keep my head low as I ran in since half the line wanted to make sure I knew there was one lol.
Everyone has a phone (except Pizzeria Beddia) and reservations are a thing and courteous to paying customers. I am ready for the hipster/elite "pleebs must wait in line for hours before a restaurant even opens because it makes my restaurant trendier" thing to be done. If you can't give up the line, at least say "thanks for waiting" when customers finally get to order? Despite my annoyance for these type of lines, I waited in one. Judge me as harshly as I have, I am embarrassingly part of the reason lines for places like this are a thing of the present. 
Ok enough about customer service and other overrated such practices. Let's talk about the pizza. We got two pies, one was a white pizza with a cream drizzle and crunchy broccoli leaves and the other was a red pizza with half sausage and hot pickled peppers and half plain. SO GOOD! Plenty of sauce a cheese, tons of flavor, and perfect crunchy thin crust. We observed the legend himself make our pizzas and drizzle oil on them from a gold thing. We got the 3rd pizza and we were able to eat it inside at one of the high top communal tables (no chairs of course. that would be a common courtesy lol). I had major fomo of the spicy pizza on the menu and considered ordering it despite being pretty full, but we were deterred by the fact that we had already spent over $60 on two not so huge pies and of course by the task of waiting in Fishtown for another 3 hours until pick up time.
Next time I will probably hedge my bets and come around 5:30, and put my name in for a late night dinner of the arrabbiata pie. Until then, I'll keep trying to find a pizza joint of this caliber that's less of an ordeal.Never experienced ordering a pizza like this!  Thought the pizza was pretty damn delicious but not sure it would be worth the jumping through hoops and the price per pie again.  $20 for a cheese pizza is a pretty penny but I guess worth the indulgence on occasion for the fresh tasting ingredients.  The 4 star rating is based purely on inconvenience and the price but in terms of taste it's a 5 star.  That being said I do want to try one of their specialty flavors!This is some of the best pizza around. Quality product from a man who knows his pizza. This two person operation only makes 40 pies so get on line early--5:00.Some would call me a pizza master.  I take pizza seriously and don't get overwhelmed easily by your average pizza.  This place is very understated.  No phone, no seating.  Just 2 tables that you can stand at.  We brought some beer and grabbed a table.  At one point, another group of people joined us at our table as they finished their pizza.  To me, thats an experience that you don't get at every restaurant and I think part of the joy of this place.  Well part of the joy until I received the pizza and then my joy was all about that delicious pie.  We got the cream based pizza.  Kind of a fancy white pizza.  It was a little hot, which I liked and the flavors just popped off the plate.  The crust was pretty thin and crunchy, I might had liked it a tad more chewy but all in all, I'm a fan.  Another cool, great restaurant in Fishtown!Yes, yes, and yes.  I lucked out on my last visit; I was the first one in on a Saturday night and only had a 20 minute wait for two pizzas.  I ordered a plain with basil with roasted chiles on 1/2 and the white option with sausage and kale.
Having only a 20 minute wait, I decided to stick around and watch Joe at work.  Watching him make each pizza (slowly, with love) reminded me of Dom from DiFara's in Brooklyn.  I was taking my pies to go, but when one came out of the oven before the other, Joe suggested I eat a slice right away.  Couldn't argue with that!  It's just great pizza, plain and simple.  The crust is amazing.  The toppings are high quality.
Yes, it's a pain in the ass.  Yes, it's expensive.  Yes, it's worth all of that!  Yes, yes, and yes.Used to eat here all the time.  Great pizza. Angry pie is number 2 pie in city. Get the angry pie it is as good as it gets.
Now the problem:
No one can be a regular here any more. It is pretty much for tourists and local first timers.
Reality is you need to show up at 4 to get one of the early pies and 445 to get a pie at 930.  the no number no res gimmick was great when he was pretty successful but now that he is big time its just rude to customers to make them wait hours and hours to eat. If he just took online orders that charged at the time of order regulars could enjoy his pies again. 
I root for their continued success but no way Im waiting in an hour long line for a pizza in a city where there are 15 great options. 
Fix the ordering system or expand, I want to enjoy a Joe Beddia pie again!I sat in line for 2.5 hours in sub zero temperatures for a $23 white and broccoli. I lost a limb, but damn that pizza was decent. 
** Temperatures in centigrade.Loved the pizza arrabiatta! Spicy and fabulous. I need to figure out the next time I'll be feasting on another slice of deliciousness!I went here last night with my husband and we had the number two. It is the best pizza I have ever eaten! The two guys behind the counter are super charming and dedicated to making beautiful and delicious pizza with excellent ingredients. Well worth the wait, which we spent next door at Johnny Brenda's drinking tasty blackberry beer!Pizza is so good it doesn't matter whether any of their other business practices make sense.Probably the best pizza in the city. We came and were very lucky not having to wait. 3 of us split two pies, a red and a white. I'll definitely be back soonPizza was good, not mind blowing, and definitely not worth the price and wait.  I waited an hour and a half for two pies which cost me $44's!  What take out place doesn't have a phone???  And only three types of pies?They have no phone, so you can't call ahead and find out they're sold out at 8:30 on a Friday night. So you can drive half an hour to get there and park and then you get to go home. Why would I risk going there ever again?Oh boy. This pizza is worth the wait.  I love the fact that the owner is there making each and every pie. Very old world, old school. One of the best things about Kensington is it's  vibrant small business community. Pizzeria Beddia is an asset to the neighborhood and makes a killer pie that can't be beat.I lined up an hour before opening on a cold fall Saturday. I am a huge pizza fanatic and I needed to try "the best pizza" and see for myself. Waited about 45 minutes to place my order. It sucks because some people were cutting in line but it wasnt worth the trouble to start something just for some damn pizza. There is a limit 2 pies per person. 1 pie is enough for 4 people. But of course i had to get 2 pies. I didnt get my pizza until 700pm! Luckily there are plenty of places to kill time (barcade, sugar house casino, acme within 2 blocks) Staff was super chill. Just two guys: one at the register and the guy cooking it. The pizza was amazing!!! The ingredient that makes the pizza was the cheese. It was a creamy cheese that I've never tasted before. The angry pizza was good but too spicy for my taste. Was it the best pizza? No but it should be in most's top 5. The experience of getting the pizza sucked due to the long ass wait and possible sellout (although everyone that lined up on opening got a pie). Maybe I will come back if there is no line but advise everyone to try it!I love pizza and I've eaten it all over the world over the past 25 years. I can say with very little doubt that Pizzeria Beddia makes the best pie I've ever had. No, they don't have chairs but who cares? If you're looking for a sit-down meal experience there are hundreds of places nearby that you can do just that. They don't have seats because that is not their model. They aren't trying to sell you wine, salad, entre, dessert, coffee. It's all about the pie here and it's GREAT. Buy it, eat it and GTFO.Finally, Fishtown has REAL pizza. I am all about convenience; however, this place is pretty inconvenient since you have to order your pizza and wait around and you can't call ahead and it's cash only. But ya know what, I really don't give a crap because the pizza is just that good. The crust is perfect, the sauce is superb and I highly believe there is some addictive ingredient in these pies because I just want to eat their pizza every week.  I LOVE THIS PLACE!Definitely well-above average pizza for Philly (I'm more of a NYC pizza fan). The Angry pizza is my favorite here - wonderfully spicy! When visiting this small Fishtown shop, you can watch the pizza being made and immediately recognize the meticulous craftsmanship that is put into each and every pie.
I work right in the vicinity of this place, and I'd be there a lot more often if it weren't for the limited hours they're open. Plus they were recently voted "best pizza in America" in Bon Apetit Magazine (I think that's a little overboard), and now there are crazy lines there all the time, so unfortunately this place is no longer an option for me. I mean, it's really good pizza, but I can't jump through the hoops necessary these days to get my hands on a pie. 
I wish they'd extend their hours....or hire an additional pizza maker....expand the business a bit so they can serve more customers, but apparently they prefer to stay small and niche so they can continue to control the quality. I can certainly respect that, but it just means I can't get the pizza anymore :-(Pizza is very good but the process of getting a pizza is awful and not worth it. Just waited in line for 40 min before being told it was going to be a 2 and a half hour wait. Only 20 orders were taken before ours and the cashier decided to put down orders he had written down somewhere else in before taking ours (even though you are not allowed to phone in orders so I'm not sure how this happened). Man before us was given a wait time of only an hour and a half? Really upset with this experience and will not be returning so because of this.It is a cash only, standing room only, limited supply establishment. The pizza is very good and the two workers were incredibly kind and friendly. You will need to get there VERY early to wait in line- I'm talking about an hour before it opens (if your gonna wait in line you better make sure you will actually get a pizza to eat, it sells out) so have slot of time to kill- and also bring a lot of cash because it is not cheap. Order your pies and then go to a bar to wait (they will tell you the time to come back and pick them up). Then get some drinks and take your pie to a park and pig out. 
Is it the best pizza ever? No (these things never are, except one- salt and straw in Portland Oregon is truly the one ice cream place to rule them all) but it is a good pie and it is a pleasant experience (take a friend you haven't seen in awhile and use the time to catch up) and then you can brag all over town how you went there once and blah blah blah hipster cred.At first was a bit put off by the no phone, wait in line, 40 pizzas a night business model, but it is undoubtedly the best pizza I have ever had in my life, and that includes pizza in NYC and Italy. Joe is a master and truly loves what he does and it comes out in his product.  Their plain pie is all you will ever need.THE BEST PIZZA I'VE HAD... and I've travelled. A lot!
It's more than a good traditional pizza you can find in Italy. Ok, there's a wait and it's a bit expensive but it's like going to a fancy restaurant. Seriously!
Every week, I can't wait to have my beddia pizzaJoe makes some great pizza! Numerous times my lady and myself have walked in, ordered a couple of pies and chatted with everyone working there. They are so nice and even sometimes will have some really great complimentary bread and olive oil to dip it in. The pizza itself is fantastic but I must say that it's worth eating immediately , although you can get away with a quick walk home. I can't talk highly enough about this place. The lack of a phone number never really was an issue for me, and sometimes the wait times can be upwards of 45 minute but then I just pop over to Johnny Brenda's for a beer while I wait.I have literally created an account right this minute to review this place.
I should start by advocating myself as a pizza authority.... well I am not. I have eaten quite a bit of pizza like everyone here; including the obligatory Da Michele-Napels, Grimaldi's-NYC, chicago deep dish and blah blah blah who cares.
The pizza at this place is at the top of the list for best pizza on the planet, and there is no question about that statement. There is one pizza maker, Joe, he makes every single pie himself, and it is exactly the same every single solitary time. He uses incredible ingredients he himself picked (I swear the olive oil on top is made of crack), and made pizza at credible places for years before opening this place. He loves making pizza, as evidence by telling him his pizza is amazing and watching him get giddy like a kid. 
Yes, you will wait. Yes, it takes one hour at least. If you want to your door quick pizza order from your local pizza bodega or Domingo's, its all convenient and edible. Name one place with top notch food in any category that you do not have to wait for. If you can not enjoy ordering a pie, heading to the bottle shop and picking up a beer or two to go with your pie, and then having a cocktail at Fette Sau or Johnny Brenda's to kill time, and then diving into one of the best pizzas the world has to offer, mind you in front of the guy who just made it while he asks you several times if everything is OK..... well then you have bigger problems.
I feel lucky to know about this place. The crew there has been known to store a bottle of hooch or two for regulars, known to make space at the cash register for people that want to eat there, and known for just being good folks. They have made more than one no frills Friday night for me and the GF memorable, and we are just regular folks who stumbled on this place using yelp. Get the cheese, go back two weeks later get the spicy pie, and keep coming back you will not regret it. Da Michele will always be at the top of my list, but this place is in a tie for number one. I wish I could give it more stars. Thanks Joe.Some of the best pizza I've had in my entire life
Very expensive, but very worth it
Jiro dreams of sushi / Beddia dreams of pizza
1loveThe menu is so simple. You need to walk in and pay if you want to order anything (no phone or online orders) and the pizza is worth it. I like the pizza arrabbiata, because it is a little spicy. If you live nearby, you should try it out. I've been here three times so far, and plan on coming back!
*I am editing this review in Jan 2017. This was a 5 star review, but I changed it to a 2 star review. Since getting press, and a book deal, and whatever other fancy pretentious nonsense, the owner of this place has convinced himself that its acceptable to make the prices even higher. I came here when they opened, and I loved the pizza, but the prices are out of control. Come back to reality, please, and make your pizza more affordable. Also, be nicer to customers. Whenever I am in there to order a pizza, the owner is rude. I really liked their pizza, but you need to think of your customers, and this guy only thinks about himself, clearly. I'm done coming here.Best pizza, worth the wait, worth the trip. Perfectly crispy and chewy crust, best quality cheese, and superb sauce.Best pizza in America. AMERICA. Not just Philly, our entire country. Bon Appetit awarded Pizzeria Beddia this coveted title back in 2015. 
This little shop in Fishtown had been on my radar for a while and as I finally planned my first trip there, I went with both excitement and nervousness. Can this pizza REALLY be that good? 
Well, it lived up to that hype and then some. While I wouldn't say the pizza was life changing, it was life confirming. It confirmed all my previous preferences and biases for pizza were correct, as this pizza was just so wonderfully delicious. As friends have warned, I think it has also ruined pizza for me. There's SO much mediocre and bad pizza out there that will be even harder to stomach after this experience. 
I'm sure most of you've heard the drill now, they make a limited number of pies per day and you need to get there early. If you want this pizza, you or someone in your group needs to be prepared to wait. If you want this pizza that badly, I'd recommend just making your entire day centered around it; and yes, that would be well worth your time. 
I would like to thank my friend for doing the dirty work and ordering the pies for our group. My husband and I arrived just in time for our first pie to come out of the oven. We opted to dine-in. There are only two tables and you only have a limited amount of time to eat based on the number of pies you order. These tables are high tops and don't have chairs. They also don't have forks and knives in the restaurant. They do have water, and cups if you want to BYOB. 
For a business that has earned such a holy title, Joe and John couldn't have possibly been any more down to earth and humbling. They know to make an extraordinary product and run a successful business. 
Onto the pizza...
We ordered three pies
-A plain pie
-A pie with broccoli rabe, roasted pepper, cream and garlic
- An arrabbiata pie 
Our plain came out first and was the perfect baseline. If you can't perfect a plain, you have no business making pizza in the first place. It came out piping hot, with a butter crust that was both crisp and doughy at the same time and the most perfect whole milk mozzarella anyone could have asked for. 
The broccoli rabe pie was similiar to the plain, yet with toppings (well duh). As the pie cooled, the broccoli rabe began to crisp and the garlic began to soak into the crust. My friend warned us to wait a little until the pie cools, but it's hard to resist when it lands on your table. A slight cooling actually allows for more synergy between all the ingredients, with less chance of burning the roof of your mouth. 
The arrabbiata was hot. There were two types of peppers on the pie and they had kick. There was also a spice to the pie itself. 
As I'm not a professional writer nor professional food critic, it is hard perfectly articulate perfection. I can tell you that all three pies left me smiling and filled to the brim with happiness. The flavors, the textures and blend of ingredients hit my taste buds in the most favorable of ways. Of course, there is countless subjectivity with this statement so take it for what it's worth. All I know is that my expectations were met and well exceeded with a new pizza on my personal pedestal.I have lived around the corner from Pizzeria Beddia for over a year. I would drive by the line waiting outside and often think, how can anyone wait that long for pizza? I finally gave in and I am glad I did! Although it was a long wait, it was totally worth it! The pizza was truly the best I have ever tasted and the waiting it in line was actually a pleasant social experience. Would I wait every weekend, no. But if you want amazing pizza, I'd 100% recommend it.The crust is delicious, the sauce is good, and I like the two cheese thing they have going on. But the sausage was very bland. It was better with the added peppers, but I wish the meat had some kind of spice or flavor. I think all and all its pretty good pizza, but the sausage really brought it down. It was a bit on the pricey end of things, but I can understand that based on the general quality of the ingredients. I wish I could have given it 3 1/2 stars. I'm not sure its the best pizza in Philadelphia yet, but its definitely heading in the right direction.Have not been back since the BA article (Best Pizza in America). Used to be able to roll in around 4:30-4:45 pm break out the old folding chair and wait for Joe and John to spin the lock. After the article people line up way to early so last Sat (the coldest day of the year and Valentines Weekend) I figured NO ONE would be around.
 Got to Fishtown around 4:15 pm start waiting in the car wife says "hey isn't La Colombe around here?"
  I quickly drive her over drop her off; get back right as someone else is queuing up in their car. Park the car jump out and hit the stoop first in line at 4:28 pm.
 By the time the first guy gets out of his car six other people are in line. By the time John shows up its around 15 people by 5:15 its gotta be around 24. Get to order first ----- Angry pie with shrooms and sausage/ plain pie with shrooms and a  Beddia cream pie. By 5:55 p.m. they are sold out by 6:00 we are rolling on 95 back to Media, Pa. with three of the BEST PIZZAS IN AMERICA. These guys have earned the hype and totally back it up with the best FU@#ING pies around.The pizza here is nothing special. While decent for the style, I thought it had several deficiencies: too much cheese, one dimensional sauce, insufficient charring, crackers crust, standard quality olive oil, and merely good pepperoni. I have nothing bad to say about any of the items individually (excepting, perhaps, the sauce) but the pizza itself was good. Was it worth it to drive here from NYC after work? Probably not. Would it be worth it if you were in the neighborhood? Probably.
Would probably not repeat.This place was really excellent and worth the hype.
Awesome industrial-chic interior...very nouveau Fishtown.
The pizzas are handcrafted by one brilliant guy - although the pizzas only take 5 minutes to cook, your food may take some time because of an order backlog. This is worth it.
Bring a beer or some wine (it's BYOB) and relax, watch the pizza genius work.
Beddia is humble, earnest, and phenomenal at his craft. 
Perfect pizza night in Philly.The tomato sauce and the crust are the best I've ever had, anywhere. Since that's the bedrock of any pizza, you really can't mess this pie up. There are two options, or you can build your own based on the list of toppings provided. I hate that we're moving in 6 days, and we've only recently discovered this neighborhood gem!The pizza was good - the wait was not.
I was surprised by the 45 minute wait and when I asked why they don't have a phone number to order ahead, the counter girl replied, "Just go drink a beer somewhere". Well, what if I don't drink?
What normal brick and mortar take out business doesn't have a phone number??
As much as I like the pie, I won't wait that long to eat one. I would wait about 20 minutes on a busy night. Stop trying so hard to be different and let your patrons have some convenience, not all of us can stand around the shop waiting so long.
Please get a phone and you can count me as a repeat customer, until then, no more pizza for me.Joe Beddia has returned a piece of my childhood to me, and I can't put a price on that. 
No one makes pizza like this anymore, and yet they used to. They all did at one point in time. Some were better than others, but for the most part you always got great pizza. What I tasted tonight took me back to the very best of the best!
These days most places don't even make their own dough, let alone sauce; but it's not so much about the dough as it is about the oven and the way it's baked...
..the bottom of the pie has that ashen grey look with bits of char here and there. And then there's the char along the edges, and the bubbles that rise up along the crust and then get burnt and fall back into themselves, or remain, charred but intact (which is the best!). It's really the crust that makes the pizza, but it's also the cheese - you can see by the way that the oil separates that this is the highest quality cheese. All of the ingredients they use are the best. 
I've dreamt of this pizza. I've dreamt of tasting it (and have never, until now, found it), and I've dreamt of making it myself professionally (I make brilliant pizza, but it isn't in the same ballpark). I will continue to dream of this pizza. It inspires me.Pizza is awesome!!   
Ridiculous hours and no phone number.   How can you have a pizza shop with no phone.  I am supposed wait in their shop or in my car for them to cook a pizza.  
 I ain't got time for that!!!!If your picky when it comes to pizza like me, this is the joint! Yeah it's def a little pricey, but you gotta pay for perfection. especially here in philly with all the mediocre pizza spots. The sauce... Perfect and not to sweet. Must be the jersey tomatoes. The cheese... Awesome. And the dough... Slightly crispy crust like a good pie is supposed to have with a nice greasy bottom. Ninja turtle pizza!I had a very good experience at Pizzeria Beddia. Placed an order at 7:10, was told to return at 7:55, went to Bottle Bar East to have a drink, came back and they were setting the "table" for us. Pizza was piping hot and ready to eat. Magical.
We got half mushroom, half salame. I had asked if the salame was like soppressata and I was told yes, but in fact it is not. It's more like a sliced sausage- meaty and gamey, not cured, and I am not in to that. The mushrooms, however, were excellent. Zack and I ate the whole thing, and which was justified because of the "one 16 inch pie serves approximately two" sign. Otherwise I probably would have had just three slices (not four!). 
The crust is the dreams stuff are made of. You must experience this crust. Looking forward to trying the white and spicy pizzas next time. 
Strangely, I didn't mind standing up to eat. With food this good, you don't really think about it.Believe the hype. One of the best times I've had eating in Philly in the last 13 years (since I moved here). Well worth the effort.No question: the finest pizza I've ever had. Worth the wait. Do not throw away your shot.People come here because of the hype and good word of mouth...I admit I did, but the awesomely amazing fact is the pizza is f*cking awesome!
Everything others have said about the fact the man himself makes each dough and pizza from scratch to the fact he keeps it simple yet refined/subtle in the details makes this worth believing in pizza!Some pretty good pizza here! Beddia seems like a small, family run restaurant that takes time with each pie to ensure quality ingrediants and presentation.
We got a pepperoni pizza to go and right off the bat I noticed a few things:
1) Quality pepperoni!!
2) Three cheese toppings on all pies is a seriously smart move, mozzerella, parmesean and another one I can't remember. 
3) Thin crust on the inner (where the sauce and cheese go) but nice and fluffy crust on the outer ring. My favorite type of crust!
4) This pizza needs to be eaten fresh. Do not take this out and wait half an hr before you eat it. As all pizzas do, it got greasy once we took it home. With fresh and good ingrediants, you want to be sure you're eating them fresh out of the oven as well.
Will definitely come back here! Save it for a special occassion as the pies are expensive, but seriously good!!Best pizza I've ever had.  Like the stand up tables and wow, what a location to go get some drinks while you wait for your pizza. The best. 
Baba BooeyFinallly!  A place within walking distance of my home that makes me even happier that we moved to Fishtown twenty-eight years ago.  Joe Beddia is, quite simply, a blessing on Girard Ave.  We've had only one of his ricly succulnt pies, but it was a pretty good indication of things to come.  Not since I walked into a tiny Mom and Pop store in Bari, Italy, back in 1957 and had a small single serve pie have I tasted anything as rich and flavorfull.  It's good to know that there is someone who is seriously devoted to the artistry of making pizza.  Mr. Beddia's future is solidly set in a combinaton of perfect dough and flawless toppings.We showed up about 45 minutes before they opened. We waited and ordered our food then had to wait about an hour and a half to get our pizzas. We killed time In the area and got our pies. It was $60 for our 2 pizzas. The pizzas and ingredients are certainly top notch. My friend group and I thought the pizzas were probably worth either the money or wait but not both. Our tip would be to show up a bit earlier on placing the order end and get your pizza earlier rather than having to wait another hour and a half because you had a later order in line.It opens at 5:30. I got there at 4:30! Ten people in line at 5pm. I got in first and got soon my pizza (a margherita). The pizzas ordered by later comers were expected to be ready as much as 1.5 hours later. Excellent pizza, prepared with great care, excellent ingredients, well cooked, dough with good texture. One reservation: the dough is not as tasty as I hoped, perhaps overwhelmed by the excellent tasty cheese and mozzarella. I would I have liked a bit more sour and strong tasting dough.  The day after, the left over, reheated, was excellent still. 
If I lived in the neighborhood of Beddia, I would eat there once a week. Living 35 minutes away by car, with queueing and potential long waits for completion of the order, I may go there a couple of times a year, which is a pity considered the good quality of the pizza.Tried this place for the first time this weekend. It was good, but I'm not sure it was worth $28 for a pizza with sausage and mushrooms.First time there? Owners suggested the classic red pie. It was amazing. Crust is super crispy. Olive oil is so good. And the owner is so nice. He's super knowledgeable about wines.Living less than a block away from Pizzeria Beddia, I've been waiting with bated breath for it's arrival. That time has come and I was finally able to bask in all of it's pizza-centric glory. There aren't many places in Philadelphia where an artisan takes as much pride in his/her craft as Joe Beddia does and it certainly shows in the final product. 
The place is very small, with only two hightop tables and no chairs. There's very little in the way of decor and the menu is extremely limited. However, none of this detracts from the experience. The staff, including Joe himself, is extremely friendly and welcoming. I felt as though I had walked in to someone's house rather than their business establishment
Now - for the pizza! We ordered the tomato and cheese pie with mushrooms. We watched it being made from start to finish. Fresh, local ingredients are used throughout the process and (thankfully) Joe has shunned the trend of the wood-oven. He pulled our pizza hot out of the oven with dark bubbles in the crust, grated some fresh cheese on top, drizzled some olive oil on it, placed it in a box, and sent us on our way. It was one of the top three pizzas I've ever had in my life - and I lived in Italy for a while! The crust was crispy, but not too crispy. The mushrooms were fresh and definitely not of the canned variety. The sauce was a perfect blend of sweet and sour. 
The ONLY negative I can conjure up for Pizzeria Beddia is the price. The pizza i ordered with one topping was $22. Not far off from Pizza Brain around the corner, in terms of pricing, but MILES AHEAD in terms of quality. I'd pay $40 for this pizza before I'd pay $20 for Pizza brain again. It's that good.Finally made it to Pizzeria Beddia and it was worth all of the hype. We went on a Thursday and got in line around 4:45, we were 11th in line. We got two pizzas, the classic cheese and the broccoli greens, they were both incredible. The classic cheese was the best slice of za I've ever had; everything about it was perfect the crust, the texture, the crispness, the sauce to cheese ratio, the flavors. Would definitely go again A+++I don't really write reviews on Yelp anymore, but I'm writing this one to say that anyone who would give this joint less than a five should have their taste buds forcibly removed and donated to science. Their white pizza is a thing of wonder, and I say that as someone who hates white pizza. Make sure to max out on chilis!
If you go there often enough, they'll recognize you(r revenue stream) and start doing stuff like give you free bread and wine. I'm working on the free pie - no luck yet.
Sure, it's tiny, hot, and standing room only, but think of that as a chance to preemptively burn off the eight million calories in the pie you just ate, you lazy prick.I compare all pizza to the pizza I have had in Italy. On that front this pizza place fails. When compared to great pizzas in the US this pizza place fails again. Not only do they fail but they charge more for it than anywhere else. No doubt this guy spent more time in business school than perfecting the art of making pizza, because the long lines, the endless hype of "ONLY 40 pizzas a day" worked like a charm. Those foolish trendsetters need to be seen here. I don't even want to know the details behind his connections at Bonus Appetite.ARRIVE EARLY!!!!!
Went yesterday - a Wednesday - @5:35 & queued. Waited 0:15 to learn that the last pie of the day would go to the gal 2 ahead of me in line; they said her pizza would be ready @ 10:25 - nearly 5:00 later! Spoke to 1st customer of day; he arrived at 3:30 to wait 2:00 for opening. So, if you want a pie for 6:00 dinner, arrive @ 3:30. I gave 5 stars to not lower the overall rating.Beddia's pizza is one of the best pizzas I have had in a long time. Seriously, it is amazing. Yes, it's a small place, there is no phone, yes it's pricey and it's more conducive to take out than eat in but it is a one man show. Beddia is churning out the truth and can you really fault a man for lack of seating, using great ingredients or not having a large staff? No. He's one guy making his pizzas which are ridiculously delicious. Go order a pizza and while you wait go have a drink or two at one of the several bars in the area. It will be worth the wait.Outstanding pizza! Totally agree with Thomas M. This place is going to be a HUGE success. My wife and I had a delicious pizza last night . This will be a regular stop for us!As you're probably reading this, Pizzeria Beddia was rated the best pizza in the US by Bon Appeitit magazine.   Be sure to check out their website before going to see if they'll be open or not.
We went on a Wednesday afternoon - arrived by 4:30 and was about middle of the pack in line.  He doors open at 5:30 and it doesn't take long for the orders to be taken.  I think we were out within 5 minutes.  The only issue is that you have to wait some time for your pie!
There are only 40 pies that are served each night, max of two pizzas per person.  Our pick up time was 9:30pm!  4 hours later!  The time is pretty accurate.  
Is it worth the four hours?  Probably not.  I do think it's worth to try once.  We ordered the sausage and peppers (pretty spicy).  Is it the best?  It's a good slice of pizza, crispy outer crust and chewy inner crust.  Cheese and sauce are great, but I'm not going to wait for that pie againWe went through the whole process of getting pizza from Beddia on a Wednesday: arrived at 4:30pm (we were number 24 in-line and got the last two pizza), got our order in at 5:25pm, and picked it up at 10:10pm. Pizza was good but it wasn't mind blowingly good. I don't think I will go through the entire process for their pizza anytime soon. The owner and his helper both were super nice.Fantastic pizza, but expensive. They only make a limited number of pies each day, so they sell out quickly. You have to reserve a pie when you get there and the wait time to get it can easily be an hour or more. If you want to eat your pizza there, you also need to say so when you order it in order to reserve a spot at one of their two standing only tables. You can go to any of the nearby bars in order to bide your time waiting for your pizza. The service is wonderful and the pizza is well worth the wait and the price.Great pies, Joe and the counter guy are great people and the national attention has not swayed his passion for crafting great pies. During my interaction with them, I came to believe that it couldn't happened to better people.The spicy pizza (forgot the name) was exactly what I imagined. Very tasty and spicy to another level.
My fiancé who eats very spicy said it was probably one of the spiciest pizza he's ever had and he loved it. Worth the wait!If you want to taste one of the best pizzas - Try Pizzeria Beddia!!!
You may not like waiting for you pizza, no phone orders, limited selection of toppings, cash only....but all of the "rules" allow the guys to create a near perfect pizza.  
A suggestion - stop by when they open (5:30pm Wed-Sat) and order your pizza for a later pick up.Much awaited highly anticipated pizza!!! Dos it live up to its expectations - well yes indeed it did! The crispy crust with perfect amount of sauce and cheese was absolutely delicious. The only con and probably a big one is that they only make 40 pies a day and cook one at a time, therefore, you need to get there before it opens to make sure you make the cut. We ordered out pizza at 5:45pm and had to come back for it at 8:50pm. Definitely worth the experience but probably not my everyday pizza place. Who has the luxury to wait around that long?Three times I've made the journey across the river into Philadelphia to garner a chance at purchasing this delicious pizza. 
Pizzeria Beddia is run by  two guys dedicated to making some really delicious, straightforward pizza. 
The price tag and the line is worth it. The high quality of the ingredients and the attention given to the production make this pizza great. I would prefer that they occasionally mix up the music they play.If you are eating here, chances are you know what you're getting into, so I'll just skip to the food. When the word pizza is spoken allowed, this is the flavor that word is referring to. The perfect pizza. No more, no less.This honestly is my favorite pizza in the city.  
I know some people will complain that there is no phone number, they only take cash, you have to stand and eat or the wait is long.  But that's what makes this place great. 
There is some gamesmanship involved with the thought process to getting a pizza.  You have to decide what time you will head over there in the hopes that the wait wont be to long or that they are not sold out yet.  And when you get there and they tell you the next pizza will be out in an hour you kind of feel like you made it. 
In a world where everything is so easy to obtain on demand, this is something that is not and I am okay with it. 
The pizza is the freshest best tasting pie I have had in the city.  I love the flavors, love the crispness and love the idea that I have to figure out the proper timing to go in. 
Joe takes a lot of pride in every pie he makes and it's consistently sensational. 
Jared Polin AKA The FRO.That was amazing! I'm a pizza purist and enjoy it plain. Next time I will spice things up a bit. I never want any other pizza again. Jerks!Husband and I stopped in here one night around 9:45 after an evening at Frankford Hall. We ordered the tomato, mozzarella, and old gold aged cheese pie and the guy at the counter said "..something something...10-20. ok?" I thought he said we'd have to wait about 10 or 20 minutes, but he really meant the pizza would be ready at 10:20. I was peeved. Then he said cash only. So I scrounged around my purse and through my husband's wallet to scrape together whatever we owed him for the pizza. 
I stood at one of the tables and, I'm sure, looked like a toddler the way I was pouting. I just wanted to take my dinner, climb in a cab, and get home $25 later.
One of the guys behind the counter must have noticed me sulking and offered us each a beer. We declined, but I calmed down a little and started asking them about their business. They were both so friendly - plus, it was fun to watch them craft each pie so carefully. Turns out that the wait wasn't as long as they expected (either that or they gave us a pie meant for someone else) and we were out of there by 10:00. My husband and I devoured the pie once we got home. It is simply SO. GOOD.
I know the wait time must be much longer at different times, but I would wait WAY longer than our original quoted time next time. And I won't pout in the corner.No stools, No phone, No problem.
Joseph Beddia  = good at life; an officer and a gentleman of the highest order. Truly a welcome addition to the burgeoning class of eccentric small businesses owners in Philly bold enough to challenge, enhance, and redefine the intriguing cultural landscape of this historically weird town. Joe is adding his ideas to the pot alright - one earnest move at a time. 
This particular pizza experience is so specific to Joe's persona, and to Fishtown, that I can't help but stand up and applaud generously for it's existence. Keep it up Joe and crew. Stay true to who you are. 
"Take it easy, but take it." ~ Woody GuthrieWe went to Beddia for the first time last night. I moved into the neighborhood about a month ago. Since day one, I've been dying to try this place, but I'm not into standing and eating. I'd been wanting to take it to-go and bring it back to my apartment. The brutally cold weather has kept me on a strictly delivery diet when craving pizza. The mild 30 degree weather last night finally got us there. 
We had read mixed reviews online and were expecting the owner to be pretentious and dismissive. We experienced the polar opposite. We were greeted with smiles and courtesy by both the owner and the cashier. I don't do spicy, but he does, and I felt like he needed to experience it. So we ordered the Arrabiata and a pie with roasted onions and baby arugula, and decided we'd just have leftovers. We were told it would be about 45 minutes, so we went to Johnny Brenda's for a few beers while we waited. 
When we came back, one pizza was ready, the other was almost ready.  I made a comment about how amazing it smelled in there, saying they should bottle the smell and sell it as a perfume. The owner proceeded to tell me someone has bottled the smell of pizza, but as pizza-flavored beer. He reached under the counter and grabbed a bottle of said beer, explaining that someone brought him a six-pack as a gift. So we split the strange beer while we waited for a few more minutes. 
We got to my apartment and the slices were still hot after 4 blocks (maybe a 5 minute walk) in below freezing temperatures. I took one bite of his pizza and it was way too angry for my taste. I absolutely loved mine though. The crust was definitely among the best I've ever had. Perfectly crispy. I drew the line at 3 slices, he drew his at 4. I think it's on par with Pizzeria Vetri, maybe better. It was so good, the dog only got one crust from each of us. :)
Overall, it was a great experience. It was definitely pricey and hard to say that two pizzas would ever be worth $50. But we'll definitely be back and I can't wait to eat the leftovers tonight. But that was the first and last time either of us will drink pizza-flavored beer.
UPDATE: heated the leftover pizza in the oven and it was ALMOST as good as when fresh.Really good but doesn't deserve the hype.  Definitely not worth the two hour wait or 23 bucks.  Nor did I find the red pie award winning as I have had better but it was flavorful and I would try again if it wasn't such a process.  Definitely an interesting first time experience.  If in the area, there's no line and you can kill 2 hours of time give it a try... put an order in & explore the cool bars in this neighborhood. 
Be prepared to eat in the car as its best hot & there's only 2 standing only small tables.  Doesn't travel well not as good cold or reheated.Absolutely my favorite pizza in the area, and possibly in all of Philadelphia.  Do they have a phone?  No.  Chairs? No. Credit card machine? No. Wait? Yes-and it is worth it.  Each pizza is made by scratch from the owner himself.  Start to finish, no one touches the pies.  I don't see how any one could have a single problem with this place, especially since they are very nice and upfront about wait times.  There's about 6 bars within feet of the place to go get a drink while waiting for your pie, or they have wine or sodas available to drink while waiting.I tried the pizza a couple of months ago.  Had the standard pizza, but got it to go.  I wasn't overly impressed with the pie.  I will say that I think it was mainly due to taking it to go.  By the time I got around to eating it (approx. 10 min. drive to Broad Street), it seemed like just an average pizza.
The key is probably to eat it at the restaurant.  Although it has limited table space (and lack of seats), the pizza should come straight from oven right to stomach.  The added steam from  boxing doesn't help it at all.
The staff was extremely friendly.  Place takes a lot of pride in their pizza, however, it just wasn't stellar.  I would much rather go down the block to Pizza Brain.Ok people, stop going here.  Yes this is great pizza but it's not the best in the world!  I used to be able to get pizza here before all the hype.A local friend and I got to the Beddia line around 4:10pm and there were already around 25 fellow sheep in front of us.  At least most of the folk didn't toke; that's all I need to describe the crowd.
Once the two-person team finally opened the doors around 5:30, the line moved quite quickly.  No credit cards, so that could be one reason why.
Anyway, we gave our collective name and were told to head back around 7:15.  We killed time by going to the batting cages and some nearby supermarket and record store.
Sure, the pizza did it well, but no food is worth a three-hour wait...save maybe for when you're in-flight?The pizza is so ... correct. Well worth it. 
You know from the smell that hits you when you walk in that you've found a great pizza spot. I got the arrabbiata. All the ingredients are high quality and the flavors are spot-on. 
Logistics: you need to order in advance, so plan to go up the street for drinks for about an hour while you wait.Great pizza worth waiting for. Is it the best pizza ever? I'll let the critics and fellow food nerds battle that out. All I know is it's a damn fine pizza(best I've ever had to this point)and I'd happily return to wait another hour or hours for my pie. I arrived around 510 on a brisk Thursday(they open at 530) knowing how popular the place is, only to find I was still behind 5 groups of people. Ordering moves quickly, however since there's only the owner baking your pizza, it  is gonna take a while. Bars are plentiful in the area so there are numerous choices for waiting spots(we chose johhny brendas). We ordered the tomato pie, the angry pizza and a plain cheese pizza. All were fantastic. The dough was flavorful, thin, and crispy from the middle all the way to the crust. My crust, or pizza bone as I call it, usually go the way of the garbage can, but not here. The tomato pie is a Philadelphia staple and here it is perfected. Sweet, salty, acidic sauce kicked up a notch with anchovies. If ever an anchovy is to be used on pizza, it's here. The angry pizza was very spicy. Probably Too much for those intolerant of heat but divine for those that like a substantial kick. Fresh jalapeños sliced amazingly thin and meticulously spread about the pizza. Crushed red pepper flakes add to the dish without overpowering it. The cheese pizza was simple, to the point and everything you could ask for from a plain cheese pizza. If I could only order one pizza it'd definitely be the tomato pie though. There's no decor and no place to sit however there are two standing room only tables. I'd definitely suggest eating it there if you have a long way to drive as I did. We ate our slices inside then began the long drive home, the steam inside the box had completely altered the texture of the crust when we got home. Also don't bother trying to find a phone number, they have no phone. But definitely check out their social media pages to be aware of unexpected closures. Also go ahead and leave the credit cards at home, he's cash only. Loved my experience and I will be reminiscing about it for years to come.Yes! It's as good as advertised. Worth the wait. The owner is a good dude and very proud (as he should be) or his product. We will be back!!! Hopefully with with my girls next time!!This place lives up to the hype. Since I was a newbie and was just visiting here's some points to ponder:  
* Place open at 5:30 but Line started about 4pm on a hot Thursday in May. I was like #6 and got in my order in about 5:45 and was eating inside at one of their TWO stand up tables, which accommodate roughly 4 people each, by 6:15. Building offers shade from direct sun. Bring a folding chair if you can. 
* By 6pm thought most of their 40 day pies a day are sold. You are given a pickup time and it is spaced out according to oven and prep time, such that orders are being filled till 10:30 at night for those pies ordered by 6.
* They have limited drinks but you can BYOB. Bring something cold in a pack. 
* The one staff person is efficient, courteous, and on the ball.  
* Most importantly pizza is great and we shared our pie with others so my son and I lucked out and got sample 3! 
* But PS their Arriabata the day I got it was not spicy hot cuz of the tomato sauce like I've had other places but cuz of their crazy hot jalapeños!Thanks Beddia for the amazing pies.  It's special pizza.  This experience is for folks who appreciate special pizza.  If you don't or can't it's simply not for you.  Of course it won't be worth the effort.  Don't waste your time.  If you can appreciate special pizza - this experience is a must.  I did much research and arrived with my friends just short of the cut-off on Friday night.  We waited for nearly an hour and were pleased to reserve one of the last pizzas of the night.  We were to return in three and a half hours.  As our priorities were:  #1) Pizza #2) Convenience  -  we were thrilled.  We got drinks around the corner and actually went back to our hotel near Bill Penn - when we returned the pizza was ready.  And it was a glorious thing.  Is it the best pizza in America?  No!  There is no best pizza in America!  That's just some stupid shit magazines say so people will pay attention to them!  Was it worth it? - Absolutely!  It was special.  There is a paucity of special pizza in THE WORLD - let alone 'murica!  Again - if you can appreciate it - just go.  It's worth it.
OK - I want to say one more thing.  I was put off but some yelpers description of "surly service" and the last thing i want after waiting an hour to order a pizza that will be ready in three hours is "surly service".  But guess what? It's a freakin' myth.  If you go into this joint with a crap attitude - you'll get it right back.  If you go in with the proper reverence you'll be treated like friggin' gold.  GOLD JERRY!If you appreciate good pizza, just go here. My husband and I are pizza lovers - I'm from Detroit, he's from New York, and we both put this in our top three pizzas of all time. YUM. 
Yes the wait is long - plan ahead and order early. Yes it is a little pricey - two words, worth it. Just go!!!No way you can go wrong here unless you  prefer tired, uninspired pizza. The cream and the angry pizza are a delight. The crust has a lot of structure despite how thin it is and the crust makes all the difference. For some, the wait may not be worth it but you can bring something to drink there or go to Johnny Brenda's next door (or any bar nearby). I love it and try to go at least once a week if not more.
In my opinion, it's some of the best pizza in Philly especially compared to Bufad and Stella which I also love (for different aspects of their pizza and other dishes)!Love these guys. The guy at the register recognized me after the second time being there and talked up a small talk. Really proud to have them in our neighborhood. You have to try them out before you knock them out with judgement. It's just pizza but really good f-ing pizzaThe pizza here, especially the crust is very very good. However, I am docking it some stars due to the higher price (about 25 a pie) and the long wait. My husband and I have been wanting to try Beddia as Bon Appetite ranked it number 1 and when we heard it was closing we decided it was now or never. I got in line around 4:30 and when they opened an hour later we were basically the last served (we were served at 9:50pm). To their credit, you don't just wait there for four hours they tell you when to come back. When we came back at 9:50 the pizza was ready and delicious. But if I had to be honest, I think there are better pizzerias in the neighborhood (Rustica for NYC style and Spuntino for personal specialty pies) that are less expensive without the crazy weight time. In conclusion, glad we went for the experience but probably won't be back.I've been excited to try Pizzeria Beddia for almost a year now, and I'm thrilled to say it was everything I thought it would be. It's the best pizza I've ever had. 
A few details that may be helpful to others:
Went on a Friday and got in line at 4:00 with another friend. We were number 2 and 3 in line. By 5:00, there were 16 people in line (just as a point of reference). I ordered the ANGRY pie and another pie with Salame, and my friend ordered the standard cheese pie. All three pizzas were EXCELLENT. Pickup time was 5:50 and 6:00 for our three pies and promptly available when we went back for pickup. The overall taste and quality of the crust that many have written about live up to the hype and make this a world-class pizza. 
Just food for thought for other reviewers: Sometimes the best things are difficult to come by. You can't walk into the best restaurant in the city on a Saturday night and expect a table to be available. Yes, you do have to wait in line to get the pizza, but its all part of the experience and the pizza is excellent. My suggestion, make a night out of it and place your order then make a quick trip over to Johnny Brenda's, Frankfurt Hall, or Fette Sau for a drink while you wait. While we took the pizza to-go (30 mins to get home and it was still crispy, hot and great), next time I plan on eating it there. 
Joe and John were really friendly and after meeting them and tasting the pizza, it's obvious why there is a line at this place 4 days a week. Wishing only continued success!!!Sad to see this closed but looking forward to Joe Beddia's next endeavor. This was life changing pizza! Sorely missed now. Guess the Pizza Camp book will have to suffice.Truly is the best pizza, unfortunately, I probably won't ever get to eat it again, as I don't really love waiting in line for a door to unlock.  It was nice while it lasted.  I wish you all the best Joe.This pizza is so sad compared to the hype.  We drove to Philly from NYC just to try it, and I just can't believe that anyone would call this the best pizza in the nation.  That person must be a Domino's kind of guy.
I mean, it is pizza, and in that, it is good.  But the crust is dry and crackery, cheese is decent quality but nothing mindblowing - they do stack on A LOT of it, and the sauce is a little too tomato pasty.  Overall just lacked flavor, texture and quality from what I was expecting.
It is very cool in a hipster sense that there's one guy with curly hair and glasses making every single pie by hand, but it is also stupid ridiculous that you put your name down to order a pie and have to come back 3 hours later to eat it.  Okay, if it was truly the BEST pizza you will ever eat, I can dig it.  But this place isn't even a top 10 contender!!!  Comparing this place to Di Fara's is blasphemy and an insult to the true godfather of pizza, banging out those pies in Brooklyn for decades now.
It's sad that this place probably gets a lot of crappy reviews because of all the hype it's generated by the Bon Appetit article.  No expectations, it's decent, good pizza - 3 stars.  All the hassle and hype brings it down though.  
I do like the story and passion behind the joint though.  Yay for successful small businesses.I'm not too sure why people love this place so much.  Yes, the wait and the lack of seating can be annoying, but that's not the reason for the 3 star review.  I don't care about all that stuff - all I want is good pizza.
But the pizza itself simply isn't that good here.
I got half plain and half sausage and mushroom.  The pie was too salty and cheesy for me, the dough wasn't anything special, and Joe was pretty heavy-handed with the olive oil.  The house-made sausage, by the way, was really good.  Everything else was so-so.  Even the crust/dough was alright.  I was impressed that the bottom was crispy without making the dough to cracker-y, but there just wasn't enough chew to it.
Now, I think some of it is a matter of personal preference.  After all, the closest comparison I can make is to Di Fara's in Brooklyn, and that place is legendary.  Still, I don't think it's all about personal preference.  True, I didn't love Di Fara's that much, but I still thought, "This is good pizza" even while acknowledging that it wasn't my favorite.  Joe Beddia, however, seems to put a heavier emphasis on cheese than Dom Di Fara, and that makes the pizza a bit too... much.
Still, I don't know why people are complaining about the vibe/service.  I thought the guys were super friendly and welcoming.
Bottom line: there's better pizza here in Philly.  My favorite is still Pizzeria Nomad.  For straight-up American-style pizza, I think Tacconnelli's is much better than Pizzeria Beddia.  I see no reason why I would ever return.This is the best pizza I have ever had in the US.  The only pizza that even comes close was one I had in Italy, and this may be better actually.  It's so fresh, perfect char on the crust, flavorful cheese and sauce.  Just awesome.  Yeah it's a pain in the ass to order, but so what?  Then don't go.I've been coming here for about a year now, and the pizza is just as good as my first time. Glad I found a spot that makes a great pie. Actually all of the pies are really good, just depends on your personal preference. I come faithfully, not just because of the pizza, but because Joe beddia and his staff treatment everyone equal.Absolutely delicious.  The wait is fun, make the most of it! I will warn you that you'll have to put up with a lot of hipstery conversation,  but it's okay people!  The crust is perfect,  the sauce was fresh and THE CHEESE. Oh the cheese. I want to eat this pizza everyday.This place is great and the pizza is great. I had a pepperoni with peppers and it was amazing. Also had the vegetable with cream. So delicious. Food is 5 stars.
Only problem is I showed up with out knowing what I was getting into. I got there about an hour and a half before it opened and was behind 30 people in line. They only make 40 pizzas a day so I was lucky to be third last person, but the catch is I had to come back at 10:30 to pick up the pies. So basically it was a 6 hour wait. I ended up going home so I wasn't a big deal, but I just had no idea it would be like that. 
I love the food here, but it is definitely a mission and for me only something I will do once. But I am glad I went. Just know what your getting into before you head down.Yes, it is that good. Good enough to plan your evening around it, and you do have to plan. I am lucky enough to live in Fishtown, so my planning is a bit easier, if you don't I'll give you some advice on how to do it. As mentioned in several reviews there is no phone, and you should all be thankful about this, because if there was, it would be so much harder to get a pizza there. You must go, place your order, and either wait, or come back in an forty-five minutes to one hour. I like to go order, then go to the gym, then go pick up my delicious pies, because then I feel like I really earned them. Other options are placing your order and then going to one of the eight million surrounding bars for a drink or two before you pick up your pie, or walk over to Bottle Bar and peruse their selection to find the perfect pairing for your pizza. Another option is to stop by after work and place your order, then grab your friend and a dog (maybe your dog, or someone else's dog, I don't know your life), and walk to Beddia to pick up your pizzas. See how easy this process can be if you aren't a baby about it.
The cheese is probably my favorite thing about the pizza, and what I suspect is the main culprit for the price of the pizza, which in my opinion is absolutely worth it. The cheese has a fantastic bite to it, a nice tang that makes my mouth really happy. 
The crust and sauce are also tasty and all of the ingredients blend well to make a delicious harmony of flavors.  I always order both a red and a white and then try to pick a favorite; it's still a tie.  I love that the white pizza changes with the seasons as well. At first I was disappointed to find that the dinosaur kale had been replaced by tomatoes, but man alive, it was just as delicious. 
Also, the first time I ever visited Beddia, the person who had ordered before me had prepaid for my pizza. A stranger had paid for my pizza. Yes, you read that right. It restored my faith in humanity. My husband and I were so shocked by this beautiful sentiment. We then paid it forward when we returned to pick up our pizzas and I hope that next person was just as stoked.Best pizza I've ever had. If you go on a Saturday get there before 3:30. You'll wait inline but the people I met were really friendly. If you don't want to eat at the spot you can always go to the bar across the street. You won't be disappointed.First and foremost, I applaud the good man Joe for preparing his pies with such sincere love--and the highest quality toppings!  Bro does not play around.  Bright tomato sauce with only the finest, local ingredients, including rich, decadent cheeses and farm-fresh greens.  Despite such confined dining quarters (which is an understatement as most people order and leave), the shop is warmly lit and a cozy spot to gossip with the locals on a frigid winter night.  These large pies are perfect to share with a friend or two, and guarenteed to hit the spot if you are craving a classic American-style pizza with crisp crust and layers of gooey cheese and piping hot sauce.Two wood tables, two cool guys and a pizza oven.  That's all it took to have a great experience as I tagged along with two friends who frequent this place.  Pizzeria Beddia is a tiny little place that only fits two rectangular tables in the dining room.  Instead of finding the surroundings restrictive, things felt cozy and I was impressed with the sparkling cleanliness of the restaurant.  
Our party of four ordered two pies and we were pleasantly surprised when told that pie #1 would be ready in 15 minutes.  I was informed, prior to entering the restaurant, that on busy nights it can sometimes take over an hour for an order to be ready.  We stepped out to buy some beer at a bottle shop around the corner and quickly returned to find a table for four set for us and our first pizza coming to the table as we took our places.  Prompt, friendly service.  Nice.
We went with two toppings on the first pie, mushrooms and anchovies.  I like anchovies but find that some places tend to overuse them and it can overpower the rest of the pizza.  We didn't have this problem here as the spread of anchovies seemed just right, allowing for a nice taste with each bite and complimented perfectly with the fresh mushroom topping.  The pizza is appropriately thin crusted with perfect amounts of mozzarella and tomato base. Served piping hot, each crispy bite was a delight.
For pizza #2, we added a little zing and went with toppings of pepperoni and pickled chiles.  The pie came out about 5 minutes after the first one and was every bit as pleasing.  The fresh ingredients made each bite a delight and the peppers added spice but, happily, didn't overpower the rest of the pizza.  In short, these guys know what they're doing when it comes to crafting a pie.
Pizzeria Beddia sits in a bustling part of town and my friends who frequent the place tell me that when there is a longer wait for the pizza on busy nights, the thing to do is go grab a beer at Johnny Brenda's or Frankford Hall and make a night of it.  There are no surprises here.  You place your order, the staff tells you when to come back for your pizza and you come back to have, what may be, the best pizza in the city.  The food is a little pricey but I walk in expecting that from a place that exceeds my expectations when it comes to quality of food and service.  I had a great experience here and can't wait to come back for more.A bit pricey, but delicious. Folks complain about the wait, the wonky hours, no phone, etc., but it's worth it. Really; just work with it... Here is what you do:
Go to Pizzeria Beddia. Order your pizza (the sausage was delicious). Pay. Go grab a beer (or two or three depending on the wait) at Murph's or Johnny Brenda's. Pick up your pizza. Eat it. Be happy! You just had a pizza and beer and that's the best combination ever. 
Seriously though, it was definitely one of the better pizzas I've had in Philadelphia. You can tell it was made with fresh ingredients and the recipe was perfected. While I can't regularly spare the time to order a pizza and wait around for it, it is worth it when I can set aside an hour or so. Try it out for yourself and I'm sure you will be sold.I consider myself a pizza aficionado and in short this place is REALLY GOOD! Went there on a Friday and I was one of the first people to order. Was informed it would be a 20min wait so no worries. I talked to Joe the owner and mentioned I was from CT and he said he had eaten at Pepe's Pizza in CT which is a good local choice. I watched as the owner, Joe made the pizza and he definitely has a passion for the craft of pizza making. As soon as the pizzas were placed on the table we hardly talked for 10min. All you heard was lips smacking, that's how good it was. In my rankings of pizza I've had in the CT/NJ/NY/PA area it makes it in the TOP 4. Well done guys!Their extreme awareness of how to create and market a gimmick is substantially better than the taste of the pizza. The ingredients seem very standard and the taste of pizza was pretty unremarkable.
Part of me thinks the owner laughs his way to the bank every day at the fact they don't even provide chairs for customers (which they care so much about?) and people will come stand in line to spend $20 on a plain "high end" pizza. 
I know plenty of pizza shop owners who put just as much care and craft in to their pizza while charging a lot less money for it, and will even offer you a drink as you sit and wait for your order.
Perhaps I had a different experience, but the guy making the pizza did not acknowledge us or even lift his head to look. The cashier said about 2 words and awkwardly stood there waiting for the dude to finish making our pizza.
Substandard & overpriced pizza, no chairs to sit in, and a rather pretentious vibe. But they did have good music playing, so there's that.Pizzeria Beddia: The best pizza in America (according to me & Bon Appetit)
When I lived in Philly, I just couldn't be bothered with the line for Fishtown's Pizzeria Beddia, which reportedly grew to ridiculous lengths after Bon Appetit declared the 40 pizzas they make daily to be "The Best Pizza in America."
But since I was back in Philly for a long weekend, and Beddia is reportedly closing up shop at the end of the year, I thought I'd get a group of pizza-loving friends together, volunteer to stand in line, and see how good it could actually be (I was skeptical, to say the least).  
I got there at 2:50PM on a hot, sunny Saturday, and being #1 in line (I had to race another couple, or I would have been #3), we got our pizzas by 5:45PM.  There were an amazing 35 people in line when they opened at 5:20PM.  Considering you can only get 2 pizza, someone was going to be dissapointed!
We got our limit of 2 pizzas ($61.55 counting tax):
#1: Tomato, whole milk moss, Old Gold aged cheese, EVOO, with added sausage, roasted onions, Cremini mushrooms
#4: Tomato pie, anchovy, garlic, oregano, Old Gold aged cheese
Conclusions?
The #4 was BEST PIZZA I've ever had!!!  It takes that place away from Tacconelli's Pizzeria's (E Somerset St location) tomato & spinach pizza (we also had 4 Tacconelli's pizzas later after finishing Beddia's, so I can say that after trying them almost side-by-side).  It was a perfectly balanced pizza with amazingly crispy thin crust that was still airy, and a lovely acidic, very tomatoey sauce laced with slivers of garlic.  The 1 anchovy/slice blended, providing more salt than fishy flavor.  I couldn't decide whether the crust or the sauce contributed more to making this the perfect pizza.  Paired perfectly with a Chimay Grande Reserve (Blue) Belgian ale.
Curious that my 2 favorite pizzas of all time are in Philly, when I grew up near and went to school in Chicago, a noted pizza city (which Philly obviously isn't).  Go Philly!
The #1 was a very nice pizza, particularly flavorful, although the sausage, which was torn into tiny chunks that sort of disappeared into the toppings.  However, the crust wasn't as crunchy as the #4, perhaps due to the loaded toppings, or the fact that it was eaten second, after a 10 minute walk back the Mulherin Hotel where I was staying and so it had more time to soften in the box (although it was the second out of the oven, whereas the #4 sat in an cracked open box on the top of the oven for 5 minutes).  Paired with a 2011 Jean-Marc Burgaud Morgon Côte du Py James.
Was it worth a 3 hour wait?  Yes, once, but I'm not sure I'm going to do it again (but if someone wants to volunteer???).  This does set my longest foodie line wait (previously 2.5 hours for Hattie B's Hot Chicken in Nashville).
But at least when Joe closes this place and opens a new, bigger restaurant with slices (the rumor), I won't have to cringe when everyone says "Yeah, it's good, but it is a pity you never tried the original."
[No photos permitted, but I did sneak in one or two lol before being shooed away.]
Bon Appetit article: https://www.bonappetit.com/people/chefs/article/beddiaExcellent pizzas!  Joe crafts pizza like I never had before.  Pizzeria Beddia is a five star pizzeria!!  Perfect balance of ingredients and great crust.Since the dawn of time, pizza has been the lazy man's meal. 9 times out of 10, you've reached for your phone, stomach grumbling and called up that pizza delivery place you have on speed-dial for the sheer fact that it's fast, easy, cheap, filling, and even on its worst days, delicious. 
Well if that's what you're looking for, Pizzeria Beddia is not the place for you my friend. It's a pain in the tuckas. There is no phone so you actually have to get up and go order it, in-store and then you have to wait for it. It's cash only, so if you got no money in the bank, you better bum a $20 or find gooey satisfaction elsewhere that will let you put your meal on plastic. Also, this is just not the poor man's pizza. It's $18 (maybe $20, can't remember) for a plain pie. Add a few toppings, and you're looking at a $30 flying saucer of sauciness. (Nothing good in life comes cheap. Wonk, wonk, wonk.)
But once you get over all the "UGHHHHHH REALLY?!" moments, you realize that you've just sunk your teeth into one of the most satisfying, mouth-watering slices in the city (in my Top 3 in the Tristate, for sure...and certainly the best in Fishtown/NoLibs). As you gather yourself from the euphoric whirl of flavors and dancing pizzas that take over your mouth, brain, and soul, only one word comes to mind: FRESH. You can tell that every pizza is expertly crafted with love and only the best ingredients. No "week-past-expiration" cheese here, folks!! This is gourmet shiz. The crust stands on its own, with a good flavor, a little chew, and slightly-burnt-in-all-the-right-places crunch. The sauce is juicy and radiant. The cheese is stretchy and milky. It's just a damn good slice. It really is. 
And then it hits you. That's why it's a pain. It's a pizza elite. And if it wasn't so hard to get, it wouldn't be so expertly crafted. It wouldn't be so full of love, and warmth, and unicorn glitter. It would just be a cheap bite of convenience like everywhere else. But this, gentleman, is artisan pizza.Dad calls me and says, "Have you been to Pizzeria Beddia? I read about it in Bon Appetit. Best pizza in America, Knowlton says." So I'm all like PFFFFFT, hell no. "Best Pizza??" Is there such a thing?! It's like if I'm in a room with Sofia Vergara, Charlize Theron and Halle Berry and you're like "Which one is the most beautiful??"  It's a DILEMMA people. I'd cuddle them all. And to further compound my problems, I went to their website where in ALL CAPS like a bad OKCupid Profile (why are you YELLING?) they instructed me that they make a limited number of pizzas and there's usually a line and please start lining up at 4pm for $30 pizzas. Not sure my boss would be cool with me leaving work at 3:30 to go stand in a line, guy. And you know I'm not gonna win a pizza on a weekend.
So, I called my between-jobs loves-food-as-much-as-me friend and was like, "I have this really really good idea.... You stand in line by yourself and bring fifty dollars in cash. For PIZZA." 
Thank God she agreed. Chomping on two pizzas later: Arribiatta pizza whose humorous description on the pizza board has the word "ANGRY"-- i.e. the poops you will have later on. But, oh so happily spicy. You're like crying and smiling at the same time. And then we had a sausage with onions-- I could eat a hundo slices. 
After much contemplating and processing I knew why this place was a special five star pizza (for me): It's *not* brick oven pizza. I know that sounds weird but I think 9/10 of the philly pizza places I regularly frequent are all brick oven places. Pizza that tastes this great and it was made in a gas oven-- that's a masterful skill. Like finding out Halle Berry is almost 50. Yeah. Gorgeous.This is probably the best pizza I've ever had in my life.  And I'm giving it 4 stars and probably won't ever be back again.
If you've been there, this contradiction completely makes sense to you.
As has been mentioned in other reviews, the lack of seating, the wait, and the price make it too difficult to actually enjoy the experience.  My wife and I ordered, were told it was an hour wait, so we went over to EGG for a few beers.  We ended up ordering an appetizer there because, you know, we were actually hungry.  After the hour, we went over to get the pizza.  It was simply wonderful.  The first thing the lovely wife said was "I haven't had anything this good since I was in Italy" so this is no-joke-very-tasty stuff.  So we both sat there (stood there?) and ate the entire thing.  And were still hungry afterwards.
It's awesome food.  It's also outrageously priced and terribly inconvenient.  What a shame.This pizza was fine. Had the plain and the spicy. The spicy tastes like raw jalapeño is mixed in with the sauce.   Not what I expect for arrabiata. The plain tastes like Sam's Pizza from Wildwood. Definitely not worth the price or the hype. I would eat it if someone gave it to me for free but I wouldn't wait in line or pay that much for it. Also, crust was way overdone for my taste and I love brick oven pizza.I have been to pizzeria beddia twice now and I have to say it is by far my favorite pizza in Philly and without question the best pizza in the country. We got in line at 4:30 and they open at 5:30 you put in your order and then you come back and it's heaven in your mouth. Definitely worth the wait and make sure to bring a bottle of champagne to keep yourself warm while you are in mine. We joe!Wow, what a majestic pizza.
I am so lucky that this place opened up a block away from my house. The wait is worth it, and it's not like Beddia holds you hostage and makes you wait in line for it. He gives you a time to go grab a beer, get a growler fill, get your nails done, and come back and grab that slice of heaven.  
I am glad he does not have a phone as everyone would just call and reserve the pizza, ending up in a ton of headaches. If you still have nothing to do you can stop by my house and we can smoke a stogie or have a shot of rum.
They really treat you great if you dine in as well. I recommend it if you have the time.Attempt 1: 
Went there specifically with my three kids at 7pm. Sign on door said sold out. I will not return.
Attempt 2:
Ok, I tried to go again since eveyone thinks I am so entitled and should stop being a baby and just eat the pizza and wait and be quiet. ok whatever. Since I love Di Fara and Totonno's I followed procedure and went on Friday at 4pm, got online(#20), waited for 30 minutes then a young mother online 2 infront of me said we wouldnt actually get pizza until 630-645 at the earliest. So I left called little italy pizza on 9th and south and within 15 minutes I had a fantasic pie for 1175. I guess I'll try again next week at 3:00.WOW!!! WOW!!! 
I subscribe to BA and this place was given the title of being the best pizza in America and I will have to say that I agree! Before I ventured here, I did my research on their website and I also gathered some insight from reading a couple of Yelp reviews. Please note that they only make 40 pizzas a night and after asking Joe (the owner) why, he told me that he likes to maintain the freshness and quality of the pizza and plus Joe is the only guy that makes the pizza. I love that they care about the quality and regarding freshness, on the menu board they list the local farms and producers where they receive their ingredients from; you do not get any fresher than that.
On a Thursday, we arrived at 4:20 and were the first people in line! I think the fact that it rained had a lot to do with our luck because sometimes people arrive at least 2 hours prior to opening! Crazy? Yes, but worth every bit of the wait. As it got closer to 5:30, the line had accumulated to about 20 people. Because we were first in line, we were lucky enough to grab one of the two available tables. They offer complimentary water and bites of french bread with olive oil dipping sauce. I did not ask, but I am sure that they also bake the bread.
Being that it was our first time, we ordered all three pizzas as advertised; there was not a need to add toppings to a culinary experience that we had yet to even try. Due to the freshness of the ingredients, the menu is changed seasonally, but I think their basic cheese and "Angry" pizza are their staples. We could barely talk, the pizza was that good and we also noticed a distinct taste with each pizza. I will caution you: if you do not like really spicy food, I would stay away from the "Angry" pizza as it has a topping of pickled chilis and thai chilis are also mixed in the sauce. I was left with a clammy face, but I LOVE spicy foods, so I could take the heat.
As we were sitting there and eating like there was no tomorrow and bopping our heads to the great music selection, someone ordered a pizza and was told they could pick it up at 8:30...I looked at my watch and it was only 5:45! Yeah, get there early and get it in and do not forget that they only accept cash!
When we left, we did not have that stuffed feeling you would normally have from so much pizza and I think it was due to the fact that the dough is fermented for 36 hours and is prepared with organic flour; throw in the fresh ingredients and there you have it.....the BEST thin crust pizza in America. I am a Chicago girl and I will not give up my stuffed Giordano's, but I have definitely made some room in my heart for this joint.I was very skeptical of this place to begin with, but I have to say it really does live up to the hype. Its amazing to see Joe Beddia working his magic in the kitchen. It truly is art what he does with the pizzas. Yes its expensive, and yes the wait time sucks sometimes, but there are so many bars right there, go grab yourself a drink and enjoy yourself because I promise you the wait for the pizza is worth it. The white pizza we got was incredible. Definitely the best white pizza I have ever had. And I dont even know where to begin with the crust. Crispy. Check. Light. Check. Perfect amount of chew. Check. Flavorful. Check. I could keep going, but Ill stop. I wish it was closer to me because I would frequent it much more often!This place is kind of dumb.
Okay, before I get ripped apart to shreds.. I haven't eaten here yet (maybe that's more of a reason to get ripped apart to shreds). But like most people, I not only judge a place on food but on service/atmosphere as well. And in the mist of raving reviews (which are probably well deserved food-wise), I think this might save someone a walk down girard ave in the blistering summer heat which might very well end in disappointment and sweat. 
So they have no phones!!!!! Awesome. I was looking for a nice pizza byob night. I am always the first one of my friends to be ready, so I decided to walk down and grab a table- because they only have two!!!!!! 
There are two high tops with no chairs. I mean, maybe I'm not sophisticated but I like to sit at a byob. I like to sit.. and talk.. and drink.. and talk. But I wasn't angry at the place, I just kind of laughed and said: No chairs? 
The guy looked at me in disgust: Uh no we don't have chairs.
His attitude kind of set me back, so I just laughed again and said: Oh you don't have a phone so I just figured I'd walk down. I don't really know how this works. 
Again with disgust: Well I have to take your name down, and you have to pay for the pizza, and there is a 30 minute wait.  
NOOOOOO friendliness in his voice at all. Like I was a giant idiot, didn't I fucking know how it worked?!?! P.S: What if you're far away and you want to take out pizza? Then what do you do? Come over physically, order it, pay for it,  then wait 30 minutes in a tiny ass shop with no AC? (You'd probably feel so awkward in shame standing there so you'd definitely have to wait outside)
Okay, its your thing. It probably makes a lot of sense. Whatever. 
But maybe it won't hurt to be a little fucking nicer next time :) 
So if you're looking for a place to sit down with friends and eat good pizza and drink some wine and you're confused because there's no phone to ask such questions?
1. It's Hot.
2. There are no chairs.
3. The service is rude. 
It's PIZZA and its PHILADELPHIA. There are so many places.It really is outstanding stuff. The guy definitely knows what he's doing. Excellent ingredients and the best crust in the city, hands down, which I think puts it over the top.  Worth the hour wait...Johnny Brenda's and Frankford Hall are convenient for a drink while you wait.Let me start by saying I come from a place widely known for their pizza, so I might be a little spoiled. I have been searching for a place near where I live in philadelphia that I could actually enjoy. So far it hasn't been good. I really want something good that delivers in the northern liberties area, but I was willing to give beddia a chance even though they don't deliver. 
The pizza itself was good enough that if I came across it again I would eat it. But it wasn't worth what I had to go through to get it. And this is coming from a girl who drives two hours for good pizza. Trust me as a pizza lover I will go out of my way if I think it is worth it. Unfortunately, pizzeria beddia isn't worth what they put me through.
First of all, why in the world don't they have a phone? I can't think of a single legitimate business that doesn't have a phone. I would think that it's more of a hassle not to have one. It is definitely a hassle for their customers. I can't imagine that any person who eats there actually enjoys walking or finding parking there once to order, then a second time to pick up. I can't understand it. Its just more work for people who already have hectic schedules.
I would wait there except there is nowhere to sit and it takes an hour. I'm not complaining about the hour wait cause good work takes time. But I would rather call and wait at home. 
I would never eat there. There are no seats and it was not a welcoming atmospere. And the cashier was rude to me.
All in all good, but not that good. I won't be going back.Amazing. Seriously some of the best pizza my husband and I have had. The guy that makes these really puts love into every single pizza he makes. Fresh ingredients, friendly staff, delicious pizza.Rolling down 95 on the way south to MD and family wanted pizza. Wife checked Yelp and I was blessed to pick an exit that led us to Girard Ave.     
       Well, I got the last two pies of the day and they were incredible. Joe didn't rush mine because it was the end of the night and almost closing time. The crust was crispy and complimented the fresh ingredients. My 10yr have it an 8 out of 10 and he is very tough. My 8yr old hasn't developed a taste for much more than those delivery pizzas. My wife and foodie partner LOVED it and was glad to spend the cash(a little over $50.00) after she tasted the product.
       I will be telling my peeps in Philly all about the small, 40 pie per day, open from 5:30p-10:30p, cash only, no call in carryout, wonderful pizza joint in Fishtown. 
       I got to shake hands with the two "pizza masters" before I left. It is great to know there are folks who take this much pride in what they do and "stay in their lane" and do what they know best. Cheers to you Joe and thanks for dinner and the fresh loaf of Italian bread.SO good. This review is for people with food allergies -- if you have one, you can feel safe going here. I'm super allergic to tree nuts and sunflower seeds/oil, so it's hard to find places to eat. Joe knows all the ingredients that go in the pizzas, and double-checked everything for me to be sure. One of the few places you can feel safe ordering things if you or your kids have an allergy.We have lived in Fishtown now for a year. We have tried ALL of the pizza places in the area. Pizzeria Beddia is the best. We are pizza nuts and this is some of the best pizza we have ever had. That includes all the famous Chicago pizzerias. Yes, you have to get in line and wait. Yes, if you are toward the end of the line you may have to wait several hours for your pizza. Plan accordingly.  I simply get there early and bring my own folding chair. You always meet nice people in line. There are several nice bars nearby to have a drink while you wait.Fantastic pizza!
Get there early place you order and pick up couple hours later. I recommend the #1 with pickled peppers. Just outstanding Thanks Pizzeria Beddia!Rarely does a critically acclaimed restaurant live up to it's hype, especially pizza. Beddia comes pretty close. The best word to describe the pizza is balanced. The crust has that perfect level of buttery chew. The pizza isn't overly sauced or sweet. The cheese to topping ratio adds just the right amount of salt and spice. After placing your order, they'll quote you an ETA or you can watch the owner create masterpieces in the open kitchen. Despite the cult follwing & topping highly respected pizza lists, Joe Beddia remains friendly & humble. While I can't definitely say this is the best pizza I've had, Beddia is on my Mt. Rushmore of pizza. If I lived in Philly the insane wait would limit my visits, but I'd definitely recommend this as a pizza experience for everyone.The first time I went in with a chip on my shoulder about the order in-person, cash up front, 45-60 min wait thing. Just the plain was enough to totally change my mind. A few months later, I ordered another. When I finally got home & sunk in, I tasted it. The bottom was burnt. Not slightly, don't be a baby about it, but burnt. I was crushed. It was such an expensive, pain in the ass to get (compared to getting pizza anywhere else). And it took it so long, and I was starving. So I heated up some friggin soup. Not doing that again. Sorry guysI get angry when I talk about this place.  I just didn't want it to be good. I'm a jerk. I don't need to give ya'll the details of the many ways in which attempting to get a pizza here is a pain in the ass - others have covered that quite nicely.  But, here's my story.
I went here on a first date.  My date was boring, hungover, and a full-time mouth breather.  But I nearly fell in love with him anyway because he brought me here for pizza.  I hate the fact that this joint lives up to the hype, but it does. It really, really does.
There was no second date with the boy.  But there was a second date with the pizza.WORTH THE WAIT! We went on a Friday night. We arrived at 4:35 PM and were 6th and 7th in line. by 5 PM, the line was really, really long! The doors opened at 5:15 and everyone filed in to place their order. They have 3 pizzas - plain, angry (spicy), and white (creamy). The plain pizza can be specialized with toppings. There were 2 of us waiting in line together, so we were able to get 4 pizzas (there is a 2 pizza/person limit since they only make 40 pizzas a night). Here's how it works... The first person in line places their order and then their pizza(s) will be ready around 530. The 2nd person in line orders and their pizzas will be ready at 540, the 3rd person's order will be ready at 550, etc. We placed our order at 5:15 and returned at 6:15/6:20 to get our pizzas. If you are towards the end of the line, it will definitely take a few hours to get your pizza. To kill the time, we went to La Colombe and had a coffee. But, there are also a few bars in the area for the wait. There are only 2 guys working - one works the counter and the other makes every single pizza! They were very friendly and we had a nice conversation when we came back to pick up our pizzas. They also have bread and olive oil for you to try. The pizzas were great and you can tell the same person makes all of them! The angry has sliced jalapenos and can get really spicy. We got way too much pizza, but enjoyed having leftovers the next day. The pictures posted were after we devoured the other pizzas! It is definitely a true Philly experience you have to try :)Excellent pizza, the crust has a wonderful crunch and perfect flavor. The jersey tomato's and ages cheese take it to the next level!Beware the hype!
I mainly say that because this place does have a mystique to it (and high reviews) that leads one to set a high bar for what to expect.
Unfortunately, we just didn't feel it was worth the effort and cost to end up with a pizza which was simply above-average. It was very appetizing, yes, but it did not meet our expectations. Maybe it's personal taste, but we actually would crave a good tomato pie more. 
The pie (bok choy rabe and cream) was extremely rich. I suppose we would have been better choosing a pie with a tomato base. The crust was perfectly crispy and held the toppings well, though I found it a tad overly salty. The size of the pie was pretty large, and more than the two of us could handle in one sitting. 
We enjoyed the fact that good reviews haven't gone to their heads because the guys were chill and chatted with us about our favorite Philly ethnic spots while they made our pie. 
I'm not sure we'll be back soon, but we're happy they can put such focus and discipline into doing what they love.In theory, I was completely okay with all the quirks of this place.  I gathered my friends, ordered some pizza (in person, not on the phone!!), ran to find an ATM to pay in cash since they don't have one, and then accepted the 1.5 hour wait time.  My group headed next door and shared a Kenzinger pitcher while we waited for our allotted time.  The fact that everyone that doesn't live in Fishtown needs somewhere to go during the pizza wait period is likely good for JBs, which is okay with me. Anyways, we went back at our time to enjoy our two ($25 a pop) pizzas, while standing up, mind you, because they don't have chairs. The pizza was really good. The sauce was good, the flavors were fresh, and in general, I really liked it. However, when all was said and done, I just don't know if how good the pizza tastes is worth the effort to eat here more than once in a blue moon. The fact that they had pickled chiles was enough to win me over one time, but conceding on a telephone so I could call in orders would really entice me to order from here way more often. It's too much of an ordeal right now, and I am not an impatient grump, especially when it comes to good 'za!7 stars. 5 stars for incredible pizza PLUS one extra star for making us burn calories and work up an appetite by walking and placing an order ( instead of instant gratification- delivery) PLUS one extra extra star for making a pizza worthy of a spice queen (arribbiata is SPICY! this is coming from a girl who pours sriracha, Tabasco, habenero sauce, etc on EVERYTHING. Eggs, soup, pizza, literally everything). Beddia, your crust is SO good I refuse to give any to my puppy ( who always gets rustica, trios, and pizza brain crust... And don't get me wrong, those pizza shops are awesome but beddia is on a level of its own.) also, major props to beddia for stating a pizza feeds 2... No shame in eating 4 slices. Thank you, beddia. Thank you.Had their spicy pizza ... ordered at 5:30ish, couldn't pick it up until 9:30 or later. Have to admit the fanfare of this joint is a bit over the top, but the freshness of the ingredients speak for themselves. It's also nice to know that the ingredients are from local sources so a plus goes for that in itself to know that this joint supports local farmers/produce by doing so. 
In general:
Crust - light and fluffy. not too thick (starchy), but also not too thin/dry (like paper). it really hits the sweet spot in terms of crust ... perfect
Cheese - perfectly melted. the mozzarella is absolutely fantastic and helps to moderate the spiciness coming from the jalapenos that come as toppings on the spicy pizza.
Sauce - not too overpowering since too much would leave a much more acidic flavor in the mouth. the sauce itself is not that sweet either, which I can appreciate.
Not really a fan having to wait 40 minutes before opening to actually have a decent chance of getting a pizza nor the long wait time to receive product due to overwhelming demand ... something about that needs to get fixed.The pizza was very good and I would eat it again if we didnt have to wait in line and pick it up at 10pm. We got the last two pies so had no choice but to get the plain. Would like to go back for the number 2. Wouldn't go through the hassle again for the plain.He did it again! The pizza is back, and I was nervous it wouldn't be the same, but it's delicious! The space is airy and inviting, the staff is friendly and helpful, and the wine on draft is a great pairing. I went with a big and small group already, and everyone was extremely happy with their meal. The Swiss chard was a crowd favorite. Def go for a pizza!Awesome pizza..some of the best pizza I've had and I lived in NYC fo years so I'm very pickyNot only was the pizza everything it was billed to be (pizza arrabiata - warning has Serrano's) but  the place has amazing atmo and delicious skin contact wine on tap! Chef Joe Beddia was personally delivering much of the food and just a genuine heartfelt guy to talk to. We congratulated him on the space and he got choked up about how fortunate he was. True blue. Delighted to support this place
P.s. the beans, the Spanish anchovies on special, and the Tuscan kale were all stellar.The pizza is the best I've had in philly. Being a Chicago girl, I was not a big fan of ny style thin crust. But the quality of ingredient  are so top notch that it comes together quite wonderfully. You must give it a shot.Got to plan and treat a visit to the place as a WHOLE leisurely experience.
Started to head to the pizzeria mid afternoon, Got there more than an hour before they open and queued up. There were several dozen people ahead of us in line. So we whittled the time away discussing other options if we didn't make the cut of First 40.
At 5:30 the line started moving and it moved rather quickly. In about 10 minutes we placed our order. Limit of 2 pies per party. But the important thing was we made it. Yeah!!! Ready/Pick up time was 9:20 which was 2 hours and 40 minutes away.
Drove to Elkins Park for a treat of Passion Fruit/Mango Shaved Ice at Paris Baguette. Totally refreshed, we went back to the pizzeria in time to watch our pizza coming out of the oven.
So we enjoyed our late dinner by eating the pizza standing.  But, frankly, "standing" was not something we focused on while we were there. We were very occupied by tasting and comparing the 2 pies we had.  The business owners were open, friendly, and helpful. They were very likable.  
We ate our fills and boxed the rest to take home. Got home way passed my bedtime. On the way home, my tummy was warm and happy. My young friend seemed eager to text home the experience to her family in China. She said she was impressed by their practice of ascertaining quality instead of quantity.  
We were both satisfied by the day's sojourn.Hands down the best pizza in Philadelphia. Worth every penny. 
If you like spicy, get the arrabiata! During the summer, Joe had the most delicious white pie I've ever tasted with tiny little tomatoes on top in all sorts of colors.  I can't wait for it to come back again next year.  Since then, he's had plenty of delicious substitutes - fennel, corn, etc. You really can't go wrong here. Joe Beddia and his staff are also the best - super friendly and welcoming.  He says hello, goodbye and thank you to each and every person that walks into his pizzeria.  Word of advice: if you plan on having Beddia for dinner, plan in advance - they don't have a phone and don't deliver. There is normally a wait - it's worth it!I managed to get a reservation for a Friday night to see what the hype was about and I left being very satisfied with the pizza. The pizza is difficult to describe for me as I feel it is unlike any pizza I have had before. I think the cheese and spices used are the real standouts. One pizza is plenty for two people so I feel the pricing is completely reasonable. Customer service was very good despite the craziness of the place. Whether you come out thinking it is the best pizza is up to you but it is definitely some of the best you will have in Philly.Newly reopened!!! I definitely missed thus place and so happy to see it reopened even in a soft opening.There is only so much you can say about pizza. Either you get it or you don't.  If you just want something to munch on or fill yourself up, go anywhere. If you want to experience something unique, fresh, high quality, and authentic to the true pizzeria traditions, go here.  Mr. Beddia has gone to painstaking ends to research, train, and develop a perfect pizza. You won't find a ton of pizza tricks here.  No truffle oil, no crazy tastes or 25 cheeses.  Just very high quality ingredients and a methodical, careful preparation.  
Yes there are some quirks (no phone, 20min wait), long waits on the weekends), but that's what makes this place unique.  It's very simple you crazy hipsters.  Stop being sheep and just go early or go late, or just walk in and place a pre-order then grab a beer nearby.  Why join the masses and confine yourself to eating at 7pm on a Friday night?  It tastes just as good at 5:30 or 8:30 or on a wed.  Plus then you can enjoy it at one of the two standing tables, instead of taking it home.  Fresh is best!
We tried all three:
#1- Basic pizza- probably one of the best you've ever had
#2- sweet ricttoa with kale and arugala- my wife loved this one best and ate 4 slices of pizza for the first time in her life.
#3- super spicy arrabiata- just like #1, but spicy.  
You can't go wrong. Go here. Experience it.The hype and the wait are so worth it for this pizza. Truly "handcrafted," Joe Beddia's pies are stellar. Thin, crunchy crust, not too sweet sauce, fresh grated cheese as it comes out of the oven, a perfectly even distribution of toppings. We passed the 3 hour wait time at nearby Frankford Hall, and came back eager and hungry and were not disappointed. Talk to Joe, he's got an interesting story and is happy to tell you about himself and his pizzas.Solid upscale fun pizza bar. Great food. Make sure you get tomato pie appetizer! If you don't have a reservation you'll most likely wait a solid 90+ minutes. But you can walk over to Frankfurt Hall for drinks after you put your name in. They'll text you.Interesting concept - no phone, cash only, 2 tables, no chairs, open Wednesday - Saturday 530-1030pm, can only buy pies (no slices), 1 cook, average wait time is 1-2 hours. 
Is the inconvenience worth it? No. We had the tomato pie which is made with whole milk mozzarella, old gold aged cheese, and extra virgin olive oil. We added Cremini mushrooms and arugula. The pizza tasted very, very fresh. You can tell the ingredients were good quality. We liked the pizza a lot. 
However, the aforementioned inconvenience will probably make us not come back. If I am in the mood for pizza, I'm not going to walk/drive to a place, order, and then come back in 2 hours to pick it up. There are other great pizza spots in the city that make their pizza more readily available.Truly outstanding pizza. Locally sourced ingredients. Not a lot of variety (3 base pizzas), however, all three are exceptional. A shining example of where keeping it simple has gone remarkably right. Also, no operating phone (at least when I tried), so orders have to be placed in person, but as long as the pizza is this good, I don't mind at all. Probably the best pizza I have ever had.One of the best pizza places in Philly hands down. My friend and I got to the place around 4:15, ordered our pies and hung out in Fishtown then got our pizzas at 9:30. Once you put your order in they give an extremely accurate time estimate as to when your food will be ready. 
Overall great service and great quality pizza. Definitely worth going to at least once!I'm sorry, Pizzeria Beddia. I feel bad about giving three stars, but I think I can justify that better than giving four stars. Although it really was a toss up between three or four stars.
So I came to Pizzeria Beddia after reading about how it's the "best pizza in America" per Bon Appetite and a maybe other articles as well. Of course I had to see what all the buzz is about! So after about an hour and a half's drive over to Pizzeria Beddia, my boyfriend and I arrive roughly an hour before they open (they're only open Wednesdays through Saturdays from 5:30P to 10:30P and only make 40 pies a day). There are already several people waiting in line. So we jump in line and I'd say we're about 6th place in line. 
It's 5:30P and they open. They let everyone in and everyone makes their order - there's no phone installed, so there's no option of calling in orders ahead of time. It's a short menu but it's clear - you either choose pizza number 1, 2, 3, or 4 (2, 3, and 4 changes daily) and if you want extra toppings it'll cost you X amount. It's a cash only establishment, by the way. It's our turn, there's one guy taking orders and one guy in the back prepping the pizzas. We put in our order and we're told that it'll take roughly and hour to make and to come back then. That's cool that they give you a time of when to return to pick up and eat your order, that way we don't have to just stand there. With the exception of the very first person in line, everyone else leaves to go elsewhere and intends to return at the time they're told. But there isn't much to do around there with only an hour or so to kill. It probably helps neighboring bars because it seems that everyone just drank to wait it out.
6:30P rolls around, we return to the pizzeria, and we wait another twenty minutes or so before being handed our pizza. There aren't any seats in the pizzeria, but there are two standing tables that you can eat at. But it seemed that majority of the people took the pizza to go. We ordered the Tomato, Whole Milk Mozzarella, Old Gold Aged Cheese, EVOO ($22). It's a really good pie, but would I consider it the BEST? Nah. I'd say that Brooklyn has better - i.e. Lucali's or Di Fara's. I read that Joe Beddia actually observed Dom DeMarco's (of Di Fara's) cooking technique to ensure consistency.
The pizza was good but I don't think it's worth the long wait. I didn't deem it to be anything too special. I also felt that the pricing was pretty high, but some may dispute that it could be due to the fresh ingredients. And although there's only one chef, I feel that pricing could go down if they just purchased more - and to make more pies instead of just 40 a day. Maybe i just don't understand what Joe Beddia was going for, but I feel that he is a young guy, and if Dom DeMarco can make more than 40 pies and be open for longer hours and more days, then Joe Beddia can too. If refrigeration or lack of ovens are an issue that's preventing that, those issues should have been resolved in the beginning of the business and it just seems like poor business planning.had a great night here and loved the vibe as much as the food.  Beddia is rocking some great pizza.  After having a couple pies with my friends, that were a delicious and complex, we hesitantly ordered ONE MORE and went with the plain.  I was scared the plain would fall flat after being wow'd by the other pies; this one was my favorite!  Glad to get in and have feast.  Looking forward to more soon, and just stopping by for a Negroni and pie night.Love this place great atmosphere and lovely staff! PS get the ice cream at the end!Artificial waitlist at its finest. 
Walked in on a Monday and was told there would be  an hour wait. Ended up being seated in about 45, but the table we sat at was vacant from the time we got there...also were seated outside despite plenty of seats that appeared to be open inside. 
Hostess staff needs an upgrade.. not the friendliest and definitely seemed to mismanage the seating situation. 
Pizza was great and the salad was great too. 
Only one urinal in the men's room was weakI would like to first inform all readers that I am an Italian American and my review is based on my experience as  a baker(I sold the business and it's still thriving after over 27 years), and a pizza lover.  Like the rest of the pizzeria  Beddia reviewers we all read the hype and just had to try it for ourselves.  It's with great regret that I have to give pizzeria Beddia such a low review, but with extreme qualifications. The pizza was so average that I went on a pizza quest to be fair honest and to have valid comparisons. If you are a real pizza aficionado you will understand and continue to read, if not,  it's almost certain you will go and throw at least $50 of your hard earned money and not to mention your valuable time at this Millennial social media creation.  I ate at the big 6 New York Pizza institutions, original Grimaldi, Lombardi, Johns of Bleecker street, Prince street Pizza, Joe's in the East Village, and Difara. Also at Frank Pepe in New Haven, and my local  Philadelphia favorite, Vincenzo's of Bensalem Pa. For anyone to give pizzeria Beddia more than two stars would be a gift and I would question their experience and knowledge of what real Neopolitan pizza is supposed to taste like. Pizzeria Beddia doesn't even come close to the Pizzerias I mentioned, PERIOD!Once blessed with the title of the Best Pizza in the US of A, one would expect to have a full-on foodgasm at first bite. Well that didn't happen, but this pizza is good and it is worth a taste. I am so happy they now have a sit down establishment that takes reservations, because I would have been let down had I waited in line for hours. The restaurant is bright, fresh, and inviting. To get there, we walked down the alley past a guy smoking a bong at 6 in the evening, pure Fishtown! Dining Partner and I split an app of the tomato pie and then a plain cheese pizza. While we ate 3 slices each, we both had one leftover slice to go. I love that rather than bother with boxes you can simply wrap any leftovers in the tin foil they provide. Great service and friendly wait staff, should definitely be on your to-taste list.Went on a Thursday night as a walk-in to see if we could get in.  Arrived at 5:30 PM and the super friendly staff told us it would be 1.5 hour - 2 hour wait.  We put in our name and phone number and then went somewhere else for drinks while we waited.  They texted us at 6:55 PM and said they had 2 seats at the bar open for us.  They delivered on the 1.5 hour wait time!
I never went to the old spot so I really can't compare it, but I had a great experience and really enjoyed the food!  
We started with the lettuce, apple, radish, almond salad.  They substituted the salad dressing with something without fish (I'm vegetarian) and it was delicious! Then we got the 1. pizza and added roasted onion.  The onions were sweet vidalia onions and they added a nice element to the pie. 
We asked about the pickled chilis (serrano peppers) and the people next to us let us try one of theirs.  WOW was it spicy!  I think I was crying.  It took a full 5 minutes for my mouth to feel normal again.  I like to think I can handle spicy food, but it was too spicy for me.  Proceed with caution if you are adding them!
Got the soft serve with an amaro on top.  I think it was the sfumato, whichever is the one they describe as 'smokey.'  It was a great way to end the meal.  My friend and I shared it.  It wasn't huge, but enough to share if you just want a little something sweet.
I liked how the bar was more of a communal seating area for full service.  There weren't random people standing around and trying to elbow their way through to order a drink.  You felt like you had your own space and were treated with the same respect as people seated at proper tables.
Overall, great ambiance, great staff, great experience, GREAT FOOD!  Can't wait to go back!Went here on a Friday night around 5:15 and the place was starting to get crowded. My friend and I were seated at the countertop since all the regular tables were taken or had reservations (we didn't make one), but sometimes you have to make amends for GREAT pizza.
My buddy pointed out the owner and I could tell he was making the rounds to see how service was. I LOVE this because it shows he really cares about the customers and wants to know if they're enjoying their food.
We started off with the judion beans, which were soaked in olive oil and lemon zest and served with a side plate of bread. This was an excellent starter and accompanied my first of two lagers quite nicely.
Then came the main event - Pizza #1: tomato, whole milk mozz, royer mountain with pepperoni and a side of pickled chilis. Since this was my first experience at Pizza Beddia, I didn't want to overdress the order with too many toppings. "Greatness can be found in simplicity," Charan. 
At first glance I thought the cheese would be flying off the slice because it came out super hot, but our pie held up nicely. I'll never complain about a pizza being oily either. Let that pepperoni sizzle.
Mr. Beddia - you've made a believer out of this New Yorker. I thoroughly enjoyed the pie and with every bite it grew on me. The crisp and crunch was consistent through the entire crust and wasn't overdone. 
I sprinkled some of the pickled chilis on one of my slices; they added a nice touch of heat without overpowering the tastebuds. You can't go wrong with a little added kick and a cold brew to wash it down.
There were no leftovers. Sadly, no room for dessert, but when you go out for pizza, you load up on pizza and feel no regrets.
Bottom line: go out of your way for Pizza Beddia. I'll be back next time I'm in town and I might order one of everything. Two cheers for Joe.Freaking good. Don't miss on the app of tomato pie. Comes in a slice so don't expect a big ol' pie. I had the angry pizza which was satisfyingly spicy with the Thai peppers in the sauce for a lil kick. Gotta stop in and try, get there when they open and hang at the bar to avoid waits!"It's not about you . It's not about me . It's about the pizza ." - Joe Beddia
After one failed attempt to come here about a month ago I finally got a pie tonight .
I got here after 4 on a Wednesday and I was   11th in line . 
After talking to this nice handsome man from Maine who was behind me in line I decided to go with the original with pepperoni on one half . They told me to return around 6:15 . 
My pizza journey took 4 hours and honestly I would do it again .
The verdict : it is one of the best pizzas I've ever had and I fully understand why bon apetit ranked this place as having the best pizza in America .
I also understand why some people say that while this place is above average it was not worth the wait .
It all comes down to your palate .
If you like fine dining you'll love this place  because that's what joe does ; he takes a simple dish and elevates it . 
He is the master of layering . The creaminess of the mozzarella . The sweet maltiness of the crust . The acidity from the tomato sauce . The sharp finish of the hard cheeses . The spicy grass / floral notes from the olive oil he finishes the pizza off with ....
The pepperoni side  wasn't as good  as the plain because the meat through off the balance of salt on the pie .
Next time I'm just going to get the original without any toppings  .
However if you're not in the fine dining camp that's cool too . This place isn't for you . Pizza brain is ( budget wise , convenience and tasty af) . See my review for them .
Pizza beddia is not as pretentious as it seems .
I understand Joe . I understand why he does what he does .
The prices are a bit high but that's because he is using premium ingredients to make his pies . That olive oil for example ain't cheap .
The 40 pie a night thing  also is  not a marketing ploy . It's really all about quality control .
He doesn't want to potentially comprise his message by having someone else interpret his artwork ...because that's what his pizza is....art.I generally dislike pizza as it's a staple of "free food" conferences. However, one of my co-workers has a reservation to this place that is supposed to be the best in America, so who am I to say no?
The pizza place is tucked in an Alleyway within a skip and jump from the Girard train station. The space is light and airy, and the vibe is very hipster. Reminded me almost of a yoga studio. 
We got various drinks, 2 apps and 2 pies to share with the 6 of us. Just enough to fill us up. The pizza was really quite good, and I think it has to do with the simultaneously crispy/chewy crust with high quality ingredients. I would not recommend getting the anchovy platter as a starter - quite good but at $14 for 5 anchovies it was too little to share even among our table of 6. The tomato pie slice was decent, especially with the olive oil from the anchovy platter.
We got the special pizza, a white sauce based delight, and the tomato with crimini/dandelion greens. These were delicious and definitely the highlight. I would really have to compare with the other pizza joints downtown as some of them make a mean crust as well, but Beddia is worth a trip to Fishtown for the ambiance and general deliciousness. I may not go back just for this place, but am definitely glad I tried it.Okay so I made my reservation on May 3rd for July 2nd! I was super excited to try this pizza. We first got kombucha cocktails which were excellent and refreshing. We then had the roasted vegetable Caesar salad which was deconstructed and super unique, loved that. We got the pizza special for the night which was a kale and cherry vinegar sauce, that was excellent-very unique. We also had the original pizza which was great, but it was not the mind-blowing experience I was expecting. My friend agreed. Also, there is no need for two pizzas for two people, I would recommend agreeing on one for two people. The restaurant was a very open area, cathedral ceilings and made for the noise of a very crowded restaurant to be super amplified. It was very difficult to hear across the table. The couple next to us was celebrating a birthday and I definitely thought for me personally I wouldn't want to have a celebratory dinner there due to volume. All in all, excellent/unique pizza-but not life changing.The Angry pizza was different from the other shop but delicious.  Hot toppings, crispy delicious thin crust.  Beans appetizer simple but excellent EVOO and lemon zests.We got lucky with a reservation here. We were traveling for work and a coworker had people back out of their reservation last minute so we got to take their place. 
We started off with some tomato pies. They were pretty good. I had never had it before, but I enjoyed it. 
We tried four pizzas. One was the seasonal one with peaches and another the daily special with corn, tomato, and pesto. Then we got two on the normal menu: a regular cheese pizza and an angry pizza. 
My favorites were the specials, but they were all really good. I especially liked the peaches on the pizza. 
We finished by getting soft serve which everyone loved. The sweet cream was the best soft serve I've every had.
It's hard to find and in an alley with no sign. Trust Google to get you there, but parking is terrible. We circled streets for a long time before finding something. 
I would say I'd come back, but realistically, coming from out of town with reservations hard to come by, I probably won't be back.This is probably the best pizza you're going to find in Philly.  The crust is nice and crispy, peppers are the right amount of spicy, cheese is ooey gooey, and sauce is just right.   The line started forming at 4pm on a Saturday (they open at 5:30) which is a real PIA, but I guess that happens when great pizza is involved.  
I think if you're one of the first 7-10 people on line you'll get a reasonable pickup time. We were #4 and hubbie went to pick up our pies at 5:45pm and he overheard people ordering at that time being asked to come back to pick up after 9pm!This was so worth the trip into the city from NJ!  The sauce with the little pieces of tomato, cheese melted just right, the crust was amazing!
I will be back to try moreRead about this place on every foodie site imaginable, it still exceeded my very high expectations. Pizza was phenomenal. Great selection of wines to pair with the pizza too. 
Also, they use Resy to keep a handful of tables open without reservation. Showed up at 6 pm on a Saturday night with no reservation. Seated at the bar at 7 pm.The pizza is very good. But in the end it's about how much we pay and what we get for it.  2 pizzas with two glasses of wine and a shared dessert should not cost $100. Extremely limited alcohol section. Seating is at a long table next to other people. There's a lot of amazing places you can go in Philly for 2 and spend $100 but I do not want it to be a pizza place. Glad we tried it, won't be returning, santuccis it is.My husband said he booked a reservation here 2 months in advance for the Sunday of Memorial Day weekend. I didn't know if I believed him or not, because our anniversary was the day before. I thought maybe this pizza place was a decoy to go to another restaurant and surprise me. Luckily he did have a reservation for a nice restaurant the night before. But we still came to this pizza place the next day. 
We arrived a little before our 6:30 time and were seated. Our seats were in a small 2 top right next to someone else and it was a little hard getting in and out without my butt bumping into their table. We ordered 2 drinks the negroni and old fashioned, both were made very well. We ordered a basic pizza with crimini mushrooms and roasted onions. Everything tasted very fresh and they were generous with the toppings. The tomato sauce was a little watery in some spots. I liked how the crust was very crispy and had good flavor. We didn't get dessert because we were going somewhere else to get ice cream, but the espresso soft serve looked good. When we were finished we were given tin foil to take our pizza home. Luckily we only had 2 pieces and could make it work. But I feel bad for people with almost a whole pizza to take home, they probably have to squish it all together. I wish they had boxes instead. 
Overall I think it is a little over hyped, but it was still a very good pizza and I enjoyed the experience. We might come back when they have a new seasonal pizza with different ingredients.On the day I was supposed to finally go to Pizzeria Beddia I woke up to find the my eyeball had blood draining into it. I was told by the doctor that I needed to go to the ER but I thought "naw. I got pizza to eat first" 
Unsure if I made the right decision to not go to the ER, I went to Pizzeria Beddia and ordered a pizza with sausage and mushrooms at the risk of losing my own eye. There are not many things in life that I know I have done right, but after that first bite of pizza, I knew risking the loss of my eye over pizza was ABSOLUTELY the right decision.
The sauce is perfect. Sweet, yet still acidic. The mushrooms were earthy and flavorful. The sausage was amazing. 
But the ice cream. That espresso ice cream. Now THAT I would have absolutely risked having my head removed for that ice cream. It is the kind of ice cream that will make you never want to eat ice cream anywhere else ever again because you finally know what ice cream is truly supposed to taste like.Good time. Got in with no wait. 
Not the best pizza ever but very good.
I would say for one person it was very expensive I ended up sharing some of my pizza with a stranger who sat next to me so he would not have to buy whole pie.I'm giving them 4 star cause there prices are hi !!! There pizza is the best but come on really ?  There hours blow too.  There's no slices here either. But there pizza is the  best  .  Ill change this to five star when they change prices cheaperAfter seeing the article stating pizzeria beddia was rated as the best pizza in the US, I knew I had to give it a try. Getting reservations was impossible for a weekend. I made reservations 2 months out. 
When we got there, we got seated right away. We got sat on a communal table which I wasn't the biggest fan of as your pretty much sitting right next to your neighbors so not as private. 
 We tried the seasonal pizza (waitress recommended), kale salad and the tomato pie slice. I'm glad we listened to the waitress as the seasonal pizza was amazing! The kale salad was mediocre, nothing too special about it. The tomato pie was also delicious. It was just focaccia
Bread with tomato sauce  but was very good. The service was great as well. They are pretty quick. We didn't even finish our apps and the pie was out. 
We noticed a lot of people ordering more than one pie between two people and got scared we didn't order enough. We couldn't even finish that one pie. We then overheard someone say they ordered more so they can take it home as pizzeria Beddia doesn't allow take out orders. I wish we thought about it because there were other pies we wanted to try. Will definitely be going again!By far the best pizza I have had in Philadelphia! I don't even know where to start with this place. They offer both outdoor and indoor seating, and this place is beautiful, its so modern and the restaurant is huge. We ordered 3 pies for 4 people and it was more then enough. We had the following:
1) tomato, whole milk mozz, royer mountain pizza, 
2) pizza arrrabiata 
3) chef's pizza
Each were amazing, and different in their own ways. I would 100% go back here and already have my reservation waiting for next month. The place is kind of expensive but I think it was worth it, everything tasted so fresh and you can tell the chefs have perfected each pie. I suggest you make a reservation because it does seem like a long wait if you don't make it ahead of time.This place didn't even come close to deserving all the hype for its pizza (nor the exorbitant price of $25/pie).
I will admit that I prefer my pizza to have a thicker, doughier crust. With that said, I've had plenty of incredible thin crust pizzas; Beddia's just wasn't one of them. Nothing about the original (#1 on the menu) - crust, sauce, nor cheese - impressed me in any way. The #2 (white pizza w/ Swiss chard and garlic) was interesting, but it fell short of the "gourmet" distinction to which it clearly aspires. The #3 (topped with poblano peppers) was simply bad. It had no depth of flavor, the poblanos were the only thing that we could taste. 
Other comments:
Pro: there's a nice outdoor patio where you can enjoy a drink while waiting for a table.
Con: the dining room with the steeple ceiling was SO LOUD, we couldn't even hear each other from across the table.Best pizza I've had since moving to Philly. We had mushroom and pepperoni because that's what the couple next to us was having and it looked amazing - it was! 
Their specialty pizzas also sounded really good and looked amazing! the tomato pie was the perfect way to start the meal!Rather disappointed in my first experience here.
Our party of 7 arrived at 5 pm on week night. We were celebrating my brother's birthday.
Our server, a thin, petite gal, was the main issue. I will disclose that I, too, am a waitress and am very understanding and forgiving to those in my profession.
If she had checked on us, she would have seen that we didn't have enough napkins, we ran out of water, and we also had another table's pizza on our table, we needed drink refills, yes we would please like some salt, and we were celebrating a birthday.
I articulated to her three times when I could catch her that we were celebrating my brother's birthday. There was no candle in anything or recognition.
Kind of disappointing when you can't enjoy your family or the delicious dinner in front of you because you're all trying to catch the waitress's attention.
On the positive side, the pizza was good, the broccoli rabe caesar interesting, and the tomato pie a flavor explosion.
Ambiance is chic and minimalist. The owner may consider some sound boards to absorb the din from the exuberant crowd bouncing off the mostly wood and cement fixtures.
I think in the future we'll stick with Mulherin Sons for special occasions as we have in the past.Pros: Pizza was delicious. Draft wine also good. Soft serve with liquor was a cool twist and tasty. Friendly waiter.
Cons: The place is loud - uncomfortably loud. Even the waiter said something about it. Also, when we got our pizza, the runner said, "We like to say there is a built in Instagram timer for you to post a picture then eat." Just say wait a minute to eat the pizza. The place comes off pretentious enough without them suggesting you post a picture. It's also pretty tough to get a table. Kudos on their success but it's not a neighborhood place. 
The spicy pizza is really spicy - be aware!I've wanted to go to Pizzeria Beddia years ago, but didn't want to deal with the whole line issues with my wife.  Wasn't going to work, so I was super excited that this sit down restaurant with reservations was finally open.  
So everything, including joe Beddia says that this place is over-hyped now and has been.  Maybe it is, maybe it isn't.  Just looking at the pie, it's thoughtfully put together.  For half a second, I thought it would be the perfect pie to share, since there wasn't one slice that had so much more to offer than another...  I was still wrong, because my wife did decide to eye up what she considered the best slices...  The mushroom we had was evenly spread across the pie with roasted onions.  I might have to say that these were some of the best pizza toppings I've ever had on a pizza.  Fresh ingredients treated well.  This pizza had me question why we get toppings.  These toppings complemented the pizza, but at other places am I just getting toppings to enhance a more subpar pizza?  
The entire pie was baked just right for the type of pie you're ordering.   I myself, prefer a thicker dough and crust, but this didn't disappoint me.  It's done right and it made me want to eat at a pizzeria again.  I can't even think of the last time I actually wanted to eat my pizza at the location it was cooked.  If you just want bagged mozzarella and canned sauce, then this place isn't for you.  Don't come here and complain about the money.   It wasn't my favorite pizza ever, but I'd still come back.  Hoping that different seasons would bring different ingredients.
The weirdest thing was that when we were ready to go, our leftovers were placed in aluminum foil.  Seemed a bit odd, but was entertaining to watch other tables try to take home a large amount of pizza in that and how to place it in there in their own.Great pizza! And yes I bought into the hype and waited 2 months for a reservation instead of taking a chance of walking in and waiting for a table. The only thing I was annoyed with was the table wasn't ready when we arrived and the hostess said wait in this corner. Like uhhh what? There was clearly tables open. 2 spots opened at the bar so when we went to grab them again "oh people
Are waiting for those spots" Go back to your corner. Weird. 
A very nice waiter did come over and get us drinks though. We didn't have to sit at the communal tables. Thank god but we were put in a tiny corner. It was so HOT outside and was glad to sit under a AC vent. 
We got the beans (yummy)
Regular plain pizza and the "angry". Loved the crust and all the burnt bubbles on it. The angry was spicy! But I kept going back for more. I ate 4 slices total (yes I waited all damn day for this pizza!)
Finished it off with an espresso soft serve! DelishArrived with probably unrealistic expectations.  New locations on a sexy little side street in Fishtown.  The kitchen is sexily illuminated behind a glass wall.  Young sexy people all around. It's a sexy place. I ordered the basic pizza. There's only one size. I didn't get any toppings. By the standard of the best pizza in America, I was I guess only mildly disappointed.  It is expertly made pizza. Just a little more char than I usually like. And I  definitely like char in my pizza. I missed basil and I thought there was a little too much oil. But I think that means that I really really love traditional Neapolitan thin crust. These guys clearly try as hard as anybody really should to make fantastic pizza. Their executive chef hovered around the pies as they were prepared for final delivery. For God's sakes, there's an executive chef...in a pizza parlor...  I came alone, and I'll definitely be back with my wife. Probably not the kids as I think most of what's special about this place would elude them.The pizzeria of all pizzerias! When I go to bed at night and close my eye, the image of pizzeria Beddia ZAs float around in my head and I feel like I am in heaven. This place really lived up to all the hype as BEST ZA place in America. The no phone, no cash, no reservations, order and come back in 45 minutes really was a second thought when the slice of #1 plain hit my tastebuds. The pizzeria master has a unique touch of crafting pieces of art that will amaze you! Get here ASAP, and try everything one the menu. Before you know it, you will be having  sweet dreams of pizzeria Beddia every night as well! When you do go, make sure you let them know the ZA Dude sent ya!Not just the best pizza ever had.  A top 5 food I ever had.    Had the spicy pizza.   It was excellent and amazing.   I also had a plain pizza with roasted onions and pepperoni.  Delicious!! 
Came back a week later and tried the tomato pie with anchovies. It was good.  Not as good or unreal as above.    Dessert yogurt is really good.  The salad is also pretty good!Refined comfort food, impeccable yet unpretentious pizza, and amazing hospitality. You want their secret? Buy the book -- Pizza Camp. Joe Beddia is a class act, a master of elevated humble food. Chic but functional environment with equally chic and functional service. I love this place. Good vibes!A group of 4 of us came on a Saturday evening without reservations; BAD idea! We got there at 8pm, and we were not seated until 10:40pm. They had a bar, but that was considered seating as well, so you couldn't just grab a seat there. We decided to wait because my friend really wanted to try this place. Any-who, once seated our waiter came right away with water and menus. He answered any questions we had. Orders were placed rather quickly since we were starving. We were seated by the kitchen with big windows, and a nice view of the chefs. Pizzas came out about 20 minutes later. Both were nice, but honestly nothing to write home or shoulder shimmy about, especially when the bill came to $78 for TWO pies. 
Being that the wait was so long, reservations are pretty much impossible, and the price tag for ok pizza, I wouldn't return.Went for the espresso and sweet cream soft serve. Delish. Simple yet addicting and wouldn't go back for more.It is a nice place . We had to put ourself in the waiting list. After 30 min we got the seat which I thought was ok looking at how busy this place is. 
When you are waiting you can actually order drinks and enjoy outside. 
When we got the seat. We went all in and order 
Arrabbiata Pizza (Angry pizza) 
It is 16" pizza with a crispy crust, the sauce and the cheese felt it was in sink with each other and on top   Small chopped Thai chili and basil on top. 
I must say the pizza was really great. 
Spicy at the same time it felt you want to take a bite when you look at it. 
It is not for the light hearted. It is bold at the same it is self destructive with every bite you take. 
Do look at the pizza when it serves to your table it is a true reflection of what they are "One of the best in Philly."
Would love to come back for more.Didn't think Google Maps was taking me to the right place when I walked down a bleak Fishtown alley. Actually walked passed the place and broke my neck to see the sign on the door. Had a 45 minute wait on a Sunday with no reservation, so can't complain. Went to the bar up the street for what ended up being a 30 minute wait. I immediately enjoyed the ambiance in the place, and was greeted by friendly hostesses at the front. Had the special pizza of the day, which was this corn based stuff and some veggies that I can't remember ever eating on a pizza, but it was fantastic. I just really needed some meat on it, but my lady doesn't do meat. Pretty chic spot and cool people. Will be back, with my side chick who actually does eat meat.First time here and it was a wonderful end to the night. We got the anchovies as an appetizer - this was the only thing that was overpriced ($14 for 5 pieces).
The pizzas were worth the wait and cost, in my opinion. The white pizza we got had Royer mountain cheese, garlic, veggies, and some kind of cream. I had multiple slices of this.  
The angry pizza was also excellent - angry sauce is basically a spicy pizza sauce and completely worth your time if you can have spicy food. I loved it. On this particular pizza, I had to take off the jalapeño though to make it to my liking. 
Would go back if I was in the area and definitely recommend to anyone - very roomy and chill atmosphere in Fishtown.Best pizza in Philly hands down. The hype is real my friends, Pizzeria Beddia is outstanding.Disclaimer: it is pricey for pizza, but you're paying for the experience here, what had been dubbed the best pizza in the country.
It's a cool vibe, with the cloud light above the bar, sleek and clean look, and you can see them making your pizza in the kitchen! I would definitely make a reservation, as we made one for 4 people about 2 months out. They let us know the wait for pizza to come out would be long, so definitely start with some apps. It didn't take as long as they said at all! Everything came so quickly and was so delicious. We started with the red cat cheese which came with delicious focaccia. We also had the roasted vegetables with Caesar.
As it was the end of the summer, we did the seasonal white pizza with corn and tomatoes and the traditional pizza. It was delicious! I loved that it was a little crispy. As for the plain pizza, Each bite was the perfect mix of cheese, tomato sauce, and crisp. 
We ended the night with soft serve- both sweet cream and espresso. It was just the cherry on top to an amazing dining experience.tl;dr the hotly-anticipated revival of Joe Beddia's nationally acclaimed pizzeria, featuring a full-course menu and wine on tap 
The original, 40-pies-per-night Pizzeria Beddia was touted by Bon Appetit Magazine as the best pizza in America back in 2015. As its reputation grew, so did the lines, and so did the fanatical obsession with his pies. But, to everyone's surprise, the original location unexpectedly closed last year, as Joe Beddia decided to take the next step -- he upgraded his two-man operation to a full-service establishment.
The new spot is lofty and spacious, complete with two dedicated dining rooms, a full horse-shoe bar, and a patio for both the queue and outside dining. The minimalistic Icelandic aesthetic is exemplified by the white walls with softly curving entrances and the steeply vaulted ceilings, and the exposed beams are crafted from the same light wood as the benches and tables.
During my last visit, I had to make my reservation 2 months in advance -- for a weekday evening. Over those two months, the frenzy surrounding Pizzeria Beddia seems to have died down quite a bit so, combined with 60% of the space being reserved for walk-ins, I think it's safe to show up reservation-less early afternoon to snag a table.
My partner and I decided to split the Tomato Pie, the Roasted Vegetable Caesar, and the "Angry" Pizza Arabica. The tomato pie, probably the star of our meal (which says a lot, because it was all great), consisted of a thick, pillowy crust, decorated with a fresh red sauce and Italian spices, then doused with olive oil. The assortment of bitter, crunchy vegetables were served cold, countered sharply by a tangy, savory, and strongly anchovy Caesar dressing. Finally, the angry pizza combined the sweet tomato pie with over-the-top chili spice. Be warned -- while I enjoyed the culmination of all the fresh flavors, my partner found the heat to be overwhelming. For safer options, I've found the plain pie and the anchovy pie to also be winners.
$45 for an amazing deal for two? Sounds like a no-brainer to me. While naysayers claim that Pizzeria Beddia 2.0 doesn't live up to the hype, it would be a crime to diminish what Beddia has created. The appetizers are just as much a focal point of the restaurant as the pizza, yet the pies continue to be the best I have tried in Philly. If you're living under a rock and still haven't given Pizzeria Beddia a try, then what on Earth are you waiting for? Go!A few months ago, I went to Beddia again with a friend of mine.  Amazingly, we actually got served!  Yay!  We ordered 1 cheese pizza, which came out burnt.  Looking around, most of the pizzas on neighboring tables had the cheese burnt.   The pizza was good, but not earth-shattering.  Total cost for 1 pizza, 1 can of beer, 1 mexican coke and 2 small soft-serve ice creams was about $45, before tip!
There are *much* better pizza places in Philly.   Beddia is not even in my top 20.   I have no idea what all the hype is about.