With a pizza museum, little baby's ice cream next door, and some pretty creative pizza names this place is in a league of it's own.  The FORBES WAGGENSENSEN is probably my favorite with the GRANNY DIVJACK coming in at a close second. The pepperoni they use on the FORBES WAGGENSENSEN is awesome. I have been back for more already and will continue to make some trips up to Fishtown to visit Pizza Brain.  If you are a Philadelphian and you haven't been here, you need to get there soon.This is easily my latest favorite pizza in the entire city and I hope it stays that way. I've had slices of their Jane (plain) and Forbes Waggensense (pepperoni) several times plus a few others.
Each and every single time I've been in there, I've been greeted by enthusiastic and happy silly pizza people. One time I brought a group up on a walk up from Barcade that was completely underestimated. We ended up walking in right before closing and were happily greeted. They fired up the oven and were way too accommodating especially with how so many of us rolled up so late in their evening.
I crave their pizza constantly and always look forward to when I can make it up there. I'm also not a huge ice cream person but the fact that Little Baby's is next door is definitely changing that. I only wish that between the two of them they had more seating because it definitely gets crowded in there some nights. Here's to hoping for a second location.Pizza Brain is a fun spot to stop in for a slice. The staff is friendly, the pizza is very good, the decor is entertaining with all its memorabilia and fun facts. I enjoyed the BBQ chicken slices, and am looking forward to trying some of the other offerings.As a first time customer I was really impressed with the food, service, and ambience. Loved all the little details in the decor and was thrilled with the menu choices! Amazing pizza and so great that there are vegan options. And loved that it was connected to an ice cream shop!Pizza Brain never disappoints, that's why they deserve every star in this rating. Since I don't live in the neighborhood, I use any excuse to be above Spring Garden to visit this place. The classic options (plain, pepperoni, etc.) are so flavorful and great but you can also feel comfortable trying something completely different. 
I have had the General Tso's which is pretty self-explanatory and a full meal on your pizza and recently tried the Bob Shieldsmoose. I was pretty nervous about this one - I thought the blue cheese, house roasted beef brisket, garlic, horseradish, black pepper, mozzarella, fresh rosemary might be a bit much - but it was so so so good. It's pies like that that convince you these people are serious about food.
The pizza alone would warrant a great review, but it would be wrong not to mention the staff and atmosphere. People are really friendly and actually seem like they're having a good time behind the counter. That attitude is infectious.Besides being one of the coolest, most low-key places I've been to in Philly, the pizza is superb! I had the Lucy Waggle and it was flawless. I took it home and they put the arugula in a separate container so it didn't wilt; which I really appreciated. I had the pizza a while after getting it and it was still delicious and super fresh. I cannot wait to go back and try some more pies!Much has been said about Pizza Brain, but go and try it already.  Good crust and ingredients make for some tasty pies.  The prices are on the high side, but like everything in life, you get what you pay for.There is a lot to like about Pizza Brain.  Based on the earlier comments I considered giving a lower score just to see if I too would get a response from the owner.  I understand the impact of social media but you have to take the good with the bad.  Without negative reviews, yelp would be of no use to people like me.  I doubt the owners were complaining when philly mag was singing their praises orpromoting them on foobooz.  If, after this review anyone would like more insight from me, just ask.  If you don't care what I think, no hard feelings.
Anyways, on to the food which is the important part.  We came, in part, because we need dairy free options and heard they do a vegan pizza.  I therefore cannot speak to their cheese pizzas.  We ordered a red pizza with arugula and pepperoni.  It was very satisfying and we found the crust tasty.  Sauce was excellent and actually tasted better the next day cold coming out of the fridge (who doesn't love cold pizza).  The arugula was fresh and awesome and I would recommend it to anyone who wants something slightly different.  On the otherhand the pepperoni was nothing special and got lost in the mix.
As others have said this appears to be a hipster haunt but we are far from hipsters and found it quite friendly.  Plenty of other families present.  In fact one other family in the courtyard offered to share their table.  I love that type of community.  
My one complaint would be the beverage options but now I know (and I'm telling you) to byob.  Also remember to bring your cash as it is cash only.  Frankly.it would be better if they took levelup like the icecream shop next door.  The icecream is great too, but worthy of separate thought.
We'll be back and look forward to trying more options.This pizza is fabulous. Today, the owner was at the door, and oriented us to the joint. We have kids and entirely fail in the hipster department. We don't care, and neither does anybody at Pizza Brain. It's a bit of a drive for us, so I doubt we'll be able to make it often. Too bad.  If I lived anywhere nearby, I'd order pizza from this place every time. Not sure why all the negativity. The crust is superb, the char is a thing of beauty. The sauce has exquisite flavor and the cheeses were really good quality. The pepperoni is to die for. There really isn't anything bad to say about it.Aside from all the gimmicks: the crap on the walls, the supercilious toppings which are all a touch too salty, and the prices, Pizza Brain has down properly the one thing all other take out pizzas (including NYC) don't.  It is the right chew in the crust.  When you bite into the crust, the crackling exterior gives way to a soft, doughy middle, which should yield to your bite but keep a firm grip as you pull away.  It should feel like the center of the pizza is in a brief tug of war with your teeth.  That's pizza and Pizza Brain does it.The pizza here does not disappoint.  All of the ingrediants are super fresh and high quality.  I love that you get a variety of choices for different pies.  The red pie we had with pepperoni was super yummy.  The staff was very friendly and made you feel at home.  
Take note this is a cash only establishment.AMAZING PIZZA! This is how pizza should look and taste. It's huge. It's homemade (no canned sauce, no frozen pizza shells, etc.). You can buy some pies by the slice, but most are a whole pie. It's not super cheap, but you're paying for quality. 
They do share space with the best ice cream place in Philly, as well.Pros: 
BYOB Seating
Friendly hipsters work there, as opposed to unfriendly hipsters
Good pizza toppings like arugula
Pizzas are not greasy
Cons:
Pizza bread lacks the elasticity that makes a good pie. It feels like regular bread, not pizza. And it's too dry, reminded me of cardboard
Pizza sauce is thick and tastes like it came directly out of a cheap can
I guess the key is to stay away from their normal 'Jane' pie and get one with fancy toppings.OK, gave them another shot and after hearing my tale of woes from previous attempts, the staff was amazingly apologetic and wanted to do anything to ensure i experienced their awesome pizza.  And yes, the pizza itself is fabulous.  Fresh ingredients, innovative combinations, but my favorite part and frankly the way I judge pizza is on the crust - crispy, wood-fired flavor, yet soft and chewy on the inside.  Great selection of red and white pies.  Although a little pricey, if you're looking for more than just a cheese or pepperoni pizza I recommend Pizza Brain.  And I gotta say, the staff really is fantastic - looking forward to supporting this neighborhood small biz many times in the future!If I could give a 3.5 star review, I would be happy. But that isn't an option, so I'll round up.
To be frank, I'm not sure what I was expected, but this wasn't it. I was visiting Philly and found myself googling "free things to do" and came across a "Pizza Museum" -- which, oh myyy, sounds like the place dreams are made of. I planned a whole day of exploring Fishtown around coming here for lunch. As soon as I walked in, I felt duped. This place is TINY, even taking into account the "other room" which has more seating and a DELICIOUS ice cream parlor. So, museum is a loose term here. It's more like there's pizza-ish things plastered on the walls. Which is kinda like a TGIFridays if you think about it..? ANYWAY.
Once inside, the menu looked so good and it was hard to decide. The person behind the counter asked if we needed help, we said no, continued to gaze. Maybe she heard a "yes"? I'm not sure, but she begins to explain to us things about pizza that made it seem like she thought we were aliens who had never heard of this thing called pizza before. She literally told us white pizza doesn't have red sauce.................. and explained that a slice wasn't entire pizza, but.. wait for it, a slice.
ANYWAY. We ordered a white pizza and found a seat in the side room area, away from Pizza Lady. Now, that room has a really cool wall of decor that goes to the ceiling. We waited a normal amount of time for our gourmet pizza and here's the reason I'm rounding up: it was so, so, so divine. (But there wasn't red sauce, so what the...) I'd say the price was a little much, but what do I know about pizza prices in Philly. It was like $26ish and the two of us devoured it. The crust was amazingly crispy and perfect.
So, in closing: go for the pizza because it's good, but maybe know what you want beforehand, unless you are into pizza lectures.Went to pizza brain with my girlfriend and some friends on opening night. The line was insane but the entertainment was fun. The museum concept is really unique and I'm looking forward to looking around when there's actually room to move.
As for the pizza, I had the Jane and it was pretty good. At $3.50 a slice, though, it's pricey for what it is. I think the menu said a full pie is in the $16-18 range which will, unfortunately, lump Pizza Brain into my fancy pants pizza category. Hard to pay that much for a pie when I can get one of the BEST pizza's ever from Franco's for $15, including a tip for the delivery guy.
That being said, I'm happy Pizza Brain is in the neighborhood and I will certainly be back to try it again, especially with Little Baby's next door!Amazing.  Hipsters make good pizza. And the vibe is nice inside as well. There's an ice cream place next door by the same owners.  It's fresh it's delicious and its creative.Years back, a pizza loving friend from Michigan asked if I had ever been to Pizza Brain, and it's been on my radar ever since. Now as a Fairmount resident, I sometimes feel that it would be easier to get from Fairmount to Michigan than it would to get from Fairmount to Fishtown; after two failed attempts to eat at Pizza Brain in the past few years, Friday night was finally my time to shine. 
There were 13 different pies available at the time of my visit, with two of those pies available as slices. Now that doesn't sound too daunting of a choice, but trust me, it was. I was almost giddy when they said we could get half pies. My foursome was able to pick four varieties of pizza in the form of two pies, plus we got the two slice options. They asked us if we'd like the slices split into pieces. Absolutely! Great idea. We were able to sample almost half the menu while still ordering a reasonable amount of pizza for four. 
The pizza itself was solid. I felt it was somewhere between a traditional pizza shop and gourmet. The toppings were gourmet for sure, but the crust was thicker and doughier than some of thin crust gourmets in the area. I think that combo of crust and toppings is what makes Pizza Brain stand out. Well that and the inventive, smarty-pants names. We had the Wendy Wedgeworth (red pie, mozzarella, sun-dried tomato, arugula, honey goat cheese), Kira Tierston (red pie, mozzarella, smoked bacon, hint of brown sugar, red onion, oven-roasted brussels sprout), Henrietta Blanch (red pie, mozzarella, aged provolone, grana padano, banana pepper, basil, roasted red pepper, fiorella's sausage) and Queenie Delouche (white pie, fontina, goat cheese, mozzarella, shiitake, portabella, garlic, rosemary) split into two pies. We had slices of the Leonard Bookman (white pie, mozzarella, fontina, ricotta, black pepper, garlic, fresh oregano and Jane (red pie, mozzarella, aged provolone, grana padano, fresh basil).
It's a BYOB and there's room to sit next door in Little Baby's. That's the perfect transition into dessert and reason to grab a box for leftovers. Between the four of us, we still left a total of 6 leftover slices. Mine reheated nicely the next day. 
My only slight was the quality of the plastic-ware. The forks and knives were so flimsy that they really couldn't cut through the crust. I'd personally rather cut my pizza, so I definitely struggled a bit. The napkins were a little thin too, resulting in us using a lot of them. 
I'm so glad I finally got to try the elusive Pizza Brain. I can't promise I'll visit them too often, but with their newest pizza project (name still TBD) coming to Brewerytown, I will get to my fix.Cool place! So cool inside love the memorabilia! The only bad thing about this place is the price! 3.50 for a small slice? Come on!  It's good but I'd rather walk up two blocks and pay two bucks for something way bigger and tastier. Tourists attraction and hipster place not a neighborhood pizza joint!There are very few pizza places in the Fishtown/Northern Liberties area. I have heard many good things about this place for a year before I actually made it over to try what everyone has been raving about. I definitely was not disappointed. They serve pizza from the slice, with Large New York style cuts of pizza. I had a slice of the Forbes Waggonese & The Leomard Bookman. Both slices were delicious and the quality of ingredients were like a burst of flavor in my mouth. The ambiance was what you usually expect with a Fishtown eatery. Very hipster , which of course isn't a bad thing. Everyone there was very friendly and suggested different artisanal sodas to pair with my slices. If you want an excellent slice of pizza in Philly, you should definitely make a stop here!My daughter took one bite and walked away and then kneeled. I asked her what that was all about and she said the pizza was sooo good it made her do that. I have never seen my child do anything like this before in my life, so I took a slice to see if she was bullshitting... she wasn't!! This pizza was pretty damn good if I must say so myself. When I ordered I wanted 3 slices and the woman at the counter said it would be better to order a whole pie because of the cost. I did just that and really happy that I did. Until we meet again  , until we meet again (which by the way will be in the near future)!!!LOVE LOVE LOVE. incredible pizza made by serious pizza fanatics who love what they do. the owner was suuuuper friendly. i love supporting new fishtown businesses. just one thing though....can u guys be a little less pretentious about not having any hot pepper flakes or garlic power or any of the other stuff ppl expect? i respect that u dont bc u made EXCEPTIONAL pizza, but i felt a lil weird about how the staff reacted when i asked for it - like it was so taboo to ask. i will be back with bells on however!A little more pricey than your typical pizza joint but totally worth it. It's delicious and made with real ingredients.Nothing about my order here went well. I ordered a single pizza (Forbes)for delivery and was quoted 30 minutes. After an hour I called and the receptionist told me it should be there very shortly. It didn't actually show up until almost an hour and 15 minutes after I placed the order. When I got the pizza the top of the box was smashed it and had been stuck to the pizza. Even the remaining slices were sparse on the toppings, especially cheese, and had small patches that were just crust. It tasted at best like a cheap pepperoni slice for a corner store.. not the fancy pizza I ordered. If I'm paying $21 for a pizza I expect it to hearty. Not pleased at all.Amazing pizza along with an excellent staff. Very friendly and welcoming atmosphere! Would recommend to anyone in the area looking for great pizza!The pizza here is a little expensive but pretty damn good. Nice to be able to support locally owned businesses!tasty but way too expensive. Can get cheaper and tastier pizza for less $$ other places in FishtownThis place is like the Willy Wonka Factory of Pizza.  The museum part is amazing, so much nostalgia on the walls.  So far I've tried the Pepperoni, Brisket, and Margherita pies, and guess what THEY WERE ALL AWESOME!
Can't wait to go back.The pizza never disappoints, the staff is knowledgeable and you can get a pint of Little Baby's Ice Cream to go.   What more can you ask for?Searching for a replacement for our beloved Joey's Stone-Fired Pizza on South that closed down recently (I was rudely made aware of this while tipsy on Halloween and may or may not have had a somewhat out of place emotional reaction), the man and I decided to treat ourselves and the kiddos to Pizza Brain - I had heard it was also a "Pizza Museum" and that they had great pizza, which was the most important thing. We had the Forbes - and I have to say, the pizza WAS excellent. However, with four of us we could have done well to get another pizza, but $20 a pizza  (and having to purchase $3/pp glass bottled sodas for lack of a fountain) - you're getting a little expensive for a family lunch out during errands. The decor is pretty neat, it's hilarious how horribly unappetizing the 80's and 90's managed to make pizza look (seriously, some of the pizza on those old posters look absolutely rancid. Oh 80s.)
Seating for more than 2 people a bit awkward. Will definitely come here again, but maybe sans kiddos. Definitely a cool spot, and the pizza does not disappoint.What I love about Pizza Brain: whimsical, hip, child-like attitude and atmosphere. Unique pizza ingredients and combinations. That it's adjacent to Little Baby's Ice Cream. They sell Mexican Coca-Cola in glass bottles. Pizza isn't terrible.
What I don't like about Pizza Brain: it takes about 20 minutes to get a *slice* heated up to eat in-store. Pizza is mysteriously, always, still cold. Pizza is usually greasy. No additional condiments are provided for enhancement of pizza -- no garlic salt, no red pepper flakes. Nothing. This, in a pizza place billing itself as the quintessential shrine to pizza. Oh, and I almost forgot to mention that a pie will run you $22-32 depending on what kind you get (!)
Overall, I think that there is more emphasis placed on kitsch here -- with the superfluous "pizza museum" and all -- than there is on the quality of the actual pizza. This place is kind of a fun novelty but doesn't hold up as a reliable source of good food. The service is really the issue here; this is probably due to the fact that the place is staffed by tragically hip 20-somethings too busy talking about their next ironic tattoo to be bothered with menial work (but welcome to Fishtown). 
The aforementioned pizza museum is nothing to see, either. It's really just a scattered collection of comic books, album covers and plastic figurines that depict or mention the word 'pizza.' These objects do nothing to improve the experience of eating at Pizza Brain. Limited seating, too.
I will say, however, that there is a very sweet cat named Forbes who lives on the sidewalk in front of this place, and I'm glad that the employees help to keep him alive by feeding him pizza.In addition to an already long wait time, my order was late. Usually that's not a big deal but I ordered two personal pizzas and received one. It gets worse. There was NO cheese on the pizza. I repeat NO cheese. Last but not least when called they didn't make it right.tried the Kira Tierston.  it was good but not amazing.  fresh, thin crust and little light, not a heavy substantial/filling pie.  toppings were decent but the bacon was lost.  until i pulled a few pieces off and ate it seperately, i couldn't taste it.  they need to make the bacon pieces much larger.  overall good pizza but i was expecting better..So I came for a pizza and ended up getting a haircut on the side walk...then there was a fb flash mob and I'd say at least 1000 people were there for the opening night. Point is the pizza was good and it had better be at 3.50 a slice;-)The staff is extremely friendly and helpful.  This was the first time visiting the restaurant and the staff was extremely helpful.
The pizza is amazing!  Had the Leonard Bookman pizza with spinach and it was absolutely delicious.  The toppings were extremely fresh and high quality.  Typical street pizza consists of a heavy orange grease (indicating cheaper ingredients-mozzarella cheese for instance), but there was almost no visible grease on Pizza Brain's pie.  Extremely delicous pizza!awesome place!!! The pizza itself deserves 5 stars; as does the memorabilia and even the ambiance...I could sit in there all day and be distracted by the walls and the people.  But the price is a little steep...I just dont understand why it has to be so pricey and why I cant get a large 18" pizza for 10-15$ and be able to pay for it on my credit card.  Unfortunately my boyfriend and I were actually craving us some pizza brain tonight and had no cash at hand....we had to choose another place just because of this reason (and also maybe a small deterrent of having to pay a solid 24$ for a 16" pizza).  Either way....DELICIOUS pizza (and that should mean a lot coming from a New Yorker)I went in today and was served by the two nicest guys.  The pizza was great but those two guys really deserve raises, they went above and beyond to make my experience special.We ordered the Lucy Waggle for the first time. Not as good as their other pies. The prosciutto was too thick and salty. It dominated the other flavors. Makes me wonder if it was truly prosciutto. The dough was also lacking flavor. Maybe just an off night for a good pizza place.I waited years to come here. When someone tells me they have a "Pizza Museum" I wasn't expecting much. Maybe a hallway that leads to the bathroom. But not the corner of the pizza joint. Huge TMNT fan over here, grew up in the 90's, and their turtle selection was weak. All they ate was pizza. Plenty of opportunity there. 
Anyway, the pizza was solid. I wouldn't make the commute for it again, but it is a unique spot. See what you think.I first heard of Pizza Brain over a year ago when Brian Dwyer received the Guinness record for his pizza memorabilia collection. Once the pizzeria and museum opened last week, I knew this would be a place that I had to check out. At first I was hesitant; I worried that I would enter a room with a collection of pizza memorabilia with a generic pizzeria attached. But I loved the place. All of the pizzas are stellar and the museum is an impressive work in progress. The ingredients are fresh, the recipes range from standard to imaginatively unique, and the staff is very friendly and accommodating. The restaurant is still in its infancy, but I certainly expect Pizza Brain to be a notable landmark in Philadelphia for pizza lovers everywhere..I have no idea why people wax poetic over this pizza joint!  I went with a friend yesterday, we each had a slice, and both of us were unimpressed. She had the Jane, which looked fine (nice fresh basil leaves on top), I had a special with brussel sprouts and bacon (looked more like prosciutto). Crust was fine. Sauce was kind of tasteless. Both of our slices needed salt (and there was none on the table). Honestly, I'm glad I tried it out, but won't be going back anytime soon. There has *got* to be better pizza in Philly!meh.
The ice cream next door was a BETTER find.
Sometimes I wish you could put a 'HIPSTER' into a time portal machine and allow themselves to hop into the future, then see themselves in the past......... (think about it), kinda douchy dude at counter, long winded, boring (altho he is unaware he's boring).  more importantly pizza was 'ok', sat a little too long, interior is great, preferred it to the food.Thoroughly delightful Saturday evening here. Pizza was super tasty, came out piping hot.  Different favors, delicious crust, relaxed atmosphere.  I'll definitely be back!BEST PIZZA IN PHILADELPHIA! I go to the place at least twice a month and I live on the other side of the city. Anytime I have friends out of time we make a trip to pizza brain and enjoy the pizza and the Museum!They use a lot of fresh ingredients, I even watched as the one person there picked basil leaves while we waited.  The food is definitely top notch and there's a lot of variety with the only downside of it taking a bit long and being pricey. The wait can be annoying at time, especially on a busy night when it can take quite awhile, but that just gives you time to check out Little Baby's right next door while your pizza gets made.Pizza is 4 star, attitude of workers is 0 star. Wouldn't sell slices because it was crowded. "We are selling slices but I'm trying to sell pies because everyone is buying slices." Um, what? Aren't you trying to make more money by selling slices?? I won't be back. I've had the pizza before at people's houses but will not spend my own money on it.How can you not give Pizza Brain 5 stars? They have been written up for Philly's best pizza for multiple years and for good reason. This is some of my favorite Za. Honestly, if you go here I would say try one of their unique flavors. You can get plain or pepperoni pizza anywhere, but these guys do AWESOME flavor combos. And grab little baby's ice cream when you're done!Great new addition to the 'hood.  I went during a special that included slices topped with local mushrooms and fingerlings and that slice was OFF THE HOOK.  Been back a few times since and have had good slices - but none that live up to the memory of that mushroom and potato, a combination I would never have thought I would like - but now can't stop thinking about.It may be a bit pricy but I have a killer weakness for the Wendy Wedgeworth.  I always unvegetarianize it with bacon...and sometimes extra bacon and get a side of the oil and balsamic, though I wish it was just straight balsamic.  Great flavor and decent crust 2 blocks away. Win.I have been excited about Pizza Brain for MONTHS!!! And alarmingly, the experience and the quality of the pizza FAR exceeded my expectations. 
Brian gave us two slices to try before we even ordered to keep the slices in rotation. He made awesome recommendations and was super friendly. We tried the Jane pizza, which had a delicious selection of flavorful cheeses, fresh basil and tangy tomato sauce. The crust was AMAZING??  BEST CRUST EVER?? Charred and crispy and had a fermenty dough-y taste. 
We also tried the seasonal pie with sweet potato, honey goat cheese, and pumpkin pie spice. I was afraid it would be too sweet but it was delicious and savory and complex and had pools of butter or something on top??? I have no idea. But it was alarmingly delicious. we sat on the floor and crammed pizza slices into our mouths like gluttons. 
Also the pizzas were very hot, and the wait didn't even seem excruciating because we could eat ice cream appetizers and look at pizza trinkets while our pizza was cooking. 
I was initially more excited about the quirky museum part than the pizza restaurant part of Pizza Brain... But now I can say the actual pizza is WAY worth the trip.Gotta go here if you come to Philly. I dream one day they name a pizza after me a girl who visits from California when ever possible  :) ice cream and pizza so good!!It's a cool pizza shop with a tribute to TMNT! They sell by slice and by pizza which is always a plus. We got their jane pizza and the Buffy pizza. Jane is your typical cheese pizza but better. The Buffy is a Buffalo chicken pizza. Their pizza is a thin thin crust with what I think is a coat of corn meal on the bottom, which makes it very crispy. Seating is limited because they share a space with the ice cream shop next door. Overall, this place has good pizza and I would come here again.What happened Pizza Brain!? You used to be so amazing :( Got 3 pizzas today and literally only 1 was what we actually ordered. The guy at the counter actually said "I was gonna call you and tell you we were out of xxx but didn't." $70 on three pies and I at least want what I ordered or a call with a heads up.The pizza was really just okay. I guess I expected to have my taste buds blown because of all the hype, but it didn't happen. I much prefer Nomad's pizza or Stella's. I probably wouldn't make the trek back to Fishtown for this pizza again. The decor is pretty unique, and it's nice to have a Little Baby's ice cream shop right there, but otherwise...meh.They sell pizzas by the slice : plain,sausage, and white pizza. I liked the sausage and white. The plain (jane) was just all right. The memorabilia was amazing. Its kind of a mini timeline of pizza in media. Really nostalgic.  Friendly owner too. They also have babys ice cream attached to the store.I came here with my friend's family, one of whom is a pizza connoisseur and enlightened us on the details of an ideal slice - the perfect crust color to cheese/sauce ratio. With this in mind, we ordered a white slice and a traditional pie. The pizza was surely delicious, in accordance to the ideal slice requirements. I love the hipster/pizza shop atmosphere; it works well together. Not to mention the really enthusiastic and creatively tattooed workers add to the youthful vibe of the restaurant and the area.One of the best pizzas I've ever had. I love the pizza memorabilia, the staff and the overall vibe. 
To me the true measure of a pizza shop is their plain cheese pizza.
The "Jane" pizza at Pizza Brain is one of the best plain cheese pizzas I've ever had. The sauce is a perfect balance of acid, salt and sweet. The cheeses they use perfectly compliment the sauce. The crust is thin, crispy, but with a little chew.   
In addition, they have 10+ other excellently curated rotating pies to choose from, a craft soda selection, and great music. 
All these things make Pizza Brain both a great neighborhood spot and a required destination for pizza lovers.Great Pizza. Great people. I gots me a group hug when I checked in. Afterwards we went to the ice cream parlor next door for great ice cream.Yes, the pizza is excellent here. I only order for take out though, because I never know where the hell to stand when I am in there. Some of the more bearded guys have enough self-confidence (or lack of self-awareness) to just eat wherever they stand.  It's always packed, and I guess you can eat in there and BYOB, but it seems like more trouble than it's worth to plant half a cheek on a stool.  Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle memorabilia notwithstanding.
In any event, the pizza tastes great, but yes, it's 20 dollars for a pizza. (or $22 if you want bacon on the Bernie Templeton.)
Macklemore should write a song about it.
- Billy BluewaterI'm a Pizza Fiend. I love it. I live for it. When I heard about this Pizza Museum, I immediately bookmarked it and waited patiently for my opportunity. Gotta say: it was not really worth all the build-up in my head, and maybe that's my own fault.
I was SO hype on trying this place. It's a very small little store front with enough seating for maybe 10 people. There were only two men working, and they were pleasant enough though maybe not the most hospitable. They had that Fishtown Hipster "I'm too cool and I work at a pizza shop" air about them. Their pies average about $23, and their slices are $4, with different slices available depending on when you pop in. They have some craft glass-bottled sodas for purchase and free spigot for your H2O needs. 
I ordered two slices: the Jane and the Buffy Ernst. This was my first mistake. The slices are MASSIVE. I didn't have a clue just how big these pieces of pizza were. The Jane is their take on a classic cheese with fresh basil leaves, and the Buffy Ernest is a buffalo chicken pizza topped with blue cheese, chicken, onions and a homemade buffalo sauce. The pizza is a super thin crunchy crust (It actually cut the corners of my mouth!). It was very hot when it was served - I burned my tongue because I was too impatient. 
Taste was good, but not mind-blowing. I guess I was just super excited about the museum part and assumed the pizza would change my life. The Buffy was super greasy but had a good amount of spice. It was interesting, but I don't think I'd order it again. The Jane was just cheese slice. I did like the fresh basil leaves, but there was hardly any sauce, and it was just an average, though very large, cheese. Not stretchy or melty. Just "meh."
The best part of this shop is the pizza memorabilia. Lots of nostalgic pizza-themed toys, menus, movies, and posters. It was cool to see and read the "exhibits." There's no shortage of interesting things to see.  However, if you take away all the nick-knacks and toys, it's just your average pizza shop - except I prefer my hometown slice over this any day.I liked it. Pizza crust was really good. Sauce was flavorful.  The cheese may have been a little greasy, but I don't mind it.  Service was good.  Good selection of bottled soda.Thumbs way up for the strangeness that is the federal donuts pizza!I went to pizza Brain with about 6 of my friends because I noticed it as one of the better pizza places in fish town and boy was yelp right!! Pizza Brain was absolutely delicious, we got two large pizzas which was around $40. I thought it was a little pricey at first but thought it was the best pizza I have had in Philadelphia in a long time. The pizza was thin crust, the sauce was delicious and the different pizza combinations were so cool. We got one pizza with peppers and sausage which was amazing and we also got a regular cheese pie. Enjoyed both!! My friends loved it as well! Definitely am going back to try their other pizzas!First time ordering from here. I was really excited after hearing good things. Delivery took an hour and a half and pizza arrived cold. Had to heat up in oven. The service makes it not worth the wait.Pizza  brain is by far The best pizza I ever had! I went to their opening night on a first Friday and it was phenomenal! The passion everyone of the owners has for pizza is incredible. It also has a great atmosphere. The pizza memorabilia is fun to look at and gives you something to do while you're waiting in line or waiting for your slice to heat up. Also the staff are very nice and love to make you feel as welcome as possible. I recommend this place to everyone!!I just moved into the area and missing NY pizza like crazy. I have only ordered from this place for delivery twice and both times had a great experience! Fast delivery, the delivery people are just so friendly, fairly priced, and the pizza was DELICIOUS! So far the JANE is my favorite, and possibly a top favorite pizza of all time for me. The sauce is the perfect sweetness, fresh basil, together it melts in your mouth. It is such a simple recipe (compared to their other more avant-garde pies) but they have perfected it! I find it similar to a grandma's pie + provolone. Pizza Brain FOREVER.I have to admit when I first heard about the "Museum of Pizza Culture" I thought to myself this place is gonna be all cheese and no meat if you know what I mean. And then I saw one of the owners; a towering red-headed goof named Brian "Brain" Dwyer (I bet you no one has ever actually called him Brain, either), I thought to myself that there is no way this joker has his slice together. Boy was I wrong. 
As it turns out what could've just been a pizzeria founded purely on the notion of ironic pizza paraphernalia and self-promoting parlor tricks with no palette for a great pie is actually deafening cacophony of sights and sounds and yes, folks... taste, GREAT TASTES! So many inventive flavors, infused with fresh ingredients and sense of humor and style. I've gone several times to the shop and I've tried the Jane (Cheese), Jobby Pines (Pesto, Pine Nuts, Chicken), Forbes Waggensense (Pepperoni), Felix Huppert (French Onion Soup), Lucy Waggle (Prosciutto, Dates, and Thyme), but the stand out might have been a new pie who's name I didn't catch. It was a white pie with sweet potatoes. Crust Almighty! Unique and complex. 
I think its safe to say that decor aside there is no pizza shop like this in the entire city, but even more importantly there is no Pizza like this in the entire city, there might not even be pizza like this on the entire eastern seaboard. Pizza Brain just might be the king of pies. Nay! The Wizard of Za's.Oh my, oh my, Pizza Brain Pie!  Second visit, even better than the first, but that's mostly because following the pizza we stepped next door to chase the pizza with Little Baby's ice cream..."Jane" - you're my fav pie!  So simple, so incredibly delicious.  So, you might have to wait a few minutes for your pie, but it's worth every moment.  Spend them looking around at the pizza memorabilia on the walls, in the floor (yep), around the corner at Little Baby's.  Napkins - you'll need napkins, because you're going to want to pick up those hot slices and devour them, risking the heat of the oven for that first yummy bite.  Visiting Philly?  Put Pizza Brain on your list, come on!I don't often give a review for a place unless I've loved it or I've had an agonizing experience. 
I have ordered from Pizza Brain in the past and their pizza is rather delicious. However, I will never order from Pizza Brain again due to a horrendous experience I had last Friday. 
I placed an order for a pizza around 4pm with a 45 minute timeframe for delivery, and I don't live too far away from Pizza Brain to begin with. Around 5:30 I give a call inquiring about my pizza, and am told that the delivery guy is out doing his rounds. I call again around 6pm to figure out that they never put my pizza delivery through the system. I am already frustrated at this point, but I really would like a pizza so ask them to put it back through the system. Around 7pm I call again wondering where the hell my pizza is, 3 hours after my original order. It seems they took down my number wrong, so my pizza again is not delivered on time. I never get pissed off but after three hours waiting for a single pizza, i'm fuming, but don't take it out on the employee. He informs me to email his manager about the situation so it can be rectified via complimentary pizza next time I order. Never received an email back. Never ordering from here again.Just had my first experience at Pizza Brain.  The atmosphere is awesome and the pizza was even better.  I love how creative the pizza's are on the menu.  It reminds me of Otto's, which is a probably the best artisan pizza joint in Boston, except I think this is BETTER.
Definitely going back, and pumped to have this place in the neighborhood!Just stopped by with my wife last night and ordered the Forbes Waggensense (pepperoni). It was PACKED! (Friday night), but our pizza still came out  fast (bout 15 minute wait) which was pretty impressive considering the massive throngs of hungry customers they were navigating. We ate it at home, and I must say it was the best pepperoni pie I've had in my life. Favorite part: the sauce. I always get bummed out when parlors under-sauce their pies. This was certainly not the case with my Forbes. Just the right amount of fresh, crisp, garlicky tomato goodness to cut the saltiness from the pepperonis and pull the other ingredients into balance. We ordered a large pizza, and between the two of us, we could only eat half. I just had a slice cold for breakfast and it was just as satisfying... so much so that I thought it worthy of updating my review to sing its praises. I'm already looking forward to lunch. Well played, pizza men.Had the Jane and Queenie Delouche...both were amazing!  Can not wait to go back for more!I've had several pizzas from Pizza Brain and each one has been fantastic. Truly one of the absolute best places to get pizza. I recommend the FORBES WAGGENSENSE (pepperoni) or the HENRIETTA BLANCH (sausage) pizzas. Heck... I recommend ALL the pizzas. Pricey, but worth every penny.Takes your weekly pizza night and makes it a pizza experience. I love Pizza Brain! While you wait for your pie or slice view all the pizza memorabilia- the collection is quite impressive! 
The staff are friendly, quirky and enthusiastic. The pizza menu is excellent, with an array of unique and interesting (and delicious) toppings. My favorite "traditional" pies  are the Forbes Waggensense or Wendy Wedgeworth. Our other fav "white" pie is Lucy Waggle but we've tried them all and have never been disappointed.
Eat in or take out the quality of pie is top notch. Location is convenient and not too hard to find street parking for those who live further than walking distance. 
Dining room can seat groups or families, but can be crowded during peak hours. 
Added bonus is Little Baby's gourmet ice cream next door!I've been hearing about Pizza Brain for a month or two now.  First thoughts -- pizza museum?  That's interesting.  Then I checked them out online and learned that they are a pizza museum that makes pizza (!?)  I finally had a chance to grab a slice there last night and now I know that they are a pizza museum of sorts that makes amazing pizza.  My boyfriend and I shared a slice of their Jane pizza (a really flavorful four cheese blend, tomato sauce, garnished with some flavorful fresh basil) and a really nice white pizza with dabs of ricotta and sprigs of fresh thyme on top.  I loved that the slices were served on classic white paper plates.  This pizza was good -- honestly, some of the best I've had in my life.  I want to know the back story behind Pizza Brain -- where did they come up with these recipes and ingredients?  There must be love and admiration baked in as well -- this pizza was so flavorful and balanced. It helps that it is always fresh out of the oven with such a demand (and not a fancy brick oven or coal oven).   We sat there for awhile chatting and admiring the pizza showpieces.  And then the BF went back for a second slice of Jane.  I really do want to try some of their fancy whole pizza pies when I am next in town -- I do wish they would serve two sizes up.  I hate just committing to one large.  It does seem like they vary the flavors of slices on offer.
Minuses -- yes, there area a few even in pizza paradise.  It does look like price has come down a bit.  Slices of Jane pizza are now $3.00 with a whole pie going for $15.  Other pies are $22 and some of the fancier slices are $3.50.  But I've lived in NYC and DC most recently, so I know expensive pizza and this is still under those prices by far.  I don't live in fishtown so I wish there was a bit more in the way of seating -- maybe some little tables in the big antechamber before Little Baby's (which is such a great way to conclude your pizza meal...and thank god I don't live in Philadelphia more or else I would have to redouble gym efforts to counteract pizza and ice cream excursions).  It is a bit awkward to eat more than a slice sitting on a folding chair.  When is the beer coming?  Philly is such a great beer city and with great pizza there should be beer.  Finally, the memorabilia was fun -- I hope it changes up occasionally to keep things interesting although it is very artfully arranged now.  All in all, definitely stop in for a slice soon.I want to love this place, but my husband and I have had inconsistency with our orders.  I don't think the pizza is the best I've ever had, but I like the creative combinations of ingredients.  However, when hubby ordered daiya (2 slice minimum requirement), there was barely even a sprinkle of the vegan cheese on it.  However, the previous time he ordered it, there was more.I LOVED LOVED LOVED PIZZA BRAIN!  I have heard so many wonderful things and I was delighted by my first experience.  I ordered a pizza after a long night at work and thought I would give Pizza Brain a try.  When I went to pick-up the pizza, the staff were extremely friendly and made me feel right at home.  You don't go to many restaurants nowadays where people seem genuinely happy.  They take the time to talk with you and make it their business to know your name. 
When I got home, I opened that pizza box and it looked like pure heaven.  Just enough basil, pepperoni, and yummy cheese! The crisp of the pizza was amazing!
This will be my GO TO pizza place for now on! LOVED IT!  Kudos to the Pizza Brain staff for having such a warm and welcoming environment!! Smiles really are contagious!After having Pizza Brain bookmarked for way too long, I finally made a trip over. First impression- the location was very surprising. While it is located on Frankford Ave, don't assume that it is within walking distance from Frankford Hall and the other Fishtown/No Libs bars. Pizza Brain is really out there, and the only place worth visiting within a few blocks. Maybe they're hoping for a neighborhood revival? Secondly, there is limited seating. Although it appears to be first come, first served, the host informed us that the tables are given first preference to customers who order a whole pie. Makes sense, but definitely turned me off from returning to sit-in for a quick slice. The memo on this may have already gotten out, however, as I noticed most people were ordering to-go. As for the pizza itself, it was good, but I wasn't blown away. My expectations may have been too high,but I definitely thought it was overpriced. And if you only wanted a slice, the options were limited compared to the pie choices. Continuing with the pros, I also wanted to mention that the staff were super friendly and helpful. And a big plus for sharing space with Little Baby's. After-all, who doesn't love pizza & ice cream? I'll return for a slice the next time I'm craving some Little Baby's, but I won't be running back here.WE NEEDED PIZZA.
see, we had spent the day getting new tattoos and we were in very delicate places physically and emotionally and PIZZA was the only word we could say out loud to each other. 
we looked at the pizza brain menu on the way to pizza brain.
we saw a pizza listed with brussel sprouts.
we love brussel sprouts. 
the very nice gal working the counter at pizza brain asked if this was our first time there and we said PIZZA because that was all we could say and she suggested some very friendly sounding traditional pizza and we were like NO. THE BRUSSEL SPROUT ONE and she gave us the look that only the most pizza savvy could share.
that pizza ruled.
one of the best pizzas of all time. FOR REAL.friendly cashier.  i would come back.  
ordered the pie with kale (forgot the name) and it was pleasantly huge! freshly baked!  awesome crust!  a little too salty due to the cheese.Big fan of the crust and how generous they were with ingredients. I wish they had had more slice choices when we came in, as there were some we would have liked to try that only came in pie form. The decorations are a lot of fun. I feel like it was a little expensive for what it was, but not so much that it ruined the trip.Best. Pizza. EVER! Seriously. Fun hipster vibe, friendly staff, great service, and amazing pizza... there's really nothing not to love.
As soon as you walk in, you'll notice the cool setup. There are posters, cards, and pictures posted all over the walls and tables which will keep you entertained while you wait for your pizza. Only drawback about this place is that they have limited indoor seating. They do however have outdoor seating in the back. 
I've been here a few times, but most recently I tried the Felix Ruppert and the Gail Sezzny. The Felix Rupper had mozzarella, caramelized onions, garlic, gruyere, and thyme. The Gail Sezzny had mozzarella, garlic, kale, portobello mushrooms, red onions, and feta (kale makes it healthy, right?). Both were delicious! I honestly don't know which I liked better out of the two.
The pizza was reasonably priced. It was $4 for a slice, $22 for a pie. The slices are big and since they're layered with so many toppings, it's a really good deal! 
If you're in the Fishtown area, I would highly recommend grabbing a slice (or two). Service is fast and easy!I had very low expectations for such a hyped, belated, hipstery place, and was very, very pleasantly surprised. These crusts are P-E-R-F-E-C-T. The instant cure to my Rustica sadness.
Quality cheeses and an abundance of arugula. Prices reflect that, but they seem to have equalized for plainer variants. Ever-changing special toppings are amusing and intriguing, but it would be nice if they were less often strewn with macerated animal carcass. Ya know, so I would want to eat them.
The day Pizza Brain starts delivering will mark the first day of my descent into fatness. I might have to move when that happens.This is my favorite pizza spot and it's not just because it's close to my house. The staff is awesome and always seem to be having a good time. The pizza is amazing, even tho I haven't tried a lot of different kinds. Even delivery is very considerate. They give you an estimates time and if they surpass that time, they call and let you know that they're swamped but you're next up. You can't force good service like that.. It just comes natural.Went to Pizza Brain last night... they were getting ready to close but they welcomed us as if they were open all night:) great pizza! Great service!! We had trouble finishing our pizza... the slices were huge!!!! We will be going back there soon!!i went into pizza brain very excited! I came out extremely slighted, and angry! I was offered a free sample and it was a mediocre sliver of a slice with blue cheese and brisket which is a SACRILEGIOUS combination, and it tasted like burnt turds. Then as I was leaving I was ordered to "make sure and leave a tip" for my FREE slice of pizza!!!!!!!!! Not only was I appalled at the audacity of the owner to make this remark, but she stood in front of the door way to make it awkward for me to leave until I gave her husband a dollaR! THEY NEED TO WORK ON THEIR DINING ETIQUETTE  AND THEIR PIZZA SKILLS BECAUSE THIS PLACE IS UNPREPARED FOR PUBLIC INTERACTION!!!!!!!!!!Thoughts from my pizza brain on Pizza Brain...
Came here with some friends for the first time late night on a Friday.  Was a bit surprised that it wasn't more crowded, but so goes summer weekends in Philly I guess.  Super hip atmosphere, extremely friendly staff and as everyone else seems to have noticed, right by the oh-so-delicious Little Baby's.
Ordered the Kiera Tierston.  It was a pretty solid pie.  It's hard to go wrong with bacon, cheese and brussel sprouts.  That being said, it didn't wow me to the moon and back, but I was very happy with it.  Definitely want to come back and try some of their other options to find my fave (Wendy Wedgeworth you're on my list).
Love that it's BYO and I dig the outdoor seating space.  It didn't bother any of us, but there were quite a few baby mice running around the backyard.  Figure that might be a problem for some, but so long as they're not in my apartment or running around in the kitchen, I don't see the harm.
Also, I want the Federal Donuts pizza so hard.  Must. Have. Soon.The 'za, service, memorabilia, staff, and Instagram videos mean that I will always be loyal.Definitely an excellent slice a pizza but it does not justify the expensive price. I am from New York and frequently re-visit and have never paid $3.00 for a slice of plain pizza even in NYC. $22.00 for a large pie is pretty expensive as well.I really don't care for the memorabilia or whole hipster vibe here.  Just not something I get excited about personally, but I know this is their epicenter and probably get laid for doing "cool" things like this within their community so good on 'em.  Everybody needs to be loved.  But I'm removing a star for calling me "Bri" when my pizza was up.  No one calls me Bri.
That being said their pizza is friggin' awesome.  Had the Forbes Waggensense (sweet, you guys).  Just a straight-up great pizza.  Was literally drooling on my drive home waiting to tear into it.  So you do your jobs well, and for that you get 4 stars.We traveled from Baltimore to Philly to catch a friend's son going to his first hockey game of Pens vs Flyers. After the game we made sure to check out Pizza Brain after watching it on TV. If you love pizza, and it is your favorite food, you will make a trek like this for Pizza Brain. Everything from the crust to the toppings was perfect. After the meal I got to talk to the owner that I remembered from TV, and he was gracious we traveled so far to eat his food and he even told us of the places he eats pizza when in Baltimore. It is not every dining experience where you get to talk to an owner, especially when they make you feel like your business is important to them.Pizza is a pop culture phenomenon in our country. Recently you may have seen pizza, as an icon referenced in odd places. On trendy clothing or in a ironic band name. Even tattooed on some edgy hipster, brimming with young adult enthusiasm.  This may be because when many people think of pizza, they experience associations such as childhood parties, Ninja Turtles, and other nostalgia. Pizza Brain seems to be infused with the spirit of these things, if not also capitalizing on them. There is pizza memorabilia all over the walls and the floors. In fact, I believe they refer to themselves as a "Pizza Museum". Throngs of young, hip and  hungry patrons, decked in their retro grunge revival gear fill this place on any given night. The whole scene is an homage to the countless chuckie cheese pizza party memories represented in the young, hip and eager faces. For this great amount of enthusiasm given by the patrons and the employees, I give them a star.
For all of the aforementioned, it is unfortunate that their pizza sucks as rotten, smelly, rat balls as it does. The crust is bad. Even when it isn't burnt (which it frequently is) it is bad. It may be that it is too hard. I can't really describe it. I'd have to go back with pure objectivity to say for sure. Their sauce has way too much going on. It reminds me of when I'd cook as a kid and load a bunch of Mrs Dash into everything thinking, "if a little Mrs Dash makes my scrambled eggs yummy, then naturally half the bottle of Mrs Dash will make these scrambles out of this world!". It took me some time to realize that hallowed concept of "less is more". I think the people over at Pizza Brain have yet to realize this as well. It is even more unfortunate given their avant-garde  recipes and the assortment of great ingredients that they use as their toppings. For these aspirations I give them a second star.
I do wish all the luck to the plucky crew over at Pizza Brain. I hope they perfect their crust and their sauce. Less is more sometimes.Pizza is fantastic I love your pizza sooo much but I just don't get the too call attitude of the employees. Please and thank you will never be over rated. You can be hip and polite at the same time.H O L Y C R A P. I absolutely love this place!
I get tired of pizza fairly quickly, but I never get tired of this place. Their pizzas are so good, so fresh, and a wonderful twist to the traditional kinds. I crave their pizza...I dream of their pizza...I want to become one with their pizza. The store is small and seating is limited, but they share buildings with Little Baby's Ice Cream, so that provides a little bit more seating. The building also holds the record for having the largest number of pizza related things in a building, so you can stay entertained by looking at the walls, reading articles, and fiddling with their built-in iPads while you wait for your pizza. Slices/pies are fairly on the pricier side, but well worth it and well worth the wait too. They have the perfect consistency and balance of the dough, the sauce, and the toppings, and I have never found it be greasy or heavy. This is just good pizza, and I can't stop raving about it. You must at least try it once! Another plus about this place is that you can get dessert from next door. It's a win-win. :]Pizza Brain is a high quality pizza shop behind a vintage veil.  The setting is simple and mellow.  Bar stools and memorabilia face the oven and a few tables are set up on the Little Baby's side.  The service is free spirited and seem like they enjoy making pizza.  No use spoiling the experience, it's worth it for the pizza.
The pizza is good.  One of the best plain pies I've had in the area, affectionately named "Jane" by the creators.  The specialty and white pies are high quality and worth the buy, but I constantly find my self coming back for a slice of the plain Jane.  It's a combination of its parts: the crust is crunchy with black pepper polishing the bottom, the sauce is sweet and slightly spicy and the cheese brings it all together.  The addition of fresh basil on top is both aesthetic and tasty.  Cowabunga dude.  *****Brought my family for dinner. We loved the pizza! Staff is pleasant and friendly. Not much eat-in space, but a few tables & a counter with seats. They definitely have a creative take on pizza, and the decor is fun too! We'll be back for sure.There are two main reasons I give Pizza Brain 5 stars:
1) All of the folks that work there are really nice.  They say hello to you, they are accommodating if you have to wait with offers of complimentary slices, they smile, they make their pizza with love and you can tell that they care about the business they're building.
2) The pizza is really good!  Yes, it's tasty because the combos of toppings are interesting and the dough is just the right thickness and has those awesome bubbles, but the best thing about the food is the ingredients are dynamite!  I've had Pizza Brain pizza 5 or 6 times since they've opened and last week I ordered from the local spot that I had frequented before just to see if my PB excitement was blinding me.  The Kensington pizza joint I refer to is commonly referenced as one of the better shops in the area, but after having Pizza Brain's pies, this other place felt like diner food.  Pizza Brain's cheese isn't greasy at all and I haven't felt heavy in the stomach once after eating their pizza.Big ups to Lincoln, Lucy and Wild Bill for serving us some fantastic whole pizzas within minutes of closing. We hated to be "those" annoying customers but they didn't even bat an eyelid. Oh yeah and the pizza was solid too.Looking for some sort of pizza, are you? Interested in observing the lifestyle of the Hip in the wild? AND you want to learn about the history of pizza? Well, you'll get two out of three of them here. 
I was excited to check out Pizza Brain because I'd heard it was great pizza and they had a pizza museum, one of the first of its' kind? At first glance, they place was packed on a Friday evening,  and I stood around asking others if we were in line to order. 
My friend and I each ordered one of the two slices they had available: Jane (plain) and Leonard Bookman (mozzarella, fontina, ricotta, black pepper, garlic, fresh oregano). 
While waiting a few minutes for our pizza, we tried walking around the crowded place and viewing this 'museum' I'd heard of. All I found was a few trinkets on the wall  and in the floor which I couldn't read due to people shuffling kegs around (it's BYO?) and a lack of space. Next time I'm not going on a Friday evening. I was a little let down with the museum aspect of Pizza Brain, but I had pizza on the brain, and it was time to eat. 
We were called for our four slices, and due to lack of room inside, and the rain outdoors, we resorted to eating in the car. Would have preferred indoors, obviously, but as I said, wasn't much space with the ice-cream shop connected next door (I'll be back to try this!). Now, I am a firm believer that a plain slice of pizza is a great indicator of the quality of the pizza at any particular establishment. Individual slices of pizza are a different cut than those from a whole pie, clearly. The Jane slice was pretty damn good, the sauce was fresh tasting and had a great taste overall, and the crust and dough for the pizza was cooked just right. I ate the whole crust of all our slices. Cooked to crispiness, but on the inside it was still nice and fluffy. 
The Leonard slice was bangin'. Ricotta was cooked just right, and there were healthy portions of it on the slice. Not too overpowering cheeses, and again, crust was cooked to taste great. The toppings mixed well and tasted great. 
Overall, the slices were decently sized for the price, but I still think it was a bit overpriced. Especially for the whole pie, you can get a similar priced pizza of greater stature down in South Philly. If you don't know where I'm talking about, check out my upcoming reviews. I'll be back to check out the ice cream shop and give it another shot, hopefully soon.The pizza here is extremely good.  You can tell that they use quality ingredients and have consistently high standards.  I have also received excellent service here and the pizza comes out relatively quickly considering how busy they usually are.  I like the atmosphere, too.  It has a "pizza museum" theme.  I'm really looking forward to trying the vegan pizza. Definitely try this place.Pretty good pizza. This place has a fun atmosphere and the price isn't overly expensive at all. The staff is pretty friendly and quick. When my pizza came out it was really good. The crust was nice and crisp and the entire thing was great. It can get pricy depending on how much you get as it adds up decently quick. Had a great meal and experience overall though.Chill spot. Great pizza. Cool employees.Stopped at this location today with my family 
We ordered  a Jane pie and a single slice 
Both were perfect...the crust ...was cooked fully and flavorful...the sauce was also seasoned and not to sweet for this type of pie ... the cheese was well balance and hot ...it pulled with no flop...the enviroment was fun and comfortable as we dinned in ...the college urban feel was well lit and clean.
I stack this in the top 5 of philly for my taste...where I build from my favorite ...pizzeria bianco in AZ...I was amazed to find this shop here in philly ...great pizza worth stopping.. plenty of parking and (passionate pizza makers put the love in the pizza)The delivery for pizza brain is ridiculous, This is about the second or third time where I have ordered via grubhub online and found out that pizza brain closed early. Pro tip before ordering on grubhub or any online service for pizza brain call and see if they are even open or if they are even still selling pizzas.Some of the best pizza in Philly. The prices may seem a tad high, but the pies are huge and absolutely delicious. I have yet to have a bad experience, and I'm pretty sure I've had almost each offering they serve. Be sure to stop in and take a look at all the pizza memorabilia, and hit up Little Baby's for some ice cream!One of my top 5 places to grab a slice.
Everything about their pizza is incredible from execution to choice of ingredients, the sauce in particular is one of the best I've had. 
Flat, crispy, flavorful, and the perfect amount of nostalgia to transport you back to your childhood where all that mattered was when your parents were going to order pizza again.
They love pizza. Tomato sauce runs through their veins and their skin is made of melted cheese. They want you to love pizza and it shows. 
Keep up the great work.....you've got a customer for lifeAs you can probably gather from the 5 stars above, I really enjoyed my experience at Pizza Brain.  I thought the pie was incredibly flavorful and the staff was extremely friendly and helpful at explaining their menu options to us.  However, the aforementioned properties of Pizza Brain are not exactly what propelled it to 5 stars in my mind.  Its adherence to a Serious Eats article about pizza crust types was what did it for me.
Recently, while searching the google machine for "pizza dough" I came across an article that explicitly described a New York slice.  It talked about the 3 different flavor/texture levels that one experiences with a slice of that style.  Bottom - crispy, middle - soft, chewy, top - doughy, full of great sauce.  Finally, when folded, it should crackle and give gently but never break.  "..it should cantilever out straight under its own support."  The slices in the Joe pie at Pizza Brain did this and it made me extremely happy.  In fact, I would say it made my experience memorable.
A word of warning to the budget conscious, it's not an inexpensive pizza.  I wasn't bothered by the price because I felt that I really got a great pie.
In summary, I love Pizza Brain because of science.This place offers both entertainment and good food simultaneously so what's not to love?  The classic Jane had a slightly tangy sauce, crispy and thin crust, a good blend of mazzarella, and basil; it's good, solid pizza and the slice was huge, although it was more expensive than your typical pizza parlor slice.  They have more eclectic varieties, some of which are seasonal, so I'll definitely be trying more slices.  The parlor itself is very hip and fun, with an unbelievable amount of paraphernalia and a mural.  You could spend hours just looking at everything.  The owners are fantastic and definitely make the ambiance very fun and relaxed, which is kinda what we all need after a day at work (or even a half-day).  Plus, they are right next to Little Baby's so you can get your dessert and meal in one fell swoop.  Not that's what I call delicious convenience.I resurrected my yelp account from the ashes to write this review. The last time I wrote a review was in October 2012. I hate to write this, bc I only used Yelp for positive reviews, but Im just getting fed up. 
We've lived in Fishtown for 8 years. We have been loyal customers of Pizza Brain since it opened its doors. We loved it and rarely got pizza anywhere else in the neighborhood. We always told people to go to Pizza Brain and were proud to take out-of-towners there. 
Not anymore. Things have really gone down hill. When the pizza is made right, it's still very good. But there have been too many times when it's been made poorly. 
Tonight they sold us very burnt slices (pictured). The place was not busy, so thats not the cause. It feels like there is no quality control there anymore, which is disheartening.  
A few weeks ago, they sold us a pie that was so messed up it was the shape of a D. They gave us a slice to compensate (didnt really make up for it, since the pie was about 5 times more expensive). Im sorry, but that D-shaped pizza should never have been sold. Same with the burnt slices tonight. Which they didnt notice or mention. 
Do the owners still care about this business? If so, they should do more to be consistent. Consistency was not a problem like this in the past. 
Heres this scene from the movie Chef: 
"Should we serve that sandwich?"
https://youtu.be/9a7cX7fJ4Yo
I hope you watch it.I'd give this place a 5 star if not for the large price tag. I have them a call having never tried their pizza before to pick a pie up. I asked for something "with a little meat and some veggies" and the pizza they crafted blew my expectations away - they came up with a brussel sprout / bacon / sausage combo with loads of decadent melted cheese. I thought the creativity was top notch on their pizza creations, and since it's situated next to an ice cream shop it makes for a solid evening trip. I wish they had more seating inside, since it's limited to only a few small tables and chairs. Happy to have it so close by, when I'm ready for delicious pizza and a splurge.Went in to get a pizza and ended up waiting about 45 minutes. Turns out the pizza was done a long time before they realized I was still waiting for it. Then my topping was forgotten and the pizza was super cold. I would not recommend this pizza place. You will get better pizza and service at a cheap corner pizzeria.They tell you it will be 25 minutes, it won't be, they tell you it will be hot, it won't, it won't have the right toppings, and you'll wait 70 minutes for cold pizza. NEVER EVER GET DELIVERY HERE - take out is the way to go.The chopped basil on my slice today was bangin.  Been comin here a while and thought it was a nice touch.Caught an early glimpse of Pizza Brain while assisting Brian, the curator, on a project.  I imagine it will get 5 stars across every review.  Brian's vision plays out in a playful and vibrant pizza store/pizza museum hybrid. His collection of pizza memorabilia/art will absolutely make you smile.  It's the church of pizzas.  Will elaborate once the pizza shop is up and running!This might be the best piece of pizza I have ever had! The slices are large and delicious!! The slices are also reasonably priced. If you are in Philly and like Pizza, stop by...you won't be disappointed! Oh...and the customer service is phenomenal too!Forbes Forbes Forbes best pizza !!!! Cute spot to eat in. Has an ice cream parlor adjacent to it. Quality pizza coming from an NY native. Can get a pie order or you can grab slices. They do not have every slice available but they change it up daily. BYOB and vegan friendly.Glad to have Pizza Brain in Philly. It's connected to Little Baby's HQ which gives you two of the most exciting options in all of Philadelphia.
I've tried the pepperoni, mushroom, and gruyere/onions/garlic slices. I thought all were excellent. The staff is very friendly and the pizza is very good! Not the best, not that they aren't trying to be, but definitely worth the money. The chef does a great job of incorporating basics and eccentric styles to the menu at Pizza Brain.
The memorabilia steals the show here with everything from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles stuff to Shakey's Pizza to just random photographs.
Stop by this soon-to-be Fishtown/Kensington institution.
I look forward to coming back!My family and I tried this pizza on a trip here from Arizona and I was disappointed that I couldn't stop by again before we left. A year later and I still think about this place, the sauce is the best. Fortunately, we will be in Philly tomorrow with intentions to stop here for lunch or dinner.Awesome pizza- thin, great sauce and wonderful topping selections.  I tried the Forbes and the Kira.  Both were phenomenal, but I preferred the Forbes- the pepperoni was fantastic.  The only downside to the Kira was that you couldn't really taste the bacon on the pizza.  It got kind of lost int he brussel sprouts- maybe if the bacon bits were a bit bigger and crunchier or if they used something saltier like pancetta...
The staff here is SO friendly, the have a fantastic back patio dining area which seems like it'd be great for privates parties with overhanging lights strung across top.  Perk: BYO!  Downside: Cash only.Love this place and their crazy pizza names. Service is great, food is ready fast and soooo delicious!  Hipstery/students scene and vibe for a pizza place but none the less damn good pizza. My only B about it is the seating, not enough and that you're on top of each other. It trickles into Little Baby's Ice Cream next door which I believe is their sister restaurant. 
Yes the last thing I want when trying to enjoy my slice is to have to sit on Muffy's lap the bleach blonde, grad student with a rock the size of Mt. Rushmore  complain about her "white girl" problems while her future closet case, pedigree husband is making googly eyes at his dorm mate and playing footsies under the table, then goes to get up for napkins and puts his ass in my pie... Just saying what I saw... 
Anyway!  Love this spot, will go back... Great place, great food!  Two thumbs up!yuuuuummmmm!  the lucy waggle is the best!  i love this place!Interesting decor and beautiful scents hit you when you step inside. This quirky, hipster joint has a lot of character and fun things to see while you wait for your pie to be ready. 
Unfortunately, they lost our order, so we had some delay getting ours, but it was piping hot and fresh when it came. We got the Forbes (pepperoni) and the crust and sauce were nice (crispy, thin crust and fresh sauce), but the cheese was very salty and the whole pie was really greasy from the pepperoni. Maybe you'd like that, but if not, avoid that one. 
Don't miss the awesome Hawk Krall mural full of Philly characters out back and all of the pizza memorabilia scattered around. 
It's also convenient to be connected to a delicious ice cream shop, Little Baby's. 
Both places, unfortunately, are pricey, but the ingredients are quality to justify the high prices, I suppose.Worst pizza ever. Ordered a pepperoni pizza got a pizza with no cheese and no pepperoni. When I called to ask they said they were out of pepperoni and sorry couldn't do anything about it.Really good pizza!!!  Had the french onion pie...crust was PERFECT!!!  Growing up at the Jersey Shore I've had a ton of pizza and would say that  this pizza is on par with Mack and Manco, a personal fav of mine.  I could care less about all the museum stuff/dining exp. , although I think the back yard area will be pretty cool..Can't wait for the delivery service :)Seriously went out of the world while eating it. It is the best pizza I've ever had in my whole life.. I can't stop thinking about it it's that good!! It instantly became my favorite place of all time!! The owner is amazing as well!A vegan-friendly pizza joint in North Philly, is not to be missed. I've been to Philly twice and I have to say, this town is serious about its food, and every place I've eaten at - is damn good. Pizza Brain brings real 'thought' to its pizzas. They are well done but not burnt, flavorful but not terribly filling - eating 3 slices will about do it. We had the goat cheese with mushrooms and arugula - it was delicious and fresh. The dine-in area features an eclectic array of pizza memorabilia and a community/clean-up-after-yourself vibe. Afterward, do yourself a favor and get some ice cream - they offer some of the most ambitious and radical flavors I have ever seen (Earl Grey Sriracha, yes...Blueberry Ginger, two scoops please). The sampler for $6.00 gets your a mini scoop of 6 different flavors - good luck trying to limit it to just six.Hype?  Check.  Delicious pizza?  Also check.
Pizza Brain is fun, and the slices are big and yummy.  I love the craft sodas, and conspire to get Red Ribbon almond cream by the case.
Yes, this place is gimmicky.  Yes, the clientele is a bit goofy looking.  And (most importantly), YES, the pizza is delicious!This place looks like an automatic 5-star review. The hype, the atmosphere, the energy of the employees make this the kind of place you hope you will love but root for regardless. 
The pizza was just whatever for me. Definitely better then the average generic pizza store, but to justify the high prices you got to be deliver a bit more than that. The toppings are fresh and inventive but there are so few put on each slice. I'd prefer to just have a sandwich version of each slice, hoping it would balance out the ratios. The crust was so good, but again, just not enough toppings. 
Also, because the crust is so thin, the oilier slices fall apart when you pick them up. 
Let the hype machine bring you in for a visit, but don't let it bias your experience. 
Please up the toppings and work on making the slices a bit hardier, Pizza Brain. I want to like you more than 3-stars!Pizza Brain you did not disappoint. First off the Pizza Museum concept is awesome. I saw some really cool stuff in there and learned Lombardis in NY is the first ever pizza joint in America so hats off to them. 
I went in there for just a slice and they had 3 to choose from. I went with Jane which is just a cheese pizza with a few pieces of basil on it. I went with this because if you can't make a good cheese pizza you're not making anything else any better. The Jane was everything but plain, it was great and had me thinking with my Pizza Brain! Lol.. I love the crushed red peppers too they make their own blend it looks green and it looks weak but it's spicy and it's goood. Use in moderation!
Pizza Brain your Jane is 10/10!I've been plotting on checking out this spot for a while now. I finally got the chance to check it out and see what it's hitting for. I went on a Saturday night around 9 pm. It wasn't hard finding parking, compared to going to a spot in center city. The outside was clean just as well as the inside. There aren't that many tables but it's cool for a quick grab. The walls were loaded with pizza decor and info, which was cool. The restaurant itself wasn't crowded either. Maybe because it was late, I'm not too sure but it wasn't overpacked like I expected it to be for a Saturday night. The staff was super dope and generous. Definitely a real chill hippie spot. Could slide there with the munchies lol. So the menu was real cool. Had different varieties, and vegan options as well. They had certain pies that were available for slices as well. We ended up ordering a Leonard Bookman pie. It was good, I'm a big fan of white pizza but I could of did without the massive ricotta chunks. Ordered a root beer as well, that wasn't that great. I gave it a 3 star rating because of the pizza I ordered, so I'll try something different. I didn't get a chance to order Ice cream from next door but when I go back I definitely will. 
IG: egotistical_sshole
IG: AyyeDPreally baffled by that angry review who said their pizza is awful.  Whot?!?!
Coming from NY, willingness to drive to those mythological divey spots in far out south brooklyn or north queens to get a plain slice made by a dying elder who will take his dough recipe to the grave...... this is more accessible, but that kind of TOP NOTCH STUFF HERE, PEOPLE. Great ingredients that you can really TASTE. You don't need to dump peppercorns and parmesan and other garbage on because ALL parts are working WELL together. Magical. Seriously, just magical.The place where we were staying had suggested Pizza Brain as a visit slightly out of the way.  They had stated it was a pizza museum.  We're from New York, we love pizza, so we decided to hop on Septa and go out to a part of Philly that is much more suburban with not much else to do.  
Pizza Brain is pretty much a neat-looking pizza place.  Yes they have several pizza-related items that I guess could slip it into the "museum" category but ultimately it is far from a museum.  We looked at the quirky objects they had displayed and decided to try a slice.  Let me start by saying the slices are HUGE.  I had the slice with sundried tomatoes, goat cheese, and arugula on top.  It was good but the dough and sauce reminded me it was not a NY slice.  
The staff is very friendly and the bathroom has an old-school sink.  I personally liked the pizza-related movie and music posters on the walls.  There is also an ice cream shop located toward the back.Oh Pizza Brain... I had such high hopes for you. After reading rave reviews here and in the media I couldn't wait for your pizza, as after living in Brooklyn, the pizza scene here pales by comparison. I thought I found somewhere with a combination of great locale and excellent pie. But after dining with you I feel my search for superior pizza will continue.
The staff is nice as pie. Super helpful. And while I wouldn't call this a museum myself, the ambiance is like a retro record store threw up in smurf village. Which is awesome if you like that kind of thing. And we do. But who wouldn't love a pizza movie featuring Bill maher or a Ghostbusters slimer pizza action figure set?
On to the food: We liked that you can try two types of pie in one and went with the reco of the smoked mozzarella pie with pepperoni (wagstaff or something like that.) while the pepperoni itself was great the slice as a whole was really salty. The other/better half was arugula covered pie with sundried tomatoes and other goodness.
The soda selection is outstanding--the almond cream soda may be the best soda in the world. And I'm a black cherry wishniak girl.
Two more notes: it's BYO and there's a Little Babys in the back, so eat/drink accordingly. 
Wasn't the best, wasn't the worst, and might go back for a slice and a scoop if in the 'hood in the future but would go out of my way to revisit.Great pizza most of the time. When it's good it's worth the pricey price. Service isn't spectacular. Who runs out of pizza on a Friday night an hour before closing??? Pizza brain did...I went for my birthday with 8 other people. We got two pizzas that were half one pizza and half of another pizza. The guys who were helping us were really understanding of us indecisive people, and they were kind. We then went next door to little baby's, which was also awesome. I went on a Sunday afternoon so there was plenty of seating for my party.
The pizza was thin and crispy, just like I like it. A decent amount of vintage sodas.We recently tried to pick up Pizzeria Beddia for dinner on a Friday night around 6pm, and were in line for the last two pies of the day, but were told it would be 10pm. Womp womp. 
Audibled to Pizza Brain on the advice of my Fishtown friend. We ended up picking up a Jane (red w/ multiple cheeses and basil), Wedgeworth (red w/ honey goat cheese, sun dried tomato, mozz, arugala), and Felix Huppert (white w/ gruyere, mozz, basil, onion, thyme) for a house party of eight people. I was...underwhelmed, for the most part. Definitely the thinner/floppier slice style, but I didn't love the multiple cheese setup, and I thought the other non-cheese toppings weren't super present on the Felix. The Wedgeworth was definitely more interesting and better to me w/ the sun-dried tomatoes and arugala. 
In the realm of fancier ~$20/pie artisanal pizzas, I still prefer Earth Bread + Brewery, Dock Street, or the recently shuttered Kermit's. Will try again another night to line up for Pizzeria Beddia and see how that compares.the Fishtown area is really hurting for good pizza places. of course, there's Taconelli's, which everyone waxes celestial about, but i really don't have the time or inclination to call and reserve my dough in the morning on the day i want a pizza. Pizza Brain rises to the top of a pretty shallow pool, but it does the job in a pinch. 
our first time ordering from Pizza Brain was a few months ago, and we picked up and ate it at home. it was a red pizza with argula on top. i was desperately trying to recreate the excellent argula pizza experience i had all the time when i lived in New Bedford, MA. this pizza was mediocre at best. le sigh!
tonight we went back to Pizza Brain and decided to eat in. the place teeters into the hipster restaurant tendency of super twee decor, website, clever food names and holier than thou staff while the food is an almost forgotten aspect of running a restaurant. more style than substance, usually. 
we got the Forbes this time, and thankfully our previous experience was somewhat redeemed.
it has a chewy, slightly crisp on the edges crust that my partner swore had garlic in it (i couldn't taste it). the sauce is interesting, sweet and mild, and the cheese is greasy but serviceable. the Forbes comes with pepperoni, which was delightfully complex tasting and deliciously burnt on the edges, and basil, but there wasn't much to even make a flavor difference.
Pizza Brain is tiny - even with seating on the Little Baby's Ice Cream side of the restaurant, it seats maybe 25, and that's probably being generous. also, cash only. boo. get your heads out of your asses and get Square, or something like it. i know "cash only" is some sort of feeble hipster fuck you to the man, but it makes me not patronize you as often.I feel adequately equipped to review Pizza Brain, but at the same time, not entirely ready. I've been patronizing Pizza Brain every other week or so, ever since it was recommended to me by a few friends in the Fall. As a Temple student with no car, it's a quick and easy bike ride down Diamond St. to get there, no more than 10 minutes (also helps work off the pizza, heh). Even though I come often, there are clearly customers who are more regular than I, and welcomed in a much warmer way, which can be frustrating, at times.
I can certainly say that the product(s) is pretty much the best pizza I have ever had, and the variety of pies has kept me entertained with choices galore. I can certainly get behind the mission (see their "We the Pizza" chalkboard above and to the left of the ovens, when you go), and love the fact that they're the perfect example of a local business doing things right.
I've tried to argue with the pricing of the slices ($3, or $3.50 for a more special slice), but seeing as the pizza joints around Temple charge $2+ for a much, much smaller (and less tasty) slice, it's been a real challenge to complain. Plus, I know I'm supporting a great local business.
Their craft soda selection is also something which I appreciate, greatly. Ranging from the classic Jarritos to the Northeastern favorite Moxie, Pizza Brain carries the perfect compliment to your slice. I have come to love the Apple Pop, but still love to try something new from the cooler every now and again.
Seating availability can be a bit dicey if it's packed. Little Baby's next door doesn't have the same atmosphere, and people often don't realize that you're free to take your meal over there and eat, so the inside seating area (a bar-like area of 10-ish seats and three two-person tables) is easily filled if you come at a busy hour. I'm looking forward to the opening of their backyard patio area, and welcomed the addition of the portable seating area placed in the parking spot out front.
There has always bee plenty of parking for my bike every time I've come, several bike posts in front, and more going down to the corner of Dauphin St. I can't speak to car parking or public transportation access (although, I see plenty of buses running on Frankford Ave, so it must be relatively easy).
Pizzas I've Tried:
- Jane (plain)
- Wendy Wedgeworth (sun-dried tomato, honey goat cheese)
- Leonard Bookman (white)
- Lucy Waggle (white + prosciutto, dates, pine nuts, arugula)I already loved Pizza Brain before I even set foot in it, after trying a bunch of different varieties at different work meetings (one of PB's owners used to work at my school).  I finally stopped in the other day and was blown away by the attention to detail they put into making it a quirky, cool haven for pizza-lovers.  The pizza was delicious, as always, and the staff were really helpful and friendly.  The restaurant is great for families, and a fellow teacher who took her class on a field trip there last week came back raving about how great the staff was with her first graders.  Highly recommended!I went to  the Pizza Brain with friends on a Friday night. My first though was that I was very impressed with the decor. It was like a marketing strategy geared towards kids, but in a way only generation Y would understand. My friends and I spent the entire waiting time just taking pictures of the store because the layout was so cool.
Unfortunately, the waiting time took more than an hour. I think they forgot about our order? I'm not sure, but the guy felt so bad that he refunded our money. When we finally ate our pie, it was piping hot, crispy and delicious! The only reason why I didn't give the Pizza Brain 5 stars is because of the long wait. If you don't mind a long wait for really good pizza, this is definitely the place to go. The staff is super friendly and obviously very nice since they gave us free pizza for our long wait. 
I would definitely go again! 
p.s. They also have amazing ice scream as well! You HAVE to try it.With it's very own Pizza Museum, Pizza Brain offers great pizzas and at a reasonable price. Our group couldn't decide on one pizza and they offered making it half one and half another. The pizza had a great mix of cheese, great tomato base and the crunchiest arugula. Off of their menu, a few pizzas are offered by the (huge) slice and take up almost an entire pizza pan on their own. They also have their own house made oregano/red pepper flake mix but it is so much more than that.Supremely fresh and tasty ingredients, interesting selections.I get sick every time I eat here.  Like other people have said the service is pretty indifferent to your presence but that shouldn't matter at a pizza by the slice joint as long as your order is taken quickly and the stuff comes out hot and ok. 
I had 2 slices of "Jane" and a blackberry soda.  10 bucks.  
Too expensive for how gross I feel after eating it and while ordering it.  If you look at the exterior and interior of the building I don't think it's up to code for a food service place but this is the popular look for the new Frankford Ave eateries.  
I will not be going back and the cash only thing makes it feel even less legit.  I'm surprised at the amount of people who say they enjoy it here.  It takes more than ninja turtle toys for me to enjoy your food.A slice of pizza is pretty big, so I guess it's worth its price of $4.50, but it was awfully oily. Barely had any basil leaves on it. The pizza was so salty that you did not need to have any extra seasonings to it. We didn't put in any because there were no seasoning cans in sight. The fridge there had nothing but beers, so we couldn't get anything to drink. The museum itself is just pictures on the wall, but it was still decent, though wish there was more to see so that it could live up to its name of being the first pizza museum in the world.Fantastic pizza and fun place to hang out. The "Pizza Museum" theme is great. 
The pizza itself is thin crust, with really high quality sauce and cheese. There is nothing to compare it to, really - it tastes like Pizza Brian. 
It is, without a doubt, my favorite pizza in Philadelphia.Great pizza.
Staff is friendly and fast, I have never waited long for a slice. Pricing is reasonable (about 3.50 for a fancy slice) for how fresh the ingredients are and how creative their pies are. My favorite is the Felix Huppert, the thyme and caramelized onions compliment each other well. Art all over the walls, cool stuff to check out while you wait, and usually a pizza themed movie on the TVs. Check out Little Baby's ice cream too, it's right next door and they have vegan options.The pizza at Pizza Brain was just ok. I don't think there was anything special about their pizzas. I will say that their pizzas were unique, but taste wise, I will say it was just alright. My friends and I got the Jane and the Buffy.
- Jane : this was a solid simple pizza
- Buffy : very interesting taste. I still don't know if I like it or not.
Be warned though, b/c the prices are more expensive than your average slice. The average slice of pizza here is around $4.50. An average price for their pies are around $20. The slices are bigger than your average slice, but don't know think it's worth it. The crust and bread are ticker than a thin curst pizza, but thinner than a regular pizza. It was good.
Would I recommend this to others? Yes, but I think you should try it at least once. They are good pizzas, but not great.
Would I get it again? NoLoooooved this place! I'm a pizza purist and I tend to judge places based on their plain cheese pizza. They have tons of yummy combinations, but their plain cheese was fantastic as well. It was the perfect amount of yummy cheese and grease, plus the crust was amazingly tasty and light. They also have great decor-- a pizza museum that has tons of fun pizza artifacts!The second star is for good service only. We didn't even finish eating our pizza it was so bad. Cheese was rubbery, crust was bland and toppings were mediocre. It's no wonder they make their pepper flakes so spicy - it's so you can't taste the pizza.I really enjoyed this place. The pizza was good and the atmosphere was cool. I would get take out here if parking wasn't hit or miss. Super convenient that it's next to Little Baby's. What more do you need? Must note that they have Daiya for all you vegans out there. I know it's the only acceptable vegan cheese. I would definitely go back.Pizza Brain is a lot of fun -- I've been hearing about it for years, even before it was built, via a secret hipster source. I took my folks here for my mom's birthday and they loved it! On the way over to Fishtown, they kept asking "Pizza MUSEUM? MUSEUM!?". As far as interactions in public goes, we're all at the age now where it's hard to tell who is the parent and who is the kid: "What does that say?! What does that mean!" and "It's supposed to be ironic, Dad!". 
Yes, I was definitely feeling like the perfect specimen of '80s-born youth that day. 
When the three of us walked in and took our first look around, the dude behind the counter played a wonderful duel role of tour guide and interpreter -- he really went out of his way to make our visit special. Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles posters, pizza chef Troll Dolls and a wall collage of funny pizza-themed record covers were just a few pizza-themed installations that accounted for the "museum", blanketing the dining area. My favorite part was the recessed cavities cut out of the floor and covered in thick glass, featuring figurines acting out silly, pizza-related scenes.
The pizza lived up to what it should be in a place called "Pizza Brain". I am completely blanking on the names of the pies, but with both of the different pies we ordered, the ingredients tasted like they were of better quality. They were also very greasy, if you're into that sort of thing (personally, I ate one slice greasy style to have the whole experience but then blotted the second). 
Some say that it's all in the crust. Well, "it" was in the crust here. I enjoyed my slices from start to finish. 
The variety of ingredient combo pies were impressive and I enjoyed the fact that there were just as many non-sauce styles of pizzas available as sauce pies 'cause, I dunno, sometimes, sauce = ehhh, right? I thought that it was really nice of the pizza-maker lady to offer to make a highly customized pie for us because business was slow at that point of the day. 
Although I'm more of a West Philly kind of gal who lives across the street from a place that also offers mustard sauce on their pizzas, I had an entertaining and savory lunch at Pizza Brain! My folks were definitely fascinated. It's a great spot to take out-of-towners and pizza lovers alike.Love this place. Food is consistently great, as is the service. Recently, we accidentally ordered a vegan pie (not that there's anything wrong with that), and when we realized our mistake upon pickup, they made us a whole new pie for just the difference in price. Seriously, who does that? These guys. Go there. Now.I have no idea why everyone likes this place so much. The "pizza museum" part is great, but the pizza is... not good. It's not *bad* -- but it's not good. I don't know if it's the weird, grainy crust or the simply uninspiring cheese and sauce, but it doesn't come remotely close to living up to the hype. There are much better (and less out of the way) places in Philly.Ordered a Supreme pizza. Perfect. This is my favorite pizza in Philly.This place is AMAZING! We came with a big group and the pizza was delicious; everyone was full for under $10.
The staff is also really nice - Brian was very welcoming and treated us like guests.
The atmosphere is very pleasant, with a ton of pizza memorabilia on the walls.
The place is on the small side, but we were able to fit just fine. Can't really speak about their busy nights though.I love the interesting combos on these pizzas. It is a little expensive, but worth it. Love the Waggle and the buffalo chicken one (can't remember the name). The people that work there are nice. It can get pretty crowded sometimes and there aren't a lot of tables to sit at when dining in. Definitely a few steps above your typical pizza joint.LOVED our huge pizza slices at this amazing and oh so neat little pizza museum. I could have spent hours just checking everything out on the walls! Sucha  fun and delicous little stop in Philly.Oh my god I love pizza brain. The fact that it's connected to ice cream makes it even better. The pizzas are huge, and a great deal for the quality ingredients you're getting & the size. I shared a pizza with my boyfriend and his sister and we were all full & happy!This was one of the best pieces of pizza I have ever had. The Lucy .. I mean whoa. I'm glad I got 2 slices :) next time will definitely get extra figs I mean they are just phenomenal. I go to Philly a lot and most likely will be coming home with a whole pizza, extra figs, every time!! One of the paintings fell off of the wall and it was actually kind of funny :) - highly highly highly recommend! My boyfriend also got a Lucy (thank god because he probably would have taken one of mine hah!) and the Leonard - both were delicious.Tonight I ordered the Wendy Wedgeworth but got a Rubbery, hard to chew pizza with wet arugula. I waited 1 hour for 1 pizza to go, and the place was not busy at all.  Vibe of employees is apathetic at best. This is the first time in months that I have ordered anything from Pizza Brain since moving out of the city. It has gone downhill.Pizza Brain has been a great addition to the neighborhood for some time now, so there's no need for me to add to the hype at this point. BUT. I need to share the remarkable experience my husband and I had hosting our rehearsal dinner here recently. 
Pizza Brain is fully set up to host small events in the adorable backyard. We had 26 relatives and friends here on a mild evening and arrived to find tables set, cute outdoor lights strung, our BYOB drinks on ice, and even the napkins artfully displayed. Steph and the whole staff at PB really outdid themselves in creating a wonderful evening for our families and friends. Everything was perfect. The pizza got raves, as we knew it would, but so did the laid-back atmosphere, which allowed everyone to relax on the night before the wedding. 
Thank you to everyone at Pizza Brain for an ideal start to our three days of wedding events! You guys rock.Tasty pies, and you have to love the proximity to Little Baby's. I just wish the pizza museum had more to offer. The collection is ever-expanding, so I have high hopes for their future!I've never written one of these in my life, and I used to make fun of people who wrote scathing reviews. Until I went to Pizza Brain.
I can forgive any flavor bust, I get it. What I cannot forgive is bad service. Not because I feel any bit entitled, but because I have been behind the counter too. After waiting for 20 min, I asked in the sweetest way if they forgot my order because my patient friend had been waiting and her slice got cold (it also dropped on the ground after a rude female employee barged past with a tray, knocking into her). In response to my question, the cook guy jolted up and *yelled* back at me in an alarming tone, "Um, Everyone is waiting that long!" sounding as if he has to hold out the b-word at the end.  I was only confused about the 20 min lag between my order and my friend's. The cook made me feel so uncomfortable that I wanted to leave without my pizza, but I waited the full twenty five, maybe thirty minutes for my over-seasoned, over-priced slice. 
And for the record,  I do not care how alternative your shop is, there is such a thing as *inappropriately dressed*. I was offended at how unprofessional this cook was with his oddly cut khaki booty shorts and almost transparent sweaty graphic tee- the amount of exposed body hair and tattoos was just not what I want to see with my food.
I also thought not wearing gloves was violation of health code? Because no, I would not like to see you prepare my pizza behind the counter, wincing as I watch your bare hands and arms and imagine all of the bacteria/pathogens/arm hairs that might go into my slice as you take 25 minutes to prepare it.
What is worst is that the few horrible employees overshadow the one or two really nice, personable ones. I would gladly come back if they tweaked the staff but I'll stay far away from now on!My girlfriend and I have ordered from here a few times since my last review.  Pizza has been better, not as thick as the first pie we got and really tasty.
Delivery time is a major issue still.  Always takes well over an hour, always arrives cold.  I mean come on guys, hire another driver or get your shit together.  I mean if if you can't deliver a hot pizza, then stop delivery.  
If you go with delivery make sure you preheat your oven after you call, you are going to need it.Stopped in last night, got a slice of the plain "Jane".  I liked it.  I loved the crust, crunchy and thin, and I enjoyed the texture and taste of the sauce, where you could actually distinguish tomatoe pieces.  The only thing I would have changed, if at all, is I would rather the basil chopped and cooked with the sauce, or even chopped on the top of the slice, as opposed to the actual leaves.  But I'd give it a solid A.
So of course, then we went next door, where I had a really good birch beer vanilla ice cream, and miglarsh got the peanut butter maple tarragon...which sounded kinda weird but tasted really good.
Bottom line, it was an impulse buy, and we really enjoyed it.  We enjoyed sitting out front eating our ice cream on the benches, and after talking to the pizza guys we're looking forward to when they deliver.
A little pricier than average, yes.  But better quality than average, yes.I have been here many times & never has anything like this happened to me but just now I walked in there & there was no one at the counter so the guy making the pizza asked me what I wanted so I say: I'll have a slice of the Jane.  Finally the counter girl comes back as by this time there are about 6 people waiting for someone to help them besides me standing there.  She looks at me & I said: "I ordered a slice of the Jane & I'll have a black cherry soda."  She seems confused & then says: When did you call?  I said: I didn't.  I just told him.  She seems really put out by this & says: "That's not the way it's usually done here."  Well guess what?  NO ONE was at the counter for a good while I stood there & your guy asked me what I wanted.  Then she tells me that'll be $19 & some change.  I say:  "For a slice of the Jane & a soda?"  Then yet again she seems really put out & says: "I thought you wanted a whole pie."  No, I said: "I'll have a slice of the Jane & a soda."  Then this person unbelievably says to me in a nasty tone:  "You don't have to be rude!"  I looked at her & said: "I'm not being rude but you are...& told the guy behind the counter to cancel my order."  ARE YOU KIDDING ME WITH THAT KIND OF RUDENESS AT YOUR RESTAURANT???  I have NEVER!!!  I was simply trying to a order a slice & a soda & pay for it like I have since I've been living on Frankford Ave for the last year...many times...way to go with the rudest customer service EVER in my life...I wouldn't come back there now if you paid me! I'm not sure what is wrong with that girl but if she cannot take a simple order for a slice of pizza & a soda & let me pay her for it without being a bitch then she should maybe find another job since this one seems to be far to difficult for her to handle...
PS:  & to top it off the employee sent me this long drivel about how busy they were this weekend & how she had to work all these shifts because another employee went to a funeral...No one cares honey.  Not my problem.  & how she felt I was being rude to her.  NO I WASNT.  I was simply trying to pay for a slice of pizza & a soda.  She started that crap with me by telling me:  "This isn't how it's done." as far as my giving my order to the pizza guy who asked me what I wanted while she wasn't in the room & then to have the nerve to tell me:  "You don't have to be rude."  This girl is completely inappropriate.  I will not be spoken to like that by an employee of a place in which I have spent my good money over the last year.  Absolutely not!Do you measure a pizza's greatness by the number of bubbles and the quality of the crust and sauce? Because if you do, you will love Pizza Brain. We took a road-trip out to Fishtown this weekend with a couple of friends who wanted to try Little Babies Ice Cream. A co-worker had told me that if we were getting the veg-friendly ice cream, we absolutely had to try the pizza, so we turned our outing into a lunch and dessert combo. It's very easy to do this at the two combined storefronts.
First, we walked into Pizza Brain and asked for a suggestion about how many pies we should order because my husband and I are vegans and our friends are not. We ended up ordering two pies, one vegan one with cheese. My husband and I split the the veggie delight which was recommended by one of the pizza cooks. They start with their delightfully thin crust, add on just the right amount of their tasty tomato sauce, then add mushrooms, artichokes and sun-dried tomatoes. When it comes out of the oven, they pile on arugula and a delightful balsamic dressing. The meal became one of my favorite food hybrids: salad-pizza. The flavor of the pie was fabulous and the crust had a bubble at almost every slice. The pie was only marred by the fact that they burnt the heck out the crust. The bottom of our veg-friendly pie was basically black. Our friends' pie was not so over-done looking. Next time I go, I'll be sure to ask them to not to make it so well done. We will definitely be back.Amazing pizza and the best crust I've ever eaten. Delicious, and it more than exceeded my expectations. A much needed addition to Philadelphia.Finally had the chance to check this spot out. We opted to get slices instead of fresh pies since we were in a hurry. The slices are pretty big, 1 is enough if you're not starving and 2 will probably get you more than full even if you're starving. 
All the pies have cute names. I tried the Felix which has gruyere, mozzarella, carmelized onions, and garlic. Great pizza, the dough is a killer texture. My only complaint about this one was that it was quite oily/greasy. I also had the Gail which is mozzarella, feta, kale, portabella and red onion. I must say I really like all their topping combintations, right up my alley. 
I am going to go back to try out the Queenie :)Dear Fellow Yelp Reviewers,
How the EFF does this place only have 4 stars?  I mean have you tried the pizza?  I think I died and went to heaven with my first bite.  It is absurd to me that any of you could rate it below a 5.  If I could, I would give it 7 stars.  I love you Pizza Brain, you're more than a Brain, you're Pizza Heaven.  Thank you for the best 5 minutes of my life.First time here, had super high expectations based on the reviews but then had to wait over 20 mins for 3 slices!?!?!! That is not worth the wait to me for pizza slices. Perhaps I came in on an off night but based on the wait time alone, returning for a sit in meal won't be at the top of my list.
We ordered one of each of the slices available and the best one in my opinion was the Jane, the pizza had great depth of flavor and they were huge! Idk if it was the hunger talking but it made me want to return again sometime. 
An unfortunate incident occurred when a moth from the ceiling fell into one of the slices. After waiting soooo long for the slices it was a serious let down, however, once talking to one of the staffers, they replaced the slice immediately.
Overall, this is a really great pizza place and although the speed of service is seriously lacking, the great taste of the pizza makes me want to come back anyways! I would return again but this time order ahead and pick up when it's ready to avoid waiting hungry!Really nice laid back atmosphere.  Good pizza, nice neighborhood feel.  Pizza crust is crunchy and compliments the variety of choices.  I was worried that you could only order what was on the boards, but they do customize!Tuesday  - 1/8/2013 - 12:30 PM 
I ordered the Queenie Delouche by the slice ( a white pie with fontina, goat cheese, mozzarella, fresh garlic and fresh rosemary). In a word: heavy. Garlic and goat cheese dominated the slice. The crust was crispy. A light application of salt would have enhanced the taste. I did not add salt. I am a bit critical because I make my own pie from scratch. I have received many compliments. Despite my criticism, I recommend Pizza Brain. I will return.  Next time, I'll try the red pie.Devoured my slice!! So worth the Carbs! I'm honestly glad I don't live close to this place because I'd gain so much weight!  $3 for a slice- kinda pricey but so worth the splurge.  
The pizza was crisp, flavorful, savory, deliciousness!  Fabo!  I tried all 3 slices that were on the 'by the slice' list for the day, while also sharing ice cream from next door.  They even sliced the pieces into thirds for us to share.  Go here if you love pizza and fun.  The employees were singing to the music, dancing and playing with a bull horn while making and serving the pizza.  In the end I was satisfied, full, and smiling.2 stars for the pizza but the service was HORRIBLE! Not one employee displayed any kind of welcoming customer service. Even when I had trash to throw out and I asked where is the trash to dispose of the waste... I was told they didn't have any where to put the plates and pizza box they gave me... Oh... Okay... Thanks...
I will never return! But you will see me at the wonderful ice cream shop next door! 5Stars for Them!Waited 50 minutes for a well below average pizza.... Just sayin'Definitely one of my favorite pizza joints in Philly. Better watch out, NY! Had the Forbes and the Kira between 4 people (we planned for leftovers because cold pizza is the bomb). The crust was on the soggier side this time around but it was still a great pizza. The toppings are tasty and they don't skimp. I'll just ask for the pizza well done next time. Ciao!Excellent pizza!!  Went here on a whim as we were driving to the city. Wish we lived closer so I could be a regular. Even had Daiya cheese as a vegan option!  Something for everyoneThis place used to serve decent pizza by the slice that was worth paying for. But over the past year and a half, their pies have consistently gotten worse. Last time I was in there the crust was so soggy it felt like I was eating microwaved pizza. While I like their vibe, $4.50 for a slice of mediocre pizza isn't justifiable.Damn you Pizza Brain for filling up my tummy.  It was only suppose to be a snack prior to dinner.   But you overpowered every small crevice of my hunger.  We tried all four of the slices they had up on the board that day.  From what i can recall we devoured a piece of jane, kira, leonard, and felix.  Sadly i was a not a participant of the bacon girl kira.  However, she was a hit with the bf.  It was his fave of the quartet.  Leonard was very filling due to the ricotta.  You can't go wrong with jane, it was simply delicious.  Felix came a bit later after the trio.  Sorry guy, i wasn't really a fan of yours.  I had enough white by then from leonard.  I can't wait to come back here and try out the other folks.  Sadly we couldn't visit next door for some cold treats.  If in doubt when ordering, just go for the jane!I come to this place often and have never had a bad slice or pie. Great vibes, great staff. Outside seating, ample parking, byob, ice cream, third thursdee, community feel. Whur herpert IS THE MOST AMAZING PIZZA I'VE EVER HAD. I love when they get wacky!~The pizza was other-worldly. The museum was totally radical. The ice cream next door was mind bending. Just go here. You'll dig it.Fantastic! We had the LUCY tonight and it was great! I don't think pizza gets better then this. Quality ingredients, large pie, great staff. I will be going back for sure!I love this place and stop in several times a month.   I am not a hipster and per the other reviews, this place is certainly in that genre.  However, I never feel unwelcome or awkward eating there.  The owner is very friendly and tries to learn the names of all his regulars.  I have had just about every type of slice they offer and enjoyed each one.  My only gripe is they don't take credit cards.  I have had to pass up lunch many times due to not having cash..but that is minor.  Just be sure to bring cash.Love Pizza Brain, nice people and great pizza and ice cream. Philly size slices too, none of the bready oily stuff.Dead up....best pizza I've ever had. Food is always ready quick,  great atmosphere, and friendly staff....oh and ice cream tooPizza brain
It's a pizza joint that chose not just to be a hipster slice optional, vegan applicable, deliciously handmade house  of dough and cheese and sauce. It's a museum. A collection of memorabilia that shows people why and how society has embraced such a simple treat. It's a Mecca of pizza that doesn't force you to sit at dirty tables and digest a pound of grease. It's the only place around that makes you want to appreciate a pie. Go now.Pizza Brain was high on my list of places to try.  The menu looked great, the concept sounded fun.  But it was a disappointment.  We tried 3 different pizzas, and felt they were pretty average in terms of crust and toppings.  I do want to mention that the staff were very personable and professional.  And the fresh arugula on one pizza was particularly nice.  It is worth noting that there is very limited seating in Pizza Brain but we were able to sit next door at Little Baby where there were a few more tables.Like pretty much everyone, I am tempted to write a position paper on the fine line between authenticity and inauthenticity, the effects of middle class white gentrification on other middle class white people, and to cleverly point out how stereotypical it is that they were playing a Tribe Called Quest when I walked in as if I didn't recognize that it was a Tribe Called Quest.
All of this triviality would distract from the fact that I ate a slice of pizza the size of a whole pie and it had fried chicken and honey donuts on it, and I don't care if it was a gimmick because it tasted great. I was warned I didn't need two slices, but my greed overtook me, and I don't regret it. Hedonism is beautiful. The pizza was a little bit spicy but I was allowed free water. Ascetism is beautiful, and apparently not a word. Also- backtrack- I totally prefer hedonism. Fried chicken and donuts on a pizza is probably everything that is wrong with America and obesity epidemic  and kids don't move enough. I just ate a pizza that was the antithesis of conflating health and attractiveness. This pizza was a moral stance for me. 
I saw a gentleman on a TV program and I was thankful that we lived in a world where a restaurant called Pizza Brain could be shown on a program called Pizza Cuz. That is a warm and welcoming world. 
Eat the goddamn thing or not I don't careSad is the day in a world full of hate, that we lucky first-worlders must create a divide so vain such as "Hipster" v. "Average Person"...To perceive this invisible line one must posses a slight social paranoia and great lack of self confidence. This crowd deserves a whole new label, let's call them fwappies for now.
Now, I'm real strange... I work a corporate office job, own a few apple products, go to the gym, have blonde hair and participate in many "mainstream" facets of life; Im also vegan, drive a Subaru, have a few tattoos, believe in legalizing pot and gay marriage, and holy shit, do I love dear sweet Fishtown, Philadelphia in all it's melded glory. My label is "Alison" which also happens to be my first name. So odd a concept that we are all completely unique. Alas, to venture into an establishment like Pizza Brain and Little Baby's and become bombarded with, *shudder*..difference. I didn't sign up for that!! How dare you look at me with your eye balls and gauged lobes and pass judgment! Oh wait... Is it I who could be the one who is doing the passing of the judgment? So many conflicts and all I want is ice cream. Thank baby Jesus that in real life everyone who works here is nice and their products superb, other wise I might feel weird and have my ability to rate food tainted by those who serve it. These lovely people appear to love Fishtown as much as I do, and I believe that makes us one in the same. Seriously, it's new-comers against OG Fishtownians anyway. They actually want to hurt us. 
Come here if you want to eat, you won't be disappointed, unless you're a fwappie.I love Pizza Brain.  It took a while for their hipster pretentiousness to grow on me.  When they first opened, they had a sign that said, BYOPF (Bring Your Own Pepper Flakes).  When inquired, the staff said that due to the exceptional flavor of their pizza, that there is no need for condiments.  Um, do I smell $#!&, because it seems as though your head was just up your @$$.  It left a really bad impression.  What if I just like spicy food?  Any pizza shop should provide the basics.  And it's not like their pizza is anything special.  So, I didn't return for a very long time; however, Pizza Brain's been in the neighborhood for a few years now, and I've grown to love them.   
The Henrietta Blanch is my favorite red pie, and the Lucy Waggle is my favorite white.  
Two criticisms I will say about this shop:
THEY CLOSE FAR TOO EARLY.  During the week it's at 9, and they stop delivery at 8.  That's crazy for this neighborhood.  Fishtown is full of young people, and no hipster is going to order pizza at 5 o'clock.  They probably lose a lot of business because they close so damn early.  So what if the staff has to be there later.  That's the nature of the business.
Also, they always just have the basic, or same pizzas available by the slice.  The Jane, and like 1 other one, and it's always the same.  It gets old after a while.Great pizza. I went every couple weeks, and I never had a trouble with service. They weren't overly kind, but I never had trouble. Until...
On Saturday August 6, I ordered a single take-out pizza. I was told it would be a 45 minute wait and thought, "Sure, it's good pizza. I'll wait." My wife and I show up 55 minutes later. It doesn't seem too busy. There's 4 or 5 guys working behind the counter and at least 2 of them are just standing around. So the cashier calls out our name and says it's not ready yet.
I didn't want to be rude and point out that it was already 10 minutes past when they said it would be ready. So we waited, and we waited. In the next 30 minutes, only 2 of the employees did much of anything. After 30 minutes, we bite the bullet and decide even if it is rude to point out that they aren't doing their job, we'll ask. 
Surprise surprise, it's been ready the whole time. 
The worst part is what happens next. The cashier tries to say, "Someone must have taken your order and not called it out or something." It was you!? This pathetic attempt to shift blame was infuriating. If I owned the place, I would have fired him on the spot for that attitude. (Big guy, pale complexion, beard/scraggly hair, glasses, wore a flannel shirt.) At least when I got visibly frustrated and started walking out, one of the guys that was actually working made a comment about a free slice to-go. 
This is pathetic service. I've told my friends, and it has stopped me from going. I suggest patrons try out the new Medusa pizza on York street. Four stars and service can't be half as uncaring as Pizza Brain.
http://medusapizza.com/If one could die, and go to heaven, and heaven was a pizza shop....Pizza Brain would be the pizza shop in heaven.  I swear I high angels singing on high every time I step in the door.  It's the best freaking pizza I have EVER had.  And to top it all off, as if this place needed ANY help, there is a tiny ice cream shop inside of it (Little Baby's).  Like heaven needs any upgrades, you know?The Pizza is unbelievably well made, delicious. Some of the best pizza I've had in Philadelphia. These Guys got it locked up,Well Done PizzaBrainPizza Brain, the much hyped new(ish) pizza joint and museum(!) in Fishtown, is just as quirky and hipstery as one would expect.  The owners are friendly, the clientele is mustachioed, tattooed, and comes riding in on their fixies, and the food features fresh ingredients in unique combinations.  As a well traveled pizza snob, I can't say that this is the best pizza I've ever had, but for Philly, which is admittedly not a pizza town, Pizza Brain is almost as good as it gets.
We came here on an early Sunday afternoon to change up our usual brunch routine.  As we walked in the door, I was taken back by the amount of pizza memorabilia and kitsch that lined the walls (like every square inch of the walls), but also how small the actual shop is: two tables, a couple of extended wall-mounted high-tops, and nothing else.  There are slices (a limited selection of their menu), and there are whole pies divided into two categories: red sauce and white sauce.  The cashier, who couldn't have been more helpful and friendly to us first-timers, helped us navigate the menu and convinced us to get a pie with two flavors: the Felix Huppert (with gruyere, mozzarella, carmelized onions, and thyme), and the Lucy Waggle (mozzarella, grana padano, pine nuts, thyme, arugula, sweet dates, and prosciutto).  $20 for the pie, and $6 for two locally made and bottled cream sodas (obviously all local).  And 15 minutes later, we began eating.
I tried the Felix Huppert first.  It's description, like eating French Onion Soup, is totally accurate, although the pizza version is a tad sweeter.  Definitely thick on the cheese and strong on the carmelized onion flavor, the pizza was incredibly savory and fit the description well.  The gruyere definitely added that extra dimension of flavor that cheese pizza sometimes lacks.  However, the Lucy Waggle was definitely my favorite of the two flavors.  Arugula on pizza is something that should be done more often, plus the combination of the tarter lettuce with the salty proscuitto, sweet dates, and sharpness of the padano made for an interesting flavor combination.  The toppings are also spread evenly, which makes for consistent flavor enjoyment throughout the slice.  Perhaps two things I could see making the pizza better: make it taste less sweet (either by reducing the intensity or amount of carmelized onions and sweet dates), and making the crust more crisp.
Pizza Brain is so hipster, it doesn't take credit cards (but provides an ATM), and it doesn't provide any additional traditional pizza condiments (as they proudly display on their chalkboard menu, they are BYOPF, or bring your own pepper flakes for the acronym challenged).  Considering their prices and their growing following, I don't think its unreasonable to ask the guys at Pizza Brain to provide some crushed red pepper (or garlic powder, oregano, or grated cheese) for the pizza.  One might argue that the flavor profiles are good enough to stand on their own without additional condiments, but I personally think one can never overdo it with crushed red pepper.  However, they are BYO, so while you can't buy beer, you're more than welcome to waltz in with a lager (or Yards or whatever) to wash down your Forbes Waggensesne.
Overall: pretty good pizza in an unreal setting that has a few small kinks.  Still way better than the average Philly pie, still worth it for the experience, and still intent on making my way back to try the red sauce menu.I know everyone thinks that Pizza Brain is just another spot for hipsters to be ironic and whatnot, but it's actually a great place for a few reasons.  For starters, the Pizza Museum is kind of cool.  It's not huge, but it's pretty awesome to see Noid dolls and other little relics behind the glass.  Second, it's attached to Little Baby's Ice Cream, so it's the perfect spot for a dinner-and-dessert date.  And last but not least, the pizza is great.  The crust has a wonderful crunchy/crispy thinness to it and their red sauce is delightful.  If I had to find any flaws with our meal, I will say that it was on the expensive side ($26 for a pie and two soda, before tip).  I can't see myself coming up here all the time because I would probably go bankrupt, but it was definitely a nice treat!This is definitely my favorite vegan/nonvegan pizza place! My partner is vegan and hence this place is a great option for pizza lovers both vegan and non vegan! I had a pizza here that was a white pizza with prosciutto and it was simply amazing! I would highly recommend picking a pizza off the menu if you're looking to try something out of the ordinary! This pizza place is definitely more adventurous than any pizza place I've eaten at! I would say if you don't want something out of the ordinary you cannot go wrong with plain Jane! Definitely if you're in philly stop by here it's well worth any wait!Stupid. Expensive. Only offer plain and pepperoni as "normal" slices. No garlic salt, oregano, red pepper, or parmesan. Went here once and will never go here again. DUMB  DUMB DUMBBeing a New Yorker who relocated to Philadelphia, I have been on a quest to find some pizza that is equivalent to what I grew up on.  When I caught wind of Pizza Brain, I got excited.  Could it be that someone in Philly was making pizza that didn't have thick bland crust, crappy tomato sauce and cheap shredded cheese ?
The first time I went I was very pleased.  The slices were big, the pizza was just thin enough and the toppings were great.  To top it off they even had a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Pizza Thrower, which brought me right back to my childhood.
With how impressed I was on the first go around, I decided to order delivery from them the other night.  Placed my order and was told 1 hour.   At 1 hour and 5 minutes after I placed my order my pizza showed up.  Sweet, time to eat.  Nope.  The pizza was ice cold, not even a bit warm.  I cranked the oven up and warmed it up, started eating, then the disappointment set in.  The pizza was different then what I had at the actual shop.  Not as thin as the giant slices, the dough was tough and chewy, and the sauce was too sweet and tasted like ellios pizza.   Will i give them another shot ?  Sure, but maybe it will just be for slices.Pizza is good, but buyer beware. If they tell you to wait 30-35 min for your take out order, don't expect the pizza for a solid hour.