Came here with a few friends during University City Dining Days and had a great time! 
The vibe/look of the place is so cool. Very different, unique and something you just have to experience. ESPECIALLY the bathrooms - that's all I'm saying. 
As for the food - some stuff was great, others blew me away! The Chicken Lettuce wraps are delish! The pork dumplings are good ,but the wraps were better. The shrimp tempura roll was good - not the best I've ever had, but solid! The Shrimp Pad Thai was great - a little spicy, which i wasn't expecting, usually that's very sweet for me - but still very good! And a good size portion too! My friends got the New York Strip and it was great - came with some sort of fried potato ball, which is weird, but also really good! 
Then came desert....each one was, for lack of a better word, weirder than the next, but also better than the last! I started with the HALO HALO BREAD PUDDING. No idea what to tell you this is but you have to try it, if you're adventurous! And like purple deserts! The cardamom fudge brownie was also great, and very interesting....but the sorbet stole the show. Weird saying that as that's usually juts an add on desert item, but it was delicious! 
For Dining Days this is a great deal - we left with lots of to go bags, and full belly's, and loved it all!A 2-word description of this place: "Morimoto Lite." Clean, colorful, modern atmosphere. Tried the eel roll, veggie tempura, double duck noodle bowl, lamb lo mein & a dessert of which I cannot remember. Service was good, food was decent- expensive yet worthy. (I am a huge fan of Morimoto's restaurant.)The environment is not welcoming because it feels pretentious, but the service was very good. The aesthetic is very futuristic. This is a nice place to go if you want to try something fancy, but portions are a bit small. 
I ordered the tofu lettuce rap. The tofu was cooked with some sweet and salty sauce on the outside. I did not like this item and it was hard to eat because you had to eat it with your hands. It was made vegetarian for me. 
The second item I ordered was eggplant on a skewer. This item was very delicious. It had a smoked taste and great presentation. 
Although this place is a bit pricey, it was worth going for the experience. Tip: ask for tap water if you don't want to be charged for the bottled water. We did not realize the place would charge us $6.50 for the Aquafina water we did not even finish.I've been here 3 or 4 times and am writing based on my most recent visit.   Generally I enjoy my trip to POD and usually sit in the "POD" areas where they have colorful lights you can change which is a lot of fun for the group.   It can take some time to get your eyes used to the changes however. 
We had dinner on a Monday night.   The restaurant wasn't very busy yet service was still slow.  It took about 15 minutes to get seated (even though we had a reservation), 15 minutes for our server to show up to the table, and 15 minutes to get our drink order in.  Luckily we weren't in a huge rush.  We did have to get up after we were seated to go find our server.   She was chatting with the bartender most of the night.
We decided to go with the tasting menu for 5...even though there were 7 of us.   There was still WAY to much food.   Not a huge problem from a customer standpoint, but you are full before the entrées even come to the table.  
Even though we were spending almost $400 on dinner, we barely saw our server.   She came.  We were never asked for drink refills until dessert.   I sat most of the night w/ an empty beer glass.   It blows my mind when servers don't want to build up tip money.
The food was decent, there was just too much of it.   I wouldn't recommend the tasting menu.   Too much food.   No place to put it on the table.  You see the bus boy more than you see the server.  I'll probably skip POD in the future.  Nothing spoils a business meeting more than being angry that the server isn't at your table enough to attend to your clients needs.Had an amazing meal here tonight with friends.
For our appetizers: 
-Pork belly buns
-lettuce wrap with chicken
-Pork dumplings
Of the three, my favorite was the buns and the runner up was the dumplings. Highly suggest both
For second course: 
-Sushi and sashimi plate
-lobster pod roll
-white tiger roll
I think the hands down winner was the lobster pod roll, but the platter would be a great choice to share between two or more people. It gives you a lot of different things to try so you get a good basis on what flavors you like.
Third course: 
-caterpillar roll
-a secret cream cheese roll. Ask about it
I thought both were OK, with the caterpillar roll being better, but they both weren't as good as the lobster pod. 
Dessert: 
-salted caramel chocolate cake
-spring rolls
These were both on desserts. I was told that the donuts address the way to go here, but, alas, we didn't get them. Go for those of you get the chance. 
Overall, one of the best meals I've had in a while and definitely a place I will be back to. Thanks Zach and Steven Starr for another amazing meal!Pod was such a unique experience. The setting, the lights, and the vibe were all pretty cool. We ordered the pork belly buns, lettuce wraps, and Korean Spade ribs. The portion size is small, but the food was beyond delicious. For dessert, we decided to try the mochi ice cream and the halo halo bread pudding. The mochi at Pod is by far the best mochi I have ever tried! It was so soft and flavorful. The halo halo bread pudding was different, not what we're used to. The bread pudding was the good part, everything was simply okay. 
Overall, highly recommend the pork belly buns, lettuce wraps, and mochi ice cream!The sushi is excellent here and not overpriced. Great place to take fellow diners that don't like sushi/"ew its raw fish!!"...there are many items to choose from to fit all types of palates. 
The decor is weird but whatever. It is slightly distracting to see UPenn kids bring their out of towner parents to the most "far out" restaurant in West Philly. I have overheard many "this is what its like on a spaceship" comments. ugh 
My favorite part of this restaurant is the martinis you order by color. I've had them all and the Blue is my favorite. Green is a close second. Pink is also good. hahahawe stopped by mid- afternoon to avoid the dinner chaos.
Good location, excellent service, gorgeous interior, and super fresh food.
Attention to detail in every aspect!  Love this place!One word: Sucked. Seriously I've had gas station sushi that was better than this. The Uncle Owen homestead look is cool for five seconds but Id rather drink blue milk than go back to this faux hip Starr restaurant. Boo!!Thanks, Pod, for making eating here such a delight for a vegan like me! I am so happy with the amount of choices that I can make on the menu, and the fact that they will make a few things vegan for me upon request! 
When I ate here a couple of weeks ago, I told my server I was vegan, so she made sure to veganize my side order of roasted asparagus (I think it normally has fish sauce in it or something). It was quite delicious, as was the Vegan Stephen sushi. I almost sent it back because I thought it was fish when it arrived. The tomato looks suspiciously like raw salmon! But, no, all vegan here, and full of fresh vegetables and stuffed with tempura'd veggies. Delicious! 
For lunch today, I decided to go with an old standby: tofu lettuce wraps. These are very decadent. Deep fried tofu in a sweet and savory Asian sauce, with sprouts and onions, a side of peanutty sauce and some fresh butter lettuce leaves. I love that you can roll them up yourself. Fun lunch. And delicious. Thanks, Pod!Excellent atmosphere and food quality.  The lobster rolls were fantastic. Also enjoyed the wasabi filet and sea bass.   Service was great as well.  Definitely great for date night.  Also the Bok Choy, Pad Thai, and chicken pot stickers were very good as well.My son requested I review this place and give it five stars. We had a delicious meal and will be back again. Really enjoyed the rocking spicy tuna. Very trendy and modern atmosphere.Been here several times for evening receptions that served the usual sushi maki rolls and apps in small portions.  Finally came here for lunch and still just Mehhhhh.  Sushi combo for $16 is so overpriced for the 5-6 nigiri and 4 pieces of caifornia roll and no miso soup, no japanese salad.  TONS of salt on the edamame (that by itself, was cooked well).  The green tea for $4 is worth it--not your typical Japanese green tea tho (has moroccan mint + jasmine).  This place is "anglosized" through and through.  That's not a bad thing, it's just not an authentic Japanese restaurant.  Perhaps the 18 pieces that come with the $14 maki combo is worth it...the udon noodles w/ tofu looked so bland and lifeless.  Most ppl were ordering the $14 lunch special "bento boxes".
The atmosphere was great though, totally packed from wall to wall with Wharton students, Wharton professors, professionals in the area...felt very much like the NYC business lunches that a lot of us left for grad school!Wow, now that was fun.  On a business trip and staying at the Inn at the Penn, downstairs is this very unique restaurant.  The interior is decorated with techno cubes and modules (sort of reminded of Tetris).  All it needed was loud techno music to complete the picture.  But what you get inside is friendly, attentive service, and great food (and no loud techno music either).  I had the spicy tuna topped by huge rock shrimp and the pork buns - wonderfully prepared and very tasty.  All accompanied by shirakabe gura tokubetsu sake.  Drop by this restaurant if you have the chance and want a unique and pleasant experience.  
Oh and if you're old school anime fan, Kimba the White Lion plays continuously behind the sushi bar.  How do you beat that!?Visited here last night for dinner, we enjoyed our dinning experience. The service was excellent, the decor reminds me of an Austin Powers movie. I felt energized with the usage of orange in their decor which also softened the stark white of some furniture and walls and concrete floors.
For starters we had the Crab Spring Rolls, yummy!!! It wasn't to heavy, great flavor - my friend loved it so much that he wanted to place another order of them.   My entree was the SHRIMP  PAD THAI, great flavor and the portions allowed for leftovers the next day - they were able to adjust it so that it wasn't spicy (thank u!!!).  He had the MACADAMIA CHICKEN STIR-FRY, he loved it - enough for leftovers. 
Just when I thought it couldn't get any better, we had dessert - we had the Mochi Ice Cream, OMG - it was like nothing I ever had. The outside rice like shell with the creamy filling, we ordered the green tea, mango and passion fruit.  I want to go back again just so I can have the Mochi dessert again!!!The decor is great, the food was good, the lighting heavenly. The sexy sleek look of Pods interior would impress any out of town visitors or dates. 
But what dazzled me about this beauty were its restrooms. John, shitter, WC, or loo, Pod's bathrooms are proof of gods love of humans. These amazing unisex stalls are spacious enough for u-n-i-sex ;).  How progressive that men, womyn, trans, and intersex, can all share the same queue without waiting in inequitably long lines. This is also a great convo topic to chat up some eye candy in line. 
My mother always says that the quality of a restaurant's bathroom will tell you about the cleanliness of its kitchen. Considering I felt like i could have comfortably eaten in those neon stalls, I think that is the highest compliment I can give pod. :)The design is cool and they have the gimmick of this "pod" table, which looks like fun if you are the one party lucky enough to be in there. But they are skating on style and too dumb to even realize that they have no substance. Our service was inexplicably terrible, for which they apologized and reduced our check (when it was pointed out that they had not cleared one dirty dish during our entire meal). But more importantly, the food was underwhelming. Chicken lettuce wraps tasted like a frozen tv dinner. The rolls hadn't quite figured out what they were trying to be. Tuna tartare with puffed rice -- trendy ingredients that just didn't come together into something that tasted good.I came all the way from North Jersey to try this place, expecting something different.
I was disappointed at how limited the menu was, I was definitely expecting more options for sushi rolls. The steamed pork belly rolls were good, but nothing spectacular. The ramen was okay, nothing worth bringing home. Our server probably came over twice, once to introduce himself and take our order and the second time to bring out check, the rest was taken care of by food runners/bussers.
The drinks were good and the decor is obviously what separates this place from other Asian style restaurants, but overall our meals were not better than anything we've had in NJ.Went to Pod for dinner on a Tuesday night.  It was fairly busy, but not crowded.  We were able to get seated right away.  We had a sushi combo that included tuna, yellowtail, and salmon sashimi as well as a spicy tuna roll and a yellowtail + scallion roll.  Nice presentation and tasty.  We also had the seafood fried rice (lobster, shrimp, and scallops), which was really good.  We were interested in trying something from the Japanese grill, so we had the grilled corn as well.  I wasn't a huge fan of the spices used, but it was interesting to try.  The cocktails we tried were OK, but not our taste -- a little overly sweet. 
The service was some of the best in the city.  Both the hostess that sat us and our server were kind, attentive, and energetic.  There are several other restaurants I'd like to try before coming back here for a meal, but the fantastic service will definitely bring me back for appetizers or a drink if I'm in the area.What a fun place to dine!  Comically small bright red lounge couches, futuristic airline-style bathrooms, conveyor belt of what looks to be cryogenically encased sushi, tableside chopstick grilling - definitely come here on a first date or maybe just for a fun happy hour with coworkers!
Came here with friends for the University City Dining Days for the $35 per person meal and the sheer amount of food and quality definitely did not disappoint.  Would I visit here at regular prices?  Only for the sushi and trendy bar atmosphere, maybe.  And a dessert or two (I'll get to that later).
I should mention our server was really friendly, on point, and explained the menu in detail to us and answered all of our questions.  Stephen Starr's choice of server for this restaurant seems to be tall, lean, bearded or with a man bun.  Not hating it.
For starters, we tried the pork dumplings and the chicken lettuce wraps.  The dumplings and their soy dipping sauce were tasty but fried and, thus, very heavy as an appetizer and too filling to preface the rest of my meal.  The chicken lettuce wraps were very delicious and fresh (and in a large portion), but I have a hatred towards DIY, deconstructed hipster presentation, which is how that was served.  
Sushi rolls came out second/same time as the apps, which was a little weird, but was definitely my favorite dish of the night.  I'm a sushi sucker, and the jumbo lump crabmeat California roll did not disappoint and was SUPER fresh - if I come back here, I'm only ordering sushi and cocktails (for a Monday, we decided to forego the alcohol).  Friends got the shrimp tempura, which I actually wasn't crazy about since it had some sort of weird curry spice.
For entrees, we got the shrimp pad thai and New York Strip.  Pad thai was bangin' with a little spicy kick and just overall uber flavorful - kicking myself for not ordering that.  The NY Strip was, as expected from an Asian fusion joint, not ideal.  I should've went with my gut on this one.  
Not that it was bad, it was just kinda meh in flavor and execution.  For one, our friend got her shrimp pad thai a full 5-10 minutes before our steaks.  Second, the two of us both ordered it medium rare - my friend's came out medium, gradually turning to medium well, and mine came out rare, gradually turning to medium rare).  I guess the cut of meat was disproportionate, hence the uneven temperatures.  I like some meats on the rare-ish side, but I was still a tiny bit skeptical since it was very sinewy to chew and less than room temperature in the middle, so I ended up eating the medium rare half and saving the rare half for leftovers to cook a little more.  Also, more hipsterness, it was served pre-cut on a bamboo leaf placed upon a bamboo mat placed upon a concrete plate.  Like, just give me the damn plate so I can cut through all that rareness.  However, the chimichurri-type sauce on top was delicious, as were the weird lightly fried balls of potatoes with wasabi mayo.
Dessert was the most fun.  The bright purple bread pudding came with a disclaimer from our server, who informed us that it's made out of purple Japanese sweet potatoes, and came atop a bed of a creamy milk and fruity pebble mixture and topped with some sort of purple ice cream - weird AF, but nice and spongy, decadent, delicious and with a hint of coconut (I think).  Brownie with cardamom ice cream was DELICIOUS and the citrusy sauce helped cut the richness perfectly.  Best was the trio of sorbet I got: melon, blueberry and raspberry - everyone agreed that was the tastiest dessert: fresh, fruity and light and the perfect way to end the meal.
Overall, Starr Restaurants (IMHO) run the gamut from outstanding to not great at all to trying too hard.  This was somewhere between trying a bit too hard and very good, so I plan on definitely giving it another chance, hipster Technicolor kitsch aside.Starr's pan Asian restaurant near the Penn campus is a great mix of Asian cuisines with fresh ingredients. You are struck by the white furnishings as you walk in, and the funky lights offer a scene that I'm sure was cutting edge a few years ago. The place looks a little passe now, but that doesn't affect the food. The sushi is high quality and there are ample selections of dim sum, more "traditional" chinese dishes, and a few other asian dishes such as crab pad thai. The food was great, well prepared, and bursting with flavor. The miso seabass was so soft it melted off my chopsticks. Pod has many innovative takes on more traditional dishes like mushroom dumplings in a marsala like sauce and the aforementioned crab pad thai. I wasn't thrilled with the dessert menu but the wait staff let us try a small portion of the toffee-chocolate bread pudding, which was incredible. The worst part of the restaurant was trying to figure out what to order since the menu is so good. The truth be told though, the worst part of the Pod is the prices which are very high even for the large portions. Service was extremely attentive, there are a large selection of cocktails and wine as well.Here in a large group wait staff is lacking I ordered the beef ramon and it has to be the worse beef I have ever ate thought it was going to be beef slices but turns out to be nasty ground beef ballsI wanna give it a 3.5. I did enjoy my time here (I wasn't the one paying though - maybe I wouldn't have if that were the case). The sushi was good, not memorable. Their mochi ice cream was amazing though. And they have great service.Service was excellent. Decor and Atmosphere was really fun and contemporary. The food was delicious. If you come to Philly, you need to check it out.I've been on a Steven Starr kick recently, so when my Mom came into town, wanting to take me out, I decided to pick A restaurant that has easy enough parking, was expensive, but not too expensive, and a place that I've never been to. Pod, here we come.
Upon entering, I was instantly impressed with the decor. All of the Starr restaurants that I've been to have a cool feeling, with Pod opting for neon lights, smooth flowing curves on all surfaces (chairs and ceiling included). Anime was playing on a screen in the background.
There were three crowds: preppy college studs enjoying happy hour, small parties sitting around the long table with a built in conveyor belt on which small sushi dishes circulate, and small parties at tables.
The service wasn't great, but I'm convinced that had mostly to do with our particular server, and was not representative of the restaurant as a whole. The menu has a not so varied far of Japanese, Chinese, and Thia dishes, sort of all combined. They use wasibi often and liberally, steer clear if you don't like it. I had the shrimp and scallop stiryfry. I liked my dish bestout of the rest at our table (Wasibi crusted filet mingnon, seseme crusted tuna, and veggie pad thia).
Dessert was the best part, the sweet 18, which had 9 different bite sized desserts; coconut macaroon, chocolate covered banana, candied apricot, tofu donut, brownie bite, ect. Two of each, and perfect for a party of four.
In the end, dinner was good, the place was kind of cool, but I just can't recommend it. If you're going to spend that kind of money, they're are many other places.Well...
The GOOD:
I'll start by saying the food was TASTY, slightly overpriced for SMALLISH ENTREES. Chicken lettuce wraps, yum. Shrimp pad thai, yum. Salad with fresh spring mix lettuce greens, yum.  Appetizers ok priced. My teenage daughter and her friend had a GENEROUS bowl of miso soup with micro cubes of tofu in it. They have a tasting menu offered on the standard menu, one at $45 and one for $60 I believe which is nice.
The BAD: (and I mean REALLY BAD!)-the WAITRESS KATIE!!!
the waitress was truly the WORST I've ever had. She came to the table WITHOUT an enthusiastic greeting.   BUT when we needed some guidance with ordering, she was QUICK to be IRRITATED and RUDE, and to blow off her duties of hospitality and service as 1) SHE SNIPPED, "you want me to give you a few more minutes to work this out???!!!!". 
It was a Wednesday nite at 8:30, so there wasn't a crowd.  And the silly minimum of 6 people to a pod (we had 5!) shouldn't be an issue when catering to a new customer visiting from out-of-town on a non-busy evening, c'mon.  
But, as it was, there were MORE HORRIBLE SARCASTIC REMARKS from KATIE, the WAITRESS.   2)when we told katie we asked another employee to help us get the iced tea we ordered 15 minutes earlier, trying to guide her to that girl, she BARKED, "there are a LOT of females that work here!!", implying 'how the hell am I supposed to know which girl you talked to!'.  
And 3)when we FINALLY got our entrees, which seemed to take a while, and after we had to REMIND ANOTHER waiter that we never received our sushi appetizers, our AWFUL, INATTENTIVE waitress KATIE finally came by and instead of asking how we liked our foods, she SNIPPED YET AGAIN!!, "well then, I'll get out of you way and let you to it!!!".  SOME NERVE she had. 
so, RUDENESS by WAITRESS caused a potential perfect meal, into a BIG 2 star BUMMER!!  Inappropriate comments made us feel UNCOMFORTABLE and DISPLEASED.  will not rush to ever return.During my first year in grad school at Penn, I lived in one of the towers across the street from Pod. I used to meet people there occasionally, only actually eating there a handful of times. The food wasn't bad, but it wasn't remarkable, either - especially given the price tag.
If you're the type to want to hang out there, you won't care what anyone writes about it - forgive my heavy-handedness, but it was usually packed with the douchey-est subset of Penn undergrads you could imagine, probably fresh out of the Urban Outfitters around the corner and sporting their parents' Amex. I am getting chills just picturing it.
I gave it an extra star just for having bathrooms I'd imagine having sex in. I mean, if I were the type. Just sayin'.I went to Pod tonight during the snowstorm with my roommate. I live real close to this place... so I've been here a few times already and haven't had a bad experience, but I'll only write about my experience from tonight's visit. 
Tonight I had a tuna-cucumber maki, which was really good. The tuna had so much flavor to it! I was a happy camper. My roommate got the shrimp tempura roll and she said it was pretty good. We also got chicken lettuce wraps and seafood fried rice, both delicious and light so it was perfect next to the maki. The peanut sauce that came with the lettuce wraps was sweet and perfect on top of the chicken.  The seafood fried rice had chunks of lobster and scallops in it and I could not stop eating it. It was a large size too, between the two of us we only got through half of it, so of course we got it wrapped up to take home! 
Our waiter was nice and really helpful with the menu. I think he was wearing like a shimmer lip gloss.
And of course, the atmosphere is cool, we sat at a 2 person table that is up against the wall on the side of the restaurant. I have never sat in the pods but I feel like they would give me a headache. 
The price wasn't bad, because we didn't get one of the main dishes. It came to like 25 for each of us. Not too shabby!I came from Miami to visit my sister in Philadelphia
She suggested coming to Pod would be a good idea
Since she knows I love anything that has to do with Asia
I said, okay, it better be good or.. see ya!
And she said, trust me, everyone in Miami will want to be ya
It's kind of expensive, but I can't complain about their shrimp tempura
The waiter was really nice, and would show up like abracadabra!
The place looked really modern, like movies The 5th Element, Tron...etcetera
I guess the only thing missing was a capybara in a fedora
I'm just kidding, ha ha
Til next time, Philadelphia, sayonara!Tonight's hostess must have had a bad day. It's either been a bad day or bitchy resting face. Very unpleasant. Food was great as always. The rest of the staff very friendly.Great place to go to celebrate. The environment looks like a futuristic scene from the 90s but the food is timeless. Half the menu is for sushi, the other half for cooked food. 
I say come here for celebration because you will be prepared to spend money. The price is fair for the amazing quality of food and I wasn't feeling any regrets about the portion size. I tried both the sushi and cooked items from the menu. I recommend the spider roll and lettuce wraps. Washed it down with a Sake Mojito. 
I would love to come here again and try more.Loved Pod, It was my first time there. The place was packed as usual. Make a reservation, if you're going with a large party. Great for after hours or lunch with a friend, which I did that day. I ate at the Sushi bar, which has sushi rotating on a conveyor belt on the table that you can grab and sample, prices vary for each sample by the plate color from I think $2-$6, the chart is on the tables. Very Very good. I think I'll go back just for the sushi bar and drinks. I had the macadamian nut chicken, it wasn't my favorite but it was one of their more popular dishes. I preferred the chicken and shrimp egg roll appetizer in wasabi mustard, my mouth waters just thinking about how good that was mmmmmmm. So yes Pod I'll be back and excellent excellent waitress service the bartenders could be more attentive, but i understand it was very very busy in there. Kudos to them as well.My boyfriend and I went there for Valentines Day.The decor was beautiful as usual.It was my first time back in 4 years and it was just as delish.I would have gave it five stars but the sushi rolls were lacking in size for such a high price.The food is really amazing,it's a shame because you have to order a lot of food in order to get full.My boyfriend had the ramen and it was a great portion and really good.Also stay for dessert because everything is great.The drinks are also a bit over priced so I recommend bringing a bottle before hand.It is definitely a cool spot to go to at least once!I went to Pod with my folks a few days ago, and we had a wonderful time. The variety and quality of the food was excellent, and the wait staff were fantastic. We ordered quite a bit of food, but the arrival of our dishes was well staggered so we never felt rushed to eat one thing before the next arrived. The sashimi was quite tasty, as was everything else we ordered. 
I notice that everyone has talked about the "trendy" atmosphere. I have no idea what that means, but the design is very creative, and the lighting is especially interesting. The plastic chairs were more comfortable than I would ever imagined was possible.
Overall, an excellent experience. No complaints.
Pro tip: Pod is right next door to a hotel with a valet, so it's very easy to get a cab.I am a big time lover of Stephen Starr and his restaurants and have been for quite some time now (even had my wedding catered by Starr).  I LOVE going to Pod at around 9:30 PM and on because it's so damn easy to get seated and the service is (usually quick).  This past Saturday I decided to make reservations for 7:30 PM because I was going out later with friends.  Holy shit.  Biggest mistake ever.  
We waited ONE HOUR to be seated!!!!  What made me even more angry is that the hostess smiled and lied to my face initially and said it would "JUST 10 MINUTES!" Yeah, ok.  Why lie?!  There was a HOARD of people waiting for their tables for this entire hour so I'm sure many others were in the same boat.  
I'm giving 4 stars because this is my late night spot go-to and even though the service pretty bad at 7:30 pm, I still LOVE the food.
This time we got the crab spring rolls which were DELICIOUS! 
I typically get the same dishes each time I go which includes the kobe beef (to die for) that is cooked table side, either the wasabi crusted filet mignon or miso glazed sea bass, one of the rices, and the fluffer nutter for dessert.  You CANNOT go wrong with any of these dishes.
Each time I go I do try to order one new dish to try.  Last time I had the corn as a side and it was really good. The corn had the perfect amount of spice and was grilled to perfection.  It was the perfect sized portion.  
If you are trying to eat lightly, go for the thai salad.  The portion is large enough that you will be full but it isn't heavy. Plus, it tastes great for a salad. 
Also, I strongly suggest getting any of the rices.  The seafood rice is lacking some flavor but all the others are very tasty and almost impossible to stop eating.
Finally - what is with the 16 year olds coming there that are dressed like they are 25?!Excellent Sushi. The ambience is very unique. Lots of attention to detail. Servers were really courteous. 
I tried out the crab rice too and loved it. I found the serving quantity more than sufficient. YmmvBeen there twice for dinner, and I think it's very average  in terms of food. I had sushi combination and other Asian fusion cuisines and didn't find anything special. 
The decor is impressive. I love the modern style interior here and it's a decent place to creat some memory.I went to this place on Saturday.  The desing of the place was not the greatest, the plastic chairs were not the most comfortable, however, the food and the serve were great! 
We ordered albacore sushi and Rio Grande roll, they were excellent! Also, I ordered sea bass and japanese sweet potatoes, and it was great! My hubby ordered kobe skirt steak, it came without a side dish, which we did not realize, so the sever brought out wasabi mashed potatoes within minutes.  It was great! 
For desert, we got their new item, cheesecake, it was delicious.  
The food may be a little on a high side, but it's worth it.Good food! Great Service! Parking was valet, the wagyu beef appetizer was amazing(Pricey but its worth it.) sushi was alright, could have been better.
But overall dinner was good!Food here is EXPENSIVE!!
We tried out some sushi rolls and entrees which were pretty good. The kobe beef slices served on a hot rock was fun to try and it did melt in your mouth, but everything else here seemed way overpriced.
On a side note, the bathrooms are totally designed like a bathroom in an airplane. Take that as you will.The sushi here is not the best. I ordered the chef special and it came it brown rice. What a terrible mistake. I hate when they use brown rice on sushi. Even though it's more healthy it doesn't taste like sushi anymore. The bathrooms are each their own stalls in a colorful hallway.I'm not really a sushi fan, but the BF loves it--so this place is a good compromise for us. 
I really enjoyed the crab spring rolls. Love, love, love the Green Martini. I had 3. Consequently, my recollection of the entree is a bit hazy...HMMMMMM.... it was OK!  yes, cool decor. yes, half decent waiter & other team members. yes, a bit too costly for a few items!
peace & conservationI went there many times, alone and with group. The food was excellent as usual. My wife and I dined there on New Year's Eve between 5:30 pm and 7:30 pm. It was moderately crowded, but not noisy, since U Penn students are away!  I was surprised to see a lot of children.  I did not know they were children friendly.  My children went to U Penn and they love to visit that area.   I may take my grand-kids when they visit.While a bit pricey, Pod is a great restaurant to take someone from out of town to. It's all about experience here. The atmosphere, design by Karim Rashid, is fun and funky. The service generally is great, and the food isn't bad. The cocktails are totally vibrant and funky, and there sushi bar rocks!I like this place a lot. The interiors are neat, the bar looks cool, and the constant anime (or daft punk videos) playing on the screen behind the sushi bar is awesome. Great place for a date if you don't mind the noise.
Drinks-wise, the sake mojitos are bangin. Remember to ask for a double.
As for the food, pretty much everything I've eaten here has been ridiculously tasty. My favorite by far is the duck two ways. Roasted duck breast cooked perfectly, accompanied by duck served in a bao bun? All about it. The sauce is great, too.
Their special sushi rolls are creative and delicious; I love the shiro-aoi - spicy white tuna and avocado topped with hamachi and jalapeño. Other menu standouts include the braised beef short rib over udon noodles (meat is unbelievably tender), and the lettuce wraps.
Definitely a good place to try if you're down with S. Starr and you like Asian fusion.Last night I came here for my sisters birthday.  It was great. We sat in one of the large private pons and enjoyed a delicious meal with great drinks. 
She had called ahead to order off a set menu and it was incredible. They started with salad, Sushi, dumplings, fish on sweet potatoes with rice (to die for) chicken lettuce wraps, and then desert which was marshal low and peanut butter spring rolls, ice cream in a delicious putty shell and hot lava cake . It was so much food and each thing that came out was better than the last. 
I would recommend this place for large groups and I would record ordering ahead. Everything came out on time and we were never waiting. What a great place. 
Only thing was it did seem to be a little dead outside our pod. But with the private rooms it is like you are the only people there and it was a blast. Not to mention it changes colors as you push the buttons around you.Meh. The decor seems really dated and unclean to me. I was expecting different from the pictures. The sushi we ordered was really disappointing. I'd rather get sushi from whole foods or wegmans. Grilled cauliflower and eggplant were ok. The best thing we had was the pork belly buns and unfiltered sake (soo good, but it was $45 for a 8 oz carafe).Been here several times. Food always very good and probably my favorite Starr restaurant (some Starr restaurants I hate!). Best to make a reservation or you'll get stuck at the more sucky instead of the more better tables. If you can't get a good table, better to sit at the sushi bar where you can also order from the regular menu. Can't think of anything I don't like to eat here - all good.Finally got around to eating here, after working in its proverbial backyard for years. The decor is futuristic and fun; the bathrooms are reminiscent of airplane's. But you aren't reading this for a bathroom review, so on to the food. We came for lunch with a party of 8...the place was packed! We started with dumplings, edamame and tempura, all of which we inhaled. My sushi loving co-workers enjoyed their selections. 3 of us got sea bass bento boxes, which were delish. I had a white peach/mint soda....could have inhaled 3 of those suckers. The prices are somewhat high for lunch, but I wasn't paying ;o) Our service was slow and kind of spotty. All in all, a very nice respite from the workplace grind!I didn't like this place because it was on Penn campus and tended to attract a certain subset of students. Food itself is good though and the place has a funky vibe.First time to pod and I sat at the sushi bar.  Service was S L O W... so be prepared to wait.
I was intrigued at the conveyer belt for sure.  I was thinking "I'd love to have this in my house."  For what purpose, I have no idea.  The sushi on the conveyer belt, not so great.  Not a whole lot different than the stuff sitting in your grocery sushi take out section.
Now, on the other hand, some fresh made ordered rolls...really fresh a good.
Folks sitting next to us had some really nice looking entrees coming out, calamari salad and a shrimp fried rice.  Hmmm, maybe I should have taken that path...possibly next time.I love this place. Great service with an amazingly trendy and classy atmosphere. Every time i come here, i order something different and am never disappointed. I love their wok charred items and how they pretty much have every meat and vegetable available wok charred. I really cannot rave enough about the atmosphere of this restaurant though, it is extremely sexy.The decor is interesting. The seats in the main dining room are literally like pods with neon lights. It reminds of what a ride in Tomorrowland at Disneyland might look like. 
I was in town for a business meeting and held a large group dinner in the private dining area in the back. It was really nice that they have such an area which gave us our privacy with a sliding door. That space held our group of 40 or so quite comfortably.
Dinner consisted of a number of appetizers, main entrees and a dessert platter. Here are my thoughts:
APPETIZERS:
Sushi roll platter with California roll, Philly roll and eel with avocado roll: I didn't like this very much. The restaurant does have a full sushi bar and off this platter, I can tell their sushi isn't likely great but they were edible enough. 
Pan-fried dumplings: So delicious and juicy. 
Beef skewer with chili sauce: So good. 
Watercress salad: I love watercress so this was much appreciated. It was topped with something I couldn't identify...cheese? Bread crumbs? I don't know but whatever it was, it was good. 
(At this point, we were pretty full already because the quantity in each platter was really generous). 
ENTREES:
Tofu with udon: Good. Tofu pieces were of the soft variety, battered and lightly fried. 
Chicken stir-fry with veggies and steamed rice: This reminded me of sweet and sour chicken except the sauce is more savory sweet. It was tasty but compared to the other proteins we had on the menu, it was my least favorite. 
Black cod: This was soooo good. It was buttery and cooked to perfection. Served beneath it was some Chinese you choy. 
Filet mignon: The steak was cooked to perfection and the sauce it sat on was amazing. It was served with vegetables which I didn't try. 
DESSERT:
We had a huge platter of sweets which consisted of a chocolate molten cake in the middle (way too dense for my taste), a variety of ice cream mochi (OK, but they melted too quickly), banana and peanut butter rolls with chocolate sauce) didn't have any of this). 
My colleagues made sure we had plenty of food so a lot of it was left over where we sat. I would definitely consider returning here in the future for the cooked food. It exceeded my expectations. 
The wait staff was fantastic.Yeah....over-rated. While the atmosphere of the restaurant is completely beautiful and modern, I'm not so sure that makes up for everything else. I'm a huge fan of Asian fusion so I've had my fair share everywhere I visit. Pod is just not that great. I've had completely tasteless soup here (I took it home to my nephews who stated it was the best ramen they ever had, which I'm sure doesn't speak much for it), potstickers are average. These are types of things I feel that a fusion restaurant should make effortlessly. I am a fan of the crab fried fried rice though. The drinks I could completely skip as well. I tried all of the "color" martinis and if I had to choose I'd recommend the red or green. Overall, if you're looking to just be trendy and cute to upload photos to instagram or something this place is cool. If you're looking for high quality and flavorful food then you should pass. It's also way overpriced for the quality of food.I've been to POD several times but I recall one time last may. My sister and I ordered the wasabi filet, sushi and shrimp tom yum soup. Everything was delicious, unfortunately I found fruit flies in my soup. I didn't want to make a scene and told my waitress, she took it away and apologized. The manager (dark hair with glasses) comes up to me and apologizes and said "you know, its summer." was that the answer to why there was flies in my soup? They offered me another soup, I said no thank you. They offered free dessert but I didn't want any, and they refused to take the soup off my check. So I paid for the soup I didnt want to eat. The food here is good, unfortunately the incident that happened to me a year ago wasnt.Walking into Pod, I had high expectations.  The atmosphere is top notch, and as I soon discovered, so is the service.  Since we made a reservation, we didn't have to wait long for our table - a cute cutout for two in the main dinning area.  Our waiter greeted us prompt, offered water, and asked if we'd like drinks.  We passed on drinks and decided to review the menu.  He came back to check on us in a few minutes, but we were helplessly lost and asked for a few more.  Again he returned and when we still weren't ready, made it clear by his actions that he had no intent on rushing us.  Still, at this point I caved and asked for recommendations - after all, I was there to eat!  Crab Spring Rolls, Lobster Roll, and Rock n Spicy Tuna were then on their way.
The food comes out as ready, with the spring rolls first.  They were good, but nothing to rave about.  The dipping sauce that accompanied them actually made more of an impression.  Once the sushi rolls arrived, we quickly dug in.  They too were good, but nothing amazing.  The spicy tuna didn't have much spicy to it and the lobster was a bit chewy.  We finished off with some Mochi ice cream for dessert. 
Now to run the formula rating in my head... great service, decent atmosphere, average food, and low value (price/food experience) means I see this one netting in the middle.Fancy place but nothing special to be honest. I've had better sushi and their entrees were quite sub par. Wouldn't really recommend the place.I didn't really know what to expect from an Asian restaurant named Pod. However, from the moment I walked in I liked Pod. They have a distinct theme and seem to stick with it throughout the dining experience. The food was great, I particularly enjoyed the crab fried rice and the spicy tuna rolls. The service was decent, although it was clear she was trying to upsell us and unhappy we didn't order drinks or dessert. I think it is a little bit overpriced, but i do not think that would stop me from coming back.A reliable standard in University City, Pod has a cool decor with funky colored lights and a hopping happy hour crowd. This is a great place to meet for drinks or for a special meal. The sushi is very good, and so are the other menu offerings, including small plates, grilled items, ramen, and larger main dishes. The tempura rock shrimp with pineapple and walnuts is a favorite. The crab fried rice is also very good. The sizzling garlic mushroom dish comes out on a hot platter and really is sizzling; it's delicious.Came here a few weeks ago for a friend's birthday. In our group, we ordered a large variety of dishes. I tried the pork belly steamed bun, monkfish and kimchi hot pot, macadamia chicken stir fry, udon noodle and tofu stir fry, and the grilled asparagus. All the dishes were okay...I liked the chicken stir fry and the udon noodles. I say liked, as in I thought it was good but nothing I'd return for. I couldn't finish my monkfish and kimchi hot pot because after 2 bites, I just didn't want to eat it anymore. It didn't taste awful but I didn't like the taste enough to keep eating it. My friends had the beef ramen and that was good. Another friend had the filet mignon which was overcooked. He asked for medium rare and got well done. The server brought him another one and though this filet looked more like medium-medium well, it still wasn't medium rare. 
Service was good, ambiance is interesting and we all had the special cocktail of the day (can't remember the name but it had gin and champagne) and it was delicious. It's an overly expensive place with mediocre food. May be a good spot for a cocktail/drinks.Decor is.now outdated. I would like.to.see things newer and cleaner. The.food wasn't good enough for the price I paid. Overall,.I'm didsapointed I spent that much money for OK food.  The nice service was the best part of the meal, even if it was a bit slow.For the price, I think it deserves only 3 stars. It's a more fancy and better quality chinatown-type-food restaurant. Don't get me wrong - the food was good but it wasn't good enough for the price. I love Amada & Zahav & Morimoto - the food at those places is AWESOME and well worth the money!
We had the white tiger roll sushi, which was good. The karaage (fried chicken) reminded us of KFC! It was certainly very well cooked but it was just fried chicken. The sizzling garlic mushrooms were really good. The lamb and the crab fried rice were alright.
I wouldn't go back!The Pod ..  For me it's my go to place for sushi. It gets  no better   I love this place the staff,  the location and the FOOD !Nice server is all there was to this meal. Extremely unflavorful, tasteless food. The sweet pea and mushroom dumpling was thick and lacked texture and flavor. The udon noodle stirfry, similarly, was completely flavorless. The speciality sushi rolls were ok, but for $18 a roll, we've had much better at morimoto and fat salmon. The bokchoy side was fresh and refreshing, but a good side seldom counts for a good meal. The worst part - dessert. A Starr restaurant cannot afford to get something as basic as a chocolate lava cake wrong, but Pod did. It was barely warmed, completely dry, stale tasting and looked like a chocolate muffin that was picked up from Jo Shmo's bakery five days ago.  At $45 per head without alcohol, this was one terrible pick.Was taken out to lunch here months ago.  Wasn't enchanted by the interior or slow service, but the watercress salad and tempura rock shrimp were really good.Great atmosphere.... Great food! The lamb chops are to die for. Last night I also tried the lobster and duck fried rice. Excellent!!! Never had a bad experience. Great go to place for happy hour also!Pod usually never fails and it's one of my favorite places to go on campus.  I usually order sushi rolls or get the seafood fried rice + bok choy.  The bok choy here is typically top-notch and way better than even chinese restaurants in Chinatown.  My friends and I usually order the bok choy to share even if we each order our own mains.  Today was a disaster: I took one bite and didn't want to eat the rest.  It was overcooked and not flavorful.  When I told the server, she did not charge me for it (which is great) but I left feeling sad/disappointed that a good dish is ruined!This place is so overrated.  Every time someone thought it was a (very) special occasion at work, we would go to Pod.  I would order something that I had never tried before.  It would taste good, not memorable.  I would look at all the chic white chairs and random neon glowing and be a little disappointed about modern fusion Asian whatever.
I did go once with a sales rep after a business transaction, and he went to town with the chutoru sushi and shared.  Yes, it was delicious, but duh.  It better be at $18 a pair.
It's like a kid bragging to his friends that he brought a hooker to the prom...  The place is trying to hard.  Not only that but it's giving out this faux vibe to get this message out that they are in, but I'm just not feeling it.  Yes, I am capable of boiling a bowl of soybeans in their pods and adding salt.  Thanks for marketing it as edamame and marking it up 10X over since it sounds Asian.
I only went for work lunches.  Maybe the too cool for school kids only came out for dinner?  Maybe I'm just not into the whole concept of grouping a hodgepodge of "Asian" food and making it "modern."  Sushi was sushi before this country existed.
Three stars since I can't complain about the food or excellent service, but didn't really dig the vibe.It's ooookay. I would never elect to go here by myself, but with parties, yes. It's just that Steven Starr thing I'm not that big a fan of, prioritizing atmosphere over food. 
Yes, it's futuristic and trendy, with decent food, but that's all it is - decent.
I've come a couple times for parties, and each time I've left satisfied but now wowed.
I do give them points for their short rib robata, though. It's tender and flavorful, and I've always been a short rib fan. Their miso glazed sea bass is also pretty good. Sea bass is my number one favorite fish, and they do a good job with it. (It's also priced to match the flavor - expect to pay a pretty penny for this one.) Shrimp pad thai is okay. Something I could find in a less-expensive restaurant.
Chocolate bread pudding for dessert is delicious. Follow it with the ice sculpture sorbets for a palate cleanser. Don't go for the fluffer nutter spring rolls, however - those were cloyingly sweet.Great cuisine, atmosphere, and service. We brought a birthday cake and it was presented without cutting fee at our request. Entire experience was special.I ordered Gyudon. It cost $14 or $16, I forgot exact price. For me this was not Gyudon. This was something different.
Biggest and fatal mistake of this dish is the Rice. They do not use Japonica rice. It must be Jasmin rice or Basmati rice. I like JAsmin rice and Basmati rice when I eat Chinese food or Indian food. But no for Japanese.
This restaurant is fusion restaurant. They may have invented new style Gyudon. I want to believe they prefer Jasmin or Basmati rice TASTE to Japonica. I do not want to believe they prefer cheap Jasmin or Basmati Cost to higher Japonica rice cost.. 
I hope there are many customers who like their style, but not for me.The food here is good but too expensive (i.e. overpriced).  However, I strongly recommend POD as a great place for cocktail drinks and appetizers.  
When I went here with my father for appetizers and drinks when I first came to Penn, we admired the cool "space-age" decor, and funky artistic lighting and media theme.  The atmosphere makes this a fun place to get a drink with folks from out of town (and I've continued to suggest it for such occasions).  They have a creative drink menu, and cool booths to sit and chat in, before going elsewhere for dinner.  
Don't get me wrong: POD is not a bad choice for dinner.  My dishes are always tasty, and service is excellent.  I almost always order a seafood entree for dinner.  But I was disappointed by how loud the restaurant is for having group conversations, so I don't recommend it as a place to take invited speakers at Penn. Other nearby restaurants, like White Dog, Distrito, and so on, are better suited for group discourse.  Nonetheless, at the end of the day, POD is a fun place to try in University City!I visited Pod for the first time recently for a friends birthday. This friend is a quarter Japanese and so it was decided among us that we would go to Pod...for Japanese. Now I'm not a sushi fan. I tend to lean towards the Chinese side of Asian cuisine, nonetheless, I was excited to visit another Stephen Starr spot. 
We entered with one goal in mind...securing a pod. We wanted to eat in one!! You can book one in advance if you agree to spend a set dollar amount. We couldn't promise we would spend that much so we had no reservation, only hope. 
When we got there, we told the hostess we were interested in a pod and she said if one was available or opened up, we could have it. We told her we would wait at the bar...and we did....for 45 minutes until our glorious pod was free. 
The fun thing about partying in the pod is that you basically have a private room. You can change the color of the room by pressing buttons on the wall. After a few minutes, our eyes were so warped from the lights, we couldn't tell what color was what. In fact, at the end of the night, our friend gave his coat back to coat check saying that the coat wasn't his....that his coat was a different color. Turns out his eyes were just messed up. 
I ordered the Kobe beef cooked table side and it was delicious. The ribs were tangy. The drinks were tasty. I hear the sushi was excellent. 
It was a great experience overall. I'd go there again if someone invited me. It is pricey to eat in basically white Ikea decor with fancy lights, so be prepared.My absolute favorite place in Philly!
Three must-haves:
Pod Lobster (orgasmic good...)
Rockin Spicy Tuna
Chocolate pudding
The staff is super nice. I am also able to get the chef to make me some off-the-menu concoction based on my individual fantasies! Very cool!
Did I say that the ambiance just rocks!!!
Hands down the best sushi rolls I have had --ever---Morimoto not withstanding!!I've been to this place a couple of times, and the food is good depending on what you order. I'm kind of a picky eater so I won't hold that against the place, but there were only a couple of dishes that I liked (the sea bass is AMAZING). The place itself was pretty cool, more of a futuristic design - especially with the bathrooms! It's a cool place overall.Food was great. A bit pretentious and the wine prices are unusually high.Wow the ambiance is very different, in a good way. Its very eclectic and seemed kind of like The Jetsons. Also, Pod is very noisy which is fine with me because I love a lively place. Unfortunately, I have only been here once and it was great. I ordered macadamia chicken stir-fry and crab fried rice. Expensive but worth it.Hungry for sushi?  Grab two or three of your friends and head over to Pod, an Asian "fusion" restaurant in the heart of the city.  You'll feel like you're stepping into the pages of a magazine, given the modern feel of the...well, pod, that you're experiencing.  I've only been there for lunch -- but I recommend the chicken lettuce wraps and a house salad (big enough for two to share) for starters!  Just don't look to get too full from  the fare.  I definitely was ready to snack by the time I got back to my office. :-bI've come more than a few times, and each time has been consistently great. The chicken lettuce wraps and the yellowtail sushi are particular favorites, but I can't say I've had anything that wasn't really really good. Service is very professional as well. 
It has an interesting ambience, and if you have a group, definitely try to call a few days ahead and get one of the group 'pods'...otherwise you'll sit outside your entire meal feeling jealous as they change the colors inside. 
The only reason why it isn't 5 stars is because I've had similar quality sushi for cheaper and the ambience can feel really gimmicky the 5th or 6th time you come.It was really good! We had the chicken, pad Thai, some sushi rolls, the crab egg rolls, and the spicy fried tuna. We also got to sit in the pod (the table) which was super fun! You can change the color of the pod too. Sitting in the pod was awesome. But the prices were a little too high for a sushi place. Not surprised given it's Steven star tho!When I go to Philly, this is my go-to sushi spot. The rolls are all very fresh and well presented. My fave, which I cannot for the life of me get anywhere else, is the salmon, cream cheese and mango roll. Not traditional at all, but I had it the first time I went and absolutely loved it. Try some of the random special ones, they're all good. The only hot food I've had was the calamari which was give or take, but I'd get it again if a friend suggested. Tip: Ask for the sushi menu. They never automatically give it to you for some reason. 
Eat in or take out. Worth the fairly reasonable price for the atmosphere and reliably good.Pod is not all that. I had been there some years back and loved it. Things have changed. The sushi was good, but there is much better in the city.  The food dishes were lackluster. Small portions and big prices.I know times are tough, but yikes. To top it all off the service sucked. ( They really need to learn how to wait tables there)They are off my list.I was lucky enough to have the opportunity to taste many different plates thanks to being invited by a very generous host. All I can say is WOW.  It's not only one of the most visually appealing restaurants I've seen in terms of style and decor but the food was unforgetable. Every single plate was exquisite; even the tofu, and I hate tofu. Pod is the best asian restaurant I have ever been inside or heard of. I would definitely recommend it if you find yourself in Philadelphia. Apparently a lot of celebrities frequent this spot.My wife and I were in town to celebrate my birthday, and a friend had recommended Pod so we decided to check you guys out.
     The first thing you notice in any place of business, but especially upper scale restaurants, is the decor. The minimalistic yet sleekly middle 60's mod vibe was a breath of fresh air and very pleasing to my eye. The hostess and I discussed this briefly and she was articulate and exceddingly gracious. She sat us quickly after explaining the bar area, where she said that even though we reserved at table, we were welcome to sit there.
     Quick little aside about that bar area. While we did not stay for drinks, the bar and barseating is excellently designed. Unless you guys are massively crowded, there seems ample room for those just enjoying cocktails to sit or stand and have a conversation without interfering with diners. Kudos on good design.
     Now back to our lunch. We sat down and within minutes, our waiter Michael was there asking our drink orders. He even made a recommendation for me to order the blood orange soda drink when I was leaning towards the vanilla ginger. He was completely honest with me as I was thinking the ginger vanilla would be like a cream soda but Michael said the ginger taste comes through quite noticeably. It turns out his suggestion was correct, as that orange drink was utterly delicious. We proceeded to order our lunch. We had a few questions, which Michael answered without missing a beat and without making us feel he was upselling us the most profitable dishes. Lunch was served and Michael continued to be attentive to us while still giving us time to eat. At one point, he even stopped when I flagged him down as he was rushing off to another table he knew were in a rush. I cannot speak highly enough of the professionalism and coutersy Michael showed us. We have eaten at fancy restaurants in NY, Boston, Miami and many other places and Michael would be at the top of the list of servers we had.
     We also were planning on going to dinner later that night. The manager went out of his way to call Talula's Garden and get us a reservation. I have no idea if Pod is affiliated with Talula's Garden, nor do I care. But the fact he did this without provocation was incredibly tactful and kind. Your hiring practices are exemplary and wish whoever is in charge of it gets praise as well.
     We tipped Michael 25 or 30%. I only mention this because my philosophy is if the server is nice and prompt, I will always give 20%. Only those who go above and beyond get extra and I wish I was wealthier so I could have given 100% tip.
     Now decor and service are definitely part of a good dining experience, but when it comes down to brass tacks, the food is the star of the show. I ordered sea urchin sushi, the lamb tskune, and baby bok choi. My wife had edamame, yellowtail sashimi, and the Pod Lobster roll. While everything was fantastic, a few things stick out as being that "Oh Wow" dish. First would be the Uni. To me, how a restaurant serves Uni and Toro lets you know immediately how good a sushi joint they are. What I received was amazingly scrumptious and beat even Nobu's. I am now sad I did not order the toro, as if it was as good as the sea urchin, I would have been in paradise. 
     The second item that was terrific was the Lobster roll. I personally never order sushi rolls because I feel they, one ruin the taste of the fish (call me a sushi snob, I don't because it is the truth :)) and generally lack creativity. But this lobster roll is the exception. The tempura lobster and unagi complemented each other exquistely and dipped into the truffle teriyaki sauce brought it to a whole new level. I want to get a tub of the sauce and put it on steaks and fish when I cook!
     The last outstanding item was the baby bok choi. It may seem odd as it is a 7 dollar side dish, but when the simple and cheap menu items are given the same care as the most expensive dishes, you know you are eating at an establishment that cares about everything they put out. Gordon Ramsay would have nothing to yell about if your chefs were on his TV shows!
     So to sum up, you guys absolutely nailed it. To everyone who helped us, I want to say thank you. You deserve recognition for representing your place of work so very well and I would be first in line to help you negotiate for a promotion. It is rare these days to find the whole package while dining out and I freely admit I am a bit jaded when it comes to restaurants. But too often, customers only complain about bad experiences and neglect praising good ones. I could not let any of this go unnoticed. Thank you for making my birthday a bit brighter and hope to be back soon.I LOVE Pod.  One of my favorite things about Pod is that it is what you want it to be. If you're with your family, it's a family place. But if you're with friends for a cocktail, it's a trendy bar. The menu is is as large as the portions! The set up is ultra modern, most of which you can see from Samsom Street looking down. The prices aren't all that bad considering it's upscale ambiance. My one complaint is that there are few healthy options (I'm a big fan of large salads). 
I highly suggest getting a big group together, and you'll get one of their exciting "pods" where you can control the color, and most significantly, you'll feel important.Mediocre overpriced sushi, good american food like rack of lamb.  Ambiance is fun but the physical space is showing wear and tear.Pod is a cutesy place. Just like the name, it is filled with pods, from the seats at the tables to the bathrooms.
The staff was all very friendly and attentive. Our waitress began by inquiring about our allergies and took notes, and made sure to advise us through our meal. The bus boys always asked before taking anything away. And, the manager checked in on us.
The food was pretty good. We had the shrimp and vegetable tempura, which was a very large portion. The tempura sauce was a little bit on the citrus side. Personally, I would have preferred it wasn't.
I also had the miso soup. It was on the larger side, as it should be for $7. It tasted pretty good, but nothing to write home about.
For my entree, I had the small sushi. This was actually pretty good for the price. There was about 7 pieces of sushi and two rolls, 6 pieces each. I really appreciated that the menu fully exposed what pieces of sushi I was getting. So often places post that it's the chef's selection and won't tell you what it is.
This was topped off with the cheesecake, which was on the small side. But at this point I was so stuffed, it was best that way.
All in all, the food was decent, but I've had better. I think the prices are more set as if it's one of the best in town, when average is more like it.I came in with a party of 6, and we each ordered an appetizer and a main dish to share family style. It was a Tuesday night, and the ambiance was nice - good for us to have a good chat. I particularly liked the fish dishes. Service was fairly timely.
The final bill is on the pricier end, so I wouldn't go here very frequently. But once in a while is nice.by far the coolest looking resturant in philly. you really feel like you are in a spaceship. the food is top rate and service is fast. prices kinda high, but i may have a lower budget than you. worth the experience. no free parking in the area though.Best fancy restaurant in Philadelphia sushi was amazing the pad Thai was great the salad calamari was fantastic and the fried rice was awesome!!!Had a lunch with classmates and professor here! It gots great environment and services! And you can ran into a lot of school fellows here. The food here is Asian fusion style.I had my 21st birthday here almost a decade ago and I've been hooked ever since.  I stop in just about every time I'm in town.  On this visit there was a hiccup with the hostess in that I guess she didn't understand me when I said I wanted a table for 1, but my waiter, Zach's, attentiveness and excellent suggestions made up for it.  Also, the menu never disappoints! I had an amazing salmon sushi special recommended by Zach, my old faithful crab fried rice, and the Asian pear strudel.  In reality, I wish I had seven stomachs so that I could eat my way through the entire menu. This will continue to be my very own Penn tradition.As a student (read "dirt poor") I rarely get the opportunity to dine at Pod, so when the opportunities arises I jump...as high as I possibly can.  Pod's a favorite for happy hours (the cocktails are color-coded, it's the perfect excuse to "taste the rainbow") and lunch.  The crab fried rice "side" is more than enough for a meal...you can easily split this with a friend and still be stuffed.  The crab spring rolls are also a favorite.  
The Kedeki express lunch "boxes" are fabulous...might not be enough if you're starving but definitely a good option if you're craving miso soup plus something else.  Pod is drastically overpriced but with food this good, they know they can get away with it. If you're on a budget, I suggest going at lunch and splitting with friends...best way to sample different things and not have blown your electric bill on dinner. 
Oh yeah...getting a group then sitting in one of the 'pods' is a must! I love love love playing with the lights.The atmosphere is hot, and the drinks are good.  They have a 'sushi conveyer belt' where the sushi keeps moving around the sushi bar and you just pick what you want..pretty sweet
i recommend getting a few pieces of sushi and then splurging on the triple tier chocolate fondue dessert with some friends...its really good and only $15..I came here for dinner on Friday, and it was great. Not too busy and the waitress was clearly in-training (which is totally fine) because we still got pretty good service. We started off with the chicken lettuce wraps. SO worth the 15 dollars. So much chicken, so many lettuce leaves. I would definitely order it again, since sushi can definitely get pricey.
My friends ordered the crab fried rice and the frosty kobe fried rice. The beef was actually frozen when served! Personally I like the flavor of the crab fried rice more than that of the beef since the beef also adds a sort of dry texture to the dish.
We also ordered a few sushi rolls. Nothing special about the rolls. I would actually skip the rolls because they seemed a bit overpriced for the portions, although the quality was indeed good. I tired the corn kabobs (not bad, although the shiso, which is Japanese mint, was super strong).
TL;DR go for the lettuce wraps and fried rice. Cheaper, same quality sushi sushi can be found elsewhere.Enjoyed a great meal here with colleagues while in Philly recently on business. Service was outstanding! Waitress gave spot on recommendations - I highly recommend the dim sum items...we ordered family style & the pork belly sweet rolls, spare ribs, grape leaves, vegetable  tempura and sake were amazing! Kids & college students mixed with couples on a Thursday night at this vibrant mod restaurant. Only reason I didn't score a 5 was because the sushi rolls left something to be desired. Overall a great find!Very delicious Japanese style food! The salad tastes great with tempura in it, and the dressing was just tasty! And I highly recommend the Sashimi and Sushi Combo if you're ok with raw fishes! We all looooove the sea food fried rice~ Healthy place to go~I've been going to Pod for the last 4 1/2 years, and the restaurant has gone from being one of my favorites to..... not so much. 
I used to bring in or eat at Pod at least twice a week; the sushi was always incredibly fresh and the entrees, while not cheap, were at least tasty and priced appropriately. Unfortunately, in the last year or so, I find myself increasingly disappointed with the food at Pod. Not only have nearly all the items on the menu become more expensive, but many have changed for the worse (What happened to the Caesar salad? It used to be twice the size and served with large pieces of fresh Parmesan cheese. Why is the salmon no longer served with mushroom risotto?). 
I am especially frustrated with the quality of the sushi. I want to preface this comment by saying that Pod is the restaurant that initially turned me onto sushi; the rolls were large, and consisted of a single, unadulterated piece of fish. Now the sushi (particularly the rolls) is fatty and consists of shreds of fish pushed together; and to make matters worse, the coloring is off, suggesting that it is not nearly as fresh. It's almost as if they decided that they could get away with serving the worst parts of the fish in the rolls because between the rice and the seaweed, who would notice?
Sometimes I think that Pod operates on the premise that since it has a captive audience of Penn students, who cares? I continue to return to Pod every so often in the hopes that it will taste as it used to, but my attempts are to no avail. Yes, the atmosphere is fun, and yes, the drinks are creative. But seriously, Pod, can't you do better?I'm went here last night to eat dinner with my family for my birthday. Don't let the great interior design of the restaurant fool you.. While you may be enjoying your time in a futuristic themed place remember you came there to enjoy a delicious meal. Our meals were anything but delicious.. Pod is known for sushi and let me just say I've never had such terrible sushi in my life i got a shrimp tempura roll, spicy tuna, lump crab California and a dynamite roll.. All very common rolls.. But the shrimp tastes like an old hotdog wrapped in rice.. And the rice tasted as if it had glue in it. The dynamite roll was SLIMY and nothing in it. California roll tasted off and tuna rolls had completely wrong seasonings. The rest of my family got fried rice and pad Thai, they were not pleased at all. This place is over priced and does not know how to create an enjoyable meal.. I will never go back again.Hip place. Great service, very efficient and pleasant. We were seated right away and upgraded to POD seating which is the private room with weird lighting. Food is OK, but then again I may be spoiled by great food in NYC.I haven't been back to Pod in awhile. I used to love to come here for some light quick bites before a girl's night out. Came here for University Dining Days with my boyfriend and we had a pleasant time. One of their signature best dishes is the spicy tuna crispy rice. I personally wish there were more jalapenos on it, but it's delicious. I decided to venture out last night and order new things. The lobster pod roll was phenom but there was some weird soy/mayo like sauce next to it that weirded me out. The mayo was floating and i don't know it was too greasy for the roll. I would have been happy with a simple wasabi and soy sauce. The calamari salad was good but not as crispy as I'd like it. The calamari got very soggy from the dressing and don't say that can't be done because I've seen it perfectly crispy at a fellow Stephen Starr restaurant (Continental). I decided to also try the japanese fried chicken which was good! The seasoning on the outside was very interesting with the lemon squirted on top as well. It was fresh, but I just didn't like the spicy mayo sauce on the side. It was too salty with everything combined, I definitely think something more bland like a thai chili based sauce would have been better. Overall, I had a great time here last night but would definitely recommend to tweak their seasonings a little bit.This is our first time visiting PA. This place is just adjacent to our hotel so we wondered in. I'm so glad we did. This restaurant will now be on our must do list when visiting Philly! The food is simply delicious!!! The wasabi crusted filet is absolutely wonderful. My husband and I have never experienced such a wonderful dining experience. Our waiter was Kellan, he was very informative adding the best customer service to our experience. We just loved it!!I absolutely love their sodas. I came here a year ago for my birthday and tried a bunch of specialty rolls, one with a lobster head. I also tried the duck two ways, which was not impressive.I love Pod.  I really do.  For 10 years, I've been going here for fresh sushi, well thought out cooked food, and fantastic drinks.  In college, I was all about the sushi bar and happy hour.  Then I discovered the bento box lunch.  For $15 I could have a great meal and typically have enough food to take home for dinner as well.  Plus, it's affordable for a nice meal with friends or to go pick a prof's brain about something.  
Then I came back for grad school and all of a sudden had a recruiting budget.  This is where I got to know Pod.  Pod Caesar? Best in the city.  Seriously dee-lish. The teriyaki Kobe burger at lunch? Even my mom, who HATES Japanese food, liked this burger.  The Tuna Hand Roll 3 ways?  MMM...although I do chuckle like a 12 year old at the title.  U-Love Salmon special?  You're right, Pod... I do.  And let's not forget the Bao goodness in the Duck two ways... Those of you who actually read my reviews (i.e. Ali E. and occasionally Monica) know I love me some steamed bread.
So with that, a good friend of mine was in town, so I procured a 9:15 for me, him, Ali E, and her beau and we went for some all you can eat sushi.  I got there a few minutes late, and they told me they couldn't find my rezzie and that I was the first to arrive.  I go to check my coat and see a text from my friends that they're already seated.  Hmm. Overwhelmed and somewhat rude host desk.  Good start to the day.  We sit and it's a hot trannie mess in the restaurant.  HUGE plates of maki coming out left and right for the All you can eat festivities.  In terms of selection -- they pretty much had all the basics.  Not the cheap stuff.  Good fresh salmon, snapper, bass (which is actually super tender and not fishy at all here), fluke, yellowtail.  A few shellfishes I don't eat.  Basically your choice of maki, hand roll, or nigiri.  And if you want spicy? sure?  crunchy? sure...well...sort of (my penn roll lacked that quaker crunch).  I don't think we were aggressive enough with the ordering, what with the pay a-la-carte for everything you don't finish, but we ate well.  Waits were long, as we were in the restaurant almost 3 hours for some sushi.   But I was full as hell when I left and very pleased with my meal.DO NOT GO TO ALL YOU CAN EAT Sushi
I was really excited to hear about Pod's promotion for all you can eat sushi. I think in theory it was a great idea. However, in practice it was a nightmare. We had a reservation for 9:45pm, we were seated at 10pm. After following the strict orders about what you can and cannot order, we ordered with our waitress who I must say was really friendly. We waited an hour and ten minutes for 2 maki rolls, 1 hand roll and a few pieces of nigri. The manager came over and apologized for the wait and gave us free pot stickers. We decided not to wait another hour and a half for our second serving of "all you can eat sushi" and left. The staff was nice and only charged us $25 but it still was not worth the price or wait. As we left we could see probably 50 other tables that did not have food either. I would go back, but not for an all you can eat sushi night.As I mentioned in my previous review, I imagined that Pod would have a pretty cool vibe going when the place was busy... Back in the day, I could only imagine such a thing because the place was practically empty during my first visit, despite the fact that it was at 7pm on a Thursday night (and it wasn't any busier by the time I left).
Fortunately, I've been able to confirm my suspicions over the course of a couple visits since then. Went for dinner, went for lunch... Both times the place was packed, and the atmosphere was entirely different, much more comfortable and exciting.
Oh, and the Rockin' Spicy Tuna roll is one of the best I've ever had in all my sushi eating days.The only reason I'm giving Pod two stars is because the chocolate lava cake I had for dessert carried my entire meal. This was probably some of the worst sushi I have EVER had- and I love sushi! I ordered two rolls one of which I had to send back because it had that distinct BAD seafood taste and I was afraid I would get sick if I took one more bite! Between all of our dinner companions I was able to sample a variety of the items on the menu here- all of which were mediocre at best. I went with a large party of people and not only is this place over priced for the quality of food but the atmosphere is tacky. One of our dinner companions described it as out of a tacky NYSNC video. And I won't even get started on the disgusting air plane style bathrooms- Yuck! Don't waste your time coming here if you want good sushi or good food in general- the city has plenty of other good options- venture into New Jersey and try out Sagami if you want the best sushi around!So I originally gave Pod a 2 star review because I think it is below average for the quality of food. But, let me qualify that, if Wharton/Penn Law/ [insert your favorite corporate account] is paying, then its actually a pretty good restaurant.  ok granted free food is generally always (more) delicious but truthfully the food isn't all that bad. It is pricey and not the best value for Philadelphia dining, but certain items are actually pretty good! For example, the crab spring rolls are delicate and savory, a real treat, but for $16 (or $14), I can eat better food in philly.  Also, who pays that much for salted edamame beans? 
I had the lunch sushi combo which was very average sushi and not that expensive because it was on the lunch menu.  The appetizers are much more creative and inventive. If I wasn't paying, I'd give Pod a solid 3.5 stars. But since recruiting season is over (just kidding!),  Pod isn't a place I'll likely come back to. I'd rather save my money and try out buddakhan, sampan, or morimotosMy favorite sushi place in the city. My boyfriend and I have become regulars here and come about once or twice a month when we want good and fresh sushi ! Not only is there sushi great but their entrees are also just as good. Definately recommend for a date night or to Come with friends for a night out ! Service has always been very friendly too :-)My boyfriend wanted to take me to pod to celebrate my new job. He was pretty excited to go here since his coworkers have been heralding this place for months.  We arrived on Wednesday night and pod was pretty busy; we felt as if we'd traveled forward in time to this modern restaraunt. The hostesses greeted us and we were seated within 15 minutes of arrival. Our waiter was efficient. He was knowledgeable but curt; he had many tables but seemed to multi-task well. Our first course, the tempura sushi, was very good. We ordered macadamia chicken stir fry, which my boyfriend loved and garlic shrimp. I ordered the lemon cheesecake for dessert. It was simply divine. I recommend the pink martini although my boyfriend's Tokyo tea was just average. Overall I would return to pod. It would be cool to dine in one of the colored booths and sample more of the delicious items we saw at other tables and wizzing by in the hands of busy waiters. 4.5/5 for pod.Will agree with the mixed reviews below. The food is OK, atmosphere is unique, but hit 40 and you could care less, though the sake mojito was great... for $10 unfortunately. Neat place to try, but I wouldn't go back.Many will be impressed, and put off by the design of this swanky Asian joint. However, all will be put off at the fact that the attitude of the staff reflect the condescending nature of the overall atmosphere created by this restaurant. The food is great, but it is not great enough to deal with the staff. It's strange to find a place in the industry where the staff is so  homogeneous. Imagine a place where entitled white hipsters operate an Asian inspired restaurant. You've just imagined Pod.Every time I've been to POD it has been a great experience. The staff is very friendly, the food is great, and the atmosphere makes for a fun night out. The bass, melts in your mouth, that is a must try. Also, every other dish I have gotten, along with the variety of sushi they offer, has been great!Food - Pretty decent
Atmosphere - Stupidly over the top
Service - Not bad, semi aloof
Price - Don't know why it is so expensive.  Oh right, the electric bill for all the lighting.
Like everyone else said, if you want to eat with people who like to feel made important by sleek interior decor and a waiter that explains how to order off a menu, then this is a great place for you.  Some dishes were great, others underwhelming.  Don't think I will go add it to my regular rotations but would not be disappointed if someone else was picking up the tab and wanted to eat here.We went here for dinner last night for a birthday. The service was extremely slow. My mom had called 3 times before to reserve a pod and someone told her "no problem". When we got there, they didn't have a pod for us because its first come first served. Doesn't make sense and very frustrating since there were two empty pods. The food was good, but our sushi came out by the time some people were done their meals. Wouldn't go out of my way to go here again.I love a restaurant that has a great atmosphere, is fun and has great food, and that's what Pod is to me. In order for me to trek from NJ to Philly, and pay the bridge tolls $4 and the parking fees $15-20 and now gas... I want to be impressed when I come out. The decor of Pod is really futuristic, the hosts are cute and wait staff is great and friendly! this is the type of restaurant thats fun to get dressed up and go to. When my husband and I go out to dinner, we like to try everything so we usually order a few appetizers, then our meals and desserts. I think the last time we came here, we ordered the spring rolls, some tempura, a plate of sushi, and some pad thai and steak. 
Everything was seasoned great and tasty, and cooked to perfection. We have never been disappointed here, we always enjoy ourselves at the Pod!Awesome service, awesome sushi. It's worth the price as it's the only sushi place in University City that serves fresh fish that you can really taste. The last time I was there I ordered the maki/nirigi platter. Each piece of fish was skillfully sliced and placed on a wedge of delicious rice and sealed with wasabi. The cocktails are also delicious and super creative. Highly recommend if you're willing to splurge a little bit for dinner.I came here on a Thursday afternoon for lunch. I've been here numerous times for lunch and each time is has been good. I cannot speak for their dinner, so my review is strictly for lunch. I am not a huge Stephen Starr fan BUT Pod is definitely one to check out. 
We ordered edamame to start and it was so large. Definitely enough for 4-5 people. We both order bento boxes. I ordered the Sea Bass which was perfectly cooked and the miso glaze was wonderful. The box itself was extremely big, I had enough left overs for a second lunch. These are also very reasonably priced.
The restaurant has always been pretty empty for lunch and you definitely don't need reservations. I highly recommend checking it out if you're in the UCITY area.HTTFG!!! = Hail to the Food Gods!
This place is vibeing!  Neat-o lights and decor!  Cool personal bathrooms with green vacancy lights and mood lighting inside.
My work team went here for a outting and I swear we tried everything on the menu from appetizers to desserts.  There wasn't a single thing I didn't love.  The two items that stood out was the Calamari Salad and Cappuccino/Coffee Ice Cream Brownie Dessert.
I swear I ate myself to death here.  Thank god I wasn't paying through, prices are slight above average.  Nonetheless, this is just about the coolest place to bring somebody.  There is also a separate Sushi Bar with a conveyor-belt....  the real deal.
This place is great all around from food; to service; to decor. :DWe went here last night for a pre-Valentines day meal and our food was excellently prepared. The ambience was perfect for a romantic dinner and the service was just right.
I would advise to make use of the coat check as the tables for two were pretty tight.How do you spell HYPE?
The neo futuristic décor and lighting is dramatic and not what one would expect in West Philly.   Reminds me of BLT Steak  and Lever Brothers in NYC.   Drinks at bar just ok.    Service at bar and dining room barely professional.   Food--- average at best sushi--  think  local Chinese restaurant that added a sushi bar.   A high end Beni Hana maybe?     
Sell rating.   Cool place for a cocktail-- that is it.I had to go into the memory vaults to write about this one (a nearly insurmountable task when you only have half a brain).  One reason that I'm relying on memory  is that I choose not to frequent this spot.  The girls weren't bad looking, on my one and only Friday night visit.  Posh places like this bar attract a certain type of girl...lovely to view, difficult to touch and, torture to talk to.  They might as well be aliens visiting from another planet.  Speaking of aliens, this bar looks like the inside of a fucking space ship!  I'm a "meat & potatos" type of guy, I suppose.  When I'm going out, I'm usually looking for a trad. pub, not the set from StarTrek.   Be good or be gone.As others have reported: the all you can eat sushi experience is a shit show.
We arrived for our 9:30 reservation and were told it might be 20 minutes before we were seated. So, right there, you get off to a bad start. After about 30 minutes we were suddenly told that we couldn't stand where we were standing and ushered to another area. Another ten minutes passed before we were seated. 
It was, at one point, suggested that we buy drinks to pass the time. One key way to keep hungry, hungry people from being in foul moods when made to wait? Comp them a stinkin' beverage, don't suggest that they happily endure your unpreparedness
Eventually we were seated. And our waiter promptly asked us what we wanted to drink and took our order, but the fact that one of our party was allergic to shrimp threw a new wrench into the works. While, having had limited food service experience, I understand that this sort of 'all you can eat' deal necessarily leads to a frenzied environment, it truly seems like they could have prepared for the possibility that someone with an allergy might want to participate. They hadn't...and originally told my friend that they could not guarantee that any sushi wasn't contaminated, but that she was free to order off the kitchen menu, which was, you know, not what she came and waited 40 minutes to do.
The situation was positively resolved, but it wasn't without a fair amount of tension and stress. The sushi itself was fine considering the strain all the sushi chefs were under (you don't go to an all you can eat sushi experience expecting the most perfectly rolled maki of your life).
I don't want to sound too grumpy, I do understand that this restuarant probably functions much better under normal circumstances...but the fact that we weren't comped a roll or drink after a 40 minute wait and a 10 minute period in which one of our party might not have been able to eat without risking her life is, well, really annoying. 
(All that said: our waiter was great and management did the best they could, I'm sure)
The end.Pod is the coolest.  Hands down my favorite hip spot when I come to Philly for vacation.  I had the nicest waiter, let him choose my dinner and he got me the special cocktail and plate, and it was knock down delicious and had fantastic presentation.  The atmosphere is just chic and I love it.The food was decent but a little overpriced. It's a nice location but maybe not the spot for a foodie- that said some of the fusion options are worth a look.I have simple tastes when it comes to sushi so I will leave the detailed menu analysis to the other reviewers, but half the reason for me at least to come to Pod was for the experience as much as the food, and in the end neither knocked my socks off.  
The decor is cool....kind of like a futuristic airline terminal.  But the ladies restrooms (which are modeled after airplane bathrooms by the way) left much to be desired in the cleanliness department the night I was there.  (Got that Pod?  For the amount we're paying, we shouldn't feel like we're in a REAL airplane)
Pluses:  Super friendly service (our waiter got a fat tip), deliciously addictive jewel-toned cocktails (I recommend the green one), and the fluffernutter spring rolls were delightful.  
I'm glad to have tried Pod, but I'm not necessarily in a rush to get back.  Another one to check off the list!DO NOT GO TO "ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI" WEEK
I'm currently at my table in pod, suffering through their awful attempt at all you can eat sushi.
We were seated at our reservation time, 9pm, and we have spent about ten minutes eating our first plates of sushi, and 2.5hours waiting while the restaurant grinds to a stop. It is completely packed, and totally unprepared for this.
People have been waiting hours with nothing, and although some are being comped appetizers by an obviously nervous and overwhelmed staff, the general mood is tense and aggravated.
The small amount of sushi that actually made it to our table was good, and the staff is doing well considering, especially our waitress - but the whole situation is a mess and has alienated us and I imagine most of the other patrons. (Table next to us is discussing walking out right now)
They are not equipped for this. What probably started at some pr guy's desk as a way to drum up mid week business has ended up as a huge disaster.  
As I'm typing this people have left, walked out, and turned away round three of free appetizers in disgustJust visited last night for my first time for cousins bday dinner. I was more impressed that I thought I would've been. Interior is very modern and up beat. The food was delish (lump crab California rolls, crab spring rolls, seafood fried rice, calamari salad, and sae bass with mashed potatoes). Only down side was the noise. Way too loud for me but i definitely would visit again.I frequent this restaurant quite a bit, as it's the closest restaurant to my office.
If you're looking for cheap food, this isn't really the place.  But if you're looking for quality food with a cool atmosphere and good drinks, then this is perfect.
A smattering of my favorites and not so favorites ... 
Faves:
- Calamari Salad:  it's HUGE, filling, delicious, light, but still indulgent.  so good!
- Salmon & Avocado Sushi - super fresh and delicious
- Penn Roll - raw fish, but still accessable to those that are new to sushi.  really yum.
- Steamed Pork Belly Buns - there is nothing to say about this but yum.  amazing.
- Seafood Green Curry (lunch special) - lots of food for not a bad price.  good flavor and big pieces of seafood
- Lobster Roll - a bit over priced, but the presentation and taste are awesome and worth it if you feel like a splurge.
- Shrimp Pad Thai - not super greasy like other places.  clean excellent flavor.
- Kobe Beef - this is prepared tableside on a hot rock.  it's overpriced, but again, if you want to splurge, it's worth it for the taste and presentation.
- Fluffernutter Egg Rolls - a decadent way to conclude your meal.  be warned:  it comes with 3, so if you both want 2 rolls each, you can ask for an additional.  they are RICH, though, so I usually only want one.
Not So Faves:
- Tempura Rock Shrimp - not sure what I thought was going to come out, but I wasn't expecting a giant bowl of tiny fried shrimp covered in some sort of creamy sauce.  it was good, but not awesome.
Catapiller Roll - an eel, avocado and mango roll ... I don't know.  I love all of those ingredients, but the last time that I had it, it tasted fishy to me.
- Seafood Fried Rice - this is good, but a bit on the greasy side when compared to how light and non-greasy the rest of the more familiar Chinese dishes are.
All in all, I think Pod is worth it.  I've always had top notch service, it's great for large groups, it's great for private parties (you can have your own room or sit in one of the private crazy light pods!!) and the food is good.  It's up to you how much you spend when you go ... you can get out of there for not so much or you can drop a crap ton of money.
End of the day, I'm a fan.  :)This restaurant has been opened for more than 10 years.  Sushi is not the best but is considered good around West Philly Area. Atmosphere is pretty hippie and loud. It's good for going out with friends and party.Took my boyfriend here for his birthday in June, and was really excited because all the pictures online make this place look so cool. However, we went while it was still light outside and honestly it was nothing special. Everything is made out of plastic and looks cheap. It might be a totally different experience when it's dark out, but I can't attest to that. Also, the food is very expensive. Our meal came out to about $100 and we were still hungry. I got the chicken lettuce wraps and I've had such better lettuce wraps for much cheaper elsewhere. He got the wasabi steak and while he said it was good, it was tiny. We also split the chicken dumplings and they were just ok. Overall a disappointing experience but I would be willing to go back to give it another chance if I went with a big group and if it were later at night.Although I am a huge fan of the design (the restaurant feels clean, sleek, and modern), the food was extremely subpar. My friend and I were seated promptly at a cute window seat, and handed beautifully created drink and food menus. Our waiter was prompt, pleasant, and filled up our waters consistently. However, our experience went downhill from there. I ordered the shortrib bento box, and while I enjoyed my miso soup immensely (it was full of flavor, in contrast to normal watery broth that asian restaurants usually serve), I could barely eat my salad (and I love salad!) or main dish. The first bite of the shortrib was decent, since the meat was cooked well, but the rest of it was much too salty and doused in gooey soy sauce concoction. My friend ordered a salmon avocado roll, which looked small but she said it was fine. Finally, we shared chicken lettuce wraps; I enjoyed the peanut sauce, but again, the meat was much too salty and covered in more sauce! I ate one bite and let my friend take the rest home.
Will not be returning if I am paying with my own money; thankfully, many Penn professors take their students out to lunch here for free, so it would be worth it to come then.When I was at Penn, POD was my go to spot for date night.  At the time, it was definitely one of the nicest restaurants in University City.  Now, older and wiser, it's still good, I'm just not as impressed as I once was.  When a friend suggested it for dinner, I jumped on the chance to go back.  I used to always get the pineapple shrimp tempura, and I'm happy to report that it is still delicious.  That's really the only think I need to order here.  The spicy sauce is kind of reminiscent of sushi spicy sauce and with the sweet chunks of pineapple and the crunchy walnuts it makes for a terrific dish both in taste and texture.  
I also tried some sushi, the spicy crunchy yellowtail, and spicy tuna.  The yellowtail was pretty good, it had slices of jalapeno in it, but was kind of falling apart.  The spicy tuna was very disappointing.  I really couldn't taste any spice, and the tuna itself wasn't that great.   Overall, the sushi was just meh, which is disappointing because its on the pricier side.  Also tasted the kobe beef which is pretty awesome.  Who doesn't love having meat cooked on a rock at the table?My husband and I ventured out of our regular weekend visits to visit a friend who we have missed seeing at our regular restaurant visit our friend Chris is now a manager at POD.  University City is home to a wonderful sort of hidden gem as the signage is small.  Parking is tough but fortunately right next door to POD is the Inn at the  Penn Hotel and they have valet parking and for $20.00 will park your car for you which was great.  POD is different but was a terrific visit the staff was wonderful (which we have come to expect from all Stephen Starr Venues) the bartenders Eamonn and Anthony were very friendly and helpful with suggestions.  Our waiter Jack had great knowledge of the menu and made suggestions that we truly enjoyed.  And of course the managers Jason and Chris greeted us and stopped by to assure that our visit was topnotch!  This is a spot that we are adding to our places to enjoy on a regular basis!  I highly recommend POD to all who are looking for somewhere to enjoy dinner and drinks.I was worried that the whole conveyer thing would be weird, but actually it is a great concept and is great in between your other orders. It is extremely clean fish and comes delivered in a pod so you don't have to worry about someone sneezing or giving you Ebola while its traveling around in circles. The place is very clean and the staff is friendly. I'll definitely be backWent here for a birthday party on a Saturday evening. The atmosphere and wait staff were awesome! We were seated in a pod which was really cool with the way you could adjust the light scheme. I had to knock it down a notch as the food was just ok. The spicy meat ramen was spiced but didn't have any real flavor. The chicken lettuce wraps were good but basic. My wife's sushi was above average but nothing to write home about.I miss this restaurant! !!. Expensive but in my opinion but well worth it. A definite steven Starr favorite of mine. I no longer work in the area but when I do travel in the unversity city area I  look this place up. I enjoyed the food, drinks and it is so fun to create your own lighting/mood experience! !!!.  This place use to get very crowded during after work hours which made it a bit uncomfortable for me. No room to move around. I would definitely suggest experiencing pod at least once during evening hours!Pad Thai was very good and a sizable portion. Sushi was okay, better than average. They had a vegetarian roll, which was nice. Interesting atmosphere. Not necessarily warm and welcoming. It's like futuristic; I felt like I should be on black mirror. Good service. Happy hour only on the top portion of the restaurant.My friends and I were hungry and in the city, and we decided to come in here. Bad idea. I look nice inside but food was over priced.
Afetr spending $100 at this place I was still Hungry.I went here on Sunday night, which was Father's Day and was able to make a reservation for 3 an hour before going which was awesome! The sushi was AMAZING. I got the lobster sushi roll and the caterpillar roll. The lobster roll came with a sauce to dip it in which had truffle oil and some other yummy things - a MUST ORDER ITEM. We also had the chicken lettuce wraps which were great as well. The server was wonderful. The only reason behind 4/5 stars is the atmosphere. I realize this is one of the first Steven Starr restaurants opened up, but it could use a touch up on the ceiling which is falling apart and a little sprucing on the decorations. Other than that we had a wonderful experience!Pod is the perfect place for a date or a girls night out. Everything is cute and chill. I love the lychee martini here. The crab fried rice is my personal favorite. Be sure to call ahead for a 5+ group and request to sit in a podWent on a Saturday night with friends. Turns out they have specials on Saturday nights, and on the evening I went, the special was a $35 13-piece tuna/toro platter. $35 for a plate that includes 7 pieces of toro? A STEAL. It was super tasty--fresh, clean, yum. 
The other stuff we tried included:
-wild mushroom fried rice (yum)
-ramen (meh)
-crab fried rice (yum)
-spicy tuna rolls (no surprises here)
-other assorted specialty rolls (average.)
But the four stars is for the special... will definitely have to make a trip back on a weekend, because apparently they don't offer weekday menu additions.Great atmosphere, great service and delicious food! The maki rolls were great! Must visit!This is a really good restaurant parking is a little tricky and hard to find at times but once you find a spot to park you walk in and it's a pretty mellow mood place pretty cool with the lighting and cool color changing pads they have that you can sit in if you have a party of six or more.My favorite drink there is not on the menu anymore but it's called the red Letche and is amazing my favorite things are the crab appetizer thing is they're crunchy also the wasabi and crusted fillet is amazing and so is the Chilean sea bass definitely have to come here at least oncefrom the moment i walked into this place, i knew i was going to fall in love stephen starr, the man behind some 10+ restaurants in the philly area including the lovely pod. i wholeheartedly admit that the food i had there was pretty standard fare and therefore overpriced for what it was, but who can beat the ambiance and decor? this is the reason for the high rating. pod is like this wacked out futuristic looking restaurant complete with unisex bathrooms where each stall looks like an airplane bathroom, but with a bit more room. the staircase looks like an escalator that doesn't move. the lighting is all over the place btwn the various colors you can choose if you are sitting a pod and the other colors going on in the restaurant itself. the specialty drinks themselves are named by color, each with their own slightly exotic ingredients/mix. 
i am not a native to philly and therefore i am was the prime candidate for this place. it's fun and pricey and not a place to go to over and over. but as a tourist being shown around the area and being taken to a plethora of awesome restaurants (mostly from mr. starr himself), this is definitely a good spot to check out.With a snowstorm upon Philadelphia, travel was not really an option.  However, Pod Sushi Bar was within walking distance to our hotel at UPenn.  
Sushi orders of Maguro (Tuna), Hamachi (yellowtail tuna), Sake (Salmon) were of good size for a reasonable price.  I opted for sashimi to save on the rice/carbs, but others went with the traditional sushi pieces.  For a roll, the Vegan Stephen was selected.  made with zucchini, avocado, squash, eggplant and red roasted pepper this roll was delicious and filling.  It was nice to experience vegan options and less rice while also enjoying vegetables and plenty of protein options.  
Pod was clean and the staff friendly, so I would suggest stopping in when you have a craving for sushi while in the UPenn area.Wow...this place is overpriced, the portions are minuscule, and the staff was rude and extremely sluggish. The bill was $70 for two and we left hungry. The favors were above average, I'll admit, but nothing spectacular. Buyer beware!** 3.5 Stars **
Went here for a business lunch and was satisfied.  The decor is quite remarkable, and despite looking otherwise, the chairs were actually comfortable!  Most of the group got the lunch special, which includes an entree, miso soup, rice and salad.  It was a lot of healthy food, but overall a bit bland.
The service was also quite slow, especially for all the staff that was present.  Seek this place out if you appreciate your servers to be eye-candy.
This place seems most suited for a large group on a special occasion.  The prices aren't unreasonable, and the decor creates a fun atmosphere.  The menu seemed varied enough to satisfy a range of palates.Pod is great for the atmosphere and the food quality is A-OK.  It might be on the pricey end if you are just looking for a quick bite to eat with friends or something.
I always try to get the pad thai since I think that is the most bang for the buck and then some sushi.  All the special rolls are good.  Sushi is always fresh and top quality. Overall it is a decent place.Fancy dinner out on campus! Great sushi and appetizers. the ambience is different and can be cool for the first time, but personally not my type of place to go back several times. Though we kept going back for drinks and late night appetizers here, my friend andI did have a bad experience with a waittress almost 3 years ago. The atmosphere can be a little too stuck up and snobby for my taste. Overall, I'd say food is good but definitely overrated place.Reviewing Pod is like writing a review for the movie "2001: A Space Odyssey": theoretically, yeah, OK, I guess I have no real reason to argue with you if you say that this is what life will be like in the future, but I'm not all that sure I want to deal with it all at once, tonight, while I'm just out to try to enjoy myself and make with the chit-chat over dinner.
First off, it turns out everyone will have bad hearing in the future and therefore need to yell at the top of their lungs while eating. Second, Pod seems to have predicted how inflation will devalue the dollar by 2050 and priced things accordingly. So while Pod might deserve big ups for what it does today, you might not be in the mood for it just now...or maybe next week either...or maybe...ever? But if their service (wow!) and food (tasty bits!) are any indication of what the future is like, may we all live long and prosper. Hopefully by then we'll be accustomed to the yelling, the technicolor backlights, and the price of sushi.Food was great, but that's about it. Loud, slow, and lots of entitled college kids. That said, the food was good enough that I absolutely recommend you give it a try.  Just be ready for the scene.We went here with another couple after rave reviews from several friends.  First ...the food was superb.  We had various sushi rolls (one ordered special and not on the menu and it was no problem) plus pad Thai noodles and a rice dish.  Everything was superb. The service was also stellar. We made reservations online and although it was very crowded due to a function next door at U Penn...we were seated right away.  The only bad thing was the bathrooms.   Each is a separate room, like a 
Plane.  That's not the problem...the issue was they were all filthy.  We all used them and we all commented individually how disgusting they were.  Hair and dirty papers on the floor, mess everywhere.  They clearly had not been cleaned in quite awhile.  They truly were just rank and it left a bad impression on the restaurant.Again with the pod reservation.  They called the day before to confirm my reservation but did not tell me the pod wasnt guaranteed or that there is a fee if I want to guarantee it.  Just tell your customers all of the information and we won't be so mad!
On the bright side I love the food and drinks!One of my all time favorite restaurants. Great food, great service.. Get the calamari salad!Cool chairs, but not for sitting.
So on a recent weeknight I drove out to University City with a recently-acquitted & bail-remitted friend to celebrate and I brought up this establishment. Always eager to try something Starr, we moseyed on in without reservations to grab a bite to eat. Big mistake, as there was some fundraiser being held that night and the place was packed. 
The only available seats were at the sushi bar, so we grabbed what looked to be Playskool barstools and put the meat in the seat. To be fair the rest of the restaurant had what looked to be relatively normal chairs and was decorated rather interestingly. I had never seen a sushi conveyor belt outside of television so I was eager to watch the interlocking metal plates ferry around different sushi concoctions right in front of the bar. After we put in our order my friend & I grabbed a couple sushi plates off the belt and had at it. As we were coming in just for dinner, we were not given a menu describing what each individual sushi entree was (Japanese roulette I suppose) even though we sat at the sushi bar. The plates, however, were easy to find the price of, as they were color coded to a menu solely listing prices.
As the night was to be celebratory, I ordered the kobe beef cooked tableside on Japanese river rocks with ponzu and wasabi appetizer. Whilst cooking the fat/juices from the meat hit me more than a few times, which complemented the growing pain in my lower back from the kids furniture barstool. The kobe beef dish itself was okay, it seemed to be merely a presentation thing. Fifteen dollars should get you more than four slivers of beef, but I digress. My main entree wasn't very memorable, it was some fish special, and my friend wasn't too happy with his miso soup either. Between ye & me, I don't think he had the faintest idea what he was ordering.
Next time I go I'm getting the Chilean Sea Bass for sure, as I've had it at Continental, and I'm skipping the beef on the rocks.This has been the celebratory restaurant for my fiance and myself for a while. He would like me to say that it's his favorite restaurant. Pod isn't my favorite, but I've always had a fabulous dinner. My personal favorite dish is the wasabi-crusted filet mignon. I've never had sushi there that was not fresh, and we are sushi snobs. There are better places in the city if all you want is sushi, but you will not be let down by their selection or quality.
Yes, the decor is modern (I like it). Yes, it's a Steven Star restaurant. Yes, it's slightly overpriced. All that aside, Pod is worth at least one visit.i love pod.  it's a little pricey, but i don't mind going for sushi and dessert.  the music is totally cool and i like the pink drink at the bar (tell them to go heavy on the champagne, i love champagne).  i recommend the fondue tower.  so yum.Interesting to say the least. 
Decor is very futuristic and when I first walked in it looked more like a club, than a restaurant. 
I definitely recommend sitting at the sushi bar. The rotating plates can be s really good deal and the chef will make new plates fresh if you ask. 
Dining off the main menu is too expensive and doesn't offer enough of a portion in my opinion. 
Drink menu is great and reasonably priced.The decor of this place is super cute! And it's definitely great for a big group to have their private space in the few pods they have in the restaurant. The service is great and they were very attentive to our needs. The service was really fast but they didn't rush us out like most restaurants do which is a plus for me.
We had the special tempura shrimp and jalapeno roll, short ribs from the robata grill, chicken potstickers and spicy lobster. They were all good but not great. I guess I expected more given how great the food is in other Stephen Starr restaurants. But I will definitely recommend this place and I will come back again if I crave for sushi or Asian food.Had an early dinner here while in Philadelphia with friends who had raved about this place. Decor was interesting. Seats were not comfortable for me. Shared lettuce wraps and rock shrimp for appetizers, then had calamari salad and rainbow sushi as my dinner. Food was very good and service was top notch. We split the spring roll desert which was surprisingly good. Will defiantly go back again when in the area.Great food, cool vibe. Feeling a little dated in 2017. Ordered the chicken and waygu beef on the robata grill menu. Sushi also looked very good, came w grated wasabi.
Nom nom nomI had a hilarious Happy Hour here. Walked in to meet a bunch of coworkers who were there already, awkwardly positioned in Pod's "bar area." They have these red modular furniture that is neither comfortable or uncomfortable. It's just makes it hilarious for a group more than 3 to sit down, face each other and talk. 
Tried one of the happy hour drinks "white" which wasn't bad.All you can eat sushi on Tuesday nights after 9 p.m for $25. Make reservations!Sort of like any other Stephen Starr restaurant.  Heavy on concept, cool decor, ok food.  What sets Pod apart from every other restaurant that I have ever been to, however, is the fact that they are very bad at accommodating guests with seafood allergies.  I asked the waitress if there was any shellfish in the dish I ordered, (specifically saying "crab" and "lobster") she said no, and I ended up eating a few pieces of sushi that I now realize were heavy on the king crab legs.
I'm not deathly allergic, but I did spend the rest of the night scratching insatiable itches on the toilet.  And what really seals my one-star rating is the fact that the manager was downright rude to me when I stopped by the next day to civilly complain about my experience.  I've generally found Stephen Starr restaurants to be underwhelming, but this experience was positively painful.My favorite sushi place in the city. I know other spots are more famous but in terms of price vs. quality this place is the poop.
Creative food, excellent quality and just an all around great experience.
I have had my birthday here twice with a huge group and a few times on a Monday or Tuesday my g/f and I have gone over and just sat at the sushi bar and pigged out.My husband and I went on a Friday night. The atmosphere was very modern and fun. We has the crab fried rice and Thai chicken wing special. Both were ver flavorful and delicious. Would definitely get both again. For drinks, we had the spiced pear martini (good, but I would rather vodka as opposed to Jim beam ). My husband had the apples N honey cocktail. He enjoyed it but wasn't strong enough for his taste. All in all, great experience, will definitely be back again.I was staying at the hotel next door and wanted somewhere close for dinner.  Pod had decent reviews so I decided to give it a try.  This place is very much form over substance.  It is probably a fun place for drinks with friends but I wouldnt recommend it for dinner for an out-of-towner dining alone.   I had the street noodles and the were decent but nothing to write home about.It's been a while since I've dined at Pod and I was surprised by how it has changed. It's bright white super modern decor is now more of a dingy, sticky gray. Overall, it seemed dirty- the floor, table and menu all had some funky sticky film and the bathrooms needed a good scrubbing. 
Maybe I was just sorta skeeved by the unclean sushi joint feel but, I didn't think the sushi was too great either. We got a spicy tuna roll, that was very good but, the special rolls were just okay. Not tightly wrapped, fell apart and just average. The prices are high for the atmosphere and the not so great tasting rolls. 
The service was very good, our waitress couldn't have been better. Unfortunately, I can't see coming back.Pod is where Penn kids go when their parents come in from out of town to take them out. Pod is where Penn kids go when their parents come in from out of town to take them out. Pod is where Penn kids go when their parents come in from out of town to take them out. Pod is where Penn kids go when their parents come in from out of town to take them out.Absolutely incredible food and great atmosphere. The sushi is incredible fresh and creative. The drinks are delicious and creative as well. I would highly recommend Pod for any event or time of day! Apparently, Steven Starr does no wrong... :O)When a cool space is combined with good food that's a win/win in my book. Pod is a very large space that felt like an intimate restaurant. The dining space had a 1960's/1970's(ish)  minimum "orange" look that was very cool. There were also individual dining "pods" for groups which were cool but dining out for me is about being in a collective space so my group and I choose to dine in the open dining area--where all the fun happens!
I had  great time at POD!my godsisters and i went for lunch today and i was impressed. its a very trendy place with a conveyour belt loaded with yummy sushi at the sushi bar. we had a table in the all white restaurant dining room. the drinks were yummy. i had a mocktail of ginger and mango. YUM! and our food was very tasty. the house salad was a typical asian salad but great portion size for 3 people.
the dynamite roll was sooooooooooooooooooooooooooo good and its pricey so i only ordered one. the other sushi was fresh and good but nothing too distinctive about it. a good eat for sushi!! 
for dessert. omg the chocolate bread pudding was amazing. to die for. and i will be back if only for that!Ate here for the 1st time on 7/29 and it will most definitely be my last! The food was just ok to me. I didn't like how our appetizers were served all on 2 different plates being as though 4 different ppl ordered the chicken pot stickers and it cost a bit of confusion meaning 10 came out on 2 plates and we thought that 10 came in the App but it was 5! The quantity wasn't mentioned on the menu! I loved the lights in the booth we sat in for my friends bday. The place is cute but the food is just ok!Visited this past Saturday on a date. I was impressed by the chic atmosphere and unusual decor. I was not as impressed by the staff - they seemed inexperienced and their casual wear didn't match the restaurant's style. I wouldn't say service was attentive. But, when the food was delivered, I forgot all of my fussy thoughts about the service that were floating through my head. 
My date and I threw down (our waitress called us champs). At one point, I considered leaving my date and running off to be with the lamb chops because I was that in love with them. I lost track of time and space when I tasted the accompanying noodles. 
In summary, amazing food, impressive date spot, a little too loud for intimate date night conversations, but I mentally noted that it's the perfect spot for a big birthday dinner party.I came for the happy hour only and I was really impressed with the drinks they made. They were unique signature cocktails. I would've ordered food but we got a little table and the it was set up it was really uncomfortable to eat. The seating arrangement and surrounding within has a futuristic vibe which is really cool. In my opinion the drinks are at a reasonable price not too expensive but it's not cheap either unfortunately. Definitely a cool place to hangout. For any outsiders I would definitely recommend checking this place out for drinks hopefully when I go back again I can try some food and do a review on that.This is what sushi bars will look like in the future. Okay, not really. But it does have a whole futuristic vibe going on, especially given the name "Pod" (Was that given to it before the iPod? Who knows.)
It's all kinds of wonderful/weird as they have a great Asian fusion menu, fabulous drinks (HELLO Wasabi Bloody Mary), and awesome bathrooms (I'm a sucker for quirks) while they try to transform you to the set of The Jetsons. 
My friend and I visited our other best friend who goes to UPenn, and per his suggestion we went here for my friend's birthday.  He lived right on campus, and it seriously is a hop, jump and skip away from his place as it's in the heart of University City.  So depending on the night you go, you could end up with a lot of undergrads and their parents...
Of the Stephen Starr restaurants in Philly, I was thrilled this is the one we ended up going to! Make sure you make a reservation because it can end up getting packed. And try to resist the urge to robot-speak when ordering.The food was good, we ordered calamari salad an it was too salty so we told the server, he apologized and changed it right away. 
Very busy, close to University city and trendy place to hang out for students. The servers were overwhelmed forgot our order details.I came here with a large group.  The restaurant looks very clean and had a contemporary decor. The food was amazing.  They made a family style menu and brought out kore than enough food.  They also made some meat:dairy free dishes that tasted great.  
I had veggie sushi that tasted amazing.  I then had grilled asparagus it was charred to perfection.  The asparagus was one of my favorite things I had that night.  For entree I had the tofu with broccoli in a asian sauce.  
For drinks i had the pear Martini.  It was nice and sweet and still had a bite.  They were good and cane out fairly quick for a mixes drink. 
All together I have to give them a five because they had so many options and they all tasted delicious.  Everyone had a great time and enjoyed their meal.  i wish I could have tried more dishes but I will take everyones word that it was amazing!I came here in March for their Tuesday all-you-can-eat sushi deal. My group of 4 was fortunate to have gotten an extremely attentive waiter, who was nicely tipped. We came early, ate 210 pieces of maki/hand rolls/nigiri in 2 hours, and left extremely satisfied. 
That being said, I would never come here on a regular day. The food is mediocre considering how expensive it is.Made reservations to meet with a friend here on a Thursday night after work. The decor was alright, I got what they were going for but wasn't extremely impressed. We were seated against a booth on the wall. The macadamia chicken stir fry was amazing. It is big enough to share with two people. I would definitely come back for this. It is definitely overpriced but since the portions are big enough for two people, that sort of makes up for it. I'll be back.I absolutely love Pod, mostly because of the fond memorie I have of meeting my dear friend here when she was in town for business. Pod kind of became our signature place, and we loved trying the variety of signature cocktails-we especially love the red and pink!
There are two bigger areas with tables that really do look like pods, and the lights change colors every so often from bright red to pink to blue to yellow, etc. Really fun!
We usually do small plates and appetizers, and of course, always order way too much fun. As cliche' as it seems, the pad thai is actually really delicious. The steamed buns, rock shrimp, and crab fried rice are go to items as well. For some reason, I have never tried the sushi here, which is bizarre, because I absolutely love the sushi and maki at Morimoto, another Starr place.
The ambience is ultra contemporary with white everything. Generally I don't go for this type of vibe, but for some reason it works here. It's really a fun place.Pod is an enjoyable experience if only for the atmosphere. The space age dcor is both weird and a delight at the same time. If you have a group, definitely request a pod. These white orbs with changing lights are so entertaining you might forget that you were there for the food! The bathrooms follow the same theme and are just plain old cool.
As to the food, the dessert and cocktails are great. The chocolate trio dessert is delish. I think that the food is nothing special, definitely overpriced and not attention grabbing. The only thing that I had that was attention grabbing was the vegetable tempura and that was because the batter that the veggies were fried in was completely and absolutely devoid of flavor. No spices at all. It was quite a weird experience.
I would still recommend the Pod though because I am a huge fan of fun atmospheres. Grab a couple of friends, reserve a Pod and have a dessert night!I love Pod. I have been several times with my husband and a couple other times with friends and family. We always make reservations, but we like to get there early and sit in their lounge area and grab a drink before dinner. The cocktail waiters have always been very friendly and are relatively quick. Dinner is always delicious, and the servers know the menu very well. We have typically ordered their featured items because we know it's going to be good based off of previous visits. Overall Pod is one of my favorite date night dinner spots as well as a place to bring out-of-towners!Really neat restaurant design! Everything was white, with colorful lighting and private "pods" where groups could dine. (Although most people had to sit in the main dining room) 
Came here with a big group for a university dinner, so we got a prepaid menu. However, the food wasn't too memorable. The sushi (CA roll and nigiri platter) was good, but the rice tasted kind of dry. The rest of our menu included a ginger salad, chicken potstickers, lettuce wraps, fried rice, and pad thai. I liked that they tried to add a twist to each dish, but nothing tasted that amazing. I think my favorite was actually the dessert sampler, which featured mochi ice cream, mocha brownie, and banana sorbet.
Great service, but for such a futuristic/fancy looking restaurant, I expected the food to be more impressive.Don't sit in the "pods" at pod.  The ambient color changes can really throw off your sense of food perception. Sit in the main dining room with normal lighting sp you can enjoy your food. 
Calamari salad: bleh. Not enough calamari. Too many greens. Too much fluorescence. Bland dressing. Next.
Toro sushi roll: this was delicious but I have no idea what colors it was, which would have been nice.
Duck 2 Ways (pan seared duck breast and duck confit with sun-dried cherry bao bun): This was so amazing. Why don't I eat duck more often? I've never had a duck I didn't like. The duck "pan" tasted exactly like what I used to grab for lunch in Tokyo-soft, tender, fluffy, meaty. The pan seared breast was caramelized nicely all around the outside and (I am pretty sure that) it was as rare as we wanted it. Tasty. Day-glo.
Fluffer Nutter spring roles with peanut butter. NOM! What does nom mean anyway? So many people I know use this word and I am now jumping on the bandwagon because I can only assume that it means, "Utterly delicious and mouth-watering."
The moral of the story here is: go to pod (once, maybe twice) and sit in a normal seat with normal light. For food's sake. For the love of food. Or sit at the kaiten-zushi and pick exactly what you want from their fine sushi menu as it glides by.The ambiance is energetic.  This is a hip (yes I'm over 40) place with great food and service.  It is pricey but worth it.
Our family has been there on multiple occasions and never had a bad experience.  The masabi filet is excellent as is the crap rice.   You will need reservations during the weekend.  I suggest getting there early and having a drink and taking it all in.I like the fusion-ness of this place! It's proximity to the UPenn campus makes it popular for school events - the two occasions for which I came. One was a professor dinner, and the other a pre-interview dinner w/ the interviewer... So both times I couldn't concentrate too much on the food..
However, coming with a large group meant trying lots of things, my favorite is probably the pork belly buns. Sushi platters were good, but not memorable. Scallop fried rice was tasty, so was the chicken karage, edamame, udon, beef fried rice.. Etc etc. all good, but not memorable.
Mochi ice cream is yummy :), but you can go to trader joes and get the same. 
Oh, and this place is Veg friendly!Me & hubby chose pod for our first date in fifteen months. Great atmosphere, delicious sushi and killer drinks! Katie gave us great recommendations excellent service. I highly recommend you check out pod ASAP you won't regret it!Great place for sushi, cocktails and chatting with friends, or a casual date! Children are welcome, waiters are nice, music is ok and the sushi is not thee best but it's still good!(clear throat) I am going to start my first review on yelp with this awesome place in philly. Forgive for my bad English since I am Chinese and I can't do better (jk).
I was in Philly for business around the Upenn area. A friend of mine who lives in Philly brought me there, which is happen to be right next to the hotel I am saying (Inn at Penn). It has a good location, neighborhood of Upenn and Drexel university.
When I first went in there, I started to love it. They have really cool decorations, fancy cool chairs/booths that look really modern, and colored lights all over the restaurant that creates a vivid yet relaxing atmosphere. Also they have TV screens showing Japanese anime, which I think is kinda cute. In addition, they have the conveyor sushi belt. Though we didn't get a chance to sit there, but I've never encountered any place with that in Atlanta so I think that's cool.
They had a wide selection of drinks, some are asian fusion, e.g. sake mojito, drinks with calpico and yuzu etc. I had a 'green', which is lime and honeydew. I love fruity drinks in general so obviously I loved it. We ordered chicken lettuce wrap, rainbow roll and pad thai. I was at first skeptical about american asian fusion restaurants because I can be picky about asian food. But i think this place is actually pretty good for asian fusion food. Rainbow roll is pretty standard quality. LOVE their lettuce wrap. It contains chicken stir fry that you wrap it around with lettuce. Compared to other american chinese food places which basically just tastes sweet and soy saucy, I think they did make it quite authentic in flavor; with a little twist in incorporating the lettuce wrap. Pad thai was not amazing, but I like the fact that they add little bit of spiciness compared to other pad thais I had before in america.
Service was good. The server checked on us five times while we were eating. ;P
Yes, you can say this place is pricy just for the food,. But it's in neighborhood with hotels so you can't really complain too much. Still I'd say it's a nice place to hang out once a while, and I would recommend people who are traveling like me to go there.From the Decor to the conveyor belts and pods, this place is visually pleasing.  The food is also very pleasing.Attention vegans!
The tofu lettuce wrap with peanut sauce and the Vegan Stephen.
You'll be thrilled you did!
Pod is such a great place for a sit-down meal in West Philly. I have been going there for ten years now. I am so happy they have two great vegan dishes for me to enjoy!When u first come in here, u will like the environment here. I think it maybe more suitable to come after dinner for finding your night life or drinking with your friends. Foods here are so so and the price is a bit expensive. Wahhabi has no flavor.I love this place.  Pod was one of my favorite restaurants to go to in Philly and is a great place to take out of town friends.  The martinis are all very tasty and reasonably priced.  The sushi is a little expensive, but is extremely good.  I also really enjoyed the salads and soups here.  They have a conveyor belt sushi bar where you can sit and pick individual rolls as they move by.  
The vibe there is really great - they have rooms that light up in different colors and generally your table/chairs have lights in them as well.  There is usually Cowboy Bebop or something similar playing on the TV behind the sushi bar and they have great happy hour specials.
It sometimes gets overrun with Penn students, but if you call ahead and make a reservation you won't have to worry about waiting very long.  The only downside is parking nearby which can be difficult, particularly on the weekends.The vegan stephen roll is the best sushi I've ever had! And the tofu lettuce wraps are incredible!I am surprised it doesn't appear that I reviewed this before since I have been here a few times. I really love the cool sleek environment and the service is on point and very professional. I love the kaiten (revolving ) sushi which is reminiscent of the time that I spent in Japan. The menu is eclectic and great for sharing if you go with a group. I have tried probably most of the menu and there was not one single thing I did't like! The rock shrimp is great, the dumplings are great, the pad thai  delicious and so on and so forth.I've been to Pod many times, and enjoy their high quality of food. However, the portion sizes have always disappointed me. I went for lunch on a week-day and ordered one of their Bento Box lunch specials - I picked seared tuna - as the protein. I received 4 very thin slices of tuna on top of a small salad plus the rest of the bento box (Miso soup, brown rice, salad and pickled vegetables). The tuna was good quality, and cooked perfectly (rare +), but my bento had no soup and instead had 2 salads. Although I eventually received my soup, service was a sloppy. Our waiter spilled water all over me and the chair next to me, and promised to send someone to clean it up, that person never came. 
I've also had positive service experiences at Pod, but I have never been too impressed with the creativity of the dishes. The restaurant has modern/chic/upscale flair, but the food to me is just mediocre.came to pod while visiting philly, mostly because it was right next door to our hotel.
this place looks like a space-ship, so that's a plus.
food was excellent, although a bit overpriced.  really enjoyed the potsickers w/ mustard aioli, as well as the spicy tuna rolls topped with rock shrimp.
the real reason to come here is really for the ambience - worth a visit at least once.