Food was well prepared and fresh. I had the oso bucco ravioli. The ravioli were definitely homemade, they were a little light on the filling which made them less flavourful then they should have been. Service was great,  the place was so loud the wait staff had a hard time hearing us unless we raised our voice. Good place. Extremely tiny and tables are jammed in. Not recommended for a date night. With so many great places to eat in this neighborhood the only thing that would bring me back is the fact it's bring your own bottle. Otherwise I know I could find something as good or better with less noise, a tad more elbow room, and more flavorcrappy restarurant with awful service and rude waiter. if you are looking for a GOOD BYO italian restaurant, go to La Baia on 17th and Lombard!I frequent the Rittenhouse Square area often as an old friend runs a bar down the street, and have passed Porcini's many times. Having had a date last Saturday, I thought it would have been a good opportunity to try it out. 
The layout of the restaurant left some to be desired, as the host stand is at the back, and the place is very small save for the upstairs, but they were able to sit us almost immediately in the upstairs dining room which was small, yet charming, and slightly more roomy. A gentleman who I am guessing was the co-owner was very friendly and ensured our 8:00 reservation was filled and the wine poured. The service wasn't slow, though awkward. It seemed that our server was there when we didn't need her, yet not there when we did, though she had a very friendly demeanor and was not rushing us in the least.
The food was delicious, though a few things stood out to me as peculiar, hence the 4 stars instead of 5. This was a legit Italian restaurant, yet they had ravioli as an antipasto. Anybody who knows Italian knows this means "before" the pasta, not the pasta itself. Secondly, the bread, which was very good, came with butter, and not Olive Oil. Again, this was an Italian restaurant, not an Applebee's. 
For our appetizer we ordered eggplant, which was okay. Was sliced a bit too thin, though this may have been personal preference, but in doing so was masked by the (delicious) red gravy and (addictive) mozzarella, which was very fresh, so while I may not have been tasting the eggplant, I was tasting some very delicious flavors. 
Our main courses came in due time afterwards, enough to let our eggplant digest, but not enough time to make us forget. I ordered the special, linguine in a light vodka cream sauce with salmon and capers, my date ordered the canneloni. Both were inspired. Not the gigantic portions known to most frequent Italian restaurant goers in Philadelphia, but just enough. The flavors were subtle, yet plentiful. 
We did skip dessert in favor of coffee. I ordered a double espresso, my date a cappucino (I know, but she was cute, so it's okay). The waittress came out with a regular and double cappucino. Wasn't the end of the world, so I just enjoyed it, and it was good, but just speak up if you want an espresso. 
Overall I recommend this place, mainly for the main courses, but am willing to go back and give it another shot and give Porcini's their 5th star. I hope I can!Came here with my girlfriend on a Monday night and took advantage of the Yelp coupon (which you should too).
Ambiance: Home-y but very small and cramped. Luckily it wasn't too busy on a Monday night. Can't imagine the place packed given it was already hard to hold a conversation given we could hear the other two tables talking around us (BYOB makes everyone a bit louder).
Service: There was one waiter and one busboy working and they had everything covered. Made solid food recommendations and were attentive. Our waiter was also extremely friendly.
Food: Solid italian food. Nothing out of this world, but good. We got a special appetizer - Italian Empanada...Sounds weird, but it was very flaky, delicious party in a slightly spicy marinara. Very delicious. My main entre was the beef osso bucco. The meat was delicious, but don't expect any bone marrow with this dish. My girlfriend ordered a fettucine special which was ok. Noodles were homemade, but the sauce was a little off.
All in all, a reasonably priced Italian BYOB. Just don't come expecting the absolute best italian food.Food is average, but the place is too cramped. The owners are also just not friendly. I was made to wait outside in the cold because somebody in my party arrived late despite having a reservation and nobody else in line.A great family run little BYOB with absolutely fantastic food and even better service. There is no better Italian in Philly. My Sicilian grandmother loved it, what more proof do you need?
Stop reading this and go there. Do it now.I've eaten at porcini two or three times now and it is totally tiny and cramped but I've never been disappointed with my meal. I would agree that it can be uncomfortable if it's too crowded but if you've been there before or if you've read these reviews then just know that's the case and expect it!  the food is always fresh and filling and the owner treats everyone like a regular. I would agree that you can do a cheaper BYO for sure, but I would definitely recommend it anyway.  It's certainly deserving of at the very least three stars across the board and if you hit it on the right night and it's not totally slammed it's 5 stars for sure.Great great place. Everything in this tiny restaurant was quality..from the friendly service to the amazing food. The staff makes you feel like you're home.We eat out alot and had heard extremely good things about Porcini.  A pet peeve of ours is making us wait for table when there are a bunch in the room.  It was odd to have that happen, not a show stopper though.  They take their time throughout the meal (not TOO long, but it's a nice pace to let you talk with friends for an evening out).  Nice atmosphere. The food was very good, you will leave not too stuffed, but just right.  Homemade Ravioli are extremely good.  Worth the trip to try a new restaurant - be sure to bring Yelp's $20 coupon.  ENJOY!This is a great little BYO on Sansom, right down the street from Melograno.  Not sure how I've never been there, but armed with a bottle of white, stopped in for a Thursday night dinner.  We shared the octopus and calamari and appetizer which wasn't the best I've ever had, but it was cooked properly.  Bread with olive oil and ricotta was nice, but would be better if they warmed the bread.  I had the eggplant appetizer with a side of fettuccine for my entree.  It was really good, although their tomato sauce is a little on the salty side for my taste.  The eggplant was cooked really nicely though, and I ate the whole thing.  
Service was great.  Our waitress was very attentive and everyone there was very friendly.  They must have a large room upstairs because there was a birthday party for 30 people up there.  The main dining area is tiny.The best Italian I have had in years (and I'm Italian!!). Owner David is so friendly and makes everyone feel like his best friend. And it's not fake, it's genuine and fun!Went here last night, we weren't able to sit for 45 minutes after our reservation. Luckily it wasn't freezing because we had to stand outside the restaurant because it is so small. So be advised this is not a place where you will sit at your reservation time. It's more of a longer dinner. 
Although there was a hug wait the food was really good. The waitstaff was nice and let us have a long meal and open plenty bottles of wine. The cypress salad was amazing I had the fetticini bolognese which was also fantastic. The pasta was so light I was able to eat my whole plate! The olive oil they give you to start with has cheese in it it is delicious. My friend had a special with squid ink pasta and crab claws. It was also really good. I highly recommend it for the food if you have the time for a longer dinner.Place is a bit uncomfortable given the cramped space which meant wait staff kind of suddenly appear over your shoulder and struggle to get plates on / off the table.
Special of the night, octopus, was well cooked but was way too garlicky. Tasted as if garlic had burned in the oil, fished out, and recooked with fresh garlic, not nice.
Pasta dishes were good and generous portion.
Overall, service was fast and food reasonable but ambience was a bit creepy.I have had Porcini bookmarked for months with the intention of giving this cute little byo a go, and last night I finally had my chance. We actually made the "reservation" on the drive over through open table via yelp (super convenient - other restaurants need to get on board). We started out with the grilled octopus and baby calamari appetizer.. Light and refreshing. I ordered the ravioli in a pecorino cream sauce and my boyfriend ordered the spaghetti and seafood (shrimp & scallops) special. My dish was excellent and similar to the appetizer, I was surprised at the freshness of the seafood in my boyfriend's entree however his pasta was over cooked. We also redeemed the check in offer for the free dessert but I couldn't tell you much about it as the boyfriend ate it all to make up for his lack of entree. Poor guy. The staff here is all seemingly very friendly and I'm sure they would have redone the dish had he asked. 
Overall, I may come back but I do think there are better byo options in the city on a similar price scale.I was excited to try this restaurant. I was in from Los Angeles visiting family and Yelp had such great things to say. Then I asked to use the restroom. 
I poked my head in the kitchen and asked the brothers where it was. The chef brother told me I was interrupting him and his brother and that the only place I was allowed to talk to my server was on the floor. I thought he was kidding and the server brother sent me to the restroom. 
I came back from the restroom and the chef brother stopped me as I passed the kitchen to tell me that I was never allowed to come near his kitchen and that I needed to get the hell out of his restaurant. I told him I would be happy to leave since he was obviously insane. 
The server brother came back to ask to the kitchen to investigate why the chef brother was yelling at a customer. As we left I heard the brothers going at it again. 
The service was terrible. Because the brothers were having a bad day it was literally impossible for our table to complete placing an order without our server walking away while someone was speaking. We waited at least 15 minutes to place an order while watching the brothers argue in the door to the kitchen. 
The food we got, bread and either whipped butter in a dish of oil, was revolting. Primarily because none of us could figure out if it was whipped butter or some sort of soft cheese. 
It's obvious this is not the first time there two have had these kinds of arguments in their restaurant with customers present based on how easily they engaged in their unprofessional behavior. It's also obvious by how the chef brother treated me that I am not the first customer he has blown up at for no reason. 
The relationship between these brothers and their inability to maintain professionalism is going to bring this restaurant down. You simply can't treat customers, or co-workers, the way they treat them.Good service, not much ambiance.  Dishes were simply dull.  There are plenty of byo Italian joints in Philly, so you've got to do better than just putting food on a plate.My husband and I were underwhelmed with the food at Porcini.  We had the asparagus and artichoke appetizers and they were nice, but nothing special.  For entrees we had the oxtail ravioli and fettuccine bolognese.  The pasta was homemade, so that was good, but the sauces and overall flavors were just blah.  I've had much better italian food other places, and for less money.
The place is very small and therefore felt cramped and also got pretty loud.  The service was fine, but overall, given the prices at this place, we will not make any special effort to go back.One of the best gems in Philly! Love this place! Very small and quaint.I have been to Porcini many times over the past couple years, it is my favorite Italian byob. 
Me and my husband love it so much we had our rehearsal dinner here the night before our wedding. The private room upstairs was perfectly accommodating for our small dinner party, under 20 people. We were able to drop off cases of wine and beer a few days ahead of time, and when we showed up the beers were chilling on ice and everything was ready to go. Steven and David were amazing to work with, no surprise they put together an outstanding menu for the night, and made me and my family feel right at home. The cozy intimate environment was exactly what we were looking for, and the price was right.This place a little hidden gem, staff is so friendly I felt like I was home in my Moms kitchen. Had a very good meal for restaurant week. Would definitely recommend and can't wait to go again.Oh my deliciousness!!! Went here last night at the last minute with my friends...they had a reservation for 5, but the staff was very gracious to change it to 6 at the last minute!!  I have been dying to try this place after walking past it about 43 times.  FInally, I got my wish. 
The owner is such a sweet, friendly man and greeted my friend, who made the reservation, by name.  He sure knows how to run a restaurant.  
The food is seriously amazing.  Everything comes out seriously, piping hot! I couldn't decide what to get, so I made a split second decision and went for the Canelloni(sp?).  Oh. My. God. I honestly wanted to lick the plate. It was that good....everything about it is utter perfection: the portion size, the sauce, the cheese...oh so good!
As for the others: Diver Scallops - they looked SO good and I hear they were delicious! I'll be getting those next time!; Parpadella with lump crab meat - Looked amazing, and my friend, who is a bit of a foodie, said it was divine; Rigatoni with Sausage - my friend, Brian wanted to lick his plate, need I say more?!; Veal Medallions - I'm not into veal, but apparently it was seriously good stuff! 
I can't wait to go back!! It may be tiny, but it packs a serious punch! It's definitely in my top 2 Italian BYO's in the city!I took my boyfriend here for his birthday dinner last night.  I had ordered a cake from Termini Bros. with an inscription, so I called ahead to see if they would serve it after dinner as a surprise.  They were completely gracious and accomodating about it, and I was able to drop off the cake at my convenience.
We were seated promptly at a large table (well, 2 pushed together), andour Amarone was opened for us right away.  Bread (good, but could be better) came with olive oil and a bit of ricotta.  My man had a very yummy special gnocchi appetizer and I had the prosciutto salad, which was excellent, if a bit small.  Dinner was a grilled chicken dish (tasty, but a bit stingy on the portion), and I had the special spagetti fra diablo with scallops, which was just perfect.  Service by David (?) was super friendly and attentive but unintrusive.  The cake was presented with candles after dinner, and we ended up sharing it with the kitchen and a few other patrons, which seemed to make everyone happy. :)  We hung out and chatted over cappucino with some girls who were English soccer fans, which was cool for my Brit boyfriend (Go Arsenal!).  All in all, it was a perfectly lovely evening, and Porcini made his birthday special.  Thanks guys!Porcini is one of two places in the city I would actually pay for Italian food from (Vetri being the other, which would get 40 stars if I could, just saying). 
Price: You can spend a small fortune if you so desire, but sticking to only a pasta dish and sharing a dessert is a surprisingly affordable meal that ranks in the echelon of the most expensive meals Philly has to offer... it is really that good. 
The decor is... who cares? It's a small hole in the wall chef/owner ran operation where you sit elbow to elbow with vibrant patrons who take their time and obviously enjoy conversation and good food. I think there is even a window unit air conditioner.  If you come here, you take your time and appreciate your company and the chef's banter, not the Stephen Starr Disneyland theme park. 
Food: The fresh pasta is really the star and he makes the fluffiest gnocchi out of any I have had. His ricotta is simplicity in form and along with the quality EVOO gets you excited for what else might come. The fish entrees are always perfectly cooked, seasoned, dressed, selected... keep going with qualifications, they are all met. His red sauce is so simple and light but unbelievably flavorful it confuses you. Dessert options are usually limited but I would never order anything other than the cannoli ... using his fresh ricotta with studs of chocolate and a perfectly crunchy shell beats anything from a bakery (note: if I recall, he does not make the shells). Try it if you dare. 
The portions are not large but I wouldn't call them small either... you will go home satisfied. As another reviewer mentioned, I can appreciate a properly sized portion. 
Bullet points: Homemade pasta, homemade sauces, homemade cheese (not all of course)... not a single item is ever off target from the appetizers to the desserts. BYOB if you so desire (and you should, if only to offer to another table in need).Always a joy to get back to Porcini! David always makes you feel like a part of the family. The food last night was great and service was wonderful! Can't wait until our next meal.Fantastic Italian BYO in Rittenhouse area.  Daniel, the Maitre d' and part owner, is extremely engaging and conversational and even had a special veal dish that was not on the menu made that was phenomenal.  A bit cozy and popular but I can see why after having the food.  Don't forget the creme pastry dessert...incredible.  Will be back for sure, and often!As a big lover of BYO's, Porcini was on my list for restaurant week. You pick your app & entree, and they give a salad for the table and two desserts to share (for a table of two). It was satisfactory, but not sure if I'd elect to go back just because there are so many excellent BYO's around. 
I got brussels for my app and rigatoni salsiccia, my friend ordered burrata and the cheese raviolis. We both liked our appies, our salad wasn't a hit (it had pickles in it, and a lemony-briney dressing?), and she loved the ravs. My rigatoni was okay and the sausage was excellent. The desserts were also good, it was tiramisu and another type of creamy cake.Porcini is our favorite local dinner place and we hope to be considered regulars soon. It's is owned and operated by two brothers and I love how personable and attentive they are. We are always greeted at the door by David with a handshake, hug and a big smile and great to see you! And you can usually see Steven in the front of the house by the end of the night too!
The ambiance is very quaint and tiny but in an adorable and very familial way. Everyone feels like family and that's how you are treated. Reservations are helpful but waiting on Sansom street is pretty and not too bad either. 
The food is absolutely out of this world delicious. I often have a hard time getting something different because of how much I'm craving whatever I had last time (typically the ravioli in pecorino sauce) but when I try other peoples dishes I realize I absolutely cannot go wrong. The bolognese, oso bucco, caprese, creme pastry are all to die for. I've really never tasted anything here without uttering the words "that's delicious!" Immediately after. 
We love Porcini and cannot wait to go back as frequently as possible!Stop looking for an Italian byob right now and just go here. In fact pick up the phone right now because it is tiny, and you'll want a reservation. It's worth it! The size and atmosphere completely remind me of many a restaurant in Italy so it's easy to forget you're in Philly and get immersed in this culinary experience! Because boy it is a culinary experience! We started with the garlic bread and one order is not enough! Hands down all 4 of us agreed it's the best garlic bread we've ever had. It is a mistake not to get it! Then we split Caesar salads and calamari. No complaints there! Delish! But omg the entrees! I had a hard time making up my mind, but I went with ossobuco ravioli! Such a unique and interesting twist that was so worth it! The only thing better was my friend's fettuccini bolognese. Sounds simple maybe even boring? I kid you not we were fighting with our elbows to try more and more helpings of this dish! Whatever is in that sauce will have me going back to this place asap! I've already texted my friends and family! I didn't even mention the delicious cannolis or after essentially 3 starters, 4 entrees and 3 desserts it only cost $107 a couple with tip!? Damn straight I will be going back here again and again and again!!!Worst BYOB I've been to ! Came in with a group and as we we're waiting for guests to arrive we asked for bread and were told we can't have bread until we order appetizers. The server never asked us if we wanted appetizers at the time. The server also told my friend to move into table closer two times, very rudely . The tables are like 3 inches apart to begin with! Food was not authentic! Lacked serious flavor! Blah! This is why I cook at home. Tiny cash only BYOB should be more welcomingLove this place.  Amazing home made food.   Wow.  This place is great.  The workers are awesome.  Canolini is spectacular.   Deserts are good too.  Small place so i may not bring a huge group on a bachelor party but it is amazing for a date night.  Great place.  Byob too.  Yeah!Solid homey Italian food in a byob setting. The waitstaff and manager were very accomodating. The food was solid homestyle Italian, not much flair and small portions, but very delicious. Some of the best tomato based sauces in Philly can be found here. The restaurant is very loud and there can be a long line, even at an early hour, but all in all I would recommend the place. Only three desserts to choose from and I thought the apple one was by far the best.We had dinner here at 7PM on a Saturday night with a group of 6. We parked at a lot and only had to walk a few blocks. This place is TEENY TINY. We equated it to eating in a friend's living room. Super cozy.
Our server was very attentive and friendly. This place is BYOB so we snagged 3 bottles before we got there.
We ordered two orders of the garlic bread (OH MY GAH-SO GOOD) and broccoli rabbe. I also got the asparagus, which has a great mix of cheese and tomatoes on top. For my entree, I got the half moon ravioli. The main courses were the perfect size where you weren't left hungry but also didn't leave overly stuffed. 
All of the desserts are good. I could have easily killed a portion of each. I look forward to going back and having some more awesome Italian food!We celebrated a birthday here with 5 people.    For a small venue, the menu was  varied  enough that  each of us selected different things; everything came out quickly, beautifully, and tasted delicious.     As we were having dessert, one of our party felt ill,  she  left the table to go to the restroom and fainted in the kitchen.  The owners were amazing under pressure. The event was brief, but every moment from start to finish  felt like they really cared, and had matters under control.  I thank them for being so caring.   The way they treat their patrons shows in the food  and service.Overall, 4 stars. The food was great but was not welcomed with a warm and inviting feeling. Service was overall good especially since the restaurant is quaint. 
BYOB is always a plus.Great small Italian restaurant. Can get tight and busy, but the food is amazing. Great date spot!After hearing that Porcini was the best BYO Italian in Philly, I made a reservation for a night with the girls.
As others have said, the place is tiny.  Originally our reservation was for 5 but ended up being only 4.  If we had been 5, I have no idea where they would have sat us.
While everything was good, nothing was great and we all agreed that for the most part the portions were too small.
I was quite hungry on this day and even with bread and two shared apps between four of us and my meal, I was definitely still hungry.  Not what I'd expect.
That said, it was a fine experience but I will not return as there are plenty of other restaurants to try.  Leaving a restaurant hungry is not my cup of tea.A great little Italian BYOB place! I went with a date for Valentine's Day, and even though we were a little late for our reservation, they still sat and served us quickly.  It's such a quaint little place. I felt like I was in Italy. I had the fettuccini bolognese, which was in a nice creamy red sauce. It was delicious- the noodles themselves were so good!, and there was enough for leftovers. The only complaint I have is that the tables were extremely close together. I'm talking sharing salt and pepper with the table next to us, tight. Maybe they squeezed in extra tables for Valentine's Day? Whatever the case, it would have been nice to have some wiggle room. Overall, it was a really nice experience!My wife and I were very excited to try this highly recommended BYO. We arrived for our reservation on time and were seated within about 30 minutes. We didn't mind the wait, but like many BYOs, there is no real waiting area. We were able to sit upstairs in an empty dining room (which felt a bit strange) but was not a huge deal.
Once our table was ready, we were shocked to see how small this place actually is. You are literally rubbing elbows, backs, heads and everything else with your fellow patrons. In my opinion, it was a major interference with our overall dining experience. Our table was up against a wall on one side and then another two top was sat to our other side. Too bad for you if you had to use the restroom..... that feat would require asking two to three different tables to stop eating, stand up, and move so you could squeeze through... and then repeat the process when you get back to your seat. I literally felt like an adult trapped inside the dining room of a child's doll house.
I will say that the service was friendly and for the most part very attentive. Unfortunately, the food was average at best. I had the Osso Bucco which looked very impressive and was presented very well, but ultimately let me down. I understand that restaurants often pre-cook menu items that are braised, but you shouldn't be able to tell that it was just plucked from the fridge. The plate was luke warm to chilly and as I worked my way through the pork shank, the meet on the bone was outright cold. Cold pork fat isn't that appetizing. My wife had the Parapadella Porcini which was packed with flavor but was also cold. Both dishes were refrigerator cold not "sitting out to long " cold. This was a big disappointment because the dishes did have great potential. If we decide to try it again, it will definitely be during the week on a less crowded, slower night.Excellent food at a reasonable price and bring your own wine. 
The assagio appetizer for two was a great sampler. We both had pasta with seafood; both were excellent. Cheesecake for dessert was different than what one might expect but still good.See my initial review.
Porcini is consistently our favorite restaurant.  This is what you should expect from a Philadelphia BYOB.Excellent food, friendly staff, warm atmosphere in cozy room.  Wish we had places like this in DC.  And BYOB in addition?  Perfect.The atmosphere and service were passable but the food was truly disappointing.  
My Spaghettini Pescatore was a tiny portion of flavorless dough served in a lagoon of watery sauce.  I would expect such an aqueous mess from a truck stop diner.  There is no excuse for not properly draining your pasta.  Someone a the table next to me ordered the same dish and got about three times the amount of pasta, which points to an inconsistent kitchen.  
My friend reported that he enjoyed his Cannelone but when he gave me a bite from the end, the pasta was dry and crunchy.  On the bright side, the Calamari appetizer was tasty.  The squid was tender and served in a delightful salad whose flavors worked well together.
It was not worth the money, I will not return.Second time here and didn't disappoint! Great atmosphere, awesome food, and BYOB too! A perfect date night location!Porcini is my favorite restaurant when I travel to Philly from New York.  Yes, the place is small but the food and friendly staff make up for it.  This time around we met Steve.  He knew that we had to catch a bus back to NY and he open the restaurant 15 minutes early just for us.  We bought our wine from a liquor store nearby on Chestnut  and 19th Streets.
We were impressed with the food.  It was just delicious. For appetizer we had calamari.  I had a broil fish with potatoes in a special white sauce.  The desserts were delicate and not too sweet.  And the bread was served with butter on a dish with olive oil.
My friends and I will definitely be back.Never will return.  The owner/manager was completely rude.  The place is so tight there was no room to move my seat back.  Felt rushed.  The food itself wasn't something to brag about.  Much better Italian byos in town.The owner is incredible it was my fiances bday and he sang hb in every language for us hes quite entertaining and jovial. Food is like you went to Italy fresh and homemade. Love the chicken dish and the ravioli !!Very small so reservations are a must on weekends.They do take reservations for parties of 6 or more! And the guy on the phone was super nice - I'll have to come back and actually review the food later...
--
ex post facto:  so we couldn't make our 7 pm reservation, which i let them know about at 6:45, and by 6:55 they had already given away our table (a friend of mine showed up at that time to see if we could get the table).
so they wouldn't seat us until everyone was there, so they have a room above the dining room where you can sit and drink and socialize.  my traditional east coast friends (i've been calmed from being on the west coast) were up in arms cause the guy took a long time to come up and cork our bottles.  it seemed like they needed more staff than the one bus boy, one waitress, and owner/maitre de (sic), etc.
but, once we were sitted the dining room smelled great, food was great, ambience was comfortable and nice, etc.  here's some food comments:
the shrimp and pasta was mediocre, the bruschetta is great, the lasagna is great and the salmon was good but the plate looked un"styled".I visited this place already two times but always during the Philadelphia restaurant weeks. We got an amazing for course menu for a reasonable price.
Delicious food, good quality and amazing dessert.
The location is really nice. A small place over two floors but so friendly staff. 
I need to try the place again outside the restaurant week. Really to recommend.Porcini's left me with a great impression.  It was a fabulous dining experience and I would definitely recommend it for families and small parties.  The food was excellent and the service was prompt and friendly.This restaurant was highly recommended to me by a friend.  She said to request the spinach gnochi with the creamy tomato sauce.  It is BYOB and there is a wine store on Chestnut between 19th and 20th.  She said say hi to David and Steven for her!  Her name is Desiree and she is from Dallas too!  They are closed on Sunday evenings so I missed it on my last trip to Phili :(I REALLY wanted to like porcini after reading all the awesome reviews, but I just think it lacks the taste and freshness of the food that I had at other BYOS, like melograno.  
We started with octopus and risotto appetizer, both which were very average.  The entrees were even more disappointing, and the desserts were truly unfortunate. The flan-like dessert was just unexciting.  It was a cute restaurant and the service was great, but the food was just not very good.Very mediocre, even more so after having to wait 20 minutes after our reservation time to be seated on a weeknight. No where to stand either, so we had to wait outside. 
Bruchetta was probably the highlight of the meal. The proscuitto was average quality at best. The "salad" with it was a ball of mixed greens with dressing? Really? 
The pasta with a porcini sauce, was really an incredibly rich white sauce with porcini mushrooms (which in total, probably was a single cap, very skimpy). 
The crab was very fishy (needed salt & lemon for sure, some pepper wouldn't have hurt) and overcooked. The portions of this dish were 1/5 pasta, 1/5 crab and 3/5 tomato sauce.... 
Honestly, I had heard this place was a nice cozy authentic Italian BYOB. 
Also, the host mid-way through our meal turned on the radio behind my GF and it was literally the radio and not on a station. It kept going back & forth between music and static. 
Pay a bit more and go to Melograno. Raddichio's food is 10x better for the same price. La Viola is better than Porcini and cheaper as well...We showed up without a reservation, and the maitre d' had no problem seating us.  He was cheerful and attentive.  Seems like most of the patrons are regulars!  Food was delicious, and plus we got free desserts for checking-in on Yelp!  The pastry dessert was divine.  I would skip the tiramisu.
Entree wise, I had the squid ink pasta ~ tasty, but not the best I ever had.  My hubby had the ravioli, and that was delicious.
If you want a no fuss good dinner, then give this place a try!small place. looks charming from the outside. bit of a mess once you're inside. Porcini is a labor of love (or family ties) so it's not unusual to hear shouts and crashes coming from the kitchen.
the owners are characters. They usually hang around a table or two and crack jokes and bump into the waiter while he's trying to pour drinks. when we went they chose another table, so we could enjoy the crazy ambiance of the place without much work. I could see them really annoying certain people though. 
food is good, and presented well but don't come expecting modo mio or anything. Please don't.
it's good for what it is. 
if this is your kind of family restaurant, you'll want to come "home" to this place from time to time. If it's not your thing, you'll probably just try it the once. 
We had a reservation and they were ready for us.
BYOB.This place is tiny but the food and service are impeccable. We were in Philly for one night and decided to try this restaurant because it was close to the theater we were going to later that evening and we were not disappointed. My husband and I had been to Milan about a year ago and the meal we had was on par with the food we ate while in Italy. The desserts were fantastic and the wait staff was very accommodating. We will definitely be back on our next trip to Philly.We had not been to Porcini in quite awhile due to a move so my husband & I were looking forward to trying their food again.  We stopped in at 6:30 before a theater performance.  There were 3 open tables.  The maître d' rudely asked what we wanted.  We asked for a table so we good get a couple of appetizers before curtain.  He refused us.  He said, "No.  We are a full-service restaurant."  
So we walked down the street to Il Pittore where we had a glass of wine & appetizers.  The attitude was friendly & welcoming.  The complete opposite of Porcini.  So thank you, rude guy.  If not for you, we would have missed out on delicious food with knowledgeable friendly staff.Excitement turned very quickly to puzzlement at Porcini's this evening.  While people called this place intimate we were seated upstairs and the place seems run down with rickety chair at our table of four.  We reserved table for four and the waitress had set it for two.  Then she only bought two menus and I waited but then had to ask for two more menus. All of this would have been forgotten had the service settled down. Nothing terrible just mediocrity at a restaurant that charges high prices for small portions too.  My Pasta Porcini had a sprinkling of maybe 8 pieces of mushrooms with a smaller than usual potion of pasta  all for$20..really?  Will not go back ....food was tasty but again side orders of veggies were meager for the price tag....Too many other super restrnts  around to waste time on those that don't make
The grade.The atmosphere was authentic, but the food didn't quite cut it. 
Went here for a romantic date on a Friday night. Brought a bottle of wine-- BYOB is a great feature. The whole place was pretty loud, crowded and fast paced with servers running around at all times. If only the conversations were spoken in a Italian, these aspects would make it a very authentic Italian experience, so overall I cannot complain about the noise. Being to Italy a couple times, the decor and the atmosphere were pretty good. But then there's the service...
Most of it was good. We had a foreign server who I don't believe was Italian but that doesn't matter. She was good at her job. There were also invisible hand refilling our water, olive oil, and bread throughout the meal. Which reflect a very important point: good service it that which you don'tnotice. There was one server, however, who must have skipped that class in serving school, because she would try to make cheesy jokes every time she came to the table. This, to me, is not appropriate for the kind of restaurant this one seems to be going for.
The food was not special at all. For the carbonara, I could have made a sauce that tasted better (I'm half italian but by no means a chef), and the ravioli dish was too small and generally unimpressive. 
I lked the unlimited bread though. Ate lots of that. Probably the best part of the meal, looking back :P 
Overambitious--that's a good word to sum up this place. It's try to go for a high end feel, but neither the food nor the service lived up to that standard.The pasta and seafood at this place was amazing. It might be the best Italian restaurant in Philidadelphia. I will definitely be going back!I love this place!!! Without a doubt, the best Italian (byob) restaurant in Philadelphia!! The osso buca stuffed ravioli to the veal marsala, no matter what you order it will be incredibly delicious. David(the owner and waiter) runs a first class place. Steven(the chef) creates some of the best dishes I have ever tasted.Not bad but not great. This place is very cramped or to be more politically correct...very cozy. The food is fresh but not too creative and overall pretty mild. It is  BYOB so that is a plus and the real reason I 'd go backWe called ahead on a busy night and the owner somehow managed to squeeze us in for dinner at the last minute. When we arrived, he remembered my name from when I called, which was quite charming. I am writing this review a few weeks later, so forgive me that I don't remember the exact details of our meal!
For the first course, we had the appetizer special which was something with pumpkin polenta. My boyfriend and I are still talking about how amazing this dish was, almost a month later! If they have it on special, GET IT!
For entrees, he had the gnocchi, and I had the osso bucco. Both were outstanding.
For dessert, canoli, which was probably the best I've ever had, and I've had a lot of canolis!
All in all, a fantastic experience, and we will be returning.We ate here last night for the first time.  One of the best kept secrets in Philly .  The portions could be a little bigger, but the food was sensational.  We will return.Porcini is a really cute little restaurant. I came here with a group of friends and ordered, well, porcini mushrooms and garlic bread to share. My crab meat pasta is tomato sauce is good, and everybody enjoyed their main courses. We shared a variety of desserts to wrap up the meal.
The ower came out to greet us personally, which was a nice touch.I think ppl should take a hint from all the mixed reviews on here --- Porcini is inconsistent at best.  I think it's cute all these "New Yorkers" like the place.  Reality is for the price, the quality and portions should be higher.  A woman I was with once giggled nervously when they brought out a $26 veal special that was seriously four bites.  People need to get out more if they think this place is fantastic.We wanted a delicious Italian BYOB for a Friday night date night and this place gave it to us. We were a bit thrown off by the entrance (when you walk in the door you are IN the dining room- no host's stand/waiting area) but we were quickly told our table was being cleaned and they'll come get us  while we waited outside.
The service was fast and friendly and the food was AMAZING. Garlic bread, the bucatini, a special that was stuffed shells with meatballs, and a cannoli crammed on top for good measure- we were blown away by it all and meant it when we told the host (I'm guessing he was also the owner) that we would be back when we were hugging goodbye (literally- the welcoming feeling was real!) 
It is a smaller dining room so I'd definitely recommend reservations.One of my favorite Italian places! The homemade pasta really makes a difference! I've never had a bad meal here. I would recommend their half moon raviolis (for me, this is the only shape of raviolis I eat!) and do not skip their flaky pastry dessert. The owner is always very friendly and the staff is on point. I would say dinner and dessert will run you around $40/person, but as a BYO you save money by bringing your own wine. I highly recommend!I am so surprised that I haven't reviewed Porcini yet. I would give it 5 stars if it wasn't so crowded on a weekend night (so I'll give it 4.5).
Even though it can get crowded on a weekend night, I think the coziness of the restaurant adds to why I like it. I feel like I am eating in someone's dining room and everyone is so friendly. You can't go wrong with the gnocchi and their specials are always delicious. The calamari is great too (and not fried). 
Credit cards are accepted which is nice for a BYOB...this is one of my favorite italian BYOBs in the city.I love Porcini. Food is fabulous and the owners are fun and accomodating. You feel like you are at someones house having dinner. Usually a few minute wait if you have a reservation, so bring an extra bottle of wine and have a glass while waiting and talk to others doing the same thing. Can't wait to go back!Recent bad experience. The bread did not come. When it did, we had four small pieces for a table of six. After we got more, we were told they were out of bread after that. During the course of our dinner, the male waiter acted drunk, or at least like a space cadet. Finally, our credit cards were overcharged. We paid a combo of cash and credit, and the waiter kept the cash and put the overall total on the cards, a classic trick. Luckily we caught this, but it left a bad taste in our mouth. 
Update: Their credit card charge came up under a totally different name - something beginning with a B - and contains no contact information or address.  Shady business indeed!Cozy and quaint byob. The food was especially very good, we enjoyed the shrimp scampi and the artichoke. And the pescatore pasta.
I was disappointed that after we had ordered the waiter has to come back and inform me they only had enough of the short rib at our table for one not 2. Being in a good mood i politely changed my order. Thou I was jealous when the short rib did come out to my family member.
I also was a little diss appointed that they forgot my cannoli for dessert. We were with a large group so instead of complaining I didn't say anything as I didn't want to hold up the others.
The tiramisu was extremely good and authentic. 
I just think with a large group they got a little overwhelmedWe decided to go to Porcini  because we had friends visiting from out of town who were running in a half marathon and they asked to go to an Italian Restaurant.  After looking at the reviews for Porcini, we decided to give it a try.  
The place is very small but we were seated promptly.  Overall, the food was ok but definitely not worth the price.  We got the Brussel sprouts which literally were two brussel sprouts cut into quarters and tossed with pancetta.  They were tasty but definitely not worth $8.  The capresse was good but again the portion was very small.  Two of us got their bolognese which was similar to what I can make at home.  My friend got the Gnocchi which was apparently very good.   I got their seafood special and was sick for much of the night afterward. 
The service was for much of the night was ok, not great and the waiter was unfriendly.  I felt like we were in their way and that they were waiting for us to eat and leave.  We did not feel welcomed at all.  
I would not recommend this restaurant.We had a fabulous time at this restaurant.  The service was excellent and the atmosphere was very warm and friendly.  I did read the reviews about people complaining about the wait (despite making a reservation) so I took it upon myself to call a half hour prior to my reze to see if they were running on time.  I should have been a rocket scientist!!! I'm so smart!  I would recommend doing that!My entrée was really tasty but not out of this world, but the service was very friendly and I loved the ambience of this little restaurant in a converted house, with low lighting that lent to a cozy feeling in the place. Also, the owner gave our table a little free wine when he saw that we didn't bring any of our own, which was very nice :)Went here for restaurant week with a co-worker. It was extremely crowded (I sat downstairs) and loud but the staff were attentive, knew it was crowded, and the food was pretty good. I thought the main course lacked some flavor but the rest of the meal was pretty innovative and delicious. The food was served at the perfect pace and at a good temperature. I'd give this place 3.5 stars if that was an option.Terrific vegetables and pasta served in a cute space. Very noisy but lively, not annoying.A great BYOB, ask if there are any surprises. Also, they will cook anything you want if you ask and they have the ingredients.Tiny place. Fun brothers.
Come for the good food. Stay for a fun chat with the two brothers who own the place. One is the chef, the other waiter/host. As we were ending our meal, both came out and chatted with us. We spent the whole time laughing. 
The place, at least the main floor, is tiny. It feels a bit like dining in someone's living room. The food follows that trend. It tastes as if it was home-cooked in Italy.one of my favorite Italian BYOB places in Philly. Good is reasonable priced, delicious and pretty homie. Owner is very friendly. Seating was arranged so tightly though, but it doesn't really bother me. Used the Yelp check-in offer and get the free dessert as well.I'm glad we randomly came here instead of going to the usual (La Viola). This place is TINY, and we lucked into a short 10min wait for a table of 4 (Mon night). The food here is superb and on that account alone this place would rate 5.
What we got:
Pulpo (octopus) - the BEST octopus I've had. tender and flavorful with none of the rubberiness
grilled artichoke - okay
Gamberetto con Gremolata (seafood pasta in a white wine sauce) - YAY
gnocchi - eh. sauce was pretty standard
saffron pasta (one of the specials) - this was the outstanding dish of the night. creamy and full of flavor. also, saffron? win.
Parpadella di Porcini (mushroom pasta) - really good too, with a very earthy feel. think good mushroom stock. 
Pros:
- BYO
- Great service: laid back, friendly but not intrusive
- Food
Cons:
- the tables are pretty tightly packed together, so it gets loud at times
- dessert was....bad.
- prices are a bit steeper than other places (we ended up at $40pp)
I think we might include this place in our regular Italian rotation (Modo Mio, La Viola) now, depending on the feel and group size.Puh-Lease.  Don't waste your time.  The food here is nothing special.  Which is the only reason I didn't mind the impossibly small portions...maybe the owners should take the fact that we're not finishing our impossibly small portions as a hint that the food sucks.  Just saying...This place is ok.  The first time I went, they put my group of 5 upstairs with an incredibly noisy family gathering.  The service is fine and the manager/owner is always very friendly, but the place is a bit cramped.  The food is not cheap but you can tell it's been made with care.  It's BYO which is a plus and it has a very intimate setting downstairs.
Bruschetta, grilled calamari, mussels for appetizers, homemade pastas as an entree make for a decent meal.  It's a bit pricey though.Ambiance is great. Cute small hole in the wall and great for date night. We came for Valentine's Day which was probably a mistake. They seemed to be understaffed and took on more than they could handle. Everyone was nice but we didn't get much attention during our time here. My husbands lobster dish was over cooked. And then for dessert we seemed to just have gotten whatever was left over. Everyone before us got two nice cakes plated well. We got a wine glass with scoops of chocolate mousse and was not even done well. Looked like they just plopped it in and no description of what we got or explanation why we got what we got compared to everyone around us.Best italian restaurant in Philly! The food was amazing, specially the caneloni bolognese. The staff was very friendly and polite. We loved the fact that is a BYOB restaurant. The atmosphere was great. We will go back!I have been struggling to find real Italian food in Philly, I moved here with my wife a couple of years ago and I have been checking several places. Personally this is my favorite by far, I found recipes which my grand mother used to cook. Small place, noisy but great staff and , to me , fantastic food. Must try the Ravioli con ossobuco.Some food is really good, some mediocre, and some not so good. All of the food/ ingredients are fresh and well made. The place is extremely small and staff is nice. Biggest downfall: very limited menu. It's worth going to if you live near by or are looking for a reasonably priced unpretentious Italian restaurant in the area. I would suggest giving it a try, unless you have a very large group and don't want to rent the whole place (which would be worth it if you did).David was a superb host, and seated us within 5 minutes. There were 4 of us, just back from a photo shoot and walk through philly, on a Saturday night, and we just wanted a quite relaxing warm place to sit and catch up.. the tables were intimately woven together, 30-35 people max downstairs and 38 upstairs, but very comfotable. I had the Chicken/Lemon Capers and pasta, and Fiance had salad, our friends had the Raviolli and Gnocchi - excellent!.. was incredible! Ricotta in olive oil was refreshingly different.. BYOB .. service was quick and friendly.. David came by to check in, and kept our equipment and belongings securely stored away. Hour later we left thrilled and thought to have our Rehearsal dinner there.. 10/10I met my friend for dinner here, and we had a fantastic meal! We came on a busy Friday night, only to discover I had made the reservation for Saturday not Friday - oops. The owner joked around with us and teased a little about the mix up but was more than accommodating and after a few minutes of waiting he seated us at our table. The dining room floor is very tiny, but gives a wonderful pleasant cozy atmosphere. We ordered the mushroom bruchetta which was yummy but not a must get. For our main course we got the ravioli and gnocchi. Both were to die for. Obviously fresh and hand made, the past was cooked to perfection. The ravioli came in the most perfectly delicious cream sauce I've ever had. The gnocchi were delicious as well, but definitely order the ravioli over the gnocchi.
Over all, a lovely wait staff, delicious food, and a nice atmosphere. This place is worth trying!!Porcini is a good little Italian BYOB neighborhood joint.  I imagine the new location of Melograno is giving the restaurant extra overflow business, a good thing, as many people would overlook the small storefront hidden on Sansome.  
Service  (the owner!?) has been uber-friendly and is one of the highlights of dining there.I'm going to save you a lot of time here and advise that if you are looking for a pleasant Italian dining experience, eat your dollars. Trust me, they will taste better what is served at this, dirty, poorly laid out, loud, and rudely staffed sh*t hole. Utterly stunned that it is still in business.Service was a little eh, but food was amazing! I love the fact that it's a BYO and they do not charge a corkage feeThis is a very solid BYO that will leave you satisfied and happy.  The restaurant itself is very quaint and intimate, but the small size makes it a bad place to go with a large group.  Also, reservations are a must due to the small size and popularity.  I enjoyed the veal that I ordered immensely.  Great date spot in Rittenhouse.One of the best meals I have had in some time. Love the intimate setting and the location. Service was great and the food was even better. I can't wait to go back.Is it worth the wait? Yes! Have I had better service at a Mc. D.s - sadly yes. Our waitress came by with a free dessert and promised to stop back by to take the order. We watched her checking her text messages around the corner for the next 15 minutes. When the host, an awesome guy with a great welcoming personality, stopped by with the check, we gave up on her. 
Outside of that, the food was excellent. We waited 30 minutes from past our reservation time to get seated, but the food more than made up for it. Plus, waiting is not the end of the world, it speaks to the authenticity and care they give their meals. It is a BYOB to boot so the bill was low given the quality of the food.
The appetizers were delicious and I felt like my ravioli really loved me back! The mood in the cramped dining room was always festive and I cannot wait to get back. Just hope we can have a server who understands the importance of actually asking for my order.Great food. Small little spot very cozy you feel like you're at home. Check t out def Byob  and enjoyExcellent meal! Excellent service. Highly recommend this restaurant. We didn't have a reservation and they welcomed us and accommodated us happily. Small and cozy like you're in grandmas house.Just went to Porcini tonight with some friends. The mozzarella cheese in the caprese salad tasted like it was made moments before in the kitchen. We also ordered the gnocchi (one of the best gnocchi I have ever had), the canollini, and ravioli. Everything was amazing, no complaints! Service was a bit slow but the waiter kept refilling the bread basket and the food was so good that we didn't even care. Thanks for a great night I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone and everyone if you're looking for good food in a good environment.We discovered this restaurant over 10 years ago when we moved to Philly - and it has remained a GEM both in terms of cuisine and service - intimate, casual dining, utterly authentic top-tier Italian preparations - a "human scale" restaurant for special occasions or just a romantic fling, Porcini is full of heart, grace and sublime culinary elegance - every bit as good as dining in an unpretentious small, local family-run trattoria in Italy.  Do NOT pass this up - still one of Philly's best kept culinary secrets - and it won't bust your budget either.SOOOOOOOOO GOOD!  We waited a little to get our tables even though we had reservations but the manager was very apologetic and ended up taking care of us. ABSOLUTELY WORTH THE WAIT! I'm very picky about Italian food because nobody beats mom's Italian cooking but this definitely tops the charts! Can't wait to go back next time I visit Philly.This is my favorite restaurant in Philly.  The owners are incredibly friendly, and the food is fresh, consistent, and delicious.  I have been there about 20 times and never had a dish that I didn't like.  If risotto is on the menu, don't miss it.  The chicken with prosciutto is another favorite.I love Porcini.  It's probably the smallest restaurant in the world but the food is great, the service is prompt and the owner is the schmooziest of schmoozers.  I've never had a bad time here and their Tiramisu is fantastic.The two Sicilian brothers who have been running this humble one-room bistro for the past sixteen years are definitely doing something right. I was shocked by how small the space is, but surrounding conversations were kept at a lull and you I didn't feel cramped in, even in a filled-to-capacity dining room.  
We started with the Octopus as an appetizer.  It was incredibly fresh and grilled to perfection in a lemon and olive oil sauce.
For my entree I had the Chicken Asiago served with prosciutto and parmesan with creamy polenta in a light tomato sauce.  Very rich and full of flavor.
This is a classic Philly BYOB that I would certainly recommend.  If you have a sense of humor, be sure to ask the owners to do their "Scarface" impression at the close of your meal..I promise you won't be disappointed.Great small Italian byob. Good was delicious and service was great. The restaurant is a bit cramped and can get loud if full so it is difficult to hear each other.Great food and service!
Veal is great!
Seafood pasta!
The owner and family take the Italian Food experience and authenticity very seriously!
Nice surprise.Great good and service!! Came with a party of 4 to celebrate a birthday and was very pleased with the choice. Place is small which makes you feel like you are dining in your own home. Server was very friendly, attentive and knowledgable. 
We ordered 3 appetizers to start with which were perfectly sized for sharing. Oxtail ravioli (on special) were awesome!!!  When ordering our entrees our server suggested 2 for 3 of us to split which was perfect since we weren't overly stuffed afterwards. 
The Gnocchi was in a delicious tomato sauce with plenty to share. The fish was delicate and grilled to perfection. Our other guest had the linguini with crab and was also a fantastic choice!! 
Great BYOB place in the city! Will definitely be back!!I had a wonderful dinner here a week ago at this small BYOB which started off a bit odd but ended with a full tummy and "we'll be back" good-byes.  The inside is small and the décor is a bit dated, but the menu looked fantastic and the place was lively on a Thursday night.  As soon as we walked in, it was terribly hot inside and the manager/owner (not sure) put his hand up for us to not move (while we stood awkwardly in the tiny door/entry way) and instructed us to "wait right there" as we almost crammed onto the first table in the middle of their dinner.  Not the best greeting but certainly not pretentious and we saw he was working amongst a bustling restaurant.  It was just enough awkwardness to make us giggle.
 "OPEN THAT DOOR and LEAVE IT OPEN" he yelled across the restaurant to us. Who us? Uh. Guess so? "Yea use that and prop the door open" Ummm.
Getting less funny, getting more hungry.
(Deep breath)
We're seated and instructed where and on what side to sit at our table, like children.
(Deep breath)
Opens wine immediately. 
Our meal started off with house bread- it was a bit dense but perfect for dipping.  The bread was accompanied by some fresh olive oil with ricotta cheese. This could have been a homerun with some salt and pepper or red pepper flakes on the table for some added kick- I appreciate having the option.  For appetizers, my date and I got some crazy good flavor bomb stuffed peppers that were the special app of the night. There were two - one red and one yellow- and they were filled with creamy (almost cheesy) risotto, sausage and topped with their elegantly simple sauce.  The sauce was a true taste of Rome in my opinion.  I cant stop thinking of them. 
For entrees, I got the Fettuccine Bolognese which was a large portion and authentic Italian.  Bonus points because all pasta is made from scratch in house which truly adds to the quality of this place.  The pasta is creamy, delicate, and smooth which allows for the stuffings/sauces to really shine.  My pasta was cooked perfectly, and the Bolognese was simple, powerful, and hearty. I had a bite of the Ravioli di Ossobucco- which was highly recommended and I can see why.  The ravioli was stuffed with braised, pulled veal shank, and fontina cheese, sautéed in sage butter, with Osso red gravy. Holy hell this was good. 
To finish- two cannoli of course. 
Bomb dinner. Until next time, arrivederci!!"The food was really good"
"The food is always good"
My exchange with my wife last night and sums up my experience here.Food was excellent, prices were good. Great BYOB. Seating was a little tight, restaurant was  little warm. I would definitely.
What I had:
Muscles- Great marinara highly recommend
octopus and squid -Excellent
osobucco -- Great, very flavorfulI've had dinner here twice, and tried to figure out what exactly it is about the food that kept me coming back. I guess the best way to describe it is that the food simply tastes fresh and real. The pasta is fresh and doughy in a way that makes you imagine it was just rolled from flour in the kitchen. The tomato sauce tastes like real tomatoes. 
This little bistro is cozy-- some tables are jammed right next to each other. It's not crowded, but it does feel a bit like you're having dinner with 20 other people in someone's living room. The wait staff is friendly and enthusiastic, and do a good job of making you feel at home.
Overall, a unique and plesant dining experience.Porcini's is very small and always crowded and therefore you will be very cramped and close to the party next to you.  I guarantee you will know what the people around you have ordered and you will probably wind up in a conversation with them as well.  I would guess that the place holds about 35 people. What the restaurant lacks in atmosphere is more than made up for in delicious home-style Italian cooking.  If you are familiar with real Italian cooking, this is the real deal.  The word to describe this place is "homey".  
The homemade gnocchis are the lightest I have ever tasted.  They are no longer a regular menu item but if you call ahead they will make them for you.  They will probably wind up a special for that evening. They always have several specials in addition to the regular menu items.  My only complaint is that the portions are on the small side, so be prepared to have an appetizer, salad and dessert with an espresso or cappuccino. The salads, appetizers and desserts are dynamite as well. Also, do not be afraid to ask for more bread. I have been there numerous times and never had an entree that didn't please. It is BYOB. You can park directly across the street in a parking garage, have your ticket validated in the restaurant and receive a discount on your parking.This is my all-time favorite place for dinner, and a great BYOB.  I always want to go here and I usually do at least on my birthday and Valentine's day.  The things I must have every time are the chicken in the tomato white wine sauce (Pollo Valled'Aosta), and the mushroom appetizer.  My fiance always gets the canneloni.  It is a great place to have an intimate, delicious meal and drink a bottle of wine (or two)!  The owner has a great passion/enthusiasm for the food.  I always look forward to hearing him speak about the specials.  Also the desserts are fantastic and perfect for sharing.  Everything is so fresh.  I am hoping to go there for my birthday in Sept!!  I have recomended this place to a few other people, and all who try it love it just as much!  Also, shockingly I have not had the caesar but my friends told me that it's so good they dream of it at night.Usually have a great experience here, however, last night was disappointing. There were no vegetables with my Chicken Milanese instead a dish of pasta which then makes the dish overpriced. We were rushed out including telling us they needed the table, yet did not ask the table behind us to go that has the same size party and were seated earlier. Another, larger table, had been there even longer than them and weren't rushed either.  We were just finishing our bottle and would have been gone in five minutes anyway so it all seems unnecessary.  Perhaps the difference was that we'd already paid the tip.  The chefs were also heard cursing about getting people the "fuck" out. Seems likes bad night for this place that I usually rave about.Good food, BYO, good prices, and cute place, but TOO SMALL!  The waiter made me move my purse off the back of the chair b/c it was in the walkway.  My friend had to move the whole table just to get to her seat!  There are enough BYO Italian places in town that I haven't been back again.Food was very good. I ordered the Cannelloni for entre and loved it. The atmosphere was great, the owner was very nice and funny and the service was good. The place is very tight and just getting from my seat to the bathroom was tough but overall I would def. go back. Also, BYOB so the wine was perfect.The veal is always outstanding!
The clams w pasta special was great as was the egg plant app and the arugula salad
Finally, easy to converse.
Feel like u r in a small Italy Restaurant!Very unfriendly owner. My group was urged to finish dish quicklyI can't say nice enough things about this restaurant. I'm not normally a reviewer, but I had to talk about the extraordinary service I received last night. I was celebrating my birthday and this restaurant went above and beyond to make sure my dinner was special. They moved around tables, took care of everyone, and treated us like royalty. I felt like I was celebrating my birthday at a friend's house (if my friend was an amazing chef). Beyond the fantastic service, the food was incredible. Everyone (we were a party of 12, which is never easy to manage) ordered something different and we all raved about our dishes. Plus just the simple addition of the ricotta and oil with the bread (which they generously restocked) made the dinner feel so elegant. I will definitely be back soon!!Brought a client here for dinner (7 others and myself) and scored some big points as a result. We are upstairs which is roomier than downstairs and a great space. Food was as good Italian as you will find anywhere. All the deserts were spectacular but the cannoli was extraordinary. I ordered another one, cut it up and made everyone try it. The ricotta was sooooo fresh!!! Service was perfect as well. Thank You Porcini!!Upon entering the restaurant, my boyfriend and I quickly realized how incredible tiny this place is! It isn't the easiest to get around, so if you're a diner that prefers your space while eating, this may not be the restaurant for you (claustrophobic, beware!) Right away, we were pleasantly greeted by the server and soon after, the chef (who may or may not be brothers). Both were adorable, welcoming and very friendly. I'm someone that enjoys personal interaction with the staff and especially chefs of the restaurants I visit, so I appreciated that gesture. 
We came during restaurant week and neither of us have been here before. The food presented for each course was delicious. We started off the meal with the artichoke spring rolls and grilled shitake mushroom caps with asiago cheese and a sweet balsamic sauce. The artichoke spring rolls were delectable. They contained all of the elements a properly-made spring roll: texture, crunch and flavor. Yum.. thinking back on them makes me hungry. The shitake mushroom caps were also very tasty. Each bite contained sweet, savory and a little bit of saltiness. If you share them, don't expect there NOT to be a quarrel over who gets the last one! 
For our salads, we both chose caesar since they were running low on caprese. I'm a big fan of caesar, and I commend Porcini on their house made tangy dressing: not too creamy with the perfect touch of acidity. For our entrees, I ordered the St. Pietro Cartoccio, which is sweet white fish baked in parchment paper with white wine, capers, olives and diced plum tomatoes. My boyfriend chose the Maliai con Pistachio, a pistachio honey crusted pork tenderloin. Both were quite satisfying. The fish was flaky, sweet and buttery. The acidity from the plum tomatoes played well with the capers, white wine and creamy risotto, and the olives added a little burst of salt that rounded out the flavor profile of the dish. My only complaint, was that the fish was undercooked toward the middle and the risotto too, could have used more time boiling. I unfortunately had to send it back to be cooked longer. The pork dish was cooked to perfection. The pistachio crust was nutty, crunchy and added great flavor to the meat. This is a dish I would return for, or possibly try to recreate on my own. 
For dessert, we were given a chocolate-chip cannoli and a "sandwich" with puff pastry, cream and chocolate mousse. They were good, but nothing special shined through them. 
**The reason I only gave this restaurant 3 stars, is because at the end of the meal, when dessert was finished and the bill was paid, a sudden loud fight erupted in the kitchen. The small room we sat in with a few tables of satisfied, chatty diners could hear every profane word exploding from the wide-open kitchen door only a few feet away. It noticeably made everyone remaining in the room, very uncomfortable. Overall, my experience was good, but next time-- take the cat fight out back fellas!I first ate at Porcini probably 8 or 9 years ago, and have probably been another 6 or 7 times, most recently last night after a several year hiatus (since I don't live in Philly anymore).
My date and I were wondering if it would be as good as we remembered, or if a few years hitting the NYC Italian restaurants would have made it seem weak in comparison.  In my opinion, Porcini is just as good as the NY restaurants.  The host/owner (David I think?) makes you feel welcome right away.  The salads were fresh, and pasta delicious - especially the lump crab spaghettini my girlfriend ordered.  My sausage dish was a little more plain, but still tasty with a few grinds of black pepper.
BYO is a bonus, though I can't stand the wine and spirits stores in Philly.
I will be back!Meh... The gnocchi everyone seems to rave about is supermarket quality. The gnocchi sauce has the consistency of Costco salsa and it is not spicy---it's hot and over peppered. The beef on the short rib is stringy. The service is idiosyncratic. We were a party of 4 with 2 people running late; they sat the 2 of us, but refused to let us order appetizers or bring us bread until the rest of the party arrived. The bread stinginess continued throughout the meal. They would bring 4 small slices and wait for us to ask for more. The olive oil for dipping the bread was excellent (taste-wise probably the best part of the meal), but rationed to at most an ounce per table and never topped off. And since when are $20+ entrees and mostly $10+ appetizers $$? If you want a better experience, go to Giorgio's on Pine (on days when Giorgio is there it's the best italian food in Center City).I'd been to Porcini once before and had a better experience, but even with that there are many Italian restaurants in Philadelphia that I would recommend over Porcini (think Melograno, La Viola, Osteria, etc).
We called ahead and made a reservation specifically because my brother was running the marathon and needed to eat/go to sleep early. The reservation group ahead of us (7pm) waited over half an hour to get seated, we waited 45 minutes (7:15 reservation) as did the party behind us. The host was rude and service was terrible the entire rest of the meal. We waited too long for our entrees and ended up getting done more than an hour after I had planned to finish eating.
The food was ok (especially liked the ravioli appetizer) but for the price, wait, terrible service, and less than ideal atmosphere, your money is better spent elsewhere.I was trepidations about Porcini, after reading some of the reviews here, My fiance assured me that the food was consistently good there , and had eaten there with her Italian Friends. The dinning room is very small, so be assured you will be able to hear your neighbors discussions. The staff there are extremely friendly, and helpful. They are very aware of the space constraints and do everything possible to make everyone comfortable. 
The portions are not huge, but I felt like they were the right amount of food for the dishes. This is not the olive garden! there is no never ending pasta bowl! if that is what your looking for, this is not the place for you. On the other hand if you are looking for well prepared dishes where each ingredient is proportioned just right, this is the place. 
The white bean brochette app. was amazing, the beans were so well cooked and seasoned that they were creamy, to the point you wanted to savor each one in your mouth. The lemon dressing on the perfectly cooked squid enhanced the flavor, but was light enough to let the squid do it's thing. The gnocchi were perfect, the pasta of the ravioli, could have been eaten without stuffing. Sauces were flavorful, without overbearing the rest of the flavors. 
i think the food is slightly different than some peoples expectations of Italian food, not exactly bold and spicy, but more subtle and refined. Bring a good bottle of wineor two, because the well placed flavors will also compliment a fine wine. Enjoy!What a wonderful experience we had dining at Porcini! We were planning on going somewhere else for dinner but the restaurant was close. So we called at 8:00 and they got us in at 9! Upon arriving there was another family waiting. It's a BYOB in the city, so except to wait 20-30 minutes for your table. Food was amazing and service
Was wonderful!!! We ended up ordering an additional entree because everything was so good! You are going to have a wait so bring a few cups & a wine opener to enjoy while you wait!! 
On the negative posts about a family having to wait: 
There was an issue with a family having to wait 27 minutes for their table. Upon getting their table they were demanding answers why their table wasn't ready on time and calling the person that works there an idiot. They could have just appreciated that their table was ready & sat to have a good meal. I have never seen anyone act that way and I'm glad the worker took it upon himself and stood his ground!Had a jolly time dining. According to my partner it is how Italian food is made. I agree and had a decent Porcini pasta. Delicioso. .Place was very small... You can hear the next table's conversation one inch from your ear. Food was mediocre. Small portions in my opinionGreat food and service. The food was excellent and the service was second to none. We were seated right away with no issues. It's a small place, I have no problems with that; however, it was very loud (due also bc of some very loud people). Strongly recommend.David and Steve are maniacs, in the best possible sense. Have eaten there for years, lots of pressure on keeping that small dining room moving fast. I met my wife there, she was a waitress, so I have to love the place... good food, always fresh, never a miss with the fish.Super friendly owners make this tightly cramped restaurant worthwhile.  Plus, the food is delicious.  They also let our table, which had close to 5 bottles of wine on it, open 2 bottles at a time, unlike some BYO's which have a "one bottle at a time" rule.  Eating at Porcini is reminiscent of going to your Italian grandmother's house for Sunday dinner.  But unlike grandma's, this place isn't free. Darn.We love the brothers!!! The gnocchi is to die for! Steve makes the best anywhere! Dave is the ultimate host. Make you feel like you are in their dining room having dinner with them. Can never go wrong dining here. A rittenhouse mainstay and must!Porcini used to be my go to spot for solid Italian... but the last few times my experience has been sub par. My last visit was on Saturday, the calamari was over cooked and my pasta seemed like it was right out of a box. 
In my past visits, everything was cooked to perfection. Hopefully these were isolated incidents. If you have never been here, seating is very very tight. Expect to almost be sharing a table with another coupleI apologize in advance for what is going to be quite a long review, but food this good deserves detail:
The carpaccio was not on the menu, but a regular patron had requested it, and after he waved it in my mother's face she asked for a serving of her own, which was promptly tenderized while we waited (bang bang bang, such a lovely sound to hear while you dip your bread in olive oil so good that it didn't even need garlic or pepper). As a vegetarian I didn't try it, but my parents and sister were quite complimentary.
The filet mignon medallions in wild mushroom sauce were listed as a special entree, but again accommodating us, the chef/owner did them up as an appetizer, and my sister is still salivating over them six hours later. She sopped up the sauce with the bread because she couldn't bear to see it go to waste. 
A pear and  Regina cheese salad with homemade dressing of a very nuanced flavor (I think he said the sweetness was apricot) was not the most exciting item, but my mother was enchanted. 
And the gnocchi. Oh. My goodness. The light texture, the roasted sage that permeated the olive oil, the chestnuts adding just the perfect crunch to the softness of the gnocchi itself. I would recommend going here for the gnocchi alone. Seriously.
As for entrees, I only tried the farfalle that my mom and sister got (skipped the pancetta) and was very much impressed by the quality and texture of the pasta and the lightness of the cream sauce (it seems Pecorino cheese is the key).
And then the scallops. As my sister put it, "It melted in my mouth - I didn't know scallops could melt!" They were indeed perfection. The only "meat" I eat is shellfish, so if I say the scallops are good, you're hearing it from someone with a great wealth of experience - and these were /fantastic/. 
My mom and I ordered the tiramisu for dessert, and it was soaked through with Amaretto and soooooooo good. Light, fluffy, perfect. My dad ordered a pumpkin flan that he enjoyed, but I did not find particularly interesting, and my sister ordered the cannoli with cocoa-flavored ricotta and a crispy shell, which I would not normally enjoy, but found irresistible. 
And to wrap up this description of what I'm sure you now realize was the best meal I have had in a LONG time, I would like to say that the brothers who own the place were impeccable hosts. They came out and discussed each dish with us, sang my sister happy birthday, and personally went out to make sure that we got the proper discount at the parking garage. Bonding of a very high order occurred. So while this may have been a very different experience on a busy night, I am firmly in the camp with those who find Porcini's a quaint and welcoming little restaurant that serves some of the best damn Italian food imaginable.My wife and I love this place. Great food, great service and great atmosphere.  We usually go to the comedy club across the street once a year and always stop in Porcini. Its BYOB which is great. Food is always good, the owner is always there and very friendly. We considered having our wedding rehearsal here but we had too many people... Highly recommend.Phenomenon !!!
If you want to stay at 20 bucks per person if you want to spend 60 bucks person it will be possible.
The service is great :D 
The place is small and cozy. I had a great experience in here :D reserve on weekends or if you come late on week nightsIf you like the idea of a friendly, cozy Italian BYOB that serves delicious food, but is not trendy or impressed with itself, then I think you will love Porcini.
My husband and I came here for restaurant week and because we had tickets to a play at the Interact theater just a few doors down on Sansom Street.  We thoroughly enjoyed our meal, and it was a great value at $35 for appetizer, salad, entree and dessert. The food came quickly and was beautifully presented, and tasty from start to finish. I particularly enjoyed the main dish of canneloni bolognese which was made with homemade pasta, a mix of beef, pork and veal, and a creamy tomato sauce.  My husband loved his mussels with linquine and saffron. I tasted them as well, and unlike most mussels that you might get in an Italian restaurant, they were not overpowered with garlic but had a really subtle delicious flavor.
The ambiance of this restaurant is cozy and romantic, paintings of Italy adorn the walls and soft music plays.  You might feel you were in Italy. Yes, the tables are close together, and I suspect it might feel packed and noisy on a busy Saturday night, but for an weeknight dinner, pre theater, it was perfect, and we were in and out in an hour. 
The restaurant is run by two brothers, one is Steve the chef and the other is the Dave.  Dave came around and greeted all the guests many of whom appeared to be regulars. That was a real personal touch and we were really made to feel welcome and appreciated. I overheard Dave say that they have been in business almost 20 years. That is quite an accomplishment in the restaurant biz and obviously they have a loyal customer base.
We enjoyed our meal so much we are planning to return to Porcini next time we have theater tickets!As a New York- Philadelphia transplant, I've really had a hard time finding a restaurant with great Italian food in Philly.  After reading the numerous positive ratings on Yelp about Porcini's reasonable prices and delicious food, I was pumped to try it out with some friends of mine. 
When you walk in the place, it is very cozy (almost felt like walking into a doll house).  Upon receiving our food, I was very surprised, however, that all of the entrees were TINY appetizer portions.  I've never experienced this at an Italian restaurant in my life. And, contrary to previous posts, the food was fairly expensive. (Average of $25 per entree).  The taste was just OK - nothing to write home about. Two friends ordered the veal, one ordered the Cannelloni, and I ordered the shrimp with pasta.  We actually all left hungry and in search of another place to eat.  
On a positive note, the staff seemed friendly.Friendly staff and good food. This place is small and seating is cramped. I recommend making a reservation or take your chances on getting a table.I give Procini only 4 stars because of it's lackluster ambiance, but the food was so phenomenal that I could have been eating in a cell block and not have minded much.
The house-made ricotta that was brought out moments after we settled in was divine. So creamy that it made me wonder if it was butter at first, but so light that I concluded it wasn't.
My entree was spaghetti del mar and I found myself practically licking the plate! It tasted so incredibly fresh. The sauce was sweet and light and delectable. The portion was certainly not huge, but I am someone who prefers a portion size that is meant to be eaten in one sitting and doesn't leave you feeling bloated.
Like many BYOs, it is a teeny tiny place so don't come unless you're ready to make friends with your neighbors. The service is intimate and friendly to the point of being familial. 
As long as you know what to expect as far as decor and space issues go, I don't think you will be disappointed with Porcini. Magnifico!My wife and I wanted to enjoy an early Valentine's Day dinner.  We chose Porcini, our favorite neighborhood BYOB, because the food is ALWAYS delicious and the hospitality unmatched.  Yes, it's a smallish space, but the warmth of David and Steven busts out the walls.  We started our meal, as always, with what is definitely one of the best Caesar salads in Philly.  My wife then had the zuppe de pesce featuring striped bass that was line caught yesterday, day boat scallops, shrimp, mussels...you get the idea.  I had the scallops alone, simply sauteed and garnished with crispy fried leeks.  Out- standing.   
For great, straight-forward Italian, no drama and a wonderful vibe,  you just can't beat Porcini.  Thanks guys for kicking off a really happy Valentine's Day.Diamond in the Rough.  Small but intimate.  Dinner feels like you are dining with everyone in the restaurant.  Which is great because you wind up conversing with patrons at adjoining tables.  Food was great especially the appetizers.  We ordered quite a few appetizers to share at the table.  Two brothers run the place (one is the cook).  They are very accommodating and quite comical.  Prices are not bad especially because it is B.Y.O.B.  Dinner was about $50 per person with tip.  Looking forward to a return trip.The owner is xenophobic or something. Completely unnecessary. Walked in without a reservation so I wanted to ask the restaurant if there was any space that night. Nobody helped us, so we waited for a few minutes. (You can't NOT notice us. It's a TINY room). We see that there are about 4-5 empty tables, so we though hey, maybe they want us to seat ourselves? The menus are out and there are no "reserved" signs on them. We slowly walk to an empty table, and the manager RUNS over and shouts very loudly, "EXCUSE ME. EXCUSE ME. But do YOU have a reservation?" and gives me a one-over. I politely told him no but I was wondering if they had openings that evening.
He gives me a dirty look and says, "NO." As my friend and I proceed to leave, he felt the need to walk behind us and follow us out, shutting the door behind us. 
First off, we'll close the door nicely on our way out. You don't need to push us out and treat us like criminals.
Second, there were no ethnic minorities in the restaurant, and your dirty looks did not help your cause. Just saying...
Third, you're way overpriced. I had a phenomenal meal elsewhere afterwards and was glad I paid only 2/3 the price of this wretched place. 
You will no longer have my friends' or family's business from now on.First of all, this place is tiny!  It's probably not the best spot for a large group for an impromptu dinner.  Reservation would be a must since it gets quite crowded by 8pm.  I started with the grilled calimari marinated in lemon and capers.  It's very good and should get the lips smacking.  Just like lot of the reviewers said, definitely bring a bottle.  If you didn't prepare, no worries, there is a wine shop with a great selection just a block and half down the street.  I had the Tagliatelle pasta with sweet sausage and it was very good.  Sausage can be a bit salty but with the pasta, it's a good blend.  My company had the special fish, St. Petersburg, and Pescadora pasta.  The latter is outstanding.  All of it went down very well with the great bottle of San Angel Pinot Grigio from Tuscany.  We opted for the vanilla custard for dessert and it was so good.  Overall, it's a great cozy little place for very good italian without blowing out the budget.Without a doubt the best Italian food in Philadelphia.  Been coming here for 15 years now and they continue to amaze us with their service, food quality and overall atmosphere.  This is our go-to place if we want good quality Italian food in Philly.  Its a staple in the area and we bring all of our out-of-towners here.  Thank you to the owners and staff for making every meal here delicious and every visit a memory.Ordered the pork fettuccine pasta, and chicken entree, and a side of garlic bread. The food is super duper yum!! Service is fantastic! It's BYOB but we forgot to take our own booze so the server very sweetly gave us a glass of white wine each - and did NOT charge us for it!  we finished our meal off with the tiramisu + chocolate mousse - both were super duper yum! Don't go here for the ambience (it's a small place so tables are really close to each other) but go here for the food.. which the server said is "homemade"! Paid $76 excluding gratuity.Great food and great service.  The owner and chef were very nice and engaging. Recommend highly.Dined here once...not really looking forward to doing it again any time soon. The food was OK, nothing splendid. The pasta I had was really nice (but then it is an Italian restaurant after all...) 
My biggest pet peeve with this place is the lack of space and good quality service. The time I went this place was packed. We literally had to make a couple sitting next to us leave their chairs so we could squeeze into our table. The dim lighting in the restaurant didn't help with me trying not to run into chairs/tables/walls/people's toes. Also, I wish this place had better service, caught some unfriendly/minor attitude from the wait staff. I've been to other Italian restaurants in Rittenhouse Square and had way better experience than this. 
3 Star for the food and 1 Star for the experience.This place is small. Like 8 tables small. We even got bumped around by the waiters a bit, but this place is awesome so long as you know what you're getting into. Our food was delicious and we actually enjoyed the atmosphere. This is a great place to try out if you want good Italian food in a small, no-nonsense, but still elegant place.I usually don't do Italian dinner, not my choice when going out. Well, bunch of co workers who were meeting another one from out of state came here. They made the decision , I didn't know where we were going. It was very small, one of the owners' knew girl I worked with, they ordered wine, entrees, it wasn't Olive garden, Much better, risotto, lemo-chello was nice..entrees were little higher,-paying for area & Philly, too.. Nice, but I'd rather try go somewhere else. Parking a bitch, if youre not from Philly., located on small street.Consistently fabulous. Try the tilapia and the cream puff desserts.Favorite place in Philadelphia for Italian food.  Small, very small but worth every centimeter.  BYOHands down our favorite restaurant.  Why?  It's all about enjoying the experience.  The food is phenomenal.  The owners make you feel like old friends.  It's not overpriced or pretentious.  Food is presented simply so that the meal can speak for itself.
It is a small room but, when other patrons have the right attitude, we've had some great cross-table conversations.  Everyone is there to enjoy themselves and it creates a great vibe.
Do yourself a favor and go on a week night and check you ego when you have to wait a little for a table.  In fact, bring an extra bottle of wine and stuff a corkscrew in your pocket as a backup to pass the time.
We've never had a bad meal at Porcini.This is one of my favorite places to eat in Philadelphia.  In a city which has many BYOB joints, this little restaurant has good food for decent prices.  The waits are often long and the service can be slow, but they have a seafood pasta to die for!  Not to mention never overdone calimari.  I have heard mediocre reviews for the raviolis and sometimes they run out of specials, but come-on, this is not Bucca di Beppo people.  They make everything from scratch.  Things run out.  A great place to bring a date!I had such a wonderful experience at Porcini. Our table was not ready when we arrived but the owner came outside and opened one of our bottles of wine for us so we could have a drink while waiting. The service was excellent and the food was amazing. My two friends from out of town were extremely impressed. The restaurant is tiny and can get loud, but it is worth it for an incredible Italian meal. They take credit cards, which is a huge bonus considering so many BYO's in center city do not.After reading the reviews, and noticing a Yelp deal, my beau and I decided to try this place out while visiting DC... and we were so glad we did.
BYOB - so grab a bottle of wine or two before heading over, they happily open the bottles and have no corkage fee.
The place is quaint, it seems like a converted home... it's a small narrow room, dim lighting, and a few small tables (probably could seat max 25-30).  We called ahead to make sure they had room, and they said they could take us.
We placed our appetizer order of cozze nerre, the mussels were delicious and the sauce was so good we wouldn't let them take the plate until we sopped it up with our bread.  I had the gnocci arrabiatta for dinner, it had a medium/high spice level and I thought it was lovely.  My guy had gamberi con gremolata - and that was incredible!  I kept sneaking my fork over to his plate in order to steal the well seasoned, flavorful shrimp.
For checking in, we recieved two mille fiori for free!  It was sort of like an italian puff pastry, very tasty and light.
The owners are characters, they speak with each table, and you can tell they truly enjoy the restaurant, it's a labor of love.  This place is quirky, unusual, but also fun.  
Buon appetito!This is by far both my and my fiance's FAVORITE little Italian restaurant byo. It may be tiny, but the food is just to die for. Every single item on the menu is fantastic- there is no other way to describe it. The chef has a way of turning ordinary italian food into something amazing and sets the bar extremely high for other places. 
I've been here several times, and most recently, I went on a Saturday night and ordered the pappardelle pasta with lump crabmeat. Outstanding. Full of flavor, and just the perfect size. I also ordered the house salad and that was delicious too. You really can't go wrong with any item on the menu. I highly, HIGHLY recommend!!!If you are expecting the ambiance and flamboyance of Dolce, go to Dolce.
If you are expecting fantastic homemade pasta and sauces, come to Porcini.  
What this tiny restaurant lacks in pizazz it makes up for in delicious food.  We had the quatro bruschetta, scallops, a pasta special and the ravioli.  All were absolutely fantastic.  Like, last meal on earth fantastic.  The desserts were above average, (we had ricotta cheesecake and flan) but not what you go there for.  The portions were just right--everyone cleaned their plates but didn't over eat.
The service was also fantastic.  We opened up the restaurant at 5:30, and left around 8.  We were the only ones there at the beginning, but the restaurant was quite full for a Monday night by the time we staggered home.  I will be back as soon as I can!My new favorite Italian byob.  It's plain simple, delicious looking and tasting food.  Yesterday, was the first day of spring, in my opinion.  We decided to walk over to porcini instead of Melograno, and will continue to do so.  This meal was perfectly executed in my opinion.  
Gnocchi in San Marzano spicy red sauce was phenomenal!
Egg noodles and mushroom sauce, mmmmm, perfect and delicate with a tad of richness.
The star of the meal had to have been the filet appetizer.  I thought it was going to be a carpaccio for some reason, but I was pleasantly surprised with 4 succulent bites of meat with balsamic glaze and a perfectly paired cheese.  So good.
They obviously have regulars and I can see why.
Sorry, had to mention the tiramisu.  We unlocked a free dessert on yelp, and my boyfriend ordered it to go...I don't think he realized it was pretty rude to order a free dessert to go, so maybe that's why it was a tiny portion? 
I really liked that the chef came out and spoke to us about the meal, too.
Thanks for a great meal:)One word: yummy!!! Very good food.. Service was ok. Very tight place but the food  makes up for it.The food is amazing and the service is wonderful but it's a little on the pricier side with a small menu. It's BYOB so take advantage. the eggplant appetizer is one of my favorite dishesI've been eating at Porcini for years and you know what? I keep going back.
My husband and I dined here on a busy Friday night and were greeted immediately by the owner, who seems genuinely happy to see everyone.  Food is delicious and service is prompt.  The chef even came out to ask how things were.  
Next up - learning how to speak Italian because it sounds so cool when the owners are doing it!Porcini is amazing!!! Had my 36th birthday dinner here. The food was exquisite. When the owner found out it was my birthday they gave my a complimentary tiramisu cake and sang Happy Birthday. My entire party loved the food and we can't wait to go back. Cheers to Porcini!!!Gosh,  I went to Porcini 10 years ago for my PhD dinner and even recall how great that St. Peter's Fish was....How could  I have waited another 10 years to get back?  Being a CC foodie I eat everywhere and last night's meal was TOPS! Got the special pasta entree as a split second course - what a great idea - and the sea bass with the skin was SO yummy.....Great service, ambiance, can't ask for much more for a well priced (superb price point actually) meal and experience.I have dined here twice, and the first time I enjoyed the food. The second time I didn't even get to eat.
I am completely appalled at the service from this restaurant. I was with a group of eight, and when we started ordering, a couple of us just wanted to order salads. The waiter very rudely told us this 'wasn't a sort of place to just order an appetizer' and we needed to order entrees as well. I have worked in the service industry for 5 years, and in every single restaurant I have ever worked in, the customer is always right no matter what they would like to order. Never in my life have I been so disrespected by a server, and I will never even think about dining here again.
On a more pleasant note, my entire group went to Mama Palmas, which is an italian pizzeria BYO on 22nd and Spruce after he told us what we could and could not order and we had a fantastic time. I would absolutely recommend it.Second time I've been here and both times have been excellent. Really cozy, small and nice. The people are ever so nice and attentive. They gave us excellent recommendations and descriptions of the menu and made sure we got exactly what we craved.Celebrating a new job offer, my boyfriend and I made a reservation for 7:30 p.m. Saturday at this tiny little BYOB.
My favorite part of the meal was when the chef came out to ask how we liked our dishes. It's that kind of service that really sets a place like Porcini apart from the pack of Italian restaurants in the area.
I opted to order off the menu, as I've been checking out all of the area's chicken parms lately. This one was really tender and tasty, but the price tag ($22) was off-putting.
My boyfriend chose the chicken asiago, and it was SO good. If we go back someday, I'll definitely be asking for that. I was actually a little jealous of his meal!
I also really liked that we were seated next to the front window. It gave less of a cramped feel. I think I counted 10 tables in all, but they were all accounted for during our visit.This restaurant is hands down the number one place to go for authentic Italian. The inside looks like a scene from an old Italian film. You are pretty much shoulder to shoulder with the people sitting next to you which is fine by me. The service you receive from from Dave and Steve are phenomenal. They make you feel so welcome there like you are family. Every time I have been there, the first thing I do is walk into the kitchen to say hello to steve and the gang. Never once do I look at their menu, I always ask steve (owner and head chef) to just make me what ever he feels like and not once have I been let down. Beautiful little BYOB. Whenever you are craving Italian, head to Porcini.Went last night with two friends and had a great experience. We ordered the Filetto alla Griglia to share. I ordered the fresh fettuccine with tomato sauce and my friends both got the Rigatoni alla Bolognese. The steak appetizer was perfectly cooked and really nice to share. All three pastas were cooked just right and we loved the sauce! The owner really goes out of his way to make everyone feel at home and welcome. He greeted every table and seemed genuinely passionate about creating a great experience all around. Our dessert was also AMAZING. Will be going back! 5/5 would recommend! Tip- try to get a reservation because the restaurant is small and intimate.Very good Italian! My girlfriends and I came here for a Galentine's day dinner. Very small little place but it filed up quick! I loved my Frutti De Mare Entree... very fresh pasta and seafood! The staff was super helpful with explaining the menu and was so sweet with us being out for Valentines Day. I will be back for sure! Loved that it was BYOB.Went here for a work dinner with a party of six on Sunday night. Overall the food was pretty good. The three way bruschetta for an app was my favorite part. I also got a Caesar salad which was fine, nothing special. Dinner was spaghetti although I really wanted meatballs or bolognese but the menu was very limited due to restaurant week. BYOB so we made sure to bring some wine. The place is TINY. The service was good for us even though I see others have had some issues in the past. The size doesn't really bother me except for the fact that it was so incredibly loud in there. I don't know if I would return, but if I did it would be on a regular night and not during a time with a limited menu.so cute and cozy! the staff was amazing!!! food was equally amazing!!!! and i was very surprised by the low amount on the bill!!!!!! the byob is key.This was my first time to Porcini.  The waitresses, manager, everyone was soooo nice and the service was great.  As many have mentioned, it is tiny and tight but we were comfortable.  It's just a part of the city at a byob and was not an issue at all.  We were seated right away too.
The food was delicious!  Definitely a high quality establishment.  I will come again.incredible homemade gnocchi. this narrow BYO was the setting for a good friend's birthday party. we were a little late getting our whole party there for the reservation time but they sat those of us that were there when the table was ready. the servers were helpful and when i gave my friend a birthday toast, everyone on the first floor stopped to listen and cheer for my friend's special day. it was a really nice experience and i'll be coming back!Outstanding food.
Outstanding Service.
SMALL & Hard to get a table, but worth it if you can get in!
Love this place.Italian food at it's best.  And BYOB!  Lively staff and owner, terrific food, small cozy place to chat and relax.I just wanted to post a review of this business. Even though it was so tiny and crowded, the staff made a point to make us feel comfortable. The food, well what can I say.. Marone!  Delicioso!!l  Light and pillowy ravioli in a blush sauce with fresh peas, perfect risotto, amazing  veal Marsala type dish, home made tiramisu. All cooked to perfection. Bravo!  Thank you!Yummy but VERY noisy. Small portions.
The pasta is quite good and the owner will make just about anything you want. Specials often include homemade gnocchi .Experience
Waited awkwardly at the door while they got my table ready even though they had a reservation for me on file. At one point a hostess shut the door in my face as I patiently waited for a table I made a reservation for. 
Food
Good. I'd say about 7/10. Honestly I'd only come here if it was resturant week, not really worth it otherwise.Amazing just amazing! The food was phenomenal, the service was great, and we throughly enjoyed the entire experience and would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for an authentic delicious Italian meal in Philadelphia. The space is small so make sure to have a reservation you won't regret it!If you love food out of a box and are an inexperienced diner, then you will like this place, This is the type of food that was popular in the seventies and eighties. This is a place where you can have a plate of crappy pasta with cream sauce. It's a place where frozen pasta is "Fresh" and where everything is bland and fatty and mild. 
It's the type of food that mothers across the country make for their kids. That is a fine thing, and i am not dismissing that. However, it isn't the type of food that should be served in a restaurant. Save your money and open a can of chef boy-ar-dee. Same quality, lower price.Over priced, poor quality food.. I am being generous giving this 2 stars.. small and not very well kept, tables were not neatly set some had salt pepper and cheese, some didn't very disappointed.. I ordered the special stuffed shells and meatballs, shells were crunchy baked and overcooked, save yourself 28bucks and buy some sangiorgio pasta and Ragu.. Meatballs were nothing but ground beef.. no flavor..will never go back..the cappuccino was nothing but some folgers in my cup.. The server didn't know if they had any hot tea.. guess what.. big surprise.. they didn't.. 2 appetizers 2 entres 1 cup of cappuccino and a desert was $124.00  as I think about it.. I just removed a star..Went to dinner on a week night for a party of 5 and two people from our party were running late. The manager and staff were very understanding and friendly about it, they let us sit down to look at the menu and begin drinking the wine we had brought. I ordered the beef short ribs osso buco with risotto and it was amazing! The appetizers we ordered were a little on the smaller side, but still very delicious. I recommend this as a great BYOB Italian restaurant, with a very accommodating and friendly staff.I stumbled into this restaurant accidentally as I had walked down the block dozens of times and never noticed it before.  Last night a friend and I walked past it and decided to go in and I ate one of the best meals of my life, and definitely the best dessert here!  I can't believe I didn't know about it sooner!  The staff is as wonderful - friendly and helpful- as the food is delicious!  The chef was friendly but not designer, if you know what I mean.  This restaurant is a gem I didn't know was hidden on the block.  I will definitely be back.Porcini is the real deal, at reasonable prices. We had a 6:15 reservation and were seated immediately. The small place was packed. I saw the rigatoni with Bolognese being passed around at another table and I fell in love. We had two bottles of wine so they brought four wine glasses plus water; we ordered two apps plus the rigatoni. Props to the gentleman at the front door who said he eats that every day! 
  I loved the atmosphere, attitude, garlic bread, rigatoni, and the whole restaurant singing for birthdays and anniversaries. Next time in Philadelphia, this will be our first stop!I had never noticed this small place on Sansom, but a couple we went on a double date with made a reservation. I was really glad that they did. It is very small, maybe with room for 25 people inside maximum. The food was really nice and made for a great BYO experience. I would definitely return to this place.Intimate atmosphere and delectable cuisine. Satisfying and intelligent. The area isn't the nicest, but that's forgotten by the time you step in the front door.I highly recommend this place! We went for restaurant week so we tried an assortment of items. We LOVED the arctic char and their homemade pasta. What really made this place great was the warm atmosphere created by the two owners who chatted with us multiple times throughout our meal. They were very friendly, and it made our experience incredibly lively and enjoyable! This place has a great ambience and mood. Definitely check it out!Overpriced. Food not so special. Fair service at best. 
Location is very small (not a bad thing).It was 90 degrees and I had a tiring walk. As I approached.. it seemed like nothing more than a hole in the wall, adding to my grumpiness. However, from the moment I walked in, it reminded me of an Italian nonna's kitchen. The owners immediately recognized me and told me my friend was waiting for me in the back! It felt so familiar even though this was my first time visiting! They called my friend and I by our names and offered us a free glass of red wine and refills!
We ordered the burrata to start. The burrata was topped on tomatoes! It was so soft and the pairing came with vinegar and olive oil. It was so fresh!
From reading other Yelp reviews, I learned that the gnocchi, which isn't on the menu, is available to order. We were also able to customize it with an option of white or blush sauce and meat of our choice. We selected white sauce with crispy prosciutto! Not a choice we will ever regret! The gnocchi literally melted in our mouths! It was soft and fluffy and soaked up the flavor of the sauce and the meat! 
We then got the ravioli, which is a house special. Fantastic!!! The skin of the ravioli itself was sooo thin and tastey! The ravioli was stuffed with veal, which was also so fresh. We were also able to customize it with a tomato red sauce or a white sauce, since we had the gnocchi with the white sauce, we selected the tomato sauce! It was so good and it paired perfectly with the free glass of wine.
I give this place an A+ for service and an A+ for he quality of food! This is truly one of Philly's hidden treasures!Came here for 9pm reservation on a Thursday to celebrate my sister's graduation.  We had an absolutely fantastic meal!  The co-owner, was our server and made the 2 cold and 2 hot appetizer platter super special for us.  This place is a BYOB, so we prepped well ahead of time and they were helpful and attentive with the wine.  
Onto the dinner... Absolutely delicious!  Homemade pasta was fantastic!  I had the black and white pasta with the shrimp, calamari, and mussels (can't recall the name) and it was incredible!  I can't say enough about how good this dish was.  The fam got the cannelloni (a hit), gnocchi with sausage (delicious), and the veal Marsala (fantastic).  Cannoli was delicious as well with lovely chocolate chips.
The place is small, but I seriously don't get why everyone is so fussy about it.  The food is great and the coziness adds to the ambiance.  
One of the best Italian restaurants I've ever eaten at!  I will definitely return and urge you to try this great find.Reservation for 830, didn't get sat until 9pm.  Sat at the table for 20 min with no menus and no one came over to the table.  Finally flagged someone down and order apps entrees and asked for bread. They gave our bread away to another table and didn't realize it until we asked for bread again.  I never got a water glass.   Cold bread no olive oil. Will never return.Adorable (aka SUPER TINY!) byo in the Rittenhouse area!
Not too many BYO's in that area, so it is definitely worth trying. With less than 20 tables, I was surprised they had open reservations the weekend before Valentine's day. Bruchetta app was phenomenal and is a must! 
Because of the space, I would not come here with a large group on the weekend. Also, the small space makes it a little noisy but it's a perfect precursor to a night at Helium or the theatres on the block.Chose this place because it was restaurant week, a BYOB, and close to home [didn't want to venture too far after eating out all over the city earlier that week]. I wasn't impressed with the restaurant week at this spot. Yes, we got a lot of food; but I was disappointed with the quality of it all. 
I started with a bruschetta trio, which was good. Nothing spectacular - the bean option was a little strange though. My friend got the risotto and besides a strange presentation [it looked like it had been smeared all over the plate] it tasted undercooked and pretty bland. I wouldn't recommend. For the middle course, we both got the Caesar salads and thankfully those were fine. No complaints, nothing extraoridinary.
For the main course, I got the chicken milanese dish and my friend got the crab ravioli. I'm not a huge fan of crab, but I was especially not fond of this. My chicken milanese was good, but it was drowned in the sauce on the plate. It felt more like a chicken picatta with the excess lemon sauce than a straight up chicken milanese with some sauce. 
Dessert was the chef's picking and it was a strange tasting tiramisu - tasted like it was almost store bought or something and a stale pastry puff. I'm hoping that my food experience was a result of restaurant week and the need to churn out food and that you're experience might be different. Otherwise, the service was great - friendly and timely. Only complaint was that we got smooshed at this table in the corner by the entrance to the kitchen, which ended up being a really high traffic area - wasn't a fan of that. Don't think I'll try this place again.I can't give a review on the food.  We never had the opportunity to eat.  Showed up for a 7:30 reservation at 7:25. Then told we had to wait outside.  Which is fine. No seats.  No bench.  90 degrees out.  We're told it would be a few minutes.  Thirty minutes later we were still standing out front.  No body gave us a status update. No offer of any kind while we waited. By my count at least 5 and maybe more couples walked in and never came back out.  So they must have been seated before us.  We went in told them we were leaving and were appalled by the service with no status updates at all.  They don't care.  Food may be great.  Service is horrendous is an understatement.  Go a 100 feet down the street to Melagrano if you are looking for a good BYOB that knows how to treat people.I've eaten there twice.  The first time the food was really good and we ate downstairs. It is tight quarters down there but it feels cozy.  The second time I ate there we got stuck upstairs.  There were old, run-down tables with chairs that didn't match.  The food was mediocre and the waiter only came upstairs every 20 minutes.  There are much better Italian BYOBs in Rittenhouse.We went to Porcini for Valentine's Day this past weekend.  This place has been on our radar for a long time, but there are only so many nights in a year, right?  Our expectations were high, and we were not disappointed.
We wanted to purchase a better bottle of wine for the occasion, but snow, and more snow, and other factors caused us to grab a large bottle we had sitting around the house.  Oh well, not the restaurants fault.  We were a little confused when we walked in because there was no maitre d' to be seen, and we were right in the middle of the dining room which is quite small (although they also have upstairs seating).  After standing around for a bit we were received and seated.
The food was awesome.  We split the calamari and the crab cake special to start, each were prepared very nicely.  The citrus flavors in the calamari really worked well.  We love us some calamari, and this was particularly good.  The crab cake was delicious but on the small side.  For our entrees, she had the lobster ravioli special, and I had the "straw and hay" linguine with lump crab meat.  Both entrees were top-notch.  The homemade pasta was awesome, as were the sauces, we were both very satisfied.
So we sat around and had some cappuccino and discovered that a table near us was without wine for their dinner.  The servers noticed and gave them the remainder of a bottle another party had left on the table, I thought that was nice of them.  I know I would not be too proud.
Overall, great food and a quaint dining environment were the main positives.  This place could be very romantic if you catch it on the right night.Porcini is a lovely little gem. Right at the corner of 21st and Sansom, there is a tiny place that is more like a living room than a restaurant, and the food that comes out of their kitchen is absolutely amazing. I had the mussels and the gnocchi. My date had the Caprese and a pasta dish the maitre'd recommended. The mussels were perfect, the gnocchi were delighfully fluffy, and the arrabiatta sauce was excellent. I didn't try the pasta and spinach dish, but the caprese was excellent as well.  Great atmosphere (my one complaint is how tight it is in there, but any more room would have to come with another $20-30 on the bill, and I'll take that trade) and on a Monday night, nice and quiet. The service was also good, very attentive. We were the last ones to leave, and we definitely took our time. I would absolutely go back to Porcini. 
The negative reviews seem to be focused on the size and lack of amenities, but that just means they didn't mean to go to Porcini. Don't worry, Olive Garden is right down Chestnut, and I'm sure they'll have exactly what you want for exactly the price you are looking for!Second class treatment served.
Being in the tour business, I eat at hundreds of establishments every year so I have a pretty decent handle of what to expect regarding service for my large tour groups. However, those expectations are restructured when just two of us are dining.
On Friday, November 15th, we dined here for my birthday. The reviews were wonderful (overall) online and since we were attending a LIVE show nearby, this was a convenient location. We gave it a try.
Charming interior, and since we were the first diners of the night the place hadn't had the chance to get too loud yet. The initial female waitress who greeted us was very pleasant, offered us a 2-top by the front window, and was a perfect intro to the restaurant.
However, it went downhill quickly. 
As diners streamed in over the next 30 minutes the noise level was predictably increased, and the attention paid to us was substantial decreased. In such a small place, it's almost impossible to feel ignored, but, we were.
What I can only imagine was an owner soon took over all of the greeting of incoming guests and he just about drooled on himself welcoming six locals arriving just after us, even offering to pay their on-street parking for them if need be. It sounded a bit forced, but, it's better than being ignored I suppose. Although there were just eight of us in the restaurant for the first 15 minutes, he never greeted us.
In fact, he proceeded to chat with every other table but ours over the course of our meal. He did stop by once to whisk away our plates, mentioning "I hope I can balance these plates, you know I'm getting kind of old for this." *Chuckle*
It's just a week since the meal and nothing we were fed actually resonates, other than the cold bread in a basket the runner dropped on our table. We were so put-off with the uneven handling of the guests we finished as quickly as possible and headed for the door. 
Although we never saw her address us again throughout the meal, the female waitress did manage a "goodbye" to us as we left the small establishment. The owner was busy fawning over other guests.
Best of luck on your own, private adventure.Porcini is what I think of when I say BYOB. it's cozy, intimate, and feels family run. This is the type of place where you'll more than likely end up chatting up the neighboring table because they are literally 2 inches away. So don't come here if you want to spread out...
The food is really good. The short rib ravioli was obviously homemade and the pasta was perfectly al dente. I love that they give you a scoop of ricotta and oil for your bread. It's a nice touch. The front of the house manager is always polite and helpful. The guy knows how to work a room. 
This restaurant would be a perfect place to have a casual dinner on a Tuesday or the start to a busy night on a Friday. Both work. Also if you want to bring a larger group they offer a private room upstairs. Head over before a comedy show and enjoy.Best Italian restaurant bar none - great service, attentive staff, AMAZING food -- loove - can not wait to come backFound this place on Yelp and decided to go for a quick dinner. Really great food for a slightly smaller menu. The gnocchi was AWESOME and my date's Cannelloni was perfect. The prices were pretty good, but seemed a bit high for the amount of food that you actually get. 
The waiter was really nice, but thought me and my date had come in before even thought this was our first time here. We just played along and acted like we were regulars....made the night a little fun :)
I recommend this place if you are looking for good Italian food. All in all it was tasty and the atmosphere was great, but for the portions, the prices are a tad bit high. Check it out!