Pizza dough felt like it was underbaked. The ambiance is really great and looks very warehouse-like. However, on a Saturday night it was too loud to be able to talk to our friends without shouting. My friend ordered a double serving of the pasta and for us Americans it definitely looked like a single scoop of pasta. That's tough when it's $24. The service unfortunately was a little slow, but that may be due to too many people or a specific waiter. Overall, it was good food but not the best for sharing or if you're really hungry.Average actually on the food. 
Starting to enjoy the bar a bit more. 
I have had pizza, meatballs, and calamari.  All were average. Unfortunately within a three block radius all of those items are exceptional at other restaurants.  It is solid ,average good and that is not a bad thing.Staff was nice (gave a extra round of free drink) food was decent But not for a hour and a half wait for food.Great venue, subpar food.
I came here for an impromptu brunch one weekend and was surprised at how big and spacious the venue is. I ordered a carafe of the Bellini which was nice and strong. Searching for something that sounded good to eat for brunch however took a little longer. I ended up getting the frittata and it was pretty flavorless, it only became tolerable after adding every condiment on the table. If I come back I will try the pizza instead.Went here on Saturday night with a group of friends for a 30th birthday dinner. I was so excited that they had Omission (gluten free beer) as an option. Many places haven't picked up on that beer yet. I'm gluten and dairy free so this restaurant wouldn't be my first pick but it was my friend's birthday so I didn't mind. It was definitely a challenge for me to order...I understand it's an Italian style place but come onnn it's 2018. I hope they bring more allergy friendly foods to the menu in the future. Our server, Maria, was a sweet heart and was on top of her game. She made the experience there even better. I'd recommend this place if you can eat gluten and dairy! :-)Pizza was undercooked and soggy. For $18 the meat pizza didn't have too much meat either. The tables were wobbly. The waitress didn't understand that my girlfriend wanted an appetizer for lunch and they served us our food separately which is an honest mistake.Hands-down best Neapolitan pizza in the area! Porta is the best new restaurant in the Midtown Village neighborhood! They have fantastic happy hour specials, great lunch deals and did I mention their pizza is phenomenal? Also! Attention Vegans! They have a really impressive vegan pizza selection. 
To give even more context, I work in Midtown Village and have tried many of the restaurants in the area and one thing that makes Porta even more unique than the rest is its size. It's HUGE! It's fantastic for a large group meeting for dinner, drinks or happy hour. Also the vibe is very trendy, welcoming and warm. They don't have the lowest prices around, but their quality speaks for itself. Also, they now have a DJ that comes on Saturday nights (I think that's the night), but I haven't checked that specific scene out so I can't attest to that. 
Foods I would recommend: Three Trees Salad, Homemade Ricotta, Homemade Mozzarella, Meatball Pizza, ANY of their Vegan pies, and basically anything that has their amazing sauce or meatballs on it!Having been to the Porta in Jersey City many times, I was excited to try out the new Porta that opened in Philly. It truly did not disappoint and I will definitely be back!
I made a dinner reservation for Thursday at 6:15 and I was seated a little early even though the rest of my party had not arrived yet. I was surprised at how many open tables there were for prime dinner hour especially at a restaurant that has a great happy hour menu. For happy hour, the cocktails that are discounted change on a daily basis. Highly recommend the White Door! The drinks were the perfect strength, not too weak but not too strong that I could only have one. 
To start, we had the meatballs (three come per portion) along with the housemade ricotta spread. I have had better ricotta at other restaurants but this one is still delicious. For dinner, we had the Spring Betty pizza even though I am not an asparagus fan (I figured I could pick the asparagus off). Fair warning, if you don't like asparagus, DO NOT get this pizza as it is thinly sliced and covering the whole thing. The two girls I was dining with truly enjoyed it. 
Our waiter, Zach M., was very attentive and even gave us a complimentary Nutella pizza for dessert when he found out we were celebrating a birthday. This was AMAZING and the perfect way to end our meal. 
All in all, I will definitely come back to Porta and would recommend to anyone looking for some good pizza in the city!Great food and an amazing new space. Missing a coat check for such a big space that wants people to dance in the winter. Also if there's a spill, just have one of the many employees clean it instead of putting up a wet floor sign and leaving it there for 2 hours.Went there for lunch with a friend, the food was unimpressive. Afterwards both my friend and I had stomach aches and a bad case of the runs!  I got pasta and salad, my friend got a seafood dish, so it's not like we ordered anything in common that could explain our unfortunate condition...  I will not be returningExcellent. Exquisite in every way possible. The service, the ambiance, THE FOOD!!!! Pure brilliance. If I only had 1 day left to live, I would spend it at Porta. Anyone who says otherwise is an absolute idiot.The very best pizza.  Made to order, thin crust and fresh ingredients a lot of them purchased locally.  This new restaurant (they opened just 3 weeks ago) has an incredible space, 2 floors, high ceilings and a great staff.  Can not recommend highly enough.Aesthetics are so awesome! Come here if you're looking for a trendy spot for a GNO. Food is great. Service is quick. Setting is perfect for cute instas i would say the prices are average. Will def be back and will recommend !Even after returning from two weeks in Northern Italy where I thought I was sick of pizza,  alas, I keep going back to Porta.  They have great happy hour specials for all, which they honor at tables:  I loved the meatball appetizer and margherita pizza, which I use as a barometer at any new pizza joint.  Is the dough crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside?  Yes, I'll take your extra gluten, please and thank you.  Is your sauce smooth, fresh and sweet without too much oregano?  Absolutely.  
I also love how they restored and revived the classic space with the pop of modern design.  I'm curious to attend one of their DJ'd events.This was a truly up & down experience but I guess ya gotta take the good with the bad in  life & at Happy Hour!!! 
So we went for Happy Hour at a pizza centric restaurant & there was no pizza  on the HH menu! There were however a few food & drink specials so we ordered a pizza (but were told no substitutions or additions are allowed so we could not get the vegan sausage on our Margarita pie like we wanted) & then sampled a few apps while we waited. The tbm sliders  were blah, brioche bun 1 little piece of rosted pepper & a decent fresh mozzarella,  the polenta fries were good, fried perfectly, light as air & dusted with parmiggiano but deperately  needed a marinara dipping sauce. The rosé wine was awful, warm, citrusy & served in a hot water glass. The citrus basil cocktail was delicious, absolutely perfect actually! The bar service was good both bartenders were friendly.  The pizza was good, charred edges, fresh basil, tasty marinara & it arrived piping hot. 
It was a rollercoaster of a happy hour but I am glad we checked it out. We aren't in a rush to return but might try it again some day.Went here following the eagles super bowl parade. The pizza was solid. Good amount of toppings. The only downside was the pizza was overcooked and a little burnt. The ambience is good however.Food was great and the drinks are also good!! My friend and I got the arugula pizza and fried calamari to share. I absolutely loved the pizza! It was thin crust and was freshly made. The calamari were good as well! I got the rosy cheeks drink and It was a great summer refreshing drink. Our other friends got pizza and pasta. The pasta portions were a bit on the smaller side but still very good.I came here last night for happy hour and I had a great experience!  First off, the space is awesome.  They've created a really nice balance between providing an open, relaxed space that is good for young people.  There is artful graffiti on the walls and a picnic table concept on the first floor along with 2 bars.  The second floor is a little bit quieter and has more formal tables set up.  
The drink specials were great.  I got a few glasses of their house white which was smooth and great for $5 a glass.  We started off with the ricotta which was delicious.  Super fluffy and light with some olive oil drizzle on it and seasonings.  The bartender was really attentive and quickly noticed we were running low on bread and still had some ricotta left so he ordered us more.  The pizzas were delicious!  We tried the Meatball and the 14 1/2.  Both were fantastic and would definitely eat again.  The 14 1/2 was my favorite because the soppressatta was thinly sliced and perfectly cooked.  Crispy and delicious!  Just a warning - this pizza was pretty spicy so if you don't like spice, I wouldn't recommend.  I would highly recommend if you do!  
Overall, great food and dining experience.  You should go before this place gets discovered.  I will try to enjoy the newness before everyone else finds it!Okay, honestly - I'm so sold. I really can only speak to their overall vibe, atmosphere, and drinks. I'll definitely be back for pizza soon!
This place is deceivingly huge on the inside. It's almost like two different restaurants. Craving candle-lit conversation, Lady & the Tramp checkered tablecloths, and a trendy cocktail? Perfect- Porta seems to boast the perfect hang for such requirements. Desire some cold beer, giant screens, and large group hangs for a Philly sports social? Awesome, come to the side with the large family style picnic tables and make some new friends. 
Honestly, I saw people on a date, I saw people in large groups. I saw families with young kids, couples, singles- young and old. This place truly caters to whatever vibe you're looking for, and who doesn't like wood fired pizza? Like you can watch it being made!
They offer happy hour and brunch. My two favorite things. The brunch menu boasts $10 carafes of bellinis and mimosas, which is basically unheard of, especially in the heart of the city where a single mimosa can cost you upwards of $9. 
Beer prices are about what you'd expect for a nice bar in the heart of downtown - $4 PBR, $5 Bud/Miller/Coors, $6-9 for something more niche. Cocktails are in the $11-12 range, and sound amazing. Nice array of wine, beer, and cocktails to choose from. Bartenders were quick and friendly, and despite it being completely packed and busy, there was never much of a wait or struggle to gain their attention.
I'm so excited about this place! I'm definitely keen to come back. It's casual, fun, cute - and the crust smelled bomb.Edit 
Pretty good food- interesting & a little different.  All of our menu items seemed freshly sourced.  Pretty good service.  It's really loud inside, with a ton of tables, but it was good because they sat us super quickly on a Friday night with no reservation.  I liked that the portion sizes weren't huge- you feel full when you're done but not overstuffed.  Prices are decent.Sat at the bar and had great service. The pizza was fantastic but the rice balls were very bland.  I would go back for the pizza.Margarita pizza, spaghetti and appetizer if mozzarella and bread were so fresh and delicious!I came in by myself to meet my friends. I sat down awaiting everyone to arrive and John the bartender was so helpful and nice as I ordered my drink. He told me the options and laid out his recommendations. I got a delicious drink and I thank John for making the suggestion and also  for being so kind and friendly in the process! Will come back to Porta because of John!I met up with a friend from out of town for some drinks and to try the food. I'm giving 2 stars for the atmosphere and the service. The drink and food was way subpar.
My friend and I both had draft Peroni's which tasted a bit funky like the lines haven't been cleaned in a while. Not good. 
Then we had some starters, bacala fritters which we're downright rancid, it was fried dough with 10% bacala and 90% capers. We each tried one and left the rest. Then we tried the homemade mozzarella and ricotta, both fell flat on flavor. We also had the octopus, not tender or juicy at all, as I was expecting. 
Then the pizza ... as soon as i picked up a slice the mozzarella slid right off :(
Like I said the space is beautiful, so I might go back just to hang at the bar, but definitely getting bottles of beer and maybe give a second shot at some food.Excellent, friendly service & delicious food. Enjoyed the ricotta appetizer and Margherita pizza. We went to the Ritz earlier in the night for a drink and service at Porta was 1000% better. My husband & I are already looking good forward to going back!Great happy hour snacks and drinks.  The meatballs and fried polenta were killer.  Also the happy hour mixed drinks were good.  The service was great.  This place is very large. But also very loud so be forewarned. Overall a great standby if you are in downtown and looking for fun and value.Went here on Sat night. Delicious food. Super cool vibe. Great drink selection. Large space, Vaulted ceilings, Art Deco, reclaimed wood. Best bartenders. Had the Italian Stallion and Carbonara pizza, octopus, ricotta and mozzarella. Loved it all. Highly recommend!! Thanks Dina Scullin for the best service!This place is awesome. The vibes are super cool. They have a Jazz band that plays on saturdays and the entire lay out is very open and a great place to enjoy some delicious food. There food was delicious. The restaurant is very indie inspired and the food has a unique spin. I would highly recommend checking this out especially younger adults!I went to Porta on a Wednesday for happy hour from around 5:45-7:45. I sat with two friends at the bar and experienced some of the worst service I've ever had. There was only a single bartender all evening and he was neglectful from the beginning. I ordered a glass of wine and my friends both had cocktails they were unimpressed with. One didn't ever drink more than half all evening but I'm not surprised that this bartender didn't notice or offer something else. 
We ordered pizza, arancini and broccoli rabe. Unfortunately we couldn't enjoy everything when it first came out because one of the plates was dirty and the bartender had only given us two sets of silverware. We finally got clean plates and more silverware after asking another staff person. 
The arancini came as three balls and I was the lucky one to get the ball disguised as arancini but was really some kind of spicy stuffed pepper. Again, I had to wait for the same earlier staff person to clear our plates so I could tell him and he comped the item. 
Throughout the night both my friend and I asked for a glass of wine. I had to ask the guy who brought clean plates since the bartender never brought me a new glass and my friend just never got hers even though it was on our bill. 
The bartender took off the wine and acknowledged that he just never brought it (acknowledged, did not apologize). 
All in all, this was really terrible service and the food hardly makes up for it. Won't be going back.Meh.  Stopped in for a late lunch.  Only 3 other tables besides me.  Service was lackluster.  The kitchen was incredibly slow.  Three trees salad was good but salty.  Pizza was not memorable in any way.  Cocktail wasn't bad.  Decor was interesting.  It's clear this place is more a part of the Millennial bar scene than a restaurant.  There are far better and more reasonable pizza restaurants in Center City.Great drinks, food, I recommend the octopus salad. I get that and pizza with friends and share it!Phenomenal brick oven thin crust pizza. I had the Arugula, Zolla Jesus, and the Italian stallion: all of which are incredible. The restaurant itself is very hipster, trendy. Very friendly waitstaff and bartenders. At night Porta turns into a club, which isn't my scene, but their drink menu is great! Their brunch menu looks amazing. Highly recommend coming here!I stopped in here on New Year's Eve to grab a drink and bite to eat before heading out and was quite surprised and impressed by this new spot in town. The space is beautifully designed - spacious, open layout with trendy decor. There are two large wood-fire ovens, which churn out delicious thin crust, homemade pizzas. 
The bar is large and waiter informed us that would be having a DJ and dance floor that evening with $20 Prosecco bottles. Happy Hour was advertised as: Mon-Fri from 4-7 with $4 drafts, $5 wine & $6 cocktails. 
Look forward to returning to this place and for there official opening this Friday.Tried this place Saturday afternoon. The place is adorable and the pizza is really good! It had huge pieces of artichoke! We enjoyed ourselves and I am excited to go back for happy hour.Absolutely the best pizza we ever had!!!  I can't say enough good things about the meal!!! We almost at Gyros and stumbled on Porta. Go here. You will not be disappointed!!!I've eaten here twice, drank here once, and used them for a small event!
Holy hell this place is fantastic. First and foremost the team there is enough reason to visit. The first bartender (who's name I can't remember) was EXTREMELY knowledgeable about beer. Like, ALL the beer. He steered me in the direction of great breweries in philly. Luke and Demi were both fantastic. Luke can craft any drink on the planet. Demi was hilarious and Quirky. Finally I worked with Libby the event manger. She was joy and made my event completely seamless. 
They have three bars so there is a location for everyone!
Regarding the food, it was bananas good. The pizza is an easy choice, but they had a cheese/squash dish that was out of this world.
If you're looking for brunch, drinks, dinner, or a place to run an event. Look no further!Very fun spot for sips! Although it's right in Center City, it's on the newer side so I feel like a lot of people may not realize it's there.  This place is a solid joint for a fun dinner night or causal happy hour. The decor of the place is pretty awesome. It is rustic-modern decor meets philly funk..if that is a thing. The front area is brightly lit and then there is another more bar-like atmosphere in the back area. It was surprisingly easy to get drinks that day as the bar was pretty big but I assume they could use more bartenders on the weekends. There is also a seating area upstairs with a full bar that will be opening in the next couple weeks.The next time I visit, I would like to try some of these pizzas people are raving about! Be sure to have your phone juiced up...lot's of fun instragram opps with the cool Philly inspired murals all around the restaurant.PORTA, a unique pizza experience unlike any other.  This place is a true combination of a authentic Neapolitan za (red and white checker table cloths, perfect leopard crust) with a funky hipster flare (graffiti Wearhouse interior) in an old furniture store. 
Pros: Diverse menu with homemade apps that perfectly compliment the za selection,
Enormous wine and beer selection including local craft brews,
Fun music playlist
Cons: Wine served in same glass as table water = boring
Warm beer mugs and small tables
I will definitely be back, you can bet your bottom dollar on that. Looking forward to the brunch. Porta is a fun establishment that the city of Philadelphia needed!
EAT, DRINK, and HAVE FUN
#pizzasavesLooks great on the outside but if your late night dining out they stop seating for dinner after nine? Are you kidding me? Like who does this. Now keep in mind I noticed multiple tables available empty but they rather seat me and my wife at the bar? Real classy. I guess we weren't hipster enough for this place? Whatever the reason I just don't get it I've never been to a bar/resturaunt that stopped seating people after a certin time it just dosen't make sense. Do yourself a favor and take your business else where.Not bad, but I expected a bit more based off of what I heard. The pizza and calamari were decent, but it was a generally underwhelming experience. The service was mediocre and when we ordered a tomato appetizer, some of the tomatoes on the plate were borderline rotten. Overall Porta is far from the worst place I've been to, as the pizza was very satisfactory and the aesthetic was pleasing. However, there is nothing here that would make me come back and there are many better Italian restaurants in Philly.I think a more accurate score would be 3.5 stars. I'd say the ambiance is better than the actual food. The space is great with seating and two bars downstairs as well as additional seating and a third bar upstairs. We ordered the octopus, the 14 1/2 pizza, and the braised pork pasta dish. Our favorite was the pasta, but the octopus and pizza were just alright. For the price, I was expecting the food to be better. The atmosphere was laid back for a Friday night, but it seems like the space has the potential to get more energetic as their is a ton of room. If I came back it would definitely be for drinks, not good. Definitely a cool spot to meet up with some friends for drinks before going out.I was looking forward to going here since I'm familiar with their Asbury location. Unfortunately our experience in Philly was super disappointing. The restaurant itself is GORGEOUS. Our server was friendly and apologized for keeping us waiting. We ordered two pizzas (Rita+Mark and Carbonara) which took forever to come out. Our server finally stopped by after 40 minutes to let us know our food would arrive shortly (it didn't). After checking the timestamps on texts I sent on my phone from when we got sat...our two pizzas took just over an hour to get to us. A table behind us that was sat after we ordered got their food before we did.
My partner liked her vegan pie but I doubt I'd order the carbonara ever again. Definitely looked better than it tasted and left a lot to be desired. I would expect with such a high reputation that a manager would have at least stopped by after we were kept waiting an hour. Would like to say we'd come back but won't be rushing to. Do better, Porta.My boyfriend and I stumbled on this place for dinner on New Years Eve as something simple since we live a block and a half away. Being NYE, we were shocked by the size of the space (seeing as how they merged two lots rather than splitting it) and how empty it was. You don't have to be an architect (but, I am) to see that the formal dining room had stunning architectural details and huge skylights only to be ruined by the strange, tacky graffiti on the walls below and badly mismatched furnishings (see: picnic blankets on tables). As far as ambiance goes, it'll definitely leave you with something to talk about over your meal. We ordered a margherita pizza and a 14 1/2. Both were fine. Being in the center of Philadelphia, there are tons of good pizza choices. This fell into the category of forgettable. Now, I really wanted to love the pizza: the beautiful, concrete-cast ovens were said to be custom made from Italy; the owner touted the ingredients as imported from Italy; even the damn pizza was "certified" Italian for God's sake. It's all on the menu for you to read. Wine came in true European size in glass cups rather than glasses too. Go figure. I'm picky about my pizza because I eat a lot of it, so it's not the way to win me over. There was a flyer on the table promoting their brunch that was offering 10$ mimosa carafes. So I tried that next a few weeks later with a girlfriend.
Do the doors to brunch usually open at 11AM on a Saturday? We were the first ones coming into a completely empty restaurant. Since they covered up the windows with wood doors used as "decoration", its tough to tell if there are people inside or not. To my surprise, on one wall, the graffiti got worse, and on the wall behind the bar, they painted over grey. The picnic blankets managed to survive too. The brand new, Italian-made, concrete-cast ovens are already cracking around the corners. For brunch, we ordered a mimosa carafe to start since, both being from Texas, they'll give you a full bottle of champagne and orange juice for $12 at Kirby Lane in Austin. I was ecstatic to find a deal similar in Philadelphia. To my disappointment, the mimosa "carafe" is really just enough for two people (in the same European-sized glass cups). If you're expecting a simple breakfast like my girlfriend wanted, don't come here. If it's not on the menu, they're not going to make it for you. She asked if they could make her two eggs and some toast and they said no. Not because they didn't have the ingredients. They just weren't confident enough in themselves to make it, apparently. The reasons are still lost on us. She ended up having to get a margherita pizza with one egg on top...I stuck with Eggs in Purgatory. Wait time for an empty restaurant: 40 minutes. By the end of our meal, there were four tables seated. Took another 20 minutes to flag our waiter down to get our check. So if you're looking at a place that is nice to look at (8'-0" and above), come here. It's as beautiful during the day as it is at night. If you're looking to eat, just take a peek inside and walk out the door.
There are so many better places in Philadelphia. It's really a shame that this one is starting out so absolutely dismal. I really wanted to love it. I wanted to find another go-to place with good food and service and drinks close by where I could take friends or for simple dates. Seeing as how brutal Philadelphia can be for turnover in restaurants (even for notable chefs), I don't think this place will last.This place was great. The waiter Marco was the man. Great music were able to seat 10 people not all at once. Great unpretentious spot in center cityThe food here is pretty good. Decent pizza, arancini, etc. We really enjoy their tap wine as well. The service is always good, too.
The poor rating relates to the atmosphere and how they handle Center City Sips. The restaurant definitely attracts a younger crowd. It's really nice inside and very big, with two bars, two levels of seating, communal tables, etc. - all good. But the crowds are pretty big so it gets really loud. If you want to have a conversation with a friend or partner, it could be difficult depending on when you go. One week we decided to go for Sips because the menu looked really great. The place was packed, and of course since the only place they would let you order from the Sips menu is at the bar, everyone was crowded around it trying to get a spot when one opened up. It was brutal. The bar spots weren't turning over either, and there were some huge groups already sitting at the bar (from 5pm on, so getting there early won't help), just so they could order from the Sips menu even though they couldn't really fit or talk to one another easily. My husband waited by one bar and I waited by another... for over an hour! Not a spot to be had, and by that time we were starving and wanted some snacks. We finally gave up and got seated at communal table. Of course then we had to pay full price for everything, defeating the purpose of going out for Sips in the first place. There's no reason they can't offer Sips at both bars and at the communal and outside tables; it makes no sense. Everyone around us was complaining about the same thing as well.
Bottom line: Avoid this place like the plague during happy hour and Sips.Late night pizza? I'll take it! This was a great find at 12 am on a Friday night...A bar that makes you really good take out pizza. I love it. Can't wait to go back.I visited Porta on a weekday night.  The space is unique, both cozy and intimate yet spacious and modern. There wasn't much of a crowd, just a few people at the bar. They have a dj on weekends so I'm sure the atmosphere is much different depending on when you visit. The food is a kicked up version of normal pizzeria options. 
There is a lot to choose from... obviously pizzas which are categorized by vegan, vegetarian or meat.  They also have pasta and entree offerings and salads and appetizers.  The house made mozzarella was a huge portion and very good.  I also tried the fried polenta.  Not bad but not mind blowing.  The vegan "Robert Plant" pizza was yummy. I took the leftovers home and cold vegan pizza is good the next morning :) 
I wish they sold the pizza by the slice I would have loved to try more than one flavor. I think it would be a good place for large parties to order multiple things to share and sample. 
Overall a cool place to try if you are looking for a casual date night or dinner with friends.My first visit to Porta in Center City was disappointing. I was excited to go to happy hour and I ordered one of the happy hour cocktails. Let's just say, it definitely was not what I asked for and I could not drink it. I sat at the front bar and I'm not sure if the bartender was new, but he was extremely slow and appeared unfamiliar with the bar. Customers had to wait a long time for their checks. He had another person working with him, but this person was only providing water or beer to customers. The counter was never wiped down. I ordered the margherita pizza which was a nice portion size but the sauce lacked flavor (it was flat). Not sure if I'm willing to give it another try.Popped in to Porta for their happy hour. Tried The Hound cocktail on special...delicious! Had to try their housemade mozzarella and housemade meatballs. The mozzarella is very flavorful. Meatballs and the marinara sauce...out of this world. Mopped up the rest of the sauce with the bread. SO good. Really chill vibe. Staff was prompt and friendly. Should definitely check them out.This place is huge, in a great way! There are essentially three different restaurants in here:
a) a chill backyard vibe complete with string lights and a picnic like set up.
b) the well light hangout space upstairs with an awesome bar.
c) the quieter dimly lit downstairs area where the oven action is.
Food is delicious, drink list is extensive and compliments the food well. Can't wait to come back.Oh my is this place good. We had a wonderful time here. We just walked by and thought we should give it a try. Thank god we did. It was amazing . We shared three different pasta's and a pizza. The pasta was cooked perfectly. The different sauce were impressive. We ended up wiping each bowl clean. Our waitress "Sara" could  not be better. She was attentive and helpful . She gave good advice about what to have was spot on. She was great. The restaurant was cool looking and had a good crowd. There was a good mix of people. We really had a good time and will be back.I needed a place to go for hh. I knew the following day was going to be a spanking so location had to be close for early hay hitting. Bc I'm a HUGE people pleaser and selflessly put my needs aside, I was looking for an ITALIAN place at my co-patron's request. I needed to find a place that would mouth fuck me with pizza and fancy cocktails (credit: Dr. O'Brien). 
Porta was new I guess and kinda trendy bc Michelle was just here a few days ago. Also italian and also just a stone's throw away from our place. The last stipulation I mentioned remained to be determined. 
We first walked in and as it turns out you can only partake in HH if you're sitting at the bar but the bar was pretty full. GASSSSPPP!!! But luckily there's another bar in the next room that's a 360 type shit. 
The good:
-ambiance is cool I guess 
-there were some pink flowers in front of our face
-they have daily specials which is legit, wednesday is CHEESE PLATE DAY!!! Will keep in mind but stay tuned for reasons why I might be apprehensive...
-Monday (our day of patronization) is $5 marg pizza alll day errrday (but just on mondays) 
-every cocktail is on special which is dope isntead of just one at some other places that probably sucks
-they have some interesting cocktails, I went with "white door" which has skyy grapefruit vodka, peach liqueur, white wine, orange juice, and prosecco. How dope does that sound? It tasted pretty good also. 
-beers are $4 during hh but they only have 2 choices (yuengling and miller lite)
-ricotta dip: smooth and lumpy at the same time but very smooth, very very smooth. Delicious. Spreads like smooth ricotta dip should. The dimensions/aerodynamics of a fork did not allow me to adequately scoop up remainders from the bowl and this place unfortunately does not provide enough bread slices to eat all of this delicious goodness
-winter betty pizza: goat cheese, thyme, garlic, and brussels sprout shavings was spectacular. It was very minimalist, they were definitely skimping on the ingredients and the crust was so thin it was hard to eat without shit falling all over the place. The flavor was absolutely delicious though, I highly recommend eating this bad boy.
The bad:
-the wait was absurd. It took us a while to even get happy hour menus then it took a while for the drinks to come. It then, as I'm sure comes as a surprise, took a while for the ricotta to come out.
-THEN, it took such a ridiculous amount of time for the pizza to come out that even if I wanted to order more stuff (which I did) I didn't feel like fucking sitting there all night waiting another 45 min for my next order come out. 
Ultimately this place would've squeezed out a few more orders and dolla bills from me had they provided the food in a reasonable amount of time. If they can get that shit together, this place would be dope.Amazing food. Atmosphere is artsy but causal and romantic. Had the Italian Stallion Pizza, Lasagne, Spaghetti and House Made Meatballs. Waitress was a great help explaining the menu. Would definitely go again.The Philadelphia Porta has recently opened and my friend in Jersey City has been raving about the JC location for months. I jumped at the chance to try out the local branch. Being from North Jersey, I can appreciate good pizza and this place has all that and more. My friend and I wanted to try as much as possible! We started with the house white and red wines, respectively, and the house-made mozzarella. We were living our best lives from then on out. We split the "14 1/2" pizza (which had a nice kick to it) and the seasonal risotto (which was a fantastic herb-lemon dish. To finish off the Italian meal we each got gelato affogato - which is gelato with either espresso or a cordial poured over. Our waiter was having fun with us trying to forgive out what the best liquor pairings would be with our gelatos. My friend got fior de latte gelato with raspicello and I got bittersweet chocolate gelato with amaretto. All in all, I can't wait to go back with more friends! There seems to be a great mix of dining and bar space. A DJ was setting up in another room as we were leaving. There are also weekend brunch options. No matter the time of day, Porta seems like it'll be the right choice.Great ambiance and decor! Food was good but the service was absolutely terrible. We waited 45 minutes for our appetizers that ended up coming out with our entrees. We saw our server twice. We were never offered more drinks, never offered dessert, never asked how our food was. Our server dropped the check and never came back to to get it. After 15 minutes we flagged down another server asking if she would mind taking it. She seemed very annoyed that we had such a request. 
We ordered a bunch of different food. There were 3 of us and we wanted to try everything. The portions are very small. We ordered a pasta dish and they give you the option of ordering a single or double portion. We ordered the double and when it came out, it was very small. The 3 of us got 2-3 bites of the pasta dish before it was gone. Very small. I'm assuming the single portion of pasta comes out in a shot glass?
All in all, I would give this place another try because the food was acceptable. Hopefully we get better customer service next time.Giving 4 stars because our server was awful . Took her 20 minutes to take our drink orders and she had an attitude . The runner was rude and almost burned me with the pizza . Food was great ! Love the octopus and rice balls . We got the calamari and they didn't bring the marinara ... that also took 20 Minutes . For Pizza we got a margarita and a carbanora , they were delicious But the service needs to be a little quicker and the server could have been a little nicerCame here for a work lunch and it was perfect for a quick business meal. Lots of options so it was great for everyone. I was a little disappointed with the size of my meatball sandwich- it was smaller than I expected so I left hungry; that said, the food was delicious and the ambiance is very nicely.Loved the space. Great place to grab some cocktails, pizza and some other things to pick on. Will definitely go back!The space is beautiful.  The food is not very good.  I would only order the pizza and avoid all the rest.After the eagles parade my family and I walked here. We got a table and watched the rest of the parade on the big screen. We ordered some pizzas.. the margarita, marinara, 14 1/2 and meatball All So delicious!! I hope they keep the jumbo screens up for future games. Great place to hang with friends and family!Porta is amazing in every aspect. Food, service, mix of outdoor seating and indoor seating. Live music and DJ every Friday and Saturday night. If you haven't been then you are missing out. Go now. NOW.Pretentious and Underwhelming
The ambiance in an old center city building and recently remodeled furniture showroom is different. Very inner city grunge with mock graffiti on the wall. Two huge Pizza ovens dominate the view coming into the restaurant, promising that the Pizza craft is alive and well. The hostess is very young and unsmiling. She directs us to a dark area of the carvenous restaurant totally devoid of patrons and populated only by long tables and uncomfortable benches. We ask to be seated elsewhere and she does so grudgingly. 
The next episodes all blend together. A server comes, brings tepid tap water, delivers a menu with weird and purpotedly "trendy"Pizza toppings, I for one sees nothing I would like to eat and ask if I could have a siimple Margeherita BUT with anchovies added. The answer is a definite NO. "We dont allow substitutions or additions". Achovies??? Oh dear!!
We both order a Carbonara explained as being a white Pizza with and egg in the middle. That seemed the least "out there". After 20 minutes....we got a Parmesan melt with an egg in the middle and...inedible it was so crusted and salty. We left both of them barely touched...the server asked if we enjoyed them...and we said no. She said "sorry" and then proceeded to produce the check!
In a city full of generations of Italian immigrants and a history of excellent cuisine...This Pizza fantasy flies into the face of convention. That would be OK were the food they served at least edible.Good pizza and salad,really nice bartender, just nothing that really stood out as excellent. A good stop to try some pie and see for yourself!I kept walking by this new spot and added it to my Philly Bucket List--so glad I did! Got the chance to visit last night during happy hour with a friend and we sat outside to start. Our server was lovely, and was very proactive about getting us inside before the storm hit. The outdoor seating is a bit loud so close to traffic, but actually might not be as loud as the indoor seating area. The restaurant is super cool and a lot bigger on the inside than you'd expect. We got a couple of happy hour small plates to share: my friend got the meatball slider and the polenta. He enjoyed the slider but neither of us were too crazy about the polenta. I got the fried mozzarella and the Many Thanks slider. Both were delicious, especially the fired mozzarella. I got a full glass of rosé for $5 which I think is a great price. I will be back!Came here for happy hour on a Friday around 6pm. The place is HUGE.
Happy Hour drink specials are available at the tables, but food is not. The housemade mozzarella was so good, we ordered two helpings. We also split a sausage pizza. Fried calamari was small and forgettable. The red door sangria was really the star of the show. It gets loud, but the energy is good. Despite being busy, our waitress was attentive and friendly.My margarita pizza was pretty good. My date got the carbonara which he said was good too! The decor was so interesting--with graffiti on one wall and then doors looking like from Monster's Inc on one wall... it was overall a pleasant experience! The server was really kind, and it was not too crowded. It is a nice date spot--not sure I'll be back, but it was cool to try out a nice place in Philly!Was in town for a mini vacation. Service was top notch food and drinks were on point. Will stop in again next time I'm in town. The menu is full of wood fired pizzas that are a hit. Gotta try each one. When in philly stop on in you won't be disappointedMy boyfriend and I came here for the grand opening and it was packed. Not terribly disappointing but also not terribly great. 
The service aspect of it was impeccable, especially for opening night when they had a full house. Our server was pretty quick and we never waited long for anything. We ordered the mozzarella and meatballs as our starters, and both arrived pretty quickly. The margarita pizza, while delicious, was a little flimsy with a thin crust. It was good but the pizza kinda pulled apart whenever we picked it up and the cheese kept stretching apart. 
For dessert, we got the pistachio and dark chocolate gelato, both of which were delicious. There wasn't a physical dessert menu which I wished they had, the waiter just read off what was available and we had to ask her to repeat herself to make a decision. There was also no purely chocolate dessert like tiramisu, you can only order sorbet or gelato.
The only thing is that I thought the water glasses were way too small. They provide glass bottles of water for you to refill but we quickly ran out based on how small our glasses are. I also thought that the menu wasn't very creative. I get that it's supposed to be an Italian concept but there are a ton of Italian places in Philadelphia and there's nothing significant about the menu offerings. 
Decor and ambiance are fine, I didnt know how to feel about the doors on the walls but I guess we will see. Overall, the place is huge and is ideal for small and large parties.Came here for brunch. It was empty.  Had to remind our waiter multiple times for things.  Didn't get half of the drinks we ordered.  My friend didn't get his food until everyone was done eating.  Food is good but not worth the terrible service.Very tasty, great service! Stopped in for a quick bite. The waitress was very helpful and even gave us ideas of other places to visit in the city.I came here with a group of friends last weekend. The space is very large and great for a large party. Our waiter was great - very friendly and provided excellent service. The drinks were decent but nothing special. We had the acorn squash and Cavolo Nero salad for apps and they were both great. Sadly, the pizza was disappointing. There are so many better pizza options in this area that outshine Porta. The crust was not as crispy or thin as I would have liked and a little too heavy on the sauce.Porta is a nice relaxing pizzeria in Philadelphia. It has a nice atmosphere for catching up and hanging out with friends. I did not go but they seem to have a nice bar adjacent to the restaurant. I order the carbonara, which was great and it tasted more like a breakfast pizza. It had guanciale, parmigiano, and other ingredients like a roasted egg.It was light and not too saucy or heavy . 
One critique would be the price to quantity of the pizza. Although I feel the quality of the pizza is good, I do not rationalize the price. The pizza cost about $16 without tip or tax. I had one of their pizza but still felt I could eat another pizza. Granted, a person can purchase two pizza at Domino's for the same price  but the quality is there. Also, I ate an "okay" amount of food. The portion size may be good for a typical customer. 
I plan to come here again with my friends and try another type of pizza or different type of dish. 
Overall: 4 (Rounded)
Food: 4
Service: 3
Price: 2.5
Atmosphere: 4My new favorite pizza place. Love it here. Really thin crust. Freshly baked in really hot oven! Closest to  Venice style pizza I've found so far. Although I haven't tried Wood pizza yet which promises to be just as good.Writing this review for both restaurant and night club. To begin, Ill start with my most recent experience at Porta which was just last night to celebrate my friends birthday at this "night club". First of all, the place is massive, and due to this, security and management must think they should pack the place to its utmost capacity. The place is a madhouse - you can't move, drunk twenty somethings are stepping all over you with no regard to the concept of personal space and don't even get me started on the 20+ minute line for the restrooms... 
To top it all off, my phone was stolen right out of my purse. Cherry on top of a very chaotic night. Needless to say I will NEVER return here for a night out unless I am looking to get pick pocketed or pee my pants.
Now on to the food. I've eaten here 2 or 3 times for dinner and the pizza is fine. I prefer probably any other pizza in Philly that is Neapolitan style (Nomad, Vetri, Zavino, etc). Porta's isn't anything particularly special for the price. I did come for brunch once with my boyfriend and it seemed like we were the only 2 in the restaurant at noon on a Saturday which I thought was odd. I then asked the server if they could make a modification to the menu to order scrambled eggs instead of over easy, which apparently was not possible. First time in my life I ever heard a restaurant not allow you to order eggs the style you prefer. Because there was nothing else on the menu that looked appealing and the fact that we were creeped out being the only people in the restaurant, we left without ordering anything.
In summary, do yourself a favor and skip out on Porta. There are many other bars and restaurants in Philly deserving of your business that are both enjoyable, delicious, and you won't have to risk getting pick pocketed.
Thank you, next.My girlfriend and I came here spontaneously, with no real background information, one night for dinner and we were pleasantly surprised! My girlfriend has heard some good things but I had no idea what this restaurant was known for or how the food was. 
When we first walked in, I was instantly in love with the decor. The graffiti on the walls and unique decor around the room was eye catching. Next they really played on the fact that they are a family style restaurant, with long tables that can sit one big group or multiple small groups. 
Finally, on to the food. We were recommended the house made ricotta and it is by far the best thing we had that night. It was smooth and creamy, and so good that I could eat it all with just a spoon. We also ordered the crossroads pizza and gnocchi. The pizza was pretty good but the gnocchi was little too heavy for me. It was a great place for a spontaneous walk in dinner and I would be happy to come back to try other items on the menu.so we had plans to visit porta for happy hour.  i was the first one to arrive so i told the host what we planned to do and she mentioned happy hour is only at the bar.  after that, i guided myself to one of the bars and decided to get comfy.  when the rest of my party arrived, the host somehow sat them at a table? saying it also offers happy hour? i was confused... i closed out and joined the rest of the crew.. when we began to order, they allowed us to order happy hour drinks but not the snacks??? it was just one confusion after another.
putting that aside, i ordered their "red door" cocktail which was tasty like a red sangria.  i began to forget things after i took couple more sips. lol
anyway, so be careful if you are stopping by for HH specials vs food.  the place is pretty busy for happy hour.  i ordered house wine at the bar to chillax and i was oddly annoyed that they served the house wine in a water cup? if that's your pet peeve too, maybe think twice about happy hr here lolThis place is awesome. Stopped by Saturday for a some dinner and a few drinks. Got two seats at the bar (very comfy bar stools). Had a few great mixed drinks and a meatball pizza. Definitely check this place out- breaking the mold of philly bar/restaurants with a huge wide open space! I'll be back.Love me some Sweet Betty (I think that's what it's called). Not a fan of whole tomatoes, but on this pizza, it's sooooooo good!  Had it while buzzed, and came back another time to try it sober just to see if it was the booze that made it so memorable.  Yeah definitely not the booze!  Never tried their NJ locations, but philly one is totally on point.  Bartenders here really are a million times nicer and helpful than the wait staff, not sure what the deal there is, but definitely would come back just to grab pizza with bar service!Happened in on a Sunday looking for a great atmosphere and a drink. I was not disappointed in Porta. There was a dj playing great music, a funky chill vibe and a great menu. 
I ordered a carafe of house red which was good and the price was great and an appetizer. I throughly enjoyed both.Came here for dinner with my SO and we had a wonderful time. The space inside is so much larger than what I expected from standing outside. We had made a reservation (they do take them within 7 days of the date) and were swiftly seated upstairs in the (somewhat) fancier dining area than the first floor. We were originally going to order the 14 1/2 (spicy sopressata) pizza but the special of the day (a white pizza with pears & proscuitto) swayed us. It was absolutely fabulous! If you ever go and they offer that, I highly recommend ordering it. As Neapolitan style pizza goes, this may be my favorite in the city. It's similar to Nomad Roman but with a chewier outer crust. We also ordered the Pan-Roasted Day Boat Octopus which comes with 3 tentacles, potato wedges and a light salad. This was also delicious. It doesn't taste like anything from the sea, just a very chewy texture. The potatoes were a little undercooked but everything else was so good that it didn't even matter. Drinks wise, highly recommend the Old Blue - I'm usually not a bourbon fan but this had such a wonderful flavor that masked it enough but also wasn't overwhelmingly sweet. The White Door was ok, just overpowered by the white wine so it didn't taste like a cocktail, just wine with some fruit flavor added in.Great place for happy hour and dinner! I got the fried polenta which was delicious but very salty. The arugula pizza was great, and was topped with so much arugula. They have $5 tap wine for happy hour as well as certain cocktails for $6. They have a handful of small apps for happy hour as well. They don't take reservations but we were able to walk right in and get a seat, the place is huge. I will definitely be going back!When it comes to pizza, I'm not a snob in any way, but I also never expect to be amazed. I will say though pretty confidently that I've had some great quality Neopolitan style pizza but what I ate at Porta was on a different level. The flavor combinations are experimental-sure and not what you're going to find in Italy, but trying something like the Spring Betty was incredible!
The quality of the ingredients is what makes this place standout. Fresh made cheese, flour and tomatoes from Italy, and of course the specially made ovens from Naples make this pizza joint worth visiting. 
It's a shockingly large restaurant and will comfortably hold big parties. They have so many TVs and large screens that it's a great place to watch a game.
Last but not least, the price point is ON point. My two girlfriends and I shared 2 pizzas and a salad and were amply full and the bill was less than $50 (we all had water bc we just came from a workout).
I left Porta pleasantly surprised and I am happy to spread the word on its deliciousness.Just wanna start off by saying that the place is soooooo cute ! The walls have graffiti all over them and it just sets a cool vibe from the second you walk in. We started off with the bread and ricotta appetizer, this is a must! We were in love with the ricotta it was so fresh & had such a good flavor( mad I didnt get a picture of it because I dug into it way too fast ). The 2 pizza's we got were good as well . 14 1/2 & the Italian stallion! We loved both! The staff was very welcoming & friendly as well. We will definitely be back & I cannot wait !
Follow @tastytableswitht on instagram for great restaurant dishes!Restaurant innovation: instead of a hostess, you have a baby golden retriever dozing on the hostess stand! Not only would that be adorable, but in this case, that sleeping puppy would be more competent and pleasant than the current occupants of that position at Porta. 
I won't bore you with the deta- yes I will. Let's just say their "call ahead" "policy" has operationalized Seinfeld's infamous complaint about the car rental agency: Porta knows how to take the reservation, but they don't know how to *hold* the reservation. But also, they don't know how to take the reservation, as when we called at 3:00, they said to call back a few minutes before you arrive, under the aforementioned "call ahead" inside-joke they present as policy. 
When I called ahead just as we were leaving, they said there were plenty of tables and we'd be fine. I asked if the could put my name in any way and didn't get a coherent response, just some babble about a table being near a bachelorette party. 
Then, upon arrival, they didn't have any open tables (because of course). *Then* they said they didn't accept call-ins after 4:00, prompting the question if they only took call-ins for lunch and not dinner. "No". At this point my head exploded like a calculator trying to compute any number divided by zero as I tried to understand this ever changing charade. 
I was finally put at ease when it dawned on me: they have no idea what they are doing. The cherry on top of their incomprehensible nonsense call ahead joke is the hostile defiance of the not one, but two hostesses, as they tried to explain the inexplicable. Their combined attitude formed a blackhole of good customer service, sucking in all possibility of satisfying their customers, like by moving us to one of the six open tables upstairs so we weren't next to the shreiking eels - I mean bachelorette party I mentioned (god forbid they sit 4 people at a table for 6!). 
Okay, time to wrap up: food and drinks used to be good, are now mostly mediocre except for the octopus, which remains good. Food also took an annoyingly long time to arrive. Also, not only are drinks over priced, but they charged my pregnant friend $3.50 for a club soda out of the tap, a bush league move if their ever was one. 
Finally became a fun place when they transformed into club, hence second star.Neck and neck with Vetri and Barbuzzo for best pizza in Philly.
The bronzino was simple and perfect, charred yet succulent.
It's a cavernous space, so sometimes it feels a bit desolate inside and  sometimes it's like eating in the middle of a nightclub.Beautiful place! Went here the first nice day of the year and was not disappointed. Went for drinks, got the White Door it was very strong and tasty Pat did an awesome job.
Quick service, even when it was packed. Definitely the move for a group happy hour or a fun pregame.Great service and food.  I've been there over 5 times now and every single time the experience has been perfect.  The staff and food is great.  One suggestion I would have to the restaurant is to have a different wine glass (the water glass they provide just doesn't cut it).  Otherwise the place can't get any better (the back bar connected behind Porta is pretty awesome to check out as well).  Do not limit yourself to pizza, the pasta is really outstanding.The kind of employees that make your night! Thank you to David and Dina at the bar for being so kind :)The food here is over priced for the quality you get. Everything was very salty, too salty. Also the portions of the dishes are not a good size for the price. Main course lasagna is small and very expensive. Service is not great. The food was okay, but not good enough for the prices payed for it. The drinks were good though. The Nutella pizza was the only good dish.The food was mediocre at best and overpriced. I probably wouldn't go here again.
I went on a Saturday around 8:30pm with 6 other friends. The main floor (street-level) is a cool atmosphere and they've decorated beautifully. It feels very "chic" "posh" and "cool." The drinks were delicious and the bartender was friendly and did an excellent job. We ordered calamari and it was ok.
Our table was family-style seating with long wooden tables. The music was extremely loud - I couldn't hear anything and so I didn't participate much in conversation. I ordered an arugula salad and it was the saltiest dish I've ever eaten in my life. It felt like I was licking a block of salt. I tried to eat it but I just couldn't. I had to send it back and exchanged it for a Pomodoro pasta which was very good. My friend said her salad was very salty too. The pizzas were good but they all fell apart. We had to fold them like burritos in order to eat them.
Everyone at the restaurant was between the ages of 20-25. It's definitely a spot for young people to get drunk and dance. It's more of a bar/club than a restaurant. They did have a lot of free games to play in the restaurant that it was connected to in the back, and that was cool.
Overall I may go here to go to a bar, but I'd never come again for the food. It's a bar/club, not a restaurant.Oh my god. I'm in town for work and came to grab lunch with a co-worker. We got the ricotta (which comes with bread) and a meatball (all beef) pizza. Unreal. All of it, totally unreal! Honestly some of the best brick oven pizza I've ever had!! Such a good experience, I don't know how they don't have 5 Stars. Worst part of my experience is that I didn't take a picture of the food to share with anyone reading this!Just found my new favorite hang in Philly. Wasn't really sure what to expect except that it was a pizza place with Jersey roots. Loved everything about the spot. Really awesome layout, cool vibe and delicious food! It really seems like it's going to be one of those places that evolves through the day (EG: Opa). I can't wait to come back when they have a DJ spinning.Came here for a friend's birthday in a party of 8. We called ahead and were told we'd have a table ready at 7. Unfortunately ended up having to wait an hour before being seated, and another hour for our food! In the end, the birthday girl got her food 1 1/2 hours after ordering! After mentioning this issue to the waiter, he said "the food comes out when it's ready". This is absolutely ludicrous and I would never come back.I LOVE PORTA. Been here with just 1 other person and also large parties. You can't go wrong either way. Let's start with the cheese. Get the house made ricotta or mozzarella. The ricotta is so creamy and delicious. You must also get the burrata appetizer. It is AMAZING. If coming with a group get them all to share along with some meatballs to start. 
There's also a pizza for everyone - my favorite is currently on the menu - the porta porta. More like a Stromboli it's out of this world. I've also had the 14 1/2 and the margherita which are also great. For dessert I've had the affogato but hope to get the crema fritta next time. I've also had the Nutella pizza - hits the spot! I'll be back many many times!!Very nice staff & service. The host and our servers were all super friendly and accommodating!
The menu has a nice variety of types of pizzas, so we ordered a medley and some salads. Salads were very large, mostly greens, but good. Beers were good & cold. Pizza crusts were good but the rest was a bit too thin for me so they did get soupy / wet from the sauce (we needed to fold the slices). Some people enjoy that, I personally prefer a crust that holds up better with the sauce.I love this place. This just opened up in Philadelphia and is one of many Portas. (Jersey city and Asbury Park Nj). The staff is always up on their game and the food is always on point. My personal favorite is their grilled octopus
 I don't even like octopus and figured id give it a try. If its on the menu i highly recommend ordering it. From the pizzas and the pastas you really can't go wrong with their specialty dishes.Wonderful addition to the happy hour scene in the area. 
Running from 4:00 pm to 7:00 pm and with their abundance of space and 3 bar areas we had plenty of time and space to grab drinks and something to eat. We stuck with their $5 house draft wines. The rose was dry as was the white wine but it has a delightful citrus note to the finish making it the refreshing and the winner for me. The fried polenta needed salt. They served it with grated cheese on top but that cannot make up for the lack of seasoning. On the other end we ordered the Winter Betty pizza. It is a white pizza with goat cheese, garlic and Brussels sprouts. This did not disappoint. The dough was cooked well and all the toppings were nicely distributed so that none were overpowering the other. With the proximity to my office and the longer happy hour Porta will stay on my list of places for an after work drink.may just be the best meatballs i have ever had. and the homemade ricotta was outta this world.This is only for those who wonder about going out at Porta!
I only went to Porta for Saturday night out. The venue is pretty cool and has the atmosphere of a dance club in the back. The DJ played rap music that night (which I liked) but many others weren't dancing. It's a big enough dance space by the DJ and towards the back and lights out. Very crowded so hard to move around. 
The bartender made my friend a strong drink but rudely cut me off when I hesitated on my order. I definitely understand it's busy and he can move on to other customers but I think it was unnecessary to answer his own question "Do you know what you want" with a "You don't know what you want" and rudely walk away.
The line at Porta was very long, took us ~30 minutes to get in. The security guard was only letting in 7 at a time even while people were leaving. We were at the front of the line and saw a group of 6 people pay him off to let them inside first. 
So I probably wouldnt go back to Porta to go out for awhile. I can't review on their food or normal dining experience.Terrible experience here. Food was over priced and subpar and not to mention i found a HAIR in my pizza - which the staff so rudely disregarded. BAD service. Will not be returning here and I recommend no one else does too.Tried this place for lunch.  
Good:
- Like the decor and space
- the crust and pizza dough was yum
- bar option 
Bad:
- upon arrival, i was told that the lunch special would only be available if i sit at the bar (which in most cases would be ok, however the place had one other table and was not more than 25% capacity the whole time).  This should apply for busy times only.
- i tried the mozzarella spread and it tasted like it came from the grocery store (hard block, didnt feel fresh)
Ok spot for lunch. I would try it againWe started our night at the bar because of the wait and we weren't served for 10 minutes even though we were sitting there. Then our wine was served to us in water glasses...
We were seated at a table but the table only had 2 chairs for our party of 3 and the hostess didn't notice. Then we ordered more wine and it was lukewarm. 
I wouldn't come back due to the sub par service that detracted from the food.Overpriced, poor-quality specialty pizza. 
I am from the New Haven, CT area and grew up on New York and New Haven pizza. This is the opposite. Came for a date night, and the food was so poor that we almost walked out. The service was also terrible - they messed up our apps as well as our entrees. The pizza was undercooked in the middle and had a very doughy crust. It was just bad. Will not return as there was not one redeeming quality about this meal.I've been to Porta in Jersey City, and this one just does not compare. We are currently here for brunch, and everything has been sub-par to say the least. 
We're a party of 7, and our food came out at different times (first the pizza, then 3 dishes ten min later, and then the last 3 dishes another ten min later). The worst part was, half of our dishes were cold or room temperature. How is the Pro-Pasto supposed to be cold when the asparagus and potatoes have been cooked? Is it hard to make scrambled eggs - why were they cold when they finally made it to the table (20 min after the pizza)? Not to mention, one of the food runners brought out the dishes and didn't even know what she was bringing. Instead of checking with another staff member, she just plopped it down. 
Educate your staff members and time your food better. I can't complain about the pizza or drinks (hence the 2 stars), but maybe I'll stick to Porta in Jersey City.Porta is a fantastic establishment and I'm happy they have a location in philly now. I've been to both of the nj locations and they never disappoint. The food is neapolitan style and they describe themselves as a neapolitan eatery so the food ingredients and preparation are true to that. The menu is always changing, they have happy hour specials, daily specials and have unique events regularly. In my experience the food is always fresh and hot, the meatballs, 14 1/2 / arugula pizzas, and wet mozzarella some of my go to items when I visit. The general manager Taylor is such a sweetheart who was very knowledgeable about the brand and menu and was very helpful with all my questions. If you're in the area, visiting philly or just looking for a new place to try out I 100% recommend porta.We attended a private party yesterday in the upstairs bar area. What a perfect space for a casual gathering with friends. Our bartender Sal was awesome- super nice, very professional and most of all patient with the guests and all the various drink requests! We just had pizza and anti pasta plates but everything was delicious! Only thing preventing 5 stars were the bathrooms, which probably need more attention during parties and definitely some sort of air freshener!Pros: 
Nice location
Great variety of stuff on the menu
The cocktails were excellent
Space was ENORMOUS and very well decorated
Music was good; I heard there is a dance floor somewhere in the building?
Outdoor seating available
Cons:
Pizzas didn't taste like anything special to justify the cost
Service was pretty terrible. We were waiting to have our check picked up for at least 10 min while the waitress on a relatively quiet night was clearly just chatting with two guys at a table near us. Then she finally took the check and miscounted the cash and we had to do everything over again. 
Only one water bottle for the table and we asked to have it filled and it never was. 
If you're in the area and want a mix of decent pizza and drinks and also have a large group of people this place is good. Don't go out of your way to come here though.I love complaining. It's my thing. But I find little too complain about here.
Let's start with the staff. The bartenders I dealt with were absolutely slammed. But systematically they churned through their customers with a smile and correct orders. So there, they nailed it.
On to the food. I had two different pizzas, the bread and ricotta, and three appetizers. And each bite felt both home made and delicious. Would I call this place '"homemade food"? No I would not. But I would call the quality as close as you can get, and in many cases, duplicating homemade.
The drinks. The beer selection was..... Ok. Not great. But ok. But I'm grading on a big scale here. Philadelphia has a tremendous beer scene, so to be good, you kinda need to be great. This place was good, which makes it only ok.
But the mixed drinks? Hello!
Now we're taking. The bartenders were skilled and it showed in their mixed drinks. From themed drinks to old classics I was impressed.
Management appears rock solid and they're eager to make sure all their guests seem happy. I saw several groups in and lots of regular customers, and I watched management mingled between them all making sure everything was on point (even stopping in to serve drinks when needed). 
I pay attention to details like that because it what makes a location. And I gotta say, this is a place I'll be back to. I enjoyed it.Hit the back bar during happy hour and it was a good experience. The drinks were good but the food was not as good. The appetizer baskets were too oily and thickly breaded. The drinks and ambience make up for the food. Nice place for a get togethers with friends and colleaguesThe restaurant is huge! It is divided into two sections each has its own bar and seating area. One section, as you enter, is quieter, more organized with smaller tables, probably for a more mature crowd. In complete contrast, the other section is pumping with loud music, with long wooden tables obviously meant for younger people. The decor is pretty cool - accent red brick walls, globe string lights, graffitied restroom area. I think that + pizza + the prices definitely equals to a solid 4 stars but -1 for how loud it is even at 6-7 pm, it almost feels like you are at a club. 
As we entered, we were seated in the latter section on one of the long wooden tables which was weird because we could see there were quite a few empty tables in the section with proper tables. I don't think they were all reserved but who knows. 
The menu here is pretty good and reasonably priced; they have a good selection and variety of wine, cocktails, pizza and pasta. We went for the "14 1/2" Pizza and it was delicious. Very thin crust and quite spicy but in a good way! Philly has many many exceptional pizza places so it is hard to compete but for me this particular pizza came pretty close. The happy hour was going on so I ordered a Sangria but it was okay, nothing special - but probably decent for what you would get for a happy hour price. 
Their cocktail menu looked interesting so might come back to try one of those.Love the pizza! fresh products, fresh made, and not a long wait, even when i ordered it on saturday when when the club was on full blast. oh! and it turning into a club on weekend nights is amazing. amazing drinks, music, food but it can get REALLY crowdedSo my friends and I were searching for a place to get some pizza without a wait of 1 hour and a half at 8:00pm. So we stumbled upon Porto...which seemed like a cool place to be. The ambiance of the place was great and fitting for this cuisine and venue. 
So let's go a little bit into detail:
Food: My colleagues and I ordered a mozzarella and bread, calamari, arugula pizza, carbonara pizza, meatball pizza, and Bootzin pasta. I will say that my colleagues enjoyed the carbonara, meatball pizza, and arugula pizza. However, the bootzin was not a big hit. And the portion size was extremely small for the price. 
Drinks: All of us enjoyed our drinks (New Belgium La Folie, Maraia wine, Pauline Pennino, Marchesi si Barolo Barbera)
Service: The service was not excellent for the caliber of this restaurant. The server was not attentive. We had to acquire the attention of another server because we were being neglected. Furthermore, the dishes weren't removed from our table as we finished. For the price of this restaurant...it was disappointing. 
Venue: The venue is great. The decor was great and fitting. In addition, the music was also fitting to the restaurant. 
Honestly, I was not impressed with the service as foodThe chef really knows what she is doing. The Pasta is on another level. The GM is very kind and always super friendly when I come in with family or friends! Love this place.I come here a lot. It's good for a semi-casual dinner or date. Some pizzas are amazing here--the pastas are very good...however I have had one pizza here that my friends and I found to be inedible: the Carbonara. The Parmesan doesn't melt and becomes hard and rubbery on the pizza.
Steer clear of this and you're golden.After spending a lot of time searching for a local restaurant that could accommodate both my omnivore father and brother and my daughter and I who are vegan and gluten free, I was excited to come across the menu at Porta Philly that had plenty of options to choose from. It was Father's Day and we were looking forward to a great lunch that had something for everyone. 
Sadly, when we arrived, we were informed that we could only order off off the brunch menu and that NO accommodations or alternatives would be provided. I was pretty shocked at the lack of flexibility and the "sorry but that's just the way it is" attitude of the kitchen. The brunch menu had almost no options for us. I ended up eating a salad only and my daughter just had coffee. It created an uncomfortable vibe to what was supposed to be a festive lunch.  We definitely won't be back. I guess customer service isn't a priority for Porta Philly.If I could give zero Stars I would. The service is absolutely appalling. I've been to the Asbury Park location over 15 times and they have it down solid. The Philadelphia branch is an embarrassment to the name. We dined in this evening and the server gave us tons of attitude with a few request for dietary restrictions. The pizza was cold the service was terrible and more importantly the manager was laughing with the staff at the host stand about our situation. I'm actually appalled! I've never been so embarrassed with my dining guests. Asbury needs to send people over to clean house.Less than 1 star. Poor service. Rude bouncers. Mostly lame spot for people trying to hit on other drunk people. It's a scene with shit drinks.Worst place ever don't go !! Horrible low grade staff, slow service, horrible trashy peopleWas seated for lunch a few minutes ago and only one other table occupied.  After six minutes of no one coming to the table I rang the restaurant and the host answered and put me in hold while he then proceeded to chat with someone sitting at the bar.  I decided to leave and bartender came over and tried to explain the only server was in bartender training (no customers ordered drinks while I was sitting where the server had to go behind the bar).  I watched server sit next to the only other table to chat with the guests.  Host never did take me off hold and answer the phone.  Everyone was quite nice when my coat caught a salt shaker off the table.  However, there was no excuse for the poor service.I had a terrible experience here last night. The pizza, meatballs, and drinks are nothing extraordinary and overpriced. To top off the overpriced average food, our server was rude and inattentive. She even had the audacity to argue with me about a coupon I had for a free pizza. She deliberately charged us full price for our drinks when some of them were on happy hour out of spite of the coupon. Save your money and go somewhere with better food and pleasant service.Pizzadelphia pizza fest review:
I'm the Chef at Brigantessa and we shared a pizza oven with Porta. The crew there was a pleasure to work with. We got along great right from the start. We talked, laughed and made some great pizzas. They make some really good pies I highly recommend checking them out. Get the Carbonara it's damn good!!!!!I was here on Friday night and both my friend and I had our phones pick pocketed out of our zipped purses. I went to the bouncer to warn him and he just shrugged. 
Before this, I purchased green tea shots and was charged $12/shot! I thought this was pricey but didn't question it and paid my tab. Later in the night, my friend purchased green tea shots from the same bartender and was only charged $7/shot. Unfortunately I did not keep my receipt to show the bartender.
It is a shame because I really enjoyed this restaurant/bar and came often but I now have negative thoughts on the place.This place is garbage . Seriously, don't even go there , bartenders are really rude . The security guys are only looking for someone to fight to make their self feel tough . Waited on a pizza for 40 min and at the end they were like "we closed" . Worst place to be in Philly. Remember it.HUGELY BIASED from Asbury Park location, but this place is great on weekends, if not over crowded. Definitely it's hard to get drinks on those nights, and not too much room to dance.. 
Came here a different night for a friends birthday party and WOW the food was great. Not too too many gluten free options, but it is a pizza/pasta place.. regardless wasn't priced too badly for how full I was walking away, and how many there were of us. Main reason starred down is because it seems slow for wait staff.Such good nightlife!!! Reasonably priced drinks ($6 for Alagash beer). Everyone starts dancing around midnight. Great timeThe food was ok, nothing out of this world. Service was friendly and prompt however if they try to seat you near the bar...turn and walk out. We had a table that was overcrowded by the bar folk. Kept getting bumped into and almost spilled my drink from that. It was like trying to have a nice dinner in the middle of a frat house. Maybe for lunch. On a weekday.A disgrace. In every sense of the word, a disgrace. To break it down:
Service: Horrendous. Our waitress made the DMV seem like a friendly place. 
Portion size: Definitely adequate for a hamster or a small bird. Not a human being.
Food quality: I like salt. You like salt. Porta likes salt a little too much.
If my two choices were between coming here again for free, or paying steakhouse prices to eat at McDonald's, go ahead and supersize me.Be CAREFUL! - MANY cellphones have been stolen at night here!  Visit at your own riskWas thrilled to finally try Porta after walking past it a million times. A friend and I went there for happy hour and ordered the meatball sliders, which were delicious but, as the name suggests, small. Since we were still hungry, we decided to ditch the fairly limited happy hour menu and order the 14 1/2 pizza based on a recommendation from our server. Was it the best pizza I've ever had in the city? No, but it was an enjoyable dinner that satisfied us. After pizza we each ordered the triple chocolate budino dessert. If you're expecting a Barbuzzo style budino, you're going to be disappointed, but it had good chocolate flavor despite being a bit small. My main issue was the superfluous cookie crumb on the top that just ended up as a pile on the table the second you tried lifting your spoon.
What really stood out to us was the great service we received. Our server was prompt, courteous, and always happy to answer our questions. When he saw that we were ordering his favorite pizza, he brought out a small bowl of honey and insisted that it was an unusual, but awesome topping (and it was a clutch recommendation, he was absolutely right). The atmosphere is also fun and lively. Happy hour is only at the bar, but the restaurant has three bars, so in all likelihood you'll be able to find a seat. Whenever I have a craving for quick, delicious pizza Porta will definitely be up for consideration.Everything tasted just ok. Single pasta portion was a joke, it was small enough to feed a toddler. 2 hours after we ate I threw up 4 times (I ordered the lemon pasta). Will not be returning.Went here for dinner, which was surprising because I've only ever come here before while bar-hopping in a browned-out state. I had no idea it is an actual sit-down restaurant with a full menu. It was pretty empty on a 
 Saturday night at around 8, which was nice because it was quiet and I was able to have a conversation without yelling. However, Porta has high ceilings, industrial decor, and is dimly lit, which made for a chilly sort of vibe. It didn't feel warm and fuzzy like you'd expect for an Italian restaurant. 
We got the ricotta, which was amazing, because ricotta is always amazing. The Porta Porta pizza was described to us as more of an open-faced calzone, and it was everything I could ever ask for. It's the kind of dish where every time your date grabs another piece you resent them more and more for robbing your taste buds of something truly exquisite. 
I got the White Door cocktail, which was a grapefruit, peach, white wine, and prosecco drink. It was good, but not as strong as I usually like my drinks, so I switched to wine. Date got the American Pharaoh, which was super strong, so I recommend if you like a stiff bourbon drink. 
Go for the Porta Porta calzone, and leave before it turns into a club.DON'T BE FOOLED, THIS PLACE SERVES PIZZA BY DAY AND POPPIN TUNES AT NIGHT. 
No cover, it's lots of fun and the music is pretty good, usually hip-hop when I have been there. It does get pretty packed at night, which I guess is a good thing but sometimes it is too packed. Overall, one of my favorite bars/nightlife locations.Giving this place 1 star because zero isn't an option. We were seated 30 minutes late for our reservation because our hostess forgot about us and gave our table away. It took another 15-20 minutes for a server to greet our table with water. Then at least another 15-20 minutes for her to come back and take our order. Even though we ordered starters, the food came out very randomly. 2 hours after starting this nightmare, only 2 out of the 5 people in our party had gotten their entrees. The quality and quantity of food was absolutely terrible. It certainly didn't warrant the prices they are charging. The overall experience was awful at every turn. I managed a very busy restaurant in NYC for years, so knowing what good service looks like and usually being very forgiving of missteps in service, I can say in all honesty this was a zero star experience. Don't waste your time and money on this place.Very subpar when I was here for a birthday party. We walked in at about 1pm with a party of 12 people and there were maybe 5 other people there. I don't like to complain about servers because sometime they are dealing with a lot at once but Tiara wasn't. We ordered 2 orders of meatballs and 10 pizzas total. Upon bring the pizza, the one pizza they forgot was for the birthday girl. And she didn't forget it, she brought the wrong pizza and said you got this one right? She said no. The pizza she did order didn't show up until about 25 minutes after everyone else's. Also during the meal, she brought 2 bloody Mary's that we didn't order, and said we could have them since they were already accidentally made "which is great, that's what should happen". But when we got our bill, the bloodys were added onto the bill and when we told the manager that we didn't order them but were given them, Tiara came out of nowhere and said "Well you drank them didn't you?" This is after she ignored our table for a solid 20 minutes while letting the food runners, other servers and manager take care of us. To top it off, the pizza wasn't even good. You could honestly go to your local grocery store and get a bake yourself Cali Pizza Kitchen pizza and it'd honestly be better.We ducked into Porta on a recent trip to Center City, when we were randomly hungry at 3pm on a Saturday. The space is HUGE which I find to be somewhat rare in Philly, so you could definitely organize a huge meal here. We were able to get mimosas and order off of the brunch menu, though I think there is definitely a cutoff before dinner where they switch out the menu items.
I had the carbonara pizza, and my boyfriend had the margherita. Both were perfectly crispy and served HOT. I'd absolutely go back!Came here for Sips and thank God there are 3 bars because this place was crowded. My friends and I chose the upstairs bar because we're old(er) and we like to hold conversations without yelling at each other. 
While the upstairs bar was less crowded than both downstairs bars, the service was lackluster. The bartenders looked like deer-in-headlights; at one point, there was only one Sips menu floating around the bar (luckily, someone who looked like a manager made more copies). Food came out quickly though and you get a full-size pizza for $5. My friends said it was okay tasting. I got a meatball slider (sans bun) and it found the meatball to be rather dry.
The layout of the upstairs is...odd. It seems as though they could have used the space in a better way, but I'm not an interior designer, so what do I know?! I didn't venture to any of the other bars, but this place definitely has lots of space. 
I would come again if in the area and it was happy hour.Food NEVER arrived.. Left without having lunch.... REALLY ???
I am working at the Courthouse a few blocks away.  I was greeted by a pleasant young lady at 12:10pm.  I asked if we could be in and out in 20-25 minutes.  She assured me that they specialize in quick lunches, and it would be no problem.
A young male waiter came over with water.  I asked how long it would take for a pizza.. He assured me that they weren't backed up, and it would be out quickly.  I told him we had 20 minutes, and he  said "No Problem".    
I watched him walk around and deliver a few pizza's, and stand behind the bar and chat with a female patron.  At 12:45, still no pizza, and he was still busy talking to the girl at the bar.  Note: 35 minutes had transpired.
No Pizza, No Service, Nothing.  I walked up to the bar and said sarcastically :  Thanks for nothing, I have to go.  He said:  OK, Thanks with a smile... REALLY ???OOF.  I can't decide what's worse - the bouncers that physically assault their patrons, including women, or whoever is stealing phones. I had my phone stolen last night and immediately turned off so that Find my iPhone doesn't work, which seems to be a recurring theme based on prior reviews. I also watched a bouncer throw a girl (whom I did not know) to the ground, seemingly unprovoked, with no repercussions and full support of the rest of the Porta staff.  It was scary to watch.
There's something deeply unsettling about the staff and Management's complete disregard for their patrons and the collective refusal to believe patrons if something goes wrong. It's pretty clear that everyone is "in on" whatever is happening there.  They are allowing mass phone theft to occur.  Read the prior reviews - this is not one or two isolated incidents.  Porta is borderline violent at night, led by the security team, who proactively cause issues.  No other bar in the city has security staff acting like this.
This place is categorically trash.  Do not go here at night.I thought this was going to be more of an upscale pizza/food place. It's not!! We weren't even allowed to eat our pizza at the bar because it turns into a trashy night club. We had to stand while eating our pizza while drunk 21 years spilled drinks on us. Also, the staff was extremely rude about it.The bartender came out and grabbed me by me by my throat. I do not understand how a company at this level can allow this. Disappointed as a multiple paying patron.Fast service, great food and meatballs are just delicious! The bartender was attentive. I love this placeMy four star review is based on the restaurant portion of Porta and not on the club that Porta turns into at night since I have no idea how to rate the disaster that is club Porta. My friends and I joke, based on the crowds, that Porta is the underaged bar and Brickwall (which can be accessed through the back of Porta) is the 25-30 bar. To summarize, avoid Porta at night unless you want to be trampled on. 
Alright, I'm done being the Grinch. I've been to Porta for dinner a handful of times and my experience has mostly been solid. It's great for large groups because the restaurant is huge. At this point I've tried all of their vegan pizzas. I really like the Marinara pizza and the Rita & Mark pizza, but I wish I never tried the Snawzeech, which had so many weird and conflicting flavors. I've never been particularly full after eating these pizzas, but they hold me over for an hour. That said, I am a pretty big eater despite my size so there's that. I can't really comment on anything else besides the pizza as they don't really offer anything else for vegans. 
A couple other notes, their prices are reasonable, the decor is fun, and the service is nothing spectacular, but it's fine. I've never been upstairs, but I have a friend whose job has happy hours up there regularly (Tip: There's a bathroom upstairs as well as downstairs).
TL;DR - Avoid Porta at night, enjoy the pizza during the day time through dinner!Wasn't going to go out of my way to write a review until, I saw how many other people felt disrespected by the horrible rude bartenders. My experience in particular was a few Saturday evening's ago with a blonde female bartender. I asked for her name but was not given a response and was told there " is no manager so just order another drink." I worked in the service industry for over 15 years, and I have never in my life felt so disrespected by a person in the industry.LOVE this restaurant. Great happy hour deals and turns into a club-like atmosphere at night. Gorgeous big two story interior. Has a little bit of a romantic ambiance with a cool vibe. Plays AWESOME music- popular alternative hits. Great delicious foodVery bad experience at this restaurant. The waitress was not attentive at all and even rude at some moments. We had a coupon for a free pizza and the waitress tried to argue with us that it only counted for a Margherita Pizza even though no where on the coupon does it say that and the staff never mentioned that all of dinner. We ask her to check with the manager and she comes back with the bill saying they approved the coupon and took off the pizza. However, after looking at the bill it appears they charged the full price for our drinks even though we ordered on happy hour. We asked her what the discrepancy was for seeing higher prices for the bill and she stated that the normal price of the drinks costed more than we thought, (as if we couldn't check the menu and see what the prices were). After informing her that she indeed charged us for the full amount of the drinks and not that the happy hour prices she let off with snark remark that we were lucky we got the free pizza with the coupon and that charging us the full price of the drinks made it even! Extremely rude, admitted to intentionally charging us higher prices than she should, and horrible customer service. Decent pizza but with this experience I will not be going again.Just came here for the first time with friends for happy hour. 
Atmosphere: casual, plenty of seating for parties ranging from 1 person to two person at the bar to a large picnic style tables. Relaxed, casual scene, definitely quiet enough to have conversations. Great for large parties as well. 
Food: average, nothing out of this world. We ordered panchetta, veggie and meatball sliders,  Margherita pizza, and fried mozzarella. Was all 3/5 in taste scale, prices make it worth it but wouldn't buy these at full price here. 
A friend also ordered an IPA that was on happy hour, she enjoyed it!
Service/Wait: individual seating at bar is first-come first-serve for happy hour, no wait whether you come early or at end of happy hour.Can I please tell you about Porta?! This was my 4th time eating here and it's consistently been delicious, and the service has been great. Now when I say the service is great, I want you to know the folks here go above and beyond. They have taken extra time to walk me through the cocktail choices, made sure I got a bite of the beautiful Octopus dish the staff was tasting, introduced me to regulars at the bar and slipped me a coupon for a complementary margarita. 
Vegan pizza options in center city are surprisingly few. The house made vegan ricotta is rich and creamy. Everyone you take here will find something delicious. I can't wait to check out the jazz brunch and DJ nights. 
Extra thanks to Sarah and Arielle who took great care of my mom and I today for lunch.I have never been so disrespected as that blonde bar tender Saturday night 8/24. She was rude and impersonalable. I work in the service industry and know the struggles of bartending, we came in at the bar before the rush and she was so rude and I could tell her and the other brown haired, male bartender didn't want to be there. I will never be back and tell all of my friends not to go there. Thanks for nothing. The WORST service I have ever had.Porta hosted a small corporate event. The food and bar were fantastic. Everyone was so accommodating and professional.Classy food, but with a casual feel. The menu is definitely made with high quality ingredients and you can taste it! Came here for a company event and we had an open bar... so not having to pay for the drinks and food I think definitely impacts my view. 
Tried the Mozzarella app, margherita, carbonara, scampi, pesto, and summer Betty pizzas. Scampi was definitely my favorite but all the shrimp fell off the slices when we were trying to separate the slices  
I appreciate that you can get single or double portions for the pastas ($10/$18 for most pastas) and it's got a pretty standard spread of Italian food like calamari, pizza and pastas. Also at night, Porta becomes a club and great place to hang out so it's really multi purpose!stopped in on a whim to watch the game. place is large and super low key. pizza was good and drink was good. theres two large projectors on both ends of the bar playing different games on football sunday. music was bumpin with a live DJ. pleasantly surprisedThis place is hugeeeeee. It's in a nice location. They have weekly and weekend specials. We went on a Saturday, and the special had something to do with cannolis. ON MONDAYS THEY SERVE $5 MARGHERITA PIZZAS!!! My friend and I shared a Cavolo Nero (--$14 Tuscan Kale, shaved sunchoke and watermelon radish, Chile-Gaelic crostini, Parmigiano Reggiano, lemon-garlic dressing) and a Margherita Pizza (--$14 vegetarian: San Marzano tomato's, house-made mozzarella, Parmigiano Reggiano, basil, EVOO). Ok so $14 for a big ass salad is kinda much. It was good...but unnecessary. We just needed something refreshing to accompany our pizza. We devoured the pizza. It was thin, a lil burnt, unevenly sliced, soft not crunchy when biting into it. But we both enjoyed it. Could use more basil. They had people checking to see if we needed anything (constantly). My friends ordered the House-Made Mozzarella (--$10), Winter Betty (--$17), single portion of Winter Risotto (--$15 too lemony and took forever to come out), and Arugula Pizza (--$16). I saw them hand-making the pizzas as we came in. I love that they have vegan options -- even if I'm not vegan. I just think the prices are a little crazy, but they seem to value their ingredients a lot. I'll have to check out the other pizzas though. All in all, I didn't feel that bloated after eating this food, so 4 stars it is! I did pass a lil gas from it (I think I'm lactose intolerant)Do not go here at night. Security makes it so impossible to even enjoy yourself. You can't stand near any wall or in any pathway...how are you suppose to even exist in a crowded club???? RATCHETCan only speak to the happy hour bar experience I encountered with drinks; no food. While the back bar wasn't "slammed", there was about 4 or 5 groups of people 2-6 people each that an ambitious (read: wants to make the shift worth their while) bartender could easily handle. 
Instead, our first round took 15 minutes  (3 cocktails, a rum and coke, and a cup of wine) and we only had time for one more round in the hour and half we were there due to her being too caught up with her friends/patrons' instagrams and never looking our way. Once I walked over to get her attention, it took another 10 minutes for her to *start* making the drinks. 
The cherry on top is that she attempted to charge us the full price of the drinks vs half the price as advertised blaming it on the computer. Boils down to her not paying attention at all throughout our visit. 
Leaving this as two stars as I hope to have a better experience when I go back for food, but in attentive staff with no hustle, a Tuesday night or not, is not a good start.Stay away from this joint! There are people inside that are on a mission to steal your phone. It has happened to at least 6 people that I personally know and I'm sure others are effected. Not only will you get your phone stolen but some of the employees will treat you like dirt on the ground. When I handed the bouncer my license and he handed it back and yelled "here, take it!". Then when we walked inside the employees were fighting with each other and yelling at their guests. It was an absolute mess and I will never go back to this disgrace of a place. If you are in this area, go to Tradesman's or BruI wish I could give negative stars for this place. Terrible service. Cold food. I would recommend that NO ONE ever come here.Great pizza in a nice atmosphere. The cocktail staff at the bar was fabulous. It does get fairly crowded and a little too loud.Had the most unprofessional, bizarre experience during brunch. We sat down for brunch each ordered our own meals. My friend ordered the "Dr.Van Nostrand" which is essentially a bagel with salmon. 20 minutes later, my food and her salad comes out, but no bagel. The manager comes over and tells us that they did not have the salmon for the bagel and had her chose a substitute. 20 minutes later, the bagel comes out with two scrambled eggs and the vegan sausage she chose. Not only should a bagel and eggs take 20 minutes, but the fact that it came out after me and my other friend were finished our meals is unacceptable. The real kicker is the size of the bagel that cost $18. Posted a picture because the words i would use to describe it can't do it justice. The recovery from the manager was also lame. Last note- they don't modify dishes or have iced coffee.... brunch without iced coffee is like a bar without alcohol.   So disappointed.I was served wine in a mini water glass. At first I thought it was a mistake or they had run out of glasses -- upon surveying the dining area, I realized this was in fact their standard practice. Not somewhere I would recommend for a drinkHonestly had the worst experience here. I came with 4 other friends and I was on the second floor coming down the stairs when a young man accidentally elbowed me and spilled some of my drink on my chest. This wasn't the problem but the issue was that he then turns around and starts to yell at me and proceeds to smack both my and my friends drinks and to top it off throws our straws in our hair. I went to security and she walked up to him and he agreed to replace both my drink and my friends (essentially admitting to what he did.) Then he runs away and doesn't get me a drink and when I go back to security they tell me that they can't help me because they didn't see it. I'm sorry but I spent $10 on a drink and if security can't help me and my friend when someone intentionally knocks my drink out that's absolutely ridiculous. What's the point of security? If security can only help when they see it happen then they're useless. Then when we asked for the manager they said something along the lines of "we work for xyz company I can't help you." What is the point?!?! Granted this isn't the end of the world but if they can't help for something like this how can they help for something serious if the only way they can do something is if they see it happen. I've never had to speak to security but I can only hope that other establishments can handle security better. The point of security is to protect and ensure a safe environment and they did nothing. Not even kick the guy out after we had multiple people witness the situation.It's surprisingly spacious and cool inside. Was not expecting that. 
Kinda Pricey - but the personal pies are bigger than most places. If you stay away from booze it's not as pricey, you could split an app and a pie between two people and not spend a lot.
I thought it would be a 4 but I think I'm going 5 and will return soon. I tried 3 pies and liked them all.Perfect spot to unwind, with friends or by yourself. Great pizzas and a butter cake that is so good it's like being kissed by heaven. Woo and Daryn serve up a delicious margarita and even better laughs. Don't miss Wednesday night Sips; get there early to get a seat and enjoy the night. I'll be back again and again.I would never consider returning to Porta.  Their "security team" were the most awful thing I've ever encountered.  I was in line to get in with a girl I was with.  We waited well over 30 minutes to get in during the rain while they continued to blatantly let hordes of other females in the door the entire time.  They didn't wait at all.  Not only this, the security guard who let us in asked me "you let her out like this?"  So disrespectful.  I would have left immediately if I wasn't celebrating my friends birthday.  After being inside, the security team falsely accused my friend of jacking people's  wallets.  I also saw them get a kid in a headlock who was clearly innocently.  Not only was this kid on the verge of tears, the girl he was with was balling her eyes out and he was clearly innocent and they were using unnecessary force.  Please avoid this place at all costs.  It's also tiny inside, the music is horrendous, and it's overly packed and just sucks all around.Food is not worth the prices or any other visit. Service is okay. The space itself is nice, spacious, and clean.
Autumn Betty was just meh. You can taste the goat cheese or the truffle pecorino or the thyme or the walnut oil. All you can taste is the heap of mushrooms on this pizza. Too many mushroom that aren't even seasoned or cooked well. Okay for one slice, but hard to eat a whole pie of mushrooms.
Love and mercy pizza was also meh. Unmemorable. Soggy center. 
14 1/2 was good. I liked the spicy soppresetto. Best pizza out of the three, but NOT great pizza by any means.
Chicken and waffles is a total rip off. The chicken is okay. The waffle is dry and bland. It's a big plate of mediocre $20 chicken and waffles. Not worth it.
The eggs in purgatory was fine. They completely overlooked it the first time so we had to send it back.
The crostanza was probably the best thing. It was a nice little fig, ricotta pizza.
Somehow I asked for OJ and got a screwdriver. I don't even know how you mess that up.
Overall, I would never come back. With such prices you would expect really good food, this is mediocre at best.
If you want pizza, go to Zavino or nomad Roman!This place has been on my list since they opened and I've walked by several times and it looked very warm and inviting, so I was really excited to try it when I was actually in center city, hungry and in the mood for a sit-down meal.  However, it didn't live up to the hype and I left feeling like I spent too much for just okay food.
The inside is beautiful and nicely decorated and is MASSIVE, with two full dining rooms, each with their own bars, and an upstairs area.  When we first arrived around 6 PM on a Wednesday night, there were tons of seats available so I was hoping to get a seat quickly.  The host told us there would be a 20 minute wait, so they took my phone number while we killed time at Macy's.  20 minutes later, it was ready as promised, however, I'm still confused as to why there was even a wait when the place was barely close to full?  I later saw there was a closed-off holiday party in the upstairs area, so maybe they were short-staffed from that, but still, there were only 2 of us.  Felt a bit like a place tourists would frequent.
We were sat at a small 2-top in the middle of the walking area, which felt a little cramped but also cozy in that city charm way.  Water and wine were both served in those short cylinder glasses, which is kind of a hipster gimmick, but oh well.  Really loved the drink selection (tons of beers on draft, bottles, cocktails and wines).  I got the Montepulciano, which was nice.  
For splittable apps, we started with the mozzarella and the bibb salad.  The mozzarella was by far the best part of the meal - HUGE mound of tasty, fresh mozzarella with a generous coating of S&P and olive oil.  They only served 3 small pieces of bread, though, so we requested more.  The bread was tough and chewy to eat - a few minutes in the oven or a different type would have been better.  Bibb salad had gorgonzola, walnuts and an apricot dressing, but there was hardly any cheese or nuts and I had to hunt to find them, and the dressing was overpowering.  Plus, the lettuce was browning and spotting and kinda wilty.  I only managed to salvage a few good pieces.   I was craving salad so this was a disappointment.
For entrees we both got the "double" portion of the Biggie Smalls, which was rabbit pappardelle in a tomato sauce with creme fraiche and rosemary.  I was torn between that and the pizza with brussels, but decided pasta was the way to go.  I should've just went with my gut and stuck with the pizza which they're known for, cause this was also disappointing.  First of all, the "double" portion (@ $22) was much smaller than the server described ("single" is lunch size she said, "double" is dinner sized).  Without the mozzarella and bread, I would've still been hungry.  Portion wouldn't have mattered much if flavors were there, but it was the blandest dish of pasta I've ever had, save for the large stems of unpalatable rosemary scattered throughout that got stuck in my teeth.  More salt, spice, herb or even gamey rabbit (I counted TWO tiny bites in my entire dish) could've elevated that dish a little more.  Plus, the pasta was overcooked/mushy in some areas, and stuck together and undercooked in others.
Overall, service was good and ambiance is great, but for the two apps, two entrees and three drinks, it came to over $100, which was not worth it IMHO.Forgot to add there's no cover and you can wear not nice clothes and still get in, so if you don't feel like ruining your nice going out outfit but still wanna get ratchet, head on over in sneakers and shorts and it's fine. Still a great place. Also the food and drinks are decent but that's not what I go for.Went for a lunch here, I also run a restaurant, but I ask the server to put please just put marinara on my spag he said no. There was butter in the spaghetti so I can't eat it. So still proceed to order the pork Milanese, server for get my drinks and brought 1 Aperol for my wife. I just laugh at the whole dinner because I have no Idea whats in the head of my server. He could at-least offered a bread or any starch.I stopped in for a quick beer, and although I didn't have anything to eat, the service here was outstanding. I can see this place rocking at night, and perhaps the next time I'm in Philly,  I'll check it out. I would have loved to have a Citywide special, but this really wasn't the place for that traditional goodness.Good experience at Porta! I have been here several times for dinner and have also gone out at night here. It's a great place to hang out with friends and get awesome pizza. They have really great pizzas that are fully customizable. They offer vegan options! Which is awesome. 
They have a full bar and also they are connected to brick wall so you can go in between both restaurants/bars and not have to go outside at all! Great vibes at both places. 
Porta has family style tables that are reminiscent of picnic tables. 
The waitstaff is super chill and nice. They are very accommodating and seat you when they can and if they are empty you can just choose where you want to sit. 
We went for the eagles game and had so much room and space and it was awesome that we were allowed to get loud and rowdy!My first impression of Porta was that the space is huge-- two downstairs rooms each with a full bar and a second floor loft. I liked that the set-up offered multiple experiences. You could have a typical sit-down dinner in the first room, stand by the bar for drinks or grab a quick bite with a large group at the long tables in the back (what I did). We got the margherita and Italian stallion pizzas, and the porta Porta calzone. All were great, especially the margherita. Porta also offered an extensive drink menu with happy hour specials all during the week, so you can avoid the Wednesday summer sips crowds like us. The lines to the bathrooms were very long since they were shared by another restaurant.Second time here and surprised to find an unbelievably hostile environment orchestrated by bar staff and "security". 
Witnessed a woman thrown to the ground by "security".  "Security" guard was subsequently held back by others from following that up. Unfortunately other sights throughout the night made it clear that wasn't an isolated incident. With so many other places to go, I have no idea why anyone would chose this place.Pretty solid brunch setup, and fairly priced. I got the crab Benedict which was fire and the perfect amount of food. Mimosa carafes also a perk, but sipped through them so quicklyLeaving the bar (I'm an interracial couple) guy goes to my girl friend get your white a** out of here (hence we were drinking water). This establishment
 is trash and everyone who works here. 
Talked to the manager and all they had to say was sorrySuper cute decor. The service was wonderful. I got the Margherita pizza and it was delicious. My friend got one of the other vegetarian pizzas - I can't remember the name of it, only that it had an egg on top. Both were great. The drinks were also really good. My favorite was the bees knees.I loves the cool vibe of Porta. We got the 14 1/2 pizza and it was amazing. My boyfriend got the calamari and it was eh he said. The cocktail I had was also delicous. They have a good selection of beers too. We will be back!More like Porta-Potty because this place smells like feces!! The service is also shitty and like a previous yelpers review, I was also up charged for having them open a new bottle of Malbec. Come to mention it that also tasted like I was drinking Porta-Potty water!!I'm shocked. Plenty of good reviews for this place, it definitely does not deserve one star. 
-Arrived with my girlfriend; Sat at the bar
-Ordered a Stella, and she ordered fried peppers. 
-Everyone was nice, prompt, on the ball. First game of the NFL season. Eagles vs. Giants
-Food comes, quickly; Everything is nice and hot. 
-She takes a bite of the meatballs and says too salty. 
-Darn. They are WAY TOO salty. For meatballs. 
-No Problem. I'll just get the bartender to exchange or comp the meatballs I did NOT eat.
-He ignores me. I've had my card out, playing with it like it's some poker chip on the bar. 
-Both my gf and I stare at this bartender who continues to make drinks and avoid us. 
-It's been almost 30 mins since I placed my meatballs at the bartender's side of the bar. 
-I'm livid. I walk out. 
-My gf comes out to find me. The manager proceeds to come out to stop us. 
-He immediately gets in both me and my gf's face. 
-Whole scene turns into a shouting match. He threatens to call the call cops. 
-I tell them I agree to pay for the beer/drink/peppers, and they charge me for the damn meatballs. (THAT I DID NOT EAT) 
-Another manager looking type (purple shirt) comes up to me and ask if there's anyway he can help. 
-Sure! Tell him the other gentleman is out of line and not willing to hear my side of the events. 
*He then says to me verbatim "Sorry man, he's on my team, I have to go with what he says". 
-If that's not most disturbing thing you ever heard from restaurant staff..... 
-No one looked nor tried the food that was served to us. 
-OR EVEN HAD THE DECENCY TO ASK WHY WE WERE UPSET. 
-Never goin back. PERIOD.My friend and I came here for dinner and drinks on a Thursday evening around 5:30pm and were seated right away. It was very warm and stuffy inside (I was sitting next to the thermostat which read 76), but a staff member came to turn on air conditioning about halfway through our meal. The space is decorated very well with modern yet rustic decor.
We came to Porta because of the great happy hour advertised, and while the drink specials were good, there were no food specials, even though the menu advertised that there were. I had a $4 happy hour beer and a $7 cocktail, both of which were good. The cocktail was the White Door (Skyy Texas grapefruit, peach liqueur, white wine, orange juice, topped with prosecco).
My friend and I decided to split the "double" Monday Night (gnocchi with ricotta, vodka sauce, and parsley). It was good, but the portion size was so tiny for both the name (double) and the price ($22). It also took an extremely long time for the dish to come out considering how simple it was. Our second round of drinks also took a very long time to arrive at the table.
Overall, the space is really cute and trendy and the drinks are fine, but the food is overpriced and the service isn't great.Cute vibe and great food.  Make sure to try the fresh mozzarella and lemon risotto.  Those were my favorites! 
The staff was very friendly and attentive.When I think  of boutique pizza parlors, I have higher expectations than this place. Though pizza wasn't necessarily bad, it was just basic. $17 for a pepperoni pizza with a fancy name. I enjoyed the white pizza more, and the ricotta cheese appetizer was yummy, but needed more bread on the side! We also dined our on Valentine's Day with another couple, but we ate late around 9pm to avoid the crowds. It didn't seem busy when we were there, but our server was MIA through dinner, and when we were finishing up, the employees started dragging chairs to the corners of the room to make a dance floor. At least  pick up the chairs or wait til we're leaving for polites sake!Bar discriminates against people with disabilities. 
I tried to go to the bar at this restaurant on 12/14/19 and was denied entry because the bouncer thought my slurred was due to drunkenness rather than my disability. My friends explained my disability and that I was not drunk, still the bouncer still denied me entry. Do not go to this bar if you have a disability.The food was really good. The atmosphere was really cool and trendy. The service left something to be desired. We got there when it wasn't very busy and had a reservation since it was restaurant week. Our server  was nice but a bit aloof. I asked for an unsweetened tea. She brought the tea and left. It was sweet. I waited almost 100 minutes before she returned to the table for me to let her know and then she asked someone about it and apParenty they don't ever have a sweet and unsweet options it's just one or the other which I thought was dumb. In any case, despite no tea for me the food portions were humongous and good. We chose the kale salad and the plate with the homemade  ricotta and  mozzarella. The ricotta was to die for. SO creamy and delicious. I could have put it on everything. The salad was truly enough to feed like 6-8 people. We left most of it there and we still had plenty. The pizza was good. I got the 14 1/2. It was pretty spicy but I liked how it had bits of the homemade ricotta on it. Also humongous  to each get a pizza so quite a bit leftover there as well. To finish we had the Nutella pizza and the budino. The Nutella pizza was  ok but I thought the make up was a bit weird. I would have fathered regular pizza crust and the Nutella but the sandwiched it between thin and crispy dough. Some of it was burnt. I'd maybe come  back here but nothing I tried really was super special.I've given Porta a few chances at this point based on the hype it's gotten. I can't hold off on this review anymore. I'm not impressed.
There's nothing wrong with Porta. It's just that the pizzas are just strictly average at best. I've tried the margarita on several occasions and it's been average. Sometimes the dough is chewy with a slight crisp. I had the arugula pie last night. It was essentially the margarita with a bunch of arugula on top doused in truffle oil. The oil drenched it and made the crust floppy. Based on the description, I would've expected more.
The atmosphere is fun, though. The colors are vibrant and it's a great place for a group- especially at the back bar. They offer a happy hour, where I will usually get the house draft red. They don't put any of their good beers on happy hour. They had a Crooked Stave last night, but it was dreadfully old and didn't have the tartness it's known to have. 
I wish Porta impressed me. Based on everyone's obsession, I'm bound to be back. I hope they prove me wrong.Can't comment on the actual food or servers, but need to express how careless the evening staff and security guards are. 
I was here a few Saturday nights ago celebrating a friend's birthday. For those who don't know, this place turns into a very busy bar with a dance floor during weekend evenings. Around 1:30 am I realize I had just left my phone in their restroom about 5 minutes prior, and was told by a security guard watching the closed door that I was not allowed back in to look for it. I spent the next 15 minutes until close asking any employee for help, and was told I couldn't look for it and the most they could do was "give me a call in the morning". A few minutes after 1:45 am I was getting frustrated, kept trying to walk to the bathroom to look and was physically picked up and carried out of the building. Went home to check Find My iPhone to see my phone was still on and was still in their restaurant. 
Came back the next morning and was met by a super nice female manager who helped me look around the entire restaurant, still with no luck. By the time I got back home after our search, I was getting notifications that my phone was being located at a nearby campus and had officially been stolen. 
I know this place is in the city and I know that people (including myself) need to be more careful with their belongings, but it needs to be known their nighttime staff only cares about themselves, their money, and their own time. Hold on tight to your belongings if you go.The portions are fair and the price is good, but the restaurant is really pretty loud. The decor and ambiance are nice but sound travels easily throughout so you can hear everything. 
While I liked the Snawzeech, the spice component tasted similar to the red chili flakes I'd add on a delivery pizza from home. My friend loved her carbonara pizza. 
I wouldn't mind coming back here but also would like to try other pizza places. Haven't quite found a compelling reason to return.We went out here last night. The staff was incredibly rude. After waiting in line in the cold and finally making it to the front, they made my boyfriend wait outside for 20 more minutes for absolutely no reason at all. Because of this, we completely lost our group for the night. Looking around at the others asked to wait, it seemed like they just didn't want to let guys in. When inside, you felt like the staff was constantly watching you, getting off on any opportunity to kick someone out. At one point, a security woman starting screaming at me saying I tripped her and I had to leave. I was sitting on the couch talking & minding my own business! Luckily, another patron defended me to her and she let it go. Honestly, you're better off going to tradesman.The food was wonderful and the staff was just as pleasant!
Stopped into Porta yesterday with my best friend. We were planning on heading somewhere else but as we walked by Porta, it was filled and seemed worth the experience. 
We ordered a beer each, and two pizzas to split. The menu was so well organized and each item sounded good, we had a tough time picking! 
After our first pie arrived (that we devoured) our waitress came over and let us know that the second pie would be out soon. It had came out of the oven and wasn't up to her standards so she made them remake it for us. Which was very nice. She came over again about 10 min later and asked if our second had arrived yet - it didn't but we didn't mind. 
Ten more minutes later, it still hasn't came. We didn't even realize that so much time had passed because we were busy chatting and having our beers, totally relaxed. The manager on duty came over very politely and talked to us about our second pizza not coming out in time and told us without hesitation that they were going to comp it. We were honestly so thankful because we didn't even notice it was taking so long, and we're seriously just enjoying our time. We told him it was ok and that we'd pay and he insisted on removing it from our bill. So very nice. 
The food was amazing but the staff was even better. We were both so full and very impressed when we left.Came to Porta for happy hour with a friend one Tuesday night. I have been telling my boyfriend that we should try this place for months but he's all "nooo we already have so many pizza places" and apparently my friend and her husband were having the same argument so we decided to ditch the boys and come check it out for ourselves. Great idea!
I arrived maybe 15-20 minutes before my friend and was able to get someone to move over at the bar so I could claim two seats next to each other. Tip: turns out there's a bar upstairs, and there's also a bar on the left side of the building (which, at the time, was a private party), so check out all those spaces if the first bar when you walk in is full! I decided to get one of the wines on tap while I waited, which was the blush. It was a little sweet for my taste, but it was the discounted HH wine so meh. I liked that it was served in a really tall shot glass kind of thing instead of a wine glass. While I waited, I checked out all the decor. Loved the painting in the back by the bathrooms with all the cats in it.
When my friend arrived she also got the wine and we ordered from the happy hour menu; I ordered one of each slider (meatball and a mozzarella) and the fried mozzarella, she ordered a meatball slider and the fried polenta or whatever they were. I was a little disappointed that there wasn't any kind of happy hour pizza, but it is what it is. The meatball slider and fried mozzarella were on point! Both had a great sauce, which makes me think the pizza here is probably dope. I could do without the mozzarella slider in the future - just seemed a little bland to me like it could have used some eggplant or something to help make it worth the bun instead of just being a mozzarella sandwich which isn't too appetizing.
All in all, a solid happy hour experience. I would definitely come back for another happy hour or dinner here.Prices for the food are quite high for what you get.
Taste is good, but if you are familiar to real Italien food you will taste it.
It's nice inside but really loud and you can hardly hear what the other person is saying.
Drinks are pricey too and the rosé house wine hasn't a good taste.
Location is great, but I'd say overpricedSo many good things to say about this restaurant. We went in with 4 kids aged 5-7 and they inhaled the food. They said the chef belongs on master chef! The pasta pomodoro was heaven, the pizza and salad delish as well. Great friendly staff. Will definitely recommend and go back again! The only negatives I would mention that for the portion sizes it's pricey and the pasta portion especially - you have to order the double to get an average portion.I've been here twice now for happy hour and I will definitely be back. I love the vibe, the overall space, and the happy hour menu is a great deal. I don't know what was here before, but they really transformed it into a gem of a place. The main bar area feels airy and open due to the high ceilings even though it's not, while the room next door does actually open up to the street, which will be great when spring/summer weather actually is here to stay! 
For happy hour drinks, all their cocktails are 6 bucks which is a great deal. I have tried a number of them and I always ask for them without simple syrup, to avoid the unnecessary sweetness that a lot of them have. Some of my favorites include Silver Girl, Frabasile, and Rosy Cheeks. I didn't love the ginger grant and I really disliked the lemon head. 
In terms of food, they have happy hour food specials and also the regular menu. The fried mozz is amazing and we kept re-ordering it. It only comes with 2 pieces but it's so much better than the normal freezer mozzarella stick you are used to. I've also tried the fried lasagna (just ok), the house made ricotta (very good, but better at Zavino), meatball slider (very good), arugula pizza (good), roasted cauliflower (good), and fried polenta (good). 
I don't know that I would rush here for dinner, just because I'm partial to some other pizza places in the area, but it's definitely a great place to happy hour.We stayed in an apartment across the street for a long weekend in Philly and went to Porta 3 different times. The pizza is so freaking good, the fresh mozzarella was great, loved the vibe. My husband loved the Fountain of Youth cocktail. I'm going to be dreaming about their pizza for a long time!I've been to Porta a few times now for happy hour and brunch, and I always complain about the service stating that it's pretty slow but food is okay and if you're going with a big group, the physical space is great. My friends and I went for brunch on March 3rd, had a great server and the DJ was amazing. Saturday, March 9th, completely different experience. 
We were asked to move for a party that never showed. While the manager gave us mimosas for this, he did not check in throughout the afternoon. 
The bartender was awful. Clearly new? I think? But she didn't know the items on the menu because she "never worked brunch" so should've been prepped. My fiancé ordered chicken and waffles and while the presentation was pretty, when I asked for a piece of his chicken, it was rubbery and he couldn't slice through it and there was a pink/purple-ish fluid flowing from it. The chef came out to explain that it was the kind of bird the used? Never heard this before, but my fiancé sent it back and didn't eat. 
My friend ordered pasta without pancetta and instead of telling her the pasta couldn't be made without pancetta, the server just didn't put the order in. 
Sucks to have a bad experience when you're hungry.For a place that brags that their pizza ovens were hand-made in Italy and that they hand-make their meatballs and mozzarella cheese daily, I expected the meatball pizza to be better. What better way to combine all three things Porta claims to make them a standout from any other restaurant in Philly, right? It should be out of this world given that it's on their website and highlighted on their in-house menus. 
But it was really just sort of meh. Not bad by any means, but nothing really to write home about. There wasn't much of this famed cheese on the pizza, even for a neopolitan-style pizza. The "meatballs" that were on the pizza were slab-like in shape, as if someone made a meatball and then flattened it as much as they possibly could. Which would be a really nit-picky gripe if the taste of the meatball made up for it's unexpected shape. But it was only ok. Kind of dry, actually. 
In short, eating this pizza made me think of all the other places in the city I could get better pizza for a better price.  
Maybe that's why our appetizers and food came out at the same time, to distract from the meh-ness of the pizza we were about to eat. Or maybe that's why it was so dark in there as well. Or maybe that was why my party, which was a grand total of two, was seated at a longbench style table and then had a party of 4 sat directly next to us, as if we had been assigned 4 new best friends. 
I'm not going to say to avoid this place, because it's no where near that bad, but I'm also not going to suggest it to anyone either.If I could put 0 stars I would.
I wanted to eat here with 14 ladies for a Bachelorette night dinner. I called a week ahead of time to let them know the date, time, and how many people. They said they could not make a reservation that far ahead. That I should call back three days before. I moved onto other restaurants.
Then THEY called me back to say they would be happy to seat us. So we agreed on a date and time.
Then the NIGHT BEFORE the event I get a call from Porta saying they can no longer seat the 14 of us and that we could see if the 14 of us could find seats together at the bar. 
You lost the money of 14 costumers and a live long Philadelphian. 
I will not be giving them any of my money. I wish I could give 0 stars. How disrespectful and rude.College kids vomiting in the corner. Underage thots all over the place. Sweaty, uncomfortable dance floor. No thanksI look for the good in vegan/vegetarian options in Philly but Porto is not one of them. The food is mediocre and the atmosphere is loud and echoing. I will not return.There are a lot of better pizza places. 
For our meal my wife selected ACORN SQUASH & 
WINTER BETTY. $10 for the squash and $17 for the pizza. Squash was worth it and the pizza was not. 
I really liked how thin the pizza was. However there was supposed to be a creamy goat cheese which I did not taste. The pizza also was not the least bit bit filling for $17.  There wasn't much on it. 
No complaints about the squash. 
No real cohesion in the look of the place. 
We also got desert which was pretty good. 
Overall I don't regret trying it but I don't plan on going again. In the world of specialty pizza there is a lot of better places to choose from.
EDIT: After writiNg my review I read some others. Looks like this place is notorious for being light on the toppings. I thought maybe my pizza was just a mistake.Good vibes at this place - I loved the on street seating and the interior of the restaurant was decorated so nicely, with unique touches like a wall of different style doors. The service was fine, as was the pizza. Actually, the pizza was pretty good - I just wish that I had known our pizza did not include marinara sauce. We ordered the House Party pizza (basically a ton of cheese) and were both surprised when it did not have sauce on it. I think the sauce would have been helpful in balancing out the amount of cheese that was on the pizza. I'm sure you could order it this way if you would prefer that, but I just wish there had been more clarity. Overall, though, the pizza was still very good - definitely a very filling pie with a lot going on. It had a good, decently thin crust too, which is a necessity. Without a doubt this is a great option so I'd give it a try!We shared three pizzas--the carbonara, meatball, and snawzeech. After an order of the house-made ricotta. Each was excellent, the carbonara pizza particularly being addictively savory and salty.