I have to give this restaurant 3 stars unfortunately even though I reall appreciated the ambiance and customer service. 
Atmosphere: Great location, clean facilities and cute decor. Wasn't too loud as well so it was quite enjoyable. 
Customer service: A+! Waiters were attentive and were helpful in giving suggestions for what to eat and specials. 
Food: The dishes were underwhelming. I had a pasta and crab cake appetizer and my friend had the salmon and the food is quite salty and dry. Drinks were good though!
3 stars and would not recommend for a meal but would recommend for drinks!I went here for drinks, not dinner, so I can't comment on the food.  The atmosphere was pretty laid back though, and the peach wine was decently good.  It seems like a good place to grab a drink with a group,Waited 15 minutes for server to greet the table, 40 minutes for a Diet Coke and 70 minutes for food.  No apology whatsoever.Amazing food, incredibly decorated restaurant! We came for brunch, and they have bottomless mimosas and a DJ playing a really good mix of music. Franco was our waiter, and he's awesome! Very hospitable. I will definitely be back! I hear in the warmer months they open up all the windows for a nice breeze and added ambience!I came here for the first time for a friends bridal shower. We sat outside on a hot day, but we had a good breeze coming along our way so we were good. Our waiter was very friendly and came to check on us pretty often. I got their Bloody Mary and it was extremely alcoholic for me to finish (I guess it's a good thing that they're not cheap with their alcohol). I also got their mushroom risotto and it was absolutely delicious. My friend got their chicken parm, and it was HUGEEE and delicious. I would come back here again.Service was lackluster, food was fresh and prompt, the $12 mixed drinks from the bar were horrible - overall will not returnWonderful food. Refreshing tastes on the menu. When you are sick of the same old. Want a touch of daring to go with some simple tapas. We enjoyed the food and the beautiful decor. Our service was also very good. I have never been a fan of close, two tops together. So intimacy is not achieved for guests on a busy night indoors. But the outside seating for the summer looks nice. 
It is located on the cobblestone in Old City with a pretty view when outside.I went to Positano Coast for the first time last night for a friend's birthday dinner.  It was very busy, but since our group of six had a reservation, we were seated promptly.  The restaurant was larger than I thought and extremely loud.  I felt like I had to shout to be heard by the people at my own table.
I didn't have an appetizer, but others in my party did and enjoyed them.  I ordered the seafood risotto.  My meal came out several minutes after the others.  This was the best part of my experience - provided of course, that it was done purposely.  I know that sounds counter intuitive, but it really isn't.  Risotto can't wait.  It must be served immediately.  The fact that my meal was delivered last means that the kitchen staff timed the meals so that my risotto wouldn't have to wait.  I was very impressed by that. Again, provided that it was done purposely.  The risotto had a very nice flavor and the seafood wasn't overcooked.  To my taste, the rice didn't have a chance to cook long enough (or the risotto wasn't stirred long enough) to allow the starch to thicken the broth.  This made it quite good, but not exceptional.
For dessert, I had the vanilla creme brulee.  It was good, but, again, not exceptional.
I found the portions for both the risotto and creme brulee undersized which also made them less than exceptional.
If I was with a group who really wanted to eat there, I would go back.  However, I wouldn't see out Positano Coast.Just went for apps, that were great! The deck seating is great too. My only concern is that we went at sunset, and the sun was BLINDING on the deck. maybe some elegant white translucent curtains over parts of the deck would be nice. otherwise, the food and service was great. we only had 30-ish minutes and the waiters were prompt and put our orders ahead so we wouldn't miss our movie (aww, what sweethearts!!). we ordered a fresh stuffed mozzarella cheese dish and it was to die for. I've never had cheese that was so delicate, but flavorful. Also, the beet and arugula salad was deliciously dressed. I'd recommend this place to anyone with a love of real Italian foods.Came here with friends for appetizers and drinks.  We ordered the mushroom arancini, Peruvian scallops, meat and cheese plate, and burrata cheese.  Every single dish was amazingly delicious.  The low sofas and tables lended a nice atmosphere and our waiter (Nick) was awesome.  Highly recommend!Had a great dinner with friends last night at this excellent restaurant. It's hard for me to select a favorite restaurant in Philadelphia because there is so many good ones.  But I have to say that for consistency in good dining at a reasonable price Positano Coast is a top favorite of mine. The four of us ordered five appetizers all of which were excellently done. My friends hadn't been at this restaurant for a while and were pleasantly surprised. Two entrées plus additional small plates filled out the eating plan for the evening. The wine was good, service was outstanding and unobtrusive.  The weather was good enough to sit out on their deck and we were able to enjoy a lovely evening without being rushed.  The restaurant has a strong menu.  A few years ago I visited Positano Italy for a week. The food last night together with the ambiance made me feel like going back soon.It may sound weird... but the restaurant is a very relaxing place the eat.  With so many places trying to be chic, I felt like the simplicity of the decor (white, blue, pics of the ocean) was perfect.  As for the food, it was tasty, well-seasoned, smaller portions (but enough), yet pricey. At the end of the night I was very satisfied and will definitely go back.The atmosphere is so relaxing. Definitely ask to be seated in the lounge it's very intimate and nice for good drinks and conversation with dear friends! In warm weather they open all of the windows and it feels like you are sitting on the patio of a nice villa. The lighting is low, curtains and beautiful fabrics adorn the windows, and the couches are comfortable and inviting. There are huge illuminated photographs of Mediterranean scenes - which look more like Santorini or Mykonos than anywhere I've seen on the Amalfi... Which is a bit confusing, but if you suspend reality for a bit and just accept the decor it becomes a magical place! 
The menu is pretty good - however, bear in mind that this is a "small plate" / Italian inspired tapas restaurant. The crudo changes daily and is always fresh. The bison carpaccio is beautiful and tender. The grilled tiger prawns are out of this world. And the grilled octopus is outstanding! The wine menu is pretty good and if you get the right server he / she will let you sample as many wines as you want! Go with good friends and get caught up over wine, small plates, and great seafood!I don't know what happened to this place but you can hardly call yourself an "Italian" restaurant when you have no pasta on the menu.  I have been here once before but it's been a while now & I remember loving the cannelloni & Caesar salad I had.  I went back today on a Sunday to get the same thing...boy was I disappointed.  They have a DJ playing club music during the day entirely too loud.  Tons of loud 20 something's drinking and screaming in the dining room at other tables.  A "brunch" menu with regular brunch type items you would get at any restaurant & ZERO Italian food.  I ended up ordering off the "restaurant week" menu as that was the only place that had all of 1 pasta dish which wasn't very good...won't be back.Drinks here are always good.  Just had the steak which was requested med rare.  It was so chewy and full of tendons that I could only have a few bites.  Usually this place is great but the others at my table had the same issue.  On the plus side they make a great old fashioned at the bar.Top notch service, food and atmosphere!
The Lamberti family have gone out of their way to create one of Philly's best dining experiences.
Great place for a first date, anniversary or just a night out.
Try the Osso Bucco.Had not been to this restaurant in at least 20 years, back when it was Lamberti's.  Apparently same owners now.
We had a very early dinner at 5:30.  Our server was quite attentive until it got busier.  He carefully checked on GF ingredients for me and even stopped me from tasting a friend's chicken, telling me it had breading, which was so light I couldn't see it.
I had the beet salad with gorgonzola [needs to have more cheese mixed throughout.  What there was was at the bottom and gummy] and the octopus, which was excellent.  Perfectly cooked and minimally chewy.  They offer wine by the glass in 5 or 9 oz. sizes.
On leaving, with the restaurant full, I noticed that the bar area is VERY noisy.
I would definitely come again.I went for drinks and an early Saturday dinner.  Two of us were seated quickly, the wine helpings were generous and reasonably priced, and the service was friendly. 
The variety and quality of all of the food choices was amazing.  We had soup, potato croquettes, a cheese plate, and some sort of yummy meat ball.  There is something to satisfy every palate!I recently held an event at Positano Coast and everything was fabulous. Everyone who I worked with leading up to the day was beyond helpful and addressed all of my questions and concerns. The day of went seamlessly and everything the restaurant had promised was just as they had said. Everyone had a fabulous time and I was able to sit back and relax and enjoy the special day. Special thanks to Carolina and Rositta for all of their help and attention.Do not go here. We just left this place; the service was awful and the waiter was incredibly rude. We waited 20 minutes for a cappuccino, then the waiter told us he forgot about it. We asked for separate checks to makes things easier; the waiter completely disregarded the request, then told us that there was a limit on the number of credit cards we could use to pay for the single check he gave us. After we had paid the check, he immediately told us we had to get up because they needed the table for an incoming party. The food is also incredibly mediocre. I could go anywhere else in the city and get the same level of food and enjoy better service.Ventured here for a young friend's 21st birthday. I've passed this place numerous times, and it was on my list of places to try. 
The decor itself was stunning, you really felt as if you were outside of the United States. We sat in the lounge area the entire time, right near the bar. All of the food we were going to eat was pre-picked, and waiters brought out numerous sampler dishes throughout the night. Some of the samplers were: crispy focaccia (roasted zuchinni, ricotta, mozzarella, truffle oil),  warm bread and oil, fish tacos, meatballs, gnocchi in a Gorgonzola sauce, salad, etc. 
Everything was delicious. The focaccia was my favorite (truffle oil!!). 
Along with the food, I ordered two bottles of their 2008 Antinori 'Santa Cristina' Sangiovese wine. Split the two bottles between myself and two others. It was a delicious enough wine to order twice. 
While there, I heard they have great lemon drop martinis and shots, so in celebration of a 21st, myself and a few others enjoyed a lemon drop shot. I don't take shots often, but this was delicious, especially the fresh lemon covered in sugar.
I can't wait to recommend to others, and return another time.I want to fly across the country just to have the sea urchin pasta again.  Fresh crab, squid ink pasta, and that uni broth.  Mmmmmmm.
A group of us sat down to dinner.  This restaurant fills up quickly, and it stays busy until closing time.  There appears to be an area that can be secluded for private dining also.  
All of their specialty cocktails sounded great, but I stuck with a glass of Prosecco.  I ordered the bison carpaccio to start and the sea urchin pasta.  I'll admit it, I have an uni obsession.
The lights were dimmed and someone came around to light the candles on the table.  When our server brought my carpaccio, I was really excited.  The carpaccio was beautifully wrapped around some red onion, but there wasn't really enough sauce on the plate.  The dish was a little bland.
The sea urchin pasta, on the other hand, was so flavorful and was the perfect portion size.  I finished the bowl, but I wasn't crazy full and the meal wasn't super heavy.  I hope I make it back to Philly sometime soon.
See pictures.I'd always seen this place from across the street whenever I would dine at Zahav, but it wasn't until we decided to host a friend's birthday dinner here that I finally got to try it! And I was not disappointed. First off, the place is huge! Perfect for large parties and gatherings. There were about 15 of us at the table, and the waitress was more than willing to help us split the orders and bill in half to make it easier/expedite the process. We shared the oysters, fregola salad, calamari and mussels to start, and I ordered the zucchini crabcake for myself. It was humongous and easily the best crabcake I have ever had. HIGHLY suggest it! Unfortunately I wasn't able to stay too late, but I hear the dancing at night gets wild too :)Slightly older crowd. I only hung out at the bar, where there wasn't a whole lot of places to sit. The outdoor space was not finished, but I imagine in the summer if will be awesome with lots of tables and maybe an outdoor bar. Drinks are a bit pricey, and the crowd is older-professional.3-Food, 3-Ambiance/Cocktails, 4-Service. 
Let's start with the positive. On a friend's recommendation, I came with a mixed group of friends and business associates. Our waiter was polite, attentive and amiable. He checked on us frequently, offered water and drinks on the regular. 
At my server's suggestion, I ordered the "Sea Urchin Pasta" ($21). I was intrigued by the black ink fettuccine pasta with crab meat. It was flavorful but I could have done without the large pieces of sliced garlic. 
Perhaps, I've been spoiled by my Italian exBF cooking skills and was appalled by their attempt to pass "mozzarella breading" as stuffed fried calamari ($12). The menu said they were stuffed with spinach and some type of sauce. The calamari was rather anemic in size and mostly breading. I was too tired and hungry to make a complaint. I also ordered a Caesar Salad ($9) with decent portion of chicken and nice, crisp green lettuce. 
Now, the redeeming quality of the restaurant is its unique decor. The fact it's in a second story provides an escape from the hustle and crowd in Old City. If I were to go back, I'd return with someone I was romantically involved with. It'd be nice to sit on white comfy couch and have a full on make-out session as other patrons (unimpressed with their calamari) stare at us with envy. In their defense, it was 11 pm and we were the only diners in the place. The other two couples were drinking and on the verge of baby-making. 
Bottom line: I'd return for cocktails. It is a good place to bring friends and catchup over a glass of wine.This is a grate place, you have to sit in the back and open the windows in the spring. I love this place for the great atmosphere and good food.  I would put it on the higher end of the price scale but its worth it.I was super impressed by this place. I am not even a fan of Italian food. I like this place because everything tastes fresh and is really really tasty. I can't wait to go backI'm giving it three stars for food (fine but unmemorable, and skip the crepes for sure).  It's at least four for drinks -- don't be fooled by the unfortunate choice of font for the sign, it's very fabulous and very Mediterranean once you get upstairs.  Nice outdoor seating in Philly without having to watch, inches from the curb, as drivers pick their nose while they speed by!  Don't underestimate it.Came here with the GF for restaurant week. Beautiful space on the 2nd floor - during the summer months it must be gorgeous with the open air. Very Grecian vibe.
The hostess was a bit off-putting but not necessarily unfriendly. Just aloof. Brought us to a table that was in the midst of 3 other packed tables when the entire restaurant seemed open at the time we were being seated. Eventually the manager came over when she saw that we were unnecessarily crammed and got us a nice 4 top table with a bit more room to breath. Very much appreciated - 5 stars for noticing that.
Unfortunately perhaps it was due to RW - but the meal was a bit lackluster. 
I'm keeping the 3 stars rather than going lower due to the availability of Kumamoto oysters - nyom nyom - so deliciously plump. Had to grab 4 of those for myself (the GF doesn't like to partake in things with questionable texture). 
Fritto misto consisted of zucchini fritters, potato croquettes, and calamari with accompanying marinara. It was decently and crisply fried - unfortunately it was not well-seasoned if at all. So ... it tasted bland. The GF was in love with the potato croquettes which had a touch of sourness in the middle (possibly potatoes mixed with sour cream before fried). 
The GF had the ceasar salad ... which was exactly that - a ceasar salad. Came with hard crostini. Nothing special. I had the tuna tartare ... came with a few (3) tortilla chips which weren't great. Slices of avocado were on the side and not amidst the tuna .. the tuna was chopped finely and was decent. Not well seasoned (keep in mind I am absolute not a salt fiend).
For our mains, the GF had the mushroom risotto - it was well cooked - very cheesy and good. I had the uni squid ink pasta. The PROs of the pasta - it was cooked al dente - had good lumps of crab meat. CONs? The uni was off-putting ... was dark and had a rubbery texture - made me think it was canned or something. The texture of cold, congealed cheese? Not the delicious buttery uni I have at sushi joints for sure. It was certainly a plentiful dish however. 
Dessert ended with the same offering for both of us - small square of decent tiramisu and a cute, petite creme brulee that was way too egg-y. 
For drinks, we tried the Sanchez and some other drink that won the Flower Show 2012 award (had a strawberry puree). Both drinks had a pepper rim. I also tried the Rum Diary, which had some coconut, but was more of a fruity drink than a creamy one which is what I was expecting. All three were quite strong - so good on them.
Not enough to make us ecstatic about dinner however. 
We may be back to try the regular menu but wasn't too impressed with this night.I went for my birthday with my family. The food was delicious. The portions were a little small as expected. The service however was fantastic. We went on a Monday night and it wasn't crowded at all. The environment is also nice and it is conveniently located next to the ritz movie theater.I go to this place for one reason!  Lemon Drop Martini!  Hello there my friend I've missed you so much.  I swear there is a drug in them cus I'm always feeling mighty frisky when I leave.  Maybe its the hot servers?  Seriously.  They are all male, tall, dark and handsome.  
The ambiance is very nice.  I love the color blue! 
Food is okay but I have only tried apps from Happy Hour menu so can't really be too judgmental.  
Again Lemon Drop Martini!!We had a GREAT time. Our server Nick was the best and every single thing we ordered was amazing. We had the burrito salad, the branzino fillet, the whole fish striped bass and the spicy calamari. Wow! I was blown away. Totally worth it.You can't beat sitting on the second floor with an open view of the gobble stone streets.  On a nice day or night have a seat outdoors while sipping a glass of red wine.
What I love to drink here is the lemon drop martini.  Wonderful amount of alcohol and lemon.  Reasonable priced cocktails, the gnocchi were delicious.Went here with friends this past weekend. The food was good, the service ok. For the price you would expect it to be slightly better. The atmosphere is beautiful though and perfect for a summer night - if you close your eyes it feels like you're somewhere in the Mediterranean. However, what was extremely disappointing was the fact that when you look the restaurant up on Yelp and look at the menu, the prices vary significantly from the actual prices on the menu at the restaurant. For instance, the seafood risotto is  $15 but we were charged $20 at the restaurant. Same with the Zucchini crab cake - $18 on yelp menu and we were charged $22. This definitely needs to be fixed as it is extremely misleading for customers.Started off with the sea scallops (2 large scallops with shaved Brussels sprouts and a delicious sauce). Then I had the special (Halibut with bok Choy) and also ordered a side of seafood risotto. Finished the meal with a vanilla bean creme brûlée and a decaf. Food was to die for and worth every penny!Nice dinner out on the deck. Note, inside is a bit loud, so ask to be seated out on the deck for a better dinner atmosphere.  The starters and appetizers taste great, but think ahead portion-wise if you are also going to order entrees -- we ate way too muchI came here for lunch one day and was blown away by the ambiance of the restaurant. I ordered a Caesar salad which was excellent and the Cappelini Positano which was Cappelini with Crab Meat. It was perfectly light and I didn't leave feeling like a blimp. 
My friend ordered the Fettuccine Alfredo which was better than any Fettuccine I had ever tasted. It was the most phenomenal dish ever and I cant wait to go back and have it again. The pasta was fresh and the sauce was heavenly. I am not one to EVER order Alfredo but I would definitely suggest it here. 
I highly recommend this restaurant.Ordered drinks from one bartender at the island bar multiple times. Later in the night asked a different bartender for water 5 times. Received no response each tIme the guy would say ok then go to a different person. Finally pointed to a cup and a bottle to do it myself. Horrible service.Love this place!  The food, drinks and ambiance are great.  I feel like I'm on vacation here!  It's off the beaten track of old city, so not quite as crazy as 2nd and Market/Chestnut.  The staff is very friendly, helpful and prompt.  I had the beat salad and salmon.  My client had another type of fish (sea bass maybe?  I forget) and the spinach salad.  All were excellent.  I've been here before and always been happy.  Prices aren't too bad either.Came here during happy hour, and found I was surrounded by groups of fancy women in their forties, one buff bartender, and then there was me, a teacher in her twenties sporting an elementary school's neon green t-shirt. Immediately I felt out of place as I watched these ladies flirt with the bartender. 
Ambiance is out of place as well. You can tell they are trying to go for a European or Mediterranean coastal feel, but it came out really tacky. I'm sure this place was classy or something years ago, but everything just felt outdated.
Their scallops are good, though slightly overpriced. We also ordered some random appetizers, but given the decor and and ambiance, we just quickly ate our food and left. I probably will not be returning anytime soon... maybe when I'm 40 and can fit in with the crowd.Went there to celebrate a birthday and I would say it was quite a 'Happy' Birthday :) Hadn't planned on going there, just stumbled upon the place, and have no regrets. 
We had spicy crispy calamari with goat cheese,- amazing, perfectly cooked and crispy. There are several ways you could go wrong with Calamari and this was done perfectly.
Got Seafood rissoto and sea-urchin pasta and it was also amazing. Got the sea-urchin pasta coz had never had sea urchin before, and it was a pretty good experience.
Overall , as the stars make it obvious, Amazing.I used to come here every month. It's a place I love but always forget about since its farther from the other restaurants Im in love with. The quality is amazing and it leaves you wondering why the food pairings haven't been realized somewhere else. 
This review is for my restaurant week experience, however. I haven't been here in a while and saw that they were listed on restaurant week! Yay! I was so excited, I was going to order three (one for my boyfriend and myself and one to share and take home if we didn't finish)...thank goodness we didn't. The quality for restaurant week was disgusting. I was so turned off by the server and the service that I just wanted to leave.
When I came in on time for my reservation, I asked to sit in the lounge area. At this time, I saw a guy stop my server and whisper something not to nice to her. Fun enough, he was our server...who seemed pissed we were seated so late. He rushed us for a drink order, though i had questions. I  was asking my boyfriend if I should get the "sanchez" and the server butted in and said, "the sanchez? Ok! And for you sir?" ....blah. whatever, how can alcohol go wrong, right? Well, it did. I didn't like it at all. The server never checked on it and I left it alone on the side of the table. I later order a wine and still didn't touch my drink after the initial sip and I was trying to make it obvious that the drink was a no-go...but the server still didn't seem to care that I didn't like my drink. Our first course was served but I didn't really care for the cold, fried food. But my boyfriend enjoyed cold calamari....until the server cleared it before it was done. I order my favorite dish, the Sea Urchin Pasta....and I regretted it. It wasn't as good as before. My boyfriend's branzino was lacking flavor also. Disappointing!!! Creme Brulee was good. Tiramisu could be better...
I won't give this place a bad score because it was generally amazing for me, but the service really hurt my experience during restaurant week. I'll be back when restaurant week is over. Just as I said for my Fogo review, maybe it was just restaurant week!Hey Positano. Scootch up close...
...closer...
...closer... 
*Smack*
Don't make me salt my pasta. 
I hate to get all aggressive, but salt; it is a necessity in Mediterranean cuisine. Don't try to give me Mediterranean-Italian-Seafoody food without putting salt in your dang dish. 
One of my dining compadres had to salt his french fries.
And we had to get up and flag down our waiter to get a salt shaker. 
Co-worker's chicken salad had dry and chewy chicken. 
My Positano pasta (crab meat with tomatoes, pasta, olive oil and --apparently-- no salt) was bland to the point of giving me no inspiration to eat it until I added salt (I'm going to keep going on about that, aren't I?). After that, the crab meat was tasty but the pasta was still slightly overcooked (past the point of al dente). 
The server was nice, but service/attention was slow and minimal. I had to ask for a warm-up on my coffee (no biggie and not knocking off any stars, but it's a mark of service).I bring customers here on a regular basis when I'm in Philly.  It could only be better if it were BYO.  Not cheap, but not overpriced.  Best restaurant in the neighborhood.Decent upscale Mediterranean bar food at a great location in Old City across the Ritz Five. Perfect for a pre- or post-movie drinks. I don't think of it as a standalone restaurant.On Sunday, I went to positano for my bday. It has now been the third time coming here. The food and service go hand in hand phenomenal. I went with a group of five. We ordered the tacos,sea urchent pasta the risotto, the grilled artichokes, octopus and the oysters. We all shared so we can try a little variety. I would recommend all of those dishes that we tried. My friend said the house sauce for the oysters was great, I like my oysters straight up with out anything. To each their own.
The service was on point. I ended up leaving something behind and the restaurant held it for me. My bday cake was the drunken tiramisu. I'm hoping to go back again for my 30th bday next year. The manager was very helpful in retrieving my list item, and our waiter was attentive. Great place for authentic seafood and Italian style dishes. Definitely a place to dress somewhat fancy.Outstanding service for a huge group of us. The most attentive, helpful staff I have ever seen. Seriously delightful experience. My food was yummy and the presentation of all the meals was beautiful. Excellent experience.This place is generally pretty good. Very nice atmosphere, friendly staff, good food. I was a little disappointed with my "farro" salad, though....it definitely was not farro; it was barley, and it was missing the cherries. They were also out of various wines and liquors on a Friday afternoon...not good. The food was a little pricey for what we got, but this is a pretty decent spot that I'll return to. It's really nice in the summer and at night.This place always confuses me when I come here on a Friday or Saturday night- is it a bar? a club?  a restaurant/lounge? They have a mix of all these elements, as there is a bar, a DJ spinning in the background (and a few folks on the dance floor) and and a back area with tables for eating.
I guess I am used to places that know what they are-bar/restaurant or just a club. A mix of all 3 is overwhelming.Went here for my friend's 40th birthday. Dinner and service were good. We had a large party and it was a busy night but the wait staff did a very good job. My main and only complaint was the bar where the "dance floor" is. We stayed to dance and have a couple drinks after dinner and several people of our party needed to return their drinks throughout the night. There was no alcohol what so ever in them! It was pretty annoying that we are paying top dollar (3 shots w/ tip - roughly $50) and have it taste like straight orange juice. I would expect an establishment like this to not "skimp" out on key ingredients. Multiple times!After leaving South St and walking towards Market St we saw this place by accident. Since we weren't ready to call it a night yet and the music sounded pretty good we went up the stairs to check it out. I loved that there was no cover or a hassle to get in. The DJ was great and played all types of music but mainly Latin which worked for me.
The bartenders were pretty busy and not very friendly but hey they made good drinks so what else can I ask for.
I'm so happy we stumble on this place by accident since we had an amazing time.Great artisan drinks. Nice happy hour specials. Amazing entrees. Did I mention you feel like you're on the coast in Italy while dining here? The atmosphere is very fitting. Perfect spot for a special occasion or a place for happy hour during the week!I recently came to this restaurant with my family , actually on the Fourth of July.. Food was very good and fresh! Everyone in my group loved the food! The bread was fresh The pasta was cooked right , and the sauces and everything in them complimented them well. The bolognese tasted like my Italian nonna's sauce. My brother and I both got the large grilled mixed seafood. Again, everything was cooked to perfection and beyond fresh. Some appetizers we shared were the grilled octopus, burrata , and a few crab claws. They couldn't have gotten much better.  My fathers veal wrapped in prosciutto was also great. The only reason this place isn't getting 5 stars is because of the service, which was a little slow. It looked like there was one waitress working and maybe the manager , who was helping serve tables and wait on people. The waitress was very nice and accommodating to us , but again just slow. Not her fault though because she was basically waiting the whole restaurant.. To finish the meal off , we got the creme brûlée and the chocolate mousse cake. It was the perfect dessert to end the great meal. Everyone left satisfied and in agreement that we would come back. Thanks for the overall exceptional experience.This place NEEDS SOMETHING- like maybe a change in management?  The place is gorgeous.  I'm the perpetual optimist and keep coming back because the place looks so good...and I SO enjoy a great atmosphere...but that's kind of like going to an art gallery for dinner.  I've finally learned not to go there anymore after a recent big family dinner (I picked the place...HOPING it would be good THIS TIME...)  The place is always impressive in terms of decor, but nothing else goes along with it (except for the prices).  I have had better service (seriously) at the Midtown Diner.  The food is overpriced for the tiny portions, and the menu is just weird.  Everything is all over the place on the menu.  I will tell you if you still want to go, that you can get by inexpensively by ordering the sides (Risotto for $8 that really was good).  I really want to go back because I like being there, but I don't enjoy eating there.  :-(Top to bottom glass windows, a calming cerrulean blue everywhere accented by a summery white exterior, and lemons that float ontop glass vases with crystal clear water. In the beginning, I almost stuffed myself on soft yet chewy bread with an olive oil garnered with jasmine. 
Positano is where I found myself on a heavenly double date. They offer crudo: basically an Italian type sushi and the black bass was smokey, smooth, and maaarvelous. I cannot rave enough about the lobster (which wasn't hard to pry out of it's shell - no tacky plastic bibs or awkward cruncher plier type deals here)! It was paired with a truffle sauce. While I inhaled my meal in like 10 minutes, I also gulped this pesca fresca (peach vodka and basil leaf drink on ice) that defined the essence of refreshing.
Then for the finale was a light, sweet vanilla cherry gelato. The restaurant loses one star because the cherries were dried out and gross, along with its small portions and big prices (50 dollars: poof!!!). But otherwise the restaurant and bar was an extraordinary pick.What a gorgeous restaurant & what a perfect place for summer dining & wining.  While I may never have been to the Almafi Coast, the vibe & decor of Positano Coast certainly resurrected those happy memories & feelings I had from my time in the Balearic Islands of the Mediterranean.
We were here for dinner, not drinks but I really cannot wait to return & sip the evening away in the Sopra Lounge, decorated with comfy couches & billowing white curtains.  
When ordering food here, keep in mind the portions are smallish.  Not quite tapas small, but if you're dining with even a small handful of people I'd certainly recommend getting a couple extra main dishes than there are people at the table.
All in all my dinner was delicious.  I started with a simple salad which was topped with a very tangy and tasty dressing, which set it out in my memory.  I went on with crisp parmesan veal.  The veal may not have been the best I've ever had but it was far from bad.  However, it was served perfectly crispy with some very delicious marinara sauce & filled with gooey parmesan & mozzarella.  I sided my meal with the house baked potato puree which was very good.  It was perfectly seasoned & had just the right amount of garlic taste to it.
I was starting to feel a little full at this point, but not full enough to turn down dessert.  I ordered a rice pudding which was served as fried balls covered with brown sugar & garnished with some fruit.  So good, but very rich & filling, even between two people we were just barely able to finish it all!
Service here was good, northing to complain or rave about.
As much as I can't wait to return simply for drinks in the Sopra Lounge, I'd definitely return for dinner as well.
If you're looking for an exotic but relaxed vibe to either drink or dine, I think Positano Coast is one of your best options in Philadelphia.Had dinner here with 20 family members recently.  We were in off the main dining area which made for a private event.  The bread and olive oil and Mediterranean style ordourves were a tasty prelude to dinner.  Everyone enjoyed their various chicken, salmon and steak meals which were hot when served.  The wait staff were attentive and cheerful throughout the evening.Walked in without a reservation. They were able to seat us in a few minutes [1 star]
The decor was very "different". They had male and female white clothing hung up on the wall. Honestly, it gave me a sort of eerie vibe! The walls were painted with blue and white giving it a a cheery tone. So the entire restaurant gave out a combo of creepy and bright!
The dinner menu was pretty short and concise. It was difficult to even understand the types of pasta. Since the menu was not very interesting, nothing appetized us but we just ordered random dishes hoping it would turn out good! The waitress took forever to take our order. It looked like they were understaffed as the same person was waiting a very large party of people besides the other tables. 
The complimentary bread arrived a while after we were seated. It was so hard to chew.
The food arrived almost an hour and 15 min late. We had to ask what was taking so long. The waitress herself did not know what was the hold up. It was all disconnected. The SPICY CALAMARI arrived in a bed of arugula and goat cheese. It got soggy within minutes. Ended up leaving majority of the dish. The "spiciness" was just a bunch of jalapenos in the bottom which was probably contributing to the immediate sogginess. Meh.
Pasta dishes: TAGLIATELLE and OREICCIHETTE were a large enough quantity. We had requested the Tagliatelle to be made with alfredo sauce. It arrived in a very watered down sauce- almost like a soupy consistency. The Oreicchiette had broccoli rabe and ground fennel sausage. It was fairly good! [1 star]
Overall, we left still hungry. Definitely will not return especially in the busy evenings. Maybe brunch would be better. Poor service. Unsatisfied total experience.I have eaten lunch here three times, twice last year and once this December. They have excellent food and I have not been disappointed. We have had our holiday lunch for work there two years in a row. The service was definitely better the first time....there was no one at the bar the most recent time I went. The lounge area is very cozy and inviting, but I'd like to go back in the summer at night sometime to get the full experience.The steak here was amazing! The setting is very relaxing I love the candles and beachy vibe. Blue and white. Definately will come back.Went last Saturday night. Ordered several Appetizers and cocktails. Both were very good. Service was great. The bill was about $144 including tip which isn't bad for a few cocktails and great food for 2. My complaint is - don't valet your car with the company the restaurant hired directly in front of the entrance. I paid 22 plus a tip and when my car was returned to me I didn't see the huge scratch on the back of my car because I didn't know I needed to do a walk through before I drove away. It's a disgrace that the valet didn't tell me the damage that he caused to my vehicle. There's no way he didn't see or feel the damage occurring. When I called the restaurant first thing Sunday morning they told me they are not responsible and the valet company is- Royal Park Valet. The valet company is saying they are not responsible since I drove away without inspecting. I'm sorry but I'm not in the business of scamming valet services.Really good happy hour. Although the menu and website say different, apparently they are  open on Monday. The space is a little outdated and needs some updating or repair. Nice attentive staff and great food.High-quality, amazingly delicious food-it is heaven in your mouth. My husband and I have been eating here for years. It's our favorite restaurant in the city. We love the ambience and the service.Came here for dinner on a beautiful spring day. The windows were open and there was a nice breeze. It was during happy hour so some of the small dishes were half-off. Started off with the prosciutto wrapped melon and then got the gorgonzola gnocchi for my entree. Everything was spectacular and the service was quick and courteous. This would definitely be on my list of "impressive places to bring friends from out of town" which is a big compliment.It was my first time coming here.  We came for dinner to celebrate my friends birthday.  First impressions was that this place has a one of a kind decor and atmosphere.  Seated on the cobble stone sections of Olde City and Society Hill this place comes across as though your in the heart of an Italian city that overlooks the coast.  The colors and open air bar design is sure to be a hit for impressing anyone.
Everyone at my table order a different dish for dinner but unfortunately I can only write about my own.  I ordered the New York Steak Bolognese($19).  First I need to address that I have never been a fan of expensive small portioned plates and this steak was just that.  I was a little shocked because after observing what size of everyone's dish I noticed that mine, being one of the more expensive dishes, was the smallest.  Portion size set aside, the steak was cooked perfect, the bolognese sauce was very smooth and complemented the steak well.  It was hard to pace myself from my usually routine of devouring my food, but if it wasn't for my request for more bread I probably would of left this place hungry.  The next time around I will order something else for the sheer reason that quantity is better than quality for me.
The service was average.  Our waitress wasn't as attentive as most, but the guys who filled our water or cleared the dishes jumped right on any request we needed when the waiter wasn't around.
This place gets 3 stars for now because I have had slightly better when it comes to portion size and prices.  Yet, I am still a fan.Wonderful atmosphere followed by delicious food(some of the best rack of lamb i've ever had). The downside was the wait as they were very busy that Saturday night, however the staff was nice and tried to be as accomodating as possible. Will be returning.I really like this place. Their lemon signature drink is super yummy. I don't normally drink specailty cocktails. It is super pretty and open. When the weather is nice, I love going here. I have eaten aps a few times there. Tried different things. It was all good. Love the atmosphereOne of my favorite restaurants. Great, unique menu and absolutely beautiful place. Nice bar and lounge area if you just want drinks.Came across this place on a quick google search for bottomless mimosas for Saturday brunch to celebrate a friends birthday. I gave them a call on a Thursday to see if I could reserve a table for 6 for noon that Saturday. Who ever answered the phone was so helpful and energetic, and they even sent a confirmation email to confirm reservation time. We ended up arriving a half hour early before our reservation and they were completely accommodating in getting us a table and even we're able to set us up on the outside deck which was lovely. The atmosphere was awesome- felt like I was transferred to the beach! All in all before we even ordered I was impressed. The real kicker came when we were introduced to our waiter Nicky. He was phenomenal!!! So fun and helpful- answered all our questions, quick with orders and kept our bottomless mimosas filled for three hours straight. Took our group picture for us and brought our friend a birthday dessert on the house. Will 100% be back and would love to have Nicky again as our server. Awesome experience and food was delicious and reasonably priced.Came here on a Friday for HH, which starts 5:30 and goes till about 7:30.  You can order from the HH menu at the bar or in the back patio area.  Lemon drop martinis are $5 and are yummy sweet refreshing!  There's also a selection of HH items by the piece to munch on including oysters, lamb, potato croquettes and sausage sliders.  They were all delicious!  Also tried the spicy crabcake on the regular menu, which wasn't much spicy at all to me but was huge and had large chunks of crab meat and not much filler.  It sat on top a deconstructed clam chowder sauce of potatos, veggies and 2 large clams.  One of the, if not the best crab cake I've had.
I've tried several desserts here on a previous visit with several girlfriends.  All were quite good... my favs were the tiramisu and this fried rice pudding balls.  Mushroom and asparagus risotto is also very good.
Food is on the pricy side but I wouldn't mind coming back again to try some more dishes.We stopped here a year ago for a quick snack before a movie.  It was pretty good.  Yesterday my family and I came here for a small birthday lunch.  The food was mediocre, at best.  The waiter seemed confused and unsure of his duties.  We got beer in old-fashioned glasses, not beer glasses.  We will not be eating here again.  Much better restaurants in Philly than this one.The restaurant as others have noted is beautiful!!  the food at brunch on mother's day was over=priced and a mixed bag.  Some items like the artichoke salad were excellent but my husband's grilled octopus was flavorless and my FIL lamb chops were undercooked. I would probably not go back.Last night, we wandered down to Positano Coast for the first of Old City's Thursday night happy hour promotion. I've never been here and was very pleasantly suprised to find a very adult crowd (30s-40s), a wonderfully breezy open-air vibe, and great bar service. We enjoyed some of the $3 wine (nothing special, but OK) and suprisingly good cocktail special "The Bomber", which was a mix of vodka, apples, and St. Germain, at $4. Food standouts were the deep-fried poached egg with roasted asparagus and the zuchinni flatbread at $4 each. Couldn't help but thinking what a great date spot this would be.I'm a fan of the ambiance and the service, but the food was nothing extraordinary and disappointingly overpriced for the portions you receive.
We ordered a couple specials and appetizers, including the bison carpacio which was good. 
I had the cioppino as my entree. Honestly, I was disappointed---It was primarily a  dish of mussels, and a few teeny tiny baby clams, and lots of potato dumpling, ie. gnocchi. Not a trace of shrimp, squid, or other seafood variety. Looking back at the menu description, it includes only "seppia, clams, and mussels"---just know that you'll primarily get mussels, so opt for the mussel appetizer dish instead. 
My friends had the ahi tuna and the sea urchin pasta, which were apparently good. Portions are small. 
Desserts: the chocolate mousse cake is very good! and the risotto dessert was interesting---essentially fried rice pudding balls. 
I may give it another try, given the amazing ambiance. But that cioppino dish was highly disappointing.3 stars for food. Had the octopus starter, crab cake entree,  sea urchin pasta, and tirimisu. The star dishes were the crab cake and tirimisu. But all the food was a bit under seasoned for our taste. I wish there was enough sea urchin in my pasta dish. I only tasted it in the first couple of bites. The octopus needed some salt and pepper to bring out it's natural flavor. Presentation of the dishes were all nice. Portions were on the small side so I would never think to come here hungry or on a budget. Service was adequate bit not excellent.
5 stars for setting and atmosphere. Beautiful, Mediterranean themed venue. 
I would frequent it more often for an appetizer and cocktail if the prices were 75% less.I've rode past this restaurant on many occasions, and from the outside, it appeared to have a nice ambiance. I finally made the time to dine as it was restaurant week. The dishes were at a discounted rate, so what better time to try them out. So as expected, the decor was nice and everyone was personable and friendly. The meal overall was just mediocre. We got mussels and hummus as an appetizer. The hummus was great, but the mussels were underwhelming with flavor and to top it off, they came out cold. They sent us another batch and they tasted much better. For our entrees we had mahi and cioponni. It was okay, but again it wasn't great or infused with a lot of flavor. I'm glad I went for restaurant week and not just a regular night. Hope this is helpful for someone!Had lunch here. Thought pretty good variety of Italian seafoods and very tasty. Serving staff was attentive. Price high but par for areaHere for drinks a few weeks back. It was packed, but I love it. Or maybe that was the prosecco talking.I really like the setting and the decor - it's very welcoming.  The service is friendly and efficient.  The food is decent with many selections.  My table ordered several appetizers (the favorite being the foccacia).  The bread and olive oil was delicious.  My lunch was incredibly bland....beautiful, but no umph.  It was in need of some salt.  I don't like a  lot of salt in my dish, but I do like to taste my meal (a little dab will do ya).  Overall, a pleasant, solid 3-star experience.I have to say - my opinion has changed! After having a less than stellar experience during restaurant week (and yelping about it),I decided to give it a second chance. I had the NY strip steak this time and I have to say that the meat was delicious and cooked very well. The server that we had was very nice and incredibly friendly! Definitely try it out if youre in the area, it was a good call the second time around.Extremely expensive, but you definitely get what you paid for. We had a group of 10 come in for happy hour. The bar service was meh (they forgot about a few of our drinks), but to their defense it was crazy busy. They seated us surprisingly quickly on the outdoor balcony. For having such a large group, the service was a lot quicker than expected. They did forget one of our appetizers, which no one realized until after dinner, so that was our fault as much as it was theirs. But the food was EXCELLENT. I had the grilled octopus appetizer and for dinner the squid ink pasta with sea urchin and crab. I am a very adventurous eater so I was really happy with the more unusual items on the menu, but they do have more traditional fare as well. Overall, we had a great visit. I would definitely come back, but only for a special occasion, or maybe just for happy hour.My husband and I went here last night for our 5 year anniversary and we were not disappointed.  We sat in the lounge on a comfy sofa and enjoyed the beautiful atmosphere.  We were served by Fillipe, our awesome waiter and ate lovely small plates of seafood and salad.  The Yellow Fin Crudo ( an Italian Sashimi type fish) wrapped in avocado was delicious.  The other small plates were really good, though nothing knocked my socks off.   It was expensive, but we drank 2 bottles of wine in a 3 1/2 hour time span.  We were never rushed.  This place was so much fun, we will definitely go back.  Did I mention the music?  It was very cool, rhythmic and melodic.  We wanted to get up and dance.  Highly recommended romantic experience.Came to Positano Coast to celebrate our friends birthday. The atmosphere of the restaurant was enjoyable, and the food was pretty good. I wouldn't say that they had a huge selection, but there was at least 3-4 things that we all liked on the menu. 
The problem is that the people coming in and out off the street must not respect the dress code. We had a couple sit next to us that was so under dressed. I have no ask myself WHY WOULD THE HOSTESS even sit them. 
Well as my friend had her bag hanging on the back of her chair this couple pick pocketed her handbag and stole her wallet. We know that this had happen here because the wallet was put in her handbag right before dinner and we went from home to restaurant.
I kindly asked the manager to review the cameras of the night and get back to me. We havent heard anything. To say i think it is unprofessional is to say the least. Her card was charged 842.00 by whomever stole it! 
Won't be back, isn't good enough for the troublesWhat a wonderful Italian restaurant! We were seated quickly, waitress was efficient and knowledgeable about the dishes. I enjoyed the butternut squash soup, veggie ravioli with pine nuts and sun dried tomatoes. The soup was creamy and hot but could have used a little more salt and pepper. The ravioli was very tasty and i was able to get a smaller portion so i could enjoy dessert! The tiramisu was just average. The place was very busy and got quite noisy as we were finishing up. My husband had an incredible beet salad and a ground rib eye cannelloni which was very flavorful and a good sized portion. His chocolate mousse dessert was exceptional!! First night in Philly and we made a great choice!!Came here for date night with my beau on a Wednesday.  We had reservations, but we really didn't need them.  Since it was a beautiful night, we opted to sit out on the 2nd floor patio, which was the best decision we made the entire night.  It wasn't crowded when we arrived around 7, but close to 9 when we left, all of the patio tables were spoken for.
Their drink menu is extensive.  I love that you can order wine by the glass, quartino (about 2 glasses), or bottle, and there is a huge selection.  They also have tons of cocktails.  We opted for a quartino of the Greco white and the Tuscan blend red.  Both were delicious, but I preferred the red!
As for the food, it didn't blow me away.  By far, my favorite bite of the evening was the calamari, which is served with lemon, goat cheese, and cherry peppers.  It's not served with marinara, and it didn't need it.  It was light and a great start to our meal.
After that, I can't say I was really wowed by anything.  We ordered the striped sea bass, roasted veal tenderloin, and a side of sea urchin pasta to share.  The bass was cooked well but was on the bland side.  The veal was cooked well and the mushrooms served with it were high quality, but both were lacking flavor.  I was really excited to try my first squid ink pasta, but the sauce was just missing something.
I'm kind of bummed about the food, because the atmosphere is so laid back and relaxing, especially for a summer night.  If I came back it would be for drinks and maybe some appetizers.  Service was great and what was left of the happy hour crowd when we arrived seemed to be enjoying themselves as well!Other folks seem to have had some bad experiences with this place, but not me!
Four of us came to celebrate a friend's anniversary. We all ordered the raw bar combination appetizer which was amazing. Others ordered standard fare, I went with the burrata and squid ink pasta with sea urchin. Really enjoyed both, unique flavors. Easy to turn two plates into an entree.
My girlfriend lost her wallet - still not sure how that happened - but it showed up at the end of the night. Glad it all worked out well.
Then we were off to board games!Was here for a bridal shower a few weeks ago. The place is awesome especially the loungey feel upstairs. The food was really  good, obviously it was a party with a preset menu so I didn't get to try anything off their menu but would love to go back!I think this place is probably a solid 3.5. However, the service has been 5 stars each time I've visited, so I bumped up to a 4. I like the location and the outdoor patio is really nice, when weather permits. I've been here quite a few times and the appetizers and pastas have always been excellent. The main course dishes, however, sometimes disappoint or are just eh. They used to have a delicious chicken parm dish (it was a sorta chicken cordon bleu meets chicken parm). I was bummed when they took it off the menu and continue to be bummed when I look at see it's not back.Last night was my second time there. I love the decor and the atmosphere. We ordered a few apps at the bar and although the food was great. I mean, really, everything was hot, tasty and fresh, the service at the bar was slow, and unattentive. I wish the bar service was better.
On my fist trip there, we sat at a table and our waiter was amazing. Very attentive, professional, personable. 
So, to the bartenders: pay attention!Really like the ambience of this place. Came here for a friend's birthday party. It was a group of about 10. Plenty of appetizers for the table.. the calamari was so flavorful. My main dish was salmon and I was impressed. All around good experience. Our server was fantastic the whole time.
Also realized they had a DJ in the front area where the bar is towards the end of the evening. People seemed to be having fun dancing.
I will come back.Horrible horrible horrible. Never had a problem with this place when we go here for drinks and sit at the bar - bartenders are great. Dinner was horrible. My 14 dollar appetizer was not enough for one full bite - not kidding! The service was horrendous - there was also some rude lady who gave me am attitude when I told her that there was stuff on the check that they forgot to bring out and we told the waiter about it already. She gave me such an attitude - she might have been a a manager or an owner - regardless I don't know - she is in customer service and should get her attitude checked - she should have been apologizing for their horrible service not giving me am attitude.  Never coming to this horrible place again.I've been here a bunch of times, but I realized last night that I've never left a review. This place is a cute Italian spot. I wouldn't say that the food is necessarily earth shatteringly amazing, but it's consistently good and I have always had great service. I think this place shines most as a lounge for pickies because the bar is surrounded by windows and the appetizers are perfect little bites. The wine choices are also pretty tight with reasonable pricing. 
Worth checking out on a nice day because you can also sit outside.This place is trying WAY too hard to be something it's not.  The overall ambiance and cleanliness of the restaurant does not match the over-reaching prices.  It wasn't really a warm and comfortable place to enjoy a meal.  Instead it felt fake and sterile, trying to force itself as an authentic Italian restaurant.  The prices were outrageous compared to the portions and quality.  If you're looking for a hearty Italian mean, with a warm and enjoyable atmosphere, look elsewhere.I have been here multiple times but recently revisited as I had multiple good experiences in the past. I sat at the bar and our bartender, Phil, was extremely attentive and one of the best bartenders in the universe. Food was good too. Would highly recommend going, especially if Phil is working that night.I highly recommend this restaurant for two reasons....great atmosphere, especially for a romantic night out, and fantastic food!  I arrived early so I decided to chill at the bar for the end of happy hour.  The sangria was nice and the bar atmosphere was really fun.  When it came time for dinner, I had the seared branzio which was a light white fish with a crispy outer skin.  The presentation was gorgeous with hints of bright green dancing around the plate of oyster mushrooms and fish.  And the touches of truffle oil...much appreciated.  Aside from the fish, I also got to sample the zucchini crab cake which was fabulous!  The crab was generous and perfectly cooked.  The seasoning was just right..not too salty.  The chococlate nutella crepes and the glass of porte were the perfect end to a most decadent meal.meh, it's OK.  food made me ill.  the clothing "art" on the wall is absolutely HIDEOUS, I wanted to rip them down.Went to Positano Coast last night during Restaurant Week. I had all intentions of ordering off the restaurant week menu, until my boyfriend showed me the regular menu. Then of course, I couldn't make up my mind! (Needless to say, we did end up ordering from the regular menu)
Everything looked delicious.  Our waiter was very friendly and helpful. For appetizers, we ordered the cheese plate & the crudo of the day, which was a ahi tuna crudo--it was actually closer to a tuna tartar than seviche, which our server had described it as. Slightly citrus-y...but not overpowering.
Entrees--my sweetheart had the sea urchin pasta---YUM--and I had truffle lobster with edamame. Another YUM...however, I do wish for the price, that there would have been a bit more lobster...and more edamame. We also tried the saffron risotto and the spinach with garlic. Both were good, although the risotto was lacking something.
We decided to skip dessert after not being impressed by the selections.
The atmosphere was great, the murals on the walls were absolutely gorgeous. The only thing I didn't like were the servers outfits--blue chef pants with white shirts--most of the male servers only had on white undershirts & many looked scruffy & unkept.
I'd probably go back if the opportunity presented itself.This was not the experience we thought it would be. The food was bland and the meat in the pasta was more like chow. I also got sick when we got home. The atmosphere was very loud and not good if you want a romantic evening.We hosted a private party in the Meridiana room for about 40 guests.  We had a wonderful experience.  Restaurant manager Carolina was so responsive and helpful in the planning process, and especially helpful in planning to accommodate our guests with food allergies.  Our servers Perry and Martin were incredibly attentive and professional, without being intrusive.  All of our guests were so impressed with the service.  The antipasto plate was the food hit of the night, especially a delicious eggplant bruschetta. They made a few adjustments to help with our guests' dietary needs and included mushroom risotto balls and tomato bruschetta, both of which were absolutely delicious.  
We were there on a Friday night, and while there was a DJ in the front bar, we could not hear it at all from our room, and were able to focus entirely on each other and those giving speeches.  It was fun to exit our space and walk through the vibrant night scene at the restaurant.  Definitely would host another event here.I have been dining at Positano Coast for years. This restaurant is hands down one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia. Their menu has something for everyone. The staff from the person answering the phone to make a reservation to the servers, bartenders and Marianna and Enrico whom are the best at running this fine establishment. The option for outside dining is amazing. The ambiance is stunning. Truly a jewel in Olde City. 
P.S. You must try Marianna's homemade Lemocello...second to none! The Best!
CiaoThis place is always so amazing! Had a bridal shower here a couple months ago and the managers were so helpful and willing to work with us on a budget we could afford.
Whenever I am in town I am always sure to stop by. Last night I had the baked ricotta. Seafood risotto, hummus, scallops, and lobster ravioli and each dish was amazing. 
The bartenders here are also awesome and make amazing drinks!July 1. 2014. I give 4 stars for the meal and 2 for the service. 
Been here a few times before and sadly its their MO. I will stick to Happy hour and appetizers at the bar 
Downtown for the Philadelphia orchestra and fireworks at Penns Landing so a Meetup group i am part of brought 50 into the bar. 
I decided on dinner with my daughter and the dinner was good however our waiter was MIA after taking our order. Saw him run outside multiple times. 
Meal  was delivered by a runner. Not once were we asked if the meal met our expectations nor were we checked on.  We had to flag a busboy down to retrieve our check. As soon as our waiter saw we had our check he was around. REALLY?Great meal at Positano Coast!  I really loved this place!
Excellent service, cool contemporary decor, upscale crowd, interesting and well executed menu!  Location across from the Ritz 5 movie makes it a good stop for a pre-movie dinner, or drinks and a light bite.  
Particularly enjoyed the appetizer of mussels with chorizo (huge portion!) and the wild boar ragu entree.  They also offer a "crudo" menu which looked interesting but we didn't try.
Total tab including wine and tip was $120 for 2.I came here to look at a private dining area to host my rehearsal dinner.  My mother in law was in touch with the manager Carolina.  She greeted us with a very rude tone and acted extremely uninterested in helping us.  Emails were exchanged with her ahead of time and we were under the impression she knew we were coming to look at the space.  We felt very unwelcome especially after she denied telling us the space could hold 40 people. I have never dined at this restaurant but the overall atmosphere seemed very low class and cheesy.  I will never be back and would never recommend this venue based on the service I witnessed today.Ambiance was great.  Tight but expected for a nice place in Philly on a nice summer weekend. The calamari appetizer was terrible, tough, and chewy. The mozzarella special was nice but not enough tomato or salt and pepper. And the gnocchi could have been good with more flavor. Nice thought on our part but lacking so much in flavor.This place was amazing!  My boyfriend and I just walked in around 7:30 on a Friday night and were able to sit right down.  Their lounge area is posh with comfortable couches, which is where we ate.  There is also a full dining area.  The service was amazing, our waiter was super knowledgeable and all of his recommendations were amazing.  We ordered the crab legs as an appetizer - they were amazing!  I had the crab cake for dinner and my boyfriend had swordfish - everything was succulent and amazing.  We had cheesecake for dessert.  If you add a bottle of wine to your meal it did get a little pricey, but if you're looking for a nice night out, this place is great.  Everything from the atmosphere to the service to the food was just wonderful, great experience, great restaurant and we will be back soon!Good place in Old City for modern Italian. Yummy octopus and the grilled branzino was a steal for the price they charge. The calamari was decent albeit a bit spicy for some. Gnocchi was very good too but the pasta with crabmeat could use a little more seasoning. All in all a very good meal and worth a second visit.
An odd comment that had nothing to do with our meal: We ate there on a warm Saturday for lunch and a lot of the older folks from the Old City Towers were out dining at that time so our meal had a quasi-old folks geriatric feel to it (loud talking and cell phones ringing loudly). Kinda added a Seinfeld component to our meal.We had a great meal here! I've never tried squid ink pasta before and was very pleased with the outcome. The service was wonderful and the food tasted fresh and didn't take long at all to arrive at our table.
The decor is a little outdated, but definitely places you somewhere in the Mediterranean. I did thoroughly enjoy getting to eat in the lounge area. 
All in all? Exactly what I expected. You'll spend a good bit to eat here, but it sure will be tasty, and you'll have a nice time.Extremely pleased this is a great place. Food is rally well spiced, healthy and highly delicious and not heavy. Modern Italian is what makes this place special. Atmosphere is nice here. Very clean.When you climb the stairs to Positano Coast you forget you're smack dab in Old City, and even if it's freezing outside you feel like you're hanging out on the coast of Italy.
The food is light but good but they're known for their house drink, a lemon/vodka concoction that tastes like creamy candy. But be warned - those little buggers sneak up on you, so make sure you have a designated driver or limit yourself, because they are delicious and mighty strong.It's one of the typical nice places to eat that still leaves you hungry after spending some cash.
I came here for a friend's birthday and the location is easy to get to right on Walnut. l maxed out my time for parking just incase people ran late(which they did lol) and got drinks w friends at the bar till the rest showed up. My corona was $6, which is typical for the location and type of venue, not too high or low. 
Got seated and the first thing l noticed is that we were easily the youngest crowd there. Our group's age range was between 20-30 but it seemed everyone there was 40+. Good thing l wore a button down and dress shoes. 
When ordering, l had to google image some of the menu since l wasn't sure what l would be ordering. A friend of mine said he was going to order the crabcakes and we tried to find pictures on the website and here on Yelp of their crabcakes and though we found it, we had nothing to compare its size to(such as a fork) to get a good estimation. Well he went w it anyway and it was kinda small and said 'yea you were right about the size'. Not surprised it was small but he did say it was very good. However after waiting a bit over half an hour to get our food because we had a party of 16 and also waiting because people were running late.... it was a long wait to get a little crab cake for $19.
l ordered the seafood risotto and that was filling. The only complaint was the oysters were very small. l still got full for the $20 l dropped on it. It's whatever, 1/3 of money l spent on the food was to pay for the environment. 
Celebrated our friend's birthday and socialized and had some drinks and just hung out and drank for longer than we expected. The lighting was well and the view was pleasant from our seating by the big open windows. We overall had a very nice time there and then the party continued into Old City.
If you're just taking a girl out on a date or want nice food and not worried bout getting stuffed for your money, it's a good option to come here. However, if you missed lunch and really wanna eat, just go get a juicy burger somewhere else.Went to an industry cocktail party at Positano with my friends...I'll lay out the scene. 
My friends: casually dressed in jeans, sneakers and hoodies 
vs
Other guests: cocktail dresses, stilettos, fine Italian men's suits
As you could imagine, my friends wanted to run for the hills, BUT I assured them the cocktails would make up for the awkward company we found ourselves mingling with. Then again, I thought, they are normal. We are outcasts.
What did we learn? There's nothing a drink can't fix. I'm now a fan of Positano's cocktails. They feature a fully organic cocktail menu and by next week, they'll have a completely new list in place. The bartenders here spend a ton of prep time getting all the fresh ingredients ready. One of my favorites is the tobacco-infused cachaca (Bazillian rum) cocktail. It's amazing and I don't even smoke anymore.
Drinks here are well-balanced and sometimes they even feel like they're good for you.My waiter Will was great . He was very attentive and caring, he had soft eyes.  The food was great And so was the atmosphere . I would definitely return for dinner or lunch to see the Waiter WILL again. The food is also worth another trip .Visited on a Saturday night for a birthday celebration with friends.  8 person party.  We were seated promptly even tho our party was not complete...a plus.  The decor is outstanding!   A very cool Mediterranean atmosphere lends to the upscale vibe they are going for.   After being at another event all day I was not super hungry so I ordered the Antipasti appetizer.  Note:  it does not come on a bed of lettuce or with greens.  The waitress did attempt to up sell me a $6.00 plate of lettuce.   Served on what looked like a cutting board the meats and cheeses were quite good.  However, some of the cheese was very strong and could have used some lettuce to cut it.  We did not see our waitress during our entire meal.  Not once.  No "how is everything"  No refills of water  ( my empty glass was not hiding).  I often think that parties are neglected since servers are guaranteed an 18% tip.  No need to be attentive and it showed throughout our entire meal.   Perhaps this place is better suited for a couple or a party of four when the servers are actually working for the tip.Great spot, wow this place is huge.  Defintely a delicious spot, good selection of Italian cuisine, a bit pricey but well worth it.  Come check it out.Well this is my second visit to Positano Coast and it was every bit as wonderful as the first time last spring . Went there with four other women for a nice dinner. The raw clams were super fresh . The artichoke salad excellent with just the right amount of dressing. Three of us I had Zucchini Crab cakes which were moist crab filled and delicious. The other diners had Branzino , she practically licked the plate and one had mussels . We finished with a mousse cake dessert to share and coffee. Excellent meal again , lovely restaurant, nice vibe and great waitstaff .Wow!  This place is a complete disconnect from the surrounding area.  We were touring the Olde Town and Independence Hall area and found this restaurant that I recognized from an ad in the tourist magazine.  Normally, that would be a turnoff, but after we checked out the menu I thought we have to come back if we get a chance. 
We did and are very happy we made the trip.  The decor is great!  It really has a Mediterranean feel.  The hostess was superb, constantly checking on us.  And the food - yum! Yum! YUM!
We got a delicious cocktail to start - I believe it is the Man Sinner? With gin, cucumber and basil (an maybe more but I can't recall).  It was delicious.  Appetizers: we had the grilled octopus and crab zucchini fritters.  The Octopus was unbelievably tender and perfectly flavored and blackened on the edges.  Never, ever, have I had octopus like that.  The fritters were disappointing though (thus contributing to the 4 stars).  They were over cooked - they "tasted" like oil.  But, if they had been cooked properly the large pieces of crab would have knocked me out.  Great potential.
We had Bronzini and Ciopinno for entrees.  The Ciopinno was almost smoky, not the light tomato broth - another problem with the cooking time though (also contributing to the 4 stars) the fish inside was slightly overdone.  But the potato Gnocchi inside were pillowy - perfect!  The bronzini was perfect, not overdone, and just delicious with a parsley root puree and very light leeks and carrots.  Both were outstanding.  And, the amount of food was perfect with the delicious bread they place on the table.  The portions are small compared to the norm - but I always welcome that.  We were actually able to get two appetizers and two entrees and not have leftovers or be overstuffed.  Perfect!
I would go to this place if I am ever in Philly again.  It was a great atmosphere with excellent service and delicious, unique food.I went here earlier in the week to eat for the first time and really liked it. Food was great, service is super friendly and timely. It was priced well so I invited people from work to go, and they handled 7 people very well. Everyone liked it!!So, we finally made it out after winning the $100 gift certificate at the August Yelp event (the open mic). 
Man. Good food. Portions were alright, presentation was nice.... The décor was fancyish, but encouraged an atmosphere better suited for people who are a little more "blingy" or formal than me. That's fine though.
First things first, they started us out with some really good bread and olive oil. That always pleases me. I had the house salad as my appetizer and the Wild Boar over Polenta for my main course. Both were pretty damn good. The Wild Boar was amazing. It was billed as a rack of wild boar but it was more like 3 chops. Good enough portion though. 
All in all the food was really good. We were able to sit our on their deck too, and it was a perfect night for it. Our waitress was really sweat and attentive. Whats with the attire of the staff though? I don't get it. It looks like they are wearing scrubs. Is that true? 
Would I go back? Hrmmmm.... I dunno. It was good and all but not really my style. I am glad to have eaten here on the dime of someone else though. It is not inexpensive at all.they have great food and amazing dessert and i have never been disappointed by their service.I like to sit at the bar, share a couple apps and an entree or two, have a well made drink and have the bartenders pay attention to me.  This is the place.  My hangout in the city on a cold night, a warm night, a hot night.  I go about once very two months, and it never gets old.  Food has serious flavor and presentation, small plates mostly, nice bread served with the GOOD olive oil.  The only thing missing for a 5 star rating is "tap" beers or a much bigger selection of the bottles (and yes cans of IPA's) they have currently.I don't know why did this place get such low rating on yelp. It is a fun and exciting place to be at. The ambiance is wonderful and they play cool music. It's a very energizing place with good food.We had a great meal at Positano Coast on Sunday.
Crab Tacos & Grilled Octopus to start. Tacos were pretty good. Octopus was awesome.
Crab Cake & Veal Tenderloin as entrees. Both very good.
Vanilla Cheesecake to share for dessert. Simple and perfect after a big meal.
The service was great. Our server (bill printout said Nicky, but who knows) was very nice, personable, and attentive. One note: we had a late reservation and their kitchen closes at 9:30 on Sundays. They made sure we got our orders in quickly, but were very friendly and didn't make us feel rushed. However, if I ever return on a Sunday evening, I'll be sure to book something before 9pm for everyone's sake.
Great seafood. Tasty veal and dessert. Plenty of other menu items that I'd like to try next. Thanks to our server and the kitchen both.Have only been for drinks and brunch but it is on my top 5 list. Fabulous environment.... yes, you really do feel like you're on the Mediterranean coast. 
You MUST (bold, double underline) try their Lemon Drop cocktail. You won't get anything like it anywhere else. I have decided to return every year on my birthday just for these -- a present to myself.
At a recent brunch, friends and I shared fries (damn good! well seasoned and, I think, double fried. Arrived at the table hot & crispy); spicy calamari (I'm still dreaming of it. really perfectly cooked), the turkey avocado club (thumbs up... fresh turkey & avocado. a little dry but nothing a bit of mustard aioli can't take care of); and the strawberry cheesecake (which the waiter woefully undersold. Unbelievable). 
Bonus: bottomless mimosas. Enough said.Very good food and service.  We went on a Sunday at around 3 pm and the service was wonderful.  We had apps, entree's, wine, and desert, everything was fantastic.  My only gripe if you will was the portion sizes seemed a bit small for the price...I chopped it up to location and quality of food/service.  I will def go back...and so should you!The ambiance is frankly strange. I've eaten better food. I've had friendlier staff.
Also, they advertise as a BYOB and fail to mention their corking fee, which is hefty.Nice ambiance, decent happy hour prices, disinterested bar/wait staff. Stopped in for drinks and happy hour prices on the oysters last Friday. Did not disappoint but the staff was not particularly happy to be there or attentive. My wife left a sweater at the bar so I called and was able to pick it up Saturday morning with no issue. We would definitely go again.This is the 2nd time I've been here, and the food has been great both times. They specialize in seafood, and the menu and quality reflect that. I've had the grilled octopus, squid ink pasta with sea urchin and jumbo lump crabmeat, and pappardelle with wild mushrooms and truffle cream sauce, and all three were wonderful.  
This most recent time, I only ordered a beer, but I do recall their cocktails being excellent from my first visit to the restaurant.  
The exterior of the restaurant is a bit too much like an amusement park, and the waitstaff were a little too eager to take away our plates even when we weren't done eating, but I think the food is good enough that I'll certainly be back a third time!I've ventured into here before Autumn 2013, and was able to do the outside seating. The decor in here is beyond gorgeous as it looks down at Olde City, it's so chic with its intimate seating for two, or caters to big groups. There's also an outside dining table for groups of twelve.
The seafood there is delicious. I've had the spicy fried, crispy calamari that came with goats cheese (my favourite), as well as the sea urchin pasta. It was flavourful and mixed perfectly with the Moët champagne I was sipping on. 
For dessert I've had the frangelico chocolate mousse. It had hazelnut scrapings on it, as well as a thin brownie crust, cloaked in chocolate and caramel. 
I'd return here if I'm ever out on a date.Stopped in for pre movie lunch. Great location just across from the Ritz. I had beets with goat cheese and a Cesar salad with grilled chicken. I know, hard to mess up. But the service was exceptional. Very welcoming as well.I have been here at least 2-4 times with company lunches and friends. I have to say that the food is really good there. The atmosphere is really nice as well. The waitresses have always been very polite and very quick. When I came here with friends, I usually came during lunch and ordered the paninis which are amazing. It was priced fairly and came with fries. Yum! I would give this place a 5-star if it was more affordable. Everything besides the paninis are a bit pricey. Other than that, I think this place is a perfect Italian restaurant. I would come here again.Went there for Sunday lunch about 2pm after seeing a Ritz Five movie. It is BYOB on Sundays and Mondays and they were very gracious about it with no corkage fee. 
We had the positano salad, cold antipasto, spaghetti marinara, shrimp linguini, and some kind of entree risotto.
We ended with a creme brulee.
The prices were good because it was lunch and BYOB. We had excellent, attentive service and when we had one minor glitch with the temperature of the dessert they comped us on it!
We will definitely be going there again.I've never had a bad experience here.The sea bass was spot on and the service top notch. The food was amazing. One of my favorite restaurants to visit.Ambiance is very nice. Waitstaff was mediocre at best. The waiter was rude to me and only made eye contact and spoke with my girlfriend when he was waiting on us. We thought this was strange. He should have known I was the one paying and not put the check closer to her. 
Food was great! Gnocchi as a side and spaghetti as a side made a good meal.Positano has a great vibe, particularly if you are lucky enough to go on an evening when it's warm out--and can sit on the open air elevated deck, and soak up the breeze as well as a few cocktails. The decor is funky Euro-style--you feel like you're actually on the Positano Coast with the giant backlit coastal photos. The restaurant has many small plate dishes and promotes sharing, which is a great way to sample and get a broad sense of the chef's talent.
The staff are all extremely knowledgeable and courteous, from the bartenders, to the waitstaff, to the busboys. On one occasion I came in with a large group on a Friday night without a reservation, and was immediately accommodated. They go out of their way here to please the customer.
Now, to the goods...The food is generally very good. The seafood, in particular, is more traditional-Italian style, while some of the other dishes are more American-Italian. Of particular note is the crudo, which, in a neighborhood full of legit sushi joints, stands its ground and presents a welcome new take on raw fish. The grilled octopus is FABULOUS! A must order if you go.
Other fish dishes were also well executed, some simply grilled and topped with a little lemon and olive oil, in the traditional Italian style, others with the touch of an American saucier. The vast menu presents a number of other main courses, and on the occasion I went with a large group we ordered basically everything on the menu. There are plenty of options for the less culinary adventurous, including several pastas. An unexpected treat for the carnivores was the wild boar, which was delicious!
Happy hour is great here, if not a bit intimidating, because the multitude of cougars hovering around the bar were eyeing me up like a gazelle. $3 lemon drops and wines (GOOD Italian wines, even Prosecco!), along with appetizers less than $6? You can't go wrong.I live around the corner from here and thought the decor was bit tacky every time I walked by with the blue neon lights everywhere BUT none of that mattered after I ate there the first time. I've been there two times already and the food is amazing. First time, my boyfriend and I went out for a celebratory dinner, and we came back with my family the next time. Smaller portions, but quality is awesome. Go here for seafood. Squid ink / sea urchin pasta is my go-to here.
Highly recommended for Italian/Mediterranean  + seafood, enjoy!PROS: Fancy interior, nice service
CONS: Underwhelming food
The fare here is truly mediocre. It's not bad --- but neither is it anything special. None of the dishes we tried were memorable. I expected something more, but I think I just received a fancier Olive Garden experience.Ordered four small plates: sea food risotto+eggplants; squid ink pasta+sautéed mushroom
The bread before the meals plus the olive oil is really good. 
The dishes are just so so. They are overall a little bit too salty. 
But the decoration and the atmosphere is very European style. Love the wall decoration of linen clothes. Real fabric!I got the bolognese and it was overly salty. My brother ordered the squid ink pasta, yet it was not real ink. We got a side of pasta marina, which tasted like salty tomato juice. However, the staff was very friendly, and it had a nice ambiance. Also the tuna tartare was very tasty!Atmosphere is very nice and the bar is a great place to hang while you wait for your party to arrive.  The lemon drop martini is delicious and very strong. Highly recommended. All the food is very delicious if you enjoy seafood.  The appetizers were excellent. I had the spicy crab cake. Not very spicy, but it was very large and awesome. My only real issue is the price. The menu is very expensive and the portions for the most part are so so. I enjoyed it but i doubt I will ever go again.Positano Coast was my first stop for Restaurant Week 2011.
Michelle C. hits the nail on the head. The ambiance and the design is a 4, maybe a five. We were sat by the window with a nice view of the street, and on comfy little ottomans. The place does a good job of making you feel very rich and European.
The drink selection is great (though much of it out of my price range, unfortunately; I did enjoy my Chimay though), and the food, while not necessarily exceptional, was solid. I had a Wild Boar served with linguine, served nice and hot- surprisingly tasty. My girlfriend got the gnocchi- good stuff, nothing too fancy.
A note: both times I've been here have been before trying to catch a movie at the Ritz Five. In both cases we felt pressed for time, this time getting out too late to sit anywhere decent in the theater. This may have made the service feel slower than it actually was. Nevertheless, I wouldn't recommend trying to sneak in dinner here before a show; it is absolutely perfect, however, for good food and drinks *after* your show.I ordered a cocktail called 'aperitivo', which has Lillet Blanc (one of other ingredients in said cocktail)  in it and happens to be one of my favorite cocktail ingredients. This drink is fantastic.   I ordered the 'Tuna tartar', which is very good.   After I ordered it, I realized that they also have Pan seared Branzino with ParsnipRootPurée,SautéedLeeks, OysterMushrooms,TruffleOil, on their dinner menu so next time I go to Positano Coast, I plan to order that.
I also realized that they have some lovely happy hour specials during the week between 4 and 7 pm and on sundays from 12:30 pm to 6 pm.I mostly go there for their lounge music and relaxing atmosphere. It's definitely a great place to go to hang out with friends and grab a drink after dinner. You can actually hear each other without having to raise your voice. They have many organic cocktails which are very interesting.The only bad thing I will say about this place is that the portions are small and meant to be shared, this is stated on the menu.  They recommend each patron get 2 dishes at least, at $17-27 bucks a pop this is very unlikely for people in my socioeconomic bracket. I'm the type to eat at bar counters. I hit the occasional Italian Joint in Souf Philly. I generally don't get out to "classy spots". I'm a cheap ass if you haven't gotten my drift yet. 
For some reason, on a Sunday, I decided I wanted good food. The Bitch and I moseyed down to Old City to find a joint, we wandered past a few spots, checking out various  places. Too expensive, has the word "fusion" in it, music is way too loud, people serving here are dressed like Betsey Ross " ah. Hmm. second floor, Huge floor plan, beautiful decor and i can sit outside in November... I'm in. 
The service is PERFECT. Very European style , they leave you alone (the group next to us sat there after they ate for an additional hour or so without being stared down or asked if anything else was needed) , seem to show up just when needed, are quiet and unobtrusive. Lovely. (and cute for that matter, every one who worked there was at least an 8- 81/2) 
I ordered a glass of Malbec for 13 bucks. I figured it was probably good wine for that price by the glass. OH BUT JOY! It was 2 glasses in a mini carafe, how cost effective! 
We did not order an appetizer even though they did look delish and went right to the entrees. I ordered a Veal steak with tiny veggies and some kind of jus. I died. I did, i died and i went straight to hell for submitting to the temptation of this decadent dish. It was perfect, it was better than perfect, there isn't even a word for how amazing this dish was. I wanted to sop up every last drop of the jus!  The Man ordered a chicken parm dish with a side of fettuccine and was very shocked when he received what appeared to be fried egg rolls and breaded meatballs. it was tiny fillets of chicken rolled and balled with the cheese stuffed inside, it was also quite heavenly. 
We then ordered dessert. I had the creme brulee which was the only disappointing part of the meal. I wholeheartedly enjoy cracking the top of the creme brulee with my spoon, this took barely a tap. The sugar shell was barely there. the creme itself was divine and light. The Man ordered the gelato of the day which was an apple marscapone, I was immediately jealous and had to keep myself from swallowing his dessert whole. 
The whole bill amounted to $74 which i think is MORE than fair. AND they gave us a $10 gift certificate for joining them for the first time. 
Everything about this place was amazing. I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a light dinner in a relaxing atmosphere! (This place also does byob Sundays and Mondays for no corkage fee!!)Positano Frites are a must! Lobster roll was very good. Not an abundance of filling like you would get in Boston but very tasty. Roll was grilled and beautiful. Creme Brûlée was ok. Custard was very good but sugar on top was not thick enough to result in a good crack....still very tasty thoughThe atmosphere was really nice, I really enjoyed the outdoor seating area. I ordered the positano burger with a peroni. I requested the burger to be cooked medium and I received it well done. The burger was quite dry but not terrible. All and all it was a great place for lunch with a great Mediterranean atmosphere.The ambiance of this restaurant is great. Quaint and romantic especially in the back where the couches are. They serve Italian food and my main dish was the crab cake zucchini. I must say, that it was the best crab cake I've ever tasted. Extremely soft and moist and sits on top of spinach. So for all them other weight watchers, this dish does not make you feel guilty at all. I also had the spicy fried calamari as an appetizer and all I can say is that this dish was fantastic. The spiciness was nothing more than just a little bite so you wot be panting and begging for water. Customer service is very friendly and I can vouch due to the fact I was one of those jerks that came in 30 minutes prior to close. Sorry!Great relaxing lunch.  Grilled octopus was tasty, not overly cooked and rubbery. Crab cake was different than traditional (in a good way) with lots of crab in it.  Lemon mouse was light and flavorful.Wow. It's place was exactly what we were looking for. Celebrated my birthday here with 15 of my closest friends and had a wonderful time. The decor and atmosphere really had no flaws. So you think the food isn't gonna be good but the food was great. All 15 people had No complaints. Saved my first Rosotto experience for here and it was delicious! Can't wait for summer to come here for the outside. 
So if your looking for romantic or large group, put Positano Coast on your checklist! The service will bend over backwards for you!! I promiseI like this resturant better years back. Sadly the food and especially the service has gone down.I absolutely love this place. It is casual enough to not feel stuffy, but still elegant. My BF is fresh off the boat Italian, and we frequent this place for many a date nights. We always order the Grilled Octopus and Grilled Seppia as a starter--both are perfection every time--along with the fresh mozzarella. Since filling mostly on the small plates the two of us will then split one of the entrees--the Seafood Risotto is a must.
Can't wait until my next visit. Always leave more than pleased.I visited this place for lunch during Restaurant Week (although I ordered off the normal menu), so weight my review accordingly.
This place was all-around solid, reasonably tasty, not outlandishly expensive Italian fare. 
The atmosphere is... odd. There's an open-air feeling about the place, with walls painted a variety of blue colors with and without vines and lemons. It toes the line of kitsch. Depending on your sensibilities (and dining partners), this may or may not be an issue for you. 
The food was pretty reasonable. I had the littleneck clam pasta, which was pretty tasty (and $10, from the normal menu). I was with a group so I also stole bites of a few other dishes too. The salmon and the tiramisu were both a little bit dry, and the flatbread foccacia reminded me weirdly of mayonnaise. The lemon drop martinis were pretty good, but only pretty good, and they're $10 (not $5) if you don't sit in the bar.
I would probably come back here if one of my I'll-only-eat-Italian-or-hamburgers friends was visiting. Otherwise, there are probably more interesting places.Came here with family for Restaurant Week to celebrate me and hubby's anniversary.  The décor had that Italy vibe with murals on the walls and plenty of glass windows for outside viewing.  They have outside eating upstairs near the bar as well.  Unfortunately, all the tables were full, but we sat at the bar for a cocktail prior to the hostess sitting us inside.  We didn't mind since they sat us near the windows to people watch.   After looking at the pre-selected menu for Restaurant week, we decided to order off the regular menu.  I had Sea Bass...yum.  Hubby and brother in law had pasta dishes, sister in law had risotto.  Good food, good drinks with great service, couldn't of ask for a better night.I used to frequent this place about 7 - 8 year ago before I knew of TripAdvisor. I always loved it and my drink of choice was the limoncello. 
I was here mostly for parties in the last few years, with one just the other day. I absolutely loved it. We were put in a separate room away from the rest of the restaurant. There was a nice table of appetizer dishes set up on one side and comfy couches with tables on the opposite. The food was excellent! The marinated artichokes were probably the best I have ever had. Service was really good. Once a plate was empty, it was pretty much immediately refilled. After a while, the food was changed to hot second course which consisted of a choice of wine-braised beef, fish or chicken with a side of veggies and home style potatoes. Also very good. There was plenty of alcohol and mixers to go around. Servers were pretty quick to clear the dirty dishes and glasses. Dessert consisted of Tiramisu, which was very decent but not the best and an assortment of fruit. 
I think the room is usually an outdoor room that is covered with plastic in the winter. It seemed that the temperature was very hard to regulate. There were heaters at the top of the ceiling that were constantly being accessed by the staff to either turn on or off as it was either cold or hot. 
After around midnight a DJ started mixing. There is a small dance floor adjacent to the bar. Music was decent but at times a little odd and hard to dance to. I guess this would be a matter of opinion. Overall, had a great time!Service is terrible. Walked in and could see only 3 tables seated in the dining area. The hostess said she was booked with no open tables, but we could seat ourselves at the bar. The bar was what was full with no two stools together for my fiancé and myself together. With the arrogance of the staff, there is not a chance on earth I would recommend this place to anyone. Definitely it was not worth my time or irritation.Cool spot to hang out and have some drinks if the girls are working the bar. Try the drink something Sanchez, I cannot remember the first part of the name but it is good.
I have eaten here a couple of times and it's a fun place if you like to have tapas and share your food.We actually went here for a Rehearsal Dinner this past Saturday night and we were really impressed with everything! The decor was light and airy, which I actually really liked, and definitely wasn't expecting. (I also know the bride and groom had a tough time finding a place for a rehearsal dinner for 40 people on a Saturday night, so I got the feeling they were very accommodating.)
We arrived a bit early, so we had a drink at the bar. I got a glass of Sangria that was super refreshing - it was a HOT day! The bar staff was helpful and quick to get us our drinks. When the space was ready, we were escorted to a room tucked in the back of the restaurant for the party. The room was set up well, and the staff was very attentive. I had the risotto, and my husband had the veal - both were cooked well and the portions were definitely sufficient. 
When we left they had the main area of the restaurant setup with a DJ and lights, and I'm sure it's a good time if that's your kind of party.Very interesting place.  It kind of owns an entire block in Olde Town.  Somehow managed to feel isolated in the middle of a busy party of town being next to a park.  Inside is really large but divided into enough smaller rooms as to still be intimate.  Decor is bordering overkill but was kinda neat.  Everyone working there had an Italian accent, which was cool.  
The food was very good overall.  It's certainly not a stuff your face and take a doggie bag home place.  But prices seemed reasonable for the portions and ambiance.This is one of my first places in the city that I came to for dinner and continued from that day forward. I love their sangria, their food sampling and their atmosphere. A little loud on the weekends (expected of anywhere in Philadelphia), but a great atmosphere for entertaining guests or an intimate dinner.Went at 6pm on a Tuesday for happy hour and stayed for dinner. Bar service at happy hour was slow but prices good. Had the artichoke lemon soup as a first course, which was excellent. Well flavored, rich and creamy with a good balance of lemon and a good amount of artichoke hearts, chicken pieces and delicious ricotta dumplings. Main course was the herb encrusted mahi with broccoli rabe. The mahi was a thin cut and wad way over cooked. Good seasoning but was tough like dried out chicken. Broccoli rabe was well prepared but seasoning and presentation could have been more inventive for the price.  We had a huge group of 30 and service was extremely slow.My boyfriend and I went for lunch with his parents to Positano Coast this past weekend and it was a very nice experience. We often find it difficult to find a good restaurant that is opened on Sunday for lunch, so this was a real treat! The restaurant is bright and airy, really giving a summer/coastal feel even in the middle of November. The interior décor is full of bright blues and crisp whites with accents of Italian tile work everywhere. It looks like there are many different seating options, and the bar area is very spacious too which would probably make it a great place to go just for drinks.
We sat in the first room beyond the host desk, which had an entire wall of windows over looking the historic cobble stone streets below and the old Merchant Exchange Building. If you were not facing the windows you also had great views, courtesy of the large light box photographs of the Amalfi Coast. The only downside of the location is that street parking might be a bit difficult, although there is a parking garage attached to the Ritz.
The wait staff was very friendly and helpful. We ordered the stuffed fried calamari and the Antipasto as appetizers and she was correct in advising that one of each would certainly be enough for the four of us to share. The stuffed fried calamari was delicious (Calamari stuffed with cherry pepper cream cheese and spinach, flash fried and served
with marinara), I've never seen anything like it before and I would highly recommend it! The Antipasto was a nice way to get a range of the Mediterranean flavor (Marinated bocconcini, crisp mushroom risotto, mixed olives, roasted peppers, artichokes,
prosciutto and cherry tomatoes), and there was enough on the plate to share  a bit of each between four people.
For our main course two of us had the Grilled Artichoke, Zucchini, Eggplant and Fontina Panini, and the other two a Spicy Sausage, Provolone and Peppers Panini and a Fresh Mozzarella, Basil, Prosciutto and Tomatoes Panini. Everyone was quite pleased with the sandwiches, and each came with a healthy side of fries or side salad. 
Everything was wonderful and reasonably priced. I would definitely go back and recommend this place to anyone!Great appetizers and drinks. Actually, the meal I had there once wasnt bad either, but the ambience and the overall setting is what makes this a great place. Especially in the summer.First time, and it won't we the last! We ordered practically everything listed on the menu. My favorite fishes were the artichoke soup,grill octopus and salads were good too. Overall, I was extremely satisfied with out meal from beginning to end. Service, eh...I can't really rate them just yet. There were 7 of us and majority of us were women, I felt rushed. But I'm sure service would be better for 2. I'm looking for to going back. Very satisfied.This place is real "sexy"...(in the summer). Nice for a first date or a fancy girls night out. Definietly dont go if you are hungry because you wont get full from their serving sizes unless you plan on ordering a lot and spendinfg a lot of $$$! But over all its cool for just a bite and maybe a few drinksCeviche, octopus and cauliflower were excellent.  Branding very much over cooked and dry.Positano Coast is an amazing place to experience a great meal outdoors. We went early on a weekday night and asked to sit outside on the balcony since it was a beautiful evening. We were told to pick whichever table we felt like. The food was all delicious. The small plate style allowed for us both to sample several items from the menu. We had the Antipasto & Stuffed Calamari appetizers, the Eggplant Napolean & Lamb & Leeks entrees, the gnocchi and capellini w/ clams side dishes, and the creme brulee dessert. Everyone of them was fantastic. My favorite was probably the Capellini w/ Clams side dish. I also ordered their signature Limoncello cocktail which was also very good and the perfect complement for a beautiful spring evening. I would definitely return in the future.First time here w my conference group of 30+ people.
They accomodated us in a large side room w good views outside.
All meals ordered were excellent. Our server 'Maci' did a great job of meeting or dining needs!  
Look fwd to coming back.I ordered gnocchi and a glass of white wine.  Although fresh,  it was lacking in flavor, hence the missing star.Beautiful! As soon as I walked in I felt like i had stepped off a plane right onto the Alfani Coast. A few friends and I stopped by for Happy Hour and it was probably one of the better happy hours I've been to in the city.  Wide variety of tasty food ( mussels, oysters, hummus, delicious gnocchi, shrimp tempura). The happy hour prices were great! (Most expensive item is only $6bucks.  The bartenders were true Mixologists with a wide knowledge base of liquors and drinks. I had the lemon drop which was fantastic!!! If anyone is an alcohol drinker I would certainly recommend the drink! I also tried the organic cocktail and it was a house infused vodka drink that was out of this world! The decor and the music were Chic, Modern, and down right beautiful! We set a the bar but there were several different seating options throughout the restaurant including intimate couches overlooking outside. This place is a true Gem in Old City!!! I can't wait to come back during the summer months! Certainly try out their happy hour it did not disappoint!Friend's birthday dinner. One year anniversary of the birthday dinner we spent at Distrito, so horrifying visions of fields of cilantro filled my mind prior to dinner.  Could it be that awful again?
Thankfully, no.  No cilantro, and a cheaper bill to boot.
Not to say that PC is cheap... but you don't actually have to order the multiple dishes they say you do.  Going as a fairly large group (we were six) helps.  Our plan was to each order one dish - could pick from entrees, starters, or sides - share, then, we did it again.  Was a very good plan and wound up being enough food at a fairly reasonable cost to everyone.
The service was... well, the service was pretty.  He was a very nice waiter, with very nice hair, and just his shirt opened just far enough.  And he spoke English in that perfect grey area, with that slightly altered cadence that indicates he speaks amazingly, nearly fluidly for a non-native speaker... or, he never appropriately learned to speak correctly at all and has a mild impediment.  He lost our order that he wrote down, came back and got it again, came back after he forgot some of it, and then we never got everything we ordered.  But he was pretty.
The bread is amazing. Amazing. I just want the bread. I don't care that it was my favorite part of the meal. I loved it.
Let's see... dishes. Nice eclectic seafood selection - sea urchins, prawns, branzino.  All very good.  Interesting meats - duck, lamb, boar.  Duck was a little spicy for me.  And interesting sides as well.
My companions also appreciated the drink menu - again, unique, eclectic selections.
The restaurant was quiet on a Sunday night, and a little cool to eat out on the patio.  It was a lovely atmosphere.
Great place for a group so you can sample a lot of the menu.  Service, while poor, didn't really make the meal less enjoyable. But most importantly, I had plenty to eat that wasn't doused in cilantro.Went for: Saturday Night Drinks (No food)
The place is well designed. Clearly a trendy place. The patrons clearly put a lot of time and thought into themselves. 
A group of about 6 friends went for post dinner drinks. The lounge area was mostly booked by a private party so we got a table by the front. The front bar was crowded but manageable. Not a fan of their choice cocktails. After two failed attempts of their listed drinks. I made them just make me a tequila, ginger ale and lime. 
Enough with your sweet or tart fruits!!!! 
I would try this place again for the food, as I hear it is really good. Would not be my first choice for social drinks.FANTASTIC HAPPY HR.
so many crazy good drinks, only 5 bucks!!! get the lemon drop!
also, the bartender was nice enough to google a drink she had not heard of, and made a great version of it!Ive been by this place a million times and has a really convenient corner spot on 2nd and Walnut.  When you get upstairs there is a nice trendy bar area and an small area to lounge.  Dinner was great and the staff was even better.  Felipe had some great suggestions and just left us alone.  A great waiter is there when you need him but never seems to be there otherwise ha ha, this was Felipe.  Regardless, they were hosting international night in the bar but the noise level did not bother us one bit.  I thought the food was pretty good but not great and that's why I'm giving it 4 stars.  I had the crab cake and my date had the tuna both of which were very tasty.  All and all a great experience and suggest everyone out there to add this restaurant to your list. 
Cheers!This was my second visit, awesome atmosphere, great food and the drinks are decently inexpensive. Great place on a beautiful day and not terrible in tonight's rain. I will be here regularly.We came into town on a Saturday night without a reservation. After being turned away by a couple of places, we happened upon this place. What a happy accident! We enjoyed 4 amazing courses. The service was spectacular. Food was incredible.The staff is friendly they are very helpful. I ate at the bar which had a nice selection of appetizers and drink specials. Originally I sat at the table however the staff was kinda enough to go over the happy hour menu. This is a nice place for a date or happy hour! The regular menu is pricey but not special enough for the cost.I really have mixed feelings about this place. Don't get me wrong, the food is amazing and I've never had bad service.  It's the management that strolls through that has swayed thoughts.  
I have been for happy hour, dinner and their newly-added brunch - all amazing food and great service by bartenders and waiters/waitresses.  The one off-putting experience i had was during brunch. The bartender was not only tending bar but also making the drinks for two 50 persons parties on the back, so she was slammed but we weren't forgotten.  The manager I guess was going to help her out? We had ordered their "Bottomless Mimosa" special. So the manager asked us if we would like another and we accepted. He then asked us if we were enjoying ourselves and we replied, yes very much. He then added "I can tell, I can see it in your red faces." We were taken aback. Mostly because we were maybe on our third or fourth mimosa, hardly put a dent in our meals, and we weren't acting a fool. So to call two females out like that was pretty uncalled for.. If you do go for brunch and someone either than the bartender asks you if you would like another drink, I would suggest waiting until the bartender came back around.Stopped by for a late restaurant week lunch. I've always seen this place when walking out of zahav and have been dying to try it! It looks beautiful on the outside and when we walked in the atmosphere was different than what we expected. There's a loud bar, lots of open seating and many large paintings of Italy. A little less fancy than I was expecting. 
The food was average. I started off with the mussels, which came in a nice tomato sauce. For my entree I had mahi mahi tacos. The fish had a strange taste, I would not recommend it. The dessert was a samples of cheesecake and tiramisu, nothing too exciting. 
Overall great place to stop by for a drink, but there are other places I'd go for food.On a warm and breezy Spring evening we climbed to Positano Coast for the first time.  We needed a few happy hour drinks and a bite to eat.
I'll start with the good.  Postiano Coast has a unique open air layout.  It sits a story above street level with nice views of Old City.  I think they succeed in capturing the southern Italian vibe with the white walls and white drapes.  We sat at the tile-topped bar to make the most out of the open air.  The warm breeze blowing set the scene for an enjoyable experience.  Then we tried to order.
We sat patiently with the last party's dirty dishes and were ignored by everyone for a good five minutes.  The dishes were cleared and a drink menu was dropped off.  No food menu - do they have food?  We asked for a happy hour menu and were told to wait.  It literally took another five minutes for them to produce a happy hour menu.  We ordered two glasses of sangria, which took another five plus minutes.  Add it up and we sat at the half-full bar for close to twenty minutes before we were served our first drink.  I gazed in awe at how slowly things were moving and how unimportant we were to the bartender.  We ordered three appetizers to split as I guzzled my drink.  I was very dehydrated from walking around before arriving, multiplied by waiting for so long.
The small plates came in a reasonable amount of time but were delivered by someone other than the bartender.  Our drinks sat empty for close to ten minutes while we sat invisibly.
I see that many other yelpers have given Positano positive reviews.  I sometimes I question whether I am judging prematurely, or may have caught a place on a bad day.the good:  the mediterranean themed decor was inviting, festive, yet calming all at once.  it provided just the right amount of lighting to give each table a private feel without being too dark.  the lounge area was cozy yet chic.
the bad:  the food went from disappointing to inedible to just plain sad.  
course 1 consisted of stuffed fried calamari, grilled tiger prawns, artichoke, ricotta and lemon soup, and tuna crudo.  the calamari tasted okay but it was an okay ball of dough with a tasty sauce.  we couldn't taste, chew, or see any calamari.  the grilled tiger prawns were also okay.  grilled perfectly but had no flavor.  the tuna crudo was basically chopped day old sushi.  it desperately needed salt and lemon and eventually just felt gummy as we continued eating it.  the soup however had a very nice balanced flavor.  it incorporated all ingredients well.  it wasn't a hit with everyone at the table but it was mostly due to their dislike of the individual ingredients.
course 2 consisted of rack of wild boar and braised pork shoulder.  the wild boar was unseasoned and overcooked.  it tasted freezer burned and looked like it was sitting under a heating lamp for a few hours.  the pork shoulder was cardboard dry with an overly sweet sauce that just assaulted your tastebuds.  no one at the table was able to finish their dish.  the side of gnocchi made a bad meal worse.  the gorgonzola was just overpowering.
course 3 consisted of creme brulee and nutella crepe.  both were unmemorable.
the worse:  service started out fine.  friendly smiling server.  bread and water were re-filled rather quickly.  but after the food was brought out and we noted to the server how there was a mistake, it all went downhill from there.  he said he would not charge us for the mistake but we could keep the dish anyway.  after that point, the server was m.i.a. the rest of the night.  the wait time from appetizer to entree was about 5 minutes (approximately 8:00PM).  the wait time from the entree to dessert menu was 20 minutes (approximately 9:00PM).  the wait time from dessert menu to dessert was 30 minutes and were brought out by another server.  the bill was also dropped off by another server.  (even though we saw our server walking around) and long and behold, we were charged with the mistaken dish.  after waiting about 20 minutes for the server to return, we gave up and decided to pay for a dish we neither ordered not ate because we were just plain tired and disappointed by then.  as we got up to leave, we caught a glimpse of our server sitting on a table in the kitchen chatting with other servers.  
overall i may go back for drinks in the lounge area but dinner was really subpar for what it presents itself to be.The service here was very good, attentive and friendly service is always a plus in my book.
The food was good but not exactly what I was expecting, I found the menu to be confusing and too random for my tastes. The meal was served with a pleasant style but I found the portions too small.
All in all it was a good experience, but I wouldn't go out of my way to go back.Went to Positano Coast for Restaurant Week. We all rather enjoyed ourselves. We sat at a table, not the sofas. They looked pretty low for us. Staff was great and so was the food. We want to go back on a regular day to try other things on the menu.
I felt the restaurant was nicely decorated. It made me want to visit the real Positano coast. The background music didn't sound very Italian to me but that is in no way a big deal. 
My only recommendation for Positano Coast is to put a sign telling customers how to get upstairs. We walked around the whole building before finding the ramp on the right hand side of the building. haha.I will keep this short, as everyone else has gone into great detail.
I wasn't impressed. The food was mediocre, overpriced, and with the exception of our bottle of wine, the cocktails weren't even that great. 
It's not that it was bad. It's just that when you drop 150-200 dollars on an evening out with that "special someone" you want it to be worth it. This is not. 
Save your money. Go elsewhere.Duck was very chewy and served with a butter knife.  Over priced and not as good.  Cool ambiance though.  Ordered an old fashioned not too sweet and received an extra sweet old fashioned.  3rd time eating here (not sure why) and shall be my last.One of my favorite restaurants in the city! I've been here about 5 times in the past two years .. The lemoncello martinis are to DIE FOR!!! The staff is also nice! I forget our servers name but for my birthday of about 7 girls we had this awesome server I think his name was Nick ? He was so attentive and fun and was on point with all his suggestions and al the drink refills ! Even took pictures of us in the lobby ! We didn't feel rushed after the restaurant was closing it was a Sunday! But the food is amazing and OMG THE DESSERT IS MY FAVORITE!!! Try to crepe and the hazelnut cakeThe food here is alllllllways amazing. I've never been disappointed no matter what I get. Any time we bring anyone, they go crazy about the food also. The only reason I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 is that more than once we got really slow service.This place has a little of everything. The food is good, there are a variety of comfortable seating options, there are many types of drinks, and late at night it turns into a dance club. If you are with a large group and everyone is uncertain about what to do (Dinner? Lounging? Drinks? Dancing?), this is the perfect kind of place due to all its nooks and variety. The beet salad is also tasty and the restaurant is clean and inviting.A large group of us had dinner there yesterday. We ordered a variety of dishes.  We also ordered  a lot of appetizers which were very good. One little note here though, the portions for the appetizers were a little bit small. The main dishes while a fat dick and were very delicious. The staff was professional and friendly and I service was quick. We really enjoyed this restaurant.So disappointed. Went to the tea dance which was great. Wanted to have dinner so we sat at the bar.  The bartender threw My friend's drink away and then gave attitude. They have good food but we left because of the bartender.. Tall with beardThis place is amazing. The food is superior and service is great . Had the salmon tartar, fresh oyster and branzino fish. Everything was so so so good !!Large family friendly restaurant.  Decent, not great Italian food.  Good menu.  Fanatsitc gelatto.The more I think about my recent experience here, the more I felt like I needed to write a review. I have been here many times with no issues. Servers are always super friendly and helpful, the food is great and the ambiance is nice. My recent visit on Sat 10/10 was awful. My sister was visiting from out of state and I chose to take here here for a girls night out. 
Our server Peter was rude, and completely not helpful. My sister has a gluten allergy, instead of making suggestions or checking with the chef as to what she could eat, he kept telling her to order the octopus which she had already stated she didnt like. She decided on the scallops, which came out nearly raw. When we complained, he didnt believe us and took her fork and started poking at them! He asked if she wanted something else and she again asked for some guidance as to what she could eat and he again told her to get the octopus! Then he got really annoyed and huffed and puffed going through the menu. She settled on the grouper which she said tasted good. I ordered the shirt rib meal, and the portion was tiny, I had to order something else.
We also ordered the wine with peaches. The best part is at the end you dump the peaches onto a plate and eat them. I had to ask a busboy for a plate and forks as our waiter disappeared for so long. He then dropped off the check without asking us if we wanted dessert (which we did). I was so annoyed that upon leaving I stopped at the front desk to complain. I spoke to the hostess, who basically said "oh, sorry to hear that" and didnt even go get the manager.
Extremely disappointed in this experience especially since I have loved this place in the past. So many of these things are just not acceptable. Not sure I will go back because of this.Funghi pasta was amazing!! Truffle mashed potatoes were amazing too. Great service, great atmosphere.We went back to Positano Coast for lunch again, this time for Restaurant Week. I still love the atmosphere and the service was very good, but the food and the restaurant week "deal" were both only ok overall. I'm always skeptical of Restaurant Week since I don't normally buy a three course meal, so if I went to any of the restaurants on the list I'd usually spend less money normally. But it's fun to go all out. That said, the appetizers (I added pics of both) were amazing! I ordered the potato croquettes with thai basil parmesan cream and my boyfriend got the Crispy Focaccia with roasted zucchini, ricotta, mozzarella, and truffle oil. After having such success with the appetizers, we were both a little let down by our main courses. I got the Veal Marsala, sautéed with imported marsala wine, mushrooms and sun-dried tomatoes, served with capellini. The sauce was very light, which was good, but the veal was over cooked, a little chewy, and didn't take the sauce well. The capallini with the sauce was quite tasty though. The other main course was the Fresh Mozzarella, Basil, Prosciutto and Tomatoes Panini which was good, but nothing to write home about (although the fresh motz was fantastic). To top it off for dessert we got tiramisu and creme brulee, both of which were wonderful. Aside from the main dishes not being as impressive as the rest of the meal, it was a great lunch and otherwise would have gotten 4 stars from me. One of these days we'll make it there for dinner...Went here on a Saturday night based on other Yelp reviews and found it to be very disappointing in both food and service.  Like other reviewers I did find the dining room to be a bit loud and hard to carry on conversation in at a normal tone of voice. The decor is very cruise ship esque. After being seated it took the waiter several minutes before he stopped by only to tell he would be back with waters later on. When he did arrive and give us the menu it took 5-10 minutes before stopping again and did not tell us about any specials or recommendations. We ordered the spicy calamari, squid ink pasta, a bologense pasta, and the special which was a blackened sea bass. A complimentary bread basket was given to us- the bread was warm , however it seemed like it had been microwaved based on the texture of the bread and the olive oil it was served with had literally no taste. The spicy calamari app came out immediately- it was ok if a bit rubbery.  We then waited for close to 45 minutes before the waiter came back to ask if we wanted our entrees served. The bolognese pasta tasted as if it had come out of a chef Boyardee can. The squid ink pasta was marginally better and had a some brininess to it. Finally the fish was the best of the 3 dishes but it was completely overcooked.  I would recommend anybody considering this restaurant to think about alternatives.This place is fabulous! Some of my favorite dishes are  - the scallops from the raw bar , fish tacos , and their fabulous desserts . I love going here  on Saturday night for the music & dancing . I also had my bridal shower here - they are fabulous! Everyone loves it here that I have brought. The decor , service , bar staff are just perfect !Food was creamy buttery lot of options for Veggies and non veggies. Delicious but needed some different flavour blends. They have valet as well as street parking available. On weekend nights they have Dj music and dance too.Great service and great time.I just celebrated my birthday at positano coast with 40 of my friends. Marianna was an absolute pleasure to work with. it isn't the easiest planning a party for so many people, but she made it very smooth for me and put my mind at ease. the service was perfect; delicious food was constantly replenished, drinks were constantly filled. the dj played music as requested and made sure everyone was on the dance floor. i come here frequently for drinks, but they definitely proved to me that they can accomodate large parties! everyone left happy, especially the birthday girl! :)Went here yesterday and I'm absolutely surprised that everyone's ratings for this restaurant are this good.
I give it to them, the food is so good you want to personally head to the kitchen and thank the chef. The decor is also pretty cute.
BUT, and this is a biiiig butt (pun intended, pardon my French) the staff at this restaurant are disrespectful. They slam the plates unto the table like I just ordered a plate of fries at a street side truck equipped with plastic chair seating. Every waiter with no exception slammed our plates down. Then, they don't remove appetizer plates when your entree arrives, they don't refill your water when they pass by with a jug.
Second, we sat down at 9, ordered and after we had the appetizers it took a full 40 minutes for our food to arrive. The waiter casually told us it was because the "party over there just got their food" - not sure how that explains things. Restaurants like this are designed so the kitchen can handle the exact same seats outside. Shameful.
When I asked the waiter if he'd take a picture of my boyfriend and I (this was a special occasion dinner). He said he had to do something else and passed by us four times before we left pretending he didn't see us.
I felt so disrespected coming here that I felt compelled to revise my check and remove the tip. I had never ever done this in my life. How very disappointing with a place that has food this good. If I'm paying as much money as I would at a restaurant at the Palm in Dubai, and I go to a restaurant under the name of a famous chef, and the decor is fitting of a five-star restaurant, I expect the experience to live up to it. I hate to crash everyone's party here but you have to bear these factors into consideration.Oh, Positano Coast, what a love-hate relationship we have!  The first time I ever stepped on the mock-Mediterranean floors of this wine bar & restaurant was 8 years ago after having visited a bar in Old City.  A few of my guys friends and I were with a few female friends from college.  At the time, the young women were overly excited to be there, and we weren't into wine (mostly beer-- not even the good stuff). We lamented the feeling of pretense that accompanies the place, but it was an informative experience at the least. 
Fast forward to today.  I love wine. I love relaxing. I love forgetting that I'm in the city.  This is one of my favorite places for a nice date, for a decent glass of wine, and to escape the drunken frattiness of Old City.  Their cocktail list is fairly good, but it seems geared toward those with a sweet tooth.  The wine list has changed a few times since I've first gone (they used to serve wine with peaches-- maybe seasonal?), but it's still formidable even if pricey.  The food is okay.  I had a birthday dinner there last year, and it wasn't memorable or bad-- just okay.  [Aside: they do have decent oysters. If you're not interested in being shoved into the tiny Samson Oyster House near 15th and Sansom, this is a decent alternative.]  
What really makes this place special is the ambiance.  The restaurant is on the second floor of a little complex and on somewhat of an island because of the way the streets converge at that point.  The interior is heavily geared toward the idea of Mediterranean Italy. There are large photo-murals of Italy's coast, lots of Mediterranean tile, a seating area on the north side of the restaurant that has small couches and draped cloth as dividers, and there is an area with larger couches in the back.  Once you're here for five or ten minutes you completely forget that it's Philadelphia.  You don't think it's the Mediterranean, so take that for what it's worth. 
After having felt out of place nearly a decade ago, I have come to terms with Positano Coast. It definitely has a place in Philadelphia's drinks/dining/nightlife.  While it is pricey and pretentious at times, it's a relaxing spot that offers some good food and drink choices. I would love to see them keep the veranda/patio area open instead of closing it off to parties so much-- it's a huge selling point for visiting, and I can't give it five stars until that happens.