Good beer selection, knowledgeable staff. Had I not ordered food here it would have an enjoyable experience. Some how received undercooked inedible Fries, one well done burger and one burger medium rare.... both burgers were served on buns that felt straight out of the refrigerator, slightly hard and cold. If you're drunk the foods good, don't eat it sober, plus add in service that was lackluster at best. We couldn't even eat the food and left it untouched. We told the the bartender no we didn't want it and what was wrong with it. Charged us full price.Nice, old school space with a long bar. It reminded me of some places I've been out west, which might be a little strange in the heart of Philadelphia. 
Not too loud at all - conversations were easy and a lot of the patrons were doing just that. There's a jukebox, so maybe it cranks up later in the evening. We were there pretty early. 
Great service from several people working behind the bar. 
Several beers on tap including a local CCCCC IPA, which was solid. Not many wines, though.
Small menu but very good food. The elote (corn) is quite good, as was the cucumber(?) salad. But the brat plate was the star. Wonderful brat, German potato salad, sauerkraut, pretzel and a hot salsa/relish. Best brat plate ever. Served on a cool wood board.
Prohibition is located in or near a somewhat dicey neighborhood, at least to this non-resident's eye. I may very well be wrong about that. We had to walk a trashy, pissy street past what seemed like skid row coming from the hotel on Race St. If it was later at night we might have chosen not to walk back.Great food. Awesome beer selection. Found this place by accident, definitely worth it. Can't remember the name of the burger I had, but it was topped with pork roll, onions and a fried egg.If you're going to a show at the Union Transfer / Underground Arts / Electric Factory, then this bar is in a nice location for a couple of beers and food. I don't think I would make a trip across town to come and drink here, but I would definitely stop by again before a show.
Food: 
Menu is a small selection of typical bar food, but with what little they have, they do it well and tastefully. The brat plate was a nice, filling $15 deal if you want a little bit of everything. Fish & chips came out freshly fried and piping hot. Definitely several notches higher than your average bar food.
Drinks: 
Beer centric, but it's not like you can't get wine and cocktails...just noticeably limited.
Space: 
Cozy, so it can get crowded pretty easily -- not really a place to hang out all night.I have never had a bad meal here. Their special burgers have been killer. I still dream about the burger with egg and truffle oil. Great juke box and friendly staff.I really like it at this bar. I wish I lived closer because it is a great bar to hang out with friends or even for a simple date night.
The beer is good and there is always a lot on tap as well as in bottles. There food is surprisingly good too. The french fries are killer shoestring fries, their mac and cheese is pretty good, and the fried green beans are great!
I did not like the polenta fries, but the rest of the food made up for it.
I would recommend getting a bunch of apps and splitting them, which is what I've done with friends.Really cool bar with a nice staff and awesome ambiance.
I live nearby and it's my go to neighborhood spot. It can easily get to be a pricey experience if you aren't careful, but you get what you pay for! The quality and variety of the beers are great. They come in a range of prices, strengths, and styles from breweries all over! The prices aren't even that bad when compared to how much these beers would cost at a "classy" place in center city.
The food is great too! I'm a big fan of the burger and fries.My review is from a Sat brunch visit. I've never been at night so it could be quite good as a bar to frequent.
That said their breakfast was OK, nothing to write home about - in fact there's a cafe right across the street (cafe lift) and I would argue they have a much more tasty brunch option. That said this place definitely has great options for watching games and seating with groups at a bar.Feeling compelled to write this review laying in bed, dreaming about the Pro Tap Burger - what every other burger out there wants to be when it grows up. I don't love this burger just because it's literally a block away from me - I would walk 500 miles to fall down at Pro Taps door for this burger. I am also a HUGE fan of brioche buns. Fries are covered in a garlicky herb situation unlike any you've had before. Do yourself a favor and skip your kids recital, blow off that friend you've been playing phone tag with for weeks... but don't bring your friend who's all like "are these gluten free vegan fries?"... get some of their seriously awesome beers, a burger, maybe start off w some of their mac and cheese? I'm just sayin.....Went for Sunday brunch. Arrived a little after 11 and the place was empty. Service was friendly and helpful. Prices on food were good, but drink prices were a little high. Definitely cheaper in Old City. Anyway, the food was great. Fresh and hot and huge portions; neither of us could come close to finishing. Only food complaint was the bacon was way under cooked; needs to be crisper.
By the time we left, the place had started to fill up, so get there early for a spot. Definitely will return.When my bf and I looked at the rating for this place I thought, wow how come we've never gone there? Then, we finally visited Prohibition Taproom: it is a true beer place! No wonder -- I'm not a beer person.
But the experience was good. From my point of view, it looked like heaven for the beer-and-sports people. 
I liked the vibe and service, so I'm givin' it 4!I don't always go to Prohibition Taproom, but when I do:
1 - I will probably just have a Yards Brawler, b/c I'm not a huge beer drinker and I know I like Brawler
2 - I might try another British style beer
3 - I will ALWAYS order the beer battered green beans, b/c they are light, refreshing, and I don't feel like I'm being too unhealthy
4 - I will complain about the loudness; the small room acoustics are seriously out of control once it starts to fill up (and it is almost always full).
Honestly, we would probably go here more but it's just a bit out of our way as far as local places.  But when we're going to the Troc or seeing a show at Arts Underground then we always make Prohibition a stop.  Nice, accommodating staff, nice, clean decor and nice food. Dig it!Four stars for decor and craft beer selection. Two stars for food. This place does shine like a diamond in the rough. I'm not too familiar with Philly, but the bar flanked parts of Chinatown and seemed to be in a part of town that was a bit rough-around-the -edges, so finding this cool spot in such a unlikely locale made it ever more of a sweet find. From the vintage sign outside to the wrought iron mustang carved enclosures that meet you at the front entrance, a subtlely hip James Dean appeal imbued the Prohibition.  The vibe, beer, and service did not disappoint, so I expected their grub to live up. I was excited to see their pickle plate as an app and ordered it on a whim. Luscious looking carrots and cocktail onions and green beans came out on an equally verdant and zesty looking bed of fresh lettuce, but after my second bite I realized that looks can be deceiving. Let's just say this app tasted more like a vinegar plate than a pickled veg plate.  The veggie sandwich tasted overly seasoned and a few bites in, I couldn't even finish it.  I almost would have rather they served a Boca Burger and least gotten something somewhat tasty for my money. And then a quarter of the way through our sandwich, a slightly off cook (the head cook?) came out from the kitchen and kept offering the bartenders food, only to be turned down. And they seemed annoyed by her persistence. Weird. The whole situation was odd and made me wish I had only stopped at the Prohibition for a drink and gone somewhere else for food.MMMMMMMM.
The place is slowly starting to get more crowded, but I'm enjoying my slightly empty sunday dinners.  Really great service, the people there know their stuff and I've seen them guide people through picking a beer and food.
Their daily burger and grilled cheese specials are awesome and they've just added some new items like tortillas and salsa that are really good too. Brunch is rather new too.... but good! Love it here.I came here to eat after moving my boyfriend into his apartment. I love the interior and the vibe was friendly and active. Lots of people at 11 pm on a Saturday night, although they came in waves. I was afraid their kitchen would be closed but I'm so glad it wasn't! I ordered the beef sandwich and it came in a reasonable amount of time. The sandwich was a respectable size and quite delicious. Their fries are to die for!!! Shoestring with just the right texture and amount of salt. 
My bf and his family were drinking, and I was impressed with how friendly the bar staff was. They were more than happy to explain to us their beer selection and gave us samples often! They were always attentive, despite the busy hour, and our drinks were quickly replenished. I would gladly come here again.Love this place for 3 reasons:
Delicious food:
-Highly recommend the beer battered green beans and the pub burger with tomato jam. They cook the burger perfectly!!
Diverse drink menu:
-Beers are always awesome, and there is enough to choose from. But I wanna talk about the Bloody Mary... ohhhhhhh... SO good!!! I live so close to this place, and I'm usually there on Sundays recovering my hangover with a TASTY bloody mary!! GET IT!
The staff:
-One word: Hipster. But of course the cool ones. Always super friendly and assist you right away. 
PS. You don't even have to ask for a glass of water. They will bring it to you. classy!Had a really good sandwich here once, and a damn good burger here another time. I've always been impressed with their tap list, and can always find something new to drink here. Bartenders and servers seem really nice.
It's dimly lit but doesn't feel like a dive... it's too hip for that. I haven't spent enough time here to give it a real honest assessment, but I like what I've seen so far.When Waitress came to take drink order, I commented that I like  light beer, she immediately responded with "we don't have light beer". I asked her what she would recommend on tap since "I like light beer". She came across as very rude. Later, when I placed my food order, I asked if they had sour cream, and again, I got a very rude response. The food is actually pretty good, despite the service. The place is very cozy and a nice atmosphere. I would probably come back just hopefully won't get the same waitress. If you are with a large group, just a heads up, they won't split the bill and they will only take up to 5 credit cards to pay the bill.  Very inconvenient especially since it's 2016! Really, you can't separate the bills?Excellent choice and quality of potables, edibles. Appealing service and decor. Usually busy as hell, but it should be. 
My only real problem is the noise. It's often busy, and I often can't understand someone three feet from me. Noise alone would lose one star, but the obstacle it poses to socializing is a two star penalty.I was visiting Philadelphia from out of town and staying at the nearby Hampton Inn, and looked up this place on Yelp. With a name like the Prohibition Taproom, and based on a couple of other reviews, I thought they might have good cocktails -- but I was mistaken! My friend's drink -- a rum punch -- was so strong she had to ask them to put more juice in it; and either I'm an alcoholic or they forgot to put any bourbon in my old-fashioned. However, the food was GREAT and once we switched to beer, we were very impressed with their selection of awesome local brews. The bartenders were friendly and accommodating and there was a relaxed, congenial vibe to the place. The one thing to be aware of, though, is that it *is* in a very industrial, out-of-the-way spot -- the desk clerk at the hotel advised us to "not look like tourists or like we were lost" while walking there.I would have to say that I've visited Prohibition a couple times in the last week and have been impressed. The food is great and they have an excellent selection of local beer.Stopped by just after noon to find that we were restricted to the brunch menu. Good news was that the brunch menu contained so more traditional lunch items as well as other tasty, hearty fare. Burger was fine. Braised shortrib with egg over polenta was tasty.i live a block away from this place, yet took nearly a year to venture that long block to what may be my favorite bar in the city. 
the bar is pretty low key, rarely very full, and a decent place to bring friends or a date. the noise level is acceptable with a great jukebox and, in the few times i've been there, douchebros have been minimally invasive. there was one night that some guy was trying to read a book and some dudes were being total assholes right behind him. i mean, it is a bar, so i don't know why anyone would be trying to read there, but these guys were exceptionally annoying. that was an isolated incident, though.
now, i didn't drink beer regularly until a few months ago (i don't really like any of the shitty beers that typically populate college parties, so i'd usually just try and get drunk off of vodka or gin), so i don't know how qualified i am to judge the beer selection. from what i've seen at other bars, prohibition's beer list isn't super extensive, but there's a good variety of beers both on tap and in bottles. the bartenders are nice, attentive, cool folks who know what they're talking about way more than i do.
now, the food is nothing out of the ordinary, but damn it's good. i don't like green beans so i haven't had those beer battered things everyone's having conniptions over. the polenta fries are absolutely perfect: spicy, salty, fried crispy on the outside and velvety on the inside. the aioli that comes along with it makes me want to cry just thinking about how FUCKING GOOD it is. the wings are banging, too: good size, tender meat, extra saucy and a 4/5 on the heat level. i had a burger once, and it was decent, but i won't be having it again.
it's very reasonably priced with most beers on tap being 5 or so dollars. the food is a little more expensive than usual for bar food, but definitely worth it.
and that sign just tops it off. five stars.went on a saturday afternoon. the first ones there. when empty it kinda gives off a vfw vibe. that's fine with me. service was good. prices aren't bad. good selection of draft and hand pump beers. beer battered green beans are excellent. i'd definitely go back, but not before i save some money drinking at my favorites dives.the 4 stars are for the bar and decor - awesome beer selection ALWAYS, fantastic staff and uber cool decor. 
the food, though, definitely leaves something to be desired. i don't think i'm in the majority here, but eh - pass on the food. the only exception being the fried string beans. those are AWESOME. most def get those. perfect complement to a perfect beer. 
fantastic for happy hour or drinks. or for a first date.I'm surprised at myself for only picking 3 stars - I'm usually an enthusiastic reviewer. I wanted to try this place's root beer float, after reading about it in one of the local alternative weeklies. Yes, it was in a strange place - an area I never go to, but not too difficult to find. The bright "bar" sign really helped! And the room was cool - large, dark and candlelit, huge bar, nice wooden decor. So, it could have been quite cozy. 
I was with two friends who wanted some food, so we grabbed an empty table. My root beer float was excellent, but they are difficult to mess up! (I suggest adding a shot of vanilla vodka to "grow it up" for you. Yum!) My friend's fries were great, and everyone seemed happy with the food - Shepherd's pie and a grilled cheese sandwich. The server was pretty efficient, always checking to see if we needed more drinks and food. We didn't have to wonder where he was, at all. 
Why the 3 stars, you ask? Well, I was seated at a table and trying to talk to my friends, one of them across from me and one next to me. We had a very difficult time hearing each other, due to the deafening sound levels. The jukebox was okay, but just added to the high-decibel din. Too much! I was shouting at them and missing half of what they said. Most of our conversation consisted of "what?" I felt like when I left, it would be like when you left a concert - still shouting at each other with a raw voice. It might be good for dinner, due to the good food and atmosphere - I'm not sure - but Saturday night at 9:30-12:00 is too loud for me.I love this super low key bar in my neighborhood. The staff is quick and attentive. The atmosphere is dark and has a lounge like feel. It is the hipster the hang out for the neighborhood, so expect some great beers on tap. 
Definitely my neighborhood go to bar. Try the burger. It is one of my cravings.Oh, how I miss the city! Being able to walk from our hotel to Prohibition was pretty awesome, even if there were a few sketchy corners along the way. Once inside, we took in the serpentine bar and packed tables with some difficulty (it was quite dark) and luckily found seats right away; by the time we left, over an hour later, people were standing three deep all around the bar. 
We started out sitting at one of the bar islands, directly across from three strangers; this might appeal to some extreme extroverts, but it was a little awkward for us. They paid us no attention and had a very loud conversation (trendy vocal-fry girls -- ugh) so we tried to return the favor, but they were hard to ignore, so when true bar seats opened up we scooted over and left them to their workplace gripes.
The drink menu is pretty wonderful; awesome draft / bottle selection, in addition to a handful of craft cocktails. We stuck to beer and were not disappointed; the bartender, once he saw what we liked, offered us a couple of samples and was able to continue making us happy through several more rounds. 
We weren't dinner-hungry, but wanted to try the battered green beans since so many had raved about them. They were pretty disappointing; the beans were overcooked and stringy, and the batter stuck together in huge lumps -- it was more like a battered green bean sculpture. We ate about half and left the rest. Next we tried the fried pretzel, which was good, though not exactly pretzel-like, since it had been deep-fried instead of soda-boiled. The accompanying queso was delicious, but there was only one small ramekin, so we ate most of the pretzel plain.
It turned out there had been quite a party a few hours earlier, as the first friday of every month is a pig roast. It sounded intriguing, but our server didn't know any of the details -- where, how and for what amount of time it was cooked, for instance -- so we didn't try it.
We would definitely return for the beer, and to try one of their standbys like the burger or the brick chicken.Good beer. Small but pleasantly funky menu. Did not dig the walk along 13th to get here.Amazing. Burgers and Mac and cheese were everything. Ambiance was laid back and relaxing as well.Great beer selection and hands down the best vegetarian cheesesteak I've had so far! Mushrooms were cooked perfectly with a gooey cheese sauce and a crunchy on-the-outside with sweet and chewy inside roll. 
Stopped here on impulse after a show at Underground Arts and will definitely be back after the next show we see. Glad to see a quality place that keeps the kitchen open a little later. The vibe inside was really comfy also. Plus I always get excited when I see a cask ale on tap.Good place to grab a quick bite or drink before a show at Union Transfer.
From the limited amount that I was able to try off the menu, I can certainly say that the food is tasty.  You've probably got a safe bet with most of the items available.  The beer and drinks list is quite extensive as well, so you will have little worry finding something you like.  It was fairly packed, but the food came out really quickly.Not only is Prohibition good for interesting brews and great food, you can go and hear new albums months before they come out. Yep, one of the bartenders is a music editor and plays all her favorite new picks at the bar, you can preview an album way before you decide to buy it! Just another reason to love the Pro-Tap.Two words: steak frites. So friggin good. And so is the chicken sandwich and the burger and the brunch. I haven't really gone wrong here yet, but I swing in specifically for the steak frites.
The staff is hit or miss. Some are incredibly friendly and others are too absorbed in personal conversations to worry about service. I'd give 5 stars if the service was more spot-on.Great sour beers and beer options. Fun vinyl dj nights. Food is good overall- when I went they had a grilled cheese of the week or night which was fun. Knowledgeable friendly bar staff.Food was OK but the serivce at the bar is horrible the girl took forever to take the order I'm staring her I'm the face like I'm ready and she act like she didn't see anyone...then when I was waiting on the bill she took forever I was ready to just walk out... the lady had the WORST attitude..like give me a smile at least she didn't teller her name like when go to a normal spot...first and last timeI've been to Prohibition a few times since my one star review, and I'm sad to say I've had nothing but disappointment here. 
We stopped for brunch one day and it took 45 minutes to get our food.  When it came out, it was cold. Not once did the server apologize, so when the check came I paid and asked to speak to a manager.  Turns out the server was the manager. She was nice enough to refund the money back to my card, and offer a free round of drinks on our next visit.  We haven't been back to cash in on those drinks, and this happened months and months ago.
My previous experiences were just as disappointing.
I wish I could like you, Prohibition, but I've given up.Great first experience! I love that this place has a neighborhood bar feel, but with a hipness to it. We came for dinner on Friday night, and our cravings for comfort food were satisfied!
We had to wait a bit until a spot at the bar opened, but we were greeted right away while we stood by the doorway. We ended up eating at the bar too, which was fine with us! We were nestled by the window at the end of the bar, very cozy! Even though we were at the end of the bar, the bartender was very attentive and nice.
They have a nice beer selection which my boyfriend enjoyed! My interest was mostly in the food (of course) so we started with the cheese plate! 
I thought the size of the plate was appropriate for the price, and I enjoyed all of the cheeses. One of the grainy mustards was delicious! The other mustard is more of a Worcestershire sauce which cleared my sinuses, so beware! I also enjoyed the pickled veggies served with the platter, and the bread was to die for! Toasted and lightly buttered.
I was totally pleased with my dinner plate, the Caesar salad with fried chicken! The chicken was so tender and had a sweetness to it. The food definitely exceeded my expectations when dining at a pub. 
Overall, a great place to grab a drink and snack, or full on dinner! It was nice for a date as well, however it was a bit loud with the music and actual bar crowd that made its way in as the night went on.Staff are great, the bar is a mixed crowd of hipsters, locals, local office workers. Beer selection is always changing and interesting and the menu is very good. Also the bar is "bro-free", long may it continue.We had a very positive experience at the Taproom on a Friday night.  We were rolling in with a large group (approx. 12 people).  No reservations here and it was initially hard to find space.  There never ended up being enough table space available for more than maybe 4 people, but somehow we ended up etching out an area almost big enough at the bar.  The service was wonderful.  The bartenders got us all beers within minutes of us entering and remained friendly and attentive throughout the night.  The beer battered green beans ARE delicious.  (Thank you Yelpers for the recommendation.)  My friend and I split the pulled pork and the grilled cheese special, which on this evening was a brie and broccoli rabe combo.  Both were very tasty and everyone seemed quite pleased with their meals.  The fries and salad as a side are extremely tasty too.  The beer list is pretty good, though it by no means can compete with the heavy duty beer bars around the city.  There were a couple beers on special for $4 (Coronado wit?) but most beers were regularly listed at $5-$7.  This is OK, but I usually like there to be a cheaper option beer if possible after having a few $5.50 drafts or whatever...  Anyway, that's a fairly minor complaint in a generally positive experience.  This place deserves a very solid 4 stars.The beer-battered green beans alone are worth the trip-- we had to get another order to satisfy our need for deliciousness.
Great beer list, very cool decor, awesome drinks including a dee-lish punch served in a glass boot.
I took off a star for the bland (though very high-quality) ale mussels.  The broth was lame, and the bread they served it with had that gas broiled taste...  Given how good everything else was, I think this was an outlier...I freaking love this place. The food and drinks are alway top notch.  The jukebox has amazing tunes and the service is fun, friendly and I just want to take them home.  They rock.  Don't miss out. Go here and tip well they deserve it.Decided to go out of the usual loop of restaurants in center city, olde city, south philly, norther liberties and hit up the Prohibition Taproom with some friends. It was definitely worth the 10 minute walk from the train station. The burger and fries were better than the average and the beer selection was outstanding. Good place to enjoy conversation over a small meal or drinks.Prohibition is probably the place I have frequented most in the city. I lived in that area for a year and Prohibition is like a golden treasure some leprechaun must have dropped on his way to other parts of the city. 
I mean, really, that is such a shady street. I know, I lived on it. Thank you Prohibition for being a haven in bumble-fu¢k Philadelphia. 
The Fried Green Beans are amazing. And the Grilled Cheese specials which change every week. Oh and the amazing burger specials. Did I leave out the macaroni?
They have a consistently changing draught list which is where I have found some of my favorite obscure beers.
I can't leave out the fact that the wait staff is one of the best I've encountered in the city. They are over-the-top friendly to the point where they get to know people's names. This is 2010; I barely know my aunt's name. Good job, Prohibition.Great place..happy hour 5-7 pm .. 
Hummus delicious... French onion soup"the best"! Very friendly environmentGreat bar!  Great beers! Ashley the bartender was awesome!!! She was very helpful. The banana bread pudding was ok.Absolutely delicious. First off, there were endless choices of appetizers and you can't go wrong with any of them. Filling and awesome! Then the entrees were even better - from the steak frites to the fried chicken. Has a full bar and everything. And it's right in the neighborhoods a little away from the downtown area of Philly.A really great neighborhood bar that's great for a lot of different things. I've been here for dinner (the food, especially the fried chicken sandwich and burger is excellent), brunch, and drinks with friends (excellent beer selection) and it's been a hit every time. I like that the atmosphere is casual but not overly so. If you're in the area it's definitely worth checking out.It's a bar, it's old, it's laid out funny with parts of the bar not reachable by the bartenders.  And there are tables, and it seems there is room for more tables.  It was Friday night and it was pleasantly crowded.  And the crowd was pleasant, mostly 22 to 30 year olds, until I hauled my old ass up to a stool.  A list of specials and draft beers hanging over the bar on a blackboard, were in addition to the beer and food menus.
I had a cask hand pumped Hoppy lil Hudson, a very good English IPA from Yards.  There was a real nice selection to chose from.  We started with the battered and fried string beans.  Someone here said they could eat them all night, I agree.  We had a cauliflower with coconut curry cream, a super side dish we dubbed as an app and cleaned the plate
The grilled cheese of the day was Jack cheese with truffle mashed potatoes ON the sandwich, my dog it was excellent, especially when the server suggested we add bacon to it.  The other choice was the brined pork sandwich.  It was so good and a nice kick to it.  The bread pudding for dessert just topped off this very special find in a semi-deserted neighborhood on north 13th Street.
I love finding places like this, thanks to my YELP friends. :-)This place wasn't nearly as awesome as it was cracked up to be. Maybe I get my hopes up WAY too high. The ambiance itself is alright, I guess it's "20's style" but I'm not too sure about that. The bar is awkward... we sat jutted out into the middle where the waitress couldn't really even talk to us!!! However, the beer was tasty, and strong, and priced right. I would return again, but I'm not that sold on it.It was a great pub! There was a decent selection of beers, including some local brews. The cheesesteak was tasty and Christmas chicken was surprisingly good. Plenty of seating inside, with fast and attentive service. Overall, it was a good pick for a stay in Philly.The service is excellent; they are incredibly attentive to their patrons seated at tables). They have an extensive bottle list (tons of beers, plus 2 ciders), and several on tap beers. The food is decent and came out fast, but I only had appetizers not a full dinner. On Saturday night, tables are only for dining. The atmosphere is very cozy, but it's very loud inside. It's in a sketchy neighborhood, but it's well worth it. I will definitely be going back!!!Great beer selection, food and very friendly staff.  
Had an engaging conversation with the GM (Matt?) who was a very cool dude.  Gave me the history of the place and telling me what was good to order.  Made the experience even better.  
I ordered their 'Donkey Cheesesteak' which was a special.  This was superb and a great twist on the Philly Cheesesteak.  I paired this with a Philly Gose beer and it was one of the best meals I had in Philly.
I highly recommend checking this place out.Great locals bar with great burgers.  
It's a nice spot to hit up for lunch on a lazy Sunday and grab a beer and burger.This is my type of bar.
Everything from the tap list, to the shared apps, to the music was Excellent. The servers seemed a bit "resistant" at first, but after they warmed up to us I realized they were just hipsters and slightly introverted. That's fine with me, and works perfectly with the vibe.
Only knock is that the neighborhood seems slightly sketchy.. But being in town for business I guess I can't really say. Most of Philly seemed slightly sketch! Would absolutely return.What a diamond in the rough!! Seriously - neighboring streets are a tad rough. Who cares? They have grilled cheese specials!!!! SPECIALS of melty cheesy goodness!!
Got one of these well-spoken cheesy melty treats on Sunday.  ho-ly. SO yummy. Melted brie, arugula, and pickled onions served on sourdough. craving this again already. Served with fries and a delish mixed green salad with balsamic.  Also got a burger with bleu cheese and bacon. Cooked just the way it was ordered. Great comfort food. 
Beers: This place is legit. Nice list- forever changing.  
Service- awesome. Everyone is so friendly and down to earth. No stuffy bartenders here. 
Fun Fact- on Sunday is BYOV. Bring your own vinyl night. Good tunes ahead!Ive been here a few times and generally always like the feel of the place.  It's a good neighborhood bar with character.
Tonight I was a bit amazed by the service, or lack of it.  I arrived with a buddy for drinks and dinner, and arrived hungry.  When we sat at the bar, the bartender, one of about 5 people behind the bar working, came over and finally took our order for a drink.  We finished our drinks and wondered if they'd ask about food.  Instead someone eventually asked if we wanted another drink.  I had to suggest they take our food order which they said "OK, you know what you want?"  So we ordered.  
The food was great.  The drinks were great.  It was a while between times of my first drink being empty and my 2nd drink offer.  We were surrounded by staff that ignored us, essentially.  They were friendly overall, don't get me wrong, but they couldve encouraged us to stay longer.  When we finally asked for the bill, I saw that my friends cocktail was covered by happy hour, though my beer wasnt, from the first round.  Happy hour, huh, no one mentioned it even.  I feel like a good staff wouldnt ignore you and they would let you know there's a happy hour offer.
It's OK, all was OK.  Just weird when staff is aloof... when it's less than busy in a place.  You'd expect they would be more attentive and sell more food/drink.  (shrug).This place was pretty good, the decor inside is super simple but with an odd bar that has little jutted out sections which is neat. Other than that, and the large wooden bar, its simply tables and chairs and totally unassuming. It seems like the type of place that anyone can go to and feel comfortable at. 
I just stopped in for one beer and a snack, (I mostly just wanted to try the fried green beans everyone had been talking about) and I'm glad I did! I had pliny the elder on draught for 6 bucks, and it was worth every penny. There's a good reason it's in beer advocate's top 10 in the list of best beers. My boyfriend got the sierra nevada belgian trippel, it was good as well.
And yeah, the fried green beans were AMAZING. So good, I could eat 50 more plates of it. 
The staff were super friendly as well. 
The only thing that bothered me was so many things on the chalkboard that touted what draught and bottle selection they had, were misspelled... haha. Sierra Navada Belgian Tripple... it made me giggle, not a big deal though. Definitely didn't put a damper on the experience.I heart this place- so please stop going there if you are super loud and annoying, you heard me!
Prohibition on a Monday-Wednesday night is so nice, you don't have to worry about finding a seat because there are plenty. The bartenders are incredibly nice and remember your face. Fridays and Saturdays it seems littered with young fools who forgot what inside voice is- yea I'm old, get off my lawn!
Sundays is bring your own vinyl which is cool, I'm searching for the worst thrift store album I can find just to put them to the test, haha. In due time....
The food is always on, with a late night kitchen open to 1am, and awesome specials I always find myself nomnomnoming on something delicious.
The neighborhood is kind of sketch so bike or drive there-walking seems like a good idea if you want someone to drag you into a dumpster.
Overall, I'm happy to have this as one of my local haunts. And the best thing about it, it doesn't reek of old mildewy floors or piss littered bathrooms- they keep it clean and that's quite the task in filthadelphia.Great beer choices, quite a variety, but I was a little thrown off by the good reviews.  I think it's because we went later on a Saturday night - the place was packed, and it took the bar staff forever to acknowledge us, even after we got two seats at the bar (this was quite the wait).  Beers were expensive - and they were only 10 oz.
Also, we walked there from Market St., which probably wasn't the best idea.  Granted, I really wouldn't recommend the place on a Saturday night, but if you do decide to go, take a cab, and go early to ensure a bar seat.Chill spot for hipsters and an okay happy hour for drinks, prices were affordable. We didn't get appetizers for happy hour, just a brownie sundae dessert which was super rich. If you're looking for a hipster spot and that's your scene, this place works.To skip the glitter and hearts and overall massive crowds that are Valentines day, Prohibition was my pick of the night for a calm meal. Not only was the setting ideal for kicking back and relaxing, but it was delicious to boot. My favorite was the special appetizer (think fried provolone with goat cheese and caramelized onions) and my boy's burger (egg, Gorgonzola, m.rare) was also tasty. I had a hankering for comfort food, so I went with the mac&cheese, which, was nothing special, but hit the spot. 
Service was great..beer options were plentiful...yeah, I'll come back.This update is dedicated to the PTR burger. It  Its technically the first of my burger reviews -  prior to deciding that its time to work my way through every phila taproom burger i can find.
This unusual take on the burger works: its served with an egg, truffle oil, gruere & arugula on a french roll. Not your usual burger combo, but really unique flavor. Hope they make it a staple. $10.
Burgerlicious rating = 7iiiiiiiiiiiii love this bar. I've only been here a few times, twice to pregame while waiting for a table at Cafe Lift, and once to postgame brunch at Cafe Lift and ended up staying for several hours. 
Haven't had the pleasure of trying the food yet but it's definitely on my list. The bartender dude is super friendly and helpful. One of those people that knows when to leave you the fuck alone but is also more than willing to engage in witty banter. 
The beers on tap are all unique and range from low to high %, and the staff knows how to recommend a winner based on your personal taste. 
I just really like the vibe here, it's hard to put into words exactly what I mean. The kind of place that it's easy to lose track of time in. Gotta come here yourself and I'm sure you'll see what I mean!I would go to Prohibition Taproom for the staff alone. They're friendly, personal and authentic. They don't do the fake smile and bother customers like a lot wait staff in other joints. The atmosphere is hella good. Relaxed. Chillaxed. It's the kind of place you can see yourself hanging out in. The bartender's a rad guy who likes to add his own personal twist to drinks, and is totally cool with it if you're not happy. Luckily, I loved his idiosyncratic drinks. As for the food, I keep getting the burgers which come with fries. They make some fry sauce which I can't remember the name of but tastes good and gives you killer bad breath. It's probably not the best condiment if you're on a date. 
Better yet, they have a jukebox. It's just one more way to control your experience. Good food, good music, what more could you ask for?I never order a burger at a restaurant, unless it's some place like Village Whiskey or PYT and the like. HOWEVER, I did last night.
Check it:
-arugula
-gruyere
-fried egg
-truffle oil
How  could you NOT order that burger? It was ridiculous. Messy, but worth it.
Other reasons Prohibition rules:
-good beer (obv)
-great music (if you're an avid reader of mine, you'll note that this is a recurring theme)
-somewhat close to my apt.
The end.Fantastic service, great beer selection and the food was Amazing. I had the humus plate to start, then the special pork belly ramen bowl. Not something you would expect but the bartender recommended it and he was 100% spot on.  This is my new  "must go" place in Philly. May end up back there tonight!!I stopped in here recently with some friends after a Yelp Elite Event.
The vibe in this place is awesome. It has a great dive bar feel and isn't too fussy and not too "hipstery." The layout ensures plenty of bar seating. The bartender we had was efficient and friendly, and there was a great rotating beer selection.
The one thing that really stands out is the food. The lamb grilled cheese in particular was life-changing. I will return just because of that. 
The prices were a little bit on the higher end, but that's to be expected for the high quality of food and beverages served here.Love this place!  Prohibition Taproom is my new favorite after-work casual dinner spot. They have an awesome beer selection with plenty of new options all the time. And I'm not sure if this is a regular happy hour special, but sometimes all of their draft beers are $4. Which is a steal, considering the selection.  I got to try Clown Shoes Muffin Top-- Belgian strong ale, 10% abv, really how could you resist trying based on that name!  $4!  and it was delicious!
Their food has also been consistently good. I'm in love with their beer brined pork loin sandwich!  Serrano chile spread, caramelized onions, aged cheddar, served with jus -- this sandwich is the business (I uploaded a pic)!  Curry mussels were also quite delicious.  Beer battered green beans.  Decent burger.  And many of their $4 happy hour food specials have been good too.  I always leave here with a happy stomach.
The only item I had here that I did not enjoy was the fried chick peas. They had no texture and tasted like nothing.  They kinda just disintegrated when you ate them... it was weird.
Service is always very friendly, prompt and efficient. The waitresses can make recommends and always with a smile.  There was one time that our servers had a mix-up and neither was coming over because they both thought the other had our table. After about 20 minutes of sitting there and waiting, we went to the bar to get our own drinks, and finally flagged a waitress down and asked to order food.  She took our order, and then after talking with the other waitress, both of them came over separately to personally and very sincerely apologize about the mix-up.  They also offered us desserts or a round of drinks on the house to make up for it.  Mistakes happen but it's how they are handled that make the difference!  And the service here is fantastic.  Even with the mix-up, we somehow ended up liking this place more.  Everyone here is so nice.
I've heard that this place gets pretty packed sometimes on Friday/Saturday nights but every time I've gone so far I've been able to get a seat.My first experience with the Prohibition Taproom was my housemate Jonny telling me that messed up his drink order and that he was not impressed. Despite that, I wanted to try out this new place.
Before I even walked in, I was greeted by an awesome sign pointing out the business. It's a simple neon red sign that tersely states "BAR." I like it a lot. Once inside, I was loving the atmosphere. The bar is really great, as you can kind of see in this picture. It runs the length of the room, but also has a few peninsulas. The result is that you can sit at the bar and be across from whoever you are with, which is a great feature.
As far as beer goes, PT does not disappoint. There are about ten beers on draft. Further, the choices represent a well thought out variety of brews. PT also supplies a nice bottle list as a supplement. I had the Dogfish Head Aprihop and Brooklyn Brewery Blunderbuss and enjoyed both beers.
I can seriously recommend to anyone to go to Prohibition Taproom for one reason: deep-fried green beans. This phenomenal appetizer is a great way to start your meal and comes with a nice aioli. The rest of the food was average. Between Lana, J.Mal, and myself, we ordered two burgers and a grilled cheese, and these three dishes were fine, nothing more. I was happy to be full, but the main dishes are the lowest point of the experience.
Friday night this place got a little crazy, with a crowd from art museum area and plenty of "bros." Don't make this your Friday or Saturday night hangout spot.
Bottom Line: I like this new place. It has good atmosphere, beer, and one excellent appetizer. Prohibition Taproom has made it onto my list of bars to regularly visit. The biggest downside are the hours. No lunch, no brunch, and the bar opens at 4pm.Great food, great beer, completely awful service.
I've had decent experiences here in the past. The food is good and on par with the rest of the Philly gastropub scene. On a cold night in winter, the french onion soup is downright therapeutic. The beer selection is large and they always have multiple great brews on tap.
Why am I giving this place two stars? Its staff. My girl and I came early on a Saturday evening, placed an order at the bar, and were straight-up ignored. Twenty minutes later, I saw our bartender at the end of the bar obliviously sipping on a drink. Useless. Maybe the management sent all of their first stringers up to help Bufad get up and running. I'll be steering clear until they get their house in order.Place is nice but a little pricey.. service a little slow too but the food was pretty good l.Was there for a benefit.  My second visit.  Great food.  Great beer.  Horrible staff.  My first visit was with an almost empty bar.  Hipster staff too busy talking to each other to wait on us.  This time, waiter actually asked my wife to leave the table she was seated at next to me after she ordered food because "they need that table for someone else".  Really?  So we squeeze four people onto a two top?  Another customer was more important than this paying customer?  I am appreciative of the owners generosity to charitable causes and the use of their establishment for these functions.  Their food and drink is first rate.  But, quite honestly, your staff creates a bad, bad experience.  I can find the same thing elsewhere without the poor treatment.Worst place to have brunch. I went there with a group of four. It took them at least an hour to bring us our food, and everyone's dish was cold by the time to arrived. We ordered four different dishes but they all had the same I ingredients, just arranged differently. I had to ask them three time about an order of French-toast. It came out after we received the check.  Needless to say we are never going back nor recommend this place.Thought this place was great. Had the pickled veggies along with the deviled eggs. Was great!! MH wife had the green beans and potato skins and the potato skins were phenomenal. Would recommend this place. Don't be scared of the neighborhood. Trust me its worth it.Philadelphia, you are incredibly fortunate to have this place as an available option. While in town for the convention, we kind of stumbled on this place. The staff was exceptionally accommodating, the prices are very reasonable, and we were incredibly fortunate to get a chance to talk with the chef. It is clear that Chef Val truly loves what he does. Do yourself a favor -- try a sampling of the small plates along with your meal. Chef Val puts a lot of love and extra effort in his prep.Walking down the street to where the Prohibition Taproom is located, I was reminded of the movie Judgement Night, which starred Emilio Estevez and his crew of suburbanite friends who after witnessing a murder, proceed to get stalked down the darkest alleyways of the inner-city. As I approached building, I wondered when I was going to see a trashcan fire, to make the scene complete. 
All of my uneasiness was quickly washed away, however, within minutes of walking inside. The two bartenders (who's names escape me, due to the admirable way they made our drinks) were excellent, and went often out of their way to make a good time out of a slow night.
Prohibition Taproom is a great off-the-beaten-path bar that can easily find it's way onto your list of bars that you like to frequent in the city.Boy is this place ever swell. 
First and foremost the service is top notch. And I don't give away good service reviews all that often (which you can read for yourself, that's the point here, right?) Whatever recruiting process they adhere to works splendidly because all the waitstaff are not only attentive and accurate but somehow terribly 'talented' (read: easy on the eyes.)
Second, the craft beer selection is a nice mix of local and well traveled and the the list is up-to-date even telling you what is coming up next. From high to low gravity with excellent descriptions included. And a fully stocked wet bar for the non-beer drinkers as well.
Third, the food has never been a miss in the two fistfuls of times I've eaten there. Deep-fried green beans: check! Meats and veggies: check! (Pulled pork, burgers and wings are all delish, and made to perfection. Plus a beet salad that is enough for a meal.) Market price grilled cheese: are  you kidding? Hell yes, check! (I didn't even know cheese fluctuated, but anyone with that much respect for cheese is ok in my book.)
Lastly, it may seem to be on a road less traveled but to me this is one of its highlights. It's therefore appropriately named and also, well, less traveled, if you catch my drift. A+Ascended broad to venture north of vine with the only companion I trusted would be willing to do so to give this place a try for happy hour a few nights ago. Two broads on broad. 
If you and/or your companion are as entertaining as me and/or tinasaurus you might just walk a block or two too far north. Eeks. 
This place is the one with the giant neon arrow enclosing the word "BAR" outside. 
The bar is long with plenty of seats and intermittent bar out-pouchings. These bar tentacles allow you to sit at the bar but also face your companion. Interesting and pivotal innovation. 
On this particular occasion we elected to be conventional and sat at the regular bar. We were provided menus. I had to ask specifically for a happy hour menu to receive one, somewhat manipulative imo. 
The happy hour prices are good. I believe $7 gets you the one happy hour cocktail they're offering. For my visit it was a brandy beverage. Dark liquors scream subsequent nausea to me so I usually pass. Luckily there were about 4 $4 beers on the happy hour menu. 
The most appealing choice was the Oktoberfest offering. Unfortunately they had not received the shipment yet. This begs the question of why on God's earth they would put this on the happy hour menu if it was not in their possession. 
Second best option was the nitro. My patience was tested while I waited for that shit to settle. Tinasaurus ordered a cider off the regular menu.  
The growling from the depths of our bowels indicated it was time to order food. (when is it not, tho?) Happy hour menu has some interesting and enticing options. We ultimately went with the hummus with veggies and flatbread (for health reasons) and fries (for emotional reasons). 
So the hummus is served with a black bean/garlic sauce on top, cucumbers, pickled carrots and some other shit including two giant green balls that may either be olives or grapes. I'm going to real here, as hummus' #1 fan, I was very disappointed in this. It just wasn't that good. It didn't taste much like genuine hummus. That black sauce on top was weird. Texture wasn't as smooth as it should be. I guess if you're looking for the real stuff it would be better to head over to dizengoff or zahav.
Fries, on the other hand, spectacular. One of the best I've had in memory. Thin AF, crispy and they didn't get lazy with the seasoning.  Fries accompanied by this delicious garlic creamy white sauce. Tina ate the shit out of it. I chose to alternate between that, ketchup, and sriracha dollops. 
Drink menu on the regular menu has tons of options. For my second beverage I chose this peach blueberry or some other fruit combo beer. Delicious. 
We did have to wait a hot minute for service even though we were legit sitting right in front of the face of the bartender. Bartender was nice though. 
I was also eyeing the mac and cheese some people sitting at the end of one of the bar tentacles ordered. The food here looks legit af, I would definitely come back to try some of their other stuff.truth.  the fried green beans alone are worth the drive into philly.  i had french onion soup which was spectacular.  my sister in law had some chicken bowl thing the size of china which she inhaled in 4 seconds.  even my brother didn't complain, and trust me, if there is something to complain about you'll know.
good service and excellent food.  you seriously can't go wrong here unless you are unlucky enough not to find an available seat :)Ok I gues I am late to the dance again, never will be a first or probably a elite rater either!  So went the other day or on a slow day. First I hope this place makes it in the long run. I never been there on a saturday or friday night maybe thats went the big crowd keeps them going.
I got the pulled pork pretty good sandwhich, first came out HOT nice!
Fries were warm but alittle too salty, combined with sandwhich too salty. Please cut down on use of salt. Other than that everything else was groovie(lol). Bartenders were friendly and beer selection very good. Place also seemed clear too a plus. Probably go again.Awesome spot for breakfast lunch OR dinner. For dinner - they have my favorite hummus plate in Philly. For brunch - the egg sandwich is to die for! And of course, beer wise, they have always have a very solid selection.We stopped by here for a bite before a show at Underground Arts and were pleasantly surprised! It was super crowded, but the bartender got me a tasty beer quickly and we managed to get seats at the bar without too long of a wait. The food was delicious and the portions were huge. We will definitely be coming back next time we're in town for a show.preconcert stop for beer and dinner. solid beer selection, but minus one star because when my friend and i walked in, the hostess sat us at an open two-top table and then immediately another staffmember asked us to get up because the table was actually for other people. ummm, what? we ARE ordering food.  then they asked us not to order food at the bar because they would get us a table. actually, i'm not an idiot, and i know that means you (server) want the tip. thankfully, the bartenders were attentive and quick, so i was happily sipping something while we waited approx 15 mins for a different table.
still, major uncool points for the mistake.
serrano spread on the pork sandwich was delicious. but the sandwich was a lot larger than i pictured, and i couldnt finish it. didnt want to let a doggy bag cramp my style at the concert after, so the rest went to waste :(
overall, good. it would have been cool to comp something small for the trouble of having us sit down, and then again get up.
final note: definitely get the green beans!So my wife and I came here with high expectations based on reviews on yelp and from word of mouth...First impression upon walking in is that the place, although in a very obscure area, is really cool looking.  The bar was great and the decor fit the name.  Per multiple reviews, we tried the green beans, which were actually pretty good...With that in mind, we are excited for our meals...Based on recommendations from the waitress, I ordered the chile sauce wings and my wife ordered the Crab cake risotto, again, based on her recommendation.  She was wrong...Look...Im usually not very picky, but why try to reinvent the wing???  I've had many wings from many different places and these are definitely on the lower spectrum of taste.  The chile sauce...was more like a chile pate that I could have put on my italian hoagie...it was basically chile seeds coated on a buffalo wing...It was both weird and disrespectful to wings!  One positive about the wings is that they were big...but they came out kind of soggy and most of the bones were broken, which makes them difficult to eat...and dangerous for your teeth/choking hazard. Ultimately, the wings were a total dud...
       Now for my wife's crab risotto...First and foremost...LAY OFF THE SALT!!!  Wow...way too much.  The concept of binding a crab cake with risotto sounded both interesting and delicious, but the cake had little flavor, except for the obvious dowsing of salt.  In addition to the crab being flavorless, the cole slaw that came with it was worse that ive ever had and the bed of french fries that the crab cakes sat on were under cooked and bland...Again...this meal was a total dud and 15 dollars to boot!  Money wasted.
   Perhaps we came on a bad night...maybe we picked the wrong food to eat, but my impression is of a place with a burgeoning reputation as the Prohibition Taproom, that all of your food should be at least edible.  We've been to Royal Tavern, SPTR, Sidecar, etc...all very similar places, and the meals are consistently good or better...I'd have a very hard time coming back here for food, but I gave it three stars bc the place is a cool bar, with great atmosphere, and good beer.  I wouldn't come here for the food.The place is the truth, and sadly I only go here before concerts at Union Transfer so I do not go enough. Before concerts, the atmosphere is great. It is crowded, but not packed. You can easily get drinks and grab food (which is delicious by the way), and hang out with your friends. Just an overall great scene.
A food recommendation: the pork sandwich is one of the best pork sandwiches in the city. Absolutely a must-get.-Our bartender/waiter was super friendly! Took time to have beer talk with us... Really liked this! 
-Good beer selection--BF was super excited that they even had Goose Island Bourbon County on tap!
-Menu was fun... BF had the kielbasa and pierogies...kielbasa (only one) was flavorful. . Wish there was more than one. .pierogies were overcooked. ..I had the fried chicken. .ehhh.. It was ok, but not too flavorful. . I'll pass on this next time and try the grilled cheese special next time.
-I liked the ambiance. .dim lighting but good bar feel. .. Good music coming from the old time jukebox...
-We'll be back!French onion soup = delish. 
Crab and shrimp soup = delish. 
Hummus = delish. 
Messed up my order initially but was fixed quickly and much to our benefit since they let us finish the wrong dish, which was delicious! 
Bar tender was extremely friendly and quite the expert at mixing a cocktail. The beer selection was also fantastic.
All in all this is a fantastic neighborhood bar with a great atmosphere and awesome food. Come for the drinks, eat some food, then stay for the fun!I have mixed feelings about this place. I like the vibe, but it always seems to disappoint.
The service is friendly but not fast. After I sat at the bar, several bartenders saw me and continued to interact among themselves. I was about to leave when I was given a menu, so I ordered a beer and then some brunch.
It should not take 20 minutes to get a frittata, but when it arrived it was hot, so I put the delay down to the place being busy. It happens. Being steaming hot, however, was part of the problem - it was the asparagus frittata with salad, but the salad was served ON TOP, rendering it soggy from the steam from the eggs. It was sort of like when you order a takeout burger and fries and they put the fries in a styrofoam container with the hot meat. Limp. Worse, there was no point in putting the salad on top, as it added no flavor, and the frittata was so underseasoned (eggs with no salt or pepper?) that it just added to the overall blandness. It was, however, generously sized and the eggs were properly cooked, not rubbery at all. After removing the flaccid greens and salting and peppering it, it was pretty good.
Are disastrous ideas like this a product of the cooking show culture, where everyone is trying to make dishes creative without regard to conception or execution?
In any case, the beers are well selected and drawn, and there are ample seats at the bar, which is appreciated when dining single. 
I have eaten here twice, but next time I'll just have an excellent and well priced beer and enjoy the atmosphere.Everything from the décor to the drink selection to the food is simple, yet extremely well done. The staff is very friendly and attentive. There's also some older punk and ska on the jukebox. All around a great experience.Good atmosphere and good choice selection but service was okay. I really don't like it when people behind the bar just stare at me and wait for me to say something. A greeting goes a long way people!You may need a nose ring to work here, but you definitely don't need one to enjoy yourself. 
Sidebar: I'm not sure if this is a regular occurrence - I really hope it is - but, the servers/bartenders had some sort of food/beer challenge going on. . Basically, two staffers make up a beer or food combo and the selections are pitted against each other on the special board. It seems the only rule is that the first person to sell out their item wins. So, if you go and, all of a sudden, "final countdown" is, out of nowhere, blaring over the speakers and someone is dancing around with an empty keg over their head like it's the Stanley Cup, you'll know what's going on. 
The food and beer is excellent. My girlfriend and I had "competing" burgers... I'm not sure exactly who won... her's did have fried pickles. It's hard to beat fried pickles. We also tried the Asian BBQ wings... mmm very tasty. 
I'm looking forward to going back very soon - but, I probably won't pick Friday happy-hour next time... cause it was pretty damn packed.This review is pretty biased because I was here with a bunch of great people and no doubt would have had an awesome time no matter what. Although the selection was extensive, very few beers appealed to me, so I spent most of the night loading up on reds. Due to a proliferation of vegetarians, I order the hummus platter at one point; it was pretty lousy and remained mostly untouched. Next time I intend to thumb the herbivores and order a nice juicy burger which, while on the small side, looked pretty tasty. 
Service was friendly and prompt. Happy hour specials were decent.
Not that I'd deduct a star for it, but the biggest con for me was that by the time we were done, there were no more horse-drawn carriages out front.Went two days ago and the bartender was extremely rude. Left without having anything to drink or eat as a result. Went to The Institution a couple blocks away and they were extremely nice! If you have a similar experience I'd recommend going there as an alternativeNot a huge place, but a very lively atmosphere that made it feel like a happening spot nonetheless. My burger was great, and I liked crispy, seasoned, shoestring fries. Good beer selection just as everyone has previously said
Very nice staff, but it was very busy so they couldn't be as attentive as they probably would have liked.Great bar with a good crowd of people. Well actually, I witnessed a bro fight there, but I'm assuming that was a one-time thing?
Anyways, I will be back soon to try some food!I'm not sure how I've passed by Prohibition Taproom so many times before and never stopped in. Last Friday night my friend's birthday party prompted my first visit. My experience was for drinks only, but other members of the party had food and seemed to enjoy themselves. 
The bar was hopping. The bar seats were occupied, most of the tables were full and people were standing in just about every open space. With so many bodies in not too huge of a space it did get pretty hot. Once another group of people left it got a little better. 
I don't recall if there was music or not as the place was pretty loud with conversation. All in all, the vibe of the place was good so I don't really care if there was music in the background. 
I thought the beer list was pretty eclectic. Feeling adventurous, I had sampled my first Nitro Boulder Mojo Risin'. I've never heard of it before but was glad I tried it. 
I look forward to returning and diving into the food menu.Out the gate... Grace, Jalisa, Peyton and Jake fucking rock. Go tip the fuck out of them.
This place has a nice beer list, decent whiskey options and I dig the shit out of ProTap's beet salad. 
I love beets. I'm a fucking beet whore. Theirs is loaded with them.
Who doesn't need more salty and savory in their life? Bacon fat popcorn. Case closed. Oh, and the pickled veggies are fantastic.
Liquids, solids, staff... everything is on point up in this piece.We stopped in for a beer after dinner. It was my first time at Prohibition Taproom and I was really impressed with this place. A great selection of craft beers on tap and fantastic vibe to the room. The bartender was also extremely knowledgeable about the selections of draft. I can't wait to go back and try the food, it looked really good.Amazing! VERY CONVENIENT if you are going to a show at Union Transfer. My husband and I stumbled across this gem this evening and could not have been happier. Great prices on drinks... Entrees can get a little pricey but if you stick to appetizers/snacks it's pretty cheap. We had a few drinks each +soft pretzel & beer cheese and Angry Shrimp. Both were delicious. The atmosphere was friendly and accommodating. Definitely will be back in the future!!!Great beer, great interior and exterior. Looks like a pretty shady place from outside which is what you want, I also liked the music selection inside. I came here on a Sunday night and it was really chill. Great beer selection for bottles, wish there were more on tap. The menu at first didn't seem all that great, but there were a lot of specials above the bar that wasn't mentioned to me! I didn't realize it until it was too late, I totally would have gotten something else. Only because I'm on a one night layover in Philly, and only because the food on the special menu sounded awesome, I will give it three stars, but what I ordered was definitely not good, sad to say. I really wanted to like this place more.
Do NOT get the mussels with frites. Frites came served directly on the mussels, a few minutes in they were all soggy. I wasn't a fan of the aioli dipping sauce. Also, about half of my mussells had no meat in them, and the ones that did had little meat and were way over cooked. The broth was good as long as I didn't get bites of the chopped garlic and onions, which tasted burnt. Also there was no bread to dip into the broth. The cocktail it got as well had whiskey in it, and it pretty much just tasted like straight up whiskey, I couldn't even taste anything else, I think I would have been better off just getting it on the rocks.
I could just be spoiled. Places in Indy like The Libertine or Black Market have amazing mussels and frites, and the other prohibition bars I've been to have all had extremely gourmet cocktails as well. Again I really want to like this place and it was probably my fault for ordering the wrong thing, but seriously, if this place makes better cocktails and advertises their specials better, it could be a hit.Over a year later, I still give this place 5 stars. This is based on 15+ visits. This may seem excessive, but it is the #1 option near my new home, and it is a REALLY good one.
The green beans, the burgers, the BRUNCH, oh my gosh, the brunch. The daily specials which are always different, exciting, and reasonable. I love the constantly changing beer selection, and most of all, I really like the people that come here. This place attracts a great crowd, and please, let's keep it that way!One of my favorite bars in Philly! Got brunch here, housecakes with bacon, spinach, and cheese. Delicious! The cakes reminded me of a biscuit and they were perfect with just a little bit of syrup. The food here is always terrific. Recommend the pork sandwich. Beers are good, not the largest variety but always some great choices. Ambience is super chill, only 1 tv. Decor is simple too. Also, plenty of places outside to lock your bike. Will be back soon and looking forward to trying brunch at their sister spot, cafe lift.Stopped by for some late night beers after a birthday dinner. It's a really chill spot for drinks, but it was almost SO chill I fell asleep. Good draft beer list, and huge bar with lots of seats. I wish the tables opened up for those who just wanted to drink, but they are reserved for restaurant patrons. I can't fault them for that because even at 11pm, there was still lots of folks eating.Outside seating was great. Nice and quiet corner.Waitress was very passive while ordering the food. The food wasn't completely the best . Ordered artichoke dip for appetizer and it tasted like cheese fondue . I had Avocado  BLT for dinner and  it left a bad taste in my mouth. Probably wouldn't return .Prohibition Taproom is a super neat place, with great beers on tap, a very cool curvy bar, and an awesome juke box. What's not to like? They also have a great menu with a daily grilled cheese special.
The Saturday night I was in featured jack and blue cheese with sliced pears and toasted pecans on sourdough bread. It was melty and not overly cheese and while I was skeptical about jack with blue, it won me over. And it came with a side of greens! I've also always loved the bartenders here - friendly and helpful and knowledgeable and calm and full of smiles. They food and great service definitely bumped this place up a star!Crab hush puppies are a brilliant idea!  So so tasty with a great sweet and spicy dipping sauce, a tasty BLT with thick cut bacon and tomatillos, and the pork sandwich is awesome.  The only thing I wasn't completely crazy about was the mac and cheese, it was a little bland.  A very enjoyable time, the waiter was really enthusiastic!I think at this point, if it's a bar in Philadelphia, and it has the word "Taproom" in its name, I'm probably going to love it--so far I'm three for three.
We tried out the Prohibition Taproom last night looking for a place to send off my out-of-town vegan friend who loves beer and doesn't enjoy drinking anything else, and I'm glad we did! She loved the Flemish red ale that she tried, and the rest of us all were able to pick some delicious selections from a wide-reaching tap list and a nicely sized bottle list. Also, when late night stomachs started growling, the hummus and pita, piping hot and very tasty, saved the day.
Our waitress was very friendly, it wasn't hard at all to grab a table for five, no one bothered us about drinking slowly and hanging out, the bathrooms were pretty clean for a bar, there was a jukebox with interesting choices and the music wasn't too loud, and it was really nice, dim lighting, and low key atmosphere (probably because it is a little out of the way for most, but that is part of the charm, I think). We'd definitely come back, with visiting friends, or not.Prohibition is a great local spot.   When I want to go out for a beer and some food, this is always my first pick.  They have a fantastic selection of beers and their food is too good (I always eat too much).  It's not particularly healthy, but it's impossible to stay away.  And the staff is always super-friendly.  No matter how crowded it is, it's always easy to get service.  Writing this makes me want to go there for lunch today....Incredible environment. Best burger I've ever had and an amazing resonably priced draft selection.Came in on Friday night without reservations at 8pm before a show at the Union Transfer.  The place was packed to the gills, but a server came up to us within 5 minutes and asked us if we wanted to put our names on a list to get a table.  Figuring that it would be the best thing to do so even if we left, we did.  He said it would be about 45 minutes.  A couple of sips into our first beer at the bar they called our name for a two top.
We got seated and looked over the menu which was pretty straight forward.  We ended up getting the Mac and Cheese which was a healthy portion made with maybe a white cheddar, the green beans which might have been the best dish, and the garlic fries.  People around us ordered the burger which looked good to.  The green beans were fresh, seemed liked they were picked that day, lightly battered and still came out crunchy, not mushy.  The fries were shoestring and a bit on the soggy side.  Both those sides came with a good garlic aoili sauce.  
A mediocre selection of craft beer where nothing at the time really stood out for me, but then again I'm a fan of belgian beers and they were moreso concentrated on the American IPA.  That night they had a good American IPA that was a probhibition tab room collaboration with yards.
Street parking is the way to go in that neighborhood.  Next time I'm headed to a show at the UT I wouldn't hesitate grabbing a drink there, but might opt out of the dinner.  One of the few places to go in that neighborhood, but not a bad spot to pregame.Great spot for a pre-show drink if you're hitting Union Transfer.  Great, low lit bar with great craft beer and (from how the menu read and packed status) good food.  The bar service was good and if I'm in the area I'll definitely hit this spot again.  I'm barely ever in this area but this will be my go-to spot when I am.I live a couple blocks from here and it's one of my favorite places to stop for a drink and dinner. Their mac & cheese is amazing. Friendly staff and good atmosphere.Nice vibe, interesting tables and bar, good upscale bar food...the food specials are usually what I end up getting, they vary daily but tend to be better than the menu staples.My fiance and I met a group of friends at the Prohibition Taproom this past weekend.  We were a bit apprehensive before we went in, as the block is a bit seedy looking.  We had a large group, so finding seating was a bit difficult, but there was enough space at the bar so we all just piled in.
My friend and I ordered the pulled pork and veggie sandwich and ate half of each.  The pulled pork sandwich was o.k., but the vegetable sandwich still has my mouth watering.  It was absolutely delicious!  The bread was out-of-this-world, and the grilled vegetables combined with aoili was so delicious, and substantial, that I was completely satisfied.  My friend James had the grilled cheese of the day, which was brie and something else (which I was strongly debating as well) and said it was excellent.
Their beer selection was incredible, food was delicious, I highly recommend!BF and I come here for the following reasons:
- GREAT food and GREAT beer selections (hard to find a neighborhood bar with food/drinks being equal). More on food later.
- Cool atmostphere- It is a dimly lit bar with plenty of seats at the bar and maybe 10 tables. It is not the best place to go if you are looking for a quite and bright atmostphere. It's a fairly small place so it can get crowded during dinner time.  Service is always friendly and attentive.
- LOCATION- right in the loft district where there aren't many bars in the vicinity and right by the orange SEPTA line if you are looking to meet up with friends. 
FOOD:
We've had everything from appetizers (you must try the Polenta Fries and Green Beans), Sandwiches (Pulled Pork is always hot and juicy and Pub Burgers), Salads (I like the Chicken Paillard) and the Crab/Shrimp Riscotto Cake. Prices are VERY reasonable..
DRINK:
With so many beer (on tap and bottles), liquor, and wine selections, there's something for everyone. They have a great happy hour (m-f 4-7?).
It's a neighborhood gem for a quick bite, after work drink or simply a night cap.I've ordered Prohibition Taproom's steak frites multiple times, but today when I ordered take out, upon opening the box at home I noticed that the steak they gave me was SIGNIFICANTLY smaller than when I've ordered previously. I called them and they said that this steak frites was a 5oz cut (smaller than my palm,) but in the past the cuts have been much larger. She implied that their cuts continuously change, but when I looked online after calling there was no description on how many ounces the steak was. Just very disappointing considering the lack of information and inconsistency of the dish. 
Their food is good but I won't be ordering the steak frites again.Great selection of beers (a little too many IPA's on draft for my taste but the bottle selection makes up for it). The food is excellent, we I had Eggs Lancaster with scrapple which was quite good. The seating space is great and you can usually find seating.Draft list is great and the service is always good. It is a basic, average bar but sometimes that is all you want: a place to get a beer and some comfort food before you start your night off in earnest. The layout to me is a bit weird, when it gets packed it feels like you are always in the way, but the crowd is always cool so it isn't a big issue. Overall if someone asked me to recommend a place in the neighborhood I would suggest this in a heartbeat.The craft beer and appetizers are always good here. It's a great spot to come to hang out with friends at a decent price.Solid establishment I would visit again. 
Pros:  Extensive beer list with rotating drafts. Cool vibe with the lighting, solid wood tables and retro bar stools.  Grilled cheese and burger specials were good.  Bread for the grilled cheese was perfect texture to support the cheese.  
Cons:  very loud - hard to have a conversation. They could  do well with some acoustic tiles on the ceiling.  When I first arrived and sat at a table I was told I could not be seated without my full party being present.  They were due any minute and there were lots of empty tables.  I was told they need to keep it open just in case a large party shows up.  Well they aren't here and I am so do you want my business or not?  I almost left but glad I did not after I got the guy to agree I would move if the 
"unknown large group" showed up before my friends.  I am sure others would have left so you may want to rethink that approach.  The place was still not full when I left two hours later.Amazing Brick Chicken w Grits & smokey greens.  A lot of herbs!!  One of the best dishes ever!  Great staff & cool people in neighborhood to talk with.  Chocolate Porter was my dessert.  Very creamy.  Rich behind bar was very knowledgable.  Highly recommend!A group of my co-workers and their significant other walked here after a wedding at nearby Chinatown.
We did not get in to the laundry mat because we were a large group. 
On the walk we saw a very sleepy guy. He was so sleepy he slept right on the corner of the street. He could have easily slept on a stairs/entrance to one of the abandoned building. And we also met a fur vendor under the overpass. 
When we got to the Taproom is very a nice, low key bar. We were there around 1am so there was not that many people. The jukebox has an eclectic choice to play. The beer selection is beyond the typical bud and miller lite the media thinks we should drink.
I salute this place.
We liked this place so much we went to Café lift as well.Loved it. If (when, really) I eat there for a full dinner I bet I'll bump it up to five stars.
The boyfriend and I headed to Prohibition Taproom right after work for happy hour because we heard it was come early or good luck getting a seat. From 5-7pm Monday-Friday they do $1 off drafts. I had the Tropic Thunder from Boulder, CO and it was 10% but very drinkable. This combination equals awesome in my beer book. The boyfriend had the Hoppy Lil Hudson and on cask and then switched to the Tropic Thunder for his second because it was just that good.
We sat at the bar and the staff was cool and attentive. We shared the beer battered green beans with roasted garlic aioli, which is a delicious and huge appetizer. Not to mention it doubles as a way to get in your daily quota of veggies.
Note for first timers: They have a policy that if you sit at a table you have to order food. I believe appetizers count though.What a cool place! This is the kind of bar that you dream up when everybody goes through the fantasy of wanting to own a bar. 
The general feel of the place is quite casual, but in a way that's simultaneously classy as well. When I went there they had some Christmas lights strung about and some candles lit on each of the small tables; good ambiance. The bar has table-like extensions that jut out which makes it very easy to carry on an intimate conversation with 3 or 4 people while still sitting at the bar (instead of the typical yelling-across-people method I employ at other bars).
I haven't tried the food just yet, but the draft list is really good, tons of variety and a lot of newbies for me.Fast tracking to my favorite list, this joint has character written all over it. Literally on the walls. The place was originally recommended by a friend visiting from out of town. She had lived nearby last year and really got to love the place. On my second stop here I brought one of my musician friends to Bring Your Own Vinyl Sunday, which happens to get you a sweet 20% off discount. Jake always seems to be there on Sundays, so expect him to take wonderful care of your wax when he takes it up to be played. And Amy was an absolute riot when we were there. Definitely worth a stop. And more than once.The late night kitchen is so perfect for an after party spot. N solid drinks round it out.I love this place, because of the laid back environment and beer list. They have a great beer list!
The last time I was there I tried the fried green beans. Delicious and unique. I've also had the Pork Bahn Mi. That was also really tasty. Their food menu is a random conglomeration of different types of foods. It's very unexpected, but very well thought out. 
Good vibes, great beer and food, the reason I will continue to frequent this place.Amazing tap list! After trying and failing to snag one of the Stone Enjoy By September IPAs in Orange County and San Diego before they ran out, I came back to Philly and found the Enjoy by February here.  Needless to say I was ecstatic.great bar with a great beer selection and great food. their special grilled cheeses and burgers are amazing. bartenders/waitresses are all very friendly. first time we walked into the bar, the bartender immediately greeted us and welcomed us to the neighborhood. the bar design is pretty cool too with the islands jutting out.We actually stumbled into this place after realizing that Cafe Lift had a 45+ minute wait, and it wasn't the best brunch experience, but don't think that's their niche and not fair to write them off just on the brunch experience.
You walk into a fairly large square room, with a bar that runs across the back wall, tables across the front wall, and open space in the middle.  The bar is pretty cool, as it has two peninsulas that jut out, enabling a group to sit and face each other, as opposed to down a line at the bar.  Service for that could be quite annoying, as it requires the bartenders/servers to either slide the food/drinks down, or step around the bar and deliver it.  When you walk in, there's a broken jukebox directly in front of you, which I think is intentional.  The bar itself is a bit dark, but they have cool lightbulb lights hanging above the tables and bar.
Service was a bit slow, as it seemed there were only two people servicing the entire bar/restaurant at 11:30am, but it tripled by noon.  We sat at the bar, towards the end, and the bartended gave us menus and water.  Everyone we encountered with was pleasant, and they definitely seemed busy.
They have a fairly extensive beer list (draft and bottles), as well as breakfast drinks - I got a bloody mary and it was fine...nothing crazy and fairly standard.
Hudson Cakes - these were simple pancakes with a scrambled eggs and spinach mixture inside, and it was pretty good - the dish attacks your sweet and savory tastebuds, which is always nice.  There wasn't much to the actual dish, as the pancakes were pretty bland, but again, the simple sweet & savory profile of the dish made it tasty.
Veggie Cuban - other Yelper mention this was good, but I thought it was too salty/tangy...the pickle and the dijon dressing definitely overpower the entire sandwich.  The portobello mushroom isn't a thick patty, it's actually quite the opposite - it's a small sliver that you can barely taste, and it was a bit stringy/chewy.  Personally, I'd stay away.
I'm a sucker for biscuits and this one was completely undercooked and doughy...not a fan at all.
Overall, I don't think I'd come back for brunch, but the service was nice and I'd come back to check out the beer list.  They have two TVs, neither of which were turned on, but if they play any games, it'd be a good spot to have some beers and watch some sports.I feel like I stumbled on a neighborhood secret walking into Sunday brunch here. The vibe at Pro Tap is laid back cool. A tad hipsta but what great brunch place isn't nowadays?
We needed 3 things: carb items for my daughter, eggs and sausage for my son, area proximity due to party proceeding...ok maybe four...bloody marys...always a requirement.
We were greeted with smiles and the wait was nothing (5 mins) compared to other brunch places. Albeit this is a bar but the brunch game is strong my friends.
I definitely recommend getting the Bloody Mary. It's spicy and garnished with homemade pickled veggies. Your choice of vodka.
We ordered a chocolate, caramel donut for the table to try because it was $2 and it was ridiculous. Hot out of the fryer made it crunchy on the outside with a cakey inside and whatever goodness they garnished with was off the plate and devoured within seconds.
Kiddos ordered the chocolate chip pancakes  as well as eggs and sausage. The portions are enormous. The toasted sourdough that comes with egg dishes is superb and you can order as a side. The pile of seasoned fries are a crispy nice addition instead of home fries.
The stunner is the chicken french toast with sunny eggs, kale and cabbage slaw, and peppered maple syrup. The combination of the crunchy kale and cabbage slaw and the saltiness of the fried chicken coupled with the gooey sunnies and peppery sweet maple syrup was insane. I will go back for that lovely dish.
Overall I was really impressed and would recommend!!Prohibition sits right around the corner (so to speak)  from Osteria - which is closed begining of the week during lunch hours (who knew?).
They keep about eight beers on tap that rotate often, per our bartender. Nice selection, good mix. We were on the lunch menu, so no mussels. The burger was outstanding - egg, truffle, gruere & arugula on a french roll. The potatoe fingers salad was a nice mix and generous, but a bit over-oily. French soup - check. Beer battered greenbeans? wow - that's some awesome barfood. 
Good service. The only ding is that they're prices fall on the high side of normal pub fare & beer prices in similar style establishments. Nonetheless, it's worth a visit.Been three times now. Highlight is the beer selection, it's always extremely good. Menu is standard for this sort of place but quality is better then normal. Service is hit or miss.Since I'm such a huge fan of Cafe Lift I was eager to try this place (same owners I believe). It took awhile to flag down a server and get some menus, but it looked like there was only one server around so it wasn't a huge deal. Great beer selection although I was super disappointed to not see The Lost Coast Brewery (the best!!) on tap. I must have been on crack when I read a review claiming they had the Lost Coast Brewery on tap- wishful thinking perhaps- who knows??? Anyways I had the crab cakes (good not awesome) and the other folks I was with had the burgers (once again yummy but not the best they've had). Fries were good, albeit salty. Its hard not to like salty deep fried food with beer.  Speaking of deep fried, our server forgot our fried green beans order, but by the time the food was out we decided not to remind her. The best part- the jukebox- I heard a few of my fave New Order songs and I was a fan. A good place to grab a beer (great selection) and the food was fine but nothing really stood out..Came here after seeing their burger on a 'best burgers in Philly' list. Had to try their signature burger and it definitely lived up to the hype, even by west coast standards.
Cool little bar with a great beer selection on tap. Cool jukebox in the corner and friendly staff.We had 2 tables of 6-7 people each. We ordered food and drinks. At one point they told us we had to give up one table. So some left due to the rudeness and the rest joined the other table. We were still ordering just drinks, but they came and told us we had to give up that table, too. Totally rude service that drives customers away. I highly recommend not ever going here. I know I never will again.Fantastic place for a beer. 
Went on a Sunday, they had turntables, and if you brought your own record to play they took 20% off your tab. 
Great selection of tap beers as well as bottles and a good food menu. 
Highly recommend.This is a great laid back pub with good food (small menu) and a great variety of music. It's a pretty small place which was only noticeable when a large group came in and was rather loud. The small space made the noise unbearable for a dinner on a weeknight but I can see how Prohibition would be a fun spot for an evening out with friends that aren't looking for anything too wild.
The beer options, good music variety and friendly bartender made this place fun for dinner while I was traveling. The food I ordered was good and the beers were tasty as well.Went on a late Monday night ... quiet... however the service was good and food was even better ... I ordered Fried chicken sandwich ... delicious ... even the bun was good ... came with fries enough to share with two people ... I'll certainly be back and try something else on the menu ...Ahhhh, I love this place. But in the "I dont want a lot of people to know how much I love this place because I am afraid they will ruin it for me" kind of way. I daydream about Prohibition on an embarrassingly regular basis. 
The beer selection is amazing and rotating! Yes, please. Fried green beans...if you dont get them, you will regret it for the rest of your life. Burgers, delicious! Jukebox, very fun. The atmosphere is chill and laid back, as is the clientele. It can be a hit or miss with the staff. Typically a hit, but I often find myself sitting at the bar to eat most of the time so I dont stand around looking like an idiot waiting for a server to notice my friends and I to seat us. 
The bartenders are super great. I went last week and one of the girls forgot the fried green beans I ordered and just brought out our entrees. When I asked about the beans, she genuinely apologized, made sure they came out quickly, and then comped them to make up for the mistake. Very cool. 
Prohibition, I dont care how near or far I am from you, I will be back again. And again. And again. Just make sure you never take the fried green beans off the menu. Ok, I'm done talking about them. Yum!My Girlfriend and I stopped by Prohibition Taproom before a show at Union Transfer. It was busy, but we were seated promptly at a table. Our waitress was great and made sure we were taken care of. Being a fan of Yards Brewery I was excited to try the Hoppy Lil' Hudson, and it did not disappoint. There were many other beers listed that looked good as well. We split the Beer Battered Green Beans, Pub Burger, and Grilled Cheese of the day. Everything was so delicious! The menu is on the smaller side, but it seems to work to their advantage since each dish is very well done. 
The neighborhood might look a little sketchy, but it's really not that bad of an area. I definitely will be back for more, hopefully sooner than later!Prohibition is everything I'd look for in a neighborhood bar. Too bad it's not in my neighborhood, but still worth the drive into Philly's "loft district". 
The bartenders and servers here are really nice and I love the peninsula style bar, which makes for a fun setup to catch up with friends and share a brew. I like that the staff knows their beers, which I'd expect from a spot like this that serves some unique microbrews. 
While the beer battered string beans are good, what brings me back is the french onion soup and burger. I love me a good burger and good french onion soup and they deliver on both here.
Don't be thrown off by the location, because it's definitely worth a try!The South Philly sandwich was terrible. It had almost no meat on it and really no evidence of the promised sharp provolone. The pork was very fatty. And it was $14. Complete waste. 
The beer selection was impressive. They should stick to only that. 
Our "server" was awful and didn't check in even once before we were ready for the check. I would have sent my sandwich back but she was busy checking her cell phone under the bar. 
Also, a small thing, but it was uncomfortably warm inside. It was dinner time and the air conditioning was not on or not working well. It is AUGUST. Sure, maybe it was a seasonably cool day outside. But 80+ degrees is not ideal in a closed space with a bunch of people and no breeze.
Make me feel like you care about my business.Great environment, service was excellent. The fish and chips were delicious but a little soggy.So my only complaint about Prohibition Taproom is I once came in on a Monday around 9 or 10 and someone gave my group a hard time about sitting at a table because they need to save them for there dinner crowd.  What dinner crowd do you have that late on a Monday?  That defiantly rub me the wrong way a little but other than that I've had good experience here.  They have a fabulous beer list although a few times I've wanted what's up next.  Those list always get me.This place has gone downhill in a big way. This place is right up the street from my apartment. My boyfriend and I used to go here all the time, the food and drinks were great. Then I started getting sick every time I drank from their taps...that was the start. Then they tried to serve my boyfriend a burger so rare that it was literally seared ground meat...he ordered it medium well. When he talked to the waiter about it the dude argued with us and tried to convince us that's the way it was supposed to be cooked. The steak frites used to be melt in your mouth amazing but the last time I tried that dish it was stringy and chewy and definitely not worth the $17 price. Save your money and go somewhere else. Besides the food going downhill and the dirty taps, the wait staff also have huge hipster egos that only help make place one to avoid.I came here on a Wednesday afternoon and it wasn't busy at all. I ordered the burger and it was delicious. The shoe fries that came with it were amazing. I ordered the sparkling cider which tasted really weird and I didn't like it. Also the brunch specials are only offered Saturday and Sunday.walked in during happy hour and was seated right away. food was delicious but drinks were still a little overpriced in my opinion. loud place but overall met expectations.I'm giving Prohibition Taproom three stars because I've been there several times over the past year, and have found my experience to be, in a word, inconsistent. 
Definitely order the fried green beans because they are the one thing on the menu that consistently delivers. The other menu items are either delicious or mediocre- sometimes the grilled cheese special is quite tasty, other times it is soggy and disappointing. 
When I first went to Prohibition Taproom they had a delicious menu of cocktails, including a very powerful Prohibition Punch. A few months later, they stopped offering these cocktail menus, and I wonder, why did they do this? I mean, you can still order the Punch, but there were some other delicious cocktails on that list, and I don't remember their names or their exact ingredients. 
Finally, the service. Sometimes it's friendly, sometimes not so much. I've been there when they were welcoming of a small group (5-6 of us) and times when they acted like we were horribly inconveniencing them by not all arriving at the exact same time. 
Being able to count on friendly servers and bartenders goes a really long way with me, and it gets on my nerves when a place is inconsistent. It's one thing when you go somewhere where you KNOW the bartenders will likely ignore you, but quite another when you're not sure what you're getting yourself into! Unfortunately in my experience, this is the case with Prohibition Taproom.I can see I'm obviously not the first to find this place, nor the first to think it's wonderful, but I'm so rarely blown over by a bar in gastropub-heavy Philly any more that it bears repeating: It's wonderful.
Being on the service side of the table for many years, I'm extremely sensitive to customer service, and these guys excel at their game. I've had two different bartenders the times I've been (one boy, one girl, both of who offered their names, but for bad memory and potent beers, I can't remember), but each was unobtrusively affable and informative. It's such a pleasure to be at a place where those helping you really seem to care, and aren't just going through the motions of half-smiles and forced pleasantries that make it seem they're doing you the favor of allowing you to tip them. 
You can read the many other posts about the well-curated beer selection, the tasty food and the out of the way (read: comfort zone) location--rest assured that every word is true. The best testament of my love for this place is how far away I live, and how I go out of my way to return time after time. 
There are many other bars that do what Prohibition does, but in many more ways than location, Prohibition Taproom sets itself apart.When I came here for the first time, it was pouring down rain and I wasn't quite sure where it was...thankfully there is a giant red neon sign announcing the BAR. 
Inside, it's dark and cozy, with bare old timey lightbulbs, a long, curvy, attractive bar, and a really good jukebox. I could see myself spending lots of time here. 
Maybe it was the weather, but the place was at a comfortable half-full level on a Saturday evening. Our server was super nice and it kind of felt like we had bumped into a friend who just happened to be taking orders and bringing out beer that night.
The beer list is solid, with a lot of the usual suspects and some rarer options as well - I was happy to see Fuller's London Pride, which might be the all-time most perfect summer beer, and Hobgoblin on the bottle list, and they have a good range of things on draft.
The beer-battered green beans really are as good as Yelp says! We should've ordered more. I've never met a mac n cheese I didn't like, but this one had a gluey texture that put me off a bit. My grilled cheese had delicious roasted fennel and pesto on it, and my friends liked their burgers, veggie and beef. This is all fairly standard nice-bar food, but you can sit down with a beer and a satisfying meal for under $15.An emerald in the dirty sand. 
Hidden on a street corner in a shakey area (bring your mace), barely marked is this jewel. The mussels and bread to dip in the to-die-for sauce are well worth the trip. A limited and pricey menu are burried in your subconcious after sampling this food. The homemade vegan burgers are meaty with veggies and beans. One of the tastiest I have had in the city. The beer selection is just an icing on this delectable cake. With a comfty atmosphere, you can drink and be merry and easily forget yourself, as well as the trip it took to get you there.
Enjoy, but approch with caution.Stopped here before a concert with some friends friday night. Place was nicely packed, but we were able to get seated when we got there. Great selection of local craft beers on draft and bottled. Pro-Tap Burger with fries was amazing! Burger was cooked perfectly and juicy; fries were delicious. Server was very attentive and nice. Will definitely come back when I'm in the area again and try the other beers/food they have to offer!Very cool bar near Barnes Museum and other downtown attractions.  Looks like a dive bar initially but closer inspection reveals very nicely done bar area.  And food is excellent unlike almost any dive bar.   Great selection of beers.came in the other night to grab a beer and some dinner. i was pleased with the shrimp appetizer(happy hour special i believe) and the macaroni and cheese entree(expensive though, 13$) service was good too, personable staff i would say. def would come back....An early celebration of my birthday, spring break starting, and the weekend, we hit up Prohibition for happy hour.  Their tap selection was awesome.  We were also a little hungry but not starved, so we opted to split a couple things.
We got the Beer-battered green beans.  They were lightly breaded and cooked perfectly, still crisp, and served with a garlic aioli.  We devoured that and almost fought over the last one.  We also split a burger with cheddar.  It was also wonderful.  Even the pickle on the plate was perfectly crisp and tasty (I believe they make their pickles there).  We both said we would like to try the pickle platter.
Also love the old-timey photographs on the walls and the neato looking bar and good music playing (Black Keys, yay!)  We will definitely be back!Great bar!  Atmosphere was cool as there was a show at Union Transfer around the block and more than a few people were hanging out before hand.  
The beer list was great, a large number of beers on tap along with a very nice bottle list.  Small menu for food, we just split the pretzel with beer cheese sauce (which was great!), but all the food looked really good.  
Service was great, bartenders always looking for the next customer, happy to answer any and all questions, and none on their phones (I encounter this too many times when a bar is crowded).  On top of this, the physical bar is a very unique shape aimed to utilize as much space as possible and encourage talking to your fellow patrons. Jukebox was also on point.Cool little vibe to this place, sorta bohemian hipsters mixed with young professionals who live in the area.
Draft beer menu underwhelms a bit, a rarely presents a surprise, but the bottle menu is pretty decent.
This tends to be a good place if you want to roll up with 6 buddies and grab a seat at the unusually shaped "L" bar.I took a photo of the menu so I could remember all the toppings on the massive hot dog I ordered here a couple weeks ago.
Let's see. So it was bacon-wrapped with guac, salsa verde, chipotle aioli, and pico de gallo. The menu has also reminded me that it was a "kobe beef jumbo" dog. Sooo basically, it was out of this world. It also came with a heaping portion of fries. There was no way I could finish everything. At all.
It was a special, so I don't know if they have it anymore, but that plate, along with the relaxed vibe of this place and the excellent beer choices (hello Weyerbacher Sunday Morning Stout!), makes me want to return again soon.Must say this place is pretty cool with their bar top layout which you can face your company or other strangers. I loved the vibe of the bartenders, music, nifty juke box and the interesting food options. Did I mention they keep the kitchen open late too which is awesome when downing drinks or their bourbon float. 
So I sadly drinking drink this go around which is strangely weird. Yet I had the fries and the popcorn which were pretty good because why not serve fries with garlic mayo Or drip popcorn in fat. They certainly have my stamp of approval for food which is kinda pricey on the entrées, but when drinking there isn't a limit on eating. 
I will certainly come back and have a bourbon ice cream float next time and a few beers also. So 4-stars for now based on vibes and food and I'm sure it'll jump to 5-stars once I try their drinks.Stopped here for Sunday brunch - my friend wanted a Bloody Mary.  I chose the chorizo and cheddar pancakes and it was surprisingly different and delicious.  On top was a dollop of guacamole and it was a perfect pairing.  Shout out to the DJ, Malcolm Poindexter III !!  Great mood from the great music.  Live DJ on Sunday morning?!  Yes.ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE!!!!! My friends and I went her for brunch of Saturday and we were appalled by the service. We walked in looking to grab a drink and a quick brunch and we had exactly the opposite of that. The Hostess who seated us was a very nice girl (only employee there that will get my praise) After being seated for a good 15 minute we finally got 1 glass of water delivered to us (there was 5 of us at the table) about 5 minutes later, the 4 other waters came. Now, at this point we are sitting there for 20 minutes when our waitress finally approaches us. She asks if she can get us started with a drink and we told her yes, and we would also like to order our meal. She told us no, she would only take our drink order and then be back to take food order. Annoyed, we agreed. About 10 minutes later our drinks came and she proceeded to take our food order. We ordered 3  burgers and 2 orders of French Toast. We also ordered 2 sides of bacon and a side of potatoes. My one friend also ordered a bloody mary. 20 minutes later, the bloody mary came up. 40 minutes later the food came out. We received the 3 burgers, all very good, and 2 orders of some STRANGE looking meal. It had 2 eggs on top of the french toast and some mystery sausage sauce and some strange grey meat inside. My one friend was extremely confused because she was certain this french toast was supposed to come with walnuts. I got up to view the menu and it turns out the waitress gave them Bratwurst stuffed french toast!!!!! Also, the burgers were all served with fries, which the waitress didnt inform us of so we had way too much potatoes and fries. ALSO, the bacon tasted like plastic!! The waitress never came over to ask how everything was, we had to hunt her down to tell her that this was the wrong order. She then brought us out 2 new orders of the correct french toast. We then asked for our bill which was RIDICULOUS for the service and amount of food and drinks we ordered. Also, we watched several tables be seated, handed water and never approached again. Tables just walked out because of how terrible the service was!!!! And all the waitress and bartender did was laugh.  Needless to say we will definitely NOT be returning back here and I suggest you all STAY AWAY from this establishment.My favorite local bar. Love to go here after work for drinks or for a night out. Most of the staff knows us when we walk in, and that says alot in such a big town. Food is pretty good too. And I love that I never have to wait for a drink! People watching is great too.Anybody that has a good pulled pork sandwich has my vote!! We walked into Prohibition Taproom just before 10. The place looked divy as in a local bar. Only a few people at this time. We pony up to the bar and check out the menu. Nice menu. Nice Beer Selection. Really cool staff. We get the pulled pork. Comes with fries. I'm in love. The runny goodness of the juice drips from the bun. I devoured the fries and i even ate the coleslaw!! I never eat coleslaw. Just as I'm about to undo the belt, the crowd comes in. Maybe they sensed that an "Elite" was dining! Hmm...my belly was as full as I am of myself...:) I'm a huge fan of Prohibition Taproom!
Not at all like the pretentious Cafe Lift!! I am not a fan!!Fun bar with great friendly staff and food a cut above the usual bar food. The grilled cheese special is so much more than you expect, an example being the Brie with apples. Don't miss the polenta fries or beer battered green beans, and you definitely want your burger on ciabattaI've been to Prohibition a few times now: once for a quick bite before a Phillies game and again recently for brunch.   Each time I was very pleased with service and the eats!   The food menu is interesting while succinct.  The beer menu is extensive enough to have variety without being overcomplicated.  The dining room is inviting and cozy.   The food was delicious.  The place is pretty unassuming from the outside, but don't be fooled.   I brought a few friends visiting from out of town here and they had great things to say.   Definitely worth a visit.The venue really gives you the impression that you've gone back in time and landed yourself in an old speakeasy (I suppose that's what they were going for with the name). Dim, cool, old light bulbs, and the bar setup is really great (lots of seating). The beer menu is often impressive, and the fried green beans are something I crave on the regular. They are served with a garlic aoli and I would eat them all night if I could.
All in all a fun place to go with friends to hang out or watch the game. Really fun during the world series! Not a traditional sports bar, but it gets the job done.Popped by this lovely joint on the delightful celebration of the repeal of Prohibition and I could not be more pleased with my night here.
Ambiance: Dim but open and intimate space that throws back to the speakeasy era but keeps things at a comfortable 21st century cleanliness. Echoing previous review, their bathroom was quite spacious and clean! 
Service: Our gal was humorous spitfire and we enjoyed her friendly banter. She got automatic points for sharing my hatred of all things Twilight. But she was great with our stream of orders and we always felt taken care of. 
Food: Beer battered green beans. Plates and plates of beer battered green beans are the bulk of my consumption here. Treat yourself to these delicious legumes and thank me later. My eating partners gave a thumbs up to their quite hefty veggie burger.
Drinks: Yes please. They have a nice selection of beers on tap and that's all I can speak towards because that is pretty much all that I quaffed here. 
The best part is that I find their prices to be fairly reasonable. I hope it stays that way!Drinks were very good but I can prepare the same at home. Service was so apathetic that it was bordering on rude. Food was horrible.
I ordered the fish and chips, both were overcooked, dry and flavorless. Chips were hard little shards that I could have used to take someone's eye out with. I was sick to my stomach for the next three days, getting to know my toilet. The fish must have been expired.Nice, little bar. Good bottle selection and ever-rotating taps. The food is deceptively great--it's a pretty standard menu, at a glance, but the little changes they made transform most of their food into something interesting, memorable. If anyone ever finds out the recipe for their hot wings, let me know. 
The bartenders and wait staff are superb. It's a great place for 2-4 people looking to relax and have some drinks and tasty food, but probably not so good if you're looking for a place to party while your frat gets bug bombed.I finally got a chance to pop into Prohibition when I had a restaurant reservation in the area. Before then, I had trouble convincing anyone to  hike up there with me ("It's not so far!" just wasn't working). When I finally made it, I found the interior nice, the beer selection pretty good, and the menu tempting. Why just three stars? I'd like to see a few signature cocktails on the menu with a name like "Prohibition." 
If the food I saw coming out of the kitchen is any indication, once I'm actually able to sample the menu I'll likely be able to bump my review up a star.Came for a few drinks as the front desk agent at the hotel recommended it. Had a blast as the bartender was super sweet and charming. Didn't catch her name but everything was great. Two mixed drinks and a beer came to $17, so the price was right. Want to come back again to try the food sometime when we are back in town. Cool vibe and the price was right.Went last night to celebrate the end of the semester with an old friend who happened to also be in my class this semester (lucky surprise) and the hubs!!!
Well, I enjoyed myself very much but there were a few things that bothered me.
Number one, I ordered a "rowhouse red" beer and was brought a glass of house red wine. Anyone who knows me will understand that it's not a big deal and I will drink any red wine anyone puts in front of me...BUT we are at a taproom, i pointed to the beer menu and said "rowhouse red."
Secondly, our waitress went through the grilled cheese specials three times and each time she pronounced "challah" a different incorrect way. The first time my shiksa friend picked up on it even before I did! The second time, was close to correct but still not, and the third time sounded like a mix of "Shalom" and "Ahoy."
Anyway, I had the grilled challah and jack cheese sandwich with tomatoe soup. Now listen, the tomatoe soup was good, but it wasn't soup, it was more like crushed tomatoes and cream. I felt like I was lifting a three pound weight to my mouth every time I took a spoonfull. 
My friend got the burger which she was over the moon about...Something about not eating a burger in months because when she was in Spain, she ate the entire nation's meat rations...
The hubs had the grilled cheese special which was rye bread with jack, blue, and a chutney. He liked it, but didn't go cuhrazy for it. 
There is no real  reason for us to go back. It was similar to what we have on our side of town and it is really out of the way for us. 
But yay for 2nd semester of grad school done! Cheers to that!
xoxoThis place is almost always packed! I've stopped here a couple different times. Medium sized space but the food has always smelled and looked good. Drinks are decent but the service is usually a little slow (at both the bar and the tables). The beer selection is good if you're into craft beers etc. In general, the place seems decent but it's just always so packed i try not to stay too long. You CAN also buy sixpacks to go if interested.I usually feel compelled to write descriptive, thorough reviews, but this time I don't think I'm gonna...
-Great jukebox
-Good food
-Tasteful beer list
-Nice Bartender
-Rarely crowded
I can get down with Prohibition.I ended up here Saturday night after attending an event at PAFA. The general wasteland of north Broad Street was a rather daunting prospect in the chill and snow of the evening, but luckily one of my friends remembered that Prohibition Taproom was rather close. 
I'll start by echoing some of the other reviewers here - the staff is friendly, honest and down-to-earth. The same can be said for the food. The homemade potato chips (which, I think, were a special that night) barely touched the table before they were gone. I ordered the grilled cheese, the contents of which rotate often, which was just cheesy enough, without being greasy, on hearty, toasted bread. The draft selection was thoughtful and had something for everyone at my table. 
The only thing that threw me off was the room/atmosphere. The bar, which was large and dramatic, completely overpowered the dining tables opposite, which is where we were seated. It felt like we were forcibly divided from the more vibrant bar area by the sheer difference in size and a gulf between the bar and the tables. I'd like to see the place install high tops, so the dining area will feel more connected to the bar. At least we'd be on the same level.... 
I'll be back, and bring my friends....Came in last night and YUMMMMMM. Got the fried chicken sandwich and tempura battered green beans. We were so starving we ordered the first things our eyes rested on, and god damn it, my mouth is watering in remembrance right now. They were out of the pita that the sandwich normally comes on, and the server/bartender hybrid very nicely assured me that the ratios of bread, perfectly battered and fried moist amazing chicken, and various accoutrement would still be balanced. Yea, it's a weird question, but when servers play along with foodie questions it makes me feel happy and welcome.
We were sitting on these islands that jut out from the bar so we were a bit removed from the flow of service. That made things move just a touch slower, but it's a relaxed bar atmosphere so I think it's fitting. Everything about the place is just right. The people who live near here are lucky to have such a great neighborhood bar.Prohibition consistently puts out some of the best food in the city (for brunch, lunch and dinner). The menu changes regularly but is always approachable and affordable. It always seems to be the right amount of crowded -- lively, but there is always a table available or seat at the bar. It can be a bit dark and loud, but the name is Prohibition after all...Prohibition quickly became my go-to neighborhood place shortly after moving in.  The kitchen here is exceptional.  The regular menu is pretty spectacular but the best food is on the ever-rotating list of specials that the kitchen turns out daily.  They are AMAZING.
The vibe is friendly and comfortable.  The list of beers on tap is impressive.  There are tons of bottles as well.  
Pretty much every meal I've had here has been great.  Come hungry and enjoy this neighborhood gem.  Oh, and Sundays are BYOV (bring your own vinyl) days....bring vinyl, they will play it on the turn table and offer you a discount.after stuffing our faces with some dim sum, some friends and i decided we were in need of beers. lol what a gluttonous day. 
we headed over and when we walked in, were greeted by a pleasant employee, who also ended up being our server. it was pretty empty, but not surprising because of the holiday. we ended up sitting at a table vs the bar and when our server walked up to us, she let us know that they were extremely busy earlier and are almost out of all the food on the menu. lol 
well, since we were all so full from dim sum already, this was not an issue. she apologized and was willing to try and find us food in case we wanted it. well, we ended up ordering some fried devil eggs and popcorn that is popped in BACON FAT!!! OMFG! yes! order this! do it! order it! NOW! 
um...i ended up having some kind of brooklyn apricot ipa that was delicious. i don't remember what my friends drank but they were all happy with their choices. 
love the ambiance, service, and food/drinks. i shall return.Came here for a quick bite and drinks before heading to a show at the Underground Arts. For 7 o clock on a friday night it wasn't too crowded but we got the last table left. We started with the cheese platter which was interesting, there's some kind of fruit/nut chutney that was tasty; plentiful bread with the cheese. Then we got the fish and chips and for the price it was disappointing. There were 4 fish sticks and a couple fries. For the price I expected bigger pieces of fish and more fries. I would possibly come here again more for the drinks than the foodNot a bad place to pre-game an Underground Arts or Union Transfer show. Prohibition attracts a young happy hour crowd but patrons grew progressively older as the night went on. I Had a good stiff drink and listened to some good tunes on the old-timey juke box! No touch tunes here! They had a short list of food options that looked delicious - I would definitely like to try a meal here! Powder room style restrooms resulted in a long bathroom wait, but the privacy is nice! Its not too often that I'm in this neck of the woods, but I'll come back here for sure!Went here mostly for drinks, but ordered some appetizers and small plates to snack on while we drank. Waited for about 20 mins on a Saturday night for a table. Relatively small space but full size bar. A little overpriced for what it is, but a decent experience. The fries were ok. Artichoke dip was interesting - strong horseradish flavor which I am not a huge fan of. The fried chicken sandwich was large and tasty on a delicious bun. A lot more breading than I was hoping for. Not a bad experience. May give it another shot if passing by.Bartender was rude AF to me after my questioning his White Russian he made for me.  I have literally never had one that looked like a white milkshake as they usually look like a light brown at the bare minimum. He lost his temper and got irritated with me about it.  Won't be back bro because F this place! First and last visit ever.  You will not get one dollar from me or my friends ever again.I went into the Prohibition for the first time about 2 weeks back. It's a real off the beaten path kinda joint that, for me, already had some street cred do to it having the same owner as my favorite brunch spot; Cafe Lift.
The bar reminds me of my late Great Uncle's corner bar in Baltimore. Kinda dimly lit and decorated with dark woods and upholstery. I'm also a fan of the actual bar's shape.  
The foods is delicious, the beer selection is great and the staff is knowledgeable and friendly.
As an aside, the bartender made me a perfect Makers & Soda. Yum!Had a few hours to kill while waiting for my gf's daughters who were attending a show at the Electric Factory. Being unfamiliar with the area, I did a quick Yelp search of nearby joints, and this place looked interesting, and close by. 
Mixed crowd. And one of the first things that jumped out at as was the loudness of the room. Not the jukebox or other music, but just the overall din. I don't know if it's the layout of the room, or what, but it was noticeably loud. If you're looking to engage in intimate conversation, this probably isn't the place. That being said, we were greeted right away by a pleasant staff member who told us that there was about a 20 minute wait. No problem. Interesting bar seating layout, but we just stood. When a table became available we were seated promptly. Our server was very polite, and rattled off a long extensive list of impressing sounding specials. We opted for some regular menu items, but the grilled cheese sure sounded tempting. My GF had the french onion soup and the BLT. Both of which she said were delicious. I had the crab hush puppy app, followed by the steak frite entree. The hush puppies were great, and were served with a thai chili sauce. The hanger steak was cooked as ordered as seasoned nicely. Had a nice flavor and was juicy and tender. It was served on top of the home cut fries, which had I known was the case, may have asked to have the fries off to the side, but then again, I don't like to mess with the chef's vision. But overall, we bother enjoyed our food very much. 
Too full for dessert, we headed out for a walk to Penn's landing. Total for two adults with 2 bottles of domestic beer, 2 Cokes, 2 apps, 2 entrees - $49.36 before tip.Fourtyfive minutes after fighting for a table, still no food. The entire place is sitting without food.. Even people who were here before our group. Magically as soon as one of our group asked how long till our food would come out the server said it was being plated now. And our food is kinda ghetto. And by kinda ghetto I mean our hash browns are tatter tots smashed up and one of the meals haven't arrived yet and everyone is almost done eating. Fail. Not returning !
Update; our dessert that we ordered at the same time as our meals took over an hour to come out. When we said we didn't want it and wanted the check our server? Unsure who our server was. Said the dessert has been up in the kitchen and he will get it ... Why didn't you bring it out?This is the best bar in my neighborhood. The beer selection is great and always changing. The food is in the upper half of Philly's gastropub scene.  Burgers are great, but check the specials.  Very often you can find something great. The staff is fantastic and quite helpful.  They never seem upset no matter how ridiculous the crowd.
What makes this bar better than all the other bars (other than the fact it's only 5 mins from me) are the Old Man Drinks.  Definitely get these.  The price is better than any other cocktail in the city.  I can't stress this enough... get one at least.  It changes constantly, but is worth it at $4.50, plus you can feel like you are living in the 1940's.Drinks: 4
Decor: 3
Ambiance: 3.5
Service: 3.5
Value: 2.5
This seems like a great neighborhood bar, unfortunately it isn't my neighborhood. I'm not sure I would venture out of my way to go there as a destination, but you could certainly do worse. They have a great draft beer selection, and a good assortment of snacks.One of my favorite bars in the city (if not my very favorite). The atmosphere, drinks, food, etc. are all perfect. Plus, the staff is super helpful and friendly. Great place to go on a date or spend an evening with friends.My friend and I went to check this bar out before heading to Yelp party last night. They have happy hour from 5-7pm and it was $1 off all the beer selection. I tried gray lady...do not get it. It tasted like soap water after a couple of sips. I liked the Eurotrash my friend got. It's much like a normal beer...
We also got their garlic mussels and a side of fries. The mussels were very yummy, especially the sauce. Great for bread dipping! The fries were so-so. 
The bartenders are really chill and the whole place definitely feels like a neighborhood hanging out place. You can find plenty of free parking on both 12nd and Buttonwood.Great drink spot with really good food. The grilled cheese special is a favorite! We also tried to fried green beans and pickles and loved them. They have a beef fry Friday where things are fried in you guessed it beef fat---we didn't try but will the next time we go!Went here before a concert with my friend at Union Transfer.  We spent a good hour and a half just hanging out here.  We didn't sample the food, but the menu looked good and decently priced.  The beer/bottle selection is pretty standard for a hipster place such as this, not Monk's large, but not too small either.  I got a Centennial Red Amber and some Dogfish Head.  The staff is friendly and pretty attentive.  This will probably be my new go to bar when going to Union Transfer.  I wish the place wasn't so out of the way because there really isn't much around it.  The place has a really low key feel to it.  No bells and whistles, though they do have 2 TV's if you are looking to watch a game.For the burger enthusiast-- ample, flavorful patty cooked properly, nice soft bun. Lack of interesting toppings, more exotic cheeses. Great fries, fresh and handcut style but not nearly enough of them! Got about a third of what I wanted and half of what I expected.
For the beer lover - decent (though small) taplist that I felt was pretty in touch with my taste. There was also a great workhorse selection of classic bottles that I'm certain would hold me over if the taplist did me dirty.
Would definitely return, just wish it was in a better, more easily accessed neighborhood.Stopped in here on the way to a show at Union Transfer.  Love the old school L-shaped bar setup.  They had an AWESOME beer selection.  It was a Tuesday night so it was pretty low-key; not sure how it is on the weekends.  The food was also really good.  We had the French onion soup.  Definitely worth a trip if you're in the area.Mac n cheese has always been my favorite- tonight's take out has been very disappointing. Very small amount of pasta for a take out order - I could have produced more in a home effort. A former chef had a better product! Shame on you for changing the recipe! Miss the old school recipe... I want back the bext cheese compilation with pasta!!!This place has a great beer selection and overall seems like a cool bar. Food-wise though I'd probably give it closer to 2 stars. Just was not impressed. I had the burger. It was fairly large, but I thought it didn't have a lot of flavor. Also got a side of mac and cheese that was nothing special. My husband got the lamb gyro, which he liked but I didn't try. Would come back for the beers but probably not for the food.A basic corner bar, but an excellent corner bar.  Interesting beer on tap, with enough variety for most anyone to find something that they like.  My favorites were the Helltown Mischievous Brown and the Ommegang Scythe and Sickle.  The bar has a lot of warm wood and while it filled up pretty quickly, there was space for everyone.  The crowd here seemed pretty relaxed.  The shape of the bar is a little strange, but it makes it a bit easier for larger groups to hang out at the bar together.
I dislike that they put grenadine in their old fashioned.  I tried another mixed drink, a bottlecap, which is made with root beer schnapps.  It was pretty tasty, but a little sweet for my taste.Prohibition, my greatest wish in life is that I could pick you up and transplant you to where I live in West Philadelphia, because you are everything Local 44 is not. Great rotating beer selection for my husband, an amazing wine (and sometimes cocktail) list for me, and stellar food. We don't get here nearly as much as we'd like just because it's a destination-type of place for us, which is a shame!
Staff and service is amazing. During our last visit the manager asked how our food was, and I told him, in a totally truthful manner, that I preferred the way they had prepared a certain menu item before they changed their menu, and he insisted upon taking it off the bill. This was totally unnecessary -- I wasn't even complaining, I was just being honest hoping they would bring back the old menu item -- but still the gesture was still appreciated. I also love your Wednesday-Saturday waitress who is a ringer for Lindsay Lohan (pre-downward spiral) and will chat celeb gossip with me. (PS: Did you read that NYT profile of her on the set of The Cannons? AH-MAH-ZING!)