by 3 stars, i really mean 3.5-
white brick walls, cool rustic furniture, seasoned, attractive employees. and the lighting is lovely.. nay, PERFECT. probably good for a blind date.  and service is good and timely.
but 3.5 could've been 4 if it wasn't so expensive for what i'm getting. and if the kitchen was more accommodating.
the first time i ever ate there, (around when it first opened), i ordered ravioli and received 3 or 5 pieces for $11-13.  another time i visited, i tried substituting a salad for fries with my burger. and my server said, "no, sorry, the kitchen won't do that." 
are you $^%ER@# kidding me??? it wasn't a super modification. it's not as if i asked for a burger with only one bun, no tomato, half piece of lettuce, two onion rings, and love. it wasn't like i wanted to substitute lobster for fries!!! needless to say, this is the first time i've been unable to substitute. i'm usually really easy to please, but this is the first time i've ever felt difficult. at least in my head. is this in my head?
unforgivable.Two very good experiences.  Excellent burger and very good pulled pork.  Wife loved her egg white and goat cheese omlette.  Solid beer list and a good spicy bloody Mary.  Also had great service and an ecclectic play list.It pains me to write this, but I fear I must...
I used to really enjoy P&K as a lively neighborhood spot with elevated pub food. But yesterday in the early evening, the place was overrun with drunken frat boys dropping f-bombs at top volume and shouting about their exploits as rapists. After multiple parties complained, asked to be moved, or left altogether, what did the management do? NOTHING! Just kept serving them more beer.
It's hard to justify $25-$30 dishes when the atmosphere is that of no-class dive bar. And skip the octopus. It's overcooked and rubbery.
To be fair, the oysters were excellent; hence the second star.Tried the revamped menu. The duck is very good. Pub and Kitchen is always a solid choice.Right around the corner from our house - this is our (my husband and I) go to for everything! Brunch, a cocktail, a late night snack, a date night! 
We love pub and kitchen so much - such a cool vibe and such great people, the food is the best too :)
Love it!This place has a very unique feel. We nearly missed it on our walk to dinner; there's no real label on the corner restaurant.  
They have an eccentric mix of IPA's and Pale Ales. The menu is very interesting as well; their buffalo wings and the cavetelli appetizer were both amazing..the cavetelli was served al dente with amazing flavor. I had the skate for my dinner, which was probably the most delicious fish I've had in as long as I can remember. 
They are known for their burgers, which were very good as well. They are often compared to Village Whiskey's burger, and sadly I don't think they are quite on par, but still very good.
This place is on the pricier side, but the ambiance on a Saturday night is a mixed crowd; noisy and full of energy. Nicely done!There was a time when all i wanted to do was have an old fashioned at pub and kitchen, eat some meatloaf and take in my ipod playlist on the speakers.  It's changed considerably.  i don't know if the food quality dropped with the economy, but even their burgers are failing.  The only thing i recently had there with which i was impressed was sauteed swiss char with almonds and cranberries.  (It was really well cooked with no bitter and all the flavor, just like char is supposed to taste).  Their oysters are good if you're lucky enough to get there on a west coast day, but even then, they seem to get the small batches.  
A real regret is that whatever bartender made me fall in love with the old fashioned has since wandered into a place of cheap watered down bourbon and cloying bitters.  A real shame for a bourbon cherry to go bad in a drink like that.  
Oh, and who took the doughnuts?  Really?  Of all the dessert items, you took the homemade doughnuts with chocolate dipping sauce?  For shame!
I'm hoping that as the winter rolls closer, we'll see the meatloaf again, with mushy peas, and mashed potatoes like a good simple urban hipster bar should class up.  For now, meh on all fronts except the neat interior and pretty awesome wait staff.Really like this place..Food isn't always the star of the show, but doesnt mean its not good..It really is. Good selection of beer, wine list is simple and good. But sets a great vibe that you can tell makes it everyones neighborhood joint. Always a fun time.This is my go-to neighborhood bar. The ambiance is awesome (I love all the cool retro lighting they have) the staff is friendly, and the food is solid. We typically like to go on the later side of the evening, around 10 or 11. At that hour, I don't see how you could have any issues with servers or food. What I really like about his place is that the menu is really seasonal. They always have something new and interesting to try. I particularly remember a really great  Arugula and Watermelon salad I had over the summer. Go and enjoy!Ordered takeout so this review is for that. Tried the P&K Cheeseburger and it was fantastic. Highly recommend it to anyone visiting or ordering from it. Someone else tried the Lancaster Chicken and loved it.i put off trying P & K because of the $12 price tag on the burger, even though it's been recommended.  yesterday i decided i'd try it out for drinks.  the mark up is almost as bad for drinks.  however the real turn off was the service.  the hostesses and waitresses were all aloof and unengaged.  hypothesis 1- management sought to hire snooty staff.  hypothesis 2- they are made to dress them in quite constraining clothes and they can hardly breathe enough to talk to customers.  who knows?A nice neighborhood feel, but it isn't the first place to pop into mind when asked for recommendations. The interior and service are nice, but the food and drinks are pricey for what is served, unless you go for their outdoor summer happy hour!Well, I just want to say we came here by chance and we are very lucky that we did!
The warm atmosphere, very excellent Server, delicious food and Happy Hour was a bonus. 
Don't miss this neighborhood eatery/BarIt was our first time in Philly last October and the weather was nice enough to we wander from neighborhood to neighborhood. On the way back to the hotel we spied what looked like a pub at which to kill time before another restaurant opened.
I was more than pleasantly surprised by the beer menu, and the "snacks," including one of the best cheese plates I've ever tasted had us thinking we might have to cancel our other dinner reservations. To round out a meal, my wife had a fish dish with "smushy peas" and I had the sage/apple/pumpkin risotto.
It was also early enough in the day that we completely missed the most of the dinner/drinks after work crowd, so the atmosphere held up. We practically had the place to ourselves for a while. All in all it was the perfect place to stumble into.Went here twice during my visits to philly in the last 6 months and both time I enjoyed the food here. Cool lil place and that burgerThe food here is pretty damn awesome and I really like the aesthetics and ambience and overall casual but not slow or sleepy feel. I got the p&k burger with cheese and bacon AND they added fried egg which is basically greatest meal ever. It's pictured. It tasted so awesome. 
The waitstaff is also really nice but our particular waiter, while he meant well, he didn't seem too knowledgeable about the food. But no big deal, some people don't give an F.$5 mimosas to follow a new years eve hangover? You had me at hello. Pub and Kitchen is a very relaxed and easygoing hangout spot with good food to match. The bf and I were both craving some red meat so we decided to try P&K. We were seated in the back little private dining room which is cozy with lots of small tables, exposed brick, and natural light. The burger was cooked to my liking and they were very accommodating to some topping substitutions. I loved the fries and the food, the waiter was extremely cool. 
The only downside - and it had nothing to do with P&K - was the fact that because of the mummers parade there seemed to be tons of loud families in what would usually not be a typical family establishment. I love kids as much as the next gal but sometimes (usually after a night of heavy drinking) you just want to eat your burger and drink your alchy sans rugrats.I came here with a group of 2 gals after hearing some good reviews of their burger. It wa sa beautiful day and we wanted an al fresco style happy hour/dinner thing going on. We came in, sat down and decided on the cocktails and wine. I'm not a crazy drink person but I enjoyed my cocktail. On to the food though, I settled for their burger which was definitely good. Meat was cooked to perfection and the addition of the bacon was just what made the burger pretty memorable. I would say I'm a burger snob and I prefer burgers that aren't bleeding and moo'ing (rare) but I don't want my burger tough enough to chuck it at someone (well). I like them medium rare and they were quite successful in that regard. I would love to come back to try their bread since I've heard it's one of the best around but it definitely is a must come back place!It's a pub! It's a kitchen! It's Pub & Kitchen!
I've been here for brunch, happy hour, and a late dinner, and all three times were solid. They have outdoor seating, and big windows which they open up in nice weather, so even if you're sitting inside you can enjoy some sunshine.
Their kitchen is open late, which is a big plus for me. I've eaten here after 11 on a Wednesday night, so they must serve food until at least 12 on weeknights. Big fan.
You may have heard good things about the burger. These things are true. It totally delivers. Although P&K has a good beer selection, I chose to wash down my burger with some champagne, cause that's how I roll. 
To top it off, the staff is always very friendly, and the music they play sounds like my indie station on Pandora. I like this place more and more every time I go. Can't wait to go back again and try the Welsh rarebit.Had a great meal here. Saturday night. Monk's was packed and we wanted some mussels. Sat outside, which seems like the way to go. Service was ON POINT. Our server was amazing. It's like she was reading our minds, and she had the perfect balance of attentive but not intrusive.
We had a cheese plate to start. Then I had the mussels, which were great.
I remember drinking tasty red wine (of course) so I can't remember what it was (also of course!).
Will definitely be back.Wandered in on a whim with some friends on a rainy Saturday afternoon for a late lunch, where Pub and Kitchen delivered everything that makes a rainy day comforting and cozy, versus wet and agitating.
We settled in at the bar, where I had my Samuel Smith Oatmeal Stout, and gnocchi with brussel sprouts and sweet potato (I think, sweet potato? Idunno... I wanted to doublecheck online, but wow, what a lousy web site--er, "web page" with only a contact link to email). My boyfriend had a "po' boy," which was absolutely delicious, but equally as delusional if it really thinks it's a po'boy--fishcake on a round bun, for $11? Feel free to call yourself a delicious homemade fishcake sammich, but PLEASE recognize that a po'boy you ain't, neither by bread nor by price.
Aside from the misleading definition of aforementioned boyfriend's sandwich, and an 'under construction' online presence, Pub and Kitchen is a dimly lit, inviting, and friendly corner pub where I look forward to spending many a lazy winter Saturday afternoon with my ass atop a barstool. And when I do, I'll need to try one of their bloody marys, because my mouth watered as I watched the bartender mix a few.
P.S. Thank you for not giving us a problem when we split the check 3 ways with 3 credit cards--it was reflected in your (cash) tip.Good beers and decent food.  Good spot for catching a drink with friends although it might get pricey compared to other options in the area.  Can get crowded after work so watch out for the yuppies.Went to pub and kitchen to eat some food and witness Doc Halladay make history. The bar was great, with a good amount of Phils fans and good draft beer specials. They also had dollar oysters which is enough to get me almost anywhere.
I had the flying fish octoberfest? whatever it was good. I had the fish and chips which were excellent. And the truffle dijonaisse was very very good. Be prepared for a very intense truffle flavor.
The reviews that i read prior to entering this place really bashed the service. I thought the service was great, our waitress was really friendly and attentive, filling our beers and water, and not rushing us at all.
Definitely reccommend this place for a casual drink and some good food to go along with it.
Also a sweet logo.churchill burger is amazing.  amazing server, so fun and real....  made my thurs awesome.  delish food.In desire of gastropub fare, but tired of our usual haunts, a few friends and I ventured to Pub and Kitchen (19th and Lombard). I had been to the former restaurant, Chaucer's, once before, and the transformation was drastic. Pub and Kitchen has been able to achieve lighting nirvana in their small space, creating a warmth that filters throughout. Service was quick and attentive without being overbearing. But on to the food.
I highly recommend trying the Bar Snacks, which are a steal at $3 a pop. We sampled the duck liver pate and fish mop rolls. The latter were delicious. If memory and taste serve me correctly, it was some kind of white fish combined with a creme fraiche accompanied by potatoes and herbs on crusty bread, all of which is underscored by a hint of citrus. The flavors are sophisticated and complex. Two large pieces come to an order.
Entrees: I was in the mood to go light, so I ordered the onion soup ($8) with a side of brussels sprouts ($5). What made the onion soup distinct was the addition of some kind of wheat beer (I think) to the broth, which stood up to the strength of the cheese and paired well with the sweet, caramelized onions. My only complaint: some of the cheese on top of the soup burned at the edges under the broiler. My side of brussels didn't achieve as high marks. The brussels were overcooked as well as the accompanying bacon. The flavors hit the mark, blending well, but the execution fell short.
We had also ordered the fish and chips, an altogether unspectacular dish, especially considering the steep price tag: $16-18 (don't remember exactly). The chips lacked a certain crispness, adding to the overall ineptitude. Also ordered was the steak and potatoes ($22). Not more perfectly could the steak be cooked! Rare, au poivre, and blissful. Not as much could be said of the potatoes, done in a hash brown/latke style, which seemed old and overdone.
In all, a pleasurable experience with exceptional flavor and ambiance; however, echoing other reviews, the actual cooking has yet to find its groove. Potatoes and brussels, especially at this price point, should be done without error. This has yet to happen.
To sit at the bar with a drink and "bar snack" before venturing out for the evening--yes, this would be delightful and really the most prudent of actions.
Ciao
rwfChilled asparagus soup with whiskey and sage bread was superb. I loved the individual loaf of bread - it looked charming. Easy place to be on your own but not feel marooned.All right, Pigbunny.  Time to level with you.  Time for some harsh truth and honesty and tough love.
Pigbunny -- can I call you Pigbunny?  Because my wife and I do, all the time -- you are our neighborhood pub and restaurant.  You are warm and inviting.  You have many fine alcohols for us to consume.  Your fries are superb.  We want to come to you all the time.  At least, all the times when you're not teeming with douchebags.  (We've learned your rhythms and know when the douche rolls in.)  In short, we want to give you all our money.
But we can't, because you don't offer any vegetarian dinner entrees.
Don't even start by saying you have a cheese plate, or welsh rarebit, or a salad.  Those aren't entrees.  Those are sides and apps.  I find it impossible to believe you can't make a vegetarian entree.  I find it impossible because you've done it before: a pasta dish, a sandwich.  Something.  Something good and tasty.  You have good food.  Surely you can create something.
I might get that vegetarian entrees aren't big-ticket items, but you're turning away dollars.  Bar dollars, especially.  Sure, you're not making a lot on that spring vegetable gnocchi, but the wine and beer we consume would surely compensate for that.  More to the point, though: fries and a cheese plate aren't a meal.  You're basically saying that vegetarians just shouldn't bother.  So we don't, except for brunch, when my wife can have the cheese omelet.
When I first reviewed you, I gave you five stars, because you were that awesome and accommodating.  In fact, that is part of the reason we love you so much.  When we first moved to Philly, we were tired and stressed after a long day of hauling boxes, and Beth made us feel like we really had found a home.  And now?  Less welcoming.
So you're docked a star.  I hope to give it back to you very, very soon.I'm basing this review after visitig (or attempting to visit) P&K several times now.
I will begin by saying that I find the layout to be pretty good with the exception of the back room.  Something about dining there just makes you feel less connected to the normal energy and flow of the place. 
The beer selection is small but tastefully chosen.  They always seem to have Old Speckled Hen on tap.  I've never had a problem ordering drinks even on packed bar nights.
If you're eating at P&K then you definitely want to have the burger.  It's pretty ridiculously awesome.  I've had it three times now and it never disappoints me or any of the people I've dragged their with me.  I've had the mussels as well and they were nomtastic.  I have a feeling that all of their food is spot on and there's not a bad thing on the menu.
I knock them down a couple stars because times I have gone there it has either been so packed that it wasn't worth the wait or because one hot summer evening I tried to go there and either they weren't running the AC or they didn't have any.  Needless to say, I had to leave.  It was just too hot in there to enjoy any food.
They don't take reservations which just bothers me. For me, if I know where I'm going in advance, I want to call and have a table reserved for me.  From the restaurant's standpoint I'm sure they don't want to book up there tables for a bunch of no shows.  I guess it's just crappy because I feel that their level of food is of the quality where I should be able to reserve a table.
I will make return trips.  It's always a nice place to stop in.  Maybe I just need to go some more. I really want to give it more stars, I just can't right now.So I finally made it over for there infamous Burger! When I ordered and They didn't 
ask me how I wanted it cooked.. I was
concerned, But I was pleasantly surprised, the 2patties were very tasty. The Lettuce tasted Like juicy coleslaw!! There was definitely a Distinct Flavor to this burger! The Bunn was a Bit too dense, & the fries were frustrating. They kept braking off in to my Ketchup, Because they were so skinny. 25min wait was rough, but I Left satisfiedHad dinner here one even and the food was awesome.  OK, the beer was awesome which probably enhanced my food experience.   My coworker was sober and said it was good so I'll take her word for it.  Great neighborhood joint and would definitely be back.great place. service was well above average. ambiance was low key and welcoming. cocktails were solid. but the food was was the most impressive facet of the experience. everyone at the table had a superb meal. if you eat meat, do yourself a HUGE favor and get the churchill burger. it's indescribably good. literally. i can't even put it into words.Delicious! I had heard so much about P&K that after moving to the neighborhood months ago, I finally decided that enough was enough - I had to try this place. Again, all that comes to mind immediately is - delicious! I had the pork chop with brussel sprout leaves, lentils, HUGE chunks of bacon, apple and a side of applesauce - the perfect combination of sweet, salty, fruit and butter. The pork chop was also perfectly cooked and amazingly tender. 
I finished the meal off with the chocolate mousse with a layer of graham cracker and cherries on top and on the bottom. Seriously felt like I was eating the most heavenly brownie batter in existence.. This mousse was thick yet velvety, super smooth and REALLY rich! I was thoroughly stuffed after only a few bites but I couldn't stop eating it - it was so good. 
While it's true, prices are a little high ($26 for my entree and $7 for dessert) my friend and I were allowed to savor each moment and each bite. We never felt rushed even though it was a friday night and the place was packed. Servers were incredibly attentive and subtle and our waitress was funny and let us set our pace. Great night. Great meal. I will definitely be back for more.Been twice.  Once by myself on a sunny Satruday late morning -- sat outside with no wait and had a great salad.
Went with a party of four on a Saturday night in February.  Were told there would be a 30 minue wait - sure, no problem.  Found seats at the bar, got a drink, and ... waited for an hour and a half!  But it was too cold venture outside needlessly, so we waited and were finally seated in the upstairs dining area, which we were initially happy about because it seemed quieter than downstairs and there were only 3 other parties up there.  Until they TURNED UP THE MUSIC so loud we l.i.t.e.r.a.l.l.y. could not hear each other.  Or the waiter.  We politely asked him to turn the music down and after giving us a sourpuss look he turned down the music just a smidge, like a surly teen who can't believe his parents are asking him to turn down his oh-so-rockin' tunes.
Other than that, the food was great (though no fish & chips on the menu -- wah!) and the service was also very good (I think the waiter realized he had been a bit of a jerk and tried to make it up to us).
In general, this seems more like a local, young, slightly hipster hang out bar than somewhere you would make a special trip to visit, so if you're local and in your twenties, I say go for it.This anecdote well summarizes my experience.  A friend and I had lunch here.  When the waiter came over to the table midway through our meal and asked perfunctorily "How's everything?" both of us replied, "Frankly, everything is very salty!"  "A lot of people have told me that," our waiter replied.  "Well," I said, "Did you ever manage to go back to the kitchen and tell THEM?!"This is more like a 2.5 star review. My recent experience was pretty "meh"...
I used to love this place when I lived down the street. I hadn't been in for a long time, and stopped in for a quick bite and glass of wine around happy hour time. I ordered a glass of wine, which was like $10. Not having a happy hour wine is really annoying, although they do offer a $20 bottle. Adding some glasses of wine to the happy hour menu would be cool. 
I ordered the pretzel with cheese. The pretzel was hard as a rock. So hard, in fact, that I couldn't cut it with a steak knife. I only ate about half because I was starving (it was 5pm and I hadn't eaten all day). Strangely enough, I feel like more than one employee saw me struggling to cut the damn pretzel, and no one asked me if everything was OK. Strange. I could have broken a window with that pretzel! Or a tooth!
Either way, it was a disappointing visit to a place I once loved.Came here for brunch with some friends and was underwhelmed. I got the egg white omelet and my friends got the cheddar and apple omelets. They were both pretty bland. The jam with the toast was the highlight of the meal. If you are getting a bloody go for the wrangler. The service was pretty slow and not super friendly. I usually love this place, but won't be coming back for brunch.To call this place a neighborhood gem is an understatement!!! This place is pretty much a go-to spot if you're looking for delectable eats, a notable late night bar menu, excellent crafted cocktails and hospitality that is up to par with Rittenhouse's finest!  I've been wanting to visit this place for a while now. My very good friend who knows how much of a foodie I am pushed for me to go and this place has consistently been featured in philadelphia magazine's top 50 restaurants. I finally made it a point to visit on Valentine's eve and this adorable and hip and LIVELY neighborhood gem is filled with energy, a fun crowd, dapper looking bartenders who have an appreciation for good grooming, your hipster servers and a notable menu! I scanned their menu even though I wasn't too hungry and one after the other, a series of gnoshes caught my eye! Their warm spiced nuts with sea salt was legitly warm and caramelized to perfection, deviled eggs were a perfect balance with the smooth creamy texture of the piped yolk topped with capers and potato crunch, their Brussels sprouts with balsamic glaze and lamb bacon (per the recommendation of our super star sever Beth was MINDBLOWING! I always appreciate a good server who knows his or her stuff) and we had a "secret" not on the menu whiskey bread. ZOMG, not only was this bread piping hot from the oven, but it had almost a croissant-y texture topped with an adorable dusted bunny stencil!! I feel like this menu was just a tease to what the entrees and dinner menu has to offer. Most definitely a MUST try spot! To top it all off, the well groomed bartender Dom stopped by our table to extend the Pub & Kitchen hospitality! This place speaks for itself and I only look forward to everything else this gem has to offer! Brava brava brava!!Really enjoyed my time at Pub & Kitchen.  Server was fabulous.  However, I got stuck in the very back and it was like an ice box with the air blowing right on our table.  Luckily our server was kind enough to move us to the main dining area where it was much more comfortable.  
Food was very good.  Pulled pork sandwich was tasty.  Nothing that would blow you out of your shoes, but nonetheless, good!  Fries were also tasty.
Overall, I would definitely come back!Sometimes this place is spot on, like the time I had the tasting menu with morels and a cream sauce, others it's pretty horrendous. Took my dad there after raving about it, and he ordered their signature burger, and it came out luke warm despite the fact we were one of the only ones in there, and the rest of the meal was less than stellar as well. Service is also hit or miss; one day your server will be just the right amount of attentive, the next they are no where to be found.Okay, people are too hard on this place.
I had a burger, a few beers, and the brussel sprouts.  The burger was excellent (though it was too huge for me to finish) and the brussel sprouts were good (though not great).  I think the best part of this place might be the space.  Even though the restaurant is pretty big, the atmosphere is home-like and cozy.The French fries are the best I've had in a long time. The cheeseburger was a double patty- so prepare your appetite! Direct quote from my "honestly, one of the best cheeseburgers I've ever had. And the chicken breast! It was freakin' delicious!"Twice now, I've run from the cold to squeeze through the door of Pabbit. It's been a nice refuge these last couple of freezing cold nights. 
In short,
The burger is better than Monk's. 
The fries are a close second to Monk's. 
The gnocchi are way too salty. (I still need to try the pierogies.) 
I love having a large pint of cider and a burger so that's probably what I'll stick to if we return again. I might also work my way through all of the $3 bar munchies.I can't even think of giving this place less than five stars. As I am terribly sad that my favorite restaurant is all the way in Philly. 
Came here for my second time last nite, on a trip to see a good friend and celebrate her engagement. I couldn't exactly remember what I had on the previous visit, but I knew that it ended in an orgasmic banana bread bread pudding... I mean come on, delicious. 
So, I knew I would be back.
This visit included: A wait of one hour (actually only 45 minutes or so) on a Saturday night around 8 pm. We got drinks at the bar, luckily snagging some stools in the packed area. You know if everyone around you is also choosing to wait the hour... it is that good. 
After a few glasses of wine, and a cosmo for me, we were led upstairs to a nice and much quieter dining room. 
I ordered a chicken skewer appetizer ($8) and my friend ordered a beautiful and delicate looking wedge salad ($9). My chicken skewer was very flavorful, and she loved her salad. 
Main courses: She ordered a lamb course ($22), which she raved about, but I wasn't brave enough to try. I got the pulled pork sandwich ($12), which was very good... slightly spicy for me- but I am a spice baby. It came with a simple side salad that I couldn't stop eating. And I ordered a side of mac and cheese with pork belly ($9). In hindsight, I wish I had ordered two or three mac and cheeses and called it a day.... it was so amazing!! 
And then as full as I was, I had to hear about the desserts. Which ended with a chocolate bread pudding with caramel sauce for me, and a passion fruit panna cotta for my friend. I believe they were each $8. I fortunately and unfortunately ate all of mine!! ha. I was extremely full.... but it was sooo worth it. 
As far as the service goes, I found all the waitresses and hosts very kind and helpful. They seemed to sincerely care if you had a good evening... and that is always appreciated. 
Now, do me a favor, add up the total that I spent (on just food!), but keep it to yourself.I walk by this place daily and I've been wanting to eat here for a long time.  My friend had mentioned that this place had one of her favorite burgers so I had to check it out.
It was DELICIOUS!  It may be on the saltier side as others have mentioned but I have a salty palate so I didn't really notice.  Something about the beef patties with the cheese and pickles made for a really delicious combo. 
The fries that came with it was good too.
service was good tooCan't go wrong with this place. Great cocktails, awesome food, and cute/sweet staff. I suggest the cheese plate (they serve it on a cutting board that looks like the middle of a tree) and the menu changes a decent amount that you never get bored with the options.Pub and kitchen has well prepared, well presented food. 
The menu is small for entrees, more selection for appetisers. 
The server Nate whom waited on me, both times I have been there is friendly, engaging, and adds to experience. 
I had the soft shelled crabs which were the special last night and they were great. a little to peppery for my friend. my fiance had a homemade blueberry infused vodka, which she enjoyed. 
The only issue have with pub and kitchen is the price. 
the portions are small, and the price is large. 
so be warned, this is a Rittenhouse restaurant with Rittenhouse prices. 
don't let the pub in the name fool you, its not a place for a quick, inexpensive bite to eat. 
Also, I think if your special is going to be several dollars more then your highest menu item, you might want to mention it. 
Blueberry vodka , which was suggested was 16 a pop, which seemed a bit high too. 
overall nice place, just be aware of the size to price ratio...and don't go there starving.My husband & I dined here last Friday evening (for the first time), and everything was amazing. AMAZING. 
For apps, we shared the brussels sprouts & squid. The brussels were probably the greatest thing I have *ever* tasted. I have been craving them like crazy ever since, and trying to recreate them at home (unsuccessfully!). I would visit P&K again and again just for the brussels. The squid was pretty good, but maybe a little too busy for my taste. A little less may have been a little more with this dish - but we definitely enjoyed it. 
As for the entrees, I had the Wagyu Bavette, and my husband the Monkfish. Both were INCREDIBLE. The Monkfish was served over the most deliciously prepared fennel - such a perfect pairing for this dish. As for the Wagyu - need I say more? Who doesn't love Wagyu Beef? It was cooked to perfection (med-rare) and served on the most delicious bed of farro and root veg salad. YUM.
Topped it all off with Panna Cotta and couldn't have been happier. We will be back very soon for sure!My trip to Pub and Kitchen was an unplanned lunch after some hanging in Rittenhouse Square on a perfect fall afternoon.  
Outdoor seating was a must.  
I was looking at a menu and it was rather small and read in an unimpressive way.  
The waiter sold me on a burger which was their special on this day, the meat came blended from a high end butcher in NYC.  Supposedly he had never until now let this blend of meat out of the city.  Pub and Kitchen had exclusivity to this meat which peaked my interest in what can a "high end butcher" from nyc do that I haven't seen before with a burger.  
The burger came with caramelized onions on a bun.  The meat lived up to the height of exclusive beef.  Although I don't plan on spending 18$ for a burger again anytime soon.  My tastebuds were more then satisfied.  I will describe this meal as I would when I describe the eating experience of any of my favorite foods... when the burger was gone, I was a little bit sad.Unfortunately, the delicious food was marred by the terrible service.  The waitress we had was perhaps one of the rudest I've encountered in a while.  It started when my boyfriend and I decided to order the Kolsch- which happens to be our favorite beer, despite being the cheapest on the menu and in a can.  The waitress' response when we ordered this:"'um, really?"  She also asked us 4 times if we wanted a glass with it...she finally brought the beers out with some glasses and asked AGAIN, if we needed a glass.  YES we said again.  She then attempted to pour the beer into the glass while it fizzed all over and told us she was a bad at pouring beer.  Just give me the glass, I'll pour it myself I told her.  GOOD was her response.
The food however was delicious.  Both the mussels and the skate were awesome.  I would have stayed for dessert and more drinks if the waitress hadn't brought us over our check immediately after we finished dinner without asking us if there was anything else we'd like.  I'll definitely be back here, but avoid the rude waitress' section.The more and more I go to gastropubs, the less and less impressed I am by them. I don't know if the schtick is just getting old, or if people are doing a worse job, or what, but c'mon people, ENTERTAIN ME!!!
Pub and Kitchen strikes me as a fairly run of the mill entry into the gastropub arena. Very nice interior rehab job? Check. Pretty awesome selection of beers? Check. Couple fancy, gourmet-ish items on the menu? Check. Yawn. The thing missing was something to separate this place from the crowd. Why would I go here instead of any other place just like this? Jonny Brendas has whiskey donuts. The Tap Room has tacos of the day. The Royal has one of the better burgers around, not to mention innovative uses of pork that surprise me every time (mmmm, pulled-pork nachos with beer cheese sauce ... I digress.) This place had ... 18 dollar fish and chips. 18 bucks??? Seriously? For fish and chips? Maybe you should've saved some money on the fancy interior so you could serve some food for a reasonable price. Listen up Pub and Kitchen (and you too, Devils Den!): If I wanna spend 40 dollars on dinner, I'm not going to a gastropub, not when there are better dinners to be had for $40 (pick your BYOB) or much cheaper gastropubs with the same food! I don't get the 20 dollar entree movement in these places, it really makes no sense.
One other irk: our waiter was nice, but he had to have come to our table like 45 times during the course of the meal. Body language my friend, it will tell you all you need to know, like when we are done with our menus (see: putting down menu), when I need another drink (see: drink close to or completely empty). This ain't rocket science homey. (UPDATE: As I read through all the other reviews, bad service is a recurring theme.)
if you live near Pub and Kitchen, or are in the area, hit it up, it'll be a fine dinner. But I don't think it's worth traveling very far at all to go to this place.Had dinner here on a gorgeous night -- we had to take advantage of the weather and sit outside. We were told it would be a 45 minute wait for a table, so we had a few drinks at the bar. $7 cocktails? This New Yorker needs to travel -- who am I kidding? -- anywhere to get her affordable liquor fix! I ordered the mint julep but really didn't like it... the bartender swapped it out for the strawberry sangria for FREE! Spreading the love in Philly :) The sangria was MUCH tastier... I had been craving mussels all day and so was thrilled to see them on the dinner menu. Big mistake - these mussels were in a hefeweizen broth. The flavor was awful. The color of the broth was murky and make me frightened to dip my bread. And once I mustered up the courage, it didn't even taste good! Soooo very disappointing meal. My friends were perfectly satisfied with their own selections, so I'm just going to chalk it up to poor selection on my part. But if the word "pub" is in the name of your restaurant, shouldn't you do a good job with mussels? Three stars for the cheap and tasty alcohol :)I love this place. Arrived tonight to be expertly guided through the menu (oyster selection) by our fantastic server. Had an incredible rye spiced Manhattan. Okay, maybe 3. 
Fried chicken sandwich new to the menu and fantastic. Expertly fried, juicy and flavored with buttermilk. Loved it. Worth the diversion from our usual burger. Which is the city's best. 
Food is excellent. Drinks are excellent. Service is excellent.Went for the first time last night with friends and was amazed at the quality of the food and the friendliness of the staff. We had oysters, mussels, and smoked wings for appetizers and the rabbit meatballs and roasted chicken for entrees. Excellent!!! I recommend this place to everybody.Picture the scenario:
You've just flown in from England, you're tired, it's humid, it feels like 1 am and you're hungry. You want food that you know, but you're happy to try some American stuff, too. You want it to be tasty but not too expensive. Sound reasonable? Alright, not if you live in Philly, but you know what I mean...
Go to Pub and Kitchen. There's a pub. English style, with pints and everything. And a kitchen. With great food cooked extremely well.
I had a dark n stormy (rum and ginger) and it was just what I wanted to wake me up and see me through the night. Then I had the gnocchi, which was quite simply the best I've ever had. Light, crispy on the outside, soft on the inside, wonderfully seasoned with subtle flavors, it was awesome. The salad we shared was simple but great - well dressed and fresh. The burger and salmon also looked very tasty.
It's a good spot and it gets the mixture of drinking hole and restaurant absolutely right. The chef is fantastic and the atmosphere is perfect. Far from a sports bar, it does show the game on the screens so you can keep score without it being intrusive on your night out with buddies.Really 3.5 stars. Pub and Kitchen is tasty, and has a great beer selection but the food menu is limited. There are about 5-6 items of very pricey entrees, and 5-6 more reasonably priced sandwiches. They used to have fish and chips on the menu, but unfortunately this item has been removed. The burger was awesome, and cooked perfectly, although it seemed there was about 1/4 piece of bacon on it. The pulled pork was also really delish and unique, and the coleslaw accompanying it was great, but I wish this came with fries, too. The service was good, but our server checked on us frequently, bordering on uncomfortably too much. I would definitely go back for a beer and a burger, and the company, the best parts of the night!The significant other and I love to visit Pub and Kitchen multiple times per year. It's our go to spot near Rittenhouse during a weekend day to grab a bite to eat and wash it down with a nice beer on tap. I saw some people complain about the pricing, but I think it's pretty reasonable when compared to other places in the city. Love the ambiance (particularly the string lighting) and the service.It's a pretty cool place. Limited beer selection, but it seems to be heavily curated (read: no bad options). Haven't had proper food there, but the wings and fries are awesome. Also, other friends have been big fans of the oysters.favorite meal during my visit in philly. amazing old fashioned, food was super flavorful, staff was incredibly courteous. we came in around midnight and ordered a lot of food, I made a point to ask if the bar closed at 1 or if the kitchen closed at 1, and that brings me to Beth. 
Our waitress, Beth, was so accommodating and sweet. We wanted to hang out with her. She was so attentive but not in an obnoxious way, made sure we were taken care of completely. When I asked if the bar or kitchen closed at 1 she said "the kitchen, but I'll keep the bar open all night if you want!" 
Food was great. We got deviled eggs, beer hall pretzel, whipped brie toast, buffalo wings, and eggplant fries. All super flavorful. They were out of the draught of old fashions but Beth whipped me up something similar and delicious. 
The atmosphere was pretty, the lights and the fixtures were well thought out. Will be back next time I'm in town!I went to Pub and Kitchen a while ago, right after it opened, and I was so not impressed. The place was pretty dead, yet the bartender was still not attentive, and we had to tell him how to make a greyhound, which is a pretty classic cocktail as far as I am concerned. I did however enjoy the whitefish salad snacks at the bar. Anyway, recently I had been hearing a lot of positive things about the place, so I gave it another chance. 
I went for dinner on a Friday night, and there was a half-hour wait for a table, which really isn't bad. My friends and I got cherry bourbon cocktails from the bar, and they were very delicious. When it was time to be seated, it turned out that we had to close that tab before going to our table, which was time consuming and a little annoying.  When we looked at the menu, we were all starving and everything looked really appealing, especially all the vegetables on the side-dish menu. I ordered the English onion soup  (the menu didn't describe it but I asked and was told it is made with pork instead of beef, then topped with English cheddar instead of gruyere), and a side of braised carrots. One friend has gnocchi with squash and brussel sprouts with spinach with cranberries and walnuts, and the other had a cheese plate with mustard green beans. Everything was so good and terribly satisfying. Halfway through dinner I switched from bourbon to the Pub and Kitchen Anniversary Ale, and found that to be yummy as well. In addition to good food, nearly everyone in the place that night was really hot, and they were playing a great mix of music, including two of my favorites, Hot Chip and Phoenix. I really talked a lot of trash about how bad this place was when I went the first time and now I feel like I owe them an apology.The hubs and I stopped by Pub & Kitchen for the first time last Saturday, and enjoyed a lovely evening.  The ambience is great - we sat at the bar and loved the look of it.  It was dark enough to have some good ambiance, but light enough that I could see the menu.  We only had drinks, but they have a nice selection of beers on tap and other adult beverages.
The food seems... interesting?  A little fussy for my taste, and certainly pricey ($18 for a burger!), so I'm not sure we'll go there to eat.  We did, however, smell the french fries that the couple next to us ordered, and they smelled divine.
Great neighborhood place for a drink.First things first, the SANGRIA (fabulous, wonderful, delicious, etc!)
A last minute decision for the boyfriend's birthday turned out to be a WONDERFUL choice! Bells brewery was there and their $40 food & beer pairings were beyond spot on, couldn't compliment them enough on it!
It was the groups first time there and it was a great, close atmosphere to sit close, chat, and share all of the wonderful food! Sometimes there is nothing better then small candle votives, a soft breeze blowing in the open windows, and the true feel of a pub out in the country side.
Everything on the menu was possibly ordered from the cool avocado soup, to the hanger steak, right on down to the macaroni & cheese. Oh, and of course someone ordered the famous burger, and yes, the positive rumors proved true, it was delectable!
A wonderful atmosphere for both the couple looking for a quaint night out and the rowdy group looking to satisfy both hunger and thirst! Only thing I am a bit verklempt about was not being able to sit and have a pint at the bar! Next time though!I've never seen a ruder, more miserable passive-aggressive person operating an establishment in any service industry. Anyone can get a good review or two by spending money with the local shiny-papered lifestyle magazines. What matters is when this wretched man has one of his mood swings and nothing suits him for the rest of the night. 
And that's why I won't ever go to this place again after giving it several chances. Not to mention the restrooms belong at a Gathering of the Juggalos. Condoms unflushed in a toilet, spit (I hope ) all over the mirror, urine all over the floor, pubic hairs in the sinks, and the spray they use to cover it up stinks as bad as the stale urine.
I went here with my significant other several times over the past few years and every time it's the same thing with this guy. Just a real awkward feeling, he explodes on someone for nothing at all. One time he thought my S.O. and I were responsible for bringing smoke into the bar when we just walked in the door. His bar back was on the steps smoking a cigarette, what were we supposed to do? Wait for him to finish ? We are the customers. A competent leader would tell the employee not to smoke at the customer entrance and wouldn't take out his anger on an innocent paying customer.
Poor form, he drags the mood down when he talks about employees and customers behind their back to other customers. Nobody wants to be involved in his problems. That's what this man can't understand. Customers just want food and/or drink. He's not that important. People choose to go elsewhere. I don't want him talking to me about his bartender not doing enough work and causing him to spend the whole evening behind the bar helping out. I don't care. I just want the proper environment for enjoying food and drinks. He isn't a part of that, it sickens me to eat near the man.
He has issues. I don't want him serving or preparing my food or drinks. I just don't trust him. There are so many better choices in that neighborhood.I have decided to land on 4 stars for Pub and Kitchen.
The first experience I ever had there was a 1-star, involving a standoffish waitress, an overcooked $18 hamburger and a lot of angry disappointment.
BUT - my second experience was most definitely a 5-star, in regards to (first and foremost) customer service, food, ambiance and pretty much every other category through which you could judge a gastropub.
So the conclusion here is 4-stars in re:
Service -- depends on the server, but generally friendly, patient, informed, and wearing a nice plaid shirt;
Ambiance -- Cozy and warm;
Food -- When the Churchill Burger is done right - it is done right.  And by right I mean IT TASTES LIKE BONE MARROW RICHNESS HEAVEN.  The Buffalo Chicken Wings might be my favorite thing on the menu.  The Pulled Pork Sandwich sports a decadent layer of swiss cheese that makes the sandwich.  So tasty;
Drink -- "It'll-Do" beer list.  Can't speak to cocktails.Stopped by for dinner during a weekend trip to Philly from NYC. Walked in on a Sat night without a reservation, and the wait was 2 hours long for a party of 4.
My friends and I managed to get seats at the bar, so we just ordered food and beer at the bar instead of waiting 2 hours for a table.
The atmosphere is trendy - The bar area is very long and spacious, but it eventually got really crowded through the evening. I noticed there were maybe only 15-20 dining tables towards the back of the restaurant - goodluck getting seated at a table!
Honey Whiskey Wings - The sauce was sweet, but that's pretty much it. There was no depth in flavor, cant really taste any whiskey in the sauce - nothing too special in my opinion. 
Mussels in Manhattan Clam Chowder - yummy!! i wanted to soak every last drop of the chowder with bread. The mussels also had good flavor.
Disco Fries - I really wanted to like this dish. Handcut fries with peas, ham, chucky cheese sauce and top with a perfectly poached egg. It sounded and looked amazing, but i found the fries too soggy & really greasy. The sauce was bland. It definitely sounded better than it tasted.
Green Beans in almond butter -this side dish was surprisingly wonderful. Probably my favorite dish of the night. The beans were perfectly cooked. Crunchy and seasoned well. The butter sauce was dreamy and I love the touch of almond. Every ingredient in the dish made sense and worked great together.
Lots of beer on tap! Its definitely a good spot for a quick bite and drinks with friends.This place has great atmosphere, great service, and amazing food. I ate the rabbit meatballs and spent the whole time trying to figure out what ingredients contributed to the amazing flavor of the dish. If I could get a seat at the bar I would eat here every day.I went again this past Thursday after dinner at Amis...PnK is usually my favorite place but I was so turned off last night it might be awhile til I head back. 
Three of us were all standing at the bar watching the TV (all star game) and the bartender just up and turned it to some random channel!!! Everyone I was with thought it had to of been a mistake and there was no way that she didn't see us watching!  We ended up not saying anything but someone else must have because within 2 minutes she turned it back....she is the only rude bartender in the whole place...I went here on a Saturday night with high expectations, but was kind of disappointed.  Things started out well: the hostess told us it would be an hour wait, but we got a table within half an hour.  Unfortunately it went downhill from there.  
We ordered the mussels with white wine and lemon. When it arrived after a long wait, the sauce was delicious, but the mussels themselves were a little dried out, like they had been sitting for a while. 
After another looong interval, our entrees finally arrived.  My medium rare burger was medium well at best, which was a huge disappointment, particularly at this place, which seemed like they'd take pride in their burgers!  There was some red juice on the plate, so maybe it was initially medium rare and just sat under the warmer for too long? The fries and pickle were yummy, as were my friend's pulled pork sandwich and fish and chips with mashie peas.  
When I asked the server where my side of brussels sprouts was, he replied, "Oh, the sides have all been coming out way after the entrees."  Um.  If you realize that's happening, maybe someone should fix it.  When they arrived halfway through the meal. they were delicious and steaming hot.  He also never brought me the side of mayo I asked for to go on my burger. 
So, in retrospect, maybe all the problems could be explained by poor service?  Or poor time management in the kitchen?  Either way, it wasn't everything I hoped it'd be!. There are plenty of other better gastropubs in the city!Hard to believe I havent written about this place yet. I have been here a few times both pre and post Eli Collins, and I have to say its still just as good as its always been. They make one of the best bloody marys in the city as well as an always delicious burger. It may have changed a bit, but its still awesome. We took a few friends here to celebrate their engagement recently, and everything really worked out nicely.
We started with a few cocktails, classic mule made with rye for me, and we settled in to a steady conversation of wedding planning and stories of engagement nights. The cocktail was delicious, even with the change from standard vodka in a moscow mule to the rye. The ginger beer and lime combo is bomb.
So many things on the menu caught my eye, but the one we all seemed enticed by was the whiskey and sage bread with ramp butter. We ordered one for the table and I ordered the pulled pork shoulder sandwich. The bread came out warm and covered in a flour "pabbit" the mascot of Pub and Kitchen. It was served on a slate dish with a smear of ramp butter that was deeply satisfying. I could have eaten the entire loaf all by myself. The butter was superb and you could definitely taste the whiskey in the bread.
I was a little bit disappointed when my pulled pork sandwich came out though. When I think of pulled pork, I think BBQ style. Had the sandwich description read porchetta or something of that nature, I would have expected what I got. That being saidm the sandwich was really tasty, an ode to the Philly staple of roast italian pork. It was super messy, I am talking juice running down your arms while you are chomping down messy, but in such a good way. I devoured the entire thing. So tasty. The fries are just as I remembered them, fantastic. They were super crispy.
We even ordered a dessert to share for the table. It was one for the ages, one of the most delicious panna cottas I have ever had. It was a vanilla cardamom panna cotta covered in a mango sauce. It was the most perfectly textured panna cotta I have ever seen. It had just the right amount of jiggle, so that it quivered in its dish when it was set down on the table. The cardamom was just powerful enough to really bring another level of flavor to it, but not overpower the vanilla in any way. Outstanding. Pub and Kitchen is just as good as its ever been. One of my favorite places in the city. Always worth a visit.Excellent vegetarian options, drink menu, and great date night vibes. Used to go often when my partner lived close by, and we are happy to travel across town to visit now!Went here for Brunch on Saturday afternoon. The menu was kind of small and had more lunch choices rather than breakfast where I like an even proportion of both. I ordered the breakfast americana which was good, but nothing extraordinary, but I mean I guess it is kind of hard to make eggs and bacon fabulous. Their fries were delicious though I must say. I wanted to try the Windsor Burger but refrained as I was in a breakfast mood. I hear it is quite delicious and I guess I will have to go back and see.Trendy, slightly hidden, sophisticated eating and drinking establishment.  They actually knew what a Vesper was when my dad order it and they killed it.  The burger was one of the better burgers I have had in my life...and I have eaten a good amount of burgers.This place was no better than OK. The drinks and apps were fine. I got the chicken sandwich for my main course. I did not think a bad chicken sandwich was a thing but I guess I was wrong. It was inedibleAmazing service, food, happy hour specials. All around great vibe, really nice outdoor sidewalk seating.A pleasant enough experience. We arrived quite early (4pmish) for dinner and the place was empty, as expected. I was hoping for a nice leisurely, long, conversation-oriented meal, since I was with a dining companion I hadn't seen in months. Unfortunately because they were slow they bothered the heck out of us-- we had ordered the thai chili mussels (fantastic) and the truffle fries (also great) to share, and then the pulled pork sandwich (messy but good!)-- now I know we were eating slowly but they came back a grand total of SEVEN times to check on us while we were eating the apps to see if we were ready for the sandwich. I mean, come on guys, I know it's sitting there waiting under the heat lamp but try to make it a little less obvious to me, please. 
At one point (although this could have been because I was drinking...) I even observed 3-4 employees standing in the corner just WATCHING us. A little privacy, maybe? Eventually the place started filling up so we got what we wanted. But by then we were ready to go. However, somebody must have recognized my date so they brought out a dessert on the house, and then the server proceeded to have a 5 minute conversation with him about his workplace and the people he knows. Awkward and irritating for me, to say the least. 
But the food was good, the bathroom was clean, and the indie music choices were refreshingly appropriate for this 20-something. I'd return but I'm too busy trying everywhere else in the city too, know what I mean?I've always really liked the ambiance at the bar here, and the other night I had wonderful table service outside for dinner.  The cheeseburger is really good, and their seasonal selections are always creative and delicious.  Plus, when the weather is nice they open the side windows and it's nice to sit both outside or inside by the windows.  Great neighborhood spot!Yum!  The steak was as delicious as the duck and perfectly cooked.  It came with these little hash brown squares that were some of the most delicious potato things I've ever had.  The menu changes seasonally, so they'll probably have something else on the menu, but it's sure to be delicious.  The service is good as well as the drinks.  Everything is casual and cozy.  Great place to meet up with friends or a date for dinner and a drink.I've been here so many times in the past year, I definitely thought I had already written a review! This is one of my favorite places not just within the Graduate Hospital neighborhood, but in the whole city. 
I've had dinner here with friends, with family, for business, for just a quick bite, for more formal occasions and I've popped in for just a couple cocktails a number of times...  I've never had a bad experience -- with drinks, with food or with service.
I actually like that they don't take reservations because then I have just as much a chance of getting dinner here last minute on a Friday or Saturday night as anyone else would. The servers & bartenders are well versed on the menu; they're usually able to answer any questions on the spot without having to step away and "find out." 
It gets noisy - upstairs is much quieter, although still not totally peaceful.The dishes were a bit salty for my taste. The drinks, on the other hand, are definitely the forte of this place. Loved the ambience and laid back atmosphere.My boyfriend and I are in town for the Eagles game. We checked into our Airbnb rental and searched for a place to eat. We saw we were super close to pub and kitchen. We were greeted and seated immediately although the restaurant was packed. Waiter was very knowledgeable about the food. We ordered the cheese platter to start and then split the beer battered sandwich and they P&K burger. None of which disappointed. Food was delicious and service on point. Would definitely return!!I don't know why they don't still sell my favorite dish... The Brussels with lamb bacon seriously haunt me they are so good!! I think about them any time anyone serves Brussels. This place is adorable and I love it here, whether it's breakfast, lunch, dinner, or grabbing a drink. Eat outside and enjoy the flowers and the people watching. Sit at the bar under the beautiful strings of lights. This place is awesome!!!First order a beverage from the pub. Local beers and well made drinks set the mood for the burger you should have planned on eating. 
The kitchen serves up some good looking and tasting food. The highly spoken about burger lives up to the hype. Do the +bacon +egg, I shouldn't have to tell you that.
A nice place to bring any sort of crowd. It is truly equal parts pub + kitchen.Their happy hour has some really good deals and my only complaint is that there aren't enough/if any vegetarian options on the menu.I stopped in here on a late Sunday night for a quiet 21st birthday celebration for one of my friends and was met with good service, good drinks, and good food. 
At first, I didn't get a great impression from our server, who didn't come off as super friendly (at least in the beginning). We told him one of us was turning 21, so we were going to get a drink after midnight, to which our server told us he couldn't serve that person until right at midnight. Obviously, he was right, but he just said this in an almost aggressive tone, so we were sort of surprised. Turns out, our server came thru and served my friend her drink right at midnight! He even put it on the house, which was super nice of him. 
We got a few appetizers, which were all great. We had the chicken liver served over bread. Our server gave us 2 extra pieces to accommodate for the fact that there were more of us than there were pieces of bread normally included in the order. The Jersey Burrata was nicely flavored, and the Smoked Chicken Wings were tasty. Finally, our server threw in a free dessert, which consisted of a super soft, flan-like, sweet cheese which was DELICIOUS. 
Pub & Kitchen really stood out to me because of the amazing experience we had with the service (although we weren't super enthusiastic to begin with). I liked the somewhat low-key atmosphere too!I love Pub & Kitchen! But, more than that I LOVE the Pabbit (their fierce half pig/half rabbit mascot). The Pub & Kitchen is a cozy place with a great bar, fabulous decor and absolutely delicious food. The
first time I went I was surprised to find deviled eggs on the menu. We had to try them and they were great! For the main course I had the short ribs and my husband had the burger (both of which we thought were the best we have had in the city). It is a casual, yet classy place and the perfect night out. We went back again with a large group and I had the gnocci (only because the short ribs were not on the menu the second time around), which still makes my mouth water. The only negatives I can think of is that the place can get very loud and they do not take reservations so you may have to wait, but it is well worth it!The BunnyPig as it's affectionately known as is a great spot for food and friendship! It does get a bit crowded, but it's perf when you can get a table outside!  I've eaten there twice so far, once too long ago to reference and the second time, I had a burger at about 11pm whilst standing at the crowded bar watching the winter olympics, and it was delicious.  It didn't stand out  for any particular reason as far as my burger tastings have gone but it was juicy, perfectly medium rare and hit the spot and sometimes that's just enough!  I drink there often and really like the atmosphere, Chaucers was empty the few times I was in there so they definitely made the most of the location! Kudos!Doesn't live up to its potential. Love the atmosphere and bar but I have never enjoyed a meal there (been there at least 10 times due to it being nearby and friends wanting to go).  Most recently, my food was gross and misrepresented on the menu and the server (who seemed really nice but also really busy trying to get out of there for the night) did not ask to box up my virtually uneaten plate or ask if something was wrong.I've been going to P&K even before it had such a classy name.  Anyone remember Chaucers?!  Yeah, I thought so.
Great date spot as the bar is nice and long and there's even a second bar-like area behind the regular bar.  Since the remodel, the decor looks more woodsy, which sort of makes me feel like I'm at a rustic cabin, which in turn, makes me want to drink more wine.
Amazing happy hour, which begins at 4:00 - perfect for those of us who are educators and looking for a place to celebrate making it to the end of a week.  
The food is pretty stellar too.  I've had the burger, which is always a good option.  As for the prices, they're slightly on the higher side compared to some of the other spots in the neighborhood.  However, I don't mind paying a bit extra for the ambiance, especially since I'm not a dive bar kind of gal anyways.I've been bummed on P&K's food ever since Spring 2009 when they took the fish and chips off the menu (and believe me, I kept trying 'til recently. Goodbye, Churchill burger, too :(( )
I want to continue to like the bar...but going any time past 7:30 pm, it's been pure LOUD CHAOS in there.
To end on a positive, though, I'll keep stopping by every so often for their oyster special. That is, 'til they take that away, too.Food was 3 stars and service and surroundings a 4 so more a 3.5 rating. While hanging downtown with the family ( w/ 2 kids under 3 )we needed a place to sit at a booth and have great food. I had heard about this place from more than a few people. 
Salads were pretty good and the wings as well . They did however overcook my burger and it had no taste. When you are dining with kids and you only have a brief window to eat - it's hard to send back an overcooked burger , especially when you are hungry. Staff was great with my kids and their food came out very quickly. I would go back to try other items and maybe leave the kids with a sitter.Friday I had a chance to go to the Pub & Kitchen for the first time with friends. As far as a bar astmosphere it was great, good bartenders and they had my favorite whiskey which most bars do not carry. A big plus. We waited about an hour an half for a table, as expected it was a Friday night. So we drank more.
Once we seated in the back room area we were greeted by a great waitress who was pleasant and great personallity. The food was subpar to say the least, small portions and extremely expensive based on we ordered. The Cheese plate, I would have to say was a joke, 2 pieces of cheese the size of a stamp and 2 pieces of bread. My girlfriend had the mussels which she said were very bland. I had a burger which was actually really good. My friends had a burger and a salad. 
As bar to drink and hang-out I give it 5 stars, I will return to Pub and Kitchen for drinks.I first tasted Eli Collins amazing food when we was a guest chef at Cook for our holiday party.  His food was excellent and he was so personable that I made a reservation for me and my husband to go to his restaurant last Friday night.  We had surprisingly never been there before.  
The decor/ambiance was great.  we had a nice corner seat in the back and despite the smaller tables and chairs, we didn't feel cramped at all.  
our service was awesome.  the waitstaff was always there when you needed them, but never hoovering.  we both remarked to each other as we were walking out, about how great the service was.
The food was fantastic!  we were in the mood to splurge and had quite a few items:
bread with butter:  hands down - fantastic!
deviled eggs: I wasn't crazy about these, but my husband gobbled them right up
squid salad: this was one of the best appetizers on the menu.  the sauce it came with lightened up the meal and was so tasty.
Gnocchi: the chef sent this up as complementary - this was light and scrumptious
Artic Char - I had this.  the skin was perfectly crispy and the fish was very nicely cooked and very falvorful
Grilled Cheese - my husband had this.  It was gone quickly so I assume it was good.  The french fries were great - thin, crispy and salty.
Overall, a great restaurant to frequently often without breaking the bank.Came in with a friend for late night cocktails and wine. Bartender was friendly, knowledgeable, and offered great drink options. I had the daiquiri. It wasn't the most original cocktails, but was still a smooth and delightful drink. Purchased a bottle of cabernet to go. Yum! To say the least, I'm glad we stopped by.
Decor: Atmosphere was very comforting. Reminded me of a few hip or "in-the-now" spots in LA or NY. Perfect place to take a date.Just get the pork sandwich. It's to die for. I've been there about 4-5 times and always ordered the pork, though I swear to myself each time that I'll get something different. Never happens--that sandwich is just too darn good. My co-diner has ordered the burger, and that seems pretty good (though not the best I've had in the city). Oh, and the cocktails are pretty tasty, if a teeny bit small for the price. Worth a visit, but I can't attest to the quality of anything except the pork.Place is really cool and has a great atmosphere.  they found a good niche and have nailed it.  food is very good, not out of this world but solid.  burger is good not great, really enjoyed the pulled pork and the oysters were outstanding.  it is a great place to go to dinner with friends or hang out grab a beer and watch a game.  if you havent been here it s a must try!Another trendy place with little more  to offer than the place to be seen.
We did not try the bar which was too noisy and too crowded. 
We ate outside and I am reviewing only the restaurant.
We ordered the burger but the waitress said we should order appetizer because the wait was 30 minutes... Thirty minutes for a burger??? Well the burger are all cooked to order and many people are ordering it said the waitress. We were kind of expecting that the food would be cooked a la minute, we were not in a fast food joint.
55 minutes later, our food arrived. One hour to cook two rare hamburger? 
The Burgers were cooked as ordered, good size but a little greasy. Nothing special, just another burger produced by an understaffed kitchen which was not able to produce the food on time.
However, there was no apology for the delay and when the bill came, it was $18 for the burger. Mine was $19.50 because I ordered fries.
Look at the site from Pub and Kitchen... they do not give the price of their burger... Wonder why?
Do the math and you will spend over $70 for 2 burgers and 2 drinks including tax and tips. In my opinion it is not worth it.I live in the neighborhood and love the location and the vibe of the place. But the food was not good. While they seemed fresh the fried things were greasy, the salad was salty and the wings were beyond salty and just not good. so disappointed.This is a great place to have right around the corner! Awesome cocktail list (seasonal, yummy, interesting) and great selection of beer. With so many beer-centric places in Philly, it's nice to have the option of good wine or cocktails. Happy medium for me and my boyfriend, since he's a strictly beer guy. 
We've had drinks a handful of times here and enjoy the chill atmosphere and friendly staff. We've eaten here once and were happy we did. The grilled vegetable appetizer special was out of this world. Very simple - just very fresh grilled vegetables with grilled bread - but the vinaigrette served on the side was so delicious, I asked for the recipe. The corn risotto was awesome.
Our waitress was very friendly, attentive, and incredibly knowledgable with the menus. She had suggestions and answered questions without being pushy in the least.
To top it all off, they have great outdoor seating, which is a huge bonus. I will certainly be back!The plain burger with fries was pretty good, as was my chicken bacon avocado sandwich.  We ate around 4pm on a Sunday afternoon so missed the brunch crowd, but the music was super loud and kind of annoying for that time of day when we wanted a little down time.  
The wait staff (all 3 of them) were pretty attentive, and the food arrived quickly.  We'd probably recommend it to others and would go back if we're ever in the neighborhood again.OMG- another fab brunch place to add to my list of favorites and add to my waistline. A group of us came here after the Broad street run. The atmosphere was vibrant with open windows and, fun music playing through out. They had a fun selection of beers and brunch drinks ( belinis, bloody marys, etc). The table agreed that the food was great. The banger sandwhich and goat cheese omlet I split were so good. I sampled the burger which was delicious. The disco fries are a must! cheese, gravy, ham and a fried egg on top. This place defintiely loves it's eggs but that's ok with me:) Our waitress was awesome also. After working until the early hours the night before she was still pleasant and prompt. If I were you, I'd add Pub and kitchen to your brunch list for sure!it's a really lovely bar, the food was good, but in no way was that burger worth $18. For $18 dollars it should be the most amazing burger in Philly, it should reach up and slap me in the face. I stick by the Royal Tavern Burger, hands down.Went here on recommendation to try the gnudi and I may not be taking recommendations from that person again. They seemed to be pan seared, smothered in butter and then served in a greasy oily mess. Gross. 
Also, trying to get my bartenders attention from him flirting with the female bartender  made my experience even worse. When he finally would come over he acted annoyed that I was breaking up his little moment.I love this place! It's two blocks over from where I live and their fries and beer/wine selection make it a great place to pop into for a snack with a friend during happy hour or a tasty burger for dinner. If you can, actually, I recommend going to happy hour, because it's a chill vibe, great service, and you can actually hear yourself think before they crank up the music for dinner and after! 
The only issue is that the place can get crowded pretty quickly, so it's hard to have a leisurely time there when you feel like you're being rushed out - though the wait staff is polite enough to make it less annoying.  The fact that their bartenders are incredibly cute makes up for that, though!Mussels are some of the best in the city, fiance says the burger his is favorite in the city (it is pretty darn tasty with its dressed shredded lettuce and perfect burger to bun ratio), and their flank steak is pretty memorable. Really fantastic food. The only knock- the noise. The acoustics are really awful and I always walk out of there with ringing in my ears and a sore throat from yelling across the table. If they figured out how to control the sound, we would go back more often!This place is really charming inside and just what you need if you feel like a traditional European pub.  Service is friendly, and there's a huge bar that's nice and open to the street on good days.  But, I think it's overpriced.  Four of us went and had 4-5 small plates and ended up with a bill upwards of $100 - pretty crazy.  The mussels were dry and not too flavorful.  The rest of the food, I can't remember. A nice neighborhood option for a drink.I had dinner here with some friends on a Friday night. The food was very good but the portions for the price are extremely small. They are trying to be a high end restaurant with prices but the food is lacking something to get it there. The muscles were just ok and the lamb was good. Not great, but good. I would go back for a decent meal but would probably get the burger next time. The atmosphere is nice, but it can get very loud inside.Thank you guys so much for hosting Pam's bday this weekend! We all had an amazing time! Missy was awesome, I had the burger and the Grouper and they were both incredible. The upstairs is perfect for hosting a get together of fifty people. Will certainly be back next time I'm in townGreat burger. No, really. Kinda want one right now just thinking about it. It's not cooked to order, but both of the two patties were spot-on medium from edge to center, very juicy, and the flavor seriously rivals Good Dog's. The thin-cut fries were also well-seasoned and crisp.
The deviled eggs were good: topped with some sort of pickled something, which isn't what I expect on a regular deviled egg, but was refreshing/interesting. I also grudgingly tried the octopus, which I usually find too rubbery to get past the texture to the flavor. This octopus wasn't rubbery at all!, which allowed me to realize that I'm just not a huge octopus fan flavor-wise. The sauce with peppers and sausage that went with the octopus was great--great depth of flavor--could really taste the peppers, and the sausage, and the tomato base each separately and all together as layers!May have had the best burger of my life there.  It was a special so I don't know if its every day they have it, but it was made with dry aged ground beef with bacon infused in it (cooked and ground up).  Good beers as well.Churchill burger best burger in city! 
However everything I ate was incredible! It's been several months since I was there and I'm still thinking about the great food.
ORZO mac and cheese was so good and i was very impressed with the beer list. I cannot wait to return!I can see why Pub & Kitchen made the 2012 Top 50 Bar list.  It was a little too classy for some of my dodgeball teammates but there more a dive bar type crowd. They also may of been a little turned off because we grab a spot at the bar and were asked to move seats to back ledge area.  I wasn't a fan of this either.
The food was excellent, I know there menu changes seasonally but if you ever see the brussels sprouts on the menu I highly recommend them.  Minus the seat move the servers were friendly.  I look forward to checking this place out again.I don't know why so many people hate on their burgers! I absolutely hands down love their delicious, melt in your mouth aged ground beef burger set on top of their bone marrow buttered toasted bun! The only reason I think people give it such a negative response is because they are used to paying $7-$9 for a slapped together meat sandwich from their local dive bar. Well Pub & Kitchen is anything but and if you're in the mood for a burger with some class then I suggest stopping in and giving it a try. You won't be sorry.It was a serious travesty that, after living ONE BLOCK away for a year, we hadn't eaten at Pub & Kitchen. Until now. 
Street seats always look filled, so we figured a popular neighborhood place - nearly every night of the week - had to be good. The interior was WAAAY too cold when we arrived for dinner, but thankfully there was an open table outside for the two of us that we snagged. I'd rather be a little warm than freezing, and at least there was a breeze moving the humid air and our ice cold water kept being refilled by attentive staff. 
I wasn't too hungry - heat does that to me - so I decided to order two appetizers and forgo a drink. But my fiance ordered the special IPA they had on tap after our waitress said it was supposedly considered THE BEST IPA out there. He had to agree after his first sip. We didn't wait long for food, and what came out of the kitchen was great. I got the steamed manila clams with fennel, roma tomatoes, and a white wine sauce with two pieces of grilled bread to start, and the clams were cooked perfectly (although I wish there had been a few more!). I even allowed my fiance a piece of bread to sop up the delicious broth, which he loves to do. I also ordered the crispy Farmer's egg, breaded and fried, and served atop poached white asparagus, with prosciutto aspic and pickled mustard. An unusual looking dish, and very minimal, but the subtle flavors work and I cleaned that plate. My fiance went with my suggestion and tried one of their burgers, the Parliament Burger with carver's bacon, english cheddar, pub sauce, and fries. I even got a small bite and that is a damn fine burger - the fries are quite good, too! Now we know why everyone in our 'hood seems to grab a table the moment it's free. Good food, good drinks, and good service - can't ask for much more! We'll be back...to try that other burger...We had lunch here today and I wasn't impressed at all.  The service SUCKED.  We were about to leave when the waiter finally came over.  I was again about to leave when the food finally showed up.  The food was fine, but my burger wasn't worth the $18.  There were only 4 tables including us and a few people at the bar.  When we were finished the waiter kept looking over at us, but never came over.  I finally had to get up and go ask him for the check.  WTF?Quick follow up to my previous review. The Churchill burger is ridiculous, the brussels sprouts are out of this world, and the bone marrow appetizer makes me want to cut off my own leg. That is all. Enjoy!Hoped for better, but it has its charms.
Popped in for an early Sunday dinner on a very warm fall afternoon.  We didn't have to wait for an outside table, but we hadn't been there very long before the traffic started to pick up and people had to wait to be seated.  This place has a great atmosphere; large windows open to the outside, big bar, small tables outside.  Coasters with Tolkien quotes on them and a pig-rabbit logo?  This place is right up my alley!  Unfortunately, those were the high points.  
Service was mediocre at best.  Our waiter was slow at times and too eager to rip unfinished food or drinks out from under us at others.  Plus, he was clearly too cool for school, which someone should remind servers, doesn't feed my incentive to generously tip.  My friend and I had the pulled pork sandwiches.  Good, but I have had better for cheaper.  Fries were not worth eating.
Since it's not in my immediate neighborhood, I wouldn't hurry back, but I would definitely go again to try something else (and another waiter).  It could be a really great place, so I've got my fingers crossed for them.This place is pretty expensive.  I do not mind expensive.  I frequent expensive places.  I like quality too.    This place is not quality.  I've been here a couple times before writing a review because too many people whose opinions said great things about it.  Fuck that noise.  
I've found cocktails to be inconsistent each time I was there.        The bartenders do not know how to make a good drink more complicated than 1 mixer and 1 liquor.  
I'm not a fan of the starters either.  I've never had a full meal here based on the starters.  First off, they're all pretty rich and decadent.  Sounds good, yeah? Every time I tried they've been over salted and if it's hot, a bit burned. 
It's just another place for people in the neighborhood to show people how awesome they are.    The older douche crowd.Coming into Philadelphia for the weekend to visit my sister, hitting up the train directly after work and arriving in late Friday night, meant we were worried about finding a good place to eat.  In DC when its past 11, your options are usually somewhat limited to Jumbo Slice, Ben's Chili Bowl, Amsterdam Falafel or their ilk -- good late night places (well not Jumbo Slice) with cheap satisfying food.  We wanted something more substantial and less greasy, so we were happy when my sister suggested Pub & Kitchen.  Her friends had been raving about it and they served their full menu until 1 am.  
Food:  We ordered a lot at the table, the best part being I got to try it all.  And all of it was great. The most delicious gnocchi I've ever tasted (served with crab and vegetables); amazing wings in honey whiskey sauce (which are also probably the biggest bargain on the menu, a huge plate for $9); a great, perfectly dressed arugula salad with watermelon, mint and feta; and a hearty and flavorful burger.  If I had to choose a weak spot it would be the fries that came with the burger, a little soggy, but such a minor complaint.  Everything else was great.
Drinks: I had (okay several) mojitos, which tasted crisp and clean, with a generous amount of mint and not overdone on the sugar.  I also tried the sangria which was good but nothing to write home about.  Great variety of beers that the rest of the table chose from.
Service: From looking at the other reviews, it seems that service can be spotty.  But we had great service and a fairly attentive server.  It helped that the bar wasn't too crowded but I never felt like I had to wait for anything.
Finally, they have a pig-rabbit for their logo.  Awesome!  (although it creeped out my bf a little bit, I love it).I'm not sure why pub and kitchen has three and half stars on yelp, every time I've eaten here, it was delicious. Pork chop is probably my favorite entree, also like there oysters, whiskey sage bread and cheese plate. This place is one of the better options for grad hospital peeps.Best all around bar/restaurant in the city. P&K Burger rules! Late night is the scene for sub-Rittenhouse area.The first (and second) time I went to P&K, I will be honest, I was not impressed. They feature smaller menus with maybe 4-6 choices under each category - so it's great for people that get intimidated by gigantic menus (I'm looking at you, Cheesecake Factory!). It was a tad more expensive than I thought was fair, for what we got (fish entree, chicken entree, no app, maybe a dessert). 
But. Then I went after the season changed (to fall/winter) and they updated the menu. By god, they're on top of it this time around. Last weekend I joined my parents and boyfriend there and we basically did a tasting menu. Wings, mussels, calamari, bread, steaks for dinner with crispy Brussels sprouts and THE crispiest, most delicious shoe string fries, then a dessert trio of panna cotta (be still my beating heart), funnel cake (good, but I'm still partial to funnel cakes you get straight from a carnie), and... pineapple cake - definitely delicious but I was all over that panna cotta. 
And, not to be forgotten, the service was spot on every time we went - that never changed. Kudos P&K!
Sorry for the lack of pictures, I'll be better next time!Went here last night for restaurant week...hostess Stephanie was awesome n very helpful...we got there a bit late n switched our seats outside cos it was hot as balls inside...took a little bit for our server to arrive n thought maybe it was cos he looked like Rob McElhenney lol...we shld of ordered right away but my buddies had questions n were disappointed with the unfamiliar selections...we place the orders getting one of each of the starters, all got the waygu bavette steak, 2 got the panna cotta n 1 olive oil cake....the chefs special was kinda funky...think it was like chicken liver spread on English muffin bite which to me tasted like slightly oily pb&j (it was interesting). The heirloom tomato salad was blah, the ricotta gnnochi was rich n heavy but the cape cod  mussels were pretty awesome but then I love mussels!! Svc was so slow man...dude kept forgetting to get our refills, plates, utensils from the start n we didn't know he was waiting for us to let him know we were done with the apps so we were hungry when the mains came out...The medium rare waygu bavette steak was good for me...my buddies were still disappointed with the foreign looking apps n they were happy to see red meat n potatoes lol...desert was pretty good..enjoyed the panna cotta...I think the non restaurant week items wld probably make for a better first impression as the best part of my meal were the mussels by far..cant say if the slow forgetful service was a factor as we were there for like 2 hrs but was a bit underwhelmed. I'd say my meal was good enough for me to want to come back to try the other items like the rabbit meatball or Arctic charAlright alright, it was hard to get used to the idea of somewhere other than Chaucers filling the space at 20th & Lombard. I mean, my dad used to take me there in my nightgown before bed when I was a kid and they would serve me milk in a pint glass! Its hard to lose those memories. 
Buuut....as Pub & Kitchen it has been getting so many good reviews, we knew we had to try it. And it was pretty good. 
We didn't have to wait for a table when we arrived (around 6:45), (but no reservations, so any later we probably would have had to wait). We were seated in a small table in between the two sets of booths. We immeadiately deemed these tables awful and just a way to make a few extra bucks. We were in everyones way and people kept banging into us and it was kind of awful. 
Overlooking that, we ordered 1/2 oysters, which had a great little sauce and hubs ordered fish and chips and I had the Chicken Confit. 
The hubs died for his fish and chips and cleared his plate entirely. Two huge pieces of deep fried fish, skinny fries and mushy peas (ew IMO). My chicken was pretty good, although fairly oversalted, but the parmesan polenta and stewed tomatoes were delish! 
They also carry our favorite UK brew, Old Speckled Hen, so that was a plus. 
Another plus: The music!! It was perfect: Beatles, Elton, The Police, Tom Petty. The music made it feel like it was still Chaucers. 
The strangest thing though: There were too many staff. It seemed like there was at least one staff for every three or four costumers and it was fairly offputting...They were the worst culprits when it came to banging into our table. 
Overall, enjoyable...but there are still some kinks to work out. 
xoPub and Kitchen is the first place we went to after we moved to the area and we've been back a few times since. Great beer selection. Great cocktails. Upscale pub fare. The Parliament burger is heavenly. It's hard to resist it when I go in, but I've managed at dinner to try their specials on a couple of occasions. Had an excellent short rib special one night, and, most recently, a mahi mahi special served with choizo kale and mashed pumpkin. 
The atmosphere is great on nice days when they have the windows wide open. It can get dark inside at night and rather noisy when it's crowded. But overall, a comfortable neighborhood pub.Excellent food and service! My waiter was really friendly and attentive. The tempura shishito peppers and grilled squid stuffed with chorizo were fantastic. I'll keep this my go to neighborhood bar in Philadelphia.Before I begin this review, I first have to make mention of how their odd name! We spent at least a good 10-15 minutes trying to figure out 1. what the heck the name of the restaurant was and 2. whether that was a rabbit or a pig or what on the front cover of the menu. 
After a tough night of drinking on a huge ship we headed here for some brunch (but not before a stop at a pharmacy for some much needed advil for me!). We ended up whiling away the better part of the day at an outside table, in the warm sunshine and it was only towards the end of our time their that I was able to down any solid food.
However, I had no problems throwing back those alcoholic liquids. What can I say, that hair of the dog theory is completely true! I was pleasantly surprised with their selection of beer and ended up ordering a Duckrabbit Porter and a Sixpoint Bengali Tiger IPA. Both delicious! 
Anyway, this is all beside the point. 
The only food I actually ate were their fries with truffle dijonnaise which came in a huge container and tasted absolutely delicious! I wish I had ordered more of their creations because, judging from my friends' reactions, they were all full of flavor and completely satisfying.
The only negative I have is that our waiter was a bit inattentive and forgetful. Although, oddly, one of the other waiters randomly came over to ask how we were doing at one point- but since they don't wear uniforms of any sort we were a bit confused and thought for awhile that it was a crazy stranger off the streets!Went here for dinner and sat at the bar. Good draught selection as well as cans / bottles. Cocktails also looked interesting.  Had the skirt steak to eat. Asked for rare but bartender suggested medium rare, and I agreed. Chard very good. Croquettes a little too bready for me. Steak delicious. They do seem to like their salt, which I'm not a huge fan of. They had two tvs in the bar, both on sports which was nice. Bartenders were attentive but not annoyingly. Parking situation wasn't great, but there was a garage a block away that I used. Outdoor seating looked nice as well. Would come backI normally don't like fish when I order it at restaurants. The trout was amazing. The Churchhill burger was to die for. I was disappointed, however, that they didn't have a few of the beers that I wanted to try.The food was fantastic!!!! More importantly our server Lilly was a true GEM!  As a seasoned hospitality professional I seldom have a flawless dining experience and have rather high expectations on both the culinary and the service front and Lilly truly delivered EXCEPTIONAL service...  Her food knowledge was on point!  We had the Tuna appetizer and it was outstanding!!!  The steak was good although we weren't huge fans of the sauce that came with it and our potatoes were under-cooked a bit but the overall experience was so great that we didn't even bother mentioning it which in all fairness we should have to allow the kitchen an opportunity to redeem the dish but we were just in heaven so no harm done! The Octopus special was BEYOND AMAZING!!!!  Lilly went above and beyond!  I am deff coming back!!!AWFUL service will not return to Pub & Kitchen.  After we were seated outside the server berated us when we ordered two salads and fries for four people that "outside tables are only for dinner."  It was 10 PM and the hostess had said sitting outside was fine -  I told the server that we had discussed it with the hostess, at which point the server rolled her eyes and said she would have to go check with the hostess.  After five awkward minutes of feeling like scolded children, the server came back and said that she would let us sit there (was she doing us a favor?) but if someone wanted the table to eat, then she would move us.  I said, "Even though two of the four of us are eating?" and she said, very condescendingly, "Sweetheart, you're just eating SALADS."  I was completely offended and flabbergasted - it was a really hostile tone from our server for no apparent reason - there were no parties waiting for tables, it was 10 PM, and we actually HAD ordered food.  We joked that we should have engaged in a philosophical argument about what dinner constituted.
Needless to say that we were feeling pretty uncomfortable and so we left.  When we went to let the server know as a courtesy so she wouldn't fill our order, she basically begged us to stay, compounding the awkwardness.
Pub & Kitchen is in my neighborhood and it has been one of my favorite spots because of the delicious food and beer.  I suggested that my boyfriend and I go on a double date last night around 10 PM to grab a drink and a snack.  It was beautiful out so we asked to sit outside - and that's where the trouble started.
I won't be returning and I am pretty blown away by our experience.I live right around the corner and never thought that much of the food.  
UNTIL i went for brunch today and got the smoked salmon with the pretzel roll.  it came on a platter with cream cheese, capers, onion, tomato and cucumbers.  it was SO good i can't stop thinking about it!!  I'm not even a fan of salmon!
my friends got.. the churchill burger, which was good.  the bangers sandwich, which was greaaat (but very filling).  and the french toast, which was very (maybe too) sweet.
I loved that it wasn't crowded, nothing worse than being hungover and waiting forever in a packed restaurant.  
cannot wait to brunch againBecause it's so darn close, my husband and I have been here several times and I must say, we've been progressively more disappointed, which is why I'm writing this review. Unless you plan on dining at P&K in the 5:00 hour, it's very crowded and loud, to the point where we have to shout to hear each other across the table. So much for intimate conversation! Another thing we have noticed is that we are treated differently if one (or both) of us orders an alcoholic beverage. We're not big drinkers and when we choose not to have beer or wine with our meal, we shouldn't feel pressured to do so in the hopes that we'll receive better service. A classic example: the last time we were there, our waitress was visibly disappointed that we weren't ordering drinks and told us that the kitchen was backed up about 30 minutes and that it would probably take a while for us to get our food. We waited for a little while, and the waitress came back once or twice to see if we wanted anything from the bar, until my husband finally caved and ordered a beer. Wouldn't you know it - the waitress's attitude changed and our food came out about a minute later. How convenient. Finally, a note about the food. We've been with P&K through a few menu changes now and the latest menu revision is very disappointing. They got rid of our favorite items on the menu - the BBQ pulled pork sandwich and the Parliament burger. The menu offers a roasted pork sandwich, which is supposed to be a spin-off of the kind you'd get at DiNic's in Reading Terminal, but it fails. The only burger choice is now the $18 burger (Churchill, I think?), probably due to the fact that when they had 2 burger choices, I'm sure more people ordered the $14 option. Clever. Speaking of the new pork sandwich and burger, just a heads-up: they will ask you if you want a salad or fries, even though they charge you extra for the fries, a fact that they fail to disclose when you think you actually have an equal choice. I think the bottom line for us is that we don't really have a reason to come back here for a while, between the disappointing menu and the tacit pressure to order alcohol.If you are going to screw me in a dark room in public at least take my pants off first so I can have fun and if your charge me $18 for a burger and $8 for a sippy cup of beer i want my toes to curl... not the case. I am disappointed I use to like this place and it was never this expensive or lacking in quality  just stopped in for a quick bite to eat and pretty much had to remortgage the house so i didn't have to wash dishes to cover my tab and for what? 
Look i don't mind paying for quality, but this just wasn't the case. get over yourself pubs kitchen get over it !The ambiance is the best thing about Pub and Kitchen. It has a very homey, old-world pub feel to it that is quite nice and relaxing. The drinks are solid and inspired, if not the most expertly crafted out there. I had a barrel-aged Manhattan made with rye instead of bourbon. It was good, though I prefer the complexity and richness of bourbon. I really enjoyed my friend's Black Cat, which had some kind of chili-infused tequila and Mexican coke. It was a bit sweet, but super tasty.
I didn't try the food, having just waddled over from a big dinner at El Rey, but my friends who did eat had only good things to say about it, even in spite of the prices. I'd definitely come back here for a night of relatively low-key revelry with the pals.This is a perfect option for an outdoor brunch with friends. We made a reservation for four in advance and came around 11:00am, which I think is necessary since they have limited seating outside.
The food was delicious. The waitress reminded us that heirloom tomatoes are at the peak of their season, so the BLTs became a no-brainer. They did not disappoint. I also recommend the french toast, which is pretty unique for french toast with the banana, almond, and cocoa nib butter. I liked that it wasn't overly sweet and the sourdough added an interesting flavor. On my next visit, it would be hard not to choose these two dishes again because they are downright crave-able.
We had one hiccup where the kitchen sent one of us the wrong dish, but it was corrected pretty quickly. I would recommend the Bloody Rooster over the Wrangler if you like a spicier drink.
The ambience was relaxing and peaceful for Center City. It's located on a quiet street. The sidewalk where the outdoor tables sit is pretty large, so you don't feel crammed against the restaurant or too close to people walking by. Overall, it was a very enjoyable experience for our party of four!Much more of an authentic English pub than the Dandelion but the food is not as good.  The burger (we asked for medium rare and got a square patty that was medium at best) was very tasteless and not juicy at all, but the fries were good.  The Thai chili mussels were very disappointing b/c it seemed that the mussels were not cooked in the sauce, which was pretty tasty.  The outside area seemed really nice but it's still much too cold outside.  We really enjoyed the ale that the waitress recommended -- it was dark chocolatey and very good.  Very chill place to hang out on weekends but think the food is kinda pricey and not very quality.Third times a ... well, I wanted it to be a charm, but it was another dud.  I really wanted to like Pub and Kitchen since I live two blocks away and thought that something a little more trendy would be a nice addition to the Graduate Hospital neighborhood.  I've been there three times now, and had dinner and drinks each time.  The food has ranged from barely edible to decent, but certainly nothing impressive.  I could put up with okay food if the atmosphere was welcoming and I still saw the value, but with the nose-in-the-air attitude and prices equivalent to some of the nicer Rittenhouse restaurants, I don't see any reason to return to Pub and Kitchen.Went there one time drunk off my ass with some friends. Hipster Paradise. $5 bottled beer. I asked the bartender if the place was called "Rabbit Pig" because the pretenious prick owners thought it would be cool to not have a name anywhere on the building. The bartender then asked us to leave. Place sucks.One of our favorites in the neighborhood! Have been probably 30 times in the 5 years we've lived in Philly. Atmosphere, food, and service are always fantastic!Went on a friday night for drinks. The atmosphere was lively and gregarious. Sat at the bar to order drinks and we ordered beers. At that moment, I believe the bar tender lost interest in us for not ordering signature cocktails. Did not get the same detail of bar tending as the other bar customers. Great environment and will come back and get some food next time.CHURCHILL Burger = Awesome. If that's all they did, they'd get 5 stars right there.
There's a reason why the menu goes out of its way to note that it's made from meat provided by NYC's LaFrieda Meats.  Any time anybody mentions that they are cooking with LaFrieda Meats, it should be reason enough to order whatever it is (unless you live next to a Shake Shack in NYC, and need to avoid getting a heart attack from daily burger consumption or something).  Got it medium rare, it came out coked to the perfect point of warm, juicy, pink, and ohsoflavorful.  Mr. R and I stopped talking, both focused on the experience of the Churchill burger.  At $18 it's not cheap, but in the case of the Churchill burger, you do get what you pay for,  and it's one hell of a burger made from excellent quality meat.  
We had it with a side dish of brussel sprouts, which were good but not crispy enough on the outside and a little mush on the inside.  Nonetheless, there was not a single bit left in the bowl at the end.  The fries that came with it were crispy and dark, but over salted.  Sadly, I left 4 or 5 fries on the plate when my glass of water ran out and I just couldn't finish the fries.  I never leave fries behind.   Minus one star.
We were there Thurs night around 9pm and were seated right away, but half way through dinner the music got louder as the bar got a little more crowded, and when Mr. R and I were ready to acknowledge each other again (now that our burgers was completely consumed), we couldn't carry on any conversation.   I've never been one to favor the bustling social bar scene though, so others may recommend going later when it's more "lively" - as for me, and those who like the slower paced laid-back pub feel, I'd say go earlier in the night. Minus another star.
Our server was fine, waters refilled, food arriving fairly fast - but at the end we couldn't find a single staff member to flag down for our check (nobody even walked by and it's a tiny establishment) for a little while, they might have been a tad short staffed, or we came as they were going from "kitchen" mode to "pub" mode or something...?  (eh, we'll say zero stars removed or added)
But, for that Churchill burger, I'd do it all over again.My stars, you kids are brilliant.
'Twas Yelp and the camelback-breaking words of two Philly CMs that steered our crew to P&K's first ever disco brunch. A dining room swollen with Broad Street Runners received plate after plate of refined pub grub. Not just burgers and fries, good sir; these are Creekstone Farm dry-aged custom blended burgers from Pat LaFrieda Meats in New York City and disco fries topped with swiss, ham cream gravy and a sunny side egg. Le posh.
And what a day for al fresco dining! Sidewalk options outside floor-to-ceiling window walls put you under the sun with feel ostracized from the buzzing bar scene. Drinks are fun and frisky, but being a dude, I found The Wrangler (an extra prickly Bloody Manly) and stuck with it. Every entree attracted and our party of six opted to just makes things easier and not order what anyone else did. For my venture, the fish and chips, Maine haddock in a perfect fry over the spud sidekick and a dollop of mushy peas. Found the dish exquisite in flavor and texture, portioned correctly albeit somewhat pricey at $17. 
Matter of fact, if every item on the food menu was $2-3 less, this would be a near-perfect spot. The service shines, the location spearheads trendy and the tunes infect us with Night Fever, Night Feverrrr. Thanks again Yelp Philly genii - you've picked another winner!This place was really cool. My husband and I sat outside on a Thursday night so the street was a little busy but it was great for people watching. Our server was very helpful and knowledgable. Food was great, cooked well and came out quickly. They have a pretty good drink list as well. Only drawback-there aren't any vegetarian entrees, only small plates and salads. This was fine for me since I wasn't starving and a salad and a side of fries worked just fine but it would nice to have a veggie burger or veggie sandwich of some sort on the menu.Went here after a long break tonight with the girls and really enjoyed it.
First, there was no wait, which was exciting after long lines at Monk's.  We got seated at a cute table in the back room right away.  Our service was attentive and friendly, even with our 101 questions about what was on the menu.
We had drinks and wine to start, and ordered some french fries because we were really hungry!  Love the fries and the truffle dijonaisse that comes with it.  We polished them off in a sadly short time.
My friend had the po'boy sandwich, which was a fishcake of tilapia and came with a side of salad.  She liked that it was lightly breaded and tasted fresh.  I had the english onion soup--it was excellent!  I love  onion soup and this was a great example--cheesy and warm and oniony.  Great for fall nights.  Another friend tried the butternut squash soup, which she also loved.  We both had the farmer's salads, which were lightly dressed and filled with fresh veg. We couldn't ID all the components, but they all were all fresh and light.  
I also ordered the deviled eggs--they were interesting.  The eggs were hard boiled and served with a tasty, tangy deviled egg sauce on the side for dipping.  Very very good.
We finished with the carrot/ginger cake which was another lovely fall ending.  
All together, an enjoyable Sunday evening.My overall experience at Pub & Kitchen was wonderful! It was pretty busy for a Saturday night, which made it a little bit hard to hold a conversation. The burgers are delicious and the drinks are wonderful! The only negative that I have is that it's a bit pricey but I would definitely worth the price!I am so sad to write that I really had a negative experience at Pub and Kitchen.  I arrived at this restaurant with a medium size group of friends (6 of us) for a sendoff dinner for a couple moving to Arizona.  The hostess had trouble accommodating us and acted slightly put out.  It was my first time to the restaurant since it was updated and revamped and became Pub and Kitchen.  Upon looking at the menu I realized there were not many Vegetarian options.  i asked our waiter if the kitchen could alter an entree and make it Veg friendly for me....and he snidely suggest I try the side of brussel sprouts.  I explained I was more hungry then for just a small side plate and he simple repeated himself, "your best bet are the brussel sprouts."  Such a bummer.  I used to frequent this place when it was Chaucer's.  Just walking in the door made me feel nostalgic.  I really wanted to enjoy my dinner there.  I would give Pub and Kitchen a second chance cause I am a forgiving lady, but I do hope they would be slightly more accommodating to someone with dietary restrictions.  I have lots of friends who love this restaurant and I would like to join them for dinner sometime!This is my brunch review: 
1. I'm a Philly girl, I love soft pretzels.
2. I'm a Jewish girl, I love smoked salmon.
3. I'm a party girl, I love booze. 
So when you mix all three of them, put them on a plate together and then put that plate at a restaurant down the street from my house, it's a total deal maker. 
All I'm saying is that the toasted fennel soft pretzel with vodka cured salmon is amazing. And their brunch drinks (many of which contain my fave, st. germain) are amazing.
I just feel very blessed to have P&K brunch in my life.
I CAN'T BELIEVE THAT I FORGOT TO MENTION THAT ABBA WAS PLAYING. 
I'm upping the star count for Waterloo.Good drinks, fun times. MUST eat the chicken liver toast...it is delicious! My friend had said that he was too full to eat anything but after sampling the chicken liver toast, took half of my order! The smoked wings weren't for me but I can see how other people would enjoy the smokiness of the wings with the picked cabbage.I don't love it here. The food is mediocre at best. The menu is tiny and there is only one burger, and it's not a regular lettuce/tomato/ cheese burger. The burger I got today, off the special Fourth of July menu -- so I realize it's a little different than the normal menu, but why further limit your burger selection on the Fourth? The regular menu didn't include *any* burgers -- was a single, 3 oz patty. I asked if it could be cooked medium and was told that it would arrive medium to medium well, as it was too small to cook to  preference. Medium well?? But it's $15 and I would really prefer medium. I didn't say that bc the server seemed mad that I would ask for a specific temperature. So I asked if I could have fries instead of the sides that were included (potato salad, corn cob, and chips) and was told 'no', but I could order a side of fries in addition to the sides that I didn't want. So, not easy to order burger and fries on the Fourth. 
The burger that arrived, tiny as indicated, was covered in pickles and onions so that you could barely taste the meat and was really salty. My husband got the pork sandwich and it was a mess, covered in the sauce that comes with it. It fell apart immediately and was not well seasoned. The fries he got weren't seasoned either. 
I've eaten here before and those experiences were better, but I haven't had a good experience yet. I thought that P&K was supposed to be so amazing, with really good burgers ( I really love burgers!!! ) but how can that be true when only one is on the menu??? And it doesn't even come with a tomato, I think that's so weird. 
It is a beautiful restaurant and might be ok for drinks only, especially with big open windows and outside seating. The beer menu looked accommodating and there were more than a couple wines by the glass, but the lackluster, messy food, combined with servers who seemed annoyed from the moment you walk in, made me give it two stars. 
Hopefully I've just had random bad experiences, but it will be awhile before I go back.This place is confounding to me - so am going with 'hit or miss' yet feeling slightly bad about that. 
First, it is uncomfortably loud because they put the music up high and then people talk louder to make up for it. I think that surprised me because it's so cute inside! I expected so much better given the look and feel that they would opt for this. 
The drinks were okay - the old fashioned was nice, but the January special had WAY too much crushed ice and looked like a beach drink. (Yes, in January - the last thing I want in 20 degree weather is an icy drink.) 
Service was nice. She was frustrated with us (understandably because my friend could not decide what to order) but attentive and helpful. 
Appetizer (squid) was fantastic - I would definitely order it again because the celery root and almonds were so tasty. My entree (risotto) was terrible though. The rice was not cooked long enough (I don't want it mushy, but it should not be crunchy) and the oysters tasted wrong. The whole thing was cold. (I kind of want my $22 back!) 
Overall, it is definitely not worth the price. If I went back it would be for a drink and an appetizer at the bar.Recently I have been here for both lunch and dinner.
Overall I think this place is fantastic with servers always being very polite and informative.
For an appetizer we had the whiskey bread which is delicious. Everything I have had here has always been great and will definitely be going again.This is a solid place that offers solid food in a place where a group of people can convene casually. The fried chicken was solid, as was the lamb burger. I got the shakshuka, which had good bread, but was just solid, nothing special. This is a great place to hang out with a group of people but does not have food that supersedes that.Went back tonight hoping for a better time, this time we ate. 
Meh. I really wanted to like this place, I'm now amazed the locals keep coming here, they must truly be desperate. 
Menu is overpriced for the mediocre quality. It offers a non-inspiring small selection. 5 entrees? Nothing healthy to eat on the menu at all. We ordered the mussels. They are bad. No really, I dare you to eat them tonight.. sauce is ok at best, and literally the mussels are spoiled. 1 burger selection?
This place gets 1 star for nice atmosphere, another for decent beers...... 
Btw, Victory Wheat.. yeah that should be a 16oz pour for $6.. it doesn't belong in a 12oz glass for $6. Terrible.I frequent many pubs , like Pub and Kitchen in Philly. They blew my mind and fulfilled my need for good food and drink. 
I had their Sausage entree- YUM! and my partner had their Churchill burger and that was equally extraordinary. 
The service was great. I have no idea why some of these reviews bash the service, then again, being myself in the food industry, some people are just too hard to please. 
I recommend this bar because it is unique and delicious. Thank you Chefs!I had an amazing dinner with amazing service at Pub & Kitchen. I went in November when it was chilly out, but I'm really looking forward to going back when they have outdoor seating set up. Our server explained to us how fresh their food is, line caught fish, farm grown veggies, etc. And it definitely shows. 
The only reason I didn't rate them higher is because I felt the servings were quite small given the price. I don't at all feel like I was ripped off, and I understand quality food comes with a price tag. It's just that if we hadn't ordered extra food, we would have left unsatisfied. Three of us split four meals and they were all incredible and some were certainly more filling than others. 
The stand-out entrees were the rabbit (Rabbit!) meatballs served over polenta which was excellent. The flounder was also incredible, but stood out as a dish that was particularly small. Super tasty fish, clams, tomatoes, and a tasty sauce. Just not enough. Maybe I'm just greedy. 
The atmosphere was wonderful and our server was able to help us out with everything from cocktails and beers to entrees. I'd totally recommend this place to anyone, but you might not want to get there absolutely starving.Reside near by so come here out of convenience. Was hoping to make it my neighborhood spot but I'd recommend walking a few blocks away for better options. In addition, the food is not consistent at all and it is way overpriced because they have no real competition. Don't expect much and you might not be disappointed. Simply blah...service doesn't meet the price.Big ups to Johnny Mac and crew for transforming skeevy, dank Chaucer's in to a nifty new gastropub. 
Rittenhouse smug suits party at the lengthy wooden bar beside hip kids who rode their bikes in from South Philly.  The menu, while not extensive, has a strong variety and you are sure to find something intriguing. 
Double ups for the burger dressed in artisanal bacon and fried onions in a wicked buttery bun, Cape May salts oysters on the half shell, and petite mussels in fragrant, wine-sparked broth. 
Minus one up for our server, who was ingratiatingly fawning all over us until our boyfriends showed up- that's  when Mr. That's a Rad Purse became all hurt sulks and frosty absences. 
All in all, a cool new addition to the Rittenhouse-GHo scene that will surely enhance the 'hood.  Get that burger!Pub and Kitchen is a solid neighborhood place.  The food is always tasty (they have a very good burger and I highly recoomend the lamb tartar that's on their menu currently).  Wait staff is always pleasant and attentive.  I've never had a bad experience here.OK, so I want to give this place a better review. I live right down the street and nothing makes me more excited than a brand new place in walking distance. I have visited the place 3 times and all three times I had, not just bad, but terrible service. The one guy waiter has such a bad attitude and NO sense of humor at all. The hostesses think they are Paris Hilton, piss poor attitudes and such. Two out of the three times our food came out wrong and the third time we had to argue with the waiter to remove the wings from the bill (they never came to the table). Once we were over charged for wine that we did not order. Additionally, the year on the wine menu did not match the year on the bottle that arrived at our table. Any wine lover will know that the difference in the year will change the price of the wine entirely. The servers at Pub and Kitchen do not seem to understand the little things that make a quality customer service experience, they seem to not care at all. Do not even think of asking for a substitution...the first server we had at this place looked like a deer in headlights when we asked for caramelized onions on the burger (instead of the pickled onions), she told us that the chef would "freak" if she asked him that. 
The final nail in the coffin for me was on election day. The restaurant has a few very nice flat screen TV's and I asked the server if he could turn on the TV at the bar so I could see the poll results as they came in. He said he would check and came back and said "no". I said, "do the TV's not work?" He said, yes, they work but wee are not turning them on tonight. I was kinda shocked that on election night the TVs were blank but they are on at all other times during the week. 
So, even though I think the food is pretty good, I am over the attitude at this place. I would rather just walk to 10 Stone or take a few more steps and head into Rittenhouse. I hope the owner reviews these responses and makes some positive changes to the customer service, I would love to see it turn around so I can add them back to my good list.For starters, great ambience and decor. I tried 2 appetizers the chilled corn soup and a burrata plate. The soup was amazing. If you're a soup person you'll like it. I wasn't digging the burrata but I think that's personal choice. We all like different things. I had a drink but I can't remember what it was but it was good. My friends had other drinks and food and they said it was good. The service was great. I can't remember her name but she was friendly and helpful at the bar.  Think you'll like this placePub & Kitchen is a pretty average neighborhood casual eatery.  The foie gras was nicely presented and the best tasting dish of the evening.  Duck terrine had a nice meaty texture.  The octopus starter only hit one muddled note of flavor.  The burger was good but not great. My main was a special of Maryland line caught stripped bass over farro cooked in a risotto style, but, it just seemed normally cooked in a pot over low heat.  Artichokes in the dish added a nice kick of acid.  Pub & Kitchen is probably closer to 3.5 stars but I did not find anything to push it into 4 star territory.  Service was very friendly and helpful.Definitely try this place out!!  I went to dinner this past Saturday with some of my cousins from New York.  Not only was the food incredible (I got the burger and my girlfriend got the pork chop which were both equally amazing), but the chef (Eli) came out to personally check on us to ensure everything was perfect.  How often does that happen??  The chef...  Checking in on customers!  The beer selection was impressive as well!  Between the food and the service, I'd rate this place to be a minimum of 5 stars (not to mention it has one of the best burgers in the city).Not too many gastro-pubs can get away with not having a catchy name. Or any kind of name.  
Pub & Kitchen won't get any marketing awards for its nomenclature. 
It doesn't need any.  The pub's beers and cocktails are dialed in. The kitchen's menu is spot on.  
I popped in recently for happy hour.  I was in the mood for their Old Fashioned, which I've enjoyed there many a time. Much to my pleasant surprise, Travis, the most charming and self deprecating of bar tenders, offered me one on tap. 
Well, that was a first. Old Fashioneds on tap! Who can say no?  Not me. 
He had made the batch himself. It was fresh, flavorful, and satisfying. Delicious. He claimed that "over-proofed bourbon and lots of love" were the special ingredients. Whatever it was, it was perfect. 
The menu offerings are similarly fresh, flavorful, and satisfying.  Go for the burger and fries. Spilt it with a friend if you're a calorie counter. All kinds of options for all kinds of tastes. 
Eat outside along 20th street if you can. You'll run into a neighbor. Or make a new friend.great food, good drinks...nice atmosphere!Who would have thought that mushy peas would actually be fantastic? That was my recent surprise at Pub & Kitchen, where I took and out of town friend. 
We started with a cheese-plate appetizer. The selection was well-balanced, and just enough for 2 people. 
But it was the fish and chips with mushy peas that was the real surprise. The fish was excellent - golden on the outside but light and flaky inside. The chips were pleasant. But it was the mushy peas side that was just amazing. They were fresh, green and just hinting of curry. What was really embarrassing is I told the server there was no way I was going to eat them when I saw them on the menu, but he told me he was going to leave them on my plate anyway, because I just might change my mind. He was 100% correct. 
I'll definitely return.Very good food, had the braised short rib; good portion size, cooked perfectly and very tasty.  For appetizers, get the brussels sprouts, best I've ever had in my life.  The salads are also very tasty.  People I was with got the fish and chips was pretty good, not memorable though.
Ambiance is a little too dark, cannot even read the menus at night, staff was very friendly.I hosted a bridal shower here. It was awesome. Private room upstairs. Very homey feeling. Nice an intimate with your own bar. Kim was amazing and Laura was very fast to respond and came in to make sure everything went as planned. It was absolutely perfect. The food was great. Guests literally lined up for the French toast. Brunch menu was fantastic. Everyone had an excellent time and I got so many compliments on the venue and the food. Would come back any time!After several failed attempts to dine at Pub & Kitchen, I finally decided on a slow Saturday afternoon that me and a buddy would get downtown to try the famed Churchill burger.
A burger without cheese? That's not for me... or so I thought. The Churchill burger really focuses on the much praised Pat LaFrieda ground beef that is specially blended for Pub & Kitchen. Topped with only caramelized onions, this burger is a punch in the mouth of beefy goodness. I got mine cooked to perfection at medium rare and washed it all down with one of their cask conditions whiskey cocktails.... what an afternoon... I couldn't do anything to keep myself from taking a very satisfied whiskey and beef fueled nap.Food = DELICIOUS
Service = hilarious
Noise level = DEAFENING
Loved this place but REALLY loud and really dark. I get that that is what they're going for. It has a unique feel. The food is unique too. I just didn't expect it to be SO LOUD. It's almost impossible to have a conversation.Fine as a pub, bad as a kitchen. Simply put, the food was not good. My fish was overcooked, bland, and soggy. The green sauce was excessively oily. The dessert pudding tasted fine, but could easily have come from the frozen aisle at Trader Joe's. The green beans looked like green beans, but tasted like nothing. 
On the plus side, the wine was very good.Great crowd. Great service. Good food. Bad prices. Sat outside at a highly coveted sidewalk table on Friday night to celebrate a friend's birthday. Had the beet salad and some mussels. Also had a few glasses of savignon blanc. The prices are just too high - I know it is Rittenhouse Light, but you can do better than that.Prior to my visit to Pub and Kitchen, I was a little nervous about the number of negative Yelp reviews regarding the change in chef/menu (the "FAMOUS" burger was gone!).  But it was my husband's birthday and P&K was his choice, so off we went!
I really liked the atmosphere of this place.  It was dark, but not too dark.  Cozy but still felt more upscale than a local joint.  Our waitress was attentive and friendly.  Plus they had a good beer list.  I was hooked before our food arrived.
For our meal, we tried the smoked salmon topped deviled eggs and homemade potato chips with a cauliflower cheese dip to start.  I went with a steak, while my husband went with the burger (despite it not being the "FAMOUS" one).
The smoked salmon deviled eggs were amazing.  I'm pretty sure I ate mine in about one second flat.  The chips with the cheese dip were equally as tasty.  I wish they had come with some veggies or other accoutrement-- the chip to dip ratio was too low!  And I TOTALLY DID NOT eat the rest of the dip with a fork ...
So about my entree.  Words cannot describe how fast I ate that dish.  The meat was cooked perfectly, and it came with some delicious sauteed scallions and onions and a potato rosti (block of scalloped potatoes, for those of you like me who had no clue what that was).  Everything was covered in this delicious au jus.  As for the birthday boy, he enjoyed his burger, but clearly not as much as I loved my meal.  If you visit and the steak is being served, please order it.
So why 5 stars?  I debated between 4 and 5.  There were a couple of things that bugged me (menu is not posted online, prices were a tad high, tables were very close to each other) but ultimately, I decided that because a month later I was still dreaming of that steak and those deviled eggs and that heavenly cheese dip that I TOTALLY DID NOT eat with a fork... this place definitely deserved all 5 stars.pretty place, although I sat outside so I didn't seem much of the interior. 
The staff was attentive and friendly, although after holding up an outside table for 2.5 hours they started to stare us down and took everything off the table so we would get the hell out.
The food was all right. Fries are reminiscent of nodding head's and slightly Monkish. Burger was ok, but they do not how to differentiate medium rare, medium, and medium well. I asked for medium well and they gave me medium rare. I had them cook it again. I asked for just a little more cooked and it came back well, well done (aka outside burned to char). 
Prices are all right, although some items are steep.
Overall cool place...won't be rushing back but could be convinced to go back.Have been here roughly 15 times in the past 4-5 months and every time I come its great.  Awesome burger, good mussels, and solid beer list.  Service has always been good and the menu is reasonably priced.  It's a good place to bring a date or just go and hang out with some friends at the bar.  Would recommend this place to anyone.Fun place, good assortment of food choices. Fish was really yummy.P&K has been one of my favorite spots for a long time, and my boyfriend and I come in very regularly, often for the burger and beer selection. We were very excited about the renovation and reimagination that recently took place and stopped in Sunday night to check it out. I am so sad to report this, but our experience left much to be desired. 
First, one of our favorite beers that had been a mainstay for some time disappeared (but whatever). But then, the unthinkable happened. I tried to order their famous burger, as I have done many times before, and found out that it is an entirely different concept now (I guess due to the new chef?). First, I was told they could not cook it to any particular temperature (it only comes medium. What?). Then it came out and was two thin patties smothered in American cheese and grease on a somewhat lame bun. Also, the meat fell apart each time I took a bite. It tasted like a Shake Shack burger, which I enjoy, but in a very different I'm-starving-and-hungover-and-want-greasy-crap kind of way. The P&K burger was sheer perfection, and they ruined it. Why?? We waited a long time to get our food, and my boyfriend's steak was cold by the time it arrived. The restaurant was not busy at all at the time. The waitress graciously corrected the problem, and my boyfriend said his food was really good in the end, but we walked away feeling like this was not the P&K we've come to know and love.
I hope things improve because I don't want to have to find a new favorite neighborhood bar/burger go-to.I was visiting a mourning friend in Philly & this is where we ended up for dinner. I loved the dining room! It was warm, cozy & classy with a rustic charm & nice big windows. The waitstaff was attentive & friendly and the food was quite good.
BUT
Go for the cheese plate! The cheeses were lovely but the reason to travel to this restaurant is the truffle honey. This stuff is like crack! It's wonderful mild honey speckled with tons of REAL truffle shavings. It was so decadent , so rich, so wonderful...words cannot describe the awesomeness of this sensual delight. Just go get that damn cheese plate!Everyone loves the food here but I haven't been able to find anything to confirm that. Its not a bad place at all just not what I expect. It's ok. The atmosphere is great and the beer list is usually pretty good. The burger is probably the best thing I've had here but nothing to write home about. I will say that brunch is their better option. 
I sat at the bar and the service was not very good. The bartenders dropped us a menu and never came back. Had to flag them down for a drink and they never asked if we wanted food so we had to flag them down again. The bar isn't that big and there were 3 of them. I bartended for a long time so let's go guys, get it together. Busy or not it's quite simple to give decent service.Great range in this place. You can go in and order a burger and beer for a reasonable price or class it up and go with a delicious martini and steak and be equally happy with all.Way, way, way over rated! Over priced and filed with Williamsburg hipster wannabes. The best burger in Philly? I think not!  I requested medium on my burger and received a hockey puck from the Flyers last Stanley Cup.   Meritage, directly across the street is MUCH better as is Shake Shack, Whiskey Village, Butcher and Singer and Bareburger.  The wings are average at best and the drinks are weak enough for a Quaker to consume. Oh, and it's LOUD!!!! HAVE YOU HEARD OF EGG SHELL SOUND PROOFING?  They're much better options in this city. Don't believe the hype!!!!The food was good even though nothing was hot or for that matter overly warm.  Server didn't inform us what they were out of until I had tried to order them(3 different items).  I would say that all in all not a bad experience but not somewhere I felt warranted  going back to for more than a drink.I would give Pub and Kitchen 6 STARS if I could. I went here last week and have been dreaming about my meal ever since. 
Pub and Kitchen is an upscale pub serving the best micro brews and gourmet bar food. I have never seen more attentive, kind-hearted wait staff and the food was prepared perfectly and oh so quickly. 
I had the mussels with a side order of truffle oil french fries and, in all honesty, I don't remember breathing let alone talking to my dinner date for the 10 minutes it took me to eat my dinner.
Even better than the entree was the dessert: an olive oil shortcake with fresh rhubarb compote and whipped cream. 
I consider myself the ultimate foodie and am always extremely critical, but I can honestly say that Pub and Kitchen is one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia. Hands down.Stumbled into the Pub and Kitchen, literally.  While there is a menu posted outside there is no signage.  We saw two happy Center City types coming out and decided let's try whatever this is.  The small bar area was packed, mostly with men, 20/30 somethings in after work/happy hour mode.  It was deafeningly loud even moving back to the small dining area. It was only after being presented with menus that we discovered where we were and knew we had struck dining gold.  We had theater tickets and an extremely early curtain so we had time for only drinks and entrees.  Service was efficient and pleasant and as the dining area filled and the bar depleted we could enjoy some converation.  We both ordered the Blue Cod and a side of Cauliflower Gratinee.  Superb for both.  The fish was flakey, mosit sitting abed a puree of parsnips covered in thinly sliced chorizio, fingerling potatoes, pickled blood and regular orange slivers. It was so delicious.  The side of cauliflower was crispy crusted with a light bechamel sauce underneath instead of smothering it. For dessert we ordered the chocolate bread pudding.  It was almost cakelike in texture with a filling that was pretty solid and tasteless even though we were told it was peanut butter and caramel. It had a scoop of peanut butter/caramel ice cream that was very creamy and lived up to its components flavors. It sat in a pool of caramel sauce that was rich and dark and the proper consistancy.  Too bad about the center of the pudding as it ruined the dessert and stopped this meal from being ****.Wonderful restaurant!  I can't say enough good things about it.  I went with three girlfirends, visiting from nyc.  We split a lovely cheese plate (which came on this funky wooden block) and all got different types of cocktails.  I also had these cheeseburger, which I highly recommend.  I'd say the atmosphere was very "West village" if youre from New York, with a solid hipster vibe but enough meat to keep anyone happy.  I would definitely go back.Where to start.... I have given this place much thought. After many visits, I always left feeling like a victim of the best PR team in Philly. They pay for publicity and it shows. The food, in everyone of my experinces here, has been just ok. I order the lobster bisque the first time I was there around their opening and it was good, every other time I've been back it seems to get worse. 
The burger in my opionion is not that good. It's a bacon cheeseburger. That's it. It's really nothing special, everytime I've ate this burger ( 4 times now ) it's been way overcooked and extremely salty. At first I thought it maybe was the bacon, tried the bacon, and actually the bacon needed salt. So I told my self not to order the burger next time back. 
I've tried to like this place. But the last time I went really made my mind up for me. I sat down with the girl and some friends after drinking over priced middle of the road beers, glanced at the menu and saw meatloaf. Now I'm not the person to seek out meatloaf, but I figured if anyone can make a bangin meatloaf their chef can. So holding my excitement back I ordered the meatloaf in anticapation of what was ahead of me. I was thinking best meatloaf ever. So the server arrives to the table and places the food down in front of everyone, and I front of me he lies a pulled pork sandwich. I'm confused, the table is confused after hearing me order the meatloaf and talking about how it may erase the memories of horrid meatloafs past. After 10 minutes of sitting there with no server to be found I ate this pile of garbage they called pulled pork. I never said anything out of fear of what I may said to the server, I was extremely pissed. 
That being said I will never walk through those doors again. After spending hundreds of dollars in this establishment, I give up. Hopefully the money I have spent here will go to one more month of PR. They will surely need it, without the hype this place is just another bar. Nothing more. 
Also the spotted pig called they want their menu back.Went for brunch this morning, and I'm glad my "friend" took me here! Small place with nice outdoor seating, and seriously great drinks. My "friend" and I had the Wrangler (spicy Bloody Mary), and I really appreciated the ample amount of vodka in my drink (always a big judgement point for me). Came with a lemon and cherry pepper - excellent addition to the drink. I had the sausage and biscuit, and my "friend" had eggs with bacon and toast. Both of our meals were good, but the biscuit was perfectly buttery/cheddary, and mine came with mixed greens (which we both loved). The only reason I'm giving this place 4 stars is because the sausage tasted more like kielbasa than what I was expecting (however, my "friend" notified me that they make it in house, so props for that). 
As a side note, our bartender/server, Alexis, was a real gem. Sweet girl, knowledgable, good conversationalist, and mixes a good drink. If you get a chance, I'd recommend sitting at the bar to be served by her (she gets 5 stars for sure).
I will be checking this place out for happy hour, but I'd definitely recommend brunch in the meantime!Best burger in the city.  It's slap yo mama good. 
Can't say I've had a bad meal here; fish and chips (best in town), pork belly, and of course the La Frieda burger... tried the Whiskey King last year when the two were going head to head and the Churchhill blew it outta the water..
great ambiance as well.. real low keyWhen my friend called me up for dinner, I wasn't sure what to expect. First off, this place was a little hard to find: no sign anywhere out front! It's conveniently on the corner though, so I wasn't really lost. Just confused.
We were greeted by a very preppy girl, who appeared to be the hostess. The waitstaff was attentive (there seemed something off about them.) We both ordered the pulled pork sandwich and a beer. 
It came with a salad. The pulled pork was well spiced, and the bun had a mildly sweet taste to it. It was one of those brushed with yolk while baking buns and so it was shiny on the outside and incredibly tasty. 
Why three stars? Because it wasn't spectacular and somehow I felt rushed. The sandwich is pulled pork and I've realize this isn't a smoke house, but still, I guess I had very high hopes.  The waitstaff looked like they were waiting for me to finish my sandwich. We were also offered another beer which I didn't really need, but we got it anyway - they were  a little pushy about us getting one more (they did offer to split it for us, which was nice - we got these mini beer glasses.)An upscale menu with friendly staff. Sitting outside when the weather is nice is a great option.I live about 3 blocks from P&K, and have been wanting to go there for the burger in order to compare it with the other burgers in the city.  I finally made it on a pleasant evening that permitted outdoor seating for awhile until it started drizzling.
I decided to just go for the Churchill burger, and it did not disappoint.  Really my 5 stars are just for this burger.  I added cheddar to it, although next time I wouldn't, it really doesn't need anything extra.  The meat was so tender, juicy, and flavorful.  The flavor was very different than any other burger I've had, but oh soooo good.  It was perfectly medium, and the onions were caramelized beautifully.  They were so sweet that they really didn't taste like onions, in a good way. 
At the moment this burger tops my list, but I need to get back to Village Whiskey asap to give that one another try.  I would also be interested to try P&K's regular burger.
Side note, had the strawberry sangria.  It was disappointing, just tasted like white wine that they threw a strawberry slice into.I was very excited to see this place settle in about two blocks from my office.  The burger is top notch and the fish and chips has become a Fridays during Lent staple for me.  Pretty solid beer selection.  They almost always have a special with a local brewery so don't be afraid to ask.  There are a few TVs in the bar area where you can catch a game or whatever else is going on.  The service is pretty solid and I've always felt taken care of and appreciated.  Very solid place I go to a little to often.Used to love the food here. Be aware that P&K recently changed their head chef. The once top-shelf gastropub fare now borders on the pedestrian, especially for the price. The drinks and decor are still a plusThe atmosphere and staff at Pub and Kitchen are all really great. But I was truly disappointed at the lack of any vegetarian options on the menu. I am not a strict vegetarian, so I had the fish and chips which were nothing to write home about. I think it's a true shame a place as cool as Pub and Kitchen is excluding a huge portion of diners with their limited menu. These days, especially in a city like Philly, I think it's inexcusable not to even try to accommodate vegetarian guests. There are a ton of gastropubs that have great meat dishes as well as great vegetarian dishes. It's very impressive when a restaurant shows it can pull off both very well. Unfortunately, Pub and Kitchen can't!I just went to Pub & Kitchen for the first time. I loved it! The food, service, and atmosphere was great! A couple things I recommend would be the house smoked salmon toast, cheese board, and apple fritter! Everything I've tried, I loved! Can't wait to go back soon!Prototypical gastropub...awesome decor, warm and cozy environment, chill background music, unique beer selection, jeans and sneakers crowd with no pretentious hoodrats in the vicinity. Had the allagash white and allagash cerieux. Both were great. Our waiter brought us a sample of both to try before ordering. The tile fish was so-so, a bit too fishy for my liking. The Jewish apple cake with rum raisin ice cream was delicious. Great environment to hang out and grab a few beers.Used to live in the neighborhood and loved the burger. I came back recently (making the trek just for the burger) and burger has changed. Bring back the original!!!Early-ish on a Friday night, my sister and I were early for our reservation but they sat us right away. They had a great list of cocktails and food, we each had the Elvis Rum Punch and the fish sandwich with fries, both delicious! The lighting is cool with the strung round bulbs across the ceiling, would definitely need to come back just for drinks to enjoy it more. And also for brunch! Only down side is their happy hour, 4-6? C'mon guys, let's be reasonable here..I had to go all the way to Philly to get a Ballast Point Sculpin IPA.
This is a great neighborhood spot to grab a beer and some delicious grub.  I was in Philly visiting an old friend that I had not seen in years.  As is usual with guys, within minutes of seeing each other, it was as if no time had passed and all the old jokes started coming back.
He lives right around the corner from this place.  That my buddy has a culinary degree, I take his word when he says that a place has good food.  And so on my one night in town, this is where he took me.
I walked right past the place.  I heard some faint noise from within the building as we walked past it, but if my buddy had not told me to stop, I would have figured that it was just another residence on the block.
We stepped into what felt like an old speak-easy.  There was history as we walked in.  Everything made of wood.  Old wood.  And the inside was warm and inviting.   I had the pulled-pork sandwich.  It was incredible.   Juicy, flavorful and a fantastic slaw on the side.  I have family in the South, and from those trips, I figured that I had already had as good a pulled-pork sandwich as anyone could get.  Pub & Kitchen has a sandwich that would rival anything I've eaten south of there.
And to be able to wash down the delectable sandwich with my favorite IPA, which is brewed mere minutes from where I live in San Diego, was just the cherry on top of a great night in Philly.I like this place....a lot. Their menu is very interesting and innovative and the ambiance is very comforting. You just feel good sitting at one of the tables in this place. You feel...special.
I've now been to Pub and Kitchen twice for meals. First for a dinner and then for a brunch a week ago. The dinner was good. We started with oysters that were fresh and delicious, and then fish which was perfectly cooked. I also got my first taste of cockles in this dish....that sounded dirty :) For dessert, the banana bread pudding...which was AWESOME.
I can't say I had the same experience for brunch, but I think I chose my meal poorly. My brunch was a very thick piece of brioche toast covered with sauteed white beans. It was really good, but a lot of the same thing, and it came with a very STRONGLY spiced sausage. I had two bites of the sausage and could taste it the rest of the day...kind of gross. So, I would stay away from that dish, but I will definitely be back many more times. It's a great place to eat anytime with anyone.I feel so fortunate to have this little pub in my neighborhood! Pub and kitchen is unassuming, with no outdoor signage but plenty of outdoor seating that's always packed on nice evenings. They also have heat lamps that allow you to dine outside late into the fall. The interior is cozy and warm, lit with twinkle lights on the ceiling. There's usually room at their large bar and I haven't had trouble getting a table for a small party without a reservation. 
Service is kind, friendly, and efficient. I'm five years, have never had a bad experience here. 
The menu is on the smaller side and frequently changes, but their food is always delicious. While they have unique creations I always enjoy, the thing I love about pub and kitchen is that I can always get a hearty, *almost* home cooked meal. I'm a huge fan of their cheeseburger, but have loved several chicken and pork dishes they've had on their rotating menu as well. 
Overall, this is a neighborhood favorite I'd highly recommend!I came here not realizing until it was too late that they had changed the chef/menu. Before, this place was apparently known for great burgers. I ordered a cheeseburger and it was drowned in sauce. It wasn't very good due to the fact and it leaked all over the side salad I had, which was decent, but come on, it's just a side salad. I also shared 2 of each kind of oyster since it was about half off during happy hour. The oysters were good.