Came here on a Friday evening. The restaurant was fairly packed and we were lucky to get a reservation.
Started the meal off with the escargot and seared scallops. Both were excellent dishes and set our expectations even higher. I was quite disappointed they did't have the seared foei gras that night.
The main course is where it all fell apart. I ordered the duck confit, and it was just bad. The duck was overly salty. The duck was also overly fatty, and the side dishes did no saving grace. Totally not worth the price. 
To top it all off, considering the prices, why is this place cash only? Do you expect me to walk around with $100 bills in my wallet?The food here is among the best I've had in Philly.  My gf and I each ordered the $65 tasting menu (which was not on the regular menu)...I had only heard about it from reading reviews on Yelp.  Despite being expensive, it was phenomenal, and the portions were massive for a tasting menu.  The service was pretty good, as was the atmosphere.  As a very small restaurant with seating capacity of about 30 or so people, I wouldn't recommend for large groups.  However, if you're going on a date, and food is of top priority, this should be near the top of your list.Had a great birthday dinner with a bunch of girlfriends. Everyone enjoyed the menu. The pumpkin were my favorite and I can't wait to go back for then.This is a unique restaurant in that their menu is a 5 course prix fixe menu that changes on a weekly basis. It's $45 per person. The dishes are small and dainty, but it does fill you up after 5 courses. The only thing I didn't like was that there is only one option (as in you don't have a say) with some of the courses. But for other courses, they'll let you choose between 2 different options. I had a chocolate mousse dessert here that was probably the best dessert I've ever had in my life. If your mouth can have an orgasm- this dessert gave me one. I also loved the cozy and intimate atmosphere- the entire restaurant only seats 26 people. Great place to come with a date, but not so much with a group of friends.After careful research, my party of 6 choose Pumpkin for our NYE dinner. I have been here multiple times before and always been impressed with the fresh flavors and execution of the dishes. The $50 tasting menu for this event was well thought out although some courses shined more than others. Here is the breakdown:
As per usual, Pumpkin nailed the opening soup. This particular sweet potato was a perfect combination of flavors and reminded me of the creamy winter vegetable soup I dream of. There was ground up pumpernickel to add some texture to this rich bowl of goodness. The next course was an individual seared scallop which was somewhat of a letdown. Mine was not seared as nicely as others at the table and although truffles were a component, there were very few if any. For an additional $10 I added a sweetbreads course which drew mixed reviews from my party. I have only had sweetbreads once before, but these were less tender and more chewy. The main course brought me back to where I usually am at Pumpkin with a perfectly cooked duck breast. See my picture, it was perfect and complemented nicely with the crunchy grilled endive. I finished with cheesecake which was better than average but not that memorable (or maybe the gratuitous amount of BYOBing had set in at this point).
The service was 5 stars as per usual. Someone broke a glass and it was no big deal. I understand that restaurants make their money on these gimmick event nights but overall for my $60 plus tip I had hoped for a little more at a BYOB (a single scallop as a course in particular was a let down). Nonetheless I highly recommend this little neighborhood graduate hospital South Street joint and make sure you do not miss whatever soup they are offering!My sweetheart had a pork chop that was overcooked.  I had fish, which was a mighty small portion for a lot of $$.  Service was good and the ambiance is sweet.  Glad we checked it out, as I've walked by a zillion times.  But we won't be back.  Too many great restaurants in Philly where you can get a great meal, and a bigger bang for our buck.This small, almost nook of a restaurant pride themselves on preparing full gourmet meals - emphasizing local fresh meats and produce.  And the tiny interior has been very carefully designed as a marriage of homey intimacy with upscale dining.  The decor signals romantic casual dining, but draws a dress-for-dinner crowd (there is no jacket requirement).  If only the food were as piquant as the setting.
The menu is undoubtedly gourmet. It changes on a daily basis to reflect the chef's recent shopping.  Bravo.  But what does not change is the penchant of the chef to destroy his preparations with salt.  I had the saltiest rissotto in memory here.  And therein lies the fundamental problem with this romantic BYOB;  the basic ideas are truly of-the-moment, but the finish lacks, well, finish.  
A creative chef has no room to mask technical deficiencies, and seasoning is what is unmasked at Pumpkin.  The ingredients and the recipes promise far more than what is being delivered.  Not all dishes are deserving of this somewhat harsh criticism, but gourmet fare cannot afford to be hit or miss, especially at prices rivaling even stalwart local gourmet cuisine. 
The waitstaff is entirely average at best, giving a somewhat affected performance that actually interferes with rather than embellishes the dining experience.  Being aloof about the food is unjustified, and spilling water on me and my food is simply unacceptable.
The menu is priced aggressively high, with a seating running easily into the $40-$50 range (including and depending on the wine(s) you bring).  But then, that also increases the odds that your dinner companions at other tables, who will be sitting on your elbows, if not in your ear, share your values for a dining experience.
I would not discourage spending an evening at Pumpkin - it is a bright spot in what seems to be a neighborhood renaissance.  And the basic ideas that are being nurtured in this fresh genuinely gourmet restaurant may yet blossom. But for now, this is a night of adventure, rather than a regular visit.Overpriced- food was okay. The waitress was wayyyy over the top and loud in the small, quiet restaurant. Will not be back.Place was very cramped. We went for our anniversary and sat inches from another table. Service was exceptional, but we felt like we were being rushed through our meal. Food was pretty good. Not exceptional, but good.My fav restaurant in Philly! I went for my birthday dinner and was very impressed... Great food, great service... And my hubs and I were the last ones in the place and not once did we feel rushed. I will be back again!First dish, super. Doubt crept in if the entree could be as good. It was better!! Then dessert, and I'm not even a sweet tooth! A definite must!!!4 stars.. but since when is 17th and South considered Rittenhouse Sq.?I ate here for the first time a month ago and loved it! It was my favorite meal I have had in Philadelphia in a long time. I can't wait to go back!Always a fine dining experience. We usually come for the Sunday tasting menu. My husband is vegetarian and they always adjust the offerings for him. The food is always prepared beautifully, with great flavor and beautiful presentation. Pumpkin has some of the best trained servers of any restaurant in Philly. They are attentive, not overbearing and always very nice. Top marks!! I have been here about a dozen times and have never had a bad experience, always great meal and a great time overall.Very good food, great casual service, nice ambience. Feels like we ate in a nice family's living room with some other strangers. All of the dishes were excellent. The gnocchi app, pork belly and lamb shank were excellent and something I would go back for. Menu changes, but I am sure everything is good. The Panna Cotta was excellent with a nice tart fruit sorbet and fresh rasberries.
Pros:  They take reservations! BYOB, great food. nice portions. Excellent service.
Cons: Not any great bars in the immediate area, but within 4 blocks. NitpickingJanuary 19,2015
Pumpkin Restaurant
1713 South Street
Philadelphia, PA 19146
Management and Staff,
I was made aware of a post related to a Social Networking site made about your restaurant recently last evening that had my name associated with it.
I am a foodie and a business owner/CEO for over 20 years of a reputable business that provides restaurant, hotel and travel venue reviews, critiques and plans for rebranding and addressing shortfalls identified by our reviewers. My business or I have never been to Pumpkin and have no preconceived opinions of Pumpkin. I or we have NOT posted a review or opinion in any capacity regarding Pumpkin.
I after doing some research and communicating with a Social Media Security Team identified that my personal page and a page for a charity I have worked with for many years had been violated and communications had been made that were not authorized or originated from my office or home computers tablets or cell phones. Immediately both sites have been shut down in an effort to cease further unauthorized access.
I sincerely apologize for any offensive and or inaccurate information that was posted under our name. I assure you that immediate and swift legal action will be taken when the offenders are identified.
Sincerely and Respectfully,
Jerry F. ColemanI went to Pumpkin for New Years Eve.  The service was good and the servers were nice.  I also really liked the look of the place.  It was a $75 tasting menu, so it wasn't absurd, but it also wasn't cheap either.  Unfortunately, the food was just bad.
The shrimp cassoulet had a very strong fishy taste. For better or worse, it was just two shrimp which is more than a little stingy. Next was a cheese course which was Ok.  It was a soft cheese that I really didn't like, but as it was a tasting menu, I was stuck with it. Then I had the bass, which was Ok and was really a rather small portion.  Then finally dessert was Ok.
Like I said, I really wanted to like Pumpkin but the food just isn't very good and being so stingy with the portions really isn't excusable for the price they were charging.Wow. One of the best dinners I have had in Philly. It's a very small, intimate space, which I actually loved. The wait staff was so attentive (it's almost guaranteed with such a small space!), very much accommodating to our party, and the food was superb. There were some new ingredients in my dish, which was fun! I had the scallop dish that came with this new vegetable I have never tried, can't remember the name but it looked like a succulent, and it looked like it was going to be dry but it was crispy, juicy, and so so delicious.I always wanted to try Pumpkin but my boyfriend already ate there and didn't like it.  Last Friday I decided to book a table there regardless.  I'm so happy I did and so is my boyfriend.  Pumpkin is a cute little place with lots of charm and personality.  The menu changes very often so I'm not sure if the description of the dishes is very helpful.  Anyways we ordered Spanish rock octopus, escargot, risotto and steak.  All four items were amazing.  I always order octopus if it's on the mane and this one was the best I've ever tried.  I would normally give 5 stars for this kind of experience but I had to take one star for the sides.  I think it's outrages to charge $8 for a raw sliced tomato with some sea salt.Great food, great service, good atmosphere, really attractive prices. In fact, the only thing that separates Pumpkin from the surfeit of BYOs in Philly is the menu pricing.  Amy and I went for dinner on 5/16/10. Good friend recently started working there. Very small space. Highly intimate. Expect to make new acquaintances unless you are seated along the east wall. Because it was a last-minute decision, we got there for 930p res and had to sit wedged between the kitchen and bathroom. Not ideal, but we knew we were in for it when we walked in, so no big deal. As soon as the place cleared out a bit we were moved to another table in the middle of the room. Service was very friendly and fast. Food was great. The gnocchi suffered from heavy saucing. They are little morsels of creamy goodness; they stand up just fine and don't need all the different embellishments. Nevertheless, very good for $12. I had the trout. Superb. De-boned, perfectly cooked, and the skin was crisp and delicious. Could have used a little lemon wedge and a few more capers. Amy had the scallops, which were also excellent. We passed on desert but were tempted by the flourless choc cake with banana ice cream.A great BYOB for a special occasion. 
Pumpkin is a farm to table restaurant with a constantly changing menu. There aren't too many options to choose from, but everything is incredibly fresh and very well prepared. 
The skate wing had a beautiful crisped skin and was perfectly seasoned. It was served on a bed of greens with fruit and turnip garnish. Amazing. 
The pork chop was one of the best I've ever had: juicy, tender, very flavorful. 
Dessert was great as well. Beautifully presented and the perfect amount of sweetness!
Can't wait to come back!I came here with a friend for Restaurant Week, and everything was way beyond my highest expectations.
I have a dairy allergy and only briefly mentioned it to the server to double-check the ingredients: our server went above and beyond to accomodate me, even switching out the dessert for sorbet instead of the price-fixe options without me asking. 
The food, though, was so good. My favorites would have to be the heirloom tomato salad (so amazingly fresh) and the arctic char with saffron. I don't know what addictive element they put in that food, but I will definitely be coming back. Unlike the other reviewers, I had a sizable portion of char and my friend had a good portion of the long island duck (which she also enjoyed). 
The space is very small, but not overly loud-I couldn't hear any particular conversation around me and the whole restaurant was incredibly inviting. Obviously not for groups, but I'd recommend it in a heartbeat for a date night.Good stuff. I took a local friend here as a thank you for letting my partner and I stay at his place. I love the BYOB concept! Fun!
Anyway. Food was quite good. Not terribly expensive, and generously portioned. My flatiron steak was quite huge and good. Service was casual, informative and decent. I am writing this review from memory however. I dined there about 4 years ago. The fact I can remember this much is a good sign.
I would go back.My husband and I had dinner at Pumpkin on 5/18/18.  As on previous occasions, the food was delicious!  My only complaint would be that we were the second table to arrive and they sat us directly next to the first table to arrive, when the rest of the restaurant was otherwise completely empty.  I don't understand why restaurants don't space out the patrons more.  This couple was very loud and obviously had been drinking before they arrived, and it was hard to hold a conversation with my husband with a couple of loud people one foot away.  Totally unnecessary when there were a half dozen two-tops empty throughout the restaurant during most of our meal!  I don't blame the restaurant for the loud people but do blame them for seating us one foot apart when the rest of the restaurant was empty!I made a reservation in April for my girlfriend's birthday dinner.  It was on a Sunday so we were there for the 5 course fixed menu.  I had heard good things about Pumpkin, so my expectations were on the high side.  Things started well.  We were seated when we arrived.  The server was nice enough, but seemed somewhat harried and hectic.  In my opinion, the soup course was a very poor choice by the chef.  Chilled leek soup would be splendid on a hot or even warm day.  But it was 40-45 degrees outside!  I don't remember specifically what we had for our entrees as this was 8 months ago, but I recall the server forgot my special request for a discreet acknowledgement of my girlfriend's birthday with a candle or something with her dessert.  I was disappointed.  This along with the chilled soup selection, and the hectic feeling/average service, left me feeling like there is no reason to give Pumpkin another chance.  There are simply too many other great BYOBs around.This restaurant had small pretentious portions that did not taste very good. This is BYO which we didn't know and also didn't take credit cards. I would never go back.I've lived in the neighborhood and have been wanting to try pumpkin for a while and am so happy that I finally did! It's super quant on the inside. The whole restaurant probably seats around 20 people. We went for their Sunday prix fine menu where they serve you 5 courses for $45. It was a good deal and we were able to eat a lot of food! The food was tasty. Two of the dishes we LOVED and 3 of them were good but nothing special. This is a great date night spot! Would definitely recommend.Finally got to check out Pumpkin BYO a couple weeks back, went with some of my girl friends for restaurant week. 
Have to say was a bit disappointed, mostly because I have heard nothing but great things about this place. Almost everyone I mentioned to that I was going here for restaurant week responded back that they were jealous and how great it was. So, I went in with very high expectations. 
I was presented with a dinner that was good, but just not great. The restaurant itself is cute and cozy, maybe 10 tables max. They definitely need to get a wind stopping alcove to the front door, because the spot is so small that no matter where you are sitting you are getting blasted with icy cold air every time the door is opened.
They were on time for our reservation and service was very good, no complaints at all there.
The appetizer I chose was a squid stew which was very interesting and I was impressed with the amount of seafood in the appetizer dish, especially for restaurant week. The flavor just wasn't doing it for me tho unfortunately, something a little off but I couldn't identify it. My friend ordered the white bean pasta app and that was much better (and my second choice, I was kicking myself for passing up on that one). I ordered the fish entree, can't remember now exactly which fish it was but I imagine it was intended to be a flakey white fish. I say this because despite being perfectly seared on the outside, it was completely raw on the inside. I don't mind rare at all, in fact one of my biggest complaints about dining is that I can almost never get my steak rare enough to my taste, but this was even a tad too much for me. I tried the steak which is what everyone else at the table ended up ordering, and it was fine but nothing noteworthy there. The dessert was great, I chose the lemon custard with citrus it was really fantastic. I am not usually a dessert person, so speaks to how good that dessert was, but also I feel like the dessert shouldn't be memorable as the best part of the meal. 
Glad I finally got to check this place out, and at $35 RW price and BYO it was definitely worth checking out but not likely I will seek it out again. 
PS Cash only!This is a review for the Sunday prix fixe menu. My girlfriend and I had been meaning to go for a while, I'm so glad we finally did! Even for such a small place making a reservation just a few days before wasn't an issue (a week ahead of time and you'll probably have any time/day you want).
It was cute inside and nice, yet still casual enough (including the music) that it didn't feel too uppity. Perfect for a date or meal with a couple friends (wouldn't recommend a big group; the dining area is quite small).
Can't recommend the 5 course prix fixe enough! We started with the autumn squash soup (could've eaten 3 bowls) and then shared the mushroom risotto (fantastic) & swordfish dishes. Third course was a broccoli dish with arugula and lemon which I actually enjoyed even more than I thought I would. Fourth course we both opted for the pork belly (favorite dish of the night) though I should add it is quite fatty. At one point I had a forkful of just fat so I chose not to eat that but the meat was tremendous and tender. I had the chocolate cake with coffee ice cream and my girlfriend had the lemon posset; both right up our respective alleys and both delicious! For $45/person with coffee included it was such a good deal! We both left feeling full, but not stuffed. Only prep needed was a bottle of wine and a stop at the ATM.
Service was friendly and attentive, atmosphere was warm and casual as I said before. Love that they use seasonal ingredients & rotate the menu so I'm looking forward to re-visiting for sure!Also underwhelmed. There were two other parties when we got there, and they were both loud enough to be heard over the music, which was indy-alternative with plenty of guitar distortion. The restaurant can't help that patrons were talking loudly about how high they were the last weekend, or how the person who wrote a recent text message (read over dinner) is a "f****ing c****t"... but the music wasn't conducive to relaxing. I'm assuming the table who was discussing being high was friends with someone in the kitchen because the waiter told them their meal was comped by the chef... is this, then, a typical crowd for Pumpkin?
A small menu with not a poultry option on it. We had escargot and octopus, both good enough; for entrees, pork rib and spanish mackerel, also good. Everything was "good" but fell short of what I'd expect for the price ($100 for two before tip - cash only). Service was very kind and attentive, probably the best aspect of the restaurant.
I wouldn't return. It seemed like a place that neighborhood hipsters would go for an expensive meal.This was a pleasant surprise.  The food was very creative, delicious and we all enjoyed a wonderful meal.Pumpkin is one of the hot spots right now for BYOB. It's located in a small cramped space on South Street. The first thing I noticed was the small menu, it's good in that the chef tries to only make dishes with fresh ingredients, but bad in that it seriously limits your dining options. What I most remember was the good sauces that accompanied the decent cooking: my quail had a nice balsamic reduction and scallops had a saffron vermouth sauce. The wait staff was a little pushy, but all in all it was a good meal and definitely has a different sort of a menu than some of the other BYOs around.As soon as we got home from our $45 five-course Sunday dinner, we made another reservation for next month. We have walked past this restaurant hundreds of times yet never thought to dine here. In our post-holiday malaise, we decided to give it a go. I'm so glad that we did!
The dining experience was delightful in every way. The five courses were perfectly balanced and well paced. There wasn't a thing I tried that I didn't like: roasted beet and kale, a soft and favorful cheese, a complicated carrot dish, and the most perfectly cooked duck I have ever tasted. The atmosphere was also really relaxing and inviting-- the servers were very warm and welcoming, the lighting was dim and romantic but not too dark, and their music playlist was fun and upbeat but not distracting.
If I ever owned a restaurant, I would want it to be exactly like this one-- I wouldn't change a thing. It's no wonder they have been open for over a decade; they have perfected their craft.I really wanted to give Pumpkin 5 stars because their food is soooo tasty!  This is a chef that clearly has amazing chops and is very talented.  My husband and I shared smoked quail as our appetizer, and it was one of the most delicious dishes I have ever eaten.  We also both really enjoyed our entrees and the flourless chocolate cake dessert that we shared.
So, my reason for the 4 star review?  Well, I'll reiterate some of what other people have said.  It's very inconvenient to have to pay cash at such a pricey restaurant (and I can understand for people who just drop in and don't know that it's a cash-only establishment, how frustrating that would be).  The dining room is small and feels cramped because of how many tables/chairs are crammed in there.  And the portion sizes are TINY.  I know this isn't Applebees, so I wasn't expecting tubs of soup or 16 oz steaks, but for what they charge, they should give more generous portion sizes.  For those reasons, I can't give Pumpkin 5 stars, but I would definitely go back!Service: HORRIBLE. The reason for only two stars is pretty much because of the service (and the fact that I've heard awesome things about the food, but I was not impressed).  Five of my girlfriends and I came on a Saturday night and had 8:45 reservations, but were not seated until 9:00.  Once seated, the waiter nicely opened our wine for us and gave us time to look at the menu.  He finally came back to take our order and my friend asked if the chef could possibly make sure that none of what she ordered is placed anywhere near the hazelnut dish that they had on the menu that night (my friend is severely allergic to hazelnuts). The waiter then processed to say "well I haven't killed anyone yet, so I'm sure you'll be fine." I'm sorry, WHAT? Actually, she could definitely die if anything that she ate was close to a hazelnut, but thanks for your concern douche.  
Our food came out in a reasonable time, but the waiter forgot one of our sides which came out and was disgusting (see the butternut squash review below). Once we were done our dinners, the server cleared the table and we proceeded to enjoy our wine and have the usual after dinner girl talk. Around 10:45, we were having a good conversation and a random server came out and started clearing ALL of our water and wine glasses.  I mean EVERYTHING. I had wine left in my glass and he grabbed it from in front of me stating, "I just want to get all of these in the dishwasher thanks." Again. IM SORRY WHAT? 
It was now 11:15 and the restaurant doesn't close until 12:00.  I then asked for my glass back and we all finished the rest of the wine by sharing from this one glass since but cleared everyone else's.  At this point I was going to stay until 12:00am on the dot just because I was so annoyed.  The kicker was  around 11:40 when our server brought us our jackets and said, "I am just going to put these on the table behind you." 
We finally decided to chug our wine and get the F out. Needless to say, I will not be going back there and believe that this place is completely overrated. 
Food: JUST OK. The appetizers were pretty good. We shared the mussels and the burrata. The mussels were amazing actually, but burrata was eh. We also ordered the roasted butternut squash as a side, which was not good. It  tasted sour and honestly there was no one at the table who didn't spit it out. 
As for entrees, two of my friends ordered the sea bass, which they believed was undercooked and in a weird red sauce. Two of us had the steak, which was probably the best entree out of them all. The sear was amazing.  I also  tasted the pork dish that my friend got and had good flavor, but I wasn't overly impressed. Anyway, I really don't write a lot of reviews on here, but felt I needed to considering how excited I was to eat here and how disappointed I am now.Went last night with a friend.
I went a few years ago, but loved it much more the second time around. What a cozy place
We split pumpkin ghnocci-so amazing!
Both got the hanger steak-amazing as well
me: pumpkin poundcake over carmel sauce-ok
friend-flourless cake-good
both got coffee
meal was $90 for everything, not too bad! Service was great! and was pretty crowded for a thursday night in todays economy! only one table was empty (i am sure reservations were for later)So I've been to Pumpkin a few times and it's been delicious...however, that was when they kept my reservation and let us sit down! I was absolutely appalled last night when I went there for dinner. For WEEKS, two of my besties and myself had planned to go to dinner here at 6pm. Our original dinner was for last week but we had to move the reservation to this week- no biggie. We logged onto OPENTABLE change the reservation, got a confirmation number, and figured we were set. This past weekend, my friend "S" that made the reservation got a confirmation phone call. On monday, my other friend "B" called pumpkin to double check the reservation and ask about an OPENTABLE dining cheque. ALL WAS SET! I arrive at 5:57 on Tuesday, December 4th, with a bottle of riesling in my hand and a wad of cash to spend. I was told that there was no reservation under "S". Okay...I said i'd wait til the other two ladies got here and maybe it was under a different name. One minute later, "S" walks in and asks about the reservation. The semi-nice hostess said that there wasn't a reservation under her name. THEN a really rude and snarky wait-staff member barges in on the conversation and with her nose in the air says "Was it through open table? Sometimes those reservation time out and we don't get the reservation." REALLY? We got a confirmation email, code, call AND we called to double check. They told us that we could have a table until 7:15 so we sat down and debated on whether to have apps here or just go to another place all together. We decided to go to another place all together and when we left the hostess said "Come visit us another time." Right...when pigs fly. Normally I wouldn't be so upset about this, however, they just blatantly lied to us and I'm sure that one of their cronies slipped them a hunnie and wanted a table at 7:30 so they bumped our reservation. They made NO effort to reconcile the situation and I was thoroughly disappointed. Thank you FRIDAY, SATURDAY, SUNDAY for an AMAZING dining experience last night!Everything just clicked. My birthday happens to be on a Monday it blows I know but my gals and the staff @ pumpkin made this a very special night . 
The space has limited seating so resevrvations are a must!
5 courses came and went balanced flavors, beautiful presentation,and impeccable service made me fall in food love with pumpkin .
I arrived a little after my reservation time but they held our table and made us feel welcome. Our 1st bottle (moet) was popped and ready to go.. Flutes filled with the bubbly nectar .our other bottles of white were chilled until we were ready for them.
The gazpacho is served in an artsy way the components  of almonds,flowers, a grape sorbet served as a base for the velvety broth of avocado a pea. Though not my favorite course the soup was very good I Just think there were too many elements involved.
The shrimp app was amazing. There were a few additions to the plate but the Greek yogurt was my favorite. Another friend had the escargot - she enjoyed them very much. Carrots and beets two ways a beet cake , grilled beet an foie gras foam . 
My skate was divine, chipolini oinions and potatoes . The skate was perfectly cooked; flaky , moist ,seasoned well . Very good hit of the night .
Two friends got pork tenderloin and they enjoyed it very much.
Dessert was a sweet ending to an amazing meal. Let's discuss the ohhhs and ahhhs goat cheese - cheesecake , and chocolate cake mmmmm! (see the pics for all your salivation needs).
Our service was Attentive and our gracious hosts put a candle on my desert plate . I'm very glad I chose pumpkin as my birthday dinner venue. 
It exceeded all my hopes !Love this place. Calamari was an excellent app. Short ribs are tender and juicy. Flour-less Chocolate cake with ice cream was the perfect dessert.Incredible dinner. Everything was delicious and the chef worked with my food allergies with no problem. He even made a special hot dessert for me and was so excited to do it. One of the best meals I've had in Philly!My siblings and I took our parents out to Pumpkin for their 35th anniversary dinner and we had a great meal and a fun time.  Pumpkin opens at 5:30 on Sat and that's when we arrived; we were the first people in the restaurant so it was nice and quiet (good for my parents -- dad wears hearing aids and mom has some sensitivity to loud noises).
There were 5 of us, and 5 appetizers and 5 entrees on the menu -- so we ordered everything! (also 4 desserts, we ordered those too)  We also drank about 4 bottles of wine between us, so excuse me if I forget some of the details on the food. :)
Appetizers = uniformly delicious
-scallops were cooked perfectly and had a bean puree
-mixed green salad incl. arugula was fresh and tasty with toasted almonds and a creamy cheese
-octopus confit with pipperade and yukon gold potatoes -- very tasty, and a different way to eat octopus than I had before
-quail stuffed with prosciutto and a bunch of vegetables  with a pistachio pesto -- very tasty; none of us had had quail before
-sweetbreads cooked with asparagus -- this was the winner of the night -- again, none of us had had sweetbreads before and they were incredible!
Entrees = mixed
-tilefish with polenta cake, swiss chard, and some other veggies -- this was the worst of the dinner entrees because the tilefish was pretty bland
-new york strip steak -- unfortunately the seasoning was off and the texture was kinda rubbery -- very weird for steak
-pan-roasted chicken with spring vegetables -- simple, tasty, but not terribly exciting
-salmon with risotto, spring peas, and mushrooms -- the salmon was cooked perfectly and the flavors of the peas and mushrooms just popped!  I wasn't a big fan of the risotto but everyone else liked it
-lamb t-bone with goat cheese gnocchi -- the best of the entrees -- lamb was fantastic
Desserts = fairly good
-panna cotta with cherry confit -- the panna cotta was pretty bland and the cherries were the only thing that saved it
-flourless chocolate hazelnut cake with coffee ice cream -- I didn't like this but everyone else loved it
-apple rhubarb crisp with vanilla ice cream -- very tart but tasty
-goat cheese cheesecake with candied pineapple -- best dessert!
Portions are smallish so it was easy for everyone to eat all of this food, plus bread with garlic oil, and drink 4 bottles of wine, and then stumble down South St.  As noted by other reviewers, you probably shouldn't even come here if you are a vegetarian.  My dad doesn't eat pork and there was only one dish that he couldn't have (the quail appetizer).
Overall we had a great experience.  Our server, Mori, was knowledgeable about everything although at times she did have a bit of an attitude.  The rest of my family thought their coffee was horrible, which was a bit of a downside.  But this place is still 5 stars for the experience of getting to eat carefully prepared, local, delicious food.  Plus, how often do you get to order the whole menu?  I highly recommend Pumpkin for special occassions.Great place to take a gf/wife but I reckon the small space and quiet ambiance would not work well for a first date. 
The food was great. An app, two entrees, and a desert set us back $75 + tip. 
We started our meal with the wonderful pumpkin gnocchi (that actually tasted like pumpkin). I enjoyed the hanger steak while she enjoyed the trout. Both meals were prepared, portioned, and presented perfectly. 
Desert was a special treat - a small chocolate cake with passion fruit sorbet, strawberries, and granola. The combination was spectacular - ad that's coming from someone who isn't a big fan of deserts! 
This place supposedly changes the menu nightly and you won't know what's on until 4pm that day. While that makes planning a reservation difficult, this nice BYOB is worth checking out. It's not over the top and the perfectly portioned entrees will satisfy your palate. 
Oh, and be sure to bring enough cash for desert.BLOWN AWAY. Service was fantastic--I called to say we'd be late and they said they could accommodate us whenever we got there. And they were super polite, helpful, and full of smiles all night. But the food. Wow. It was. Just. So. Yum. Warm and crusty bread with olive oil and garlic was a great snack. The scallops app with chorizo in black squid ink sounds busy and conflicting but it was a symphony of lovely flavors and textures. Scallops were cooked and seasoned perfectly. We also had the escargots with veggies--those veggies included ramps and fiddlehead ferns. They don't skimp here. And the fish may have been the best I've ever had. Swordfish with carrots and peas. Sounds simple but was complex, delicate, and brimming with flavor. The carrots came cooked and raw--with coriander and cumin, and with chili powder and both were an amazing accompaniment to the perfectly-cooked fish. Peas were also whole, and pureed. Again, flavors and textures melted well. And the peanut butter pot de creme was decadent but not too heavy and overly delicious. As it's BYO, price was much lower than what you;'d get in a comparable restaurant with a liquor license. But for the quality, price was s till low. Can't wait to try the Sunday night tasting menu... or just do dinner again.Fantastic food at this little establishment. Reservations are a must, as it is very small. It has a very nice, cozy, reclaimed wood feel to it, and is BYOB. This place, sadly, is NOT vegetarian friendly, not even the appetizers had a selection without some type of meat in it. So, I got the skate as my entree and it was some of the best fish I've ever tasted in my life. Perfectly prepared and presented, and a reasonable portion for a restaurant of this type. Had the goat cheese cheesecake as a dessert, and it was very good as well, but I thought my dessert portion was a little on the small side. All in all a very nice dining experience, perfect if you want to celebrate something special, and just feeling like having a classy night out, without going over the 100 dollar price point for two.I would be so bold as to say that Pumpkin was the best restaurant week experience I've had to date.
The restaurant is absolutely adorable.  I regularly bike past Pumpkin with going-out-to-dinner envy on my way home from work.  It's cuter on the inside than it is on the outside.  I like how cozy it is.  BYO?  Even better.
Our service was some of the best I've ever had.  Our waitress, Jackie, was helpful, attentive (but not obnoxious) and so fun.  She sealed the 5 star deal experience.
The amouse bouche was unlike anything I've ever had and totally perfect.  All of the restaurant week apps were amazing and generously portioned with the favorites being the sweet potato veloute that they pour at the table and bucheron cheese.  We got one of each of the entrees but the white bean and porcini ragout stands out as being quite possibly one of the best things I've ever eaten.  As for the desserts I'm one of those weirdos that hates ice cream and doesn't really care for cheesecake but I had the white chocolate goat cheese cheesecake and it was drool worthy.
Restaurant week wins this time- I'll definitely be back regardless of restaurant week status because Pumpkin rules.4 for ambience. 2 for food. 3 for service. The food is not memorable. It's decorated nicely but nothing wows me unfortunately. I've had better.Pumpkin is a cozy, intimate little BYO that I should have tried a long time before now. Yumm.
I went last night, to try the $35 5-course tasting menu they offer on Sundays. The menu is small, but that is because it changes daily, to leverage the freshest offerings--and that comes across quite clearly.
The dishes are elegant, innovative, and beautifully presented. The combination of flavors is somewhat deceptive: they're very clean and seemingly simple, but the layers of tastes come through on cue to reveal their true complexity. Kids, don't try this at home--you'll want to, but leave it to the experts.
My 5 last evening: 
=roasted vegetable soup
=waluu (fish) appetizer which came with something-I-can't-remember and chorizo (which I left off, since I don't eat meat. This is an opportune time to mention how accommodating the kitchen is)
=mixed green salad with beets, goat cheese, and a hazelnut viniagrette
=a trout more reminiscent of delicate salmon with minced apples and a meyer lemon sauce, atop lentils
=pumpkin cake dulce de leche... this was the only item I didn't love. The cake was good, but dry.
Full disclosure, my long-lost cousin is a server here... but I think she'd be just as attentive to all of you.
Note: Cash only!!Excellent dinner overall. Food was tasty, service was attentive and courteous, and the place felt cozy. Entrée portions quite large. I recommend it.Excellent food. The mussels were some of the best I ever tasted. All the entrees were cooked perfectly. The decor was nice and intimate but a little small.  Service was outstanding. A new favorite!Put this BYOB on your list.
Our Sunday five course began with cauliflower soup.  The soup came with scallops that my wife enjoyed, but I am allergic to.  A little greens, pine nuts, and raison added interest, but the soup base needed pepper and/ or some other spice. By itself, it was bland. Our second course was bass over mushroom ragout, and polenta.  This was a nice blend of textures and flavors.  A beet, lettuce, yogurt salad followed.  Here was a combination that benefitted from the tart yogurt dancing with the sweet beets.  My fourth course was pork belly over caramelized onions and root vegetables.  The pork had a rich flavor with the fatty component somehow rendered light as air. Winner!  We finished with sticky toffee for a strong ending.  
The under seasoned soup was not enough to tarnish this highly successful meal.Dont go hungry because you still will be when you leave
and bring a wad of cash cause its expensive and well they only take cash
was really disappointedI often reacted to people's statements that fresh food tastes better the way many people react to me when I say that different waters taste differently and that Fiji water tastes "soft." However, Pumpkin restored my faith in the fact that fresh, local food really does make a difference, and that even if it's a meal I could technically make at home, it's worth spending extra money sometimes to have someone make it for me. There is no way I could milk that magical flavor out of anything in my own kitchen. 
As I am not big on seafood and a couple other people ordered the steak, I went for the red-headed stepchild and ordered the chicken. I always feel judged when I order chicken, as if it makes me really dull and unadventurous. Can't a girl just dig on some f'ing chicken? I digress.
The chicken was the most delicious thing on the table. The brussel sprouts served with it were straight up orgasmic. There was so much chicken on my plate, I got to share with the table, and everyone agreed it was their favorite dish. 
The staff is amazingly friendly and helpful. The atmosphere is cozy and private-feeling and it's just such a great experience. I wish it were just a littttttle bit cheaper. But I can't really argue. I'd pay it again.Really great meal.  I had the squid ink risotto with baby octopus and the seared fish entree.  My wife had gazpacho and the scallop entree. All were great.  I had the sticky toffee dessert and the coffee ice cream on it was awesome.  I would definitely go back.Great food with a tiny menu.  The website's menu is not accurate and not all ingredients are listed if you have allergies. 
Pace can be too fast, so ask to have it spaced if you are at the later seating, if you are the earlier seating well they need to turn your table so that is what you signed up for. 
Cash only.  Bring a bottle of wine and enjoy.Absolutely loved the food, ambience & service! But the desserts were the real winners of the night. We were able to get a reservation at one of the tables near the window so we had both an intimate experience but with plenty of natural light. The Scallops app & Spanish Octopus app were as beautiful as they were delicious. I ordered the duck breast which was super moist and perfectly flavored. For dessert we had the Peach Creamsicle pudding and the Sticky Toffee Pudding cake which were perfection. Would highly recommend and will definitely come back. And it's BYOB. All things awesome.Pumpkin is a very charming BYOB on South Street. I absolutely loved trying their $35 Sunday tasting menu. It's five courses (but you can choose your appetizer and entree). My tasting consisted of sweet potato soup (one of the coolest presentations I've seen), squid ink risotto (it was black! so cool), morbier cheese, duroc pork loin, and the caramelized white chocolate cheesecake with goat cheese. The portions were perfect. I was able to finish everything but wasn't overly stuffed or left hungry. 
It's a tiny space, but cozy. Our server was lovely and it is such a nice way to cap off the weekend. BYOB a bottle of wine and it's a steal!Best BYOB in the city, bar none.  The local, seasonal, organic fareis always amazing, and they are happy to accommodate dietary restrictions in any dish.  If you call ahead, they'll even do this for pre-fixe dinners.  This place is one of the things I miss most about leaving Philly.My wife and I went for the Sunday prix fix menu and were satisfied with the food and service. The service was above average and the food ranged from average to above average. Overall, it met our expectations for price, flavor, and ambiance but lacked the wow-factor of a 5-star restaurant. 
Our courses were cauliflower soup, octopus with chorizo and peppers, gnocchi with duck bolognese, cheese, lamb shoulder, mackerel, butterscotch crime, and chocolate cake. 
The cauliflower soup was a bit underseasoned, but the apple slices were a pleasant addition and the pumpkin seeds gave the soup a good texture.
The second course was our favorite of the evening. My favorite bite of the meal was the chorizo with potato and peppers. The well rounded mix of spice, heat, and texture from the potatoes made it a highlight. The octopus was cooked very well and had a nice, crisp flavor. The gnocchi was also delicious, fresh, and delicate and the sauce had a nice balance of duck and bolognese.
The third course of cheese was underwhelming and was our least favorite of the evening. The cheese did not mix well with the grapes, sauce, and salad and felt like two separate dishes on the same plate.
The fourth course of mackerel and lamb shoulder was pretty good, with the mackerel edging out the lamb. My lamb was slightly dry for my taste, and the delicious sauce was a bit runny to accompany the meat. The mackerel had a nice char and was very moist. It also felt like a more complete dish with the mussels and beans. 
I'm drawing a blank on the specifics of the deserts, but they were both pretty good. I remember there was a custard, which I liked, and a chocolate cake that seemed run of the mill. 
Overall, pretty good, but not blow-my-socks off.  There's a good chance we would go back at some point for a special occasion because it's that kind of place.I've been hearing great things about Pumpkin and finally got the chance to go. As with many byos, it is tiny. My friend was from NYC and she was totally shocked by the atmosphere. Even though byos are small, I will admit - Pumpkin is really plain! The floors look gross/old and there is very little effort put into the decor (not in a way that appears to be on purpose).
So you would think that starts us off on the wrong foot so obviously with 4 stars they really impressed us with the food! Byos can be tough with changing menus and finding something you like but the food was sooo delicious and presented very nicely. Made up for the lack of walls etc. My friend and I split the scallops and duck - both of which I loved! We had a cheesecake dessert and a chocolate cake. Also had calamari which had some interesting sides. I love grilled calamari though. It was good but not the best I've had.
The waitress was nice - refilled water often - and after the fact she overheard us talking about how it was my birthday and she expressed her dismay in not knowing bc she would have put a candle in my dessert which I thought was nice.
Go. Try it. Love it.Sunday is the day to go. The 5 course a la carte menu was awesome. BYOBs are always great and the service was amazing. Definitely a place you should try if you enjoy food. 100 bucks total for 2. It was my first time eating beets and the beet salad was delicious. A great place for a date.I was so excited when I was able to snag a reservation at Pumpkin during restaurant week, but was sadly disappointed by the evening. A friend and I arrived for dinner and were greeted and seated promptly by the hostess. The ambience was intimate, but so much so that I could distinctly overhear the entire conversation at the table over.
I had the cauliflower soup to start, which was hot and rich and delicious. But unfortunately everything afterwards fell somewhat flat in comparison. The burrata cheese course was a little bland, and my friend's rainbow trout second course smelled extremely fishy to the point where she could not finish it. I was really looking forward to my winter vegetable risotto with maitake mushrooms, but it was served a bit colder than I would have liked and was too rich and cheesy to finish. 
Dessert was probably the best course after the cauliflower soup. The pot de creme was yummy and the almond financier was decent but not particularly memorable. 
Overall It was a decent meal, but not worth the 40 dollars.Extremely small place, may have been the smallest nice restaurant we ever ate in (not a bad thing). The food was fresh and inventive. Limited menu, maybe only five entrees and five appetizers. 
I had the appetizer of Escargot with hominy, bacon, and garlic. Very refreshing take on escargot, smoky and unique. Entree was Long Island Duck with plum, trumpet mushrooms and almonds. The duck was perfectly seared and med-rare, delicious. The almonds were barely cooked and whole crunchy, was a very interesting texture. 
Others had appetizers of pickled watermelon and specks salad (great), Cremont Cheese & beet salad (never ate so many different types beets and radishes in my life!), entree of Bucatini with Pekytoe crab sauce, Poconos Trout with pea puree and Chanterelle mushrooms, and Hangar steak with alliums and confit potatoes. All prepared perfectly, can't wait to return.Having dined here a few times, my assessment is that while the food is quite good, it's rarely great and the experience has always left me somewhat underwhelmed.  I rarely object to price or to portion size (and I'm not a big eater), but the whole very small portions just to tease your palate thing going on here seems a bit "too precious" for all but perhaps the die-hard fans of this restaurant,  
Yes, the veal tongue was great and the assortment of pickled beets accompanied with greens, horseradish and fresh pretzel was delightful, but it's size was less of an appetizer than it was an hors d'oeuvre.  A single thin slice of tongue left me wondering whether they forgot to put the other slice on it before they served it!    It wasn't so much overpriced but under-proportioned.  
The daily specials also suffered from what I felt was excessive pricing for what they really were.  A caprese salad where four or five chunks of watermelon were substituted for tomato and a separate special of four slices of a fresh tomato (with sea salt!) at $18 each honestly made me wince.  I'm getting the sense that there's a bit of the Emperor's New Clothing thing going on with the regular clientele and they're going along with it.  The scallops were competently prepared but the choice of kim-chee seemed off for the rest of the ingredients.  It stuck me as being unbalanced.  I mean, just because you CAN mix kim-chee with advocado doesn't mean you SHOULD, right?
The Creekstone Beef Sirloin and the Striped Bass were other examples where I just didn't feel that what was actually on the plate warranted the prices.  The beef seemed to have been "sous vide" and was flavorful but needing salt and oddly chewy in some bites.  The accompaniments consisted of three (count them three) new potatoes the size of grapes - which is to say, surprisingly small, a dollop of what I believe was celeriac puree and some caramelized onions.  I have had better prepared and more flavorful beef at lesser places. At $28 for what may have been 4 or 5 slices of just OK beef, it underwhelmed me.
The Striped Bass was a better choice in terms of flavor, it was very good but, again I had somewhat of an issue with the portion size.  It was considerably smaller than a deck of cards and priced at $28.  While this sound like I'm grousing about the price or the size of the portions, there just was not enough other accompaniments on the plates that left one satiated at the end of the meal. 
Yes, Pumpkin is a charming little restaurant and is a well loved oasis in the neighborhood.  My question is simply whether the "water" at this oasis has to be in such small cups and be so overpriced.I had a group of 5 here and I was not very happy, although the rest of my party was (hence the 3 star rather than 2). The place is tiny, which is fine, but I think a small restaurant should be more warm and inviting. Our waitress seemed uptight (she may have been new). The food was unexceptional and portions small. The prices were too high for nothing special in atmosphere or quality.It may be a little pricey, but it's unbelievably worth it.  Pumpkin totally keeps Philadelphia fresh.
All their ingredient are fresh and local and it shows.  I've been here twice, both of Sundays during their 5 course menus.  We called ahead of time to tell them we eat only fish and no meat. They happily obliged.
From beginning to end it was a fantastic experience and I recommend to anyone.I agree with some of the other reviews that Pumpkin just tries too hard with the food. The atmosphere was pretty good - small, cozy, and intimate, but too dim for my likes, as it seemed the only lighting in the restaurant was candelight. Anyways. I had high hopes for Pumpkin judging by their RW menu, but it was kind of a let down. The mushroom and potato amuse-bouche was incredibly salty. For apps, I had the sweet potato veloute and my bf got the pork belly. The veloute was amazing - the only part of the meal I think I enjoyed. However, it would have been a much better experience without all the little things they dumped into the soup that they then had to explain to me as they served me my food. The soup should have been the main star, probably only with the subtlest of garnishes so I could fully enjoy each smooth, creamy bite. 
For entrees, the bf got the duck and I decided to mix it up and get the salmon. Our server warned me that the salmon was cooked medium rare (I forgot why - something about amplifying the flavor I think) and I figured it would be fine so I told her to go for it. When it came out, I instantly regretted not telling her to cook it medium-well done, because the texture of the salmon was not what I had in mind at all. Again, the entrees were served with a multitude of small sides that had to be listed to us - and still we didn't catch all of it, so we weren't 100% sure of what we were eating. The salmon was a huge letdown, also because it was too bland. My bf's duck was good, but he said it had way too much connective tissue - to the point where he had to spit some of it out because he just couldn't finish chewing it. 
For dessert, we both went with the cheesecake because I heard good things about it. My bf adored it, I wasn't so sold. It was a really dense, brown butter (? the server explained this to me, but I don't recall) cheesecake, and I think I personally prefer a lighter, fluffier cheesecake. The apple sorbet on top of the cheesecake was amazing, though. 
All in all, I loved the environment but the food sadly didn't leave a good impression on me. Like I said before, Pumpkin should cut out the quirky, fancy side "amusements" and let the locally-sourced food shine on its own with minimal support. I probably would not go back, unless with someone else who wanted to.
PS: the bf also really liked the small pack of pumpkin seeds delivered along with the check - a cute touch.The $35 sunday tasting menu is one of the best, tastiest deals in town. The place is cozy, the service is always impeccable, the menu is creative, and it's BYO so the wine is always perfectly chosen. ;-)This place is intimate (or tiny depending on your point of view) and I liked the atmosphere immediately.  I have been so friggin' busy with work lately that I haven't been able to review very much, so this meal was from back in August...sorry for the delay.  I can't remember the appetizer, but remember it being a lot of ingredients that I wouldn't have thought about putting together and that it was good.  I then had hanger steak for dinner and it very good for that cut of steak.  Much more tender than I would expect from a hanger.
This place also has a very unique clientele and the people watching that my gf and I enjoyed that night definitely made the experience more enjoyable. There was this kid sitting next to our table commenting on every sip of his wine and his gf/who knows what was writing down every word.  I had a hard time not laughing out loud (and the wine was like a $10 bottle of wine...if you are going to act that ridiculously pretentious please do so with good wine).  There were others that I could write about, but I'll keep this review about the food.
Overall it was very good and I would go back for sure.  My only complaint is that it was uncomfortably hot in there...like I was sweating.  They must not have had A.C. or something.  Anyways, still very strong little spot...I'm a fan.Oh Pumpkin....  the many ways I love you.
My boyfriend and I went here for a celebratory dinner when we found out I was being offered a job at a great architecture firm here in Philly.  I made the reservation that day, and they managed to fit us in at 9:30 (the perfect time for us, since we're sort-of-late eaters).  
We showed up right on time, and they seated us immediately in a cute little booth nearish to the kitchen.  (One point for Pumpkin!)
The staff there is AWESOME.  Everyone seems to do everyone else's jobs in the front of the house (in other words, they have one another's backs -- a true indicator of a well-run restaurant).  The woman who sat us went and got us bread and put our wine somewhere to chill.  The woman who was our server came over very quickly to talk to us about the menu (which was amazing...).  We were very curious about the braising liquid that was the base for the sauce for the short rib with porter sauce (what I eventually ordered) and the base for the sauce of the fish dish (ordered by my boyfriend).  The woman who was acting as hostess/runner/bread server/wealth of knowledge couldn't totally answer our questions about the sauce, so she went back to the kitchen and got us a taste of the sauce so we could try it out.  (50 points for Pumpkin!!!)
It was delicious, as were the dishes themselves.  All the flavors worked in a gorgeous harmony together -- the short rib was perfectly tender in its Guinness sauce, the potatoes gratin were cheesy, but not too much, the mushroom salad was nutty and... well... mushroomy.  (Even more points for Pumpkin!!!)
Needless to say, we closed the restaurant down after having some simultaneously rich and fluffy chocolate cake with the most luscious coconut ice cream I have ever tasted.  
I could give them more points, but I've lost count, so we'll just chalk it up to infinity.Does pumpkin not want customers? They called to confirm my reservation and were borderline rude in insisting that I leave within 1.5 hours. I made the mistake of keeping my reservation, but ultimately decided I wanted to enjoy dinner and not feel rushed, so I went somewhere else. Three months later, I thought I'd give them another shot - this time they called repeatedly while I was in a meeting, and eventually sent a text saying they required a deposit because I didn't come last time. The restaurant generally does not require a deposit to hold a reservation, but specifically singled me out. I've read other reviews about pumpkin treating minority customers poorly so maybe that was it - but regardless, it was inappropriate and one of the weirder customer service experiences I've had.Expensive, but worth it!!!! Cash only, but worth it!!! Everything I had was delicious. Plus, it's BYOB, so you save some money there. Staff was wonderful. This place is a must try!4.5 mainly for the food. Service overall good as well but not as memorable as the food, and the place is quite cute.  We ordered the chilled pea soup, Scottish salmon, pork tenderloin (which was up there with the best pork dishes I have had), rhubarb cake, lemon posset. Delightful, original flavor combinations without being over-salted.It was cash only but the five course meal was pretty good. The place was pretty small but very cute for a date or meeting with a small group. Def coming back againI had the Sunday tasting menu. The cauliflower soup was good, felt like it was missing a little something. The house made sausage was very good, as well as the skate wing. The skate was cooked perfectly. Some of the veggies were very salty. The best part was the dessert. I forget the name but it was a bowl of some sort of creme with chocolate cake pieces, toasted marshmallow, bananas, chocolate ganache and peanut butter. Overall, I would go back. The decor is a little gloomy but it is a very nice BYOB.Cash only, BYO
Rather cozy intimate eatery with very delicious food. One problem with the closeness of the space is if you have a noisy patron dining there it becomes everyone's problem. Had this experience when I dined here recently. The restaurant handled it best they could by comping the tables' desserts that were affected. 
For food, I tried the monkfish and wasn't overly impressed and cannot pin it to me disliking monkfish or the way it was prepared. Also tried the NY strip, my favorite cut of meat - ordered it medium. It was cooked rare and bled on the plate when cut. It was still very tasty but blood mixed with the remainder of my meal - not ideal.restaurant is very tiny...but tables were very roomy...and was able accommodate our group of 6 people.  Server was very friendly and explained everything on the menu.  I had sweetbreads as an appetizer...absolutely delicious...entree I had was beef cheeks...it was good...but bit salty...Came here on a Friday night with the fiance and was underwhelmed!  We live a couple blocks away and have been meaning to try Pumpkin and finally got around to it last week.  I know this place is known for their awesome food but we left pretty disappointed! (-1 star) Their menu changes seasonally (or monthly?) so perhaps we just weren't blown away by the limited menu selection the night we were there. We got the green soup (basically a cold, green smoothie in a bowl) and the grilled calamari (good but not great).
For dinner, he got the salmon, which he had to send back because it was WAY undercooked. I got the steak which was good, but again, nothing special.
We also noticed that two couples who came in after us were served their food before us.  Minus another star for that! Probably won't be coming back :(Went here tonight for the Sunday tasting menu.  It was the best food decision my husband and I have made in a long time.  Unbelievably good and fresh food.  Our server was great and attentive. We will definitely be back!During every CCD Restaurant Week, my wife and I try and check out some new restaurants in Philly that we haven't had the opportunity to dine at yet.  This time that establishment was Pumpkin.
I will start by stating that my reviews are based on a few things when I dine at any restaurant, quality and taste of the food, the ambiance of the establishment, and the quality of the wait staff.  Overall Pumpkin was a great experience from start to finish.
Walking in to Pumpkin we were greeted right away with a smile.  Pumpkin is a smaller establishment, but that works to its advantage because the ultra friendly staff here is able to be very attentive to all your needs.  Another great plus about Pumpkin is that it's a BYOB.  So you can bring your favorite red, white, or bubbly without having to pay inflated prices like some other places in the city.
Now on to my review of the food...
For appetizers my wife ordered the Chilled Chickpea Soup and I went with the Lamb meatballs.
Both appetizers were plated and served beautifully.  The meatballs had excellent flavor from the lamb and everything else on the plate all paired well,  My wife's soup was very flavorful, so much so that she asked for an extra piece of bread to sop up anything left in the bowl. 
For entrees my wife went with the Salmon dish and I went with the Berkshire Pork Loin.
We shared each others dishes and both were delicious.  My pork was extremely tender and the pumpkin seed sauce was an nice touch.  It also came with very delicious smoky bacon and beans mixture and grits.  My wife's Salmon was cooked to perfection.  The skin was nice and crispy and the salmon was so juicy and just flaked apart.  Both dishes were a hit and we couldn't decide who's was better.
For dessert I chose the Sticky Toffee Pudding and my wife went for their Molten Chocolate Cake.  Her chocolate cake was very tasty without being overly sweet or decadent.  My sticky toffee pudding was very sweet and very yummy,  I think the sticky toffee pudding won this round.
This was a our first time eating here, but it will not be the last.  Everything about this restaurant was great.  The food, the cozy atmosphere, and the wonderful wait staff.I went here for the 5 course tasting menu on Sunday, 28-Dec-08. From start to finish, Pumpkin delivered a fantastic meal. I would definitely return without an iota of hesitation. Make sure you call about a week ahead for a reservation. 
I really enjoyed everything about this place. It was a small, cozy place that was well decorated. The service was top tier. The servers were passionate about what they did and always had a smile. Service is one of the most controllable and influential aspects of dining out so its nice to go to a place that really cares about satisfaction. 
The meal was good sized portions for a tasting menu which is nice considering the potency, complexity and balance in each bite was worth revisiting. I really enjoyed the walu appetizer and flank steak entree. The only part of the meal that was just OK was the salad. This meal was really good because for the week before hand, all I ate was Polish holiday food in my hometown so the freshness and flavors were a great break to that monotony.
The only potential downside of this place is that it can be loud. When I was at Pumpkin, there was a table of six people who apparently could only communicate by shouting to each other despite being 3 feet away. Also, I cannot understand how a restaurant like this doesn't take credit cards. I can see the point of not taking cards from a logistic and managerial standpoint but I hope they start taking cards in the future. They also should have a real website.
If your a fan of an ever evolving menu and fresh, wholesome ingredients, then you should definitely visit Pumpkin. Great place that I hope is around for a long time.We went here for my fiance`s birthday.  At first glance it is extremely small.  Maybe only about 12 tables.
The cool thing about this menu is that it is always changing, they use only the freshest local ingredients and create the menu accordingly.
We started off with some fresh bread and infused garlic olive oil, very good.
For appetizers we got the Pork belly.
Also got the Pil Pil which was strange looking in a cocktail glass of foam, but turned out it tasted like blue crab when mixed in.  It was good  but my least favorite of the 3 apps
Third app we had was the octupus, it was very good serves  with a black emulsion.
'
For  our entrees we ordered the special beef short ribs and a side of beans which were both excellent.  Portion sizes were perfect. 
We alsao ordered the Pan seared cobia (like a white fish/yellowfin tuna taste)
Only complaint here was the "sea foam" crap they put on top of it.  Not a fan of restaurants that use the foam on anything.
Overall I would say Pumpkin is a very good restaurant geared more towards the gourmet diners.  Although this is not generally our style it turned out to be a good pick.
BYOB always makes it easier to deal with the bill :}WOW.  I'm not sure what else I can say about this BYO.  It's absolutely incredible and I highly recommend it.  The Spanish Rock Octopus was cooked perfectly and very tender with a slight bit of spice from the peppers.  The Coddled egg was PHENOMENAL.  It was over blended cauliflower, had La Querica Ham (think prosciutto), mushrooms and fine leeks (I think) that were crispy around the edge that added nice texture to the dish.  Absolutely phenomenal for all the senses.
It's a small place so don't be late!  They have people waiting after you for your table so be courteous, tip well (the wait staff is fantastic) and enjoy yourself!Pretty good New American food that feels a bit too pricey. 
We opted for the prix fixe Sunday menu (only thing offered on Sundays.)
The butternut squash soup was excellent. It was savoury, creamy, and super smooth. 
The mussels were well executed. They held a uniquely earthy and acidic flavor. This was comprised of fennel, cider, and mustard: an inventive and complex flavor profile. 
The swordfish was OK. It didn't flake on light pressure and had a little too much chewiness for the cost of this meal. 
The chocolate cake was good but not particularly memorable.
I left this meal feeling like it was trying too hard to be fancy food. Some of the textures worked, but others didn't. I give 4 stars because the plates the were good were really good. No excuse for improperly executed fish, however.Pumpkin is one of the best restaurants in Philly hands down.  The food is amazing, service is excellent, it's a BYOB, and very affordable.  We went this past Sunday for I believe a 5 course prix fixe menu and it was like $110 or something.  You can't even get crappy takeout for that these days I swear.  Anywho, the portions were pretty large in comparison to other prix fixe menus I've had in the past and the food was so fresh!  Be aware that is a tiny restaurant...some tables are pretty close together and some tables are by themselves where there is more space.  I had requested a table by itself because the hubby is hard of hearing and they had no problem honoring my request.  I highly recommend!A very small and intimate restaurant. Although the service could be improved to accommodate the waiting time (obviously due to high demand of seatings), the food is downright gorgeous. They carry a small menu but every dish is stunningly pleasant. The menu is very seasonal and food fresh. The pumpkin soup and atlantic char we had at the time was really something special.
Overall it's a very cozy and satisfactory experience.The food is good (but small portion sizes) - the service and venue stinks! 
When we arrived for our reservation they did not have the table ready for us, but suggested to seat our party of 5 on a 4 seat table with an extra chair (3 chairs on one side 2 on the other). This was very tight and on one side there was just no space to move our elbows. We complained several times about this but the table originally reserved for us never became available. Instead of a a real apology (and maybe some free food) we just got smart-a** answers from our waitress. The situation was worsened by the fact that the place is (even for a Philly BYOB) extremely packed with tables making it hard for the waiters to move between tables and making us constantly shift around to enable them to pass. Because of this we could not really enjoy our food - but it was quite good- but don't come hungry, the servings are small. 
We were very surprised when we finally got the check: Although we were only five and had complained several times about the 5-on-4 seating the waitress had the nerve to add about 22% tip on our check. We reduced the tip to 15% and wanted to explain the situation to the waitress - but when she heard that we had reduced the tip she cut us off grabbed the cash and left. This was one of the worst experiences with a waitress I ever had: she not only could not to honor our reservation, improve our uncomfortable situation and was rude when we wanted to complain about a non-justified tip. I am not coming back.This is a great little BYO in the Rittenhouse area for a small dinner. The restaurant itself is tiny, so come with a small group (no more than 5-6, tops) and make sure to get a reservation in advance.
The menu is pretty small with 5-6 main items, but they change it fairly regularly to adjust to the seasons. This can be both good and bad. I've been there before and not really seen anything that I liked much (especially since I have a dairy allergy), but then I went back a few weeks ago and loved my meal. 
End result: I'm somewhere between 3-4 stars on this one based on food. I settled on 4 because I have had 4-worthy food here, and I've never been with someone who didn't enjoy their meal.We went here for Easter dinner and had a wonderful meal off their tasting menu at a great price.YUM!  Fabulous menu and fabulous service!!!!
See photos I posted because they were gorgeous - edible art!  My favorite dish was the Monkfish.  I tried Sweetbreads for the first time which was very good.  I love that it's byob and cash only doesn't bother me one bit.  The servers were friendly and helped us make some decisions when unsure about which dessert to order (we got both, they were a hard sell)! I have been raving about my meal for the past week and I can't wait to go back.Am so pleased that Pumpkin is still on the market - available if you will - single and ready to mingle!  I remember when she first came on the scene, ready to make a splash - she took up residence a in a pretty white boring box and served some pretty good food.  I went out with her again a couple times, but I never called her back.  You know, my life was really complicated back then.
Fast forward years later - she's got a whole new look, a makeover, and her menu it seems, more exciting, elegant, changing as the market and the seasons demand (different every week - sometimes days), and wow!  So beautiful and so delicious.  I'm ready to make a commitment.
With its renovated interiors (romantic lighting, reclaimed wood), intimate but roomy seating despite the tiny dining room, the whole place is perfect for a lovely night out.  The plating is simply gorgeous (the likes of which I have not seen in quite a while) - and the food is well executed.  Service is attentive, involved (pouring us wine, providing fresh glasses between bottles - not common at most Philly BYOBs) and knowledgeable.
Pumpkin prides itself on using local and sustainable products wherever possible - and it shows.  Solid appetizers, entrées and the most delectable dessert (Flavors of a Banana Foster! yummers) -make for a good, responsible meal -If service was better, I'd give it a 5. Food is delicious, not overdone or overly complicated and not overly salted (like many restaurants). Good, fresh, healthy preparations. Like many BYOB, it's small and tables are very close together. So, know that's going to be the atmosphere. The service is rushed and very impersonal for such a small place. We asked a few questions about some of the preparations and this seemed to annoy the server; he was clearly not interested in explaining how things were cooked (i.e., was the fish sauteed, pan seared, baked...normal questions). So, i would go back absolutely but now i know not to expect a friendly neighborhood atmosphere, even though that's what it looks like it should be.Went to this byo for a Wednesday night dinner with a friend.  The menu was full of fishy options that we good for my pescatarian friends.  I really enjoyed the ambiance--cozy and intimate.  Service was good.
My pumpkin gnocchi with mushrooms were excellent and very much enjoyed.  Its that time of year when I get a craving for all things autumnal and this hit the spot.
Our fish dishes were perfectly cooked, and a little bit different from the ordinary run of things.
Only complaint is that its cash only.  I'll still come back, but I never carry cash anymore.Had dinner with a friend there tonight and loved the ambiance of the place. However, it is really really small. The table for two was really really small. Not good for large groups.
We ordered several items to share:
Appetizer: the rock octopus, extremely tender and well seasoned.
Entree: Strip steak - juicy with a delicious gravy and yam puree; Spanish mackerel - light and flakey, cooked to perfection
Daily sides: quinoa with farro and beets & some other veggie dish
Everything tasted fresh and delicious, but I thought it was a bit pricey for what was served. The entrees are all around the $30 range with a separate charge for the side dishes. 
My biggest complaint is that this place is cash only. That is really annoying when you are putting down $$$ for the meal. I usually don't carry around that much cash.My first time dining at Pumpkin was this past Sunday, and on Sundays they only offer their 5-course tasting menu. For $35, we were given potato leek soup; choice of appetizer (scallops or lasagna bolognese); a salad of beets, goat cheese, and mixed greens; choice of Grouper or Arctic Char entrees; and choice of olive oil cake with poached pears, chocolate cake with banana caramel, or vanilla panna cotta desserts. The 3 of us managed to order all of the dishes.
* The soup was creamy without being too heavy and had good flavor.
* The scallops were nicely seared and served with grapefuit and frisé, which provided texture and lovely acid. I didn't taste the lasagna, but was told it was good and surprisingly light. 
* The salad was very good with the delicious beets and goat cheese topped with Boston, frisé, and baby lettuces and with a simple dressing.
* The Arctic Char was wonderful. It was served on French lentils and topped with a shredded cabbage with apples. The sauce was a simple lemon butter that had a hint of fennel in it from the vegetable stock base. The fish itself was perfectly cooked. Char is one of my favorites and they did it superbly. A friend had the Grouper, which was served with a shrimp-based sauce. The fish was nicely cooked and she really enjoyed it. (This friend isn't a big fan of fish, but after a little prodding she tasted the Char. She then had to taste more of it. I guess she likes another kind of fish.)
* The panna cotta was good, although it's a dessert with which I'm not experienced and I don't know how it compares to others. On the other hand, I know cake and both the chocolate cake and the olive oil cake were very good, with my final vote going to the latter. The accompanying poached pears were firm and the plain yogurt under the cake really gave depth to the flavors.
I will be back to Pumpkin soon, especially to take advantage of this great Sunday deal. We were served a lot of food for the money. I found the service good and friendly and the atmosphere cozy. While it is a small place and there were only 3 other occupied tables, it didn't strike me as cramped. One friend suggested that adding some mirrors on the 2 side walls would help make the space look bigger, but otherwise we found the interior pleasant.
I definitely recommend Pumpkin.Food was delicious. Service was lovely. We really enjoyed the atmosphere. It's neat how they use pumpkin in small unexpected ways in various dishes.Can't believe it took me this long to try this place, but I'm glad I did. 
Suuuuuper cozy lil BYO (ie. packed in there like sardines) but I really didn't mind. 
First thing's first, I must comment on the two random, unimportant-in-the-grand-scheme-of-things details that ultimately won me over. 
1. The bread, which is delicious on its own, is served with olive oil with a crushed roasted garlic clove in it. BE MORE DELICIOUS- OH WAIT, YOU CAN'T. Bread everywhere else now dims in comparison. 
2. Sent us home with two lil packets of pumpkin seeds. Ya know, cause the place is called Pumpkin. How cute are you?
On to the food. We ordered:
spanish rock octopus- this was good, garlicky, and not weird and rubbery the way I always imagined octopus would taste before I became an adult and decided not to judge things I've never even eaten.
wild duxbury mussels- these were over-the-top good, but I can't tell if that's just because I was majorly craving mussels. Broth was saffron/vermouth/dijon mustard, and was also an excellent vehicle for bread-dipping.
striped bass- i ordered this solely because it was served with white beans. I'm talkin big, buttery white beans cooked to perfection. It was served in a lightly herbed broth and came with rapini, which I found a little bitter. The fish, though, was fantastic. Perfectly cooked and not overly fishy.
arctic charr- my boyfriend ordered this because the description said 'borscht, horseradish and smoked turnip'. Not so sure how/where the borscht was involved in this one, but the fish was, again, very tasty. 
side of potatoes- these came plain, roasted with olive oil and lightly salted. Good, but could have been more flavorful. 
Pricewise, slightly on the more expensive side, but could be worse. Our bill was $100 for everything above. I probably would have given this place 3 1/2 stars if that was an option, but I will definitely come back and order differently to get a fuller picture of how I feel about it. For sure worth trying, though.I ended up here after meeting the Chef/owner at Tangier the night before. He 's an awesome guy and invited us to check out his restaurant.  When we arrived, he had a delicious, chilled bottle of wine waiting for us. Then he informed us that we'd be getting the tasting menu. 
He personally delivered each dish, explained the motivation behind it and passionately described the fresh ingredients used.  It was obvious that he loves to cook and that translates into beautifully plated, absolutely delicious dishes. The standout for me was the roasted chicken. It was juicy and flavorful and perfectly browned. I had foie gras for the first time and was not a fan but my friends said it was the best they'd ever had.  If I'm being perfectly honest, my favorite part of the whole meal was the dessert. The dinner was great but the cheesecake was out of this world.  Indulgent and light at the same time. After dessert, out came the bottles of apple cider.  12 bottles later we were sufficiently drunk, full of great food and exhausted from laughing till we cried. 
I may be biased but I highly recommend this place, the ingredients are fresh -the chef knows each farmer personally. The waitstaff is incredibly warm and accommodating.  And the food is great.How can you go wrong with a BYOB with great food and great service?!? Its a very intimate atmosphere great for conversation over a nice glass of wine. I had the Bavette Steak which was to die for. It was super tender. Overall, great choice for a 1st date or just ladies (gents) night out.I went to Pumpkin recently for the Sunday 5-course tasting menu.  First of all, the price was ideal... $35.  You can't get better than that.  Everything from the chilled chickpea soup with harissa tuna tartare, to the quail stuffed with sweet breads, to the flourless chocolate cake was amazing!  Even the salad was very refreshing - the greens tasted like they came right from a garden outside.  The server was very knowledgeable, prompt, and just nice.  I left full and happy and will definitely be back.Like the other reviews, the food is AWESOME!  I have gone to Pumpkin about three times now, and every single time, the staff has been super friendly and nice.  
Definitely recommend taking advantage of their Sunday $40, 5 course tasting menu.
Cash only, BYOB, a bit small so wouldn't recommend going with large crowds.I love the farm to table concept...so, I was supposed to "get" this place.  I eat with my eyes as much as my stomach, but my experience was nothing short of disappointing.  In addition to cramped tables, our server addressed us when we were in the middle of conversation, and I had to ask for our 2nd bottle of wine to be opened even though there were clearly empty classes on the table.  While the presentation was very good, the food was just barely ok, and nothing compared to the taste I expected from this highly rated spot. When you offer an extremely limited prix fixe menu, everything on it needs to be outstanding.  Our soup seemed to be all cream and had a subtle, far too subtle, taste of cauliflower, our escargot were tender but lacking in flavor, and our goat cheesecake was heavy and felt more like a cheese course than a dessert...an odd offering since cheese was offered as an appetizer. The beef entree was successful, but the fish was nothing out of the ordinary and lacking the desirable crispy skin.  So, when the check came, I felt cheated out of a great food experience.  Too bad, the joke was on me.it is a small tiny pale room with sparse decor.
the tables are jammmed in very tightly.
it is loud and not comfortable. 
food:
apps -
grilled octopus, with fingerling potatoes, and a tomato spread a+. very very meaty and not rubbery and very good. 
pumpkin gnochi  in a brown butter sauce. a +. creamy and good.
potato leak soup was flavorless. surprising since the pumpkin market has done a mean potato sunchoke soup in the past. 
entrees -
grouper w/ shrimp. oh boy. grouper was great , but the shrimp were so so salty. :*( no good. 
hanger steak. tiny strips. not really super special. 
char (like a salmon) ok. on a bed of lentils that could have been cooked 2 minutes longer.
desert-
pumpkin bread. dry.
coffee ice cream yum.
the waiters barely talked to us, and we really felt like we were in their way. 
and people coming in for their tables just stand there awkwardly and stare at the tables, cause there is no where to go, and the front of house is busy waiting tables or something. 
and the poor tables right next to the bathroom. 
this place is so tiny and uncomfortable!  
so sad. this really wasnt the great meal i wanted it to be.The food gods were with us last night.   Had plans to have dinner at Audrey Claire but wait was hours.  Walked to a few others spots...all the same.  Took a. Nance and called pumpkin..and we got in.   Amazing experience.  First time there.   Really small and well done space.   Service and food were amazing.  Highly recommend it!I've been eating at Pumpkin for about 4 years (maybe longer!) and I can't complain. I'm not saying it not really good or really bad, I'm saying I have not on complaint about this restaurant whatsoever. I love it here. My kids like it too but since it's kinda romantic we try to leave them home when coming here.
The food--- memorable. I remember the salad from last fall that features Brussels sprout leaves wilted just right over a bed of mixed greens that included radicchio and frisée combined with sliced apples or pears depending on the day and lardons and I Can't wait to see what the chef comes up with for this fall. Hopefully it's the same salad so I can go back for it again and again. 
The atmosphere--- a little dark and can be very romantic when there's a group of people who appreciates that kinda thing eating around you. Several two top tables make it a great spot for a date but definitely make a reservation.
The drinks--- BYOB baby!! Best kind there are if you ask me. Which you did, because you read my review. EnjoyAnnoying.  What the hell is the point of making a reservation, if the restaurant decides to cancel them on its own??  Apparently the restaurant called a few times, but I was out of the country.  I don't get phone messages when I'm out of the country.  And this is 2016, right?  There's this technology called email.  And why don't you re-check through OpenTable??  That's the whole point of making an OpenTable reservation, right?  I show up to mine.  Why do I have to get penalized for others who don't honor their reservations.  If a restaurant insists on having a phone conversation for reservations, then state that explicitly.  Or don't even take OpenTable reservations.  I was actually looking forward to finally trying this place out.  But this completely unprofessional business practice has turned me off completely.  Good riddance.I'm late to the Pumpkin game, but hope to be back often! Took an out of town guest and a bottle of malbec rose for dinner on Thursday night. We were seated promptly and service was a pleasure from start to finish. The space is intimate, comfortable, dark, and not too trendy. But the food is really the reason to go! My friend had the scallop crudo to start, I had the asparagus side dish (a special) as my appetizer. Both were fabulous! The asparagus was perfectly complemented by an anchovy sauce and garnishes, was probably my favorite part of the meal. My friend ordered the pork porterhouse (he asked the waiter if it was "lean", the answer was yes, but this is one serious piece of meat! and did have quite a bit of fat on the cut) and I had the monkfish with shitakes (I think?). My fish was perfectly cooked and delicious. The pork was equally as good. We skipped dessert (were both VERY full), although my friend had a coffee (which I was jealous of - individual french press? nice detail). I was nervous about the cash only policy and had taken quite a bit of money out to make sure I could cover the meal, but our bill came to under $100! Very reasonable for dinner. Looking forward to going back for their Sunday night prix fixe menu!There's only one way to celebrate a birthday - and that's with the Sunday night 5 course tasting menu at Pumpkin!
My bf and I have wanted to try out Pumpkin (the restaurant) FOREVER. We've been to the cafe and market, but just hadn't gotten around to trying Pumpkin (the cash-only thing deterred us for a bit, to be honest). When Restaurant Week came, I almost made reservations at Pumpkin until I saw the regular 5 course tasting menu for the same price! With my bf's birthday around the corner, we decided to wait until then and the meal was PERFECT.
Celery Root Soup with apple and shallot: 10 points for presentation! The waitress set the bowls on the table (cute mound of apples/shallots/celery foam at center) and gracefully poured the soup into each bowl. It was delicious, creamy but light with the perfect smooth texture.
Cassoulet beans, squid, broccoli rabe: I love squid, and this was cooked perfectly. The mix of flavors (the beans clearly had some kind of pork in it for a smoky flavor) was hearty and yummy.
Toasted farro, braised beef, baby carrots: My bf's favorite dish (and his appetizer, I didn't get a bite!), the beef just fell apart when his fork touched it, and he couldn't stop raving about the farro (I know what I'm making regularly now...).
Beet goat cheese salad with pine nuts: Tiny size, but tasty and refreshing after the last course.
Pan Roast Skate with bouillabaisse sauce, rouille, and fennel: THE BEST SKATE I HAVE EVER HAD. I need to find out how they cooked it, it was incredible I wish I had the whole fish to consume!
Duck Leg Confit with apple, carrot and turnip: The duck was fantastic, soooo tender and juicy, and the traditional accompaniments were done with such skill that the dish was better than you could ever make at home.
Buttermilk Panna Cotta with black currant, brown butter, ginger snaps: We both got the same dessert because chocolate cake is overrated. This was fan-f-ing-tastic, the tartness of the buttermilk came through well but it was still sweet, the black currant sauce was a similar tartness, and the gingersnap crumbles with the dehydrated brown butter (really weird, but delish!) just turned the whole thing on it's head and made my taste buds soar. YUM!
We brought our own wine, which they offered to chill for us, and those two hours flew by in a whirlwind of food. The meal was absolutely perfect, it reminded us of the Culinary Institute of America's American Bounty restaurant, that is how high the quality is here. You have to try Pumpkin at least once if not more - but make reservations! Especially for Sunday night, no one was in there that didn't have reservations.Out of all the places I have been in Philadelphia - this is by far my favorite. The multi course menu on Sunday for a steal is unbelievable. BYOB and fantastic service add to the amazing experience every time I go. It is a small restaurant so we have to plan ahead but I'm happy to keep it small as it adds to it.I think the food is wonderful at Pumpkin. I have only dined here twice, first when they had just opened and again a few years later. I love that it is a BYO. The food is truly delicious. The intimate atmosphere is great for dates or a small party. If you know Philly, you don't mind that it is cash only, that's standard in this city. Plan ahead. :)I have actually put more thought into this review than any previous others. I was impressed by all the positive reviews, very detailed, which lead me to believe the reviewers really enjoyed their time at pumpkin. 
starting off with the good, all our food was cooked well and had a good mixture of tasty ingredients. We ate sweetbreads, two chicken dinners and two strip steaks. I enjoyed the flavor of my meal and the piece of my companions meal. 
The reasons I cannot join in the chorus of four or five star reviews are as follows. 
We made reservations for 8:30PM on a Saturday night. the table was not ready for us, and there was no place to stand to wait, standing on south street during May is no big deal, but would have sucked if it were winter. 
There were five possible entrees, one was roast chicken, not much of a selection especially because I'm not a fish fan, and two were swimmers. 
the entree I was excited to try, lamb t bone with blue cheese gnocchi was out by 8:30, so a no go there, I was left with choice of roast chicken and NY strip, kinda pedestrian. 
the portions were pretty small, and was left a little hungry even with appetiser. 
we ordered two desserts flour less chocolate cake with coffee ice cream, it was really good...but the other dessert was a goat cheese cheesecake, which tasted like...well it didn't taste like anything. 
out of the four of us, i enjoyed myself the most, My friends who picked the restaurant were not pleased with the evening. 
for some reason, i feel guilty about only giving three stars, because well cooked food is well cooked food and most important, but the limited menu missing what seemed to be the most interesting dish, is hard to get past and A-ok is the best I can do. i will go back just to satisfy my, was it just "off" curiosity.I was very eager to return to Pumpkin. It had been years since I dined here but I vaguely recalled a good meal. What a disappointment. Visually speaking it was all you could hope for. Everything was beautifully and artfully prepared. Herein lies the problem. I felt like things were placed on the plate for it's aesthetic qualities and not because it actually added anything to the dish. I'm not a fan of things being thrown on a plate to make it pretty.
 As for the food itself I ordered the seasonal vegetable app and skate for the main course. The vegetables were meh.. Some bites were good, others not so much. It was beautiful to look at, but pretty small in size. My skate was also meh. Not bad by any means, but not fantastic.. Also pretty small for $25. I was still pretty hungry after the two courses, as well as a flour less chocolate cake. This was not the Pumpkin I remember...Pumpkin is really small but the food was amazing.  It's BYOB, cash only, and you have to have a reservation.  Even if you have a reservation, the later in the night it goes, you may have to wait.  There aren't very many tables inside and if folks want to sit and chat after dinner, you may end up waiting.  The ambiance inside is really nice.  It was lit with candle light and made for a romantic date.  The food was excellent.  I had skate.  The waitress was very friendly and was very attentive on bringing out wine every time our glasses got lower.  The menu changes almost every week because they use local, fresh ingredients, so check the menu online.  They give you pumpkin seeds with your check, too.  I thought that was cute!  I would definitely go back.Fantastic food and great service made this a 5 star night. James and Chris worked the kitchen with artistry and very also great to speak with. For appetizers really enjoyed the  grilled squid, main courses loved the scallops and chicken, desserts warm chocolate cake with mint ice cream. Everything from start to finish were fresh and creatively prepared with hard to find ingredients and local/organic sources.
Diane was great server and hostess. Knowledgable on food with recommendations (dead on) and good conversation. Add this to your must list. Very small which helps with you enjoying food with memorable flavor and perfect plating and taste!Delicious food, adorable little restaurant for a date. And they give you a snack for the road...Wanted to try Pumpkin after seeing it on the 50 best restaurants list for 2015 in Philadelphia, and it surely did not disappoint. The service was great, the food was delicious and different without being too over- the- top. The menu wasn't too big, but it could accommodate anyone. I had the striped bass since it mentioned being made with pistachios, which I'm a fan of. Plus it had some type of yogurt sauce. It was delicious. Everything down to the French- pressed coffee was great. Loved it!We took our roommate here for her farewell dinner and loved the place!  Cute little place for small parties and chatting with friends. We ordered practically everything on the menu that day and loved every dish. The fish I had, Red Drum, was just how I like it. The dishes were a bit on the salty side, but overall very flavorful and delicious! Definitely need to make reservations because they were busy the entire time we were there.I had been meaning to try out Pumpkin for awhile now but just never got around to it. When I finally got the chance to go, Pumpkin did not disappoint. The inside is very cozy and somewhat intimate, but the food is what was really exceptional. We got the goat cheese gnocci to share to start with and it was delicious. For entrees, I got the duck and it was the best duck I have ever had. Every bite was delicious and left me wanting more. It was quite rich but in the best possible way. My friend got the pork tenderloin and it was good, but definitely didn't compare to how good the duck was. I'm excited to come back to Pumpkin and try more of their dishes.BYOB with delightful food, timely service, and reasonable ambiance.
Restaurant Week tends to bring out the worst in restaurants: limited options, subpar service, sometimes subpar food.  Pumpkin is happily unfazed as high quality food and service made for a lovely meal.  Granted, I've never come for regular dinner service but my experience during RW compels me to return.
Sheep's milk panna cotta with melon and basil, seared squid over chow chow, soft shell crab over succotash, chicken sausage with eggplant and pickled peppers, pistachio financier and Pot de Creme all came at a reasonable pace, with presentation and quality flavors as the mainstays for a pleasant evening out.
Only negatives (if they can be considered as such) were the mediocre bread and the cash-only requirements (it is BYOB, so this is standard)
Producing posh provisions, pleasantly plush.  Cheers.so delicious!  on such a nice summery day, pumpkin's food could not have been more perfect.  it was quiet on a late weekday night and the hostess/server was very gracious and attentive, but not overbearing.
we started out w some warm bread and garlic-infused olive oil (with whole roasted garlic cloves in the bowl).  I'm not a big lentil fan but the cold lentil salad with lots of mint was really delicious.  My favorite dish of the night was the grilled calamari, which came on a bed of different peas (i never ever imagined peas could be so tasty) and the octopus and calamari were grilled to perfection, they just melted in my mouth. 
the duck was done in 2 ways--very good but we loved the seared scallops (w parmesan foam and pork belly) more.  they were perfectly seasoned and cooked w/ such care, each bite was really a delight.  I love how Pumpkin uses all types of different unusual vegetables that I never would think would go with the proteins I'm having.  I thought the scallops were on the small side as some other reviews have complained, but I was very full at the end of our meal.  I didn't like the pork belly, much too fatty and I didn't know what to do with it!
we passed on dessert but the server was so sweet and offered us complimentary desserts, flourless chocolate cake with coconut ice cream and pumpkin cheesecake with pineapple sorbet (w pineapple jellies!).  please see photos i've posted to make up for the lack of eloquence in my descriptions!  it was such a wonderfully pleasant meal with lots of subtle but amazing flavors.  The ingredients are very fresh and the flavors are not overpowering.  the chef really has mastered the art of seasoning b/c everything was seasoned so perfectly which I really appreciate b/c I'm not a big fan of salt!
(bf's review: "This is what I imagine the Romans experienced in the height of their decadence!  Each dish was a completely new take on traditional ingredients.  The octopus was soft and almost creamy and the scallops were so perfectly seared and some of the best I have had my entire life.  The wait staff was very attentive, although it would be an impressive task not to be with a total of six patrons.  The location is the only thing holding this restaurant down.  However, if you really want new, interesting, and palate-melting food, I highly recommend grabbing the chariot and heading down to 17th and South.  One last tip, save room for desert! (or, if you're really true to the Roman theme, "make room" for desert).")Creative to a fault... it seems that the chef goes out of his way to create strange sounding dishes. The combinations of ingredients sound intriguing and unusual but do not seem to taste very good together. I have a wide and varied taste range and usually like trying new things and creative dishes. This place just seemed like it was a TV show competition to use odd ingredients in weird combinations, as if the right things weren't available.
Seating is cramped and the room is very small. We did find the service to be pleasant and attentive. The location is in a gentrifying neighborhood and parking is very limited other than the expensive lot across the street.I wish I could say that I totally enjoyed my experience at this quaint little restaurant, however it was not a 5 star experience. In all fairness, the monkfish was well flavored and went well with the summer squash. The chef certainly knows what she/he is doing. The ambience was not at all what I'd expected. Everyone in the restaurant constantly shouts over each other which diminishes the level of elegance that you'd expect. The food was a bit over priced with smaller portions. I wouldn't suggest going here if you are very hungry as you'll likely end up at Jim's buying a cheesesteak afterwards. While my experience wasn't terrible, it wasn't great and I will not be a returning customer.Food is delicious but I think overpriced. We got escargot, carrots, and the risotto for dinner. All were very delicious. I especially liked the escargot (if you're French, it's definitely not your classic escargot. This one is an interesting take on it). For main course, I got strip steak that was cooked the exact way I wanted to. For dessert, I got chocolate molten cake that was heavier than expected. Overall, good experience and food but not a 5-star placeWe had reservation at 7:30pm on 9/20/16 to celebrate a special birthday. My two gfs showed up before 7:30pm and were seated. The male host working that night told them that they had TWO hours to finish dinner and to be done by 9:30pm. I arrived shortly after finally finding street parking. The host or waitress did not bring the time restraint issue back up again. They did come over often to check if we were done with our dishes so they can clear them. It was restaurant week by the way and they were only serving restaurant week menu. We also noticed that they did NOT put a time restraint on other customers. We were the only minorities there. I have never been treated that way before ever! Thinking back, we should have gotten up and leave. We tipped out of respect for the waitress but the service was mediocre. The food was not bad. WE WILL NEVER GO BACK TO BE TREATED THAT WAY AGAIN.In all fairness, I've only been to Pumpkins once and it was for brunch.  I ordered the breakfast burrito.  It was alright, but pretty bland and dry.  It could have used some tomatoes or other vegetables and it would have been better without the potatoes.  
Judging by the other reviews, maybe dinner is better?  I'm not sure if I'm up to finding out...BL and I wanted to escape from NYC and ended up in Philadelphia for some art and fun. Pumpkin came highly recommended by Jim / James, BL's friends. What a great place! This BYOB (bring your bottles of wine -- soda is available and a bodega is around the corner for some Crazy Horse) spot is intimate and hip with a very attentive and animated all female wait staff. BL started with the roasted veggie soup that reminded me of my childhood favorite Chef Boyardee canned pasta and I had the octopus which was nice and tender and not chewy like the dish I had at Taverna Kyclades in Long Island City, Queens. For the main course, BL had the arctic char and I had the braised lamb shank. Yummy, but slightly overcooked. It was a good dish to have on a snowy freezing evening in Philly. BL's fish was good, but I like mine one way . . . and that's raw. The bill came to $100 (Pumpkin is cash only), slightly pricey without alcohol. All good because I had a great time in Philadelphia and at Pumpkin with BL.Wow wow wow. We recently took a staycation in Philly, in which we stayed in town and tried a bunch of restaurants on our short list, and I think Pumpkin may well have been the highlight. We went for the $40 5-course Sunday prix fixe, which is a total steal. The space is intimate - small, a bit tight, but surprisingly not very loud. The service throughout the evening was excellent and attentive; our wine and water glasses were never empty. The pacing of the courses was perfect, and all the food was amazing. My dinner was as follows:
1st course: cucumber gazpacho with buttermilk, white grape
2nd course: fregola sarda, with coddled egg and duck confit
3rd course: cana de cabra cheese, with baby beets, pickled ramps, and pistachio
4th course: hangar steak with black garlic, red wine, and cipollini onions
5th course: "flavors of banana foster": cardamom pot de creme, salted caramel, and walnut
All the dishes were a wonderful melding of flavors. I really liked that the hangar steak was served with interesting accompaniments, but that nothing was actually poured on top of the steak, so I could combine the flavors per my own choosing. Everything was simply perfect, and beautifully presented. We lucked out with our wine pairings, a Fiano di Avelino and a Barbera d'Asti. We saw another couple with some Unibroue beers, which I imagine would work very nicely as well. 
All in all it might be one of my favorite restaurants ever, and certainly in Philadelphia. It will probably be just a special occasion place, but I do look forward to coming again.I love their food! Been coming here for New Year's dinner for the last 3 years. The menu changes every day. I recommend calling the day you want to go to ask what the menu is that day if you have any food restrictions. Tiny, tiny place. Reservation a good idea.How is it that we didn't try this place sooner.  I guess it was the fact that I heard it was pricey and was concerned it wouldn't be worth the hype.  After dining at Pumpkin I can say that it is one of the BEST restaurants that I have every been to.  The flavor combinations where amazing.  The presentation was great as was the service.  Loved the pumpkin soup with wonderful little bits at the bottom that were first shown off and then had the soup poured on top.  Husband and I both had fish dishes although there were non fish entrees available.  Will definitely be returning.  Oh, and they have a special prix fixe menu early in the week that is probably worth trying as well.  BYOB, small.While the menu is inventive and the food is fresh, I still find this place to be so-so.This cozy BYOB is cute as a button....with roughly the same square footage. With a succinct menu and delightfully nimble waitstaff that delivers every time, its a lovely date spot that wont sadden your wallet. Be warned, however, one overly jovial party can warp the experience into a nightmarish meal on a crowded subway car. For those with a taste for the aquatic, the octopus is divine!We had a wonderful experience at Pumpkin last night.  
First of all, the space is cozy, but our party of five didn't feel cramped at all.  The lobster cavatelli appetizer was delicious and we could've eaten an entire soup bowl full of the sauce that they used.  The sweet potato soup was creamy and sweet.
The main courses were enjoyed by everyone. Everyone claimed that their own entree was the best. You can tell that Pumpkin takes pride in its presentation of the meal. Everything on the plate is explained when they set it down.
We couldn't pass up the idea of goat cheese cheesecake and we're really glad we didn't. The savoriness of the goat cheese was well complemented by the sweet lemony sorbet.
A true culinary treasure in the Philadelphia landscape.Went to pumpkin with the wife to give it a second try after it first opened a few years back. The place is VERY small so you are basically sitting on top of the people next to you. With that said the food was all very good. Both fish dishes we had were creative and the fish was cooked perfectly. Will definately be back.In decline? I have been coming to Pumpkin for over a decade and have always thought it was amazing and underrated by most. Recently the service and food have been consistently good, not spectacular as in the past. The food used to not only be amazing in taste, but with beautiful presentation. The last visits have consistently had heavy handed playing and average service and flavor. Perhaps it is because the chef is often not there (even on busy weekend nights!)? I'll give it a few more tries, but it may sadly just be an average Philly restaurant now.loved it!   we went for the sunday night tasting menu and it was outstanding value for the quality and quantity of food we got.  the food was the right amount of upscale for me -- inventive but not so crazy that i couldn't tell what i was eating (a somewhat common complaint from my nyc tasting menu experiences).  and i liked that we had a choice of two dishes for four out of the five courses.  i highly recommend it! 
i would give it 5 stars except that we had to wait a half hour for our table after arriving (and this was after being called and asked to come 15 minutes after our reseravation time).I had a great meal with my Fiance here. It was very intimate and romantic. The place is so incredibly small, you get a real nice and personal interaction with the very friendly and attentive waitress. And the meals were very unique. I would recommend as a great date spot.So we went to pumpkin a while back, and it was a bit of a disaster, so a couple of years later and I felt like it was time to give them another try. After all, where else can you get a 5 course meal for $35 on a Sunday at short notice?
Between myself and my wife we tried everything on the menu, and for the most part I was impressed. The food was nicely cooked and artfully presented. The service was attentive, wine was poured, water regularly topped up, everything was looking pretty good really. Some might call the food presentation a little too much, but it's OK for 'date' food. This is not the sort of place I'd go with friends or family, especially with a normally limited menu.
The only issue that really stood out was the bread. Upon arriving we were told that the waitress would fetch us some bread. In the middle of our soup course we were told that it was just in the oven, and after our shrimp/escargot apetizers we were presented with the olive oil dip.Somewhere in our third course (vegetable) we were presented with the bread, which was stone cold. Normally I wouldn't mind, but it means that it had not been anywhere near an oven while I'd been in the restaurant, and we were lied to. It looks like a bought in baguette. How did it take so long to get it? And the point of bread is to give guests something to nibble on before the meal, not during the entree. Frankly, it was just a distraction from the food at that point.
Anyway, all in all it's not bad value ($35 per head on Sunday), but with food that is fancy (bordering on the pretentious), and no vegetarian options, it's not for everyone. I think it'll be a while before I'm tempted back form the crowd of potential BYOB alternatives.Very cute place. I like how the place is low-key. I think this place is good for date. It has the romantic feel to the place.
Went there for Sunday $35 Five Course Tasting. Autumn Vegetable soup was the best dish out of 5. It was the STAR! What a way to start the meal. I think it was butternut squash soup. The flavor of the soup was addictive. I didn't want to put the spoon down. I wanted more. The beet salad was delicious. I can totally taste the freshness. Not much to say with blow fish ceviche. It tasted like cold buffalo wing. Frisee salad was nice and fresh. Chicken dish was ok. Nothing to write home about. The salmon was good. It was nicely cooked and the pickle-ness of red cabbage helped cut down the richness of the salmon. Chocolate Cake with Coconut ice cream was yummy. The Chocolate Cake was very moist. Buttermilk Lavender Panna Cotta was good. 
The wait staff were nice. There were only 2 of them and they were extremely busy.
This place is BYOB and only takes CASH.Snaps for Pumpkin!
I've been wanting to try Pumpkin since pretty much birth, and all my expectations were met. This is definitely a choice spot for a much needed date night or special celebration. The food is exquisite, delicate, and an adventure for your taste buds. 
Reservations are a must as this restaurant is tiny! The menu is constantly changing based on the ingredients that are available at that point in the season. That being said, the food is extremely fresh and the menu is small. 
Overall, I recommend trying Pumpkin if you want to have a more "exclusive" experience and if you have a venturesome palate.We've been to Pumpkin more times than we can count. We usually go for the Sunday night tasting menu. It's reasonably priced and consistently amazing.The food was decent, with good portions, but didn't match with the high price tag in my opinion. It was a fun, tiny place, and I like the concept of a seasonal menu, but I wouldn't go back.LOVE this place! I went once while in town on business and once last year on New Year's Eve (in fact, I wish I could go back to Philadelphia this New Year's and eat at Pumpkin)! The dining room is small and cozy, which makes for a great intimate dinner.  The staff were so wonderfully accomodating when we made our New Year's plans last year. The bf and I are both mushroom-loathing vegetarians, and when we called ahead for reservations, the hostess assured us that the chef could whip up a delicious, mushroom-free adaptation of their tasting menu.  Same thing when I visited during my business trip. In fact, the kitchen came out to ask if it was all right if they added an egg or if I preferred not (I'm not a vegan, but the thoughtfulness was nice). The portions look a little on the small side, but I think we're conditioned to expect oversize food portions in most restaurants (and at home), and honestly, once we got through the several courses, we realized the portion sizes were perfect--satisfying, but not so much that you leave sickly-overstuffed. And yes, it's a little pricey, but not too much so for a special dinner--plus, I brought a $10 bottle of wine and saved a boatload of money versus if I'd spent $10+ per glass at a non-BYOB.This BYOB has been around for a long long time, and has gone through many changes over the years. Its first few were really electric, and was one of the most popular in the city. Like many places, it got  into a groove and continued to keep the great dished coming.
However, that groove became less interesting as the years wore on, and the menu didn't change or adapt to the changing marketplace of Philadelphia's food scene.
That changed last year, when the owner-chef stepped down and gave the  kitchen over to a hot stuff young chef with experience working under Thomas Keller and a few places in Spain. 
For Philly, the food pushes the envelope into what is either known as molecular gastronomy or modernist cuisine, depending on who you are. About time Philly stopped being such a conservative town when it comes to culinary creativity! There is only so much Foie Gras a man can eat.
There prixe fixe menu on Sundays is $35/person and is a 5 course dinner that is by far the best value in fine dining in the city.
Just one caveat: the dining room is small and loud.I brought my parents on graduation night.  I was not disappointed.  They had our table ready when we arrived. Both my parents got the New York Strip.  We are from Texas, and they both commented that these were "great steaks", by far much better than anything they had eaten recently.  The steaks were cooked to perfection sous-vide.  I got the best salmon steak I have ever eaten, bar none.  It came with a side of asparagus and rhubarb served with a black truffle aioli.  I highly recommend.  The service, as always, was wonderful.The Sunday pre-fixe menu was EXTRAORDINARY. Perfect for a party of two, my boyfriend and I were able to enjoy the majority of the menu, savoring every bite. The service was prompt, friendly, and insightful, without being the least bit intrusive. Adding to the romance of the evening, the charmingly quaint atmosphere embodied the sophistication and modesty that defines Pumpkin. Before, when asked if I had a favorite restaurant in Philly, I never felt sure enough to provide an answer. Now, I can proudly claim Pumpkin as my premiere preference. 
~The Meal~
Apps:
Escargot: Pan roasted in a hazelnut butter, finished with preserved lemon, I savored the delicacy and freshness of each tender bite. Completely beyond your average escargot.
Pork belly: Contrasting the comforting depth of the pork belly with the sour finish of the ver jus was a game winning play for Chef Ian.
Entrees:
Duck Confit: No knife needed-the meat fell right off the bone in all it's savory glory. And being Polish, I was taken straight back to my babcia's dishes with the deeply flavorful and authentic sauerkraut 
Trout: To be honest, I cannot remember the accompaniment of this dish, but I will not forget the finesse of it preparation. Light, delicate, and complex.
Dessert:
Goats Milk Cheesecake: I hate cheesecake, but I ADORED this dish. Sweet, savory, light and deep--everything connected to build a phenomenal finale. 
Butterscotch pudding: A sinful little portion of beautifully rich butterscotch and ginger.Good (not great)  food and cozy atmosphere. I took my boyfriend to Pumpkin for his birthday and I asked the server to bring out  their chocolate cake after we finished our entrees when I made my reservation over the phone. He remembered to do so and also checked with me if our experience was perfect. The service here gets two thumbs up from me.Incredible food, nice portions and beautiful service!!! This 26 seat intimate BYOB is worth the wait and the price. The menu is small, but everything goes well together. We had the crudo and muscles as an appetizer. The crudo was perfectly balance and the fresh fish was the star of the flavors. The muscles were beautifully cooked, but we needed more toast to soak up all of the beautiful juice and to eat the chickpeas. We ordered the beef short rib and the NY strip (an off menu special). Both were beyond fabulous!!! The service was friendly and attentive. I can not wait for the next visit!! 
Note: cash only and BYOB. Reservations required.Really enjoyed this small, 20 seat BYOB place. We had their Sunday night wine dinner for $40 which included five courses of tasty food...highlights of our meal included a warm, silky cauliflower soup; amazing ravioli stuffed with ricotta & parsnips; a steak with roasted parsnips, purple carrots, and turnips; and lastly -- the best dish of the meal -- pot de creme with praline and caramel. OMG! This meal was an incredible bargain for the five courses. 
Couple of things to note -- reservations are highly recommended and they are cash only.A nice,cozy byob in philadelphia.  Service was friendly and attentive.  Everything was fresh and tasted great.   The place has a small menu but don't let that turn you away.
My friend had duck while I had pan seared chicken.  The meal in general was definitely French inspired and was the perfect portion.
A thing to note is that get your wine way ahead of time as there is no wine store nearby.  Also, I wouldn't recommend taking someone here for an intimate setting as it can get noisy if there is a large group inside.  Great place for having a meal with friends.I'm sure the food is good. It would have been wonderful to try it. I read nothing but rave reviews in the week leading up to it. Hell, I even made reservations. Bad idea! We showed up for our 7:30 reservation and were promptly told to go to a bar down the street, and they'd give us a call when they had space.
Sure it's a small place, but why would you even agree to let someone make a reservation if you know you can't honor it? Or can't be bothered to honor it?Great dinner but pass on dessert. The menu really pushes the envelope in terms of creativity and the portions are on the small side but satisfying. The sides are farm to table meaning they're fresh and local and were wonderful. It's a BYOB and they're so accommodating they gave us a decanter for the wine. It's a really small place so I'd avoid a big group, but 2 or 3 is perfect. Basically only negative was dessert. Wasn't very sweet and after such a rich meal we expected an indulgent ending but it was small and too contrived. Save your money (Since dinner will run you $100+ easily) and get dessert somewhere else. But don't miss this restaurant as its a gem of Philly.Last week I went to hang out in the city with my friend Mike.  We were hungry, so we decided to eat something then yelp it.  So we picked Pumpkin, based on us trying to go with some other people last year and it being booked up for the night.  It bugged me that I couldn't get in, so I figured I had to go back and try it.
I wasn't disappointed, Pumpkin provided a pretty good dining experience.  Its a charming little 26 seater BYOB that would be a nice place to bring a date.  Unfortunately I was stuck with Mike, so I had to make do.  The food is what we were really there for.  I had the Grilled Octopus for an appetizer, and the Chicken for the main course.  The Octopus was phenomenal, and came with some really tasty Red Peppers in a nice sauce.  The Chicken was very good, and came with a full spread of nice Veggies and Potatoes, including Artichoke Hearts, which are always nice to see.  The Chicken was cooked just right, juicy and succulent.  I also have to mention the bread, which was served hot and fresh with a dipping oil with fresh garlic cloves floating in it, which was a really cool touch I thought. 
We also talked to the waitress, who was busy (she was the only waitress for the whole place), but friendly.  We asked if there was indeed any Pumpkin on the menu, and there was not tonight.  She did say that they try to do as many seasonal dishes as possible though, and some Pumpkin items would probably return to Pumpkin in the fall.  So I will have to come back then and check it out, along with some dessert, which I just couldn't fit this time around.  Or maybe I'll just check out the market for some take out stuff...Food: 4 stars
Service: 5 stars
Ambiance: 4 stars
Location: 3.5 stars
Price: 4 stars
Recommendations:  I highly recommend going with a surf and turf combination with your dining partner.  The Filet and Scallops were delicious and very well prepared.  The staff was so courteous and generous, giving us a complimentary appetizers (Green Gazpacho- which was delicious and refreshing) and dessert (Fruit Sorbet).  The Calamari appetizer was just OK, prepared by being steamed or grilled.  I wouldn't recommend it if you like your calamari fried.  
Overall, the restaurant is quaint and personal.  It has everything a fine dining restaurant has without the pretentiousness.  We had a great experience at Pumpkin and will go back again soon.
Bonus: BYOB
Negative: CASH ONLY
Overall: 4.5 starsWe had the perfect meal here on a Sunday evening.  
This small BYOB is a place my friends and I had been wanting to try for ages but never seemed to get there.  As another birthday dinner popped up on our calendars, we made our decision based on geographic location since birthday boy lives kind of close to Pumpkin.  We went for the prefix Sunday 5 course meal for $36. and We booked a 6pm table of 6 since it was a work-night.  Timing was perfect.  The restaurant was relatively quiet as we arrived and we had such an attentive welcome and service.  
Rather than describe specifics, I get the pleasure of saying that everything we had was perfect, beautifully presented and prepared.  Servers kept our glasses full and introduced each of the complex components of every dish with the authority of a museum guide and built up anticipation one experiences from a magician.
Months later, a simple mention of this meal in conversation, we are all easily salivating at the idea of a return.  
Please, do not make me regret sharing this info with you.  If you read this, I'd appreciate you not attempt to reserve tables on nights I intend to go there.  Thanks.I LOVE this restaurant. We've been here a few times and every meal was perfect. Sometimes they do not sound good, but you can pick anything on the menu and be happy with a delicious dish!This place is great, but please increase the portion size.  We would have ordered the same amount of food (3 appetizers, 2 entrees, and 1 dessert between 2 people) regardless, but have left full, if the portions were bigger.  
Cash only and hand written receipts.... hmmmm.  Pumpkin can afford bigger portions.  If I didn't leave hungry, Pumpkin would have gotten 5 stars.  
That said, food was delicious.  Pork cooked 3 ways and sweet potato soup were the best.  
Small BYOB environment is very quaint.  Service was great too.Loved everything. Byob at its finest. Scallops were wonderful, beet salad was perfect. 
I love how they make great use of such a small space.
I will be coming backAs fresh and delightful as it gets.  Waitstaff are courteous and kind, the food is carefully prepared and the atmosphere is elegantly rustic.  Highly recommended!  Perhaps my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia.Pumpkin embodies the organic movement for me.  You feel good that you're being healthier and more earth-conscious, but it's hard to stomach buying a smaller head of lettuce for double the price of the behemoth down the aisle.  At this point in my economic life, I have seldom been moved by organic.   
However, I did come to Pumpkin for their $35 restaurant week deal and had a really nice meal.  Their berkshire pork terrine was beautiful, with colorful chunks of pistachio and cherries throughout.  Their skate wing was crispy and tender and the young root veges were cooked to al dente perfection.  As dessert, their chocolate cake was perfect - warm, light, but still a bit gooey, accompanied by a nice scoop of coconut ice cream.  Each of the courses was also accompanied by a couple finely made sauces and garnishes that were just as tasty as pretty.  
Everything was cooked very well, and I have few complaints.  But I think I met Pumpkin at the wrong time in my life.  One day when I'm older (and richer) we may yet become soul mates.  But for now, I'm looking for less demure and more portly companions.One of the top ten Philly BYOB restaurants, Actually, in 2013, the food got even better! The chef is very creative and the ambiance is great. We went there in Aug of 2013, and we were very impressed as usual. The garage across the street is very convenient.I went to Pumpkin this week with friends after month of having it on my 'list'.  There was 5 of us who haven't seen each other in a while so in Pumpkin's defense maybe we should have picked a bigger place.  The restaurant is adorable and the greeter was nice but I have very choice words for our waitress.  She was very animated which at first seemed nice but we soon realized how fake it was.  When we asked us for a minute to look at the menu she gave us a stern face and pointed at her watched with a few other rude comments and looks.   Her saving grace was that she did listen in to see we were celebrating a birthday and graduation so she brought candle but it wasn't worth being so rude. 
The food was great, small portions which I expected but definitely a great meal.  After I left I spoke with other friends that want to try Pumpkin and I told them they should we just had a bad waitress.  Maybe Pumpkin is a restaurant that it's the 'experience' to have a rude waitress but I really don't think that is the case.  I wish I knew her name so I could warn all of you but unfortunately I did not.  Enjoy the meal but don't expect the top service.  
Philly is so lucky to have so many great BYOBs... so I highly doubt I would go out of my way to have rude service again.  
The pumpkin seeds they bring with the check are so good!!!I ate here yesterday and liked it. Tried this Hawaiian fish that was extremely interesting to look at and to eat. Maybe on the pricier side but the food is worth it.We totally enjoyed our dinner the other night.  We took my nephew who lives in Manhattan so I wanted to impress him.  I was concerned about where to take him since he is a vegetarian and I'm just the opposite, a meat and potatoes girl.  
They made up a special entree for him out of a veggie appetizer for him and they gave me a great trade of potatoes instead of onions for me.  We all loved our meals and the presentation was the best I've seen in a long time.  
We also shared a dessert which included mint ice cream.  I was expecting it to taste something like the mint ice cream in a chocolate chip mint from the store but we were all surprised to get ice cream that tasted like mint out of the backyard mint.  
All in al we had a great dinner a was able to show off a great Philly restaurant to my nephew from NYC.Perhaps the 4 stars is because I built up too much anticipation for this meal.  To celebrate we dined at pumpkin this March.  The menu items we ordered are no longer offered, so I won't go into detail.  (Plus, my pictures speak for themselves.)  Rather I will review general highlights.
The tasting menu is a good bet. Appetizer, entree, dessert.  Bread with oil. Standard fare.
 The scallops taste fresh and creamy on the tongue.  The broths are not too buttery or oily.  I absolutely loved my seafood stew dish, however would've liked more seafood.  There was like one mussel.
The service was lovely.  Our waiter was personable and quick to refill water.
What knocks a star is the tight squeeze. The ambiance is dark, intimate, and soft, so you cannot help but hear everything your neighbor tables say.  It's also a bit awkward squeezing in and out of your space.
Luckily we had commonalities with our neighbors and made friends.  The same will likely happen to you.  Going to Pumpkin is like being on vacation, everyone is in a good mood and happy to make your acquaintance for the benefit of all.Nice romantic atmosphere.  Food is tasty and beautifully presented but portions are very small.  BYOB is nice.  Cash only.  Waitress was pleasant but broke a full glass of wine on our table and did not apologize.  We were also not offered any compensation for the spilled wine.The food was absolutely delicious and the presentation was spot on. In addition, the decor was visually pleasing and the serving staff was responsive, pleasant, and knowledgeable. However, the portions were definitely on the small side. My $15 scallop appetizer had two scallops and the cheesecake wasn't much bigger than a Polly-o string cheese.  I'm definitely an eater, but not one to usually clean the plate at a restaurant or to think that quantity is more important than quality. However, I left not exactly feeling full. 
That being said, it was what I expected and the quality of the food is superb. My biggest complaint is that the place was absolutely freezing. The little space heater they were using showed a reading of 57 degrees. The server tried to warm the place up, but it didn't really help. If I'm paying almost $200 for a meal I want to at least eat it without my coat on. It was so cold that we left in under an hour and headed to cook and shaker in fishtown for heat, the Eagles, and more food.I went here with a friend during restaurant week and while I am still excited to try their full menu that I have heard many good things about, I was underwhelmed by their restaurant week menu. For appetizers, we got the cauliflower soup and lamb ragout - the lamb was tasty but was a small portion and wouldn't be my first choice for an appetizer again. The cauliflower soup was delicious and creamy and my friend devoured it. Second course we both got the Berkshire pork loins. I thought it tasted fine, but definitely expected something more unique and flavorful while my friend simply said it tasted like a hotdog. On second thought, I guess I really couldn't disagree with that either. The desserts we ordered - almond financier and pot de creme - were both delicious and were in my opinion the best course of the meal. 
Overall, eh for restaurant week. The wait staff was attentive and it's a BYO which is always great and made the night enjoyable, but am aiming to go back and try the full menu at some point.Had a great meal here.   Only bad reviews called gazpacho "cold soup".... Anyhow the gazpacho was amazing served over sorbet.  Entrees where perfect portioned and done perfectly.  
Wife had one of the "best steaks ever"
 I don't think you would eat here every night but when you do you will have a great meal.This restaurant is a favorite of my man's brother. So much so, we have celebrated his birthday there for the last two years. And each time, we leave hungry and little bit annoyed.
Why?
Well, we're looking at things differently than your average meat eating customer. We're looking at it from the perspective of vegetarians. And nothing makes a vegetarian angrier than a $38.00 bowl of pasta. With nothing but pasta and sauce. Maybe some butter too. 
That would make Mother Theresa pretty pissed off .
The other dishes aorund the table look nice and I admit I tasted Larry's chicken dish ( average and over $30 with nothing included except some green beans)  and somebody else's fish dish ( sea bass- average- over $30 with a spoonful of mashed potatoes).
Now maybe I sound unsophisicated- one should not attend a fine dining establishment and expect reasonable for the masses pricing.
Agreed.
But I'm not convinced that this place is fine dining. The room is tiny. The staff is average. They make it obvious they need to turn the table. The food is nothing special you can't find at any other place. The bathroom feels like some sort of space age pod one might find on a spaceship and it's kind of right there in the dining room. 
Bottom line: if the service is fantastic and the food is fantastic, one will pay the prices and not complain. That is not the case here. Skip it and save some cash.Great ambiance! Small BYOB restaurant. Delicious food! Local ingredients which means menu changes often. Only two servers so service is slow. A great place for a date or a group of 4. Servers are helpful in explaining the dishes.Pumpkin is right around the corner from us, so I decided to make a reservation for my husband's birthday. Overall we had a good experience, but with the ratings I thought we would be blown away.  I had the scallops and pappardelle, and my husband had the pork chop.  We both thought our dishes were pretty good, but not excellent. Also, although it has great ambiance and is quaint inside, it's close quarters and you can listen every conversation around you. We will give it another shot at some point, but we weren't converts on our first visit. I will say though, the service is nice and they clearly take pride in what they do, so if you're looking for a neighborhood place that is friendly, this is a good choice.I came into Pumpkin with very high expectations and they were eagerly met.  I understand that it must be very difficult for a restaurant to continue to come up with new and exciting preparations, be seasonal and stay in the primary focus of the food scene.  I think Pumpkin's staff knows how to flawlessly execute a meal and provide an incredible experience.
The three of us began with the Sweet Potato Veloute.  This soup was served tableside, poured into a bowl filled with smoked miso, ginger snap and cider foam.  It only took us mere seconds to smell the delicious fall/winter flavors erupting from the bowls.  We all mixed the ingredients thoroughly and indulged in warming soup bliss.
I chose the risotto for my second dish.  The creme fraiche and caramelized were perfect accompaniments to this savory and satisfying dish.  I got a taste of the pork belly and it was so perfectly cooked that it didn't even require the other things on the plate with it.
Course 3 was a Garrotxa cheese plate (which I had never heard of before this meal).  It was sliced thinly and served with pistachio, kumquat and vanilla.  The kumquat and cheese together were just a thing of beauty, both to look at and taste.
For the main course, I chose the duck confit (how could I not) with lentils, purple mustard and foie gras.  Yes, I smeared foie gras on confit duck and ate it.  I'm sure that there is a new spot in hell for me after that move.  During this course, the conversation came to a screeching halt.  We all had such sensory overload from the amazing flavors that we were unable to really form sentences.
Dessert, which also blew my mind was a caramelized white chocolate goat cheese cheesecake.  If that alone isn't enough to sell you, perhaps the ginger and asian pear are.  At this point in the meal, we all laughed at how ridiculously awesome it tasted.  I'm not normally a dessert guy but this was truly something to behold.
That concludes my experience for the Sunday night tasting menu.  I can't wait to come back again to this wonderful, intimate and highly delicious restaurant.Awesome. Just plain fabulous. Reservations def required of this tiny locale. A friend brought us here for dinner and while the steak was cooked delectably and massive, the envy were the pork chops w/ fava beans. I can't even begin to describe how tasty they were! Definitely worth checking out. BYOB and cash only.  Beware of bad acoustics.My fiance and I went for restaurant week a while back and it was a romantic and delicious date!
It is a BYO, so make sure to bring your favorite wine :) We brought Cupcake!
The restaurant space is very small, which the reason I did not give it 5 stars. We were seated about 6 inches from another couple, which was kind of awkward. I can't imagine going there with a party larger than 2.
All of the food was amazing! We had cold tomato soup, filet, and coconut chocolate cake. I was in heaven! I'll be honest, my fiancee said he was still hungry after the meal- it is definitely fine dining. I would recommend not coming starving because the portions are definitely on the smaller size.
Overall, it was a perfect night out and the atmosphere is incredibly romantic! I recommend making a reservation!
Thanks for a great date, Pumpkin!Great food and excellent service, but very disappointing and inconvenient that they only take cash.and.no credit cards. To management please pay the darn fees and make life easier for your patrons.These guys are master artists with food. Don't come here if you are expecting A) cheap B) simple. A great place for a date who is half-foodie, half-adventurer.
Your best bet here is the fish, as I think that is what the chef does best.
One Tip: if you're worried about what the entree is going to taste like, just order it and have faith in the chef.I would give Pumpkin five stars for its appetizers and entrees, but the restaurant lacked a couple key elements that brought it down to three stars.
The bread came with roasted garlic olive oil, which was a nice twist.  We started off with the barenegat light scallops with chorizo and squid ink ragout, as well as the cured king salmon with sweet potato, corn, and habanero.  The scallops were tenderly cooked and paired with what tasted and looked like jello!  That was a total surprise.  The cured king salmon was delicious - in a mouthful there were the salmon, popcorn, and sweet potato in a sorbet format.  I was expecting the sweet potato to be warm and mushy, but the second the bite hit my taste buds, the cold and sweetness of the sorbet lit me up and I didn't want to share the other half. 
For the entree portion, we both had the arctic char - a freshwater fish found way north - with a lobster vinaigrette.  The fish was cooked perfectly, and being true to the fish's name, the chef left a nice char on it.  There is quite a bit oil on this plate, and perhaps could be made a bit less greasy / heavy.
For dessert, we had the lemon chiffon cake and warm chocolate cake.  Both were blah.  The savory dishes were definitely on a different playing field as the desserts.
Onto non-food elements...Pumpkin is a small little joint, with the seating area no bigger than my Philly apartment.  I was told that the restaurant had reconfigured the seating arrangements, taking out a couple tables to give more space in between each table.  Despite the good intentions, the spacing is still a little tight.  As a result, our waiter alternated between bumping into my head and my shoulders (insert shampoo advertisement) several times throughout the night.  Since the restaurant is so small, that means there's a lot of loud conversations packed into a very confined space.  So, be prepared to scream all night.
The waiter himself wasn't that stellar either.  He lacked grace - aside from bumping into me, he just didn't know how to gracefully interrupt a conversation.  Instead, he just started talking and expected us to shift our attention to him. Further, when he brought out our two desserts (and without any indication from us that we cared), he started talking to us like we were children, explaining that he couldn't put both dishes in the center because the plates combined were wider than the width of the table. Yeah, thanks for the geometry lesson. 
Pumpkin is also a cash-only joint.  For a restaurant where the cost per head can be ~$70, it's a little absurd they can't eat the credit card fees or pass it on to the consumers.  It was even worse when the waiter came back to tell us he had to go across the street to break a twenty.  I'd expect that from a place that took credit cards, but for a cash only place??  
Lastly, the receipt is handwritten.  For most folks this is unimportant.  But, for someone who's on a business dinner and needs to file it as an expense, a handwritten receipt is not going to fly with the expense team.  Since it's cash-only, there's also no credit card statement as supporting evidence. Urgh, Pumpkin!Restaurant week menu was outstanding. Skate was delicious and the dessert and appetizers equally good. Nice choices.Went for a Friday dinner.  The host was friendly and we got seated promptly.  The food was good - from the reviews and the prices (NY prices for a Philly BYOB?  I better be blown away!), I expected more.  The black bass was tasty but the star was the Pot de Creme for dessert.  
Service though was another story.  We waited at least 30 minutes in between courses from when our plates were cleared.  No apologies.  When I asked my waitress if our entrees would be coming soon, she couldn't have cared less.  There are so many other delicious restaurants with better service and prices that I will not be coming back to this one.We did the 5 course prix fixe. And it was awesome!! One of the best meal I ever had in Philly! Every thing was cooked to perfection! This place is a hidden gem! I would eat there every weekend if possible!Went here before an orchestra concert on a Friday night. Lovely ambiance with a very artsy vibe, wonderful and prompt service, and, of course, terrific food. My personal highlight would be the apple/pumpkin/miso soup, but I also had a delicious steak and the pumpkin cake for dessert. A bit more expensive than some other places, but you do absolutely get what you pay for. Top-notch.Really intimate  setting, food was absolutely delicious.
Little cheeky with the already added gratuity, but was great service too so it's all good.We came to Pumpkin to celebrate our anniversary (28th!) and we were drawn by the locavore/organic/BYO menu and the great reviews, both on Yelp and in Philly mag. Unfortunately, the experience did not live up to the expectation; although the atmosphere was suitably and casually romantic, we were less than impressed by the food. The appetizers were quite good -- my wife had the mixed greens with avocado and I had the fava bean and chorizo cassoulet -- but the entrees did not live up to the expectations set by the starters.  The scallops were small and numbered only three, and though delicious, the portion was appropriate for an appetizer and not an entree, and accompanied by a sadly soggy piece of overly fatty pork belly (horrors!!).  The beef cheek was delicious, but also inappropriately fatty, rather than the dense and fine grained meat I was hoping for.  Dessert of a flourless chocolate cake with coconut ice cream was again, very tasty but maddeningly small, with hardly 3 small bites for each of us.
In all, a tasty disappointment primarily because of small portion sizes and some troubling missteps. You may want to check out my review of another locavore/organic restaurant we were at just the night before for comparison.Great food, intimate ambience, and it's BYOB. I came here with a group of six during restaurant week and really enjoyed my time. The food was tasty (especially their cream cauliflower soup) and the service was on point - friendly and provided great recommendations. I highly recommend checking it out, but make sure to book a table in advance!We went for the Sunday night five course tasting and the portions are tiny! The food is pretty good but it was disappointing to spend that time and money and leave really hungry. 
The space is a bit cramped as well as my chair kept bumping into the person behind me.This was my second time here, and it was restaurant week. Usually on the pricier side but definitely worth it. Cost is also offset by the fact it is BYO. Have to make a reservation, don't think it is possible to walk in. Food is very fresh. They pair flavors together that I would not be bold enough to try on my own and the result is always fantastic. I ordered mussels and a flank steak. The mussels were in a sauce that was out of this world! My steak was cooked very well too. Can't wait to go back.We came here for the Sunday night pre fix menu. We looked at the menu ahead of time to ensure there was something everyone could eat for each course. The ambiance is absolutely stunning. Very  small place, probably smaller than most people's dining room. Very intimate, quiet, with low playing music. 
The hostess was very nice & offered to put our wine in the fridge to cool. Our waitress was very pleasant and took her time in a good way, always available. 
The annoying part was that they changed their pre fix menu from what was listed the night before for Sunday. I find this to be a huge problem. Luckily we all found things we wanted to order (there's either no choice or one other choice for each course) however it could've easily been an issue that made us leave the restaurant. I found myself choosing 2 courses just because the alternate I had no interest in. Then the waitress told us that they had sold out of two of the items and had switched the alternate for that specific course to something they put together in their kitchen with ingredients they had enough of. This is absolutely NOT what I expect of an upscale notable restaurant in Rittenhouse. Our reservation was 7:45pm, not 10pm. Shouldn't they be more prepared? The waitress said typically everything gets chosen 50/50 from the menu but these two items were so popular that they sold out early. So now our choices are the option that no one wanted before us, or the egg dish they whipped together from what they had in their kitchen. 
I'm still giving it 4 stars because most of the food was delicious. The amount of food was plenty, really. The ambiance is beautiful and intimate without having to shout but also without having to watch your own volume. The staff was very friendly. We will return, just definitely never for the prefix menu.My huband and I went to Pumpkin for a nice date night, and had a wonderful time! The ambience is cozy, and inviting. It's, ofcourse, a small space, but that is expected since it's a BYOB. The service was awesome, and always with a smile! The food is the perfect mix between being inventive while still being "comfort food".  We both loved everything we ordered, and definately plan on going back at some point in the near future!Went for my daughter's birthday last Sunday. It was restaurant week, and our group was able to sample all of the offerings. Everything was delicious and beautifully presented. Highlights for me were the cauliflower soup, rainbow trout with a salted crust (perfectly cooked--crunchy on outside, moist inside) and almond cake with blueberry preserves.
Very welcoming staff, cosy atmosphere, attentive service. Great for a small gathering or intimate date.Went Friday night for Restaurant Week with 3 others...typical number (3-5) choices available for apps, dinner, and dessert. I had not been there in a little while and forgot just how small the place was. We had to wait about 20 mins or so past the reservation for a big enough space to open up but no biggie. My pork terrine app w/ a fried egg was good, maybe a tad salty. The others had a duck/rabbit (can't remember) ragu over pasta & said it was good. For dinner 3 had the steak and 1 the trout...fish was done nicely and steak was fine as well. Desserts were all good...can't remember what all had. Service a little spotty here and there as far as opening our wine bottles, but all in all a good experience.Service wise, Pumpkin was about as good as it gets. I was thoroughly impressed with the way we were treated throughout the night. 
If I was rating just the food, it'd probably be no more than four stars. I liked the small menu. Quality over quantity and I'm told it changes with the seasons, which is nice. We got the crispy pig head torchon, monkfish and steak.The torchon was awesome. Perfectly cooked and definitely unique. The monkfish and steak were very good but not quite great. 
BYOB also makes this place even better. 
Points for: torchon
No negativesWent with my friends for the five course tasting menu and was very impressed.  Thought it was going to be one of those places where the food is good but expensive and the portions are small. Instead found the food to be not only excellent but portions perfect.  First time we actually we're stuffed by such excellently executed and picture perfect food.  I've always wanted to try this place but sometimes the menu seemed too intimidating.
 With the Sunday  tasting menu you get a choice during the appetizer and entree and dessert.  The soup and salad are the constant for everyone.   For starters, I had the cauliflower soup which came in two deconstructed parts and assembled at table.  A large bowl with crisp cauliflower, foam, seasoning of some sort and then the waitress poured the cream base into our bowls.  It was a creamy, flavourful rich delight.  This was served with hot french bread pieces and a side of garlic and olive oil.  The beet salad was nice and refreshing palate cleanser after the creamy soup but I'm not a big fan of frisee so much.  Next I chose the Berkshire pork terrine with pickled mustard seed and drops of sour cherry sauce.  Some of my friends got the butternut risotto which they loved but said they sort of wished they had picked the terrine as the portion on the risotto was enough for a full meal.  I found the terrine to be a great combination of flavors, great textures and very inventive. I was expecting more of a traditional country pate but this was far better.  For the entree I had the stout braised beef cheeks.  Holy cow, literally.  When it came out it was like a  black flower glistening on the plate.  Whatever stout they used for the sauce was awesome - the meat was lovely and moist. I was pretty full by this point but couldn't stop eating it and shared what I couldn't finish with my friends as well.  When dessert came I was so happy I chose the pancotta with the tart black currants and ginger snap dusting.  It was light and refreshing end to the meal.  My friends had the chocolate cake which any unfinished plates got quickly scooped up by the chocoholics at the table.  The service was very efficient - taking our coats, opening wine, filling glasses, replacing silverware at each course.  There was a nice gap in between courses so we didn't feel rushed or overwhelmed.   In such a small place it was nice that we weren't being hovered over.  I can only remember one server's personality which was a little quirky as the younger one seemed to be waiting on a lot more tables.  They seemed pleasant and I'd rather remember my food and conversation than a waiter's personality.   Overall it was one of the best meals I've had in about two years dining out.   The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star is the place is quite small and seating crowded.  The acoustics in the place are odd and make it seem sort of loud as well.  Hope they get to move to a bigger place or expand some how.  Through the curtain, it looked like the kitchen might be bigger than the dining area.  Can't wait to bring my family there when they come to visit and will definitely be back for more!Don't walk, RUN to this amazing byob. Total foodie spot. Great service to boot. Just remember to bring your wine, the closest store is a bit of a hike.Probably more of a 4.5, but the service was so nice that I'll round it up! Plus, it's a 1000-point OpenTable restaurant, so essentially it's like $10 off your meal.
The food was great, but a little over-seasoned. I ordered the sea bass, and my s/o had the pork chop (which was huge). Whereas some restaurants try to bring out the flavor of the meat, Pumpkin prefers to add a lot of spices and sauces to the plate (and I like blander food)... but that being said, it was still very tasty. My sea bass in particular looked amazing and tasted just as tender. Unfortunately, I deleted my photos before I uploaded them here (looks like I'll be paying Pumpkin another visit!).
Though the inside of the restaurant is simple, I think it looks better that way since it's such a small place. All the colors and decorations go well together, and I even took a picture since it looked so cute (unfortunately, also deleted). Location is great; I love South Street! The only problem is that it's pretty small, so I would recommend making reservations or coming early! It may also be hard to bring large groups here for a BYO.
The service was excellent and attentive, but that was probably because we were one of three tables in the restaurant (we ate early). Everyone was nice, patient, and made sure we had what we needed. At the end of the meal, they also give each person a packet of pumpkin seeds--very cute touch!Delicious delicious delicious. A pumpkin lover's dream - pumpkin gnocchi and pumpkin cake for dessert! I went with my husband and it was super cute and romantic. The service was nice without being too overbearing. I would definitely go back.Definitely one of my favorite tiny BYOBs in the city. They have a seasonal menu typically with a couple fish options, a beef option, and then pork or chicken.  
The portions are definitely on the smaller side - an appetizer cannot be shared - but the qualify of the food is amazing. Every meal I have had is delicious.
Friendly knowledgeable service in a cute atmosphere.  It is a super tiny space, but I haven't ever felt on top of other tables or had a noise level issue.  Just remember CASH ONLY!Really nice, albeit tiny, space. The waitstaff is uber-friendly and extremely attentive which is great. The menu is a bit limited - however, don't let that deter you from eating there; the menu changes every night. I went there on a Saturday night and had the Strip Steak and roasted cauliflower... AMAZING! It was flavorful and cooked to perfection - trite, I know, but true!!! All of their food is organic and free range and you can clearly taste that in the quality of their food. This is also a BYO joint so why not stop by your favorite liquor store and pick up a nice bottle of wine to go with your meal? This place gets 5 stars!!!  FANTASTIC!!I had the escargot app and duck entree. The escargot were very well seasoned and the duck was succulent and flavored with a hint of coffee.  A bit different but delicious all the same. The Pinot noir that we brought added a nice touch. Their wine pairing recs were right on target. The nutella pot du creme was just heavenly. Chocolate, coconut, and hazelnut creme all in one dish!  I will come back just for that alone. Service was okay but they did refill our bread basket, which was much appreciated because I love warm, fresh bread with olive oil.What a great BYOB. While there isn't a large set of options (maybe like 8 types of appetizers, 5 entrees, 4 desserts) the menu is seasonal and the dishes were very thoughtful. There were several things we wanted to try - but didn't like the chilled english pea soup and gnocchi. The rillete was delicious and had the consistency and flavor of pulled pork (but a pan-fried seared patty). The lancaster chicken with oyster mushrooms was amazing - moist and flavorful with crispy skin. Great execution. I thought the dishes were timed well and relatively speaking, time between some dishes were long. OK by us given how heavy the dishes were. Prices for appetizers were around $12 and entrees were $24. Not bad but not cheap by any means. Want to try their Pumpkin cafe now!Excellent BYOB. We had flatiron steak and arctic char. The char was probably the best I ever had-the waiter said he'd tell the chef, I was the second person that evening to say so. Even better, believe it or not, were the bits of beets that came with it. Oh, my. Again, the best ever. Beefy, earthy, pickled just so. The steak, too, was excellent. Tender, juicy, cooked perfectly with the slightest of searing, and served with a sauce that brought out the flavor wonderfully. Complementing, never overpowering, the meat. Service was friendly and efficient. And there was no corkage fee. All in a very charming little room of ten tables. Loved it.We went with a group of six, and ordered an assortment of appetizers, main dishes and desserts -- everything was quite good, but a few things really stood out. 
First, the grilled rock octopus was fantastic, as was the eggplant puree it was plated with. Not everyone in our party had been enthusiastic about ordering up tentacles, but after tasting it was the clear favorite of the appetizers. 
Then, for the main dishes, my Pork Two Ways was very tasty, but the hanger steak with blue cheese butter was really above and beyond what we were expecting -- and we had heard good things! Wonderful presentation, cooked perfectly, no complaints at all. 
And then dessert -- the vanilla bean panna cotta with cassis sorbet was my personal favorite, and most of the table agreed. I feel like cassis get forgotten sometimes, which is too bad, because it is interesting and tangy and goes amazingly with a rich, creamy dessert like panna cotta. 
It's a small place, BYOB, and cash only, so planning ahead makes it much more enjoyable - we showed up with reservations, plenty of wine, and cash in hand, and it was fine. All in all, we had a wonderful time at Pumpkin, and will definitely be back in the future.