The comedians were pretty good, and they've got some comics lined up who I'd like to head back and see (some pretty big names). If you do go there, in addition to the two-drink minimum mentioned by other reviewers, do be aware that they do not allow moving chairs to different table, and some tables have only four seats (the largest have about 10). I have never been to a place that is as strict about such a policy as they are here. When I asked about the rationale for it, I was told it was to comply with the fire code. I did look at Philadelphia's fire code (http://library.amlegal.com/nxt/gateway.dll/Pennsylvania/philadelphia_pa/title4thephiladelphiabuildingconstructio/subcodefthephiladelphiafirecode?f=templates$fn=default.htm$3.0$vid=amlegal:philadelphia_pa), and it says in the section on seating plans (408.2.1) that deviations from approved plans can occur as long as maximum occupancy is not exceeded and aisles are not obstructed, which moving chairs does not necessarily do. Just something to note if you're looking for something to do with a large group. Also, my friend ordered a piece of chocolate cake, and never got it. The next time the server came to our table after she ordered it, he was bringing the checks, and the cake was on hers despite her never receiving it, at which point she had to tell him that she never got it.Always have very good headliners. The place is immaculate and very nice ambiance. However, there are several problems. Getting in is a hassle. You're packed in like sardines waiting to get into the venue. I had a major issue with the service. They are very explicit about 2 drink/item minimum. They were on the ball the first round, however, disappeared the rest of the night. They took our second order and disappeared. Which is fine (I guess) but they charged the second round of drinks to my card (the one swiped in the beginning of the night) without giving it to us. This place is a scam. My wife and I have our MDs, we're not uneducated folk you can pull one over on!I got a free ticket to come here as part of a Yelp Elite event and was still disappointed in my experience. I purchased a discount ticket for a friend to join me. I would never, ever pay full price to come here. 3 of the 5 comedy acts were funny, the other two were decidedly not and the host was not that great either. The good thing about this place is that food comes extremely fast. They must have everything pre-made because within seconds of ordering the food arrived at the table on three different occasions for my group of 6. The service was great in the beginning, then our server disappeared for a while when I needed another drink and re-appeared when it was time to pay the bill. Although I received an email stating that Yelpers would receive 20% off of their entire bill, the server told me it only counted for my portion of the bill, not my friend's (even though I was paying the whole thing) then came back and said it was only for food and not for drinks which means only one item would be discounted. Considering that I didn't like the food or drink I ordered (the lemon pepper wings were tiny, hard, and overcooked but had a good flavor) and came only because of this Yelp event, I was very unhappy. I spoke to a manager and they finally agreed to honor the policy that had been sent out in writing. I really like the area that this place is in, but will not be visiting againI am writing this review live from the venue. Ive been been sitting for ~50 minutes and still haven't received the drink or food order. Worst service in city for real. If you decide to venture here, eat/drink first!AMELIA was very personable, and very accommodating. Perfect waitress for our first here. Love the ambience! We will be back!I am really excited to have a comedy venue in the neighborhood, but this place should make some changes stat.
The good:
The show we saw was great.  The space is good, we could see and hear the act well.
The bad:
They need to hire wayyyy more people if they're going to require you to have table service.  There is a 2 drink minimum, and I barely ordered my 2 drinks during an over 2-hour show.  I would have had more drinks if you had served me faster!  The worst was, they sat us (a couple) at a 6-person table with 2 other couples, and it was a pretty long time before the show started.  That time was SUUUUPER awkward without a drink in hand... everyone was just sitting there silently looking at their phones!
On the same note, why so many 6-person tables and so few 2-person ones?
Also, as others have said, the drinks are ridiculously priced.  Raise the ticket prices by a few bucks and make the drinks reasonable!  The acts they're putting on are good enough to attract audiences even at a few more dollars a ticket, and paying that much for drinks just feels like a ripoff.
Also, the food.  I came in hungry, but I had a chance to see some of the food go by and was not impressed.  I wound up just waiting to eat until after the show -- there's too much great food in this neighborhood for me to overpay for something mediocre except in an emergency.  I don't need anything fancy -- just good bar food!
The vibe is also pretty weird.  They had slides that were ads for themselves playing while you waited for the show to come on!  And otherwise it just feels corporate-y.  But oh well.  If they fix the other stuff, I'll go back.We came back here to try the place again. My wife son free tix at South street festival. Main highlight was Ricky Velez. The host for the night was a Indian guy and had some interesting punch lines. The line up was great and we really laughed our hearts out.
We ordered the beer basket. There is Yelp discount. Food was fine. 
The bar outside had some interesting cocktails. The place gets completely empty when the show is over.
Nice experience. Will come back here again.We came here to see Joe Pharaoh and had an absolute blast. The food was just ok but that's not why you come here so who cares! Great setup so as many people as possible can enjoy the show. And you can drink!
Service was slow but it's dark and the staff really is working hard-- there are so many table and they can't like have the staff keep blocking people's view of the show.
I think the staff was awesome- considering the really hard position they are in- they all did a fantastic jobNice venue for comedy shows, service is decent too. I think they could do a better job with seating for larger parties though- a lot of the big tables are off to the side.I'll start with the positive. Jay Pharoah was too funny. Great show!!
Now ... I am allergic to mold base cheese. I expressed this fact to my server when ordering food because blue cheese is the default dressing that accompanies the wings served. The persons with me specifically asked for ranch when they ordered their food. When the food come to the table we were told the dressing was ranch. Needless to say it was not. It was sent back. They bought back ranch. No problem. I proceed to order wings. Before the server placed hem on the table I made a point to ask if the dressing on the plate was ranch, why??? BECAUSE I AM ALLERGIC TO BLUE CHEESE. He says yes it's ranch. 
Because I know better and the people I were with love me, they tasted it; and low and behold it was blue cheese. When I get the attention of our server I tell her the dressing next to my food is blue cheese. She takes it back. They remake my food and she brings me back fresh wings and this time she places the dressing on a separate plate. Once again my friends try the dressing and I be damn if it isn't blue cheese. She says to one of the persons with me "No it isn't that's just how it looks." To prove it was in fact blue cheese my friend  stirs it and shows the chunks that sit on the celery. Now our server is upset because she has to go back to kitchen. 
The third time she goes back and pours the ranch herself and brings it to the table. By this time my food is warm... Typically I would be pissed and asked for a manager (and I should have) but I was enjoying the show. I didn't finish my food. I don't recommend the lemon pepper wings. Stick to the wings with sauce. There wasn't enough lemon pepper seasoning on the wings. It was more of a lemon pepper butter/oil  coating. 
Go for the show... not the food or drinks.We decided to swing by Punch Line Philly for a little Saturday night comedy and boy did we have a blast! 
Punch Line is one of Philly's premiere comedy hotspots and they always have a great line up of well accredited comedians ready to bring you knee slapping jokes! 
The location hold 300 guest. The food is very tasty and you need to know that they do have a two drink minimum that they take very serious! 
If you're looking for good comedy this spot comes highly recommended to my fellow yelpers!My husband and I attended the early show on July 30 with Aparna Nancherla as the headliner. The emcee, warm-up comics and Aparna put on a wonderful performance. The space was very clean and appealing. The chairs and tables were also spaced out better than another comedy club we go to. Our server was attentive and the food items  (we had the soft pretzels and onion rings) were tasty and fresh. I can't wait to go back!For this being my first time here I loved it. Super clean and professional. Only bad thing is the two drink minimum.We've seen two great shows at Punch Line. Two drink minimum per person but that's pretty standard for every comedy club.Came to see Bill Bellamy this weekend! Very good place! The opening acts were hilarious! Had me laughing more than Bill Bellamy himself (who was also funny). Location is good.. quick uber ride!My husband and I went to Punch Line for the first time to see JP Sears a couple weeks ago. We got there early at had some drinks and food at the bar first. We had a great time, the service staff were fun and attentive. We enjoyed the show tremendously and overall had a blast! We'll definitely be back!The venue looks very nice.  Drinks and food are overpriced and served on disposable plates and in plastic cups.  Staff are inattentive after seating and failed to bring us our ordered drinks... "Don't worry, since we're so busy we're not enforcing the 2 drink minimum"... we weren't worried about the minimum we wanted drinks.  The staff's solution to a quick turnaround on an early show was to literally flip on the work lights at the moment the last act said "goodnight" before he even left the stage.  Not only is this highly unprofessional it caused the crowd to take longer to leave than had they used their very nice and dim-able house lights to slowly bring light up in the room.  Here's a hint from someone who's run venues for many years: Bring up the house lights to full on a three second fade, then if everyone isn't gone in five or ten minutes, bring up the works.Great comedy club and wonderful staff
 We come here often and always have a good time. Food and drink prices are very reasonable and the comedians are top notch. Only issue sometimes is parking due to the other entertainment venues in the area.Beware of the $5.00 off when you use Yelp app.  It's misleading.  I was there last night and tried to use it and it timed out in four minutes.  Not helpful when you're half way into a show and your check is nowhere to be found.Bobby Slayton was great. The service was good even though the place was packed. Very nice club. The prices were OK too.While the performance and comedian is pretty perfect, I'm disappointed at the service...did not come back with my friend's drink for the past 25 minutes and didn't even come by to apologize or tell us what's up when we told another server to ask her where our drink is. They might want to improve on trying to keep up with the pace or at least check on the customers once in a while. Maybe this place is still particularly new? Sometimes I just give the benefit of the doubt; maybe it's just that day, and maybe most days it's not like this at all.My favorite comedy club in philly and probably the 2nd favorite I've ever been to. They have a drink minimum but aren't sticklers about it, and the purchase of soda or water is acceptable. The food isn't amazing but is pretty good and above average for this type of venue. Local talent always impresses me and the national acts can't be beat.I went to Punch Line for the first time for the Jim Breuer special recently - drinks were awesome, service was friendly, very cool atmosphere and the stand up was hilarious. I sat in one of the back booths which were comfortable. We ordered two pizzas during the show which took a long time to get but understandably, their kitchen was backed up. Parking was super easy also, the lot is right behind the building and it's huge - $10 for parking which isn't bad for the whole night. The only annoyance is that a massive body guard had to tell me to put my phone down during the show when I was texting my friend but I understand why - it's super irritating for everyone else. I just wish the way he told me was nicer. Overall I enjoyed it and I hope there's an opportunity to come back here again.I really enjoyed the show and this comedy venue was cool with great acts. I wish that there wasn't a two drink minimum but it was a good experience, overallI was there NYE for Sommore Show. The drinks and food were great. Our sever was the best. He was attentive and friendly. Sommore was great!! We laughed, had a great time. 
My issue is security/crowd control. We started standing in line outside around 9:15pm for the 10pm show. It was cold and the crowd became a little anxious to enter the building. The space inside could have been maximized better to accommodate the patrons standing in the cold for over 45 minutes. 
Security wasn't prepared for the size crowd nor were they well versed with crowd control. Some patrons were rude, and avoided waiting their turn to enter venue.The service was exceptional but that lack of talent and professionalism by the performers was for a lack of better words awful. Ronny Chieng performed the night I attended. Big two thumbs down . He bombed harder then the uni-bomber and crashed harder then Dale Earnhardt in a 20 car pile up at the Daytona 500.First of all, I want to say that the comedians were absolutely wonderful and hysterical. They didn't disappoint!!! 
My problem was with our waitress. I checked in via Yelp to our location and I received a $5.00 off coupon of our bill. Unfortunately, Yelp doesn't tell you on the coupon that it is for food only, but no big deal. The coupon does say that your bill has to be at least $20 and ours was. We had the soft pretzels (they don't serve it with the beer cheese anymore even though it still states that it does on the menu, so a little disappointed in that) and the buffalo Stromboli. Between those two things, our bill was exactly $20, I showed the coupon to our waitress and she stated "Oh, that is only for food and I don't think your bill is $20". I told her that it was and showed her the prices of our food on the menu and she came back with a receipt that was only $18. I said, why is it only $18. She said "I don't know. That is what it came to. Maybe you got happy hour prices or something". We did not get there till after 7pm and happy hour was long over. So the coupon wasn't honored. So, I believe she changed the bill price so she didn't have to take the $5.00 off. 
I will definitely visit the Punch Line again, but I will definitely not order their food again. 
Bad business. Oh, plus they were out of several things on the menu that day. It was a Saturday night, shouldn't you guys be fully stocked?First time here tonight to see Michele Wolf. Pleasantly surprised! From the time we stepped foot in the door, everyone working there was so nice and helpful! From the security to the bartenders to the seaters to the servers. I was very happy, I mean, ten years ago when I partied in Philly it was normal to be treated like crap at certain places. Things have changed and I loved it. We would definitely come back for more of our favorite comics. I'd give this place 5 stars but the food was just ok and typical fanfare. Wasn't expecting anything fancy. Wings rocked and beer cheese was good. Chicken fingers dry. Ok, so 4.5 stars should really be the case. Side note: before handing your $20 for parking, drive a few feet and you might get lucky finding a free spot off street! (Or park at sugarhouse and cross the street) Anyway, thanks to ALL employees here. They were all excellent! Five stars for them. One last thing for those who are curious if it's a dive or not because of location. No. It's cozy, upbeat, and hip. Great view of stage no matter where you sit.Very dissatisfied with how this place is run. From the website with wrong times to not giving us correct seats to waiting an hour for food to having others in our area not having to do the "2 item" minimum. Not happy that people show up after the show starts and they shove them in
Ok after I wrote this, the manager came up and apologized profusely and took care of check and was super nice. 
Will returnBeautiful new club with great bar area and drinks menu. Fast and friendly service and good show the night we visited with headliner Brendon Walsh. Philly needs a second comedy club. Get out to support Punchline! Didn't have food while there, but the menu looked good, with typical pub fare.The venue looks very nice.  Drinks and food are overpriced and served on disposable plates and in plastic cups.  Staff are inattentive after seating and failed to bring us our ordered drinks... "Don't worry, since we're so busy we're not enforcing the 2 drink minimum"... we weren't worried about the minimum we wanted drinks.  The staff's solution to a quick turnaround on an early show was to literally flip on the work lights at the moment the last act said "goodnight" before he even left the stage.  Not only is this highly unprofessional it caused the crowd to take longer to leave than had they used their very nice and dim-able house lights to slowly bring light up in the room.  Here's a hint from someone who's run venues for many years: Bring up the house lights to full on a three second fade, then if everyone isn't gone in five or ten minutes, bring up the works.Everyone was very pleasant!!! The comedy show was great but the food look like something you will get at a sports event!!!Bought two beers that were on special, $4 each. Bartender said, $8. Handed over a credit card. Bartender returned with card and receipt, $12. Tried to get bartenders attention. Failed for 10-15 minutes. Sent a different member of the party to the bar. Waited while the bartender looked for a card he'd lost when they closed out another patron but didn't return her card. Asked the bartender about the charge. He said he'd look into it. Bartender disappeared.Was excited to Finally get my hands on some tickets to the surprise show from Kevin Hart. The show was good. The service on the other hand was not! Beer was stale.. got a order of cold fries which they served on a tiny plate with like 10 McDonald's fries.. than server dropped my onion rings left me with only 2 and still charged me forever thing ! Place has great potential but def needs work !Philly needs more of this. I love helium but I'm glad this is here. Hoping for their success. I DON'T UNDERSTAND WHY THERE ARE LUNCH PAILS. 
It's not a basement club. It's nicer than most.Saw Andrew Santino on Saturday night - he had us in tears several times.  
So the comedian was great.  Venue was nice.  Everything else was just...meh.  
Tix cost us about $26 each and we ended up buying a bucket of beer to hit the 2 item limit.  Compared to somewhere like The Village Underground in NYC, who charges $14 a show, it was a little pricier.  Thats not a huge problem though.
Our waitress seemed like she just relapsed before starting her shift.  She was super jittery, anxious, and kept getting orders wrong.  We looked around and every other table around us had their food/drinks waaaay before ours got served.  The manager ended up coming out to deliver the food/drinks to our table - all without an apology for the poor lack of service beforehand.  
I'll be back though - because I already had tix purchased for a show this Thursday lol.Nice space that hosts some legitimately good gigs! Two drink minimum but totally worth it.Great place for top quality comedy. Good good and wonderful staff. We highly recommend Punchline for an awesome night out! Shaquille and the servers are great. They have happy hour from 5 to 7 in Thursday, Friday, and Saturdays.Enjoy the show and the atmosphere is wonderful will return soon. The only issue I have is with the seating when you arrive it's no order just a random line before enteringA really nice venue. Not too big not too small food was good, drinks were good. I have no complaints will definitely return.Right size, friendly staff, food is good and drinks are great. Can't beat it for a night out for stand up.Always a good time at Punch Line. Brand new, just opened, and already pulling in really big names. Everyone is always so attentive and the food/drink options are plentiful and delicious. Really cool theme going on there and i'd totally go back again for many more shows in the future.This was our first visit. We attended the NYE show. Event parking was  $20 which is pretty typical for Philly. We were seated 30 min prior to the beginning of the show. The room is pretty big and every seat gives you a good view of the stage. There is a two drink minimum which is also typical of a comedy club. Overall, it was a good time.This was the best hidden gem. I went out with the ladies and we had a blast. It was clean and the drinks and food was wonderful and not over priced.Comedy central (Kevin Hart/Matt Bellassai) with a side kick of Drag Queens for brunch, I've been to Punch Line a few times over the past couple years. This venue does a great job of bringing in the funny with tons of comedians; and mixing it up with other shows such as male revues. Seating options inside the club, I don't think you can find a more intimate spot that doesn't have a bad seat in the house for the price of the tickets. Reasons why I rated Punch Line 3 stars is due to the service, food quality, and weak drinks from the bartenders. For those attending a show, since there is a 2 drink minimum, I would suggest to stick with beer or wine. Also, since the location  of the club is in a great area with tons of restaurants, I would eat beforehand or after the shows. 
FYI - Seats are first come, first served.Don't worry about the two drink minimum, you can't even get a server. Management is pretty awful too. Don't waste your time coming here.Saw Annie Lederman there last night. My first recommendation is her. Find her wherever she is performing and go see her. Her performance that combined rehearsed and improv'ing with the crowd is smart and funny. Her parents were in the audience too and even though much of her humor is lewd/crass(in the best way), there was a heartfelt nature to the way she interacted with her parents that was moving, even though she might not admit that part. ;)
The club itself is beautiful with kind workers. The only downside is the burger. When they asked me how I wanted it done, I was excited. However, it certainly didnt come out 'medium' and it wasn't very good. Then again, who goes to a comedy club for burgers.Awesome place. Friendly & attentive staff, great selection of food and drinks! The patio was awesome for an after show cocktail!I have been to the Punch Line a few times now (Annie Lederman, Sommore, Ms Pat) and every time has been a good time. The venue is very intimate, nice, and there is not a bad seat in the house. However every time I've been I've had a problem with the drinks. Way over priced, weak, and overall not good. I understand it's the normal city price, but these are just not worth the price. 
Another thing I have an issue with is the seating. Sometimes there are high top tables for 2, but generally a group of 2 will share a table with another group of 2. Not only is this awkward but the tables are very small and packed together. The service has always been good, and if you arrive early you always get the best seat. The 2 drink minimum is normal for comedy clubs, but I'd recommend sticking to a beer, soda, or water. Don't waste your money on the cocktails. I will continue to come to the Philly Punch Line.My wife and I saw Roy Wood Jr. at the Punch Line last night. Overall, it was a pretty enjoyable time. We arrived at the venue pretty close to showtime, and were seated at a table with 4 other people pretty far away from the stage. This actually wasn't bad for us, as we don't like to be a "target" for the comedian by being too close to the stage anyway. The Punch Line has great sight lines too, so even being further back, we had a great view of the action. What made things a bit uncomfortable, however, was that since we got there right as the show was starting, it was awkward ordering as it was dark and feeling really rushed. Knowing there was a two drink minimum, my wife ordered a cocktail, the Sucker Punch, and me, a Walt Whit beer. Being hard to communicate with each other about food, my wife ordered the margarita pizza as well. 
The food and drinks came out pretty quickly, and the pizza was pretty fresh. The margarita has too many chunks of tomato on it for my liking, but my wife enjoyed it. My Walt Whit draft was decent, and my wife said her cocktail was strong, I got another beer, and my wife a water to get her two drink minimum. 
Roy Wood Jr was great, and so were the opening acts. All in all it was a great outing, and I would go back again. It was. A bit pricy in my opinion for what we got (40 including tip... plus ticket prices and parking) so I give it four stars. 
TIP: It seems they give out a decent amount of comp tickets to shows on Goldstar so utilize that. You just pay fees of 8.50 a person. We only spent 17 on tickets between my wife and I.5 stars for me. When I think about it, this is actually one of my favorite venues in Philly. I've been here for a variety of events since this place opened up a couple years back including Dave Chappelle standup, Canelo vs GGG boxing viewing as well as some different day parties and every time I had fun. I never actually ate food here but I just like the space. You got the outdoor area for sunny days, inside island bar and then the actual event area. The event area where they do a lot of the stand up shows is nice, intimate and classy. Servers come around making sure people are good with food and drinks. Perfect trendy setting for 20 and 30 somethings.
Oh yea there's a couple different free parking lots a block north of this venue. Well at least it's usually free I believe. Sometimes they may charge event parking.This place has the potential to be good but the service and staff really fall short. 
Have been here 3 times and honestly wont be giving it another shot. Each time we have gone the service seems to be non existent. The second time attending a comedy show here it took over 30 minutes just to order a drink. After waiting another 10 minutes for the drinks I got up and went to the bar to ask for my drinks. They were sitting there but bartender said the server had to bring them to my table. When they actually brought the drinks it was quite possibly the worst cocktail I've ever tasted. Undrinkable and a waste of money. Server never apologized about wait time or asked why we didn't drink hardly any of the drinks. Being this place is a two drink minimum and we didn't feel like waiting to the end of the show to get our second drink we got up and walked out. Will not be returning to this venue even tho they get decent headliners. It's the principle of the matter. I'll just stick to the smaller venues where you can actually get service.I had a great time at punchline philly. This was my first time here and I couldn't have asked for anything more. Getting inside was easy and everyone was extremely nice. The lights were on at first allowing people to get to their seats and grab a first drink or bite to eat. Soon the lights dimmed and a mesmerizing stage was lit by a philly skyline made from metal pipes (this was the coolest piece of decor and I will remember it as the signature of punchline philly). The main act was comedian Chris Porter, let me tell you, he's hilarious. The opening acts were also very funny (chip chantry specifically). As soon as I left punchline philly I knew that I would definitely be back.
This was an easy 5/5.Food was only average but there was a great staff that was there to help at all times and the venue itself was really great! A lot of personality to the place which I enjoyed! Would definitely go againLucked out with two good comedians. Place was clean. We were sat at a very corner table against a wall, we asked to move to a better seat but they told us our seats were fine. Tons of tables in center of stage towards back open but they closed them off probably to make room seem more full? After $20 to park and $$22.50 per ticket (luckily I won two free tickets, bought one for my group of three), we found out there is a two drink minimum in addition to the purchase. I ordered 2 martinis and was charged $15 each-- even the good martinis places don't charge that--highway robbery. Our our bill was $86 before tip for two small appetizers and a few drinks. Overall a good show and had fun but left feeling ripped off on my drinks. They had a few drinks on the menu around $10, they really should let you know they're gonna charge you $30 for your two drinks.I really enjoyed the venue overall. I would go back. However, I know to eat dinner before the show, the food wasn't bad but for the price not great and for the price portions were very small on most items. The drinks were great though and the beer selection was decent, not bad prices on the drinks for Philly. The bartender handling the bar before the show and during happy hour was friendly and the security and staff at the box office were very helpful and friendly.
My big recommendation to the venue would be to make sure you're keeping an eye on the patrons. I was at a show last night and my friend and I, were seated at a table next to two girls who were not only drunk but rude and loud. There are several rules at the venue which include no cell phones, no heckling, and to keep table chatting to a quite minimum. I think these are reasonable rules but if you aren't going to enforce them don't bother having them. The two women did get asked to put their cellphones away (they broke that rule immediately and both started taking pictures and filming as soon as the headliner walked out). We were sitting front and center, my friend could touch the stage but there were actually times where we had a hard time understanding the act because of them. I didn't see anyone scold them but the people they were seated with told me after that they were upset about it, I saw one person at table behind them try to say something, and the act himself actually told them to chill out (unfortunately I think they were a little to drunk to get he wasn't kidding). I didn't see security come over and say anything though which was frustrating. The one good thing is they didn't get their 4th drinks in before last call and were told no.
Like I said the venue itself is nice, good seating, nice staff overall, I would go and try it out again but if I ran into a similar incident and the staff didn't do anything to enforce the rules, I'm not sure I would try it a third time.Saw an advertisement on Eventbrite for a Sundaze day party for Sunday 10/8/17 from 3-8 pm. Thought ok, cool, definitely want to check it out, so I put in an Uber and arrived here just to see it was closed with no signs on the door stating their business hours. The hours listed on yelp claim it's open on Sundays, so not sure why when I arrived there was no one there.  Luckily I was able to relocate to another place in the vicinity, but this was a huge annoyance nonetheless and I'm glad i didn't purchase any tickets beforehand for it.Came to Punch Line Philly in the beginning of July for a meet and greet / drag show. When we arrived we got our bracelets and were told to sit at the bar until a crowd or line formed. Punch Line has a two drink minimum. It's required once you are in the showroom. -- Although I knew about the minimum, I didn't realize it was only in the showroom. So I ordered a beer out by the bar thinking it would contribute to that. My fault. We also decided to order an app because we were starving. We ordered the margherita pizza. It was pretty good! The crust was so flakey making a mess everywhere though.
Once it was time to form for the meet and greet, they had a line literally wrapping around the outside of the building. Things went pretty fast which was nice. The staff was definitely efficient in getting everyone in and out. When entering the showroom someone will guide you to your seats. Our table was directly, front row and center of the stage. What luck!
Once I was informed that our outdoor drink didn't contribute we were talked into ordering the larger margarita because it would count as two drinks and we would be hitting our minimum. It was $48 for two margaritas (ridiculous) -- not to mention it tasted like juice. Made our stomachs hurt quite a bit after too. 
Three stars for the staff / out door bartender / pizza. I definitely would come back for another show, but Punch Line is just your typical comedy club. Nothing out of this world.The pineapple upside down was so delicious! Kudos to the cook. The atmosphere is very cozy, comfortable, and live.Well, what can I say? I attended a show here with my dear friends to see my "Bubbe" Natalie Levant dazzle the masses with her schtick with several other female comics. I traveled over an hour by train to get here. I was cranky with post-SEPTA stress syndrome.
Not for long. The very moment that I stepped on the door, I was impressed. I was greeted by a surprisingly polite and friendly security team at the metal detector . They were all smiles and warmth. The club itself was very clean, modern, and the antithesis of the seedy comedy joints that I've grown used to. 
The bartender greeted my as if I'd been coming for years (it was my first time) and made a lovely vodka and 7 for only $7. I fully expected the prices to be higher. So I was happy about that because, I was kinda broke but, couldn't let my Bubbe down and miss this show. Again, the bar was super clean and the ladies behind the bar were all sharp (even in just tee-shirts and jeans) and looked professional and lovely. Again, all smiles. 
My gal pal and I were escorted to our stage-side table and the room itself was fantastic. There didn't appear to be a bad seat anywhere. The crowd was still coming in and it filled up pretty quickly. Great stage! Our server, Tim, was an absolute Doll. We didn't order much because we already had eaten. Next time, I'll go hungry because the menu was terrific. She had the caesar salad and finished the entire thing without ANY complaints (totally unlike her). She loved it. I had more fabulous V & 7s and enjoyed the experience and great service.
My night was complete with a truly talented cast of comediennes, professionals each and every one. I loved the show. My Bubbe killed.
She was a hit! But, we knew this already. Lol.
I highly recommend the Punch Line, I applaud the crew that helped make my night so memorable, and take my hat off to the managers that make the wheels turn. I will be back very soon!This place was nice. My date and I were put right in the front so we could see Chris Frangelo in all his glory. The house comedians were so funny! Parking is $20 on the lot right next to it. On weekends there is free parking in surrounding areas. It was a fun night!I came here for the "really funny comedians (who happen to be women)" this was a yelp event/collaboration. I had a lot of fun! There is a two item minimum here because there are tables and wait staff. The drinks didn't seem to be too much more expensive than usual. It was $6 for a bud light draft though. 
The comedians were funny and the atmosphere was awesome - wait staff was fast and attentive and we had our checks paid before the headliner was finished so we could head right out when it was over. Would recommend! Just not a fan of the two item minimumMy son and I went to the Punch Line and really had a fun night. Sat at a 4 top and met a lovely couple who we laughed and chatted with. Gina Yashere was hysterical!!! Go!!!Great atmosphere, small cocktail list but decent selection of liquor and wine. Small food list too...  don't come hungryMy friends and I went to Golden Girls Trivia Night on a Monday. The Trivia organizers were fantastic and the game was fun. The venue, not so much.
In the promotional email that we received for the Trivia Night, we were told there would be a happy hour. When we asked our server what the happy hour specials were, she said there was not one. We were perturbed by the false advertising, but stayed to play anyway.
When it came time for our check, we were all overcharged and it took multiple attempts by the manager to correct. Not a professional experience from Punch Line.No laughs here. Your free tickets mean nothing. We had registered tickets online for the 10 pm show. They didn't even start letting anyone in until 10:15 and there was a massive line of almost over 400. After waiting awhile in line with no direction we were told 320 people would get in and we were at the 300 mark and would get in. Security was painfully slow letting people in. Around 10:40 they stopped letting people in all together and said they had to count how many spots they had left... How do you not know how many people you (ever so slowly) let in and how many chairs you have in your facility?! Everyone in the line was getting super annoyed and starting leaving. After waiting five more minutes we found out only 40 more were going to be let in and we had 60 people in front of us.  They said they had added a 12 pm show but after waiting in line for an hour and half for nothing we called it a bust. Jokes on us.First time here to see Earthquake, who is always funny. The seating was perfect glad I didn't pay for VIP which seemed very crammed to me, was it at a table right in front of the stage right behind VIP which was perfect, it was right in front of the main isle. The booths are way in the back glad I didn't pick those. It's supposed to be first come first seat but they make sure VIP's are seated right in from of the stage. You are not allowed to take pics of the comedians like at other comedy clubs.
Arrived 1 hour before the show, found parking on the street,  Sugar House is across Columbus Blvd, it's a far walk on a snowy, cold night & not sure if Sugar House watches their lot to see whose parking & tow. Punchline was bigger than I thought and the floor is flat not elevated so of you're short and sitting in the back that could be a problem if someone y'all is sitting in front of you. Also found out if you purchase event tix at the box office there are no fees. Great place, good price, Maple Bourbon wings were good. Will go back again. Can see good comedians for a not "beat you over the head price".Good shows. They do have free ticket chances which is awesome. Not great service. We called for wine carafe. They served carafe without wine glass. 20 mins into the show we are looking for glasses. Then server gives us 1 glass full of ice. The whole party has to be together, even if 2-3 people are right in front of the line leaving 2 options wait till ur whole party has come or you have to sit to separately. Then we get seated in 2nd row with few of the front tables empty. When asked if we could sit in front the person rudely says this is ur table for now instead of saying that front row was reserved or anything. I mean he could just simply say it's reserved instead giving us an attitude.Full disclaimer I went here during a pre-opening show so it wasn't packed. Our waiter was super attentive and really nice, the atmosphere was great and we generally had a nice night. The drinks were reasonably priced for a comedy club. Some of the greeters were a little cold/"too cool," they seemed super young. We didn't try the food.I'm glad to have a comedy place in the neighborhood though and I'm excited to go back now that it's fully open!We came here on a Friday night as we had won free tickets to a comedy show. It is two drinks per person mandatory. We ordered a piture that was around $22 . There were other stand-up comedy hands before the main show be found that couple of standard comedians were better than the main show. The quality of the comedy increased as the evening progressed. It does two drink minimum per person so people can also order two bottles of water which is around $3 each. There is a Yelp discount of $5 / $20 bill but that is only if you order food. We found that the hard way. Although the Yelp discount doesn't say so but our Hostess mention that the discount is only offered if you order food. But since we ordered only drinks we had to pay the full amount.
Overall a decent place to spend the evening.Cousin and I went here to see JB SMOOVE.  Place was nice.  Didn't get food, ate beforehand across the street and bought hot dogs from a guy in the street who was selling it from tupperware in his trunk of his mini van.  Anyways, drinks at this place were good.  Nice atmosphere.This is a nice spot to stop in for a laugh or see a particular act. The service can be hit or miss as sometimes when they have popular acts they seem understaffed and wait time for food or drinks can be a little long. Nice environment with a nice crowd in a good location. Parking can be a little pricey on the weekends.Got these tickets for my husband and I for our first anniversary last weekend. The comedian was great, but the service, not so much. Thinking we were going to have a few drinks at the show, we chose to not get any during our dinner before. We arrived early, but our server did not take a drink order for about 20 minutes. He ran my credit card and brought it back, but no drinks ever arrived. In the middle of the show he came and asked how everything was. We mentioned our drinks never came and he apologized and said I'll go check on that right away. No drinks ever ever came the whole show (for us or the couple sitting with us). At the end of the show our server came over with the bill... It was not that big of a venue.. I'm really not sure how we got missed. I'm surprised to see that this is not the first time this has happened here. Thankfully, we didn't decide to eat dinner there or else we would have been pretty hungry. It's funny to enforce a 2 drink minimum and then not even let people pay for them...We came here on a Wednesday night for a women only comedian lineup and really had pretty good time!  This is the third or fourth comedy bar that we've been to around the country and I feel like they all have a similar vibe.  Generally packed, generally decorated with pipe and drape and generally pretty overpriced for food and drink so it was OK!  The outside walking up to it looks pretty legit as opposed to other establishments that were down an alley or in a basement - it's definitely a very welcoming front facade.  All around... A-OK!About 15% of the seats are on the sides of the stage witch may be fine for a stand up act but if the show is visual your left looking at the side of a person preforming for the rest of the room (if they stand to far back on stage u can't see them at allI came here for a Yelp Elite event this past Wednesday night. The headline was Really Funny Comedians (Who Happen to be Women!) Standup show. The lineup was awesome. I particularly liked Hannah and Erica. Even the host was pretty entertaining.  Some of the jokes had me legitimately laughing, but mostly it was all pretty giggle-worthy and provided good entertainment. I ordered the tacos (1 beef, 1 veggie and 1 fried fish). The food was honestly pretty mediocre. Very disappointing. I'd probably stick with ordering the greasier food that is hard to mess up (chicken tenders and fries). I also had 2 Kronenbourg beers that were lukewarm but at least tasted like beer. Giving it a 4 for the venue customer service and the comedians, but seriously, can you get a new chef?!Went here for the Really Funny Comedians (Who Happen to be Women!) Standup show. The lineup was good for a Wednesday night event and the headliner was awesome. It wasn't really a laugh riot like The Comedy Cellar in NYC, but it was worth the drive and time.
The setup is good. They have the Philly skyline behind the stage, constructed will happiness and backlit with LEDs. I was seated right up front against the stage, so I had the best view. I am not sure if the experience suffers in the back. Overall, a very good experience.
There was a 2 item minimum that night, and I made the mistake of ordering food. The hummus and pita was not up to par with even the average Mediterranean joint in the city. I would recommend sticking to the alcohol when ordering here.
The staging area has a bar with inside and outside seating. With it's proximity to SugarHouse Casino (just walk across the street), you can really make a night out of going here with a lot of things to do. Overall, a very positive experience.I think i do like this comedy club but it really depends on the comedian.  Last show, pretty good. Tonight sucked ass. Show was to start at 10:15.  It actually started at 11:15pm. The opening act was soooooooooo bad. Usually if I'm enjoying myself I don't notice the two drink minimum. Tonight I was absolutely irritated about the two drink minimum.  I didn't want to order drinks. The comedian was soooo bad, I'm not sure I will return unless I know the comedian. PS. They make you make pay for your bill as soon as you order like McDonalds.  Sooooo fuckin classy!!! I want my money backWas able to score last minute tickets here last night to see Ian Bagg. The place is a short uber ride from center city and has a cool vibe. It was our first comedy club visit and we're pleasantly surprised. The announcer warm up guy was alright. The second guy, Chip Chantry was pretty funny but OMG Ian Bagg had us rolling the whole show. There's not a bad seat in the house. The drinks are good and unique. First round was very delayed as someone forgot to put the order in but round 2 and 3 came out lickady split. You can even get $5 off $20 order if you check in on Yelp. Unfortunately we forgot to use ours. Also there is a 2 drink min which isn't a challenge for us to comply with. We didn't eat here, but menu looked pretty good. At $22.50 per ticket we will def be back for a good time.Absolutely horrible. The over priced drinks and tickets are an outrage. It's so frustrating that it takes away from the comics because all you want to do is leave. They will force you to do a two drink minimum even if you are driving!! Won't ever go back! Staff is horrible and rude as well.Show = great
Staff customer experience inside the show = pretty bad. 
Hope they can get it together. The venue is fun but it's disappointing if they are training their staff to not have the best customer service.Just went to Punchline for the first time Friday night to see Jo Koy.  The good: High energy atmosphere with good music got you in the mood for the show. Comedy related questions and quotes on a screen were fun. This is a plus over Helium. The venue is just small enough to be in a decent seat wherever you sit. The bad: The service. If you want your food in a reasonable amount of time you have to order it before the show starts. I like to eat during a show. MISTAKE!!  Once the show started it was a wreck. The runners (not the person who took the orders) brought 3 different things to the table that weren't ordered. I couldn't get our servers attention to place my order without actually touching him since calling him wasn't heard. He never came back to ask what I wanted even though I hadn't ordered anything. Ordered a burger then added fries. The fries came but sat due to no burger. The burger finally came when the show was 2/3 over, a bit burnt. Was told the kitchen was backed up. Since I've read the other reviews it seems the kitchen is often ill prepared once the room is full. Sent the fries back since they were now cold thinking how long can shoestring potatoes take? Quite a while since I was almost finished the burger by the time the fries came. Think the next time I'll eat before I come and just have a couple of drinks. It all took so long the server did not hold me to the 2 drink minimum.Honestly the show was absolutely stellar. We went there for Libert's Belles burlesque show and it was phenomenal!!! The acts were entertaining and the energy from the crowd was great. What was not great however was the staff. Our server came by our table only when we made eye contact with him. He was more focused on his other tables that were drinking alcohol. We ordered a dessert and it never came. The server never cam back to see how it was. After taking our dessert order, the next time we saw our server was when he brought the check. Mind you the check still had the dessert which we never received charged to it. I told the server that we did not receive the dessert and that I would like it removed. He stated he would talk to the kitchen and brought me a new check but he never did explain why we did not get what we ordered.I do not recommend this place for its truly poor service.  Went to Punchline for the first time and had no issue with a 2-item minimum, nor any issue with paying a little extra for a meet and greet with the headliner afterward.  My boyfriend and I showed up a little early to have a drink before doors opened; we were wanded and bag searched (fine), and got our wristbands.  The bar outside of the actual venue seemed ok, but there were only 2 bartenders and we were seeing the second set of the evening - and plenty of people around.  I waited by the bar for at least 20 minutes for drinks and both bartenders made eye contact with me multiple times, but no acknowledgement (smile, Head nod, "I'll be right with you," etc).  I was passed over in favor of multiple guys while I actually had cash in my hand.
When inside the venue, the waitress took half our table's orders and then mysteriously left, and returned a while later (more than halfway through first act's set) with wrong drink orders for them, and left again, then returns for the order for the other half.  We were told a certain type of beer was not available in to purchase as a bucker, though it was clearly marked on the menu that it was.  A person in our party ordered food but that never arrived, and it showed up on the check (it was taken off after we remarked about the error).  
Even after the show was finished, only 2 bartenders were available and yet again we had to wait for forever for service.
I repeat - I do not recommend this place.#thunderfromdownunder aweful night  no waitresses  had to goto the bar for overpriced pretzels shrimp n drinks #badbar  ladies spend your money wisely not in a crappy rude place like this one #stayawayI've been here twice for comedy shows and had a great time each time. Both times I didn't have an issue getting into the venue-there was no line to get in or pick up our tickets and security quickly wanded us. Maybe it depends on the show you're seeing but we were in in just a few minutes. 
Punchline has a 2 item minimum which food and non-alcoholic drinks count towards. We ended up ordering just 3 items and they didn't give us a hard time which was very nice. The pricing for drinks and food is normal. We split a margherita flatbread which was good for bar food. I would stick to drinks here though. 
Before buying tickets, I suggest checking goldstar or Groupon first. There's usually heavily discounted tickets.Very nicely styled ambiance! I like how welcoming the bar is in the lobby, and the menu is creative. I didn't know think the fish tacos were that great, but I'd definitely come back with my lady to have a great time again.I was super excited to visit a new comedy club. Invited another couple with my Husband and I.....huge mistake. The show was great but the service was the worst we have ever had anywhere we have gone. We do a lot of travel and find different places to visit. PHILLY was our plan. We came in hungry ready to order food and drinks. Show was scheduled to start at 10:15 pm. Never opened the doors for us to be seated until 10:40pm. We get seated. 25 mins later asked what we would like to drink....20 mins go by no drinks 30 mins 2 drinks are brought out of 5. I get mine it's wrong and watered down. I ask to order food. We place order wait and wait 3 acts have finished I ask someone passing could they check on our food. Guess what our server comes to tell us he's sorry on behalf of the club. Really? Where is the manager? Servers says everything is on us. Ok well can we get our food? It's on its way. No food show is over no second drinks ...of course no check and clearly no one cared about our business or our tip. I myself am a general manager of a restaurant brand. I tip well and I'm understanding. They are in big trouble. Don't go for food or drinksWent for a show when visiting from out if town.  While the show itself was fun the food was terrible and over priced! Grocery store freezer food is much better. We got egg rolls, tacos, and pizza. Not sure how you can mess up pizza so bad. While it was still a fun night will definitely eat beforehand if I come back.Punch Line Philly is one of the city's newer comedy clubs. The club is in Fishtown, on the same street as the Fillmore Philly & within walking distance to the Sugar House Casino. 
Heads up: 
-Two item minimum- drinks or food. 
-Most events are 21+
-Typical shows have a host, an opener and a headliner. 
-Check out their social media pages for a chance to get free tickets. 
-Get discounted tickets on sites like GoldStar or Living Social.
-Seating is not pre assigned, hostess team seats groups.
-The club is cold- bring a sweater!
The comics can be hit or miss.The drag show was great. The food took 2hrs 15 min to come. There was 6 of us, they brought out one plate at at time every 30 minutes, very disappointing. Waiter was nice brought us all shots of some very sugary drink for their mistakes. Once the show was done we went to the bar which took 10 minutes for the bartender to come ask if we wanted something although there were barely any people at the bar. I suggest you eat before coming to this drag brunch. 2nd time here, first time was only two of us and it only took them 1hr to bring our meals. Good show, bad service!Pros--Great comedians & not a bad seat in the house.  Had a great time saw Jay Pharoah & good price for tickets..
Cons-the 2 drink/food minimum is crazy. Had a 945 show we had already ate & we are non drinkers so orders 2 drinks & chicken wings. Food was blehh.. wouldn't have ordered any food had we not had too.I was one of the fortunate 1200 people who bought a ticket to see Dave Chapelle at Punchline Comedy Club. The tickets sold out online in 8 minutes so you had to be on your computer at the exact time to get a pair. The show was great. Chapelle was hilarious. The place was packed. At one point during the night there was someone in the audience who was acting up and talking during the show. I went to the lobby and found a manager named Ben and told him the problem. He quickly had one of his security guards kindly ask the patron to keep in down and be mindful of other people's experience during the show. The patron obliged and nothing more came of it. Thanks Ben. I ordered chicken fingers and they were the bomb. The barbecue sauce is the perfect amount of spicy. I tipped my waitress 25% because she was good at her job, and also very good looking. Giggity giggity. All in all it was a cool experience and I would go back for another show.Jamie kennedy far exceeded expectations. Hecklers could have been reigned in a  bit. Great crowd but a bit too much audience interaction. Reasonable prices and good view of stage.Love Punchline! Great entertainment, prices, drinks, and food. Can't complain and they are professional and prompt.As a guest for yelp I found this evening fun, in a convenient location offering other nearby venues, and convenient safe parking. Staff was friendly and were laser focused on service. The show was enjoyable, a lot of laughing and the headliner was a great close. The MC this evening was a real adorable character, very funny. It did seem a bit short. I was pleasantly surprised by the hummus plate it was popping with excellent fresh flavors served with zucchini, squash and was very good pita chips. I enjoyed a yards brawler draft beer. The server was was able to offer only one refill on beverages before presenting the check. Lots to do after the show in the Fishtown scene.Absolutely the worst customer service ever in my life, the waitresses were the rudest people I ever met in life. They did not understand the concept of bottle service nor were they equip to handle a large party. We rsvp'd prior to coming to the establishment and we waited a half hour before someone even came to our table. It was the worst experience ever. Would not recommend for large party to attend here. The staff acted as though they did not want us there and they were not they helpful.I came here for the first time as we received free tickets from the Yelp Elite Squad. 
For the comedy itself, I would give 4 stars. It was our first time here and we enjoyed it and I would come back. Some of the comedians were not very funny at all. The host and the last two comedians, including the headliner, Erica were fantastic. 
For the food, I would give it 2 stars. The food is expensive and it was not good. It did not taste fresh and it was not hot when it came out. If they are going to require a minimum purchase of two items per person, then the quality should be much better especially for the cost. I ordered the margherita pizza and it was not hot and tasted like it was frozen and not fresh. We ordered the hummus as an appetizer and paid extra for vegetables with it rather than just pita. The vegetables included a couple pieces of the ends of celery stalks and raw zucchini...very odd and not good. Can't say I ever had raw zucchini with hummus. I would have rather had cucumber, carrots, peppers etc...basically anything else.
Overall, I would come back for another comedy show. I will probably just stick to drinks for the two item minimum next time.Poor customer service, lots of weird rules for a comedy place. Helium is a much better experience. This place has potential if they just had better service.
They say seats are first come first serve but also don't let you pick your seats. Even more, they won't let you hold a seat with a paid ticket. They sat us off to the side and refused to let us change with half of an empty room. Bathroom is also sticky before the show even starts!
Good location and good price ruined with poor service.I literally sat at the bar for 25 minutes before a concert at the Fillmore and the bartender didn't even look at my friends and me. Went over to the concert without one drink. Was here another time before for a concert and only received 2 drinks in an hour and a half span, even though that time I had signed up for some apparently bogus "VIP experience". Drink literally anywhere else before a show. I'd give 0 stars if I could and will never be back.Do yourself a favor and stick with Helium Comedy club!  This place is the most unprofessional company I have ever had to deal with.  They do not respond to emails or calls what so ever.  
They are all over Groupon because they don't have any return customers.  Yet half the people on Groupon can't use them because Groupon requires they contact the Comedy Club to set up their show...which never gets a response!!  Stay far far away!!Braden was so responsive and quick to answer all my emails concerning a Brunch that I had.  Everything was fabulous, and we never laughed so hard.Punchline Philly allowed a man who has been accused of sexual harassment by 8 women to headline multiple shows even after a large portion of the Philly Comedy Community pointed this out and asked for them not to. It was a shame that they never even addressed the controversy. 
Basically it is hard to endorse a place who has shown this sort of sad lack of response to such a horrible thing.The interior of this new venue looked clean and the security people at the door were nice. 
But my first experience here was super weird and uneasy. 
First, some tickets to see two relatively unknown comedians at this venue showed up mysteriously in the common area of my office. I took them because I thought they were extras from someone in my office who had purchased them, and I know that my office is filled with people of good taste. They were labeled as $15 tickets and I didn't want them to go to waste. Turns out, many people in the 400-person line I stood in had the same strange experience, and that the tickets were actually free "crowd filler" tickets. Marketing folks who came up with this idea, you may have influenced my behavior this time, but mark my words, this trick is not going to work on me again!
As some reviewers from the same night pointed out, the line did wrap around the block, but only 2 or 3 people within my hearing range in line had actually purchased tickets with the intent of seeing the performers. (I mainly heard crickets when a staff member called out to see if anyone in line was holding a "paid" ticket.) Apparently, they had given away way more free tickets than they had the space to accommodate, which resulted in a large chunk of the line being turned away after waiting over an hour to get in. Many people were understandably disgruntled - both for the wait, then subsequently, for being turned away. 
I personally would have preferred it if they had let us know that they would only let in "X" number of people with free tickets before or as we were lining up, rather than after we had been standing outside at night on a desolate/run-down/warehouse-y block below the highway for almost an hour.  
It seems like the reason why it took so long was because they did not have a procedure in place to keep track of how many people entered the venue, so they couldn't tell how many seats were left until everyone inside sat down, and only then did they let in more people from the line.
We were lucky(?) enough to be the very last people they let into the building, over an hour after we had arrived. Entry is pretty standard - they check your ID and your bags, and then give you one of those neon Tyvek wristbands.  
The ticket check-in station was not clearly labeled and no instructions were given upon entry, such that when I was walking along trying to figure out where I was going, a hangry girl in a line to my right barked agitatedly in my direction, "Hey!! You need to get back here!" 
Although there is a 2-drink minimum, I got away with not drinking anything (not even water) because no server ever got to me. A server brought a burger to our table, even though nobody ordered one. The show was all right - I felt bad for one of the performers at times when jokes were met with silence or the sound of people getting up from their seats. 
The thing that bothered me the most about this experience is that I was influenced, without my knowledge, to participate in making a performance seem well-attended (over-booked in this case), when in reality it wasn't. It's a form of deception and doesn't sit well with someone who is always willing to help struggling artists, and all one needs to do is be direct and ask.Such a shame.
Bartender was not attentive. Before the show he gave me a drink I didn't order then we couldn't get him to take our cash.  Lines were confusing to get into the show.
The margherita pizza was an uncooked tortilla with Ragu on it.  When we asked for cheese we got a side cup of cheese wiz!  Maybe it was a joke to get us laughing before the show?!
The show and venue were good.2 drink minimum put a bad taste in our mouths. Even if you're the DD, they make you buy a $3 bottle of water after you've bought a $22 ticket to watch a show. Wouldn't recommend, won't be back.Four of went here for a trivia night. This venue has a great atmosphere, it's big and open, and our server was really nice. Unfortunately, the food and drinks are not so good. It was all too expensive and the drinks were way too sweet. I know it's a comedy venue, so I didn't have high expectations, but compared to other comedy venues, food was not great at all. The only good food we had was the hummus and veggies, which you don't even have to cook! Then when we tried to order more, they told us the kitchen was closed (in the middle of the event!). It would have been nice to have a notice of some sort. Overall, our group was just disappointed. (We also lost at trivia. Lol)The comedians were hilarious, well when I could hear.  I had a loud talking couple reported them three times. The first time I was told the manager would come, no show. The second time I was told security would come, no show. The third time I spoke with the manager, Amanda, who said it would interrupt the comedian if they removed them during the last 10 minutes of the show. REALLY, I reported then 15 minutes into the set! Could not get a refund because tickets are purchased through TicketMaster. EXTREMELY POOR MANAGED AND WILL NEVER RETURN. I will stick with the Stress Factory and CarolinesAlways a great time! From the comedians to the food everything always works out for the good.Great entertainment, great evening ... laughed so hard , great first night visiting .
NEEDED to acknowledge two men sitting near me because their laughs just made it even BETTERPunch Line is now gentrifying a neighborhood where you used to risk getting punched, or getting offered a line of something...but now we have a gigantic venue for great comedy acts!
This can be an awkward date spot because 1. you may be seated with other people 2. you're supposed to keep chatting to a minimum  3. you may find out your date doesn't drink and you will have to consume 4 drinks (JK they count water and they don't actually hold you to the 2 drink min per person) 3. you may find out your date has an extremely unattractive snort laugh 4. you may find out your date is a heckler 5. said date may get called out and publicly shamed by the comedian for snorting and/or heckling. If you do find a human worthy of your company who you don't want to punch, I highly suggest getting in line for some great comedy.
Got free tickets from a comedy festival, and was super excited to see Roy Wood Jr.! He was hilarious and his openers were awesome too! We got there at 9:50 for a show that started at 10:15 and doors opened at 9:45. We waited in line for a bit and got seated pretty close to the front. The security is a bit alarming (not used to being wanded up and down in Philly). Drinks and food are (over)priced as expected although the food isn't as bad as Helium, the chicken fingers and fries were good (but pricy).
Looks like Goldstar constantly has discounted/free tickets for their shows so I'd check that before paying full price for anything.
Happy to have another place to LOL in Philly!Enjoyed the show! Wish there was some more music though. Food and drinks mediocre but overall a good time.This is a great spot.  It was my first time here.  The space is large and modern. Nice set up with a very large bar area that has happy hour during he week. Lots of seating options and the service was terrific.  Our food selection was not something I would order again ( hummus and spring rolls) but the margarita pizza next to us looked and smelled delicious.Fun fun place to enjoy some live comedy in
Philadelphia. Shows are a lot of fun, food is good and drinks are very affordable. They make their tables community style so if you're a group of 2, you could have a few other people sit with you on the same table but this has been the case with the other comedy club I went to too. 
There is a 2 drink minimum and it's on any drinks. They have plenty of wine carafes and beer buckets to chose from.Thee worst!! They have no idea what they're doing! Do not come here! Worst experience ever! They don't know how to even keep people in a line and let EVERYONE budge to the front..... not good don't come here.So, the place is very clean, easy to park and get to, nice wait staff, reasonable drink prices and funny comedians. Thats about it. We sat down with a table of 4 before the show started, ordered 2 beers and 3 pizzas. The opening act started and we went to the bar and ordered two drinks and came because we never saw the waiter. At the start of the main act, we grabbed a different waiter and ordered pizzas again. The original waiter than brought the drinks over (about 40 minutes after ordering) and told us 5 minutes for the pizzas. Another trip to the bar and the waiter came to check on us mid way through the act and he said 5 more minutes for the pizzas. At the conclusion of the show, the waiter came to drop the check and asked if we would like the pizzas in a to go container. 2 hours after we originally ordered them. If you get your drinks at the bar and eat before you come, you won't be disappointed! Otherwise, the wait and kitchen staff needs some work.Comedians not great but big problem was with the  unprofessional staff. Have been to so many comedy shows including Helium, comedy caberet, dangerfields in NYC and others who "get" comedy and support comedians. This place does not get it. Waste of money.The only punchline of this place is a punch in the face when it comes to eating. The show was amazing! Laughed my ass off, but the food, what food? Don't plan on going hungry, or after work and expect a meal. It took 20 minutes to get a drink and another hour to get 3 of the 7 things we ordered. We are talking greasy fried bar food that took an hour. No hopes of seeing it ever. The show ended and they served the humus with wilted peppers and no pita. The play looked like a hospital, a slab of humus with wilted peppers. My one night out and this is what we got. Very disappointing. The only thing that kept me going was laughing up a storm from the incredible act. It's a shame the kitchen couldn't get it right. If it were Hell's Kitchen it would have been shut down.I love visiting Punchline.  I have been here for numerous comedy shows, trivia nights and pre-concert (at the Fillmore) happy hours.  It's always a fun time and with great drink specialsWe ate at the Punch Line before a concert at the Filmore. This restaurant was horribly understaffed. I got my chicken tenders 20 minutes before anyone else in our group was served, they had clearly been an extra plate of tenders that they just had lying around and they were already mostly cold when they got to me. We never got napkins and had to chase down the server to get napkins 3/4 of the way through our meal. Some people got their drinks at the beginning of the meal, others got them halfway through. Then we had to chase the server down again to pay so we could get in line for the concert. Honestly, I would avoid eating here again and would not recommend this place to anyone.The show  was phenomenal which is the only reason I gave it 3 stars however the venue it self not so much. The food is way overpriced and not worth it and the wait staff was awful.  We didn't get half the food we ordered or drinks. And the 2 drink minium is a joke!! Buy water before you waste your money on acholic beverages. They were sample sizes!!!!Philly KINDA does standup. Kevin Hart is from here so when he's on tour, he'll sell out the WellsFargo Center or the Linc. When he's working on new material, he comes to PunchLine. The only other game in town is Helium and not one act I NEED to see has stopped there. PunchLine has the location (if not the parking), professional staff, and two well stocked bars with rotating drink specials and craft beers. The food is serviceable, too. If your favorite comic is performing at PunchLine, get your tickets ASAP. Pro Tip: Buy your ticket in person from the box office or from any LiveNation outlet to save on the online "convenience" fees.Nice atmosphere friendly staff good food and drinks good performers will return for future showsCame here as the ending for a great guy's night out.  Lots of space and not too crowded, but you will probably have to sit and make some new friends.  It's a big room for a couple of hundred.
Check-in was easy...tickets and ID needed to get a band for alcohol, no matter how old you look.  Then the host or hostess will get you seated really quickly.  First come/first served, unless you have a big group and called in early.  Although we were originally placed to the far right side as we requested not to be close to the stage, we were easily allowed to switch to center back behind the first section of 4 tops.  Perfect views and sound.
Service was very attentive with drink orders.  We also got some food.  My BBQ wings were nice and crunchy and not overdone.  They tasted great.  My friend's stromboli was just average but edible.
I did not like that food does not count towards your two-drink minimum.  The draft cider was good, but I had to "order" a $2 bottle of water to go with my 1/2 empty glass of water to make up for the 2-drink minimum.
Other positives were that I got to buy my tickets using the Elite Yelp status so although I was not in time for the complementary ticket, I was able to get them for 1/2 off with a complementary drink coupon, AND, they have a Yelp Check-In for $5 off $20 so that was some additional savings!
This excursion was on a whim, and I was not familiar with headliner Annie Lederman.  She was very funny and had a lot of interaction with the audience.  She makes you think.
Overall, I'd highly recommend Punch Line Philly for your comedy laughs.  I'll be back!My Fiance grabbed us a Groupon deal for this place and we really enjoyed it. We were able to see Joe Pharaoh and he was absolutely hilarious! It's a two drink minimum per person. Typically, you will be sitting with other strangers per their set up. All the food they kept bringing out looked good, we got the onion rings as an app. Service was good and the venue was clean and spacious. We'd definitely come back to see another comedy show.I attended a comedy show headlined by Dwayne Kennedy at Punch Line Philly one night. The venue can be a little tough to find if you're not looking around. Walking in, there is a small bar area in the front with the box office, and the main stage is further inside. Buying tickets is very easy at the box office.
Once inside the main stage, there were a ton of tables spaced around and a curtain draped across the back. Punch Line Philly has a required 2 item minimum purchase, so I ordered the buffalo wings off the appetizers and a molten lava chocolate cake. The buffalo wings were very mediocre, and the chocolate cake was also average at best, but the food isn't the draw to the venue, it's the comedy. 
The performance was pretty good in my opinion. The host emcee had a lot of good jokes about finding an identity as an immigrant to America. Robin, who was Dwayne's opener, was alright, her humor wasn't really my cup of tea. Dwayne was very good, he started off pretty slow but the jokes and stories were well thought up and hilarious.I went to the punchline tonight for the elite show for Dolce Sloan and as my first time at a comedy show I can not say enough. 
The bar: me and my friends arrived a little early to pick up our tickets from willcall. We had some time to kill so we sat at the bar. I had previously looked up the menu online and didn't see my drink on the menu (sad) but the bartender knew exactly what I was talking about and made it up for me. Super exciting. He also served us our food and made incredible drinks. He was excellent and attentive and was the first of many incredible experiences. I got spring rolls with my comp app cause of the sauce and the Thai chili sauce was awesome. 
The venue: small but not clustered. Perfect size for a comedy show where the comedian can connect with everyone in the audience. There are tables throughout the venue so everyone is seated. It's comfortable. There is a two drink (or food) minimum per person once inside. They offer ways to make that easy. Think a drink with a carafe. The show goes on a while so the drinks are easy to go down in that course of time without being too much
The show: I wish I could do this every weekend. Genuine laughter from everyone in our group. The two openers connected with the audience and found a way to meet each persons needs. dolce was the same. I don't think I have laughed that hard in a long time
Overall, I will without a doubt be back. Most likely sooner rather than later.Amanda was amazingly helpful and super nice. Jay was diligently making sure the bar was clean. Tre was an awesome bartender as well! I will be back soon!I have attended two shows so far. Each time my experience was different and now when I think about it really depends on where you sit and who is performing. In the waiting area they have outside seating as well as bar. Auditorium where performance happens is nice and big. Only bad seats are on the sides so I would say 90% of seating is good. They serve food and drinks during the show. You do have to purchase a minimum of two items.Do Not Go To Drag Diva Brunch. I never got served and this is certainly not worth the $35 ticket. The performances are great but I'm starving while everyone around me is eating and drinking merrily but no server will help me. Eventually Was able to go to the bar to get the mimosa included in the package. 
I repeat: Do Not Go To Drag Diva Brunch
Update: staff will look at you when you need help, and turn the other way. Service is horrendous for those who did get to order food. I can't even get water.The staff is very nice and the headliner was very funny. The service is also great. Will definitely come back.This may be a bit premature in some ways - I haven't been there for a live show yet. I was there the other night for a screening of a comedy documentary, however, and I don't imagine that the negative aspect of my experience would change had the event been different. As a comedy club the layout and interior are standard but nice. The place is a bit of a ripoff though, once you're in. I hate complaining about prices or serving sizes, but Punch Line warranted it. The $6 for a draught Brawler was fine, honestly about what I expected to pay. The appetizer sizes were insulting though, especially the $6 pita and hummus that consisted of two ramekins of hummus and one half of a pita diced into pieces and spread sadly across a plate that's too big to make it look like any better of a portion than it is (the spring rolls were better, anyway, though what hummus and pita there were were fine). To add insult to injury, it's $4 for a glass of soda, which my girlfriend said was largely ice. 
Again, I'm not knocking the actual building, or doubting that it's a good time with a comedian you like. And I know some people will have no problem with the lopsided food-to-price ratio. If you're not so fortunate, though, be ready to feel a bit fleeced on the orders. A menu boasting chicken fingers as one of its 3 or 4 entrees is not a menu that gets to charge pretentious prices.This review is specifically for the management at punch line. I purchased 11 tickets, 6 reserved seats and 5 general admission for this past Saturday nights show 5/11/19. I live one block away and have been very excited to go to a show since they opened. 
I was told specifically to get there when doors open at 6:30 an hour before the show to get our seats which I had reserved. I was told we can all sit together if we specifically get there at 6:30 as this was for a birthday party. I did exactly as instructed 2 days before the show by management and I was the second person in there with my group and not ever have I had such disrespect with any employee or management at an establishment. Had my tickets scanned in 3 times as if I was trying to sneak into the place. After we were seated they came to check my tickets for the 4th time. Then they said we had to move when we were the only group in there an hour before the show. I paid for 11 tickets and filled up 2 complete tables as instructed by management.
Not only was management rude and nasty but they ruined the show for much of our party before it even started from the incident of arguing multiple times and getting treated like we were not welcome because we sat in our paid for reserved seats.
I will actively tell this story in all fishtown and no libs groups as I wouldn't want anyone else to be disrespected like I was with my family.Me and my girlfriends came here a few times for the drag queen brunch! It's always entertaining and a good time. The only issue is the service isn't always the best every time we have came it was always something wrong and food took forever to come out. The food was good one time and the next time we came it was terrible. So it's really a hit or miss! It's a great spot if u want to grab some drinks and watch performances.Korean tacos were overcooked and dry. Bar service was non-existent.  Overpriced...food sat on the bar for over 20 minutes before served. Bartenders non responsive....will not go backcame here for the spice girls drag queen brunch and had so much fun! i personally came for the show and it was great... they definitely could have played more spice girls songs but for the price of the ticket it was worth it.
the ticket includes a brunch dish and a free drink. the drink was decent but the brunch was pretty awful BUT for the price of the ticket, i think it levels out. i got a cinnamon bun burger, my burger was way overcooked, my cinnamon buns were falling apart and my potatoes were ice cold but i didn't really expect punch line to be a 5 star restaurant so that's fair
all in all, i'd definitely come back here for a show but not for the foodI have now been to this comedy club twice.  I do like the high ceilings.  It really makes the place feel airy and not so confined like other comedy clubs.  I was able to find street parking and avoided the $20 cash only parking lots.  The drinks here are a little on the higher side.  Just as most comedy clubs, they require you to purchase a 2 item minimum per guest throughout the show.  The price of a bottled water or a soda is $5 each.  And the drinks prices just go up from there.  Both times I attended, I was seated pretty close to the stage, which was great.  The one thing that bugs me, is that the servers drop the checks and expect you to pay while the show is still going on.  So you miss the last few minutes of the show, which is really inconvenient.  Also, they make you give them a credit card up front when you order.  I prefer the way the Stress Factory handles the checks -- the servers crouch down low as they are taking orders as to not disturb the show and get in the way.  When the show is DONE, the servers drop the checks, and give you a PAID ticket once you pay, so you can exit.  It would be nice if PLP made this their new payment process.I'm new to the comedy scene but over the past two years I've grown to really enjoy a few Philly institutions. I've personally taken improv comedy classes at Philadelphia improv theater, I volunteered to run the box office there, I've gone to open mic night at the Raven lounge, and I've been to Punch Line Philly twice. Punch Line is only 2 years old but I'm happy to see it as a part of the city.
It's in a great part of the city with close bars just a few blocks away with my personal favorites being Garage and Barcade. It's also right next to the Fillmore concert venue. When you walk in to Punch Line Philly you'll see there's an outdoor area that's open during warmer weather and on the inside is a bar. The main seating area is quite large and the two times I've been here I've had great seats on the far right of the stage (close up) and to the back left of it.
*When it comes to the food I would be wary of two items.* First is the pretzel and cheese. It's $7 and Incredibly small. Next is the 6 dollar fried falafel. It's disgusting. It could be $1 and still not be worth it. They should take it off the menu. What I would recommend is the popcorn shrimp. For $12 you get a whole basket that's enough to fill a person.
For the most part the actual comedy acts are quite good. Well enough that I will recommend this place to others and I would come back for more shows. Two things that did bother me last time I was there was that the staff messed up my order and there was ketchup on my seat which smeared all over my phone. I'll take these as freak accidents and not hold it against them.
Overall I'm looking forward to my next visit to Punch Line Philly.This was the absolute worst comedy club experience...firstly, the bartenders were slow and not attentive. Secondly, there is a two drink minimum which doesn't include drinks you order before you sit down. Thirdly, the stand up was HORRIBLE!!!! Amateur as FCUK and cliche stupid liberal material from the early 2000s. Stay far away from punchline....Sasheer Zamata sucked - the most feminist, liberal, everything is racist my life is hard loser...avoidPhilly comedy has expanded with Punchline. I'm a huge fan of this room. The waitstaff is awesome and they make the shows  enjoyable by getting your food and drinks to you quickly. I have seen a few comics here and the talent they bring in is top notch. Food is good for a snack and keeps you full during the show. I love the area they placed this in, its technically Fishtown but less hipster.Got in early (40 min. Before showtime).  Quick service.  Good food and drinks.  Good layout for a comedy club.  Would be a better comedy venue if the ceilings were lower, but not every place can be a comedy cellar...What a great show last night 1/18 laughed all night..great experience and we got to sit right in front of the stage.Great talent, phenomenal service, good food (even some vegetarian options), and a fun casual atmosphere.   You can't go wrong with a night at Punch Line!Love this place, good food and good drinks. Always a fun time with funny shows. Worth the time and money to come here!!It's located right across the street from Sugarhouse Casino on a small side street that also has a restaurant, rock-n-bowl bowling alley and the The Filmore. The layout of the street reminds me of the city streets you see on a back lot movie studio tour. Very cool. Inside Punchline, it's warehouse-esque with a large bar and patio seating. In the comedy room most of the seating is not private unless you're with a large party. If you're a party of 2 you'll sit with other people. 
They have table service for drinks and food. The menu is small but adequate. Chicken fingers, fries and grilled chicken Caesar salad were fair though we really had no expectations for fine cuisine. The 3 comedians were excellent. Service was pretty good although our server visibly showed his dismay when we ordered diet sodas and not alcohol. I really can't understand why since they're $5 each, so we spent $30 on sodas instead of booze and we also ordered food.  
Overall it was a great night. Parking can be difficult. We parked at Sugarhouse and walked over which turned out to be very easy and convenient.Excellent food for a restaurant let alone a comedy club. Good prices and fast service. Great comedians all the time.Diva Drag Brunch! This was the most fun I've had in a long time. The drinks at the bar had a kick -- one drink was included in the admission price along with a light brunch menu of about eight selections, i.e. Eggs Benedict, Omelets, Cobb Salad, Grits and Shrimp  were a few. Our food came out timely, and everything was hot. The performances were awesome. I will go back to see a different show in the future.We had a terrific time last night at Punch Line.  It was for one of their Comedy Allstar line-ups, 4 local comedians & we really enjoyed each one!  My experience may differ from yours because I hosted a group of 13 people there, but I must say that everyone was laughing & having a good time.  
I love the set-up with tables & waitstaff service.  And the room is large but has a very intimate feel, no bad seats.  
Punch Line does require a two item minimum (must buy 2 drinks or 2 food items or combination of both).  We go to a lot of places, and I think the food & drink prices are in line.  The menu is pretty mainstream which makes sense, but remarkably good!  Many in my group were surprised, thinking Punch Line might be over-priced or not care about the food since its a requirement, but honestly its just the opposite.  
Looking for a night out & want some laughs?  Punch Line is a terrific option!  I'll definitely bring my group back again (and again!).  
note: if you're looking to get out, explore Philly, and meet new people, take a look at my profile for info about joining one of my Network of MeetUp Groups.  The link in my profile is for "Adventurous Foodies - Philadelphia" MeetUp group (free to join) -- hope to meet you soon!Fishtown is bustling with breweries, bars and concept restaurants, punchline is centrally located in the very heart of it all! 
We had tickets to a stand up show, and decided to arrive early and get a few drinks at the bar. The usher was super nice and we got seated shortly, we ordered the cheesesteak eggrolls and pretzel sticks and a carafe if the Moscow mule. The appetizers were forgettable and the mule was weak. 
I decided to stick with the Cabernet for the rest of the night. 
The stand up performer was decent and there were truly no bad seats in the venue. Unfortunately the women's bathroom was a mess, 2 of them were out of order and one was blocked, leaving just one functional restroom!Comedy club is excellent. Good reasonable food. Price of admittion is worth it. My only complaint is 20.00 dollars to park.This is a nice comedy club. It's fairly large and they have a big bar area when you first walk in. The bar area also opens up to an outdoor area that you can hangout at in the nice weather, while waiting for the show.I was there to celebrate Skeet Carter's birthday. I always enjoy myself when I go there. Lots of laughs and good food. Something for everyone. Great wait staff, good prices and fresh food. Skeet Carter is one of  the best host.Here to see Tommy Davidson, nice crowd for 945p show, prompt seating and prompt food/bar service.Came here last night. Yelp Elite Squad provided free tickets to see Really Funny Comedians Who Happen to be Women. I will review the comedy show and the food. 
1. Comedy show 3.5 stars
The host was very funny. Out of the 5 comedians, 2 were funny and making me laugh. The headliner Erica was hilarious.... very very funny. I actually enjoyed her act a lot. I would consider coming back to other comedy shows. 
2. The food 2.5 stars 
You must buy 2 items per person (can be food or alcohol). I should have gone with the alcohol but we just came off work and instead my boyfriend and I chose to eat. We ordered the hummus plate with veggies, Cesear salad, tacos and margarita pizza. Nothing was good or even decent for that matter. If you have a mandatory purchase with attendance, then you need to step up your food game. I felt so sick after eating it was a very uncomfortable feeling. 
- Hummus with veggies $9. Very small amount of hummus but I didn't care for the flavor at all so I didn't eat it. If I loved the hummus it wouldnt have been enough. Pita was stale. Veggies: raw zucchini and small tips of celery sticks.
- cesear salad: drenched in dressing 
- margarita pizza: served cold, not great
- tacos: didn't love the fish tacos, the veggie taco was nothing special. There is a yellow paste inside the tacos, not sure what it is. 
Would definitely not return for the food. However since it's mandatory to buy food/drinks here I will need to strongly consider attending a show before making my way back.Nice set up, food is prepared promptly, good comedians! This is my second time at Punch Line and I will return again. I also like that there is a bar in the waiting area if you arrive early.Nice bar, good drink/draft selection. Love the patio. Nice and cozy. Service was great but food was lackluster. Had a chicken flat bread and chicken tenders. Chicken was chewy. Would have sent it back but we needed to get to our show. It's a comedy club so I know the focus isnt on food but for $16 bucks for a flat bread, cmon.This is a good spot for a comedy show! I love the set up! Just know that the food is a little pricey and that you are required to get two items per person not per table. I made a mistake the first time that I came here for a comedy show and ate a cheesesteak for dinner before coming in. I was stuffed! Then I found out I had to buy two items so ended up getting a couple drinks. I do like that they have Moscow Mules and the Fish Tacos are decent. The staff is friendly as well.There is a two item per person minimum. We got a flatbread that was delicious and I forget the other app we got but the food was very tasty and the drink we had was well made. Our show was funny and enjoyable! 
The security could do a better job. There was a girl slapping her man across the face and physically abusing him. He looked high out of his mind and incoherent. Distracted from the opening act. Took them 15 min to realize this. Shouldn't have lasted more than 2 min in my opinion. It was that obvious.I went here for a show at 9:45pm featuring Mike Vecchione. Even at this time, there were still a lot of people in venue in and around Punch Line Philly. The staff were all nice and friendly. The venue itself was very intimate and small. I sat in a table of 6 near the right side of the stage. Anywhere you sat, you can see the stage clearly. 
In terms of food, I got popcorn shrimp as my appetizer. It was priced at $12, but there was a good amount so I had to take some home. The shrimp was small bite-sized and the sauce complemented well with it.
There was a minimum of 2 drinks we had to order, that could be non-alcoholic beverages as well. First one I got was their special cocktail for the night, which was a watermelon slush cocktail ($10). It came in a large cup and took the whole show to drink. I like sweet and fruity drinks, and this cocktail fit the bill so I was satisfied with the taste. The waitress came around near the end and told me I hadn't satisfied the 2 drink minimum and asked what else I wanted. I asked for a water bottle but I didn't expect $5 for it.
Overall, the show itself was pretty funny. This was my first comedy show so I didn't really know what I was expecting but the 2 opening acts and Mike Vecchione were entertaining. In the end, there was a chance to meet and take pictures with Mike Vecchione, which was a nice opportunity to convey our thoughts about the show. 
In summary, it was a great night with funny jokes, friendly staff, and decent yet somewhat overpriced food.Nice atmosphere good show and wings were good.  Will definitely come back.  Parking is questionable.I decided to check out this place during the week. As an aspiring part-time comedian I thought I would come out The Really Funny Comedians (Who Happen to be Women) comedy night. I believe this place is located in Fishtown (this area is definitely up and coming). I haven't been to Fishtown in years (since 2004 to be exact) and baby this entire place went under a major overhaul and makeover.   Fishtown....I know it's been a minute, but you looking good....the glow up is real.  Let's get down to the pros shall we....
pros:
-Located in an up and coming area
-Easily accessible by public transportation  (El -Girard stop and you can walk from there or take the 15 trolley)
-This place is huge (bigger than the Helium Comedy Club and Laugh House)
-The service and server was on point...it was like I ordered and abbacadabra my food appeared in just minutes
-The food was decent nothing to write home to mom about and the prices were reasonable 
-The portions were HUGE though
-The menu selection was moderate.
Cons:
-On street parking
-The french fries...weren't french fries, but more like battered french crisps?? battered french rounds???? Still not sure...it was okay.
Would I come here again?  Yes, I definitely would.  Either in the crowd or on the stage...let's just say I was inspired.Great place for comedy show! Good food & drinks! Lots of laughs here. Always a great time & nice night out!Saw Jeremy Piven do a show here back in the summer. Only general admission tickets were available but definitely not a bad thing. There's not a bad seat in the house. No matter where you sit, you're completely dialed in as the audience and the performer is close enough to interact with anyone. Look forward to coming back here for more shows!Great place for a few cocktails and a good comedy show. We've been here before and brought a few friends who have been back also.Punchline is a nice addition to the Philly comedy scene. We got 2 tickets for $15 on Groupon. The headliner was Brendan Walsh. There is a nice main bar right when you walk in. All the staff were very nice, food was decent as well. They also had a check in offer on Yelp for $5 off your bill. I would definitely come back if there was an act I was really interested in. Hopefully they can attract some big names.After checking out this venue multiple times I must say I was disappointed.  The comedy is great, and staff is friendly but service is S L O W. I attended both early & late shows and found the service to be slacking.
The ambiance is nice but the 2 drink minimum seems outdated. I had to look around and ask, is this a club. Instead of having a 2 item minimum, I have to get 2 drinks even if I order food? Wow. 
Both times I went, we waited over 30 min for a server to approach us. Then once we ordered, our beverages took a while to come. The service dropped them of hastily and replied, they went to the wrong table as she scurried off. To top it off, a few minutes before the show ended, I looked up & the server dropped a water off for me without verifying if that was my 2nd drink preference.  It was late. I was tired and my companion said don't worry about it. I was appalled by that tactic. I think the serve should have at least asked me what I desired to drink & not assume...After a rocky first visit to Punch Line (they were still ironing out the kinks from their recent opening), I wrote a Yelp review, to which Kelly responded. She offered complimentary tickets to my show of choice along with free drinks. She even altered the show I could see to match my request, which she did not have to do. I had a wonderful 2nd visit with excellent service and a really delicious called the Sucker Punch (and a very funny comedian to boot). I really appreciate the way in which my complaint was handled, and I'll absolutely visit Punch Line again.First time going here and saw Dulc. The venue was way bigger than I thought but still provided a very intimate setting regardless of where you sat.
We were off to the left side of you faced the stage but still have perfect line of sight to the comedian. The comedy was great and both the food/ drinks were reasonably priced.
Pending the comedian I would definitely come back!I saw Marlon Wayans here on 11/22. I paid $10 for a tiny glass of wine just for it to be served in a plastic cup. We waited a very long time for our food & it ended up coming towards the end of the show. I ordered a margarita next only because there is a two drink minimum. I never got the drink and received my bill before the drink! I reminded the server that we hadn't received our 2nd drinks and they still never came! The service here is extremely slow!So I'm giving this place a 3 based on experience. Recently went to see Dwayne Kennedy and it was my first time coming here, note, it was also my first time going to a comedy club so I don't have much to compare to. It's much bigger inside than I expected. Right when you walk in theres a bar to order drinks, but note, there is a 2 item minimum when watching a show or comedian and your drinks from the bar do not count towards you 2 item minimum. The bartender was nice enough to inform us of this, so we headed right in and sat at a table to order our drinks. At first, I was a little meh about the 2 item minimum, but I realized they had a full drink menu and food menu so it wasn't that bad at all. We got pretzels to share as an app, they only give you 2 pretzels and it was pretty pricey at $7 and change. We also ordered tacos for dinner and we were told you could mix and match tacos. We got the beef bulgogi, chicken and fish tacos. They were okay in terms of flavor, but nothing that blew my mind and again they were pretty pricey. The comedian was very funny and I like the atmosphere of the place, the tables are set up so whichever is your seat you'll be able to see the stage and it's large enough to hold a decent crowd but not too large where you lose the small crowd feel. Will likely return to see other shows after seeing their calendar but I'll likely stick to drinks for my 2 item minimum.This is my second visit to Punch Line Philly, as I was very pleased with my first experience.  I saw Annie Lederman back in November and really enjoyed the show, so I got my boyfriend tickets for Christmas.  We went last night to see Chris Porter.
The venue radiates warm vibes, from the dim lighting to the close set up of tables to encourage conversation.  There was colorful stage lighting illuminating the pipes on the wall in the shape of the Philly skyline.  We were seated at the end of a table next to two couples who did not seem to know each other.  This set up can be awkward for some, but with this welcoming environment it was very casual.  
The openers were funny, specifically enjoyed Chip Chantry.  The main act (Chris Porter) is hilarious!  I had not previously heard of him but I thought to give it a go.  He had an awkward sense of humor and played on his quirks perfectly.  
The wait staff was great and very attentive, refilling drinks and placing orders for several tables in a timely fashion.  We went with the Yards IPAs and a margarita pizza, which was delicious.  It had a garlicky crust and a pesto sauce with cheese and tomatoes.  Very good, would recommend as a snack for two.  I previously had the fries and soft pretzels on my last visit and those were also yummy snacks to share with one or a few others.  
 Very reasonable prices and the perfect place for a good laugh.  Will most definitely be back for some drinks, snacks, and fun with friends!Attended a drag show here and our family had an amazing time. The queens were fierce, the service was awesome and the atmosphere was very fun. However, the food Is TERRIBLE! Not one person in my group enjoyed their brunch. We had a blast but how do you mess up brunch? Lol though I would definitely pay the price anyway for the awesome show.Had a great time with friends! The show was great and the bartender was good. Servers were slow but the food was hot and tasty.This is an excellent venue for a comedy show. It's intimate, and wherever you sit is a good seat as you can easily see the stage. I've seen a number of comedy shows here and have not been disappointed yet. The food is also surprisingly good. This time we each had a Beyond Burger, and it was tasty!
I love the stage. There's a neon sculpture of the Philly skyline on the wall behind the stage. I'd love to have that in my living room! Service by the wait staff was also very good, with no need to wait too long for food or drinks. The only negative, is our server left a credit card back on the counter, and delivered the paid check without the card. We had to flag down another server to get it back, and he mentioned he'd seen the card sitting on the counter. Now that's not cool.
We were there for the Mike Vecchione show. As usual, the first comic wasn't very good. But they got better as the show wore on. David James was pretty good and Vecchione delivered!
I purchased reserved parking before the show, and I wouldn't do that again without calling the venue to ask where the lot is. The receipt that came from Live Nation did not include the address of the  parking lot! We drove around for 2 minutes looking for it and never found it, so I ended up parking somewhere else. I would make sure to call in advance to get the address. We called there to ask while looking, and I was put on hold a long time while I was driving around. After driving around for about 25 minutes looking for parking, I was pretty pissed. And didn't get the address of the parking lot until we were inside at the ticket window.They have decent talent and the layout of the venue is fine, but I have an issue with how they carry out their "two beverage minimum" policy.
Now I totally understand that venues have beverage minimums, which is fine. However, they aren't very clear or upfront about what orders qualify. They offer beer buckets, which come with 5 beers ($28-35 depending on what kind). I ordered a bucket for myself and my fianc.
Logically, you'd think that since we ordered 5 beverages for two people, that fulfills our 2 drink per patron minimum obligation right? Wrong.
Our server (who didn't say anything about this when I ordered), was adamant that the bucket only covers the beverage minimum for one person because it's only "one item" and that we had to order two more beverages or another bucket to fulfill the obligation. What kind of nonsense is this?
Reluctantly, I ordered two bottles of water for $5 each (the cheapest beverage on the menu). This kind of bait and switch is disgraceful, especially when we already each paid $30 just to get into the show.
Punchline, you need to make your policy clear and also train your wait staff to properly explain this to people BEFORE they order. Not after the fact. If we were told up front that the 5 beer bucket only covers one person (they really should have a note in the menu too), I would not have ordered the bucket but ordered 4 individual beers instead. Really stupid and petty. Not going back.My wife and I went in January to see David Arnold and had a great time.  I highly recommend paying a little extra and getting reserved seats as the wait for general admission is very long.  Having said that I don't think there is a bad seat in the house and you feel very close to the stage.  There is a two drink minimum and the prices are fair.  They have a decent craft beer selection and there are several breweries in the area.I actually came when i got a ticket from Yelp to see a show. I attended the 945pm Mike Vecchione show and was glad I came. 
Me and my boo were seated close to the stage and had a nice view and could hear everything so well. The staff were all friendly and the waitress we had was really quick with our drinks and food that we ordered. 
To my surprise the food was really good too! We ordered the chicken fingers and fries. I had the fried shrimp and my boo had the cheese steaks egg rolls. We also had drinks, I ended up getting the Czech beer which was a special and was around 5 bucks, which was a pretty decent price for a large can, and my date had a rum and coke. The drinks were tasty and the food was really fresh. 
When it came to the show- comedians, they were hilarious!! I never laughed so much!! Thanks to Yelp we had 2 free apps since me and my date are both Yelp Elites, and it saved us some money! 
Thank you Yelp Philly and Punch Line Philly for allowing me the chance to come see this comedy show! It was a great expereince.Been here a few times to watch some shows and each experience has been entertaining to say the least. The space is fairly large (can be expanded or made smaller depending on the crowd size) and the tables are spaced out nicely unlike some other comedy clubs in the city. The service is hit or miss depending on how busy the night is. There is a two drink minimum which used to be a two item minimum so keep that in mind when ordering. Food is pretty decent and they have a good selection of beer/wine. Definitely a fun night out!The show was great. Our waitress, however, wasn't. She definitely stole 20 dollars from me (she actually tryed to take all 74). I paid 74 dollars in cash, then someone paid 70 on their card, and then the rest on another card. The waitress came back with the credit charges, with no 74 cash deducted. Said she got 74 dollars in cash and that it was a "mistake". My friend went over to make sure she did it right and then she claimed she only got 54 dollars (ah, she confirmed prior she got 74 dollars so wtf happened). Obviously pocketed my 20, I gave her another 20 to just get the hell away from us. Wanted to ask for a manager but didn't. 
Check your checks and credit cards. Idk if we'll be back, ashame that one waitress ruined it for us ( I brought a specific amount so I know she lifted (stole) the 20 from us, it was so fun otherwise.It's nice having a comedy club in the neighborhood so I don't have to do the long haul to Center City. I have been here three times and have had a good time. The opening acts tend to be cringeworthy, but the headliners have been worth the wait. Like other comedy clubs, there is a two drink minimum - but you can get bottled water and soft drinks to meet the quota. A variety of snacks and a selection of decent beers to choose from. Check Groupon and Yelp for deals.Punchline is a welcome addition to Philly's comedy club scene. I've been there twice and seen a few very funny comedians. The place is intimate, with good sight lines from anywhere.
The problem is that there is a ridiculous 2 drink minimum and the service is extremely slow. If you order food you may end up not getting it until the show is almost over. They don't allow people inside early enough to get food at your seat before the show starts, although there is a separate bar you can order drinks from before the show. Last time I didn't even get to order my 2nd drink until the show was almost over, but I had to order it. Definitely eat before you go. The drinks are reasonably priced but not well made. Go to Punchline for the comedy, not for the food.I have come here many of times and have always had a good time however I took my wife on 8/2/19 to see Shawn Wayan and OMG I have never ever laughed so hard....it was the best time I had in a long time thanks punchline for keeping the great comics around...will be back again..Need to laugh your ass off? Head to Punchline! The venue is new, spacious yet intimate and the ticket prices are reasonable. Plus there's so much to do nearby. The drinks could've been wayyyy better, and there is a 2 drink minimum which is normal at comedy clubs. We went to see Affion Crockett and had the chance to meet him after the show, no red tape and no extra VIP charge, after we got roasted in the front row all night.This place was hella fun. I learned about a comedy event through the Yelp event section. I went with my sister. There's a bar inside and couple in the parade outside so pre-gaming was easy. It was ladies of comedy. The were four main acts an they all rocked. Each performance was longer and funnier than the other. The tickets are nicely priced but you required to order 2 items during the show. The cheapest option is 2 water bottles for 7$.This is an excellent venue for a comedy show. It's intimate, and wherever you sit is a good seat as you can easily see the stage. I've seen a number of comedy shows here and have but. Even disappointed yet. The food is also surprisingly good. This time we each had a Beyond Burger, and it was tasty!
I love the stage. There's a neon sculpture of the Philly skyline on the wall behind the stage. I'd love to have that in my living room! Service by the wait staff was also very good, with no need to wait too long for food or drinks. The only negative, is our server left a credit card back on the counter, and delivered the paid check without the card. We had to flag down another server to get it back, and he mentioned he'd seen the card sitting on the counter. Now that's not cool.
We were there for the Mike Vecchione show. As usual, the first comic wasn't very good. But they got better as the show wore on. David James was pretty good and Vecchione delivered!
I purchased reserved parking before the show, and I wouldn't do that again without calling the venue to ask where the lot is. The receipt that came from Live Nation did not include the address of the  parking lot! We drove around for 25 minutes looking for it and never found it, so I ended up parking somewhere else. I would make sure to call in advance to get the address. We called there to ask while looking, and I was put on hold a long time while I was driving around. After driving around for about 25 minutes looking for parking, I was pretty pissed. And I didn't get the address of the parking lot until we were inside at the ticket window.The venue is nice and large. The show was great but the host not so much. Prices are average. We got two carafes and met the minimum drink requirement. I thought the alcohol level was fine, not too strong or weak. What I did find annoying was the wait staff constantly walking back and forth during the show. They were trying to squeeze in between chairs and tables obstructing the view. Perhaps take orders at the beginning before the show starts and in between acts. Our waitress was pretty good. She came around to take orders, refresh, and leave bill. Not annoying at all. Bring cash to pay for parking.My first time at a comedy club and enjoyed the comedians immensely. There are options for the two drink minimum. We had general admission but because we were part of an early crowd we had excellent seats for the show. Food and drink service was good.Celebrated my friend's birthday at the Drag Diva Brunch last weekend and it was so great! We had three of the best drag queens in the city performing and my favorite comedy drag queen, Bev, as the host. They kept the entire audience engaged, which is tough because it is a bigger space. The numbers were on theme for the holidays and the show flowed effortlessly. Will definitely recommend this to anyone celebrating birthdays!!Not a fan. First time there and the funniest person was the host. Disappointing show for a New Years Eve nightDear Drag Diva Brunch,
I'm going to go ahead and presume the club pays you s---, if they pay you anything at all, and that most of what you divas take home come from tips. That's fine... No it's not, actually, the venue should be paying you what you're worth to begin with. But if that's the system we're working with, okay. But wasn't there supposed to be some, y'know, *entertainment* within all the diving for tips?
I was expecting to see a show, not thirty seconds of you on-stage lip-syncing followed by three to four minutes of you wandering the audience, lunging at proffered bills. The overall effect was 90 minutes watching a silhouette wander among the spectators, while piped music blares from the speakers. Interesting as a conceptual piece, but not what I was looking for.
(And yes, I tipped, frequently. This is not about the money.)
The irony is that when you girls were funny, you were FUNNY. Your interactions with the audience, whether or not they had paid for your "special packages" (again, more $$$), were great, your ad-libs were clever. And you all have great presence and personality. So why couldn't we get more of that? The show was slated to run 90 - 120 minutes, you stopped at precisely an hour and a half. You could have given us another thirty minutes sans busking and taken home the same amount. 
Your talents are obvious, you just need to get your act -- in all senses of the word -- together.
RESPONSE TO COURTNEY P.'s COMMENT (Below):
Courtney,
Thank you for writing back and for passing my observations on to the promoter. I appreciate that tipping is an integral part of the show. I hope, though, that the (very talented) performers will give consideration to the performance/tipping ratio and make some adjustments.
All best,
DanielBought tickets for a comedy show back in March.  The staff was friendly and the food was great. Drinks were a bit lacking though as we did get a couple that were not strong and/or not filled (e.g. 1/2 of the martini glass was empty **insert joke here about glass half full**).
The show itself was pretty good. A comedian I have never heard of but has had roles in quite a few movies and shows. All-in-all it was a very good experience that I would certainly try again.I really like the Punch Line venue. It's a great space with plenty of tables and not a bad seat in the house. The tables are a bit small so it's tough to have a party of 4 that all want to eat dinner. (Even more awkward if you're a two-some and seated with another two-some)
The food is just okay (I had a very doughy pizza and onion rings that were more like donuts than breaded onions but the drinks are good and reasonably priced for a venue like this. (we got a bucket of beers for $20)
Make sure you arrive early enough to get a drink before the show starts because the bar slows down.Well, I frequently come here to see various comedians.  The shows can be great to just ok depending on the comedian.  The one thing that's always consistent is the poor service.  They have a two drink minimum which is not an issue and getting your first drink is not an issue.  They get to you usually before the show starts.  However, it tee see Jesus forever to get another drink.  You rarely see your waitress, she does not come and check on you.  The drinks are not terribly over priced.  But last night I got a drink in the lobby/bar and it cost me 12 bucks. Just vodka on the rocks with lime. Inside the show it cost me 15 bucks fir the same.  My buddy got vodka tonic and was 12 bucks.  It's odd that mine was 3 bucks more without a mixer.  It's it like it was a heavier pour or anything.  It is what it is.  You're going for the show, just expect the poor service and getting ripped off.  Don't come here expecting to get drink, you'll never get enough drinks to do so.  If anything, you'll sober up.Nice addition to the neighborhood and definitely a place I'll check out more frequently.  I recently visited here on a Wednesday night for a Philly showcase show.  The cool thing about these showcase shows is that there are many different comedians, so if one isn't your style, they'll be getting off shortly and another will be on after.  I've been to a bunch of these showcase type shows, and I personally tend to like them because you get a taste from different comedians.  However, the main gripe with the showcase at Punch Line is that the comedians are not on stage long enough and there are too many.  I think each comedian had about 5min (or at least it felt that way) and that's not enough time for a comedian to thoughtfully deliver comedy.  I felt that it wasn't fair to the audience or the comedian themselves.
Granted it was a Wednesday night and nowhere near capacity, but still felt as though they could've made the show overall a bit better.  The venue itself is pretty awesome.  It's in the same little nook as the Fillmore/Foundry and the new Revolutions bowling alley / beer garden.  It's nice to see this area starting to have some more event spaces with some cool events going on consistently - hope this continues.  They have a nice outdoor patio up front, a cool bar when you enter and the actual comedy show room is huge.  There are restaurant-style tables scattered throughout with more intimate/private booths in the back.  It's good for a date, but just remember, you're at a comedy show so it's limited talking and you may be sitting with other people.
Overall, a solid place and I'll definitely check out the schedule and go to some more shows.  FYI, there is a 2-drink minimum, which is pretty standard across all the comedy shows I've been too, and it included non-alcoholic drinks.Here's my opener but it's no joke- skip the cocktails. I bought a carafe of the vodka version of a tequila sunrise. I wound up with what tasted like sunny d juice, $24 poorer and heartburn all night.
There is a two drink min but you can just sub with food. My suggestion on the food is the cheeseburger because the apps all looked like a 2 star at best. My cheeseburger was like something you'd have at a BBQ. Not bad. French fries weren't bad either. Nothing fancy, just something to eat and since you pretty much have to order something, it's worth the $. If you get a drink I'd stick with shots, beer, wine but def not the watered down mixed drinks. 
The inside is one of the better spots in Philly's comedy clubs. It was spacious with tables, some booths. The stage was in clear view and no problems hearing the acts. I thought the dj did a good job getting the place ready to enjoy the show. The venue itself was nice and a fun place with other food/drink nearby. I would def come back again since I had a great time. 
The staff seemed really cool about getting food and taking orders. Another thing I'd suggest is to arrive half hour before your show starts. There is a check in deal for $5 off $25.We came here for a drag show last night and were impressed!  The drinks were good and it was a very well organized event.  I wish the seating was a little more spread out and the traffic of servers during the show can be bothersome.What a good night with good friends. The venue is intimate. however the room can be expanded and also has VIP tables in the back. Our waiter was present all evening going table to table. All tabs were closed out prior to the end of the show so we were all able to exit when the lights came up. We saw Dulce Sloan. Her opening act was funny as she was too. The tables sit either 2, 4 or 6-8 from what I could see. General Admission is sat based on your party. I liked that they sit your party so people aren't just roaming around. I only had a water ($5), but my girls said the French fries and egg rolls were good. That pretzel roll, while I didn't get any feedback smelled amazing! 
There is a two drink minimum for alcoholic beverages. It seems they are currently transitioning from two item to two drink minimum so just check with your waiter if necessary.After hearing about the next up and coming comedy club in Philly, (and being from out of town) I decided to give it a shot. I happened to luckily being able to score some tickets for Chappelle!! I have to say, I wasn't expecting a lot from a new comedy club, knowing that any new business has to work out the trials and tribulations, but I have never had such a great experience!! I heard that their beer selection was amazing, but being also a whiskey fan, I was absolutely amazed by their selection!!! With such a friendly, and knowledgeable staff, I felt right at home!! I travel for work in the area, and I can say I would recommend anyone here for a great experience!! Not only was the show amazing (Chappelle will always kill it!) but to have such a great drink selection and friendly atmosphere is unheard of!! Thanks punch line, Philly! I will recommend all of my friends here!I really enjoy this place! Great spot for comedy. Also a good place to grab a drink or bite before a show at the Fillmore. Recently, I enjoyed a quizzo night here! The space was filled and there was good energy. We had drinks and I was glad to see one of my favorite ciders, Downeast, on the menu. Unfortunately the kitchen closed at 8ish, so we did not get to order food. This felt too early to me, given the event did not start until 7. We were also not given notice the kitchen was closing. Other than that, love the venue. Good drinks. Decent food. Friendly staff.I came for a Yelp Elite event with Mike Vecchione. This was my first time here and as such I was very excited to get the invitation for this event. The venue is right next to the patio area for Goose Island. Upon entering your ID is checked and you are given a stamp on your hand. There is a 2 drink minimum per person. But that can be fulfilled with soda not just alcohol. A hostess will walk you to your table. Most tables seat 4-8 people, so you will be sitting with other parties. The venue is small so there is no such thing as a bad seat. A waitress comes around to take everyone's order before and during the show. There were 2 opening acts and then Mike came out. All three comedians were very good and I was really entertained. The churros were delicious. All in all I had a lot of fun. And will definitely be returning here.