Great service, but most of all amazzzzing food! But make sure to come hinge cause their food sure is filling! The environment, as expected is also quite wonderful.We went here for drinks, not a huge drink menu but a cool atmosphere, take advantage of the outside seating if you can.Cool late night hang-out. My bf enjoyed his burger and beer... I had a weird drink and was ready to go to standard tap. Lots of out-door seating and trendy dance music... it's fun.The fries were really great. The service was pretty cool. The environment was cool. I went new years day. The scene is definitely trendy, young, "hip". All kinds of people, diversity-wise. 
The food - Ok - WHY do people not know how to season beef? The patty was tasteless. Also, I asked for welldone and got medium well. I don't care if I don't have civilized taste. I dont like pink meat PERIOD!
Also, my baby ordered a black and white and only got chocolate. There was clearly not any vanilla, and the person who made the drink claimed it was vanilla in there. So I dont know, she was dissappointed with that. But our waiter was really cool.Honestly, how can you not like PYT? Cheap beers, stuffed burgers, great pickles. I have eaten the grilled chicken sandwich and the white bean burger - both were amazing. Boyfriend got a burger which I don't remember but he loved it. Will definitely go back!P.Y.T is known for their crazy concoction burgers. Deep fried Ellios burger - deep fried pizza used as buns. Krispy Kreme burger - grilled donut as a bun with chocolate dipped bacon. Deep fried Twinkie burger - not as sweet as it sounds and was actually very tasty. These are just a few of the specials we've had. Actually my hubby always orders the special and I have a bite. The specials are a heart attack on a plate and I don't know how he eats it the entire thing. The crazy concoctions are cool and good to try but if you really examine the burger itself it's just ok. There's nothing special about the patty and all the other stuff they put on the burger just hides the burger itself. If you want to try a different type of burger than this is the place to go. If you want a really good burger don't expect that here.
Other than the weekly special burger, the other highlight of this place is their adult milkshakes. Yup you read that right - alcoholic milkshakes. They are out of this world amazing and take some time to make so order it as soon as you sit down. I've come here before just to have a milkshake on a nice day. The cookies and cream is a staple for me. The Butterfinger is my hubbys favorite. They usually have a milkshake special as well.Just waited 35 minutes for their bbq blu burger while there is only 5 other people in the restaurant. I work in the industry, im supper mellow and, i made a point to download the yelp app just inform everyone possible that the serice here is horrible and they treat their guests like they have a mental handy cap... With out a doubt i would never work or be a customer here.Always have been overpriced and arrogant. I've tried them 3 times now and I'm done trying. Also, $40 minimum on cards at the bar is insane.Was great when it first opened, then a bunch of hipsters overtook it. 
Horrible service. 
Clingly weight-staff that continually talks to you while you eat.
If you want a good burger save some money and go to Shake Shack in Center City.It's a good place. The food is somewhat decent, the service sucks pretty bad, but if you're looking for a night out with good drinks and some friends it's a fun time for sure. A favorite of my friends so I wind up there by default. Also, if you check in on FourSquare you get a free beer. Good stuff right there. Also, this place is SUPER hip. So be aware that if you're trying to avoid the Philadelphian hipsters, this is NOT the place to go.Really good, fun burgers. Taco burger was fantastic. The meat is very flavorful by itself, and mixed with seasonings, it was great. Buns for this burger were a hard taco filled with cheese, wrapped with a soft taco, and maybe fried? Then filled with tomato salsa, guac, and lettuce. Burgers come with a heap of seriously good waffle fries. We also got onion rings, which were super thick cut and very simple and good. 
Service is chill and can be slow. It's a relaxed hipster place, so not surprising. 
Prices aren't awful, but not very good. I can get a better quality beef burger at BurgerMonger for half the price. The draw-in for this place is the fun and new burgers each month, but be prepared to spend $10+ for a burger. 
Also first check-in gets you a free lager. Can't beat that!PYT Score: 15
Burger Quality: 3
Bun: 3
Fries: 3
Extras:  3
Value: 3
2 Sentence Review: Lots of burger options to choose from.  The only "wow" factor comes from the teens at the Piazza
------------------------------------------- 
How does Burger Einstein's rating system work? 
- Burgers are rated across 5 categories (see below) 
- Category scores can range from 0 to 5, with 5 being "Outstanding".   
- Total score (out of 25) is determined.  Scores above 20 earn 5 Stars (rare), between 16 and 20 gets 4 stars and so on 
Burger Einstein Categories 
1. Burger Quality: Good meat or Bubba Burger? 
2. Bun: Does it compliment the burger or overwhelm it?   
3. Fries: Do I accept the guilt or compare them to my Ex 
4. Extras: Wild card.  Could range from Cheese to bourbon to atmosphere 
5. Value: Burger cost relative to smiles (heavily influenced by how much bourbon I drink)YES! Finally a place that has specials on FourSquare. Your first check-in per day gets you a free pint of any beer on tap except Golden Monkey. Came here on halloween and they had the kracken and some flavored O vodka on promo. Neat place, but not enough seatings for people. The courtyard is pretty cool to watch games on the jumbotron and hang out. 
I think I'll need to come back at some point for some food. Saw a few dining tables on the side.I really wanted to love this place after hearing about the crazy burgers over a year ago. Well today, 1/3/15, I finally made a trip in during a visit from NY. My boyfriend and I decided to order a burger to share after reading previous reviews. Very glad we did. We ordered the $11 doh'nut cheeseburger. Disappointed is the best way to describe my experience. The soft sugary doughnut was good, but very small, and hardly stuffed with a "burger." It was more like someone had squeezed hamburger helper through the doughnut hole, gooey, slimy cheese. The fries were just okay.
One thing I'd like to highlight is that our server was perfectly fine. Didn't go above and beyond for us, but would you for a couple who are sharing 1 $11 burger? She did her job without an attitude so that was pleasant.Ok so this is after my second time being at PYT.  I'll do a small explanation of both times.
1st time - Late at night and it was dance party mode. I think they were playing beatles, rolling stones and something else.  The second room dance floor area was packed and we found a couple people to dance with.  I was happy they had Golden Monkey and just like other times I ended the night with the monkey, I woke up the next day thinking, why do I do these things to myself.  Still a pretty good time.
2nd time - Stopped in after work with the same friend for a quick burger.  I was suprised at the lack of frills of the burger.  It wasn't bad by any standards.  It actually reminds me of a burger that I make at home.  It had sharp cheddar on it, lettuce and tomato and some "special sauce" which didn't taste like much.  The patties seemed handmade and it was cooked to my liking.  I like potato rolls so I was a fan.  I thought chips on the side was an odd idea but it's not the first time I had seen it done.  For 8 bucks you can't really complain.  Paired up with a punkin ale and we have ourselves and inexpensive dinner and good conversation with our very nice waitress.
This place is pretty cool.  When I'm in the area, i'll pop in.Just got the Han Dynasty burger.  Definitely don't go by the picture for what you get.  Our burgers (there were 3 of us that all got the Handy Nasty) all had a tiny tiny dab of aioli and about 6 minuscule cucumber tips.  The flavors were all there but they really skimped on the toppings, making it all pretty dry.  About 2 bites had all of the flavors.  2 great bites out of about 12...PYT is a cool place overall. I visited on a fall day when it was quite lively. PYT had a great vibe, which was almost a fifties diner but slightly updated. The service took a little long with our food (understaffed much?) and the place was packed. So be prepared for a wait. I loved the outdoor seating with the firepits and I wish we had stayed outside, because the weather was perfectly cool to sit next to a fire for dinner.
The menu was inventive and full of fun options. I would be careful with some of the appetizers, though. My date and I had the Belgian waffle nachos... maybe I was expecting the wrong thing, but they did not sit well with me. Overall, my burger was solid, cooked to order and with good toppings (I didn't go crazy); I would definitely go back, especially to try the adult milkshakes (as the other person in my party was not 21 when I first went and they wouldn't serve me).I've heard a lot of hype about this place, but I can't say I was that impressed. The service was great, but my burger wasn't anything to write home about. My dining partner ordered a veggie burger that they had run out of, so they offered us the chance to order something else, or wait 20 minutes for them to prepare more. We opted to wait, and our server was attentive and apologized more than once. I asked for my burger to be cooked to medium, and good thing I did! There wasn't a drop of pinkness inside it, so if it was cooked any longer it would have certainly been overcooked for me. The burger was moist enough, and toppings were decent, but for the price you pay I was expecting something more. The fries were just ok. 
There's nothing bad I can say about this place, there's just nothing that great I can say.K So it goes like this.  I heard all about PYT and my girlfriend took me for my birthday.  The burgers themselves are great.  It was tasty and it came out how I asked (medium) the drinks were cold and strong.  Thats the good stuff
Now the bad
The service ain't  that great.  it was 9 of us and we had to send out a search party for out waitress.  my they forgot about my girlfriends burger.  They totally comped it so that was good.  But the place is puny.  Its plenty of seating outside but what about the winter.  Its like a bar and 3 booths with a couple of tables in the other room.  
In conclusion
PYT isn't that bad of a place.  The food is great but the service is sub par.  If you don't mind waiting I say give it a tryThe food was decent, but the service was AWFUL. We waited for over an hour for a table after being told it would be about 20 minutes. The waitress was rude, basically slammed our menus down and walked away. Didn't pay us a lot of attention after that. It took around 35 minutes for our food to come out after we ordered. I don't know, maybe the staff just didn't like us, but however they felt, it was obvious. Terrible experience- no wonder their menu claims they "never check Yelp"... Will NOT be going back.I would really love to love this place, because it's a great concept, but the execution is consistently abominable. 
- The wait times for each step of the process of ordering and eating are infuriatingly long. 
- The burgers sound good, but are often improperly cooked, and small for the price. 
- The waitstaff is mostly friendly, but the "culture" of the place seems a little too self-satisfiedly cool for its own good. 
The other day I ordered the special Han Dynasty inspired burger and it was cooked to death, brown inside and burned outside, and the "steamed" Chinese bun was literally crunchy and dry inside. I can see how it would have been excellent if done right, but Han should be pissed that they're putting his good name on such an ill-prepared item.
Worst of all nobody seems to care. 
This place is mostly crap, and there are plenty of other much better places to eat.Went here with co-workers for a work lunch on a Friday afternoon of Memorial Day weekend. Even though it was kind of windy out it was warm and nice so we were seated outside as requested at 1PM. What proceeded was some of the worst service and dining experiences I've ever had. It took about 15 - 20 mins for us to get the menus. While looking over the menu and waiting another 10 mins for our waitress to come back and take our orders, the bamboo covering the outside bar fell off behind us barely missing those sitting on that side of the table and then the wooden barrel with a bamboo pole holding up the strand of christmas lights blew over and light bulb glass broke everywhere. At this point we decided to move inside. While seated inside for another hour a waiter finally came over to apologize for the food saying that the kitchen was understaffed and that our food would be out shortly. While waiting we spotted some employees outside cleaning up the mess of the glass. They proceeded to re-erect the barrel and pole that fell over and tape it with duck tape to that it wouldn't fall over again...this seemed like a safety hazard to me as the wind continued throughout the night...
I ordered the Big **s Cobb Salad with Chicken as I do not eat red meat and non of my other options appealed to me. It was nothing to write home about and there was barely any chicken. We didn't leave the restaurant until about 3PM. It was all in all a bad experience and I think that will be my first and last time at PTY.This place sucks. If this wasn't located in the piazza it would be closed by now. The burger I ordered sucked, they don't do take out on the weekends (which is ridiculous considering its a burger joint for the most part) and the prices are off the charts. I understand that they have rent to pay but too much for my liking. With so many other places close by that offer better food you'd be better off getting takeout from them, bringing your own lawn chair and sitting outside and you'd have a better experience.I'll admit that the menu is just so enticing. Milkshakes spiked with booze. Just about any kind of burger you can think of. But PYT takes on a lot more than it can handle. It should probably stick to a smaller menu and not stuff so much into the burger or on top. 
I ordered the cheesesteak pretzel roll burger which isn't on the menu anymore so I guess my review is less useful. I enjoy a good pretzel bun and I'll have to say that it was probably my favorite part. 
My adult milkshake tasted more like alcohol than j was expecting but I'm a light weight so I'm sure most people love them. 
If you go to PYT, spend a little time in the piazza on a nice day. It's a gorgeous place for people watching and nice shops to visit.If you are looking for a good burger go elsewhere..this place is not worth the money or hassle. First, got seated and then ignored for twenty minutes. Received no silverware, napkins, and when we put in our order for drinks those did not come until another twenty mins. They ran out of certain food..she gave me the wrong drink..and then to top it off the wrong bill...we were also charged twice because of her giving us the wrong bill which was a move of pure stupidity. When I called back..the manager SARAH basically said 'oh this happens a lot..but sorry I can't release your wrongfully billed money to you' , so my wife and I had to sick our bank on them. NO LIBS is a terrible place for comfortable dining w/o hassle...DO NOT GO TO PYT!!!!!FIRST OFF:  If you sit outside, do NOT sit in the giant wind-tunnel that is the side-patio seating (where people can walk through the Piazza).  The wind is horrible and freezing and will cool everything down immediately.
The menu is really damn difficult to decide from due to the overwhelming amount of options.  It took our party almost an hour to decide!  I got some hotdog that was deefried with onion rings around it, someone else got the Gangnam Style burger.  
Great beer, ridiculously delicious options, don't sit in the wind tunnel.Went here with our Groupon- was pretty excited because BF and I love a good burger.  
Used our Yelp check in and got the free draft beer- can only be used for Miller High Life or Kenziger.
I got the Lobster burger and bf got the Korean.  They were ok- fine in fact.  However mine was pretty plain and I would have loved a little lettuce and tomato on top. Bread was great.  The meat just wasn't seasoned very much- the lobster was good but definitely no stars amongst.  His Korean was same, not very seasoned but the kimchee was good.
Also, had the cookies and cream adult milkshake which was amazing!  However at $10 a pop, can't say I would go back for one especially since the burgers were just fine.
Definitely busy place and they have outdoor seating but for me I wouldn't make the trek.I'm always on the look out for fun foodie road trips. When I happened upon this gem of a article.... http://www.avclub.com/philadelphia/articles/krispy-kreme-store-opening-burgers,55207/
"PYT's latest weekly novelty burger platter is a set of Krispy Kreme sliders, beef topped with chocolate-covered bacon"  
My friend and I jumped in the car drove the 3 hours from westchester county NY to Philly P.A. Knowing it could be a total bust we were happy that it was surprisingly good. I wouldn't be able to eat more then one slider. The salty bacon the sweet chocolate the beef and glaze really balanced each other out. PYT has a burger of the week and that week was to celebrate a Krispy Kreams coming to the neighborhood. If I lived closer I would definitely hit it up more often.I've been wanting to come here since I heard about the shakes, they were strong and very tasty, but one is probably enough.  Also, you must try the burgers, definitely not the best in the city (Village Whiskey), but a very good burger nonetheless.  I can't wait to come back and sit outside at the Piazza when the weather is nicer.The burgers are pretty good, but somewhat pricey for the size and that you have to order separate sides. It's in the new hot spot of Philly, the Piazza at the Schmidts. 
I enjoy their onion rings and their milk shakes are good too. Getting overrated though and I haven't been back since their popularity went up. But definitely a hot spot for friends and a good area.Fun night, good burger, slow service and great backbar!
Been looking forward to getting my grubby hands on a PYT burger! Overall it was a fun night with a good burger. Cons were slow service.
Ambiance: Suggestively funny pictures on the wall, nice playful atmosphere and some rocking tunes from all over the decades. Just fun!
Service: Amusing but incredibly slow and rather confused. Our fry order was lost / never taken to the kitchen... 
Food: Perfectly cooked burger. I love when I can say medium and it actually comes out medium! Usually it always comes out overcooked. Not a fan of the potato bun because it was just too soggy and didn't hold the burger together. The special sauce was definitely on point. 
Drinks: Didn't get to try the adultshakes but another time.. However, the backbar is great for the dollar drinks hour from 10-11pm. 
Fun place to hang out with friends, eat some grub, drink a few drinks and start out a good night! Can't wait to swing by in the summer.The burgers are decent but the service is questionnable at best.  The fact that they will automatically add a 20% gratuity to your bill is absolutely ridiculous.  
I won't be going back anytime soon...  what a joke!My boyfriend and I came here tonight to use the Groupon I had purchased.  My expectations were set high due to word of mouth of how good their burgers were.  Unfortunately, I was sadly let down. 
We walked in and decided to order take out.  We ordered the Fat Boy Monster and the Pistachio Crusted Lamb Burger from the bartender and waited at the bar for our order.  It was unnecessarily  loud because of the music the DJ was playing throughout the restaurant.  
We got our food and took it out into the Piazza to eat and to get away from the loud music.  First off, the fries weren't even warm, they were room temperature at best.  Almost like they were made 30 mins ago and left over from a previous order.  We also had completely different cuts of fries which made even less sense.  Secondly, my Lamb burger was cooked perfectly med rare, but the meat had absolutely no flavor!  The same goes for the Fat Boy burger, no seasoning in the least!  A little bit of salt and pepper would have gone a long way to bring out the flavors of the meat.  The condiments on the burger were ok but did nothing since the meat was completely bland.
As mentioned by others, I really wanted to like you PYT, but unfortunately it wasn't meant to be.  Their burgers are way more expensive then they need to be.  Also, I was shorted $2 when the bartender gave me change but didn't realize until later, and didn't feel like going back.  Probably won't return here again from this experience.  All in all, a waste of $22.Dear God, man--how have I not reviewed PYT yet? I've been here a bunch of times and have always had a good time. 
PYT has a pretty extensive burger menu, with specials that are sometimes pure genius. I've had a plain 'ol cheeseburger, which I thought was very good, and the special Handy Nasty (a collaboration with Han Dynasty burger). The latter was made from marinated pork belly (probably blended with beef) with dan dan noodle sauce and served on a steamed bao bun. It was really pretty amazing. They're also notorious for coming up with wacky ideas like the taco shell made of bacon (they literally latticed bacon into a taco shell). So whether your taste is staid, adventurous, or legit insane, they have something for everyone. 
The beer selection is just OK. They only have 4 or 5 taps, and half of them pour domestic mass production stuff. You can find the occasional good craft brew on tap, and they have a decent bottle selection too.  
Though others seemed to have had bad service experiences, I never have. I should note that I only ever sit at the bar, but every time I've been here, the bartenders have been very nice and attentive. 
Insider tip: For the past two years, PYT has opened on Christmas Day around 6pm or so. The kitchen is closed and there are no servers. They just serve up some cold drinks to anyone who needs to recover from a long holiday season, let you bring your own vinyl to play, and order Chinese food from Sang Kee that they give away for free to anyone who's hungry. This is possibly my favorite restaurant event of the year. The Piazza (indeed the city) is deserted that night, except for this twinkling lighthouse on the horizon. Not sure if they will continue to do this, but I lobby them to do so every year on facebook. 
Definitely a good spot and worth checking out.I consider myself a burger connoisseur. And am always on a quest for that perfect burger. Today, that journey has come to its end; PYT! An oozing 100% beef patty covered with cheddar and bacon with a giant pickle and fries.Loved the PYT burger. We had to wait about 30 minutes but the food and service was good. We got to enjoy free beers due to checking in at yelp as well!My rating originates from the following happenings:
* Quite hungry - what should we do...?
* Hey this place looks cool
* I'll just get something normal like a beef burger
* HOOOOLY SHATTERING DIGESTION VALVES I'M IN HEAVEN!!!!! NOM NOM NOM NOM BURP BURGASM BYE!!
Best burger I've had thus far on my trip through the States, and I've been a couple a places.Looking back at my previous reviews from 3 years ago, I know the restaurant has gone completely down hill since! The service is absolutely horrible. During my last, and I mean last ever, visit, there were 3 servers in a small section, and no one could get anyone's attention. The food also isn't what it used to be. Yes, their crazy burger concoctions may sound good, but are actually impractical and unappetizing. With so many better restaurants nearby, forget PYT.my burger came out w/ hair on it. and they dont have enough vegan options on the menu. for no libs thats surprising.  
they should make a soy milk shake too. - and also like actually send clean food out.The burgers are insaaane. Absolutely the best. I got the classic P.Y.T. burger (L,T, bacon, cheddar, special sauce +add jalapenos & onions). It came with a truckload of chips which I decided to smoosh on there as well. The fries I ordered had a delicious unique seasoning but were undercooked. My friends got the onion rings which were 5 stars delicious. Get those instead of the fries.
This place would get 5 stars if it weren't for a few things.
1.) waitress was super self conscious/drunk? Kept telling us how she "wasn't really a server, I'm really just a bartender"
2.) fries were mad undercooked
3.) service was kind of lacking/slow
I feel like whoever opened this place just hired all of their 20-something year old friends & said just be yourselves. But I guess that doesn't matter because the food is oh-so good.
Dear P.Y.T.,
pleeease work on your service & this place will be great.Horrible manager.  They refused to do takeout, even to vendors at the Brooklyn Flea outside their front door who couldn't leave their booths.  Staff members said that she didn't care about losing business.  Bizarre.  Stay away.Went for the first time today based on a friends recommendation.....disappointing!  The burgers were basic, they put one slice of bacon broken in half on the burger ad charge $10.50 for a "bacon burger".  The adult milkshake would've been awesome if it was a actual shake and not a glass of milk, and when asked can they thicken it gave a bunch of reasons why they couldn't fix it. Fries were not hot and the onion rings were just eeh. I will never return here, rather go to cheesecake factory for a real bacon cheeseburger and spiked shakeWe kept hearing how PYT had the best burgers in town and it's just not true.  There are several spots with better burgers like Good Dog, Village Whiskey, Royal Tavern and budget spots like Five Guys, Shake Shack, and BBP.  With that said, the burger is not bad.  Had their PYT burger and it was okay... It's just way too crowded and noisy and it's not really that great of an environment.Oh hipsterdom, how I ironically can't help but love thee. So these guys might seem intimidating when it comes to the Pitchfork message board, but the Piazza/Nolibs crowd sure knows how to run a resturant. My friend and I stopped into PYT on a Friday night. Since PYT is a combination resturant and bar that happens to be on the smaller side, the roar of the crowd felt a little chaotic and bothersome upon entry (though what are you gonna' do on a Friday night?).  We were promptly seeted and recieved some of the friendliest and exceptional service I have ever experienced. Our waiter was kind, honest, and willing to accomodate any need. I ordred a cheeseburger well-done with American and ketchup. I was impressed that they managed to burn my burger and keep it flavorful. I stole sips from my friends chocolate milkshake with home made whipped cream as well, very rich and tasty. The fries are these dinky things I've seen served elsewhere that could be a little crispier, but they didn't ruin my experience or anything. The whole aesthetic  is nice too, I really enjoyed their juke box, which offers everything from The Talking Heads to Celine Dion. I also noted a table for two that was Pac man arcade game. I wouldn't call PYT cheap, I payed fifteen dollars for my dinner. It's a nice treat though, especially on a summer night.The only thing saving this review from 2 or less stars was our server, Vini. He was awesome. Unfortunately, our medium HOF burgers were no where close to medium and took FOREVER to be served (I mean straight hockey puck man!) The place wasn't crowded at all for a Thursday night. We were so damn hungry by the time our food arrived that I didn't have it in me to complain blah blah blah. So, long story short...if you're looking for the "scene," eat here. If you want a delicious grub that doesn't take eternity to be served and is worth the $$$...there are other options.burger was juicy. i asked for medium well and it had abso no pink at all but it was tasty anyhow... great atmosphere, loved the mix of music. very fun atmosphereOnly had miller lite and played corn hole. Had a great time, food looked great but had previously ate. Will try again.Great food and good drink specials (don't get anything too fancy... bad experience ordering an Old Fashion..). Love this place for the most part. They have a different Burger of the Week which is usually pretty interesting. 
It's a great 1st date spot as well. Nice location, and a friendly staff.Automatically adding gratuity to a bill regardless of party size-- this place automatically looses all credibility in my eyes.Soooooooooo I'm not sure why people are so upset about this place but I have NEVER had any issues.  I've never heard about the 20% auto-tip but then again I've never paid out of pocket for this myself.  Also, I've never had an issure with the food....EVER.  It just makes me so happy to sit down and indulge my entire life away with one of these burgers and a milkshake.  
Recently tried the ?uestlove milkshake and it was probably the best bit of creamy goodness I've had in a LONG time (hey, hey, keep your minds out the gutter!).  I finished that way before my meal even showed up.  I've also had the Birthday Cake shake (you have to ask for it, It's not on the menu), and the Cookie Monster.  I have NEVER been disappointed.  They also load them with alcohol and who doesn't love that?!
I will admit that if it gets crowded, some of the waiters that don't have their light bulbs screwed in too well tend to slack, however, for the most part, many of the ones that I have had were pretty good.  They're also really down to earth and I think that's the atmostphere that they are going for.
Only thing I really don't care for is that the Krispy Kreme burger is now served as a set of minis and I don't think that you can get the full effect of it's goodness.  It's kinda like downsizing a shot......you really don't get it's full effect.  Now THAT'S a waste.I wish I could give this place ZERO stars.
I had been wanting to try a burger at PYT since it opened and finally went for dinner last night. I've heard some terrible things about PYT but I wanted to give it a try for myself.  What a mistake!
First of all the server was so rude. He had no recommendations, disappeared for 15 minute intervals and was not the least bit friendly or helpful.  When I asked him how the lobster burger was he said "it's lobster on a burger".  Duh... the menu said that... I wanted to know if he sold a lot of them, if he liked it, if it was popular etc...
I ordered a burger and an adult milkshake.  The milkshake was OK, not bad but not great.  The burger was supposed to be medium rare and came out well done. I never send food back but this time I made an exception.  When the waiter brought my new burger out it was medium well, again not what I ordered at all.  It was dry and tasteless so I only hate half of it and picked at the fries. The burger was very thin and was probably a 1 on a scale of 1- 10 which is HORRIBLE for a place that's supposed to specialize in burgers. I would rather have gotten a Quarter Pounder with Cheese at Burger King.  The worse part is that I got violently ill almost immediately after leaving PYT (2 block to be exact). I have no allergies to any food so I know it was something that the PYT kitchen served me.  I'm not sure if it was the meat or the sauce but whatever it was it caused me so much pain.
I can understand that things happen and people make mistakes so I always want to allow people to correct their mistakes.  I called PYT today to let them know about my experience and not only did the manager not seem to care at all she did nothing to rectify the situation (no reimbursement, no free milkshake with your next visit, etc).  Her apology was so insincere and her customer service skills were worse than the waiter I had at PYT the evening before.
DO NOT bother trying this place. The burgers are gross and I can make them better myself.  
If you want a good burger try Standard Tap or Fado.I've never written a yelp review before but our waitress Jenna had the best customer service I've ever recieved. it was my friends 22nd birthday and she was so excited about the FREE champagne. we had amazing food but what will be bringing us back for the next round of birthdays is Jenna's attitude!!! tip her well she deserves it!!!I finally gave in.
I was resisting PYT a little because any place that uses lingerie clad women covered in mayo in a poster puts me off a little, as does any place in Northern Liberties. I can't resist the promise of a good burger though and the Piazza has proved its worth to me before so I went.
It seemed a little unorganized when we first walked in. We were surrounded by tipsy NoLibs 20 or 30 somethings so I couldn't really tell who was a server and who wasn't. I occupied myself by putting some CCR on the jukebox. Thumbs up for free jukebox with some good tunes! (Well, mostly good tunes. Cher? Really?) We got seated pretty quickly though and our server was friendly. I tried to order avocados on my burger but was told they weren't ripe. I didn't know whether to be annoyed they didn't have them or happy they didn't serve me unripe avocado. Either way, I got a PYT burger and chocolate shake plus some fries to split.
The burger was very tasty! I especially love the bacon. I mean, it's hard to find bacon I won't love but this stuff was exceptional. The shake was also really good. The fries had good flavor but weren't nearly crisp enough. I don't like my fries to be limp like these were. Though I feel like if I asked for my fries extra crispy they'd be happy to accommodate.
After eating my friend and I decided to play a small prank on the now very drunk and loud people at the bar. We put Celine Dion's "My Heart Will Go On" on the jukebox. It was promptly turned off before getting to the chorus. :(
I also have to mention the bathrooms. There's one unisex bathroom which put me off a little when I first went it. But the stalls are like those in fancy hotels, each is its own little room with just a toilet. Mine was really gross, but I guess that's what happens when I'm using the same bathroom as guys who've had too many drinks.
Overall: great food, kinda high prices, annoying crowds, good service.In the words of Michael Jackson's aptly named song "PYT", "I Want To Love You (P.Y.T.) / Pretty Young Thing / You need some lovin' (T.L.C.) / Tender lovin' care / And I'll take you there...Hee-EE hee" 
I started by saying/singing that because as much as I want to love PYT, this place is not consistently up to par in terms of management and actual food service. I've come here multiple times and it's hit or miss, however it's always a miss in terms of service. This St. Paddy's Day 2011 was the worst experience by far.
My friend and I both ordered a medium PYT burger, her's no lettuce, mine with everything and tots on the side. Our food arrived 25 minutes later, however what she got was a well-done PYT burger, no lettuce, with a blond hair in it :( If I order your signature burger, why does it take ~30 minutes to get it? I mean yea, the burger is good but it's not that difficult of a burger to make.
So anyway our server, who mentioned that it was her first night there, took "it" away and 20 minutes later another well-done PYT burger, no lettuce, arrived. The Perez Hilton look-a-like manager (we even told him this to his face which he seemed pretty amused about), came over and apologized and offered us a free round of drinks. 5 mins go by, 10 mins go by, 20 mins go by and still no free drinks so I took that as maybe he wasn't that sorry. Never one to just give up, I complained once more and we eventually got our drinks. 
This place has so much potential and I like the concept, the vibe and most of the other patrons so much that I almost feel bad for that night going the way it did, but honestly I'm just disappointed that this place hasn't gotten it together by now. A little attention to detail and a lot of attention to customer service goes a long way!EH....liked the song much better.
The adult milkshake was definitely the highlight of my meal there....
I do like their outdoor space though. Would be a good spot for drinks, but I would skip the food.A little bit pricey for finger foods, it was good, but for four people another place would have done just fine. I ordered the Eggo Monte Cristo, but I didn't receive my order till almost everyone at the table was already done because it was dropped in the kitchen, the best part about it when I did finally get it, it wasn't even toasted/grilled, just slapped together... I did order some Beer Battered Onion Rings and there was only three, but I did also order the Birthday Cake Shake which was pretty good. All in all my experience was "ok", I think with dropping my food and not being able to enjoy it with the other people I was with kind of turned me off and to not even compensate for the time and the quality after I did receive cause me to take away another star. Maybe one day I will give them another try.I created a Yelp account just to write this review. After getting a glowing recommendation of this place, my husband and I looked forward to trying it for weeks. Tonight we finally did and were so far beyond disappointed, I don't quite have the words for it. I'll try, though. 
We arrived at 8:30 and were told it would be 30 min for a table. At 9:20 we were finally seated. Initially, they wanted to put us inside, but the noise was so intense I had to turn around and go back outside. Now, I'm used to load bar scenes -- hell, I just moved here from NYC -- but this place was louder than any restaurant, bar, movie, concert, or club I have ever been to. We ended up sitting outside, which was marginally better. However, the music was still ridiculous and made it just a miserable eating experience. I will never understand why people think "louder" equals "cooler." The sad thing was that mix was actually great, but it was too loud to enjoy. 
Food: my milkshake was terrific... I mean really, really good. Made me forget for a few minutes that my ears were bleeding. The burger was a huge letdown after that. Solidly mediocre. Fries were good, but the chips that you get if you don't ask for fries were gross. Maybe my waitress told me that they weren't real chips, but I couldn't hear her. 
Service: sub-par. I think we got a smile from our server once, but that was about it. Just like music doesn't have to be loud to be cool, neither do people have to be grouchy to be hipster.  She brought three burgers to four people and didn't think to add napkins to the one that was at the table. Then, the lid on the mustard squeeze-bottle wasn't on right when my husband tried to use it, and mustard got all over the table. When we pointed it out to the server, she fixed the bottle, but did nothing to help clean the spill -- not even give us extra napkins. 
In all, the food wasn't worth the trauma of eating there. I will never go back.Great food, great service, friendly and helpful staff.  Super creative burgers and don't miss the adult shakes.We were thoroughly pleased with the burgers. Im thinking this is more if a 3.5 star review :)
i got the pickle-back burger and my hubs got the bbq burger. We both opted for a pretzel bun. I had imagined it would come out toasted, glistened with fresh slather of butter and coarse sea salt, sadly it did not. It was thick, ehhh...chewy, not toasted but still satisfying....i guess?!
FYI Burgers are purchased from a distributor and not made in house. 
The onion rings were extremely oversized, maybe a bit too well done. But the waffle fries were spot on! 
Service was meh, nice....fair enough nothing spectacular. 
I must say, based on reviews, I just expected it to be a bit more refined, styled and clean. It just seemed slightly in disarray and we only got there around 130pm. The bathrooms were dirty and overflowing & menus extremely sticky; this is a pet peeve of mine. Just think of all the germs. Ehhhh. 
One big gripe - They didn't have their burger of the week - shrimp something or other- which is what my hubs really wanted to have. How can you market a weekly special and not have it available on a Saturday at 130pm!? Forreal 
I got my red meat fix. Sad I didn't indulge in a liquor'd up shake but wasn't sure if if be able to fit it all.  Always next time, if we ever make the trek to Philly again. 
IMO, I think it's worth a stop in purely based on the different burger concepts.So my friends from NYC [note: 1 was gay, 1 is a punk skater, 1 only listens to rap, 1 is just a fool] came down for memorial day weekend and after attending a Red Bull open bar type thing we decided to hobble over a few blocks to PYT at the behest of one of her coworkers. One of the best decision we could've made. I could write many things but I'll keep it short:
the back room is dancing heaven. high turnover rates but awesome music (dubstep, dancey, pop, rap, good shit). ghost world was playing in the background. $2 PBRs and $3 mixed drinks aka drink specials are BANGIN. shots were a bit pricey but that's cuz i love jameson.
If you don't know what to do on a saturday night, come here and get sweaty. the backroom's walls are velvet. need i say more?I came here on Saturday night with 3 other people. Little bit of a wait, no big deal. When we were being escorted to our table, one of the waitresses started yelling at us to "get out of the way". She was very rude. Would've gotten further with a simple "excuse me".
We ordered two appetizers, onion rings and cheesesteak waffle fries. Onion rings were good. They forgot the fries. Had to remind them. When brought out, they were regular fries because they were out of waffle fries. Had to wait almost 40 minutes for our burgers. None of us thought they were anything special. My buns were burnt big time, but I didn't want to wait another 40 minutes so I settled. Also ordered adult milkshakes which were very good. Our waitress left us stranded waiting for the check. Had to ask another worker. 
Food- not that great, service- pretty bad, adult shakes- only good thing about the place. Won't be going back.Why such a high rating??
I love the glazed donut with chocolate covered bacon top on a burger and waffle fries! The onion rings were huge!  My friend and I were satisfied.  She had the burger topped with blue cheese and bbq sauce. 
Next time I have to get a shake!I specifically signed up for yelp just to review this place because of how awful the customer service is.  I am re-reviewing it , because I've been there a couple more times, and not only is the customer service as bad as its always been, but now they add an automatic 20% gratuity to EVERYBODY's bill.  The staff is rude, thinks they're better than anybody that walks in there, and makes any patron feel like crap.  The staff doesn't even deserve a dime, let alone a 20% tip.  
Sad thing is, based on food alone, they'd get a 5, but their horrible excuse of customer service gives them the obligatory one star (yeah, i wanted to give zero stars, but that wasn't an option).
Advice for the owner, if u want to keep ur business, keep ur staff in lineThe adult shakes are amazing. The veggie burger sucked and the onion rings weren't as good as everyone says.  I guess that's what I get for ordering a veggie burger at a burger place.long story short: worst customer service ever and a burger joint who does not understand how to cook burgers to temps.  
we have gone a handful of times, mostly for the milkshakes (which are good - prob the only reason to ever go), but this time in particular for the burger of the week. now, the service has never been great. it's a burger joint so you can't expect much but i should at least be able to get my burger cooked to the temp i ordered. this isn't the first time it happened but it sure will be the last because i am not going back. third time ordering food there was definitely not the charm!
it took over 45 minutes to get a medium rare burger (without warning). after about 25 minutes we asked the bartender (where we ate because the wait was over an hour for a table) and he was like "oh i forgot to tell you the kitchen was backed up. we were going to cut off food service for a bit but they said they were caught up." YOU ARE A RESTAURANT! i have been in the business for over 8 years and know that it should take less than 15 minutes to cook a med rare burger.. and their patties are not that large. and when it's the only thing you really make, you should have it down to a system... i understand being busy but it really was not anymore. it was a thursday night after 9 PM. it had def died down and people were mostly drinking at this point. 
we finally asked for our food to go, which seems to have sat in the window for quite some time. the hash browns were so soggy and the burgers were med-well to well done. our walk is just upstairs so it's not like it could have cooked that much more in a to go container.
the best part - the manager just like stood there when we confronted the bartender about the wait. way to back up your employees and run your restaurant, coward.I stopped in on a Sunday evening around 5 to try the burger with a friend of mine.  There was a DJ playing music pretty loudly in a room off the main dining room/bar, nobody really dancing.  People were ordering shots and beers, I had Cokes.  
We both ordered PYT burgers.  For $8 I think the burger is a little small.  It's a good sized patty, but should cost 5 or 6.  Beef was tasty, cooked to the rarer side of medium rare.  
If PYT is challenging the Butcher and Singer burger, then I have to say that B&S wins hands down.I'll preface this review by saying that I'm not a burger person so I was surprised how much I enjoyed this place. Went on Sunday with some friends and ordered the turkey burger. It was great, and the waffle fries were delicious! Service was really slow, which was annoying, since it didn't appear to be that crowded.Are you ready for a rant?.... I have to get this off my chest.
Food: 3 stars
I guess "West Coast Style Burgers" means copy In 'N Out Burgers.  Anyone who has had In 'N Out would not object to PYT's burgers but probably wouldn't be very impressed.  I wasn't very impressed.
Service: 3.5 stars
Nothing special but still attentive and fast.  To the "Promoter" of the restaurant... I called him the PYT Mascot... Please stop dancing around.  You can't dance and no one wants to look at you.  You're arrogant.
Ambiance: 2.5 stars
The patio makes the restaurant 2-3 times as big.  The restaurant is desperate to encompass the California vibe but their furniture is ugly and their stained couches and kiddie pool are ridiculous.  The mechanical bull is a nice touch, though.  But when you realize that you are sitting blocks away from the I-95 and those notorious Northern Liberties hipsters are laughably mimicking what they envision as "California trendster", you start tripping out.  Its just a fake and lame vibe.
Price: 4 stars
Keep an eye out for the Group-On Discount
Locations: 2.5 stars
The Piazza is a joke.  I'm impressed that someone had a vision but when something is forced, there is no getting around it.  The Piazza is perfect if you are a rich post college student still living off Mom and Dad or a very young family (still not the best environment for a family).  There is no water, there is no cool breeze... its Northern Liberties.  The California theme fits in like a razor covered square peg in a round hole.
Overall: 2.5 stars
The food is alright. Nothing spectacular.  The price with the Group On is good.  The ambiance and people in the restaurant are SUPER TRY-HARDS and just pissed me off.  I will not go back.Decent burger ideas executed well.  A bit loud at times.  Friendly service and decent atmosphere.  Would like to see a little more mature version of this place pop up some where.I have to admit, the Calibunga burger is on my top 5 list of best veggie burgers in the world (get it fried.) But the "scene" at PYT just didn't impress me. I felt like the whole place was covered in a layer of dirt....i looked at my beer glass with a side eye, questioning how clean it was. The bathroom felt like the public one at the beach. I just think there is a way to do the whole California theme without ignoring common rules of cleanliness. With all that said, I would go back for a burger and just to people watch. Next time I will sit outside to avoid setting off my OCD.Ok the one star is for my yummy adult milkshake with rainbow jimmies. 
I wanted to like PYT but I just cant. I will never go back there again. The noise and clientele ruined it for me.I love this place!  The burger of the week is one of the things that keeps me coming in for food.  I like trying something new all the time, even if my friends think i'm nuts... perfect example the KRISPY KREME BURGER!  While some people think eating a burger with a bun that's a krispy kreme donut and bacon dipped in chocolate, i thought it was AMAZING! 
Also, The owner has fun days like "snow days" where there is open bar during the day, or he'll bring in his video game system and play with everyone.
The night parties are pretty good too & one of the best things are the bathroom stalls... almost never a wait!If you want to charge me $15 for a burger, I'm sorry, but there better be some meat on it. Especially, when we're talking about ground chuck. 
We had a nice time due to great service by Nakita. She was attentive, thoughtful, polite and knowledgeable. I was so happy to finally good service in a hipster area. She really knows whats up. I'm actually sorry that the food was so unjustifiably average for me... this pretty much guarantees no return visits.
The bragged about Brioche bun was too buttered and toasted for me to enjoy it as part of my burger.
All of the choices looked great, so we had difficulty deciding. We chose to have three and share. Nakita brought the first, the portabella mushroom burger, as an appetizer. 
My first instinct-- tiny, second, delicious. 
Next, we had the Monster Burger and Lobster Burger. The Monster Burger was piled at least 12 inches high. After taking the incredibly soggy, oil drenched onion rings off, the patties seemed to be 5 oz. I could not believe how tiny they were.  It was wildly disappointing that the big "brioche bun" and onion rings made this burger look huge but when you really get down to it, there is nothing there. 
The same, if not worse, goes for the Lobster Burger. I was not expecting a lobster tail. in fact, the lobster meat on the burger was fine. It was the burger again that was disappointing. Tasty due to an excess of salt, yes.
It was just too tiny for me to get excited about.Went to PYT with friends recently, heard that once you sit you wait for a while. That did come true. Got a round of waters. Waited. Got a round of beers. Waited. Ordered food. Waited. Finished beers. Waited.
Pretty much the slowest service. Employees were busy chatting with friends at other tables. The highlight of the night was watching this guy sitting there with his short sleeve button up shirt completely open and his leg up on his chair. Had to see it. Doucher, big time.
The food was amazing though, best grilled cheese i've had in a while...One of my consistently favorite places in Philly. Tried something new  today. The pickle back burger cooked perfectly and dual parts amazing and delicious. Had a tea drink with cola and I need to b on my front porch swing it's so good. Also the buffalo chicken fries are my new go to order. Cured the hangover and left me wanting moreWent there today for Brunch/Lunch and were greeted at the door with some really cool costumes.. (it is Halloween)  They took us to our seat and we were waited on by Minnie Mouse  Although Mickey had Offed her (Halloween) We ordered Bloody Mary's which were awesome, served with olives, a pickle and a slice of bacon! The taste was great too.  We shared a Cheese burger soup which tasted like a cheese burger, including lettuce, ketchup and mustard.  My Wife's Cobb Salad was huge and filled with lots of chicken, avocado, blue cheese etc....my Chicken sliders with beer battered onion rings were just right...fun atmosphere, very good food, well worth the tripWe had the doh nut burger (which was amazing) and the taco bun burger (which was just ok). We sat outside and the ambiance was amazing the little square that the restaurant is inside it super cool. The service was quite lacking we felt like we were ignored most of the time. Check this place out if you want to try something daring and delicious.I actually had really good service here unlike many other reviewers.  The server was friendly, refilled our water quite often, and we received our food in no time.  I ordered the vegetarian patty fried.  It was good, but kind of small. I was very disappointed in the sauce though.  It said it was a special onion sauce.  The sauce was mayo with onions in it.  I hate mayo, so I guess I should have asked before I ordered it.  I scraped it off and the burger was still good.  The basil flavor was nice. It came with chips, but I substituted fries cause I'm not a fan of chips.  The fries were strange. I'm not sure how I feel about them.  They had lots of salt and scallions on them.  Not bad, but at the same time, I'm not really sure if I was a fan. I thought about getting a milkshake, but the price was just way too steep.
      My boyfriend ordered the Korean Sparerib Burger.  He said the spicy mayo was not spicy as described, but it wasn't bad.  He liked the fries better than I did, but didn't love them.  He also described them as "interesting".  
     I do the range of choices on the menu, especially for vegetarians.  I don't like the fact though that the veggie burgers come with chips that the menu states aren't vegetarian.  You think they could offer something vegetarian with them.  I would go back, but I think I'd try something else and maybe get onion rings instead of fries.Came here for lunch for the first time with a friend this past Memorial Day (it was his first time as well) and I have to say, I was VERY happy with the food (I thoroughly enjoyed the cheesesteak pretzel roll burger--yes, you heard me, a burger topped with cheesesteak on a pretzel roll--and the fries that came with it) and the atmosphere was fun and eclectic (granted the music was a tad loud).  However, the service left just a bit to be desired that particular day; our waitress seemed to be a bit flighty, but fortunately for us, the manager came over various times in an attempt to improve the service she felt was inadequate.  That being said, the other waitstaff seemed to be handling the high volume of customers quite well, despite the rush that happened shortly after we arrived.  I later found out there was some Memorial Day pig roast/luau-type event going on so that could have been why.  
I would love to come back and try one of the "adult milkshakes," and although the Krispy Kreme burger (a burger sandwiched between two Krispy Kreme glazed donuts and topped with chocolate covered bacon) sounds enticing, I think I'll stick with my cheesesteak pretzel roll burger--just a note though, you probably won't be able to finish it in one sitting.I'm still going here all the time.  The burgers are not only delicious, but they're entertaining.
The expansion of the menu to include a variety of hot dogs is great.  
The addition of the krispy kreme burger (now as sliders) to the menu full time is even better.
Shakes are awesome.  Still some of the best fries in town. 
Things still holding it back from 5 stars: 
- a few times they've overcooked my burger, which pisses me off.
- automatic 20% gratuity is kinda weird.I got the PYT with fried onions and was very happy. Onion rings were delicious. Could have had another burger after though they weren't that big but thats just me being fat. Tried the cookie adult shake and it was so gooood. Staff was a little on the slow side but in general I was happy and would go back again.Sigh. 
I had a Groupon that was getting close to its expiration date so on a Saturday night the boyfriend and I made the trip to the Piazza. The place was packed, as expected. A Phillies game was on, it was warm out, so we knew what we were in for. Sort of. (Okay so admittedly, this experience is my fault for waiting until the last minute.) 
"How long is the wait for two people?"
"Oh, about an hour to an hour and a half."
LOLWUT.
Fine, we put our names on the list, thinking "There is no way on earth it would actually take that long!" 
Flash-forward to an hour and a half later: boyfriend's cell phone rings. It's PYT, asking if we're ready to be seated. We got up from one of the public tables and raced to the restaurant.
After we were seated inside we were a little pissed to see how many open tables there were - I guess instead of accommodating the many, many (oh, you know, two pages) of two-person parties, PYT was keeping its (empty) four- and six-top tables intact, I suppose should the need for such a large group arise.
Anyway, waitress was friendly and the food came out pretty quickly. The Philly Cheesesteak Pretzel Burger is good and I tried the Lobster Burger. Sounds a little strange but it is the bomb. The fries were done well.my "duck l'orange burger" was definitely lame.  Tasted like a turkey burger, an overcooked one.  But shit, I sure did look cool eating it!!So my first experience of PYT was not for eating, it was actually for a private party in the back room.  The party was great and after DJ Sammy Slice came in to finish up the night... drink specials were good.
My second experience with PYT was all about the food... I had been there before but never got to try these amazing burgers everyone was talking about.  So I made my mom, sister, and two friends go with me.  We came to the conclusion of this.... LOVE the burgers, perfect proportion, great flavor... GET THE ONION RINGS... amazing.  We were totally satisfied... the one thing that knocked off a star was the service... we kind of felt unwelcome... the server was a little uncomfortable. Other then that I would absolutely go back to eat again.If you want the best burger in Philadelphia.. PYT will meet your expectations. I am a huge fan, but I feel like I can only go once in awhile to preserve how great it is every time I do go! Great food, great beer selection (Golden Monkey on draft.. too nice) and best of all great food. Can't go wrong with this place. I'll definitely have to check their night life out sometime, but it can't be that bad. Very cool and hipster-ish spot, definitely recommend this place!I've been hearing great things about PYT for a few months, but due to scheduling conflicts (everytime I walked by it was closed.) I never got to give the burgers a test spin. I finally got a chance to stop by P.Y.T. with a few friends on Monday night.  I entered in the side door and was greeted then sat immediately.  The waitress immediately brought waters out and waited for the rest of the party to arrive (they were outside smoking) to take our drink order.  I have to say that there were only four beers on tap, Walt Wit, Kenzinger, High Life, and I think an IPA and there was no drink menu, so if they have bottles, I'm not aware of it.  There was a nice selection of food even for the vegetarians out there, but our party settled on Baby Burgers, a Cheeseburger, and Grilled Cheese.  We got a round of onion rings and french fries, which for three people, was plenty.  The menu was inaccurate which was irritating (the cheeseburger doesn't come with lettuce and tomato... I seriously cannot understand why restaurants do that), but the waitress pointed it out immediately, which was appreciated.
Now, the food was great.  My friends split the baby burgers and grilled cheese and refused to share either.  From what I hear, and from the lack of sharing, I understand they were top notch.  The cheeseburger was a solid, six dollar burger.  It's higher quality than a fast food burger, but not a gourmet burger and not something that is craveable specifically.  In other words, I'm not going to say, "I want a PYT burger." more like, "I could go to PYT or Five Guys or Carl's Jr/Hardee's for a burger."  However, what really sets the burger apart is its lack of greasyness which was much appreciated.  Like a gourmet cheeseburger, the meat did not soak through leaving the bread soggy.  I really enjoyed the burger and I'm glad (or maybe I shouldn't be) I can walk to it from my house.
As far as the onion rings go, they're not bad, I just wouldn't say they're the best I've ever eaten.  I ate two and they were over battered, soggy, and bland.  Call me weird, I look forward to the cooked onion part, but all the taste I got was similar to a heavy, grease-soaked tempura with onion in the middle.  The fries- they were just forgettable.  It's only two days since I've eaten them and all I can say is there were fries on the table, I ate some, but they probably weren't even seasoned.
Our table settled for some beers on tap, but those adult milkshakes are tempting.
If you're thinking about making a trip to PYT, it's worth the trip.  It's a neat place with an interesting design.  The prices are par with the food and the service is great.  I would even venture to say our waitress (and the rest of the staff) broke the "Northern Liberties code" by smiling and being friendly.  Despite the fact there seemed to be a lot of extra staff that stood around and talked, she was still attentive to our needs.
The only thing I would complain about is the fact avocados are an additional $2.  They ran out of them, maybe the steep price tag is a regional thing (I just moved to Philadelphia) but for that price I would hope I get an entire avocado on my burger.Love the inventive burgers and crunchy waffle fries here. I usually stick to one burger when I go someplace a few times. But at PYT, I always try something new and delicious.While PYT is an interesting and unique concept with a very creative menu, I'd still say it is extremely over-rated. I've been here a few times since it opened, trying so hard to make myself like it, and I never do. It's basically a diner, with a bar, serving over-priced food- and turns into a "club" after-hours. The weekend brunch is disappointing as well, being that there are about 3 things on the menu. If you come here past 8 on a Friday or Saturday, forget it. You can't move, rude people bump into you, hipsters sweat on you, bartenders ignore you, and it's an overall bad experience. 
The only decent thing about this place are the 'spiked' milkshakes. Although they are good, I still find them overpriced, maybe it's just me. The weird, almost cult-like crowd that flocks here is enough to keep me far, far away. I can see how many people would enjoy themselves here, but I guess I'm just not one of them.This place is the alcoholic love child of The Max from Saved by the Bell and the milkshake place from Pulp Fiction. 
Our server was engaging and funny, the burger hit the spot, and the piazza is a great spot for om nom nom noming & people watching.
The potato buns are fine, but since there are a few local bakeries in the area, it'd be nice to eventually have another option in the bread department.
Definitely going to come back to try an adultshake.I can still taste the burger and oreo milkshake I had there a few months ago. So good! Super loud though and the service was a bit much - a little over the top.I hate reviewing an establishment after one visit, so I held off after the first time.  P.Y.T. was simply hype for me, being the last restaurant to open in the Piazza.  Their casting call for staff seemed promising to weed out invalids.  I have now been to P.Y.T. twice, and most likely will try to stay away from now on.  Sure you can get a tasty burger here for $8 and a few other refurbished meals from your childhood.  But -catch 1- the burger is 4 oz., and -catch 2- you are not guaranteed to get exactly what you ordered because the service is, to say the least, loopy, which neglects my belief that a casting call might benefit a restaurant.  Anyway, back to the product.  With the size of the burgers they will most likely be medium well at least and if you desire a selection of more than 10 beers go to Swift Half or the Tap.  If you have to try the food I would recommend requesting Stephanie because she seemed to be on point in an otherwise lost group of servers.Alright, so I've been to this place twice before, but both times with groups of friends on a summer weekend night...those experiences were pretty good, but yesterday's experience requires a one-star rating.
I have NEVER had such poor service in my life! And I used to be a waitress, so I know how I am supposed to be treated. Like a few other people who rated PYT recently, I had a groupon that expires today, so on my way back from the shore for Memorial Day weekend, my husband and I decided to stop at PYT on the way home to use it. We also had our dog with us, which I didn't think would be a problem since I've seen several dogs in the Piazza before. 
When I asked the host how long it would take for a table in the shade (it was like 95 degrees yesterday), he said maybe 30 minutes. That's not too bad, so we decided to stick it out. We hung out in the shade, I gave my dog a bowl of water, and we patiently waited for them to call my cell, to tell me that our table was ready. The host eventually called me after about 45 minutes, to tell me that he didn't think a shaded table would be available any time soon since people have just been hanging out for hours and hours. He said there was a table that wasn't quite in the shade, but if we wanted to sit, he could set us up. The table had a little bit of shade, so I thought that was okay since we had our dog, and after all, we were hungry.
He sat us down and gave us menus, and quickly brought out waters for us, which was nice. He said that the servers were switching shifts right now, so we should expect a delay in service. Okay, that's fine...thanks for the warning. We didn't think the delay would be as long as it was. It was actually so long, that we ended up leaving without a server coming to see us! There was a table of 3 people right next to us that had their server come out a few times to check in on them, and the server was even talking about buying them shots on the house. Not once did he look at us, not even to tell us that someone would eventually come over to take our order, or even to refill our waters. HELLO PEOPLE, WE HAVE MONEY TO SPEND HERE TOO. 
Needless to say, it was an awful experience. I won't be going back there anytime soon.Hostess had an attitude, but that's normal. Right? Wait list when no one's around. Okay. Came back, avoided her and the experience got better. Ordered our food, it took a good 45 minutes to find its way to our table, but we already knew that. Feels like Spain. Waitress was cool and other customers were amusing or onto themselves. So sweet. All in all, the burger was good if charred. But I like charred.I figured I'd start my veggie burger hunt here... since my friend asked me to get some drinks today... The veggie burger is great... the pickle superb, the sauce - nicee .. everything was good... I would have preferred some more texture to it .. but the guy did tell me before to ask for it to be fried.. I didn't LOL but it was still good.. I am not a fan of beer. I don't drink it.. however I do try beer often ( different ones) to see if I find one that I may actually like.. I have yet to find one.. however being the day of all things green I always want to drink a green drink! LUCKY for me @ PYT I sat next to some girls who suggested I try to cider.. and they'd make it green for me =D that made me happy haha so I got my green alcoholic beverage and my nice veggie burger.. I am contentOK here goes...
I bought the greatest deal on earth from Groupon.  A burger and fries every day for a year for $140.  It was a no-brainer since I work pretty close to PYT.
I have been eating there pretty regularly since I bought it, but the last month or so I got tired of it. To me, there are a lot better burgers in Philly.
Today I went back and had lunch (and get my $140's worth). I asked for a burger without the bun.  I didn't want the to feel too full so I gave it a try...literally the first time I have done this.  
After it came out, I was second-guessing myself.  What did i just order?  What the...
To my surprise, the turkey burger was incredible.  It was the best experience I have had there.  Then it hit me!  It was the bun.  The bun is too dry.  Everything was fresh and delicious, but a burger isn't a burger without the bun.  So I thought!
I think that PYT would get better reviews if their buns weren't so dry.  The core ingredients are fantastic, but, in my humble opinion, their buns are just not gutting it.  I really think I would enjoy their burgers more if they had generic grocery store hamburger rolls.  Just my opinion!
I will still be there many times before the card expires and hopefully after that.  I hope the constructive criticism is well received.
Other than the bun, keep up the good work!Oh No!  PYT Closed?!  So Shocking!!  
I've been multiple times.  I guess I'm a glutton for punishment as the service was wretched each time I've been.  The food was okay but overpriced.
Going back to the service, allow me to elaborate.  I give a 20% tip just for the server showing up.  It's a tough job and I've been there.  For me to tip less than 20%, you have to really be a dope.  I think LeSean McCoy is a toolbag, but based on how I tipped PYT each time I went, there's no doubt in my mind the tip he gave was more than what was deserved.
A rude wait staff and condescending attitude is a recipe for a closed restaurant.  Put that on your new restaurant menu!Went here for dinner on a Wednesday night, but waited 20 minutes for our drinks and 20 more minutes for our meals. The table next to us (with four people) had their drinks and meals come out first and we were there 10 minutes before them and we only had 2 people in our party. The buffalo chicken burger is fried, but not as tasty as they describe, the fries could have come from McDonald's. The milkshake and onion rings were the best part of the meal. Our server was friendly, but not attentive.I absolutely love going here because of their crazy variety of food and milkshakes. I always get the Pickleback Burger, which I absolutely love and their french fries are always so good! Another reason I love this place is the atmosphere (more towards when I sit outside). Sometimes if you go at night, the music is way tooooo loud, but other then that I love PYT! Also, I was extremely upset when I left my wallet here because I thought that night I was going to buy the whole bar, but my waiter was nice enough to give it to the manager or whomever and they kept it for me until I came back the next morning to get it.Pretty good, didn't think I'd like the onion rings in comparison to the reviews here after one bite, but realized it's the seasoning or the lack there of that I take issue with not the rings which were really good and that's one of those foods that you can't season well after it's cooked so they were cool but not what I'd expected.
I really liked the burger but it was small, I ordered it well done and was glad to find they were able to cook it without burning it or drying it out. 
Only other complaint that myself and someone else with me both stated immediately after fininshing our food, is that we weren't full after we'd eaten! Given we'd shared the onion rings and was eating lunch really really late (like closer to dinner:)) I have to give them the benny and see what happens next time around. Oh also  had a couple fries of someone with us and they were pretty good as well.If I could give this place no stars I would.
I have been wanting to try this place for a while, since I love a great cheeseburger (South Philly Tap Room has the best). We went after the Night Market in N. Liberties (another mistake). 
Seated right away which was good, but that was the last good thing that happened. The beer list is mediocre so I tried an adult milkshake. It was ok, but not worth the price tag. The service is super slow and by the time we got our burgers, my bun was completely soaked with grease. Disgusting. The burgers themselves are not great, average at best. They just put a lot of toppings on a basic burger. Not impressed. 
Do yourself a favor and avoid this hipster hotspot and get a burger at SPTR.This is my favorite place in Philly, hands-down. I think the only thing they can improve on is the time it takes for the burgers to come out but the flavors make up for the wait BIG TIME. What is in that PYT sauce? Can I buy a bottle of that to go???Ate there yesterday and the burgers are honestly not that good.  If you are looking to have a 5000 calorie meal I would recommend going to fogo or chimas ... Service was also very poor.I hate the fact that the only reason I could not enjoy this place was because sooo many people raised my expectations so damn high. The place is super creative, that's just something you can't argue, but that's it. Everything else about the place is MEH. The service is almost-terrible, I mean you eventually get your food, straws, napkins, and etc. but darn, it takes long. The food is okay, but it honestly tastes like stuff that my frat brothers and me would have made after inducing some mind altering substances, took a trip to the local supermarket, and grabbed whatever grabbed our attention and threw it together ourselves. What I mean is, their ideas are incredible, but the execution lacks something because the flavor is just not great, at all. I have had better burgers at McDonald's, but it is what it is, original.I don't know where they get their burger inspiration from. I'm a burger and beer junkie. I recommend this place to a lot of my friends and co-workers who are just looking to relax, watch a game, enjoy a beer, and have a delicious meal.
Personally I like the live DJ's during the weekends.Two words: Adult Shakes. Delicious options. The burgers were great, but I was disappointed that there wasn't a falafel option for the non-meat eaters. The menu for the burgers is extensive, and pretty much covers all toppings that a person can imagine. Great late-night drunk  munchie location.Sometimes reading reviews doesn't give you the whole picture and you need try for yourself. That being said I heard more good things than bad about PYT and knew I had to try before making a decision. 
First let me start by saying the service I had was great. I was greeted at the door within a minute and seated very quickly. My waiter had menus in hand when he arrived and was helpful with the menu. Not rude or anything and let me and friend just hang out with no pressure to pay, which I like.
 I ordered the BBQ burger and onion rings. The burger was very tasty but the onion rings were too die for.The batter was the perfect combination lightness and full flavor. I wish I had a fryer at home so I could try and recreate them. For a Thursday afternoon the place was packed and it seemed to me that there weren't too many plates that weren't cleaned prior  to heading back. 
All in all in good burger place, good beers and eclectic crowd. I will return.Shark burger? Yessire!
This was my first time at PYT. I heard alot and had to check it out for myself. What better way to start than a shark burger during Shark Week?
The burger was pretty good, what was better than the burger was the avocado crema on it, I could drink that thing, no kidding. It was definitely lacking seasoning so I put some salt myself, which brought out the flavor! The fries and the tots were killer! I would order the tots over the fries anyday! Luckily my friend got the tots and I stole some of his :D The goldfishes on the fries were aaaadorable! So glad they used a brioche bun instead of the boring stuff.
Since I happened to have a fever, I did not order a adult shake, but I heard only good things about it. All in all, I was digging the outdoors and the indoors, our server and food runner, both were super friendly and nice. Not sure if I would eat a shark burger again, but I remember seeing a lobster and crab cake burger on the menu, will have to try it next time!After attending PYT with my fiance a few  days ago at the 2nd St. Festival. I felt I really had to post a revue of this place.
To be fair, let's start with the positives. The place itself is very hip looking, a cool place to take your better half or potential better half to show how hip you are. The burgers themselves are often creative, with odd and interesting ingredients and cute descriptions on the menus that made me smile more than once. The burger was very good overall and well cooked. I've also enjoy the Krispy-Kreme Sunday with a friend and enjoyed it immensely.
Now the bad, it took over 30 minutes to serve two burgers and  fries. Now you might want be tempted to say "but it was during a busy festival!", but this is the second time I experienced a long delay. The first being on a light traffic date with few customers. Looking over several other comments, it looks to be a trend that shouldn't be ignored by management.
My second issue was with the fries. Almost assuredly frozen and re-fried (the thicker, crumbly coating is usually a give away. I expect fresh-cut fries for the rather high price of the meal.
Lastly and most insultingly, PYT now includes a 20% tip by default on the bill. Not at the bottom as a suggestion for convenience, but as a line item in the main bill area and included by default in the total. Now I tend to tip at 17-20% as a standard, but you should NEVER include it in the bill for a party of two by default. My gut feeling is either they did so to A) compensate for non-tipping douch-bags or B) noticed a decline in tipping due to poor service. It sucks that I have ti penalize the wait staff (who are usually friendly and fast) because of a slow kitchen. But forcing a rather large tip on me by default was insulting.
So I won't be going back, there are too many other interesting places to eat in the area. A real shame, with some management changes this place could really be a gem.Went here in the summer so they had a lot of outdoor seating, which fits perfectly in with the other spots at The Piazza (which is awesome in itself). The inside has a fun, 50's-esqu atmosphere with plenty of light and good music. The waiters and bartenders were super nice and very attentive (and very fast with getting us our drinks, which was a main concern). A few of my friends ordered food and they said it was delicious! Definitely going back!!
I did notice a long line outside to get seating and they don't take reservations, so I would suggest getting there a bit earlier than you had planned.My first one star review. Was excited to try this place because I love the restaurants in the Piazza, but PYT was a disappointment. The service is extremely slow (food took over 40 minutes to reach table), the music is way too loud, and the food isn't really anything special. I got a burger subbed with a fried veggie patty and it was soggy and falling apart. Won't be back.First time here, sat at the bar, Jenn was awesome great service and drinks, ordered bbq blue burger and onion rings, ok burger, good flavor but very dry and onion rings were greasy.This place makes me feel funny. I have not has anything to eat or drink except beer.Beer that was not easy to get served by people missing brain cells.  I think the bathrooms are great. I think that the glittering octopus and taxidermy in the backroom are fantastic. Of course I want to try the vanilla bourbon milkshake and, as they say, the greatest onion rings ever. But I am terrified of most of the clientele and nearly all of the staff. Maybe I am getting old but I think this place is a stomping ground for creeps.The service was needlessly slow and generally inattentive. The food took too long and didn't live up to the menu's promise. It wasn't terrible by any stretch of the imagination, it just wasn't the greatest burger (or service) for my buck.After saying so many times to people 'hey lets go to PYT' over the year and totally forgetting to go half the time I finally ended up there with some buddies.  I'm not sure  how  crowded it typically gets at PYT on a tuesday night, but I'm guessing it's probably more than it was this night in the middle of a pretty large snow storm, regardless there were quite a few patrons enjoying drinks and meals besides us.  
I got myself a kenzinger and a PYT burger and enjoyed ever last bite, with special sauce. Yum, though I really think they need to add a little more bacon to it.  I tasted two of my buddies boozey milk shakes - which were awesome and extra boozey.  I wasn't feeling too adventurous on my first visit to PYT, (maybe all the snowbiking took it out of me?) which is odd for me, but I plan to go back sometime and order the craziest things on the menu just for shits.Dear PYT,
I love your cheese fries, wonderfully social bartenders (except for that one guy...), and most recently, your incredibly generous service to me: helping me carry my entirely unconscious friend home. She's alive. She made it. Couldn't have done it without you. No, really, I would've had to drag her by her feet were it not for you. I might have just left her on the sidewalk on Girard.
I've never had a problem with your service, though I do see a lot of reviews talking about that. I understand if it could get slow on crowded nights though, it does get packed. Anyhow, you have a great large menu, nice to see the adult milkshakes that are incredibly sweet and astonishingly heavy. Again, the cheeeese fries... oh wonderful fried goodness. Haven't had a burger, may try one someday. But mostly, it's the free PBR nights, trivia nights, and the perfectly comfortable sunday afternoon beer atmosphere that brings me back again and again. Stay good!
Your fan,
KI'm not sure that hipsters like food... it seems a little too mainstream for them because when we ordered ours it took effing forever.  They probably had to draw straws to contact a person wearing non-yeast infection causing pants to do their evil mainstream bidding. 
And with a restaurant full of open tables, they sit a couple on top of us so that we could all have the pleasure of enjoying each others' boring conversation. 
$45 later, we had pretty excellent shakes, but possibly the messiest burgers ever. They just slid off the bun and into a pool of Ketchup. 
I wasn't impressed really... I kinda felt like I was in a Fudruckers that hung out with the wrong crowd.Service is def below mediocre.  Burger is decent for sure, the bun is a whole nother story, and the milkshakes are a nice novelty, but I'm not coming back for more.
I was really hoping for a great burger joint, but compared to other options, especially Standard Tap (on 2nd St) and Sketch Burger (on Girard) there's nothing to pull me here.Tommy bring back the Filet Mignon burger!!!! This place kicks ass, i spend what seems like my entire life there...  great food, awesome atmosphere... you cant go wrong!!!!great location amazing food good beer selection - I have not had any of the issues with service others have mentioned. The grilled cheese is unreal!The first time I came here, we were told there was a 45 minute wait for two of us, despite more than a few empty tables. It was 9pm on a Friday and we were hungry, so we went to a place that had empty tables AND was willing to seat us.
The second time, we arrived in the early evening on a weeknight - my Groupon was expiring that day or the next so it needed to be used. We were seated immediately inside, where we could now stare at 100 pictures of people eating sloppy burgers. It was weird, but while we waited for service, which was as others have said a bit on the slow side, we entertained ourselves by making fun of them.
I ordered the white bean burger and Cookie Monster shake. The server went out of her way to remind me that the chips are not vegetarian, even though it says so on the menu. Nice touch for sure, and I'm not a vegetarian so non-vegetarian chips were OK by me.
The burger was delicious, though it fell apart a little more each time I took a bite, until I gave up and ate my poor ex-burger pile with my fork. The chips that came with a warning label? Pop chips. Yes, as in the bagged chips in your local neighborhood whatever store. I guess they throw them in burger grease to give them "edge"? I don't know. The shake was amazing.
Boyfriend got a real burger, and I took a bite. I didn't see fireworks, but it was better than most burgers in Philly.
I would go back at a non-peak time if I happened to be in the neighborhood and wasn't ridiculously hungry.as part of the piazza this place is great for people watching and drinks. actually had food here once and it was so-so. boyfriend enjoyed his burger. their adult milkshakes are a must. nice outdoor seatings. i like the hipster music. the back room w/ the dance floor, one word.....hotttttt....it gets really hot in there. we tried their pickle back shots....gave me the heebejeebies....you just got to try it....fun place, good hipster music.The roommate and I were in Philly for a concert, and I found this place on Yelp. It seemed like a pretty cool place to check out, and we were in the area, so we decided to stop in before our show. The restaurant was located in a cute little Piazza, and it was surrounded by other little businesses and apartment buildings. Upon arrival, the staff was very friendly and welcoming. We were given the option to sit indoors or outdoors. Since it was a grossly humid day, we chose to sit inside. Unfortunately, there was no air conditioning, so it was very warm inside the restaurant, and the sticky, outdoor air kept creeping up on us, but what could we do? That's summertime on the East Coast for you. Anyways, my roommate ordered the Pickleback Burger and the Sweet Tea cocktail. I figured that since I was in Philly of all places, I would order the Cheesesteak Pretzel Roll Burger, but they were all out of those, so I opted for the Lobster and Crab Burger. Both of our burgers came with seasoned waffle fries and a side of pickles. We enjoyed them, but we thought that the buns were a little too bready and fluffy (if that's even possible), but the burgers were good nonetheless. The place is a quaint little hipster-esque spot with unisex bathrooms, bright decor, and a fun menu. For those who are adventurous, they offer a burger that's served on a glazed donut bun. I was tempted to try it, but I wasn't feeling the sweet and salty combo at that point in time. My roommate says that she'll be back, but I'm not sure if I will be given all of the other places in Philadelphia that I have yet to try.Bad service, bad food, bad beer selection, bad liqour selection. Tried it a couple times. Never again, don't waste your timeWow, I can't believe I haven't reviewed PYT considering the number of times I've been here. Sitting outside here on a nice day is the bomb. And recently they've added even more picnic tables as well. 
Service is hit or miss. Sometimes I have a great server who is quick and consistent. Other times I'd rank it as the worst service in Philadelphia. But I think the atmosphere and the food make up for it. 
I appreciate the Champagne of Beers on tap. Decent price for a pitcher. The boozy milkshakes are a splurge in both calories, and price. Onion rings are excellent. I have had many of the burgers and have to say that the Cheesesteak Pretzel Roll is my fave BOTM (although it's now on the regular menu). 
Oh and it's super nice that a check-in here on Yelp or FourSquare nets you a free draft beer.I had only ever gone to PYT to get real drunk on beer and sweat it out dancing in the teeny tiny room towards the back, but I finally had an actual meal Cinco de Mayo weekend. People I know would always talk about how good the burgers were. Needless to say after I cleaned my plate (which I hardly ever do at restaurants), I'd say PYT didn't disappoint. I got one of the veggie burgers (can't remember which one) and it was delicious. I also tasted the milkshake my friend got (I believe it was a birthday cake one?) and that was lip-smacking good as well; and I'm not a milkshake person. I do miss the other part of this bar where you could dance, BUT the prices here are decent enough that I'll definitely go back for the food again.Burger was decent, milkshake was fab.  Not a huge fan of the inside atmosphere, and the wait was ridiculous.I've worked in Northern Liberties for almost 10 years before the "upswing" and the Piazza was built. I look at it sometimes as a bunch of guys in skinny jeans trying to be hip. 
I actually tried the restaurant because they had offered a "Group-on or Living Social" deal and figured why not. To me, if I was going to a bar PYT would be unique for its "adult milkshakes and drinks" but as far as burgers go it was good...-above average-...not great. I've had better burgers at Marathon Grill, 5 Guys and Red Robin Diners....for a lot less money. 
    I'm sorry but I am just thinking that they are trying to be so clever with a Krispy Kreme donut burger, Cool Ranch Doritos burger or adding bacon to a milkshake. 
Whoa you guys are crazy!!!!
On my visit my service was fair but a bacon-burger with fries, chocolate shake and onion rings shouldn't run you $24 for lunch. My server was ok-nothing special-it took a while for the food to come out (granted my burger was med. well).  I was finished my shake before it came out.
A guy wearing (you guessed it) skinny jeans, glasses and a derby hat was sitting at the counter working on menus when I left-no goodbye, comeback again nor did my server ask me how everything was. 
If I was younger and trying to be cool I guess I would have liked the place more but I value what I spend my money on now and if I didn't have that Group-on voucher I really would have been pissed.I wish I can give them 3.5 stars but I'll stick with 3.
I was originally hooked with this hipster-like place due to the Korean beef burger, the Banh Mi burger and then the Philly Cheesesteak Cheeseburger. I had their "regular" burgers before and some soup. Everything was pretty good. I enjoyed these "gourmet" burgers but the last time I was there, there was a curly HAIR IN MY FOOD. Definitely not my hair. The waitress took it away immediately and offered me a new one. I declined and she offered to buy me a drink of some sort, I don't consume alcohol so I was forced to decline. She offered a regular non-alcoholic drink and I was sort of annoyed by then because I kept telling her that it was fine, but I only brought it up so they can be more careful for future reference. She was mortified and I felt bad so I kept telling her that I'm not upset. The burger, or what I had of it, was delicious but I'm full and want to go home. In short, she gave me my meal for free and kept wondering why I didn't want a complimentary drink or something to make up for it.From what I hear about the service and unprofessional manner they treat customers and critics with, I'm utterly turned off by this place. Will never step foot in there.Photobooth! YAY!
Brought the kids here after a hot day of mini golf because they wanted burgers; their first time here and they enjoyed it.
We were seated in the back room which was nice only because we were the only ones in there.
I wanted the Buffalo Shrimp Burger $12 but they were out! T.T
Got the Buffalo Blue Cheese which was good but did not have much blue cheese taste.
The boyfriend had the Firebird Chicken Sriracha $13 that I took a bit out of but did not taste any Sriracha which was disappointed because I really like sriracha.
One thing I really liked was that they now serve waffle fries!Despite good food and some really unique burger and (adult) shake options, the service is so bad it should be avoided at all costs.  The waitresses are neglectful and rarely check on you, get your order wrong every time, and good luck when you're ready to leave cause you're never getting your check.  The hostess is just as effective, often turning customers away within 45min of closing time because "we have to get ready to close"...after 5 attempts here, I've vowed to never go back.  LeSean McCoy was totally right in his tip, if he had 1/2 the level of service we did, she deserved it!Best burgers, hands down.  I have tried about 10 different ones, plus hot dogs.  Everything is amazing....including the sides (def get the tots!)  Everything here is perfection from the staff to the food.  GO!I'll get the obvious criticism out of the way up front: I can't seem to recommend PYT to anybody without adding that the service stinks.  The place is trendy, busy, and has a fairly complex menu, but I always feel like I'm the last guy in the room to get my food, even if I'm one of the first to arrive.
That all said, this place is a treat.
The fact that this place gives you a free beer just for being a FourSquare member is a great way to start the meal.  The burger menu ranges from obvious (a standard double cheeseburger, a BBQ bacon blue cheese burger, etc.) to once-was-trendy-but-now-is-commonplace (the infamous Krispy Kreme burger) to their Burger of Week, which ranges from delicious to downright ridiculous.  Ever think you'd eat a hamburger made from kangaroo meat?  Neither did I.
The burgers are well-cooked, juicy, and delicious without being too greasy (with the exception of a Krispy Kreme burger, which should be banned in every state above the Mason-Dixon Line).  The fries are crispy and perfectly seasoned, heavy on the pepper.  The shakes are downright magical, and this is coming from somebody that doesn't even like milkshakes.  I haven't tried any of their non-burger options, but there are a few vegetarian choices that are made from equally-exotic ingredients as their cow-based counterparts.
Stay away from the special sauce if you're not a fan of mayonnaise.  That white stuff dripping all over the photos on the walls?  That's it.  It's basically mayonnaise with chunks of carmelized onion strewn about.  Good for some, but not for me.
The decor is cute at first, but ultimately, it's distracting after the initial one or two visits.  Start asking questions about the people pictured on the walls, and that distraction factor will probably multiply ten-fold.
The burgers are awesome, and the drinks are great... when you finally get them.  In their defense, the management is usually quick to help you out if you're in a bind, but they're not omnipresent.  They took away their reservation widget on the website, so you might be better off making for an early dinner on a non-peak night like Tuesday.
And speaking of the website, there doesn't seem to be any online way to check the Burger of the Week or rotating menu.Adult shakes. Enough said right there.
A friend and I popped in earlier in the week. We opted to sit outside and enjoy the summer temps and wind. PYT turned out to be a low-key place to catch up without feeling rushed out, though I'd assume that atmosphere changes when the Piazza hosts events.
She chose the veggie hot dog and raved about it. Since I had already eaten, I opted to try the Cookie Monster adult shake. Heaven, heaven, HEAVEN.
I also liked their bathrooms. That's probably an odd point to add, but they're different. Check them out.Never before have I been so compelled to take the time to write a review of any dining experience. 
I have ordered from PYT before, through GrubHub or Caviar and on each occasion, my order was screwed up, but not to the point where it was unacceptable, and in this case, inedible. 
First, two chicken sandwiches didn't come with the cheese wiz for the fries which is a $2 up charge. 
I asked for a chocolate shake, got a cup of room temperature vanilla milk. 
This is where it gets creepy. We also ordered the Burger Mini-Me's, which are basically sliders. I simply asked for there to be no PYT sauce or bleu cheese,  however, what I received was quite strange. A styrofoam box of waffle fries and 3 chunks of burgers tossed on top. There were no buns, just chunks of burger patties mixed with fries. Very strange. 
The only thing that came as described was the Cookie Monster shake, which sadly was also at room temperature by the time it was delivered. 
You broke my heart, PYT. You broke my heart.I have no idea what the heck their secret is. They're super creative with their burgers but I can't say that the burger by itself is all that impressive..yet somehow, this place is packed at any time of day or night and I really like it.
I'm a little less into the night time scene but they always have a great beer selection, good music and some sort of theme going on. 
I've gone for a pig roast, when they've had blown up kiddie pools, football games, corn hole, etc. They create a pretty awesome scene for the piazza. 
OH and the adult milkshakes. WOW. I can't actually drink a whole one by myself without having to lay down after but they are delicious! I recommend trying one. 
Basically, if you're in the piazza and looking for a good time with good(not great) food, come to PYT!Imagine my face when my friend told me there was a $140 Groupon for a burger and fries everyday for an entire year at PYT in Philly. March 2015 to March 2016 of free burgers- SWEET!
"This can't be true," I say. "Dude, it's for real- check it out!" my friend exclaims. Everything seems legit and I go ahead and buy the Groupon. 
I visit once a week or so because the food is decent enough to keep coming back and I might as well get my money's worth. All is cool. Until one random day last week, I arrive at the front door of PYT to find a pink piece of construction paper covered in terrible handwriting that says, "Gone to NYC to meet a girl LOL! See you in May!" Or something stupid like that.
Now, again, imagine my face when I realize I spent $140 on a year long Groupon that just decided to call it quits half way through. "Well surely, they must have sent an email... right?" I ask myself. As I check my email, it's confirmed PYT went rogue, grabbed their money and closed their doors on the few hundred people that bought the Groupon. 
Cons: Wasted $140, swindled by business
Pros: Got to say "I told you so" to my friend.Ok, that bourbon milkshake is sinfully delicious. One more star for you, PYT.This. Is. Not. Happening.  Went here with a group and was seriously disappointed.  I was looking forward to a good meal.  The hostess had major attitude, I couldn't tell you why.  The waitress was pleasant but why did it take 50 minutes to make a grilled cheese sandwich and a salad?  I think she forget to put the order in or something because the people who came in after us received their food in 12 minutes.  Really.  The food was meh at best and the French fries were lukewarm!  The chicken salad appeared to be a frozen chicken patty, of the Shur Fine variety.  I don't get it.  If you are charging $12 a burger, I can deal with it if the taste is great.  What a complete waste of an hour and a half.  Never again.Why the hype?
I came here with two colleagues. They split some decadent-sounding fries with blue cheese and bacon and chicken. I thought it would take all my willpower not to sneak a fry or two. But when they came out, they looked very "meh". My friends enjoyed them, but let's just say the fries lingered on the table for quite some time. Good, not great.
I ordered the Korean BBQ burger and I will say that it was delicious. I just ate the pattie, not the bun, but the bun looked really good--buttered and nicely toasted. However, my medium-rare came out rare (pink at the edges, red in the interior, cool center). This is not a problem for me, as I like rare meat and really just order medium-rare as a token concession to food safety, anyhow. Still and all, my burger wasn't cooked to temperature, which is a problem at a place that specializes in burgers.
Our waiter was amazing. He checked on us regularly and was seriously so nice and welcoming. That level of service is a big part of what would have me come back if I do. I don't know what was going on in the kitchen, though, because it seemed to take absolutely forever for our food to come out.
The burgers came with fries, and I asked for a side salad substitution. That cost an extra buck! This comes across as nickel-and-diming. My salad was fresh and tasty, though.
Oh, last gripe--the bathroom was dirty!
So all in all, if I were in the area and wanted a burger, or if I were with friends who wanted to come here, I would think this place acceptable although I might try to talk them into going elsewhere. It's overpriced, but aside from that the food is fine and the service is good. But I'm not understanding why it gets *so* much love in the Philly blogosphere. Is it just because of their stunt food like the Krispy Kreme burgers and the bacon taco shell? That makes me kind of sad.The best way to describe PYT is fun. The food is outrageous and the staff is friendly. You can always try something over the top which adds a little excitement to life. I would highly recommend for a fun night out.I have been wanting to try PYT for a while now, I've kept hearing great things. I never knew where the Piazza was, even though I frequent Liberties Walk, which is right next to it. 
Stumbled upon PYT while walking home one day, and my boyfriend and I were both starving. I was excited to finally eat there, and we even sat outside because it was finally a nice day out. He ordered the original PYT burger with onion rings, and I ordered a normal cheeseburger with the PYT "special sauce" added to it, with french fries. 
We waited for our food for a long time. Another couple who sat down 10 minutes after us, ordered after us, got their food before us. Turns out, they received our order. I suppose that's what happens when people other than your own waiter brings out your food.
I told our waiter about the mix-up and she told us we were right, and apologized. Asked if we wanted anything else, and the manager would definitely do something. I told her kindly that it wasn't her fault, and sure enough, we got 50% off our ending bill.
The food was actually delicious, the perfect portion size and great fries and onion rings. I'd definitely go back again, but won't go out of my way to go.Great brunch spot. I went with a party of 8 and not a single person had anything bad to say about their burger. Make sure you get one of their shakes. They are made very well and there is no way you can go here without having had one. If you're trying to go crazy , get a Jeffery. Pop rocks, energy drink, and alcohol? Yea it's that crazy.Came there on a Saturday Night and it was packed, not a problem! I asked for a seat for three, the person at the door said he would take care of it. After 30 minutes of waiting I ask another worker about the seating. She points to the hostess and do the 30 minutes was a waste of time. After reserving a seat they said it would take another 30-40 minutes. An hour later, we ask the hostess how much longer. Apparently asking how long the tables will take will get you kicked out of the place. 
Cons: everything. The workers are rude and obnoxious. I called the place to speak to a manager and they said he wasn't available. I called 10 times throughout the night, it's a horrible establishment. Place is run down .Great burgers! It's a little cold in here so make sure the bring a sweater when going.There are a few good burger places in the city so when I first went to PYT and had there PYT burger (since they didn't have any special ones yet) it was made the way I like it; medium rare.  All other burger places make it well done...bleh.  The staff is fun and attentive...though if you are on the go...this may not be your spot as the waiters/waitresses don't rush you at all.  If you make it on the weekend evening, the music is normally spot on and the girls are always looking good.  If burgers and music aren't your thing you definitely have to stop in just for an adult milkshake.  This place is overall a good time!too bad about all the ppl who say they got bad service and wrong orders. i did not. i had a nice server, a delicious white bean burger, and didnt even have to wait! it was a weeknight though.Well, most of these reviews are pretty accurate.  This place is run by lazy hipsters and the food is mediocre.  
They had our party of five, two of whom were obviously pregnant, wait for seating for 45 minutes on a Wednesday evening, while they sat dozens ahead of us.  
The food is no better than five guys.  I'd rather go to 500 degrees on Sansom any day to get better food and service in a quarter of the time that you'll wait at PYT.  
It's also a turn off when I see the wait staff smoking directly in front of a restaurant, which several were doing here.Visited pyt on a regular basis throughout the years and I'm kind of sad how this place had become today! ;(
Came to pyt in August for a friend of mine bday lunch come to find that the WHOLE menu has completely changed! Noooooo!!! No more pyt dogs!
No more chicken burgers!!
No more regular fries! 
Alot of other things are gone as well! I had to settle for a pyt burger that was eeh, with
waffle fries now those were actually pretty good with chilli and cheese probly the only thing I would order now from pyt being as tho they took all of my faves OFF the menu! 
Anywho thanks for the complimentary bday bottle of champagne!after hearing a lot of hype on this place, i decided to check it out for an eagles game (bc according to all the email and fb messages, the piazza is THE PLACE TO BE for sunday funday) fine. i went. 
when we walked in we were told to sit wherever but since there was only one table left, our selection was easy. we sat down and waited. and waited. aaand waited s'more. finally we flagged someone down. i was reallly craving a bloody mary to get me started before i inevitably spent the day drinking beer cheering on the birds! after ordering our drinks we waited at least 10 mins before our server came back only to inform us that they didn't have any bloody marys. ok. i was about to tell her that i'd just take a beer instead when she ran away. so we were left waiting, again. as we waited, i looked around. the game was well into the second quarter and yet the volume on the tv was at a whisper and only two people in the whole place even seemed to be paying attention to it. our table was at an odd angle to see the game anyway, and my limited vision was blocked every time a server/patron walked by. after asessing the situation and because we had been there for at least 15 minutes with no drink we decided to bounce. 
shame too bc i was really looking forward to trying some fancy style junk food and possibly an adult shake for dessert. also, i just wanted to ask. why does the world effing champion burger use venison from texas with foie gras and truffles, etc etc. i dont know, that just seems sooo not what philly is about. shrug.This place is a beautiful mess.  Burgers, onion rings, deejays, drunk belligerents, cokeheads, thugs, old friends I run into on the patio, secret dance club through the bathrooms, bourbon milkshakes!  What more do you want Philadelphia?
I give it six months.We waited an hour for our food. 1 crying baby, 1 very cranky teenager and 2 melted milkshakes later we received salty over poked food. I understand it's a holiday but it's still dinner time. It's not worth it. I left disappointed and with a belly ache. The wait Staff was great so it's a shame their quirky fun menu doesn't pan out.PYT is the kind of place that lures you in with the novelty. Everytime I come here I assume I'm going to have an awesome meal, something crazy, and in the end, it usually falls short... 2.5 stars is more like it....
What to avoid:
The buffalo chicken slicers on waffle fries - should be called buffalo bites, also a ridiculous $12 for 4 small bites.
The philly cheese steak fries = $12 for fries is pretty ridiculous, so I assumed they would be layered in steak and cheese since they cost as much as a burger...wrong! Barely any meat and the whole bottom half had no cheese at all!
Possibly:
The regular burgers - decent burgers, but nothing you can't get anywhere else. 
The chicken ranch bacon burger - again nothing out of this world, but good flavor
The birthday adult milkshake - this is a beautiful novelty item if you have a birthday here, a full cupcake on a shake with a lit candle. The shake was just ok, the cupcake tasted like it was a day old from shoprite. The presentation is fabulous though, especially if you are on a date.
I think the ambiance is cool here, the outside seating in the summer is great to hang out in the piazza and people watch with some pricey fries and a drink. They play decent music as well, just know that if it's awesome food you are going after, this is probably not the spot. For that extra star, I definitely need lower prices or better taste.Ugh.  Overrated crap.
If I wanted to eat a lousy burger & be amongst the hipsters I'd go to the McDonalds on Girard Ave.
I will admit I like the whole atmosphere at the Piazza, and PYT is a relatively inexpensive way to enjoy a nice night.  The fact that they have Victory on tap is worth one star alone to me.  
But the food just isn't that good.  My favorite part about the meal was my spicy pickle.  And I am not wild about a 20% added gratuity for everyone, although we did get good service  so I did not mind in this particular instance.  
I will probably be back if one of my little hipster pals insists, but I certainly wouldn't recommend it.I want to love P.Y.T, but it is just not meant to be if they keep treating customers like they don't really need them.
The burger joint at The Piazza at Schmidt's is one of the only original tenants left at the hipster haven. 
Positives: 
- the outdoor atmosphere is cool. they have great seating for groups, plus a large bean bag type thing for lounging. during large events, their outdoor bar is hopping. 
- the food is decent- not the best burger in philly, but they have a lot of variations and some delicious milkshakes to boot. 
- they currently have a foursquare promotion that offers a free draft beer upon checking in- no mayorship required!
- their beer selection is on par with other local joints- not just coors and miller on tap.
Negatives- or rather, NEGATIVE: their service is TERRIBLE. the don't accept reservations and the hosts/hostesses and waitstaff vary in capability. there's a general "too cool for school" attitude with the service and the managers must know- they automatically add 18% gratuity to every bill to compensate for sub par customer service.
I've been to P.Y.T. on multiple occasions, but my most recent trip drove me to write this review:
Monday, around 8pm- the restaurant is full outside, half full inside. My party (only 2 of us, mind you) asked to be seated outdoors- to which the host said there was a 20 minute wait, we could either sit inside or he'd come find us at the bar. Fine, awesome- we head to the bar.
45 minutes later, after watching two girls get seated outside, I asked the host what the deal was. He apologized, saying we had to wait longer- "people linger, ya know?" Which is fine and dandy, if I hadn't seen the other couple sit down (who were not in line before us). Finally, the hostess steps in and take my name down- shouldn't that have happened from the start?! My partner decides he's too hungry, so the host seats us at the couch- along with 5 other strangers. 
After 5 minutes of awkwardly chatting with some of our couch neighbors, we see a table open up and no line for it. My partner goes and asks the host if we could have it- there is no line and we haven't even seen a waitress yet. Nope. Host says too late, we sat down at the couch. Nevermind that we're approaching an hour long wait at this point . . . and that was the point when we said bye, you obviously don't need our business.
Instead, we went to King's Oak and had a delicious dinner with great service and an awesome beer selection.Good burgers and delicious food make PYT the place to be.  Especially during the spring and summer with their cozy outdoor seating.  It can get a bit crowded, but the food and atmosphere and friendly staff make it worth it.  Adult milkshakes are to die for.It's March. You know what that means? My New Years Resolution of "shedding 15 lbs" is but a fleeting thought. And PYT takes a cannon and shoots any remnants of that thought to hell. 
There's seriously only one semi-healthy thing on this menu (i.e. read: generic salad). Everything else (even the vegetarian friendly food) has some fried element, dipped in cheese, wrapped in bacon, or sublimely alcoholic. I mean hell, they make their own version of "Four Loko" (i.e. red bull + 3 different types of flavored alcohol).
Service is slow but pierced in all the right places; food is greasy but perfect for curing hang-overs; ambiance is less than charming-- but who doesn't like the No Libs crowd? Not to mention a menu of "alcoholic milkshakes" whose descriptions is something my 7 year old niece would create. I'll tell you who hates this place. Thin people. Chubsters like moi patiently sip on their "Vacation Sex" mixed drink and politely wait for their plate of material to clog their arteries.Until yesterday, PYT was high up on the list of  "Oh Yeah, We Should Go There Sometime" establishments- someplace you're curious about, but when decision time comes, you skip it in favor of getting a table at Silk City or North 3rd. (Well, that's if you're me)
I finally gave into the temptation of the Pretty Young Thing last night, and thoroughly enjoyed it. It was a great day for outdoor seating, so we took advantage of that. The menu, while not exactly priced on the low side, did make deciding a difficult endeavor. (It was worth it to go during happy hour... half priced Kenzinger and Golden Monkey hit the spot)
I eventually went with the BBQ burger. I was immediately struck by the smokiness of it and the tanginess of the sauce... both of which are good things in my book. The onion rings were a nice touch as well.
Since we couldn't in good conscience review this place without trying an alcoholic milkshake (I love just typing that), my gf and I split one. To paraphrase a famous movie, I don't know if it was worth $10 but it was pretty f***ing good.
Thanks to our server, Natalie, who made the night extra pleasant and was very helpful.First time here last night. Was seated  right away, which was nice. However the service left a lot to be desired. Our server was nice and everything, but slow. We waited about 10-15 minutes for our initial drink order. Then the app took another 10-12 minutes, and then our entry took at least 15 minutes. I've worked in the business, and I know it doesn't take that long to make a medium rare and medium well burger. 
Food was good, though. 
They need to speed it up!Yikes!  Stay away from this place.  Stay far away!  If you must go, don't.  If you really must go, only go during the light of day, order to-go and eat your burger in the deserted Piazza.  This place is a shame, a real shame.  The whole Piazza is a huge failure and this place just adds to the failure. 
The service is awful.  The servers are crooks.  The atmosphere is disgusting.  Agree with most everyone else, this place used to be a good place for some burgers and a couple pickle-back shots, but now....no. Just stay away.  Walk up the street to the Standard Tap or into Fishtown...much better.Super nice bartenders. Rad burgers and specials. Pickle backs flow like wine!This is my second visit to PYT. I had the vegetarian Calibunga burger with black bean soup.  I was pleasantly surprised. Both the blackbean soup and veggie burger were very tasty.  The prices were very reasonable and service was decent. The downside - we were seated in that back room, it wreaked of last nights spilled drinks. I wouldn't have been so bothered except I order vodka and soda that was more like just soda!  A great burger joint with good music and something for everyone.Came here for the first time, nice relaxed environment , outdoor seating , chill burger joint! I got the pistachio crusted lamb burger and it was DELISH!!! The burger of the week was kangaroo burger ( yes actual kangaroo meat) my friend got that one, I was skeptical but it actually was really tasty just like a steak, definitely will come back!Despite the small size, the food is amazing. Some of the wait staff can be a bit brash, and the service really DOES suck, but it's worth overlooking for the food. The lack of variety with non alcoholic beverages is a downer. Only unsweetened iced tea and soda products are avialable, and they are STINGY with handing out the sugar. I always order buffalo chicken everything from my sandwich to the soup, and i am never disappointed. I've had a turkey burger around thanksgiving that had stuffing, and cranberry sauce on it. I was so excited, but it lacked wow factor. I LOVE that they serve "Crabbie's Ginger Beer". not everywhere serves this, and it is one of my favorites.
PARKING... WARNING! It is very tricky when parking in this lot! I've been towed, and was VERY ticked off about it. So much so that I haven't been back since. that $200 dent has me a tad bitter. The dirt lot is a shared lot, between the businesses in the Piazza and the people who live there. If you happen to park on the side for residents, you will get towed, almost immediately. The towing company hires nothing but piranhas and they sit and wait for poor, hungry pyt wanting souls to prey on. Plain and simple, the lot is POORLY MARKED. You must stay on the side of the dirt lot closest to the parking garage. Stay as close to that as possible if you ask me.They did not honor the check in special for a beer - a yuengling. Offered a PBR instead.  Initially this annoyed me severely, but the food won me over.  So kudos to the kitchen!
MANAGEMENT:  The server asked a manager who apparently down graded the beer to a PBR.  Bad start.  Mention of a $145 burger a day for a year deal - wouldn't trust that given their apparent business problems in being unable to afford a free beer incentive.  That winds up to $0.40 a burger, which signals various problems.  Anyway...
SERVICE: Our server was pleasant and genuine.
FOOD: The food and burgers were awesome - if there are better burgers in the area then all the better.  I expected a lot worse from some of these other reviews.  Everything was delicious.
SHAKES: Boozy milk shakes - it worked well.  Tasty and inventive.
DECOR: Wasn't feeling it, but I enjoyed that it was different.Nice place to stop when you are looking for a burger in Northern Liberties. Had the lobster burger and it was stuffed with lots of delish lobster meat. The burger was very good and cooked to exactly medium rare. Also a plus enjoyed the check in free beer. Decor looks a little worn out but with good food and friendly service who cares.I haven't tried the burgers but from all the reviews.. I will have to try it! 
My friends and I stopped by here before going to the popped  concert this past weekend. Their beer selection is better than the other bars around. This statement is biased as I wholeheartedly favor Strawberry wheat beer and Victory headwaters over other beers. Yes, they have those and that is why I like this place. :D
The bartender was nice and friendly and so was the hostess. The hostess was very accommodating and even though she said the tables outside was for guests who planned to order food, not just drinks, she said it in such a darling manner that I wasn't even angry about being "rejected" a table. 
If you're with a group of friends on a sunny afternoon, go here and drink beer and be merry!I came here starving after a Yards Brewery tour (which isn't too far down the road). We started out with the chips and dip because we needed food immediately. It was a tasty app, but I think they could have given us a bit more dip for the amount of chips and pita it came with. I ordered the lobster crabcake burger, which was very tasty. It came with old bay fries which were a nice touch but nothing special (just sprinkled with old bay seasoning). My boyfriend had a beefy burger that he liked. Bonus points for offering a free lager when you check in through foursquare or yelp!In 3 prior visits, I struggled to enjoy a meal comfortably amidst the hype and hooha surrounding this pretentious little beast. I wanted to wait until a quieter night - a night when the Piazza isn't scratching hipsters off in PYT's direction with its hind leg - to give their menu, wait staff, and manager a chance to make an impression with little to no interference. Last night seemed good to be that night.
When we walked in, the hostess mumbled "Two?". She was pretty, but not outgoing or welcoming. She walked us into the dining room and asked if we had a preference of table. I said "Nope, doesn't matter". She stayed in the middle of the room where she stopped to ask us that... and kind of gestured around the room to choose our table.
I want to stop right here for a quick little tangent and the most clear-as-day heads up any consumer will give you NoLibs restaurant managers. Your host or hostess is the face of your establishment. The first impression you get to make, the person who sets the tone for the experience. Pretty faces are good, but friendly people are better. Someone who can say "Hello" or "Hey there!" or even "Welcome to So-and-so! Thanks for stopping in!" is going to make a patron feel more welcome than someone who quietly says "Two?". Also, inform the patron of who will be serving them (if known) and offer assurance that someone will get their drink order ASAP. Am I asking too much?? Though I'm sure this awkward first encounter happens in restaurants all over the city, it seems the standard in NoLibs. Ok, back to the review.
Our waitress arrived a couple minutes later... about half-way through "Running with the Devil"(!!!). I asked what beers they had on tap. Only Miller High Life. Champagne is good, but where's the variety? They ran out of everything else... really? No local beers.
Let's summarize food and drink before I get carried away:
-$5 bottled beer is not as good as $5 draft beer
-PYT burgers = undeniably good burgers. I had the Royale (double) with cheese, my better half the PYT burger. Both were very satisfied with the preparation and ingredients. As many yelpers have said, the patties aren't HUGE, but a double for $10 is fair. I think the single patty version should only be $6, personally. I ordered the Royale based on value alone, I wasn't that hungry. Admittledly, I inhaled the whole thing quickly.
-Fries were OK, nothing to call my mom about.
-Onion rings impressed us on two of our prior visits, very tasty. We were also thrilled that the onion didn't pull out of the breading on the first bite.
-I've had 3 of the adultshakes now, and all 3 were delicious. I have to tip my hat to the maker of my Jack Rabbit Slim last night. That was a LOT of bourbon.
With regards to service, our food came out 17 minutes after we ordered. After the meal when we ordered adultshakes, they took 15 minutes. Our server was helpful and professional.
Perhaps it will take longer than just the summer for PYT to get the management aspect under control, I hope not too much longer. PYT has a great homey feel when you walk in, it's easy to enjoy when there aren't odds against you as a consumer. Tommy has done a great job of promoting this place and generating buzz.
The cost of keeping extra inventory on hand is almost always lower than the cost of running out.This restaurant has average burgers at best.    The service would maybe rate 2 stars.    With the great positive publicity they receive they definitely should rate no higher than one or two stars.   Stay away and save yourself some heartburn and heartache.The food is fine but they have consistently slow -- painfully slow -- service. They only have one veggie option, as well, which is a bit of a disappointment. I'm not really into it.I went to PYT and I got a basic burger and onion rings. The burger was yummy. The onion rings contrary to what some are saying they are good. It could stand to use a bit more seasoning but they have some of the best onion rings I've had in a long time. I ordered sprite. It didn't taste like the regular fountain sprite. It tasted like they created their own concoction in the kitchen and labeled it "sprite" but it tasted far from sprite. Besides that though everything was good.This place is nestled in a condo community and open courtyard that is bustling with activity. A good place to go on a warm day and hang out and people watch. we sat outdoors at a table with an umbrella.
This review is only for drinks and service, as we did not eat here. The menu was reasonable and they had a wide selection of beers. We got pitchers of hefeweizena nd they were $12 each. Not bad...the service was average and crowd very hipster and trendy.
All in all, a great place to check out in Northern Liberties if you're tired of the usuals.I have been going to PYT on many occasions throughout the yeears and went there yesterday with a bunch of friends after  highly recommending the place to all of them.
I will only analyze my latest experience as a list of pros and cons:
PROS:
The menu items were original as usual, the shakes were quite tasty and the food looked and was indeed very tasty. The server was polite to to us the atmosphere was great.
CONS
For an establishment located in an area as upscale and vibrant as the piazza, you would think PYT would emphasize on cleanliness....apparently not:THE FLOOR WAS ASTONISHINGLY DIRTY, THE UNISEX BATHROOM LOOKED LIKE IT HAD NOT BEEN CLEANED FOR DAYS, THE AREA UNDER THE BAR FOOT RAIL WAS FILTHY, THE MENU AND TABLES WERE STICKY AND THE MUSIC WAS JUST PLAIN LOUD. I could rant about how the waitress messed up my order and didn't deduct her screw up from my check but at this point why bother?
I decided to write this review because i believe PYT used to be the place to be when one wanted a great burger and beer experience. Unfortunately, it appears the place had gone through a huge letdown over the years and we as customers simply deserve better.Ugh. PYT. 
Pros - delicious and creative burgers. Plus, alcoholic ginger beer. 
Cons - everything else. We had to wait 45 minutes, then another TWO AND A HALF HOURS before we got our food. Our waitress was very rude, probably because we were a party of 10 and she was guaranteed her 20% tip. Then, to pour salt into the gaping wound, she accidentally charged me $117 instead of $17 on my credit card. (Causing me to overdraft, but that is a financially irresponsible story for another day). When I pointed this out, she was rude, gave the least sincere apology I've ever experienced, and then just handed me $100 in cash. 
While my buffalo pretzel crisp and lasagna burger (don't judge, I split with a friend) were mighty delicious, I would never go back thanks to the service alone.I'll make this brief. Anywhere that has boozy adult milkshakes is ok in my book.P.Y.T.- Don't Believe the Hype. 
Tater tots-- lukewarm and undercooked. 
Signature PYT burger-- bland patty. The menu said bacon on my PYT burger. Literally, not a whole piece, maybe a half, and burnt. 
Onion rings-- too big to cook through with a batter that boasts Kenzinger, but tastes of egg, water and flour. 
I wanted to stay for an adult shake, but I was so disappointed and the atmosphere was so super saturated with Mariah Carey Christmas Carols, I had to leave. 
On a nicer note, out bartender (didn't catch her name), was absolutely lovely, attentive and so sweet.  
So, go there if you will, but don't overhype it in your head. It is what it is: $5 burgers for $12 or more.So my very first experience in the Piazza was (other than waiting for friends to arrive) at PYT.
Once I knew my pending company was on their way, I went ahead and put my name in to get a table outside since it was a pretty nice night out. I was told it would be "20 minutes". My friends arrived and we stood in the doorway, waiting for that table for about another 20 minutes and when we asked again (even though the wannabe-American Apparel model/hostess already had my name in her little book) we were told it would be about another 15 minutes. Needless to say, member(s) of my group started getting annoyed at this long wait and standing around.
Eventually we were seated at one of the inside booths, next to the windows facing the Piazza courtyard.  At that point, it no longer mattered if we were outside or inside, we were hungry and wanted some drinks, so any table would do.  Our server, Stephanie, was one of the few highlights of our experience. She was kind, jovial and most of all, attentive.  One friend and I both ordered the 'Jack Rabbit Slim's' milkshakes (he got chocolate, I got vanilla...both, of course, came with Maker's Mark) and they were quite tasty!  Since it was all of our first time there, we kept it simple (though with the limited menu, "simple" is an overstatement) and just went with the regular "PYT Burgers", though I opted for the "Royale With Cheese" (which, admittedly, is an overdose at this point of the 'Pulp Fiction' references'...especially since it was nothing like a "Quarter Pounder with Cheese"...it was better, actually). We all agreed that the burgers were tasty, but certainly nothing to rave about. After all, they were just burgers!  It's not like, for instance, at Good Dog with their "Good Dog Burger" which is made with a lil' pocket of Roquefort cheese in the middle, topped with carmelized onions and served on a toasted brioche... Nope, this is just a burger with cheese, lettuce, tomato, onions and their "sauteed onion secret sauce".  it also says that the burger is "topped with kettle chips"...Ok, 1. the chips aren't on the burger, they're on the side...so "topped" is the wrong word to use. And secondly, don't say what's IN the secret sauce, that defeats the use of the word "secret". You don't go to McDonald's and get a Big Mac which as "ketchup and mayonnaise secret sauce"...it's simply "secret sauce"!!! (Admittedly, that last bit about the secret sauce is just nitpicking.)  Long story short, they're just burgers that, for all intents and purposes, one could grill up themselves at home!
I don't want to go to a place that prides itself on its burgers when said burgers are something I can do at home. They should come up with more of a variety of burgers...perhaps explore different meat sources (buffalo, ostrich, etc...). Granted, their menu does have "The Bogus Burgers" which seem to be aimed at vegetarians...but then again, why are vegetarians going to a burger joint?  (Ok, that may have been rude towards vegetarians...sue me.)
Food and service aside...TURN DOWN THE MUSIC!!!  Man, that jukebox (I'm pretty sure that was the source) was set too loud. It really would have been nicer to have it turned down just a little bit, so that one doesn't have to yell across the table or cup one's ears in order to hold a conversation at a booth!
So in short, PYT needs to better it's seating timetables, lower the damn musice and most importantly....add some variety to the menu!!!
I'd love to visit again once the hype dies down some and the staff have had enough time to get all their shit together so the place runs much more smoothly.  I'm positive that when/if I visit after those circumstances have occurred, that I'll have better than a 2 star rating.I don't know why everyone is giving this place such bad reviews! I love PYT. The burgers and milkshakes are incredible. I thought the service was fine. Came here one morning after rock climbing at Go Vertical - we were starving. PYT totally satisfied our food cravings. We had regular burgers and INCREDIBLE milkshakes. Holy crap. So good. Highly recommended for brunch, lunch or dinner.The people are nice but a 30 min wait for a grilled cheese is a little excessive. I've missed most of my even waiting for a sandwich that takes 5 mins tops to make. Maybe they had to make the cheese.   I would never come back.I had a Groupon and I love me some burgers, so I stopped by. My first impression was that this place was VERY small, there are no more than 10 tables, and those tables are very small. The service was pretty crappy, we were given no utensils or napkins, and when we asked for them, they didn't apologize for not giving them to us in the first place. I had the biggest burger they had, which had 3 patties. Probably my fault, but the meat overpowered the rest of the burger. I also had onion rings and fries. Everyone seems to rave about the rings, but I did not like them, they are really huge thick onions, which is not how I enjoy my rings. I'd rather have them thinner and crispier. It was very dark inside and quite hard to read the menu. I was not offered a refill on my beverage my entire visit.
When we were given the check, with the Groupon taken off, the waiter was really pushy about where the "original total" was on the receipt. It wasn't hidden somewhere, and I know how to tip on the value of the food before coupons, but I felt this waiter was being a bit of a jerk about trying to make sure he got a good tip, after giving us crappy service.
Save for another coupon from one of these group buying websites, I wouldn't even give them a second chance.Seriously ... I love this place!
When I read the Yelp reviews of PYT - I was a little nervous that the food would be mediocre and that the service would be terrible ... my experience was the exact opposite!
I bought two Groupons for this restaurant over the summer - and my sister and I have had an awesome experience and fantastic food both times.
The burgers were juicy and cooked properly, the onion rings were served hot and crispy and the servers were down-to-earth and attentive.
You won't want to miss their Adult Milkshakes - they're memorable!
PYT - makes. me. smile =)What can I say... Amazing burgers, Adult Milkshakes (Cookie Monster=Best Ever), and an all around awesome vibe. Stopped by last weekend with the whole family after taking a break from coming here like every other week and they delivered yet again. I had the Pickelback Burger and the outside char was just right the bacon had the perfect crunch, but not cracking with every bite. The waffle fries have to be new or I just forgot about them but they were really good too. My daughter had the buttermilk fried chicken sandwich and she said it was better than Chick Fil A, and that's saying a lot because she loves that place. Our server was great and on top of everything we needed. They even split the milkshakes so the kids can share one. Strongly recommend this place day or night but nightlife is always better down in NoLibs.This place is at times very hustle and bustle.  The food is a little pricey (this is a glorified burger joint afterall) but the selections are unique, interesting, and pretty satisfying.  Sometimes the wait is unbearable! I suggest ordering a drink while you wait.  Check this place out on a sunny day and enjoy the outside seating.Had the best milkshake in my life here and the burger was to die for. I will need to walk ten miles to burn off the calories but worth it. Service so soI can only rate this place on what I ordered which was the Pickleback burger w/ dill fries.  Simply delicious.  One of the best burgers I've eaten.  And I've eaten a lot.  Get a pickleback shot for $3 w/ the burger.  I'll go back just for this burger.  Thanks PYT!Just got back from PYT.  Had a pretty good overall experience.  Since this was my first time, I went with the PYT burger.  Figured that I should start with the standard fare before I graduated to one of the specialty burgers.  It was definitely a good burger.  If you're not super hungry, this burger is a good size.  Your burger also comes with a pickle and chips.  I have to tell you that the pickle provided a nice surprise.  It had a bit of kick to it.  
We also ordered the chili cheese fries and the onion rings for the table.  Each were both good with a nice twist.  The chili was tasty with a nice kick.  I'm a big fan of spicy chili.  We were all fighting for the chili.  I think we would have been happy with a big plate of the chili instead.  Can't forget the onion rings.  These were really good too.  I'm not sure what they were seasoned with but it was a nice flavor.  Not your standard deep fried onion ring.  
Pretty good service with reasonably priced food.  Can't wait to try the other burgers.Sarah was an amazing waitress. She is caring, helpful, and extremely friendly. Her skills as a waitress almost match her beauty.  The food was also amazing.  One of the best burgers I have had in a while!The music here is way too loud. Could not really hear my date at all. If you enjoy ignoring your date thought then this is the perfect spot.
As for food, I ordered a basic chicken burger, buffalo chicken pierogies and my date ordered chili cheese fries and burger soup. 
WARNING: when ordering the waiters will tell you you can replace a side with various other things as if there isn't a price difference bu there is one. So just take into account that switching the side will result in a heavier price.
The burger was delicious but teeny. The portion of fries I got on the side was also pretty scant. The buffalo chicken pierogies sat at around nine dollars but only came with five. Also delicious though. The burger soup and chili cheese fries were very good and were better portioned than the other food we had. 
Overall good food just pricy and a bit underwhelming in portion size.Let's face it, the only thing this place has going for it, is the Milk Shake, but from what I'm reading below, even that is sometimes a struggle. Despise being dragged here, saturday after saturday.Burgers are great! Yummy adult milkshakes...Definitely for a casual eating experience. I wouldnt recommend it as a bar hang out.I couldn't even stand being at PYT for the free beer.  I walked in and was instantly blasted away by the music.  It wasn't loud, it was deafening.  Nevermind the fact that the place is inexplicably packed with people, but the bar is two people deep across the entire place.  To get a drink, I not only have to fight through tons of people waiting for service, but dudes grinding on girls who think the front of the bar is a great place to "dance."
PYT seems to have fooled everyone that it's a hip place to hang out.  My recent visit convinced me that if I never go again, it won't be soon enough.I went here with my boyfriend last night, a Tuesday night, because I bought a Living Social coupon. I probably wouldn't have gone to PYT otherwise, and it seemed like everyone else around us had the same deal. It was too cold to sit outside, but we did see a group sitting around a fire pit which looked cozy. Anyway, before we went, I read some reviews on Yelp, and noticed that every other review mentioned bad service. I gave PYT the benefit of the doubt... until I saw it for myself.
I met my boyfriend at the bar where he was having a drink (happy hour until 8!), then we asked the hostess for a table to sit and have dinner. She was not happy. In fact she seemed like it was a huge annoyance to have to seat us. Our waitress didn't come to our table for a good 20 minutes. She forgot to get us waters for almost our entire meal. It seemed like the one waitress was taking care of the entire (full) restaurant! Though she was the nicest person working there.  We waited on our burgers for almost an hour. Mine was lukewarm, slightly undercooked, but not bad tasting. The ceaser salad was pretty good too, and whatever pumpkin beer they had on tap was excellent.  
We should have stayed and eaten at the bar where we probably would have gotten quicker and better service. I think the bad service might be attributed to the fact that they had a higher volume of guests from the Living Social deal... but they could have prepared better for that! My boyfriend said it best, the decor and seating makes it seem like a froyo place, not a burger joint. After all that... I won't be going back.Korean bbq short rib burger...delicious! Pickleback burger....delicious!! Service....nonexistant. It took about an hour for our food to arrive. For burgers? Wow! But the food is yumz if u can deal with hipster overload. the chef also had an amazing moustache. Nuff said.Had to wait 45 min on a Saturday night for inattentive service and mediocre food/drinks. While we were waiting, I ordered a beer from the bartender who was rude and cranky. Waitress was annoyed that I ordered coffee and that she would need to brew a new pot. What's with all the attitude, PYT?Even though I'm "meh" about this place, I still have been here a decent amount of times considering that it's not mind blowing.  So far, I've had the cowabunga veggie burger, the portabella mushroom burger, and the nacho burger.  I am pretty sure I've gotten the first veggie burger more than once.  I'm not a vegetarian I just am really intimidated by the number of ingredients and size of the burgers.  So today I got the nacho burger, and boo got the lobster crab cake burger.  It took about 40 minutes for our food to come out.  And it took about 40 minutes to be seated....it's not a huge place so it's a little unnerving to wait that long when you're hungry.  The burgers weren't mind blowing.  The boo's "burger" was bland, and I could only pick up the lemony flavor of the aioli.  My "nacho" burger was missing the sour cream and guacamole, and was basically a pile of black beans with a pile of refried beans on top.  I didn't get the choice between tots or fries like the menu suggested but I was ok with my fries.  I basically ate the meal as if it were nacho fries, never man handling the burger itself for a bite.  They also decided to leave the vestibule door, and the main door wide open while it was 40 degrees outside.  It was FREEZING in the dining room....nobody seemed to notice.  
Winning factors are the bingo nights on Wednesdays.  It's just really fun to play bingo...it really shouldn't be restricted to senior citizens.  And if you have 4square, every time you check in you get a free beer!  Definitely take advantage of that.Food was amazing!!! I don't know these people from tuesdee, but they treated us with the best attention. Def #1 in service!I have lived in Philly for over 5 years, and have been a frequent customer of PYT - or at least USED to. I think less than a year ago they started taking a lot of things off of the menu which was really disappointing. I used to love the randomness of their menu. Their prices also went up, and I just felt like it wasn't worth it anymore. Service is a hit or miss, you might get someone who is kind of nice, or a someone with a complete holier -than- thou attitude. I will never forget a waitress I had who was THE WORST. She was visibly annoyed when we inquired about our burger that was taking an hour to arrive, and when it was delivered, cold and soggy she looked disgusted that we would send it back and stormed off with her punk rock jorts and fanny pack. WIth that being said - sit at the bar, they are always pretty nice and quick with service. 
I go back from time to time. I would recommend joining burger of the month club-just to gawk at their interesting burgers each week and to muster up some inspiration to deal with the waitstaff and give it a try.THE BEST Location for all the bars in the area by far! plus the service is spectacular. Highly recommendgood burger, good special sauce, good onion rings and the chili cheese dog is nice.