Probably the best tasting banh mi option in Chinatown.  While I've gotten others with more meat and/or vegetables inside, it's the flavor of the bread and the ingredients that will draw me back for more. It's a tad on the pricier side for these types of sandwiches, but the mother and daughter running it are sweet and there's decent room to eat inside the restaurant.Hooooooly cow.  Never had such an awesome sub in my LIFE!  I live in New Jersey and happened upon Q.T. one afternoon while visiting some family.  I'm honestly depressed that they only have one location.  Hands down one of the best sandwich shops I've EVER visited.
Oh and the people there are just amazing.  So warm and friendly!!Their QT special Banh mi is amazing. Best Banh mi place in the area.I have worked my way through the menu twice now, and I can comfortably say that this is my favorite Vietnamese Sandwich joint in Philly.  
Like all of the reviews say, the bread is fresh, the ingredients are delicious, and the ladies who run this place always take your order with a smile.  
I keep finding myself ordering the lemongrass tofu, but if you want something a little more adventurous, the special is unlike any other sandwich in the city.I wasn't overly impressed- seemed the price was a bit high and the meat a bit skimpy. I got the House #1 special and it was flavorful- but I'm used to a lot of meat on my sandwiches.
The lady was super nice and service was fast. But I wasn't feeling the meat love.Bright clean flavors in a bright friendly place. Owner is so nice.  Great bread. I love the tofu lemongrass.One of the top Bahn Mi sandwiches in Philly. I had the BBQ Banh Mi sandwich - the BBQ pork, pickled carrots and the crispy French roll were so delicious. My son had the Bun Rieu which was spicy and true to style with crab broth and noodles. He sweated through every spicy spoonful, but he said it was so worth it. The owners are super friendly and many regulars stopped for lunch at this favorite spot in Chinatown.The first banh mi I've tried and I haven't been able to find one I like as much since. Seriously the best tasting and so fresh.The house special was amazing. It's refreshing, tasty, not heavy, and I could eat like five.Hands down the best Bahn Mi in the city!  I'm a regular (even though I almost always forget my punch card :-/. ). I've been to pretty much every Bahn Mi place in Chinatown and off of Washington Avenue in S.E. Philly, and while I've had some great rolls in a few of the other places, overall you can't beat this one.  The cherry on top is the family members who own and run this business proudly are genuinely genuine!  I'd recommend any one of their choices.  Enjoy.The good thing about having a bike at work is that I'm not confined to the greater Rittenhouse Square area for lunch anymore. Even though most of my favorite's are in Rittenhouse, it helps to feel a little free. Today, for example, I thought I'd enjoy a warm bike ride to Chinatown to try what QT has to offer. When I worked in Market East, I remember walking by QT when it first opened and being intrigued by the idea of bahn mi, but the shop looked a little bare and beat. It is quite the opposite today. It is bright and pretty lively. The service is fast and super friendly, also.
I ordered a lemongrass tofu hoagie. The roll was crusty outside, soft inside, and not too doughy in the middle. The lemongrass wasn't overpowering, which I appreciated, but it was definitely presen in the tofu. I asked for just a few jalepenos (the fact that they ask earns bonus points) and they were delicious but crazy hot since the seeds are left in the slices. I am full after my sandwich, but I feel like it was somewhat healthy, right?
On my way down Filbert St., I saw a guy throw a crumpled up napkin at a couple of pigeons for no reason while he was walking down the sidewalk. Littering is like breathing in Market East, but it was a particularly angry gesture. I rode by and I'm pretty sure he tried to spit in the direction of my bike and MISSED. Just like how he missed the pigeons. Because they're birds and they can fly. I was annoyed, although not surprised, and after I picked up my inexpensive and somewhat substantial sandwich and hopped back on my bike to trek back to my office where I sit in an ergonomic chair while Dr. Litterbug aimlessly wanders around the bus station for the rest of forever, I felt much better about everything in this world. Worth it, worth it, worth it.I'm not going to go into the subtle nuances of how great these sandwiches are. I'm just going to tell you, straight up, I eat here like, 3-4 times a week. My usual is the chicken banh mi and a mango boba tea. It's heaven on earth! The service is great and super friendly and that bread...*drool*.Everything about this place is great. The food of course is excellent. The staff are very friendly and helpful. If you like spicy food ask for the house made "special sauce". Super spicy and delicious! A must visit in Philly!The only place for bang mi for this dude.  Here's why: it's fresh fresh and more fresh.  From the baguette to to the pate,  to the carrots these guys take care in the special sandwich of our people.    Go there and eat some.Honestly, who WANTS to go to Subway when they can run down to 10th & Arch and pick up a freshly made banh mi footlong for around $5?  You're insane for missing out on the generous portions of protein, crunchy pickled veggies and cilantro, all layered in fresh bread with a crunchy crust and a light scraping of mayo.  Jalapenos are optional, of course, but unforgettable if the spice is right up your alley.
I've had the BBQ pork, chicken, and the lemongrass tofu, and all of these variations have played out wonderfully for dinner.  If you can hold off half for leftovers, rest assured that it keeps really well to the next day's lunch.
Only downside: cash is a must, since they charge additional fees for using a card, and parking might be dicey during Chinatown rush hour traffic.  Boo.I didn't note the street number and was just walking down 10th Street figuring I'd find this place easily enough. I walked by it, twice, looking for it. Signage not obvious, kind of a nondescript storefront.
Very friendly staff preparing the food. I ordered two sandwiches around 1pm on a Friday and sat on a stool and waited. The next 3 customers to come in were clearly regulars and the girl behind the counter greeted them all with recognition. That was nice to see.
The House Special #1 was delicious. One of the meats had a lot of white pepper flavor, which I love. And there was something quite garlicky, I think maybe the mayo? I happen to love garlic too, so was happy with that. The carrot was grated rather than matchstick-shaped, which I think made it get lost a bit. I prefer the matchstick cut so that the crunchy texture comes through more. I also missed not having pickled daikon along with the carrot. The bread was nicely crispy outside and soft inside. I asked for it extra spicy and got a few more slices of jalapeno inside. Overall a flavorful and well-seasoned sandwich I'd happily order again.
The Lemongrass Tofu #9 sandwich was not bad, but kind of bland in comparison. The tofu is fried, but sliced thin, so once again, texture is a little soft, especially with the grated carrot topping. The lemongrass comes through nicely, but the filling didn't have enough punch to hold it's own against the bread. I probably wouldn't order this one again.My #1 bahn mi place in the city. I've been coming here for years and I praise the old woman who never fails to make me the ultimate bahn mi. I always get the house special and she always picks the best pepper -- so spicy I cry after every bite... Just the way I like it. I have other favorite bahn mi spots but this has my heart.Quite possibly the best inexpensive lunch in Philly.  $5.50 for a great sandwich.  Good amount of meat to bread ratio, along with flavorful fillings and sauces.  There is no language barrier, which is not expected in Chinatown, but always pleasant to find.  I will say that Lee's on Washington still has my heart as #1 bahn mi, but this place is a close second.  It can be difficult to get a seat here, but as long as it's a nice day out, no reason not to just go outside and eat anyway.  They will wrap it up nicely for you so it's easy to eat on the go.This is one of my go-to Vietnamese spots to grab cafe sua da - vietnamese iced coffee. The food is authentic and tastes great! I'm a lover of banh mi and they make great ones.I'm Chinese so I don't know Viet hoagies.  But having tried a few places in town, I still resort to this little shop.  The #1 is perfectly fine, if not on the small side.  I love every layer, from baguette ... to having jalapenos in them.  Its the only thing I order there.Sandwich was solid. Heavy on the mayo, but I notice a lot of philly spots are heavy on it. I feel like it's more of a geographical reason why it's like that. Bread nice and crunch. 
Had the ice coffee.. expected way more taste. It was more of a mocha frap then a viet ice coffee...
Cashier was nice tho.#1 house special, fresh toasty baguette with unidentifiable Vietnamese luncheon meats and the usual condiments. The woman behind the counter was quite nice, and I was amazed at how she and her coworker could stand over the stove in the tiny shop as the temps approached 95F outside.  They're on the pricey side as far as banh mi goes; I'm used to more in the $3 range in the Bay Area and back home in Colorado (would give 3.5 stars if I could).The gold standard for Banh Mi sandwiches. I always pick up the lemongrass tofu if I'm in the area and never regret it. It's unlike any tofu I've ever had-- it's got great texture and great flavor.
Exceptional service, exceptional food. Always a Chinatown staple.I probably eat here twice a week, and either get the mushroom, tofu and onion hoagie or the lemongrass with jalapenos, and they are amazing, especially for the price! And in response to the comment below about the sandwich maker looking miserable - ive always had a great experience with the ladies at qt, very endearing, happy and kind people.Q.T. Vietnamese Sandwich at North 10th (Between Arch and Filbert) is a welcome addition to Chinatown serving up delicious Vietnamese Hoagies and interesting soups with a great big smile, at really reasonable prices. 
The place is a clean, simple set up with a couple of bar stools if you want to enjoy your food there--and the service is very sweet.  
The hoagies are their specialty, but there are many other options on the menu, including soups like one I tried that had pineapple, tofu and mushrooms--an interestingly tasty combo!I absolutely looooove their lemongrass tofu hoagie!! 
I've been on a hunt for the perfect vegetarian banh mi and I must say QT's was absolutely divine! Minus one star for the increased pricing. No matter the location, all banh mi should be $3 max.I love getting a banh mi here (or as they call it in Philadelphia, a "Vietnamese hoagie"). I recommend the lemongrass tofu, the BBQ pork, and the QT special. Great place to stop and get a lunch to go if you're getting on a Greyhound bus at the nearby station. Very good customer service too.The last time I ate here was a couple of months ago, but i can still remember.  I usually go to the philly chinatown for noodle soup, but i ALWAYS stop by QT viet sandwich shop afterwards to get a "special" for the next meal to take home.  The sandwich is slightly pricey, but they make up for it with good ingredients, and tasty innerds.  Also the quality of the bread was yummy.  All in all if you are in town, and love banh mi's.. try this place out.  Service is quick, and workers are friendly.
Will stop by next time Im in town.My first time trying Banh Mi was at QT and I'm hooked! Btw, QT is the owner and she is usually the one behind the counter. She's an absolute sweetheart, very friendly and approachable. 
The service is terrific, food is amazingly fresh, soups and sandwiches are equally tasty. It's a great deal too if you're in the area. I ordered 2 sandwiches between 2 people, and I still had leftovers. I am definitely coming back.I've been here twice now, and the bread is consistently good. The sandwiches could use some more herbs though. I will definitely be back.This is a great take out spot or quick lunch. They have an amazing lemongrass tofu sandwich. Recently I got their tofu summer roll here. It was good and tasted like the same tofu they use in their sandwiches but didn't meet my expectations for a summer roll.  I thought it  would of been filled with more veggies but all it had it in was the tofu, rice noodles, and a lil bit of cabbage. It was good but a lil boring and I've had better tofu/veggie summer rolls else where.I had a Cá Mòi (sardine) Banh Mi with paté, and it was excellent. The bread was great---fresh and toasted perfectly. There are only a couple tables here, but it's cute, clean, and the staff are friendly. Next time I'm in the mood for a tasy sandwich, I'll head here.I started crying as I finished my House Special Bánh mì Sandwich because I didn't want it to end.
It's true what they say, you'll never forget your first Q.T Vietnamese Sandwich's Bánh mì.One of the better options near the convention center. We got the house special consisting of 3 different meats, pickled veg, and hot peppers, which came sandwiched between the perfect bun - crusty on the outside and soft and fluffy on the inside.  So good!  Well worth diverting from the craze of Reading Terminal. 5-stars if more pate and less mayo. Note: 2/3 people who came in while we were there ordered the BBQ version, will def try if I have another convention in Philly.I've been wanting to try QT for a while now.  I finally made an excuse to stop by.  
The QT special is very good.  I love the pâté.  I'd recommend that you make sure whichever sandwich you order has pâté on it.  One of the things that I always look for in a sandwich is balance.  QT makes perfectly balanced sandwiches.  There isn't an overflow of any ingredient.  The bread is light with a soft crustiness.  
I've heard great things about the chicken, and I can't wait to try the lemongrass tofu.  I will definitely be back to try some more sandwiches. 
They sell cans of coconut water.  A perfect pairing for a bahn mi.Phenomenal sandwiches. Great bread. Could use some more meat/filling otherwise it would be 5 star. Also not a ton of seating so your best bet is to take out.Great banh mi. My favorite is the tofu w/ mushrooms . The bread is great; although last time it was a little stale.. It was early in the day and maybe I got the leftovers from the day before. Hope I was wrong. One time they were out of their usual bread so I got it as rice platter which I loved. Jasmine rice...yum.
Only complaint is the fillings are sparse and my fave tofu w/ mushrooms is a bit too salty. Make sure you try the soups which are outstanding! Love the veg noodle.
Service is fast and friendly. Annie has a great welcoming smile. One time she wasn't there and the older woman(her mom?) waited on me. Was a bit apprehensive but she made probably the best sandwich I ever got from there.Great sandwiches. Overpriced($5). 
You won't regret eating any of the sandwiches, just the dent in your wallet when you know it would have cost +30% less somewhere else. 
Try the house special sandwich if you are new.Definitely the best Bahn Mi I've ever had. It's very fresh and flavorful. I always have the QT special and it never disappoints me. And their noodle soup is good too.Loved the lemongrass tofu bahn mi. Definitely hits the yelp/yuppie/hipster crowd.It takes a lot for me to write my first review. I have to be blown away. I was blown away. QT Vietnamese sandwiches is a small shop on your left side if you are going north on 10th, just past the greyhound bus terminal. They have a menu online so I won't rehash their whole menu here. I got the lemongrass tofu sandwich and an iced tea, my wife got the lemongrass chicken sandwich and iced tea. We sat down, our sandwiches were done in five minutes, we began eating. They were incredible. The freshness of the vegetables, crisp and flavorful against probably the best tasting tofu I have had made me so very happy. My wife loved hers as well. We hadn't received our lemon iced teas yet and I was becoming thirsty when I realized the girl was making them individually with ice and slices of lemon. Then I tasted it. I was floored. It was incredible as well. I loved this place so much I ordered a tofu and rice meal to go along with another iced tea. The meal, by the way, was unbelievable also, possible better. The sandwiches are about five bucks, the meals about six, the iced tea is 2.50, all of which are bargains when dealing with this quality. On top of everything else, the girl making the sandwiches/tea and taking the orders was the most friendly and attentive host you could ever want. This was apparent by her tip jar which was overflowing as I stuffed two more dollars in. I would eat this food every day of my life if I didn't have to drive into the city to get it.bahn mi is ok.  I've had better.  Can't really tell what this place is from outside, but that can be said about all in Chinatown. Once you get inside it's not all that bad.  I've been back a couple of times, but it's definitely not my favorite.Probably one of my favorite places to go for Viet hoagies and sandwiches. Located conveniently right outside Chinatown right down 10th St (nearest intersection being Arch St), this place has some of the best I've had in general. Although I don't have such a large sample size of Viet places I've been to in Philly that do food like this, I look forward to trying out more such places when I get the chance (whenever that ends up being the case haha). In any event, my go-to is probably the Viet Special, which has a nice assortment of just about everything that makes a Viet sandwich good, including the meat, the veggies, the spices, and more. Bread here is pretty fresh and I'd say that for most people, you'll probably end up getting full before you actually finish it all (great for leftovers). They also serve other types of Viet sandwiches, Viet cuisine, hot/cold drinks that are also worth checking out. Would recommend a visit for sure if you've never been there previouslyIf you want a cheap and tasty bahn mi, this is the place.
It's small with only a few seats (mostly bar type) so it's very casual.
Like all bahn mi, the quality of the bread really matters...and here it shines. 
Will be back!After stumbling upon reviews of QT, finally made the 2 block walk from my interior Chinatown dwelling to see what the hubbub was about. I tried a lemongrass tofu hoagie and took it back home to enjoy from the confines of my apartment as the restaurant itself is not much to look at, nor is the view out their front window, or maybe it was the fact that it only seats 6-7 comfortably. 
Regardless, I got home and unwrapped a perfectly made piece of heaven. By heaven I mean a sandwich made with just the right consistency of tofu balanced tastefully with fresh crunchy vegetables and loaded with cilantro on the best roll I have found in the neighborhood. I'm kind of like Joey from friends, I love a good sandwich, and this absolutely hit the spot. It was lemony without being overwhelming with a good amount of spice. And really, can you beat $4.95 for a non-overprocessed sandwich that is actually made with care?I grabbed "the Special" from the food truck near my office in University City, and I have to say it's one of the best sandwiches I've had in a while! The meat was wonderfully flavored, the veggies were crisp, and the baguette was delicious. I would definitely recommend getting the sandwich "hot," because the jalapeños add a nice heat and flavor. The sandwich really filled me up, and it's very reasonably priced. Service was friendly and fast. I will definitely stop here again for a quick and delicious lunch!How is it that I've been in the city for 15 years and have not tried this place sooner?!?!  I ordered a #1 with their homemade hot sauce and got addicted with my first bite!  Warm, toasted french bread......yum.  Their hot sauce burns your face off but sooo good!  I'll be back to try their other sandwiches and will definitely spread the word.Really strong and solid Vietnamese sandwich shop. Small, with limited seating (about 10 people max) in the lower part of Chinatown. Not a very robust Vietnamese menu (compared to a more traditional, Vietnamese restaurant) but you are coming here for the sandwich - not summer rolls. (Which they don't have).  Staff was super friendly - service was pretty fast - sandwich was pretty legit. Worth going to if you crave some a sandwich.My favorite Vietnamese sandwich is at Ba Le, but my second favorite is here! I always get the House Special. You have to eat their sandwiches right away though because they're bread gets really hard if you don't. The price is amazingly cheap and the sandwiches still taste good! On top of that, if you get their free reward card, after getting 10 hole-punches on the card from buying 10 sandwiches, you get a free sandwich! I also love how it's right beside Yummy Yummy so while I'm waiting for my sandwich, I would head over to Yummy yummy to get some cheap snacks.The total package - a delicious product, with cordial service at a price you can't beat.
I had to check this place out after being mentioned on Philly's 29 greatest sandwiches list. It is conveniently right down the street from Jefferson and I will be back soon to try the other sandwiches.
I had the classic house special Bahn Mi which comes on a ~8 inch hoagie roll which is not too soft or crunchy. Great meat flavors with the perfect amount of spice added by the jalapenos. Don't be intimidated by the pigs ears, they blend right in. All veggies were very fresh and all for $4.95 including tax.Cash only is a minus but the food is pretty good. The roll was great with the spread of pate, which gave it a creamy and savory flavor. Perfect. The beef had a sweet marinade but the fresh jalapeno gave it a nice balance. Bubble tea is a must!!! So delicious!!Since last year, QT redid their space so that there is now some extra counter space to sit at and you don't have to awkwardly navigate around other customers while waiting for your order. The sandwiches are still pretty good (sometimes the fresh jalepenos are numbing) and the menu has expanded to include a few more appetizers and breakfast things. The last time I was there I watched the staff move around some giant sheet pans of frozen fruit that were destined for smoothies and I had a lychee smoothie that was deliciously slushy.The best Bahn Mi I've ever had. Remember the Food Truck Race a few yrs ago on the Food Network... the Bahn Mi truck that won almost all of the challenges... well, I've eaten their food and it doesn't hold a candle to this place.  Mom and I split the house special on the bus to NYC. OH My it was good!!!!! I highly recommend!The place is small and doesn't have that many seats, so if you want to eat in, expect a wait or come earlier than usual to snag some seats. 
I got the QT Special and an iced Vietnamese Coffee. Both were really good! You can get the QT Special with or without jalapeños. It's huge, too; like more than a foot long. Worth the money!
The Vietnamese Coffee is 85% ice, haha. Wish it was more coffee, less ice!
The cashier is really friendly! Service wasn't extremely fast, considering I was the only one there, but I only waited about 5 minutes. 
5/5!5 years later, it's finally time for me to write this review.
The house special banh mi is absolutely amazing. Fresh baguette that the owners get every morning (sometimes they run out of bread late in the afternoon), thinly cut Vietnamese ham, all of the accommodating vegetables (can make it spicy by adding jalapeño), fresh pate on the bread. I don't think I can describe how much I like this banh mi. I've been to Vietnam recently, and I don't think I found a banh mi there that I liked more than this place.
During college I got banh mis from here every single time I visited Chinatown, and we always brought some back. The trick is to ask them not toast the bread for the ones you take out. Then back at home, put your oven to 350 degrees, wrap the sandwiches in foil, and toast for about 7 minutes. They taste as good as new.
Now that I am in California, I constantly crave this place. Finally got a chance to visit philly for the weekend, and I brought some sandwiches back on the plane with me. Let's see if they survived the plane ride.I just had my first Vietnamese hoagie. It was the most toothsome sandwich this side of the arepa. The baguette was like Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson: hard on the outside, soft on the inside. The shredded carrots and cilantro blended in perfect harmony with the tofu and pork (?). I'm not sure of the meats included in my afternoon delight, but everything burst with crunchy flavor. 
It was cheap, it felt kinda healthy, and it didn't force me to unbutton my jeans. If ever there was a holy grail...
As for the restaurant, they abide by the 3 mandatory "c's:" cleanliness, credit cards, and cquickness.I had the House Special banh mi and the Lemongrass Tofu Summer rolls. Although the summer rolls were a lot smaller and had far fewer greens than their Washington avenue counterparts, they were refreshing.The banh mi was nice as well. Great place for a fast and friendly service.My boyfriend and I wanted banh mi for lunch one day and decided to try this place. It's now become a bit of a tradition for us to stop by and grab a sandwich to bring onto Greyhound--they're conveniently located around the corner from the station.
The shop is small with very limited seating. For all my experiences, the people at the register have been very friendly. The sandwich itself is pretty good. The bread is toasted nicely and I like the ratio of meat to vegetables. However, the meat is slightly sweet, which I don't particularly like, but that's just a personal thing. Flavor aside, it's cooked perfectly--tender and moist. I recommend that you eat the sandwich fresh before the bread becomes hard!This place makes really good sandwiches, has a friendly counter person, and is walking distance from the convention center (when you want lunch that isn't limited to concession stand offerings...) They also take credit cards, which is nice for a spot that's this tiny! Anyway - 1 star off because the wait was pretty long, and even after that they had forgotten one of the items we ordered, and had to be reminded. The egg rolls are also itty bitty - kind of misleading to even call them eggrolls IMO. (Also, this is more of a to-go spot - there's only 2 small tables)This place rocks! While its sandwiches are a bit pricier than those of Cafe 900, it has a bit broader selection of Vietnamese food. Also, its flavor can't be beat. Everything is made to order, right in front of you. It's a quiet little take-out place with three barstools for customers to sit at and eat. It should be noted that their pho is a bit different than that in the other nearby Vietnamese places. Rather than serving the traditional pho loh, they serve a spicier, but less vegetable rich, pho jin. The noodles in their bun (vermicelli) are also a bit different than the standard fare. If you need a place to get some decent Vietnamese food at a good price, look no further!A delicious, quick, banh mi spot perfect for meat eaters and vegetarians alike. The ingredients always taste fresh and service is fast and friendly. My personal favorite is the lemongrass banh mi (vegetarian) but the chicken banh mi is the most popular amongst my friends.There is very limited seating inside, so be ready to take your order to go!Stopped by today after hearing rave reviews from my ex-coworker. (@ Yakitori Boy) The place is very small, but quaint. I ordered 2 house special banh mis, & a mango-lychee smoothie. After seeing the 2 cute little old ladies hand rolling some spring rolls, I quickly ordered 4 of those. Freshly made & fried spring rolls? I'm on it. The girl at the counter was so friendly and accommodating. I had asked 1 banh mi with no cucumber & 1 banh mi with no jalapenos & she asked twice just to make sure she got my order right. We chit chatted for a little while I was waiting for my spring rolls, she was super sweet. Compared to the banh mi I had from Ba Le Bakery, these were almost as good. The banh mi from Q.T was just the right size for my mouth & the bread wasn't too hard. The filling also didn't squish out as I bit into the sandwich. An all around win. 
Fresh yummy food for a great price, I will definitely be stopping back here for my banh mi fix.It's good -- fresh bread, crispy bread and good meat -- but $4.95 for a banh mi good? Not really, so I'll keep on looking around. I was definitely taken aback that a Philly banh mi would cost more than a Manhattan banh mi (Saigon is worth in in my opinion) but I do have to give QT props for using lemongrass and other ingredients. The $1 for five fish balls on a stick is a good deal -- you can watch them cook it and it's a tasty and hearty snack.Great sandwich shop.  Haven't ever had anything like it.  It's served on a footlong role that is toasted or somehow made crispy, very different than any American style hoagie which is always served on soft bread.  Now the filling in not heaping be semi thin slices of meat.  It's a fatty cured meat like mortadella.  Very good.  It works cause they add some
Spicy sauce some Julienned carrots and cucumbers and cilantro Bahn me style. $5.50 can't beat it.  Plus a lychee soda.I love this place. It's well sized, conveniently located, and has very friendly staff. The sandwiches are delicious and you can ask to have them without the hot pepper and without cilantro, which is what I do.It is so delicious! My husband and I hike all the way to Chinatown just for their sandwiches. They have a good variety on the menu but we love #1, the House Special, so much we haven't yet tasted the others. Love the tasty cold cuts, pickles, the freshness of the vegie and especially their light and crispy baguette. For $4.95 it does not get better anywhere else.
Over the holidays, they renovated to provide more seating space. Now there is space inside to line up at lunch hour during the cold, cold winter.This is the perfect sandwich.
The owner explained to me that a lot of people come through in the morning and get banh mi, and eat half for breakfast and half for lunch-
mine did not make it to lunch.
I've tried most of the menu and everything I had is awesome.  It's the perfect ratio of meat/bread/veggies, pickly, a little spicy, meaty deliciousness.
The people that work there appear to be one family, and are very friendly.  A great find among the saturated streets of chinatown.Great vegetarian/vegan sandwiches!
The lemongrass tofu is lovely in it's mild delicate deliciousness.
The mushroom and onion is exciting in it's bolder flavor deliciousness.
Get them both and share with a friend (or not). Eat the tofu one first. The mushroom one second.Great sandwich. Very meaty and the veggies were fresh. I wasn't too impressed with the shrimp rolls, but for only $2 I can't complain much. It's small, and tough to find from a car because they don't have a big sign. But it's worth finding.This place has great reviews so I'd been wanting to try it. The reviews are on point. It's cheap and delicious. Of the two veggie options I would highly recommend the mushrooms and onions tofu over the lemongrass tofu because it was a bit dry. But it was super filling and all for about $6. It's a great stop if you're on your way to greyhound or Jefferson station. It's right around the corner!Best Banh Mi around. Amazing Bun Rieu noodle soup. This place is special. The nicest people too. Go now.You know those places where, the first thing you try is so good that you never can bring yourself to try something else? The lemongrass tofu bahn mi is my fix and I cannot stop ordering it. I know I should branch out because I'm sure the others will be good too, but every time I'm in there my craving takes over and I just give up. The flavors are so delicious, the bread is crusty and just slightly slightly buttered to perfection, and the folks who run the place are so cheerful and friendly. If you're in the neighborhood on your lunch break, treat yourself and give QT a try.Ordered from QT for a catered event. Was overall very pleased with the service, quality and price.
We ordered around 30 or so Banh Mis and requested they were cut in thirds to portion out to all our guests (this was about the 1 or 2 days before). QT listened to our request, everything was prepared just as ordered, packaged in dedicated shrink wraps and large plastic trays and were ready for a 10AM pick up. Awesome. 
The food stayed until 12 and was still delicious when it was finally served. My favorites were the classic cold cut roll and the tofu ones. They really pack it in there! Lots of fresh vegetables as well. Definitely the right call and would go for them again if I needed sandwich catering in a pinch.I ordered a sardine sandwich from here and it was good.  It was well-crafted, had great bread, and the sauce was amazing.  By the previous two sentences, this place should have at least a 3 star rating.  
So why did it get a 1 star rating?
Two words: Projectile vomiting.  I've eaten in some of the dirtiest hole in the wall restaurants in the United States and Asia and had never been as sick after eating that sardine sandwich.  Within four hours, I had horrendous diarrhea, then within the next few hours, the vomiting came.  The GI symptoms subsided after 48 hours of munching on Gatorade and bread, but that didn't stop the intermittent fevers that lasted the rest of the week.  
Needless to say after this experience, I won't be coming back.I like this place a lot I go here when in in the mood for a good sandwich that takes a few min to get in my hand.  The sweetest lady owns it and she works hard to make the food and the brea she gets is wonderful!!  Go here for a nice sandwich you will be shocked at the variety and the great priceGreat sandwich shop!  The young lady behind the counter was incredibly bubbly, welcoming,  and took the time to talk us through the menu.  We ordered the House Special and the Pork sandwich.  The perky girl recommended the soup so we tried that as well... glad we did!  The sandwiches were very tasty and full of flavor on great bread.  We have always loved Vietnamese food but never tried the sandwiches until this trip.  The guy making the sandwiches took special effort to make them just right for us...extra spicy and added chiles.  The place was basic and clean washed in an eye-popping orange paint.  They have a selection of Chinese magazines to browse through, and when my partner found one with some great graphic art in it, he asked if he could buy it.  The girl behind the counter - so cool - she gave it to him free.In the past year, Banh Mi had become the latest food fad that everyone seems to enjoy and being in Philly, we benefit from a respectable size of Vietnamese population residing in South Philly. That being said, the best Banh Mi in Philly is in a small store in Chinatown called Q.T. 
Well, it's not scientific observation of course. All I did is comparing a few bakeries in Chinatown, Ba Le, O Sandwiches and Ziet Cafe in South Philly as well as Sampan around 13th and Walnut, so I'm open to suggestions on places that I should try. But as of now, I'm sticking with Q.T.
Two friendly ladies behind the counter made up the Q.T. sandwich team. They make each sandwich to the order to guarantee maximum bread crispiness and freshness. The prices here are slightly more expensive than conventional Chinatown standards and since it's made to order, there is a 5-10 minutes waiting time but it's quite worth it. 
Like other reviewers have mentioned, each Banh Mi has slightly sweet and sour pickled carrots and cucumbers, fresh cilantro for spice and jalapeno pepper for heat. The non-vegetarian ones are smeared with pate. I usually get the special Banh Mi which contains a combination of three different meats. The bread is toasted and crunchy which compliments the crispy vegetables, the creamy pate and the meat. 
The storefront can be slightly improved and it'd be great if they can speed up some in the sandwich making department but other than that Q.T. is definitely a welcomed addition to the Philadelphia Banh Mi scene.Can't beat this place for a weekly lunch. Actually, I try to make it twice a week... its that good. The house special, bbq pork, and sardine hoagies are some of the best sandwiches I've had. The service is fast and friendly. Definitely try this place if you need a quick, cheap, filling, and healthy lunch!I love this place. Service is always great. Super friendly and helpful.Their Banh Mis are always on point. I'm not a vegetarian but I love their lemongrass tofu banh mi because it's so flavorful which some vegetarian option can lack. 
However, the store is small so it's more of a grab and go place. It does have a small seating area but I would not recommend a party more than 3. Even with 3, I think is pushing it. Still worth it imo.came to this hole in the wall with a coworker to enjoy some banh mi, got the beef. it was delicious! the meat was well marinated and it had the classic vietnamese bread thats crunchy on the outside, but soft in the inside.
i only docked one star because the seating, or there lack of. from my count, there was about 4 seats to sit, and it wasn't designed for eating in.This is the best bahn mi in the city. I started with the lemongrass tofu, moved to chicken which was maybe my favorite chicken sandwich I've ever had, to the BBQ pork and I can honestly say there isn't anything on this menu not worth trying. They have their bahn mi science down pat and they're affordable to boot. The bread is heavenly. Go here.Having tried the tofu banh mi at QT and nearby Iron Tower Deli Shop, I concluded that while both are very good, they are for different tastes.
No mistake about it, the banh mi at QT is great. The bread is fresh, the flavors are spot on, and the hoagie is filling. While the first few bites were amazing, as I went on I began to feel weighed down (there's a lot of mayo put on these banh mi). It seems like their banh mi is a little less healthy than it appears, given this hidden fat. They use less oil and mayo on the Iron Tower banh mi, making it more healthy. 
The interior of QT is not really that nice, especially in comparison with Iron Tower, but it is more spacious. The banh mi at QT are also the most expensive in the area at $5. At Iron Tower Deli Shop you get a banh mi that may not have as complex of flavors as QT (ie no lemon grass), but is only $3. 
So, if you are willing to pay $2 more for a banh mi that tastes slightly better than Iron Tower and is slightly less healthy, and you'd also like to be able to eat-in, I suggest QT. However, if you want the healthier/more inexpensive option, Iron Tower is the way to go. Either way, you'll get a great sandwich.My boyfriend and I split the pork and chicken banh mi.  Both were very good.  The pork meat was not overly fatty, the bread had a good ratio of crispy to soft, and the veggies were fresh.  It was probably my second favorite that I've had in Philly- first being O Sandwiches, which has closed.  
The staff were cheerful and the sandwiches were ready very quickly, which is good when you're on your lunch break and just really hungry!I came upon this place on accident at first. I was seeing my boyfriend off at the Greyhound station and I wanted to get him something to eat for his 8-hour long bus ride. I ran north towards Chinatown for something quick, and QT was the first appealing thing I saw (it's on the block between the Greyhound station and Chinatown). Best decision ever.
I've since gone back and the sandwiches are sooo good, and I've had my share of Vietnamese sandwiches. They toast the baguette to perfection, slice and sautee (or whatever they need to do) the meats as you wait, and fill the sandwiches with pickled carrots, cucumbers, jalapenos and cilantro. I was full after 1/2 a sandwich but the other half made for a great lunch the next day! The staff is super friendly (I think it's a family). There's very little seating, mostly a take-out place. I'm so happy there's a great Vietnamese sandwich place in Philly!What a great find in Philadelphia Chinatown!
We came here for looking for a quick dinner on a Sunday night. Kudos to our server who was very patient in explaining the menu items. This was helpful as we were overwhelmed with the amount of banh mi choices available. Our choice was the #1 QT special. The combination of the meats with the crunchy bread was a very tasty combination! The boba tea was delicious as well and was a perfect pairing for the sandwich!
I will be sure to visit again to try their other sandwiches. Delicious food and friendly service!Unarguably the best Banh Mi Sandwich I ever had!! Try their Signature Banh Mi with home made hot sauce and the sardine sandwich is also a good one.Updated review: I was craving their sandwiches so much, we drove all the way from New York to get it!!! The owner lady is the nicest person you've met and the sandwiches are fresh and delicious!! A must-try! 
We stopped here on our way back to New York. The lemongrass tofu sandwich was ammmmazing and the owners are the nicest people. Will come here again next time I'm in Philly.I am Vietnamese. Grew up with Viet food made by my grandma and these bahn mis come as close to hers! My mom agrees too! So good! I'm hooked.Came across this place on a whim one Sunday trying to get a quick lunch and was blown away. The girl at the counter was super nice and went through what was in the QT special (BBQ pork, Vietnamese ham, and Vietnamese meat) and answered any questions we had. Both myself and my companion both ordered the QT Special and she asked if we wanted to try a different sandwich too and split them. We asked which one was her favorite and cautiously got the Chicken thinking we would like the special better but couldn't not have been happier with her suggestion. I actually liked the chicken more- the spice on the chicken was great, there was mayo, pickled veggies, and jalapeno. It was so good I took a coworker the next day.My favorite lunch spot! Get the QT special with extra pate and the Vietnamese coffee and you will not regret it!I really really like Asian food. My palate is most accustomed and best trained toward Chinese cuisine in particular, but if there is Japanese, Thai, Viet, Malay, Korean, or Burmese around, I will absolutely pounce on it, tongue hanging out, mouth juices flowing. So when I came to Philadelphia a few years ago, I was pretty disappointed to find that almost all of the sit-down restaurants in Chinatown were not overwhelmingly impressive. Most fall in the "quick, convenient, and good enough that I can eat here fairly often but if the prices were any higher it'd be game over" category.
So WOWZA was I pleased to discover this bright orange, borderline shack in front of the Friendship Gate that serves some of the best banh mi you will ever eat (especially in this part of Philly). I get tingly just thinking about the house special, with its flavorful combination of meats in perfect harmony with the assorted greens (and cilantro, yum!). Lemongrass chicken is also a winner. The bread is full-bodied and toasted to just the right texture. Get it spicy, and make sure they give you jalapenos instead of substituting them for cucumbers (lamesauce, if you ask me). The staff is super friendly and accommodating - the elderly woman who makes the banh mi is definitely a contender for most adorable thing to have ever existed.
Each one comes out to about $5 a pop, which is a bit pricey for Ctown but at the same time, quite cheap for any other neighborhood. They are also not the largest sandwiches you'd find in Philadelphia, but trust me, it is still worth every penny. 
Protip: Pay in cash! They do accept credit here but will additionally charge you tax and a $1 processing fee.solid banh mi in this little hole in the wall. my sandwich of choice is is the tofu lemongrass, which is a good sandwich. the bread is excellent, the best of the banh mi i've had in philadelphia. while the tofu and carrots/veggies are solid, they could be a little bit better (fu wah in west philly has great tofu, and kung fu hoagies truck has great veggies). be warned, there are very hot jalapenos hiding inside.
i enjoy it w a can of chrysanthemum tea.
teeny tiny shop, maybe 7 seats tops. solid lunch for a good price. good place to introduce friends to banh mi.I love this place. I love the owners and the perfectly fatty mayo/meat banh mi and the tiny storefront. Even if I hated everything else I'd still come back for the banh mi though. Super cheap, and crispy/crunchy/umami-yI will admit - I was a bit (much) skeptical at first. My friend raved about this  place and their sandwiches... and I wasn't sure if we had the same tastes. When we arrived, I saw the photos of their sandwiches... still didn't look all that appetizing. But I'll always try something new, so I was game.
I asked the sweet, bubbly young lady behind the counter what she would recommend for a first-timer. I finally decided on something (#4, I think. Whatever the chicken sandwich was) and swore that I'd write my friend off if I didn't love the sandwich. My friend stood strong behind her conviction.
The price was definitely right! Less than $5 for the sandwich.
I had to wait til I got home. I thought about reheating it, but my friend said she never reheats it. Okay, fine. I open it up, look at it... ok ok... lots of stuff in it. Still skeptical. But I'm STARVING, so I take a bite. 
And  OH   MY   GOD.  DELISH!! I immediately text my friend to let her know my impression of bite #1, then bite #2. I know she was pleased (and relieved that I didn't end our friendship). I couldn't finish the sandwich so I put the rest in the refrigerator. A few days later, I did reheat the leftovers, and it was JUST AS GOOD. 
This was my first Vietnamese sandwich. The taste... was so different. I'm thinking it's the sauce. But overall, man... it was great! I didn't need to add anything to the sandwich. 
I definitely woke up the morning after thinking about (and slightly craving) the distinct taste. I cannot wait to go back, and try a different sandwich. Perhaps the House Special (I think that's what it's called? The #1).My boyfriend loves this place! We stopped in one day and both had one and he's now been back several times. What I loved the best was the nice warm roll that the sandwich was on. It is much better than any I've had before.Um, yum. I love this little hole in the wall so much! They serve the most delicious Bahn Mi in the city. Fresh crispy rolls, super flavorful ingredients, fast service.
The owners are so nice and friendly! Definitely give this place a try next time you're in the neighborhood.
Cash only!Bread is Perfect crusty. Great smiles.
Could have elaborated on veggies. 
Reference #1 and #2This is my place to go to grab a tasty banh-mi sandwich in the Chinatown area.  I should note that they do have other foods on the menu, but I don't know of anyone who's tried them.  Also they do have a couple of tables and some counter space for eating in, but I usually grab a sandwich to go.
My favorite sandwich is the sardine banh-mi (it's the only place I know that serves them).  Other favorites are the tofu ones -- either lemongrass or mushroom/onion.  Friends who've had the lunchmeat and pork ones enjoyed them.  They also have chicken and beef sandwiches.  The sandwiches are lightly toasted, so they're both warm and have that satisfying outer-edge crunch to them.  Inside, you've got your protein of choice plus shredded/sliced  veggies and sauce.  It's flavorful and filling without leaving you feeling heavy.  And they're a bargain at $5-6 each.
They have an interesting assortment of drinks, but the only one I've gotten so far is the tasty (and rather strong) Vietnamese coffee.  Staff is friendly and may even remember you if you become a (semi) regular.Visit Date: 08.17.2010
This place has the best banh mi, I'm tellin' you, the best. The best! The bread has that wonderful balance of an outer crispness coupled with an inner softness... I believe the bread is the heart of the banh mi; after all that's what the name means. And the meat has fantastic flavor from the spices mixed in with the condiments. This place is a def must try, despite offering pricier banh mi than the typical banh mi from your local Little Saigon community shop.The one thing I miss most about not working in Center City is this place. The most perfectly constructed sandwich I've ever put in my mouth. The rolls are slightly crunchy on the outside with the perfect buttery taste along w/ the yummy cilantro, jalapeno, pickled carrots, and marinated meat.....ahhhhhhhhhhhh thinking about the sandwich makes me want to make a special trip up to the city next weekend. Which I will now...Great place to stop by for a quick and affordable meal in Chinatown. I swear by the House Special #1 with jalapeno peppers. The staff are always super friendly as well.Average banh mi.  I got the chicken and tofu to try my staples. Go down to Washington Ave for banh mi. Nam Son or Lee's Cafe are both better, in my opinion.My first bahn mi. I'm sure I'll have another someday but this was nothing special. Intriguing flavors but very light on the meat. I could have eaten two.for less than $10 you can get a lemongrass tofu bánh mì (say make it vegan and they'll hold the mayo) and bowl of pho chay (vegan pho!)
this is all i need to know to come here pretty much every other day..I was kind of hesitant to write a review of this place after trying it a few times, mostly because it's literally the only place I've ever had bahn mi (I know, I've been living under a rock). My dear and bestest friends Cassie T. and Mark S. SWEAR by the place, and while it is decently good, I always felt like something was off even though I couldn't exactly put my finger on "it" was. All I knew is that whenever they would suggest going there for a quick lunch, I was kind of on the fence. 
So I think it would be fair to say that Q.T. has had two incarnations: one where it was a crammed and tiny shack with literally no personality and a mother/daughter team who made good sandwiches; and one where it's now bright orange, more spacious, and has an additional few members on their staff who are lacking in the sandwich making department. If I was basing this review off of the first incarnation I would probably give it 4 stars, but the second one definitely brings it down one. The daughter makes pretty good hoagies and always put a good amount of vegetables on it, which I loved at the time because I was still a bit skeeved out by the pate. The house special was always on par, although I wasn't the biggest fan of the pork. The new kids that work there? Not so good with the sandwich making. My first time there after their renovations I ordered the lemongrass tofu in an attempt to be healthy (and also because Cassie  T. raved about it) but it was just not good. It was really greasy and full of mayo, which turned the tofu into a sponge of unhealthy. I couldn't really taste the lemongrass either because the mayo really overwhelmed it. I had a house special there a few months ago as well and they really just skimped on everything. Also? Their prices are pretty steep for bahn mi, at least a dollar more than Ba Le (which is my favorite in the city). 
I really wanted to love this place. I wanted to be as much of a regular there as Cassie T. and Mark S, if not more so. I just can't stomach their food sometimes. Literally.I have never tried a vietnamese hoagie.. but yesterday after I left work and was hungry I decided to go into the city and try one... based on the reviews of all the great yelpers.... scoreeeeeee
It's a tiny little place.. and you see the mom in the back cutting up peppers and veggies to prepare for the sandwiches.. there is one little table in the middle.. but I can't see how anybody would sit in there but ok...the  menu is simple, however its simplicity leads to a great array of flavors in your mouth!
I had heard I should try the lemongrass tofu hoagie.. I was going to do this until I saw the mushroom and onion tofu hoagie.. I couldn't decide because I'm in love with mushrooms and onions but had heard such great things about the lemongrass.. so you know what I did! I got it MIXED.. so I had a mushroom onion lemongrass tofu hoagie.. extra spicy.. and I LOVED IT! ,.. 
I also was talked into getting a fruit smoothie.. I had a strawberry & mango smoothie.. it was great... the fruit is frozen not fresh.. however once blended it still tasted good.. especially when it was like 90 degrees outside! 
on top of the good eats.. the food is really cheap.. the sandwiches were like 5$ ,.. and their other options I think noodle options were only like 7$... 
so hurry up and go eat there! Or not more for me!Definitely a hole in the wall kind of place. A mother daughter combo, but when we went only the mother was there. Had the house special sandwich ("spicy"), tofu summer rolls and a Vietnamese coffee. Everything was tasty. Spicy gets the quotation marks because there was some spicy sauce on the sandwich, but not the burn your mouth power I'm use to from these types of dishes. Another (probably regular), customer came in and repeated "very very very spicy" like 20 times to the poor woman for his sandwich. Clearly, he knows whats up.The tofu lemongrass is to die for! Owners are really nice and food is inexpensive. Recommend getting to go as there are just a few seats.I love this place! It has the best bahn mi I've had yet in the city - I especially love the tofu lemongrass and mushroom vegetarian sandwiches! The soup is also good and spicy, and the coffee is cheap and perfect. The cafe is friendly, welcoming and accessible.My co-workers were ordering out, so I ordered the BBQ pork sandwhich, which was amazing. Perfect balance of flavors.I was really excited to try it but although the flavors are good, the sandwiches were really for us.  Not sure if it had too much fish sauce.  The Vietnamese iced coffee was also pretty sweet so we added more water.  The best item we ordered was the pork summer roll, it was pretty good.Vietnamese Bahn Mi. A simple, yet beautifully fresh take on a sandwich. Pickled veggies, savory meat, and a crispy, crusty baguette. It's a fairly perfunctory formula that can pack a punch of flavor. So when I heard about QT Vietnamese Sandwich in Chinatown, I knew I had to check it out. 
If you head to 10th and a little south of Arch Street, look to your right and you'll see a nondescript storefront, devoid of a proper sign. Yet if you look closely, you'll notice the lettering on the windows.
Once you enter inside the tiny shop, take your time and look at the simple menu. They offer other items such as bubble tea and congee, but you're here for the bahn mi. Most of these sandwiches are pried at a very cheap $4.95.
After you order, feel free to sit on a stool or at one of the two tables. But it shouldn't take more than a few minutes. 
Just look at that glorious sandwich ... or is it?
House Special Bahn Mi ($4.95)
The bahn mi's baguette as perfectly toasted (sourced from Jersey), but the overall sandwich lacked flavor. Reading the reviews on Yelp, apparently you can ask to make the sandwich spicy, but that option was not offered. In any proper establishment, the chef or cook would serve their offerings exactly how it should be eaten and how they would want to eat it. Clearly, that was not the case here. 
They did, in fact, ask whether I wanted jalapenos. I said yes. But these sandwiches were devoid of any jalapenos. The carrots, cilantro, and cucumber were indeed fresh, but hardly pickled. The meat consisted of pork and pate, both of which had a subtle sweetness to them.
BBQ Pork Bahn Mi ($4.95)
The BBQ pork also had a subtle sweetness to its sliced meat. However, once again, this version was disappointing as well. Both sandwiches definitely benefited from my own Siracha hot sauce and  pickled jalapenos. 
Overall, I was disappointed by QT. I can see myself stopping by here again simply because the price point was decent and I would like to try the spicy version of these bahn mi. I may upgrade the stars once I try the spicy version. It's unfortunate that Philly doesn't seem to have many outposts serving this oft-enjoyed dish. It certainly makes me miss NYC at times.Warm crispy french bread ... spicy lemonglass tofu with jalapenos -- this place has my ideal sandwich -- at $5 a bargain.This is definitely my go to place in philly to get a banh mi! The bread is nice and soft, and the meat is delicious. I always get the house special .. It does not disappoint. The only downside is this place only takes cash :(This is a quality banh mi. Growing up, my dad use to buy these sandwiches from the local Vietnamese place and I never enjoyed them, but I do recall they were loaded with the veggies (which I picked out anyway). Now being older and smarter, I tried the banh mi again, and these are yummy! I ordered the house special and although it is slightly pricey for the amount they give, it is perfectly toasted and flavorful. I think I prefer the lack of veggies. Every bite was just perfect. The boyfriend even ate a whole sandwich and he is not normally a fan.Gem of a place, nicest staff in Chinatown and for a native Philadelphian I think I can safely say maybe even the city! Bread always warm which adds a lot.Fast, cheap, cheerful, awesome music videos. Also their sandwiches are delicious, perfectly sized to fill you up but not put your brain into carb-hibernation. My go-to lunch spot by Jefferson.This is the place I always go for bahn mi sandwiches. Recently they have upped the price, but I still love it. It's still cheap for a large, good sandwich, as it's Chinatown!
What's good:
The tofu and the house special are really good choices. The tofu is a bit spicy, as a warning, but it's a good combination of flavors.
Their bread is a perfect amount of crispy. One time we ordered sandwiches, and they apologized that they wouldn't have their usual good bread, showing just how dedicated they are to the food quality.
Tips:
This is barely a sit down restaurant. It is very small, with a little bar table and two tables to sit.
You can go next door after for their Hong Kong snacks and egg waffle. It is a delicious combo to end your meal.I come here all the time. I'm vegetarian, so I alternate between the lemongrass tofu banh mi and tofu mushroom onion banh mi. Both are delicious! Tofu mushroom onion is spicier and lemongrass tofu is more light. If you don't want to eat a lot of bread (the sandwiches are pretty big!) you can ask for the sandwiches scooped out. The tofu in both are cooked perfectly and I am always so satisfied after eating here :)Got to finally try #9 with lemongrass tofu and it wasn't as good as #1, sad to say.  It was just meh.  
#1 all the way!  I believe they put a slice of nem nuong (grilled pork patties or 'bbq pork' as they call it here) into the mix.  Oops... was I supposed to say that?  Anyway, I can't wait to try #2 because I know there will be a whole bunch of them nem nuongs in there.  Love the nem nuongs!After hearing about Banh Mi for awhile I decided I had to give it a try so my friend and I decided to head to QT in Chinatown. Unfortunately they were out of their normal bread so we didn't get the full effect of the sandwich. So my first tip for here is to go early because they are quite popular and make amazing and cheap sandwiches (less than 5 bucks) so they are in danger of running out. I had the lemongrass tofu and it was one of the best preparations of tofu I've ever had.  It was fantastic! The cucumbers, carrots, and cilantro really brightened up the sandwich and the fresh jalapeno (you need to ask for it) gave the sandwich a bright kick. They also have soups, noodles and rice dishes. I want to try those out too. I cannot wait to go back here and try their normal rolls.Yummy yummy yummy summer rolls in my tummy!
As promised, I ventured back to Q.T. to try out the summer rolls, opting for the chicken version.  My $3 provided me three fat rolls about 6" in length filled with lettuce, carrots, vermicelli, sauteed lemongrass chicken and (I think) a smidgen of finely chopped peanuts accompanied by a little cup of a chili-vinegar-oil dipping sauce.  They were not the best summer rolls I have ever had in that the chicken was a tiny bit dry and they were a little heavy on the vermicelli.  However, for the price, they were out of this world!
I also got a $5 large order of the chicken noodle pho that ended up yielding three generous bowls of noodles, tender chicken and a little jalapeno in a broth that was a little salty and simply flavored, but quite pleasant.
A lemongrass chicken sandwich (purchase for my husband, as I couldn't even come close to finishing my rolls and soup) was just as delicious as the first one I bought.
The service was again delightful, and this place could quickly turn into an addition.Just what I was looking for! Next time I'll ask for more carrots on my Banh Mi only because that's one of my favorite ingredients. I got the bbq pork which was excellent!Banh Mi that is of decent size and decent price. The biggest problem with Banh Mi for me is that the bread is usually too dry and crunchy with crumbles falling apart everywhere. To me, great bread is essential to any great sandwich, not just Banh Mi. Q.T. does a good job of addressing this concern of mine. Their sandwiches are on a baked bread that is crunchy on the outside, but soft on the inside and not dry. This makes a huge difference to me and I like Q.T. sandwiches for this reason. One thing to note is that I like asking for no jalapenos. I like spice but the burn from eating a slice of jalapenos, with seeds in them, completely ruins my palate for a couple of minutes.Very affordable awesome Vietnamese hoagies. Super friendly folks behind the counter.After reading an article in Philadelphia Magazine listing the best sandwiches in the city, I decided I needed to make a stop into Q.T.
I ordered the house special, Chicken, barbecued pork, compressed pig ears, pâté mayonnaise, and cucumber-cilantro-carrot-jalapeño garnish. 
It was tasty, but I was a bit distracted by the fact that there are compressed pig ears on my sandwich. The pickly carrots made it though.
I'll go back, but maybe try something a little less daring.QT makes the best banh mi in Philadelphia. The prices are pretty reasonable for what you get- a huge, made fresh to order sandwich with super fresh ingredients. A few times, eating here has made me choke a teeny bit and my eyes water uncontrollably because the chef tends to leave the seeds in the jalapeno and it can be pretty intense.  Obviously, the sandwiches are just addictively good, as I just keep going back for more. Plus, the people that work there are so nice and welcoming. If you've never had banh mi, QT will have you hooked in no time, and if you're just in the area and already a fan- it will stand up to your favorite.Was in downtown for a conference and was happy this place was so close! It's cash only, so be prepared. The sandwiches are pretty big, although I was happy to not share with my gf. I had the number one, the house special, and she had the pork. She liked my sandwich better and we went back the next day for more. It's a small little shop with a couple tables and stools. Lots of regulars were coming in and the employees seemed to remember them all. I'd be a regular if I lived there too.Just went there for the first time and this place is amazing. Got the number #1 after previously ordering the pork. The owner said if this is your first time, you should try the #1 as it is the most popular. The ingredients were so fresh and the bread was amazing....super soft on the inside and crunchy on the outside. I am a fan and will be back.I go to Q.T. Vietnamese Sandwich every time I get a chance to when I am in Philly. The sandwiches are great and so is pretty much everything else on the menu. What's nice about the place is that the prices are very reasonable and you get high quality homemade food! The owners are are very friendly and very helpful if you're not familiar with their menu. This place is a must go for some Vietnamese if you are in Philly. I highly recommend!Breakfasted here while in Philly and was treated to coffee and chicory which, somehow, despite my very specific sugar and cream needs, was made just like I like it.  Better, even.  
The lemongrass tofu sandwich, if not a strange choice for breakfast, was amazing: spicy jalepeno!  And it was so very fresh: the carrots and lemongrass, especially.  The bread was nice; the tofu, awesome.
This cool, low-key joint opens at 8 a.m. and has just really nice staff and cheery orange walls.The make a decent vegan sandwich, and the soup isn't bad. (If you tell them to make it really spicy, they really will make it spicy.) The vegan sandwich could have a little more flavor, though!Local, authentic Banh Mi sandwich shop!
The Good: Q.T. serves up French baguettes filled with Vietnamese meats, cilantro, pickled carrots, and jalapenos. Banh mi sandwiches are all about the bread, and Q.T. absolutely nails it -- their bread is crisp and toasty outside but soft and warm on the inside. The sandwich toppings, while not generous in quantity, are very flavorful and mesh wonderfully -- spicy, salty, savory, sour, and slightly sweet. And don't be daunted by the menu, just go for the Special. Great place to stop by on a hungry afternoon!
The Bad: The place is kind of a hole, not exactly the kind of place that will impress a date. It doesn't help that the whole interior is painted a garish neon orange. Q.T.'s service, while friendly, can be a bit slow considering it's a sandwich shop.
Don't forget: To ask for extra meat! And grab a cup of boba tea from Tea Do down the block.I often make excuses in order to be in the area so I can eat banh mi from here. The lemongrass tofu is maybe my favorite thing to eat in all of Philadelphia. For a while, I was going so much that the woman behind the counter totally recognized me, and when I didn't come in for a bit she asked "where have you been?" The tofu noodle soup they have on weekends is also amazing. Would give 10 stars if I could!I always find myself coming here for a quick lunch to go. What can I say? I love Vietnamese hoagies and it's so convenient. Go for the house special, you won't regret it.I wish this place was closer to home or school.  They are extremely clean and when we went, looked like 3 generations of women in the same family were working there and the grandma was sitting on a stool cross-legged learning to read English from an American newspaper--super cute.  The granddaughter speaks perfect English and after she explained to me that the grilled pork is seasoned with lemongrass while the bbq pork is sliced and seasoned with bbq sauce, I went with the latter.  I had tried Viet Huong yesterday so I was very excited to compare the 2 different places.  This place costs more ($1.45) to be exact, but the baguette is longer (no dirty thoughts please!).  It is not as toasted and they use mayo.  There isn't too much of it but I feel like it completely changes the taste of the banh mi.  The pickled carrots and radish were great but I could do with some more cilantro.  There was plenty of spice from freshly chopped jalepeno peppers.  
The pictures I posted make the sandwich not look very sizeable but I was surprisingly very full after I ate this sandwich.  They also served me tap water with plenty of ice in a nice glass.  There are some bar stools and a couple of tables--pretty small place.  I will definitely be back!Was turned on to this place about 30 days ago... have probably had 20 Q.T. hoagies since then. So yeah, this place rules. Cheap prices, super fresh ingredients, nice staff, small clean shop... all the key ingredients needed for a great sandwich joint.
Have tried each sandwich at least once. The bread this place uses is UNBELIEVABLE! Crusty french baguette - the perfect compliment/texture for the fresh veggies, spicy meats of the sandwich. Similar to the bread Tony Luke uses for cheesesteaks (much better than the Amoroso rolls everyone else serves). These sandwiches are almost "refreshing" in that the fresh veggies and spice compliment one another so well that you feel clean and energized after eating. 
Highly recommend the barbequed pork sandwich. 
Steer clear of any sandwich with the "Vietnamese Meat" in it... I am not totally sure, but I think this particular cold cut may have cartilage in it, that or hard coagulated fat. Glad I tried it so I know what it is/tastes like, but these translusent "chunks" are kinda gross if you aren't expecting them.
Anyway, Q.T.  =  Cheap and Delicious... check it out.Seriously the lemongrass tofu is so delicious I could it everyday. This is a must stop for every visit to Philly for us!I was in Philly for a dental school interview.  Because I'm a HUGE fan of Vietnamese sandwiches, I always try to find them wherever I happen to be.   I tried both the pork sandwich, and the sardine sandwich, and they were both great!  They are however a little more expensive than the others that I've had in the past- $4.95 each.  
What really made the experience for me was the service.  The people there were really nice and engaging and the service was impeccable. I literally had a 10-15 minute conversation with the girl at the counter. Apparently, if you want you can call ahead and they'll bring your sandwiches out to your car, that way you don't have to worry about finding parking.  My one complaint is that the bags they put the sandwiches in are a bit flimsy.  I took 3 sandwiches to go (I stock up whenever I get the chance to get Vietnamese sandwiches since there are none to be found near where I live) and the handle broke off the bag right as I stepped out of the store causing 2 of my sandwiches to fall onto the dirty sidewalk. :(.Delish!  The sandwiches are awesome and you've got good variety of toppings.  Plus you can customize and they never upcharge for it.  The staff is also as sweet as pie!  Interacting with them is always a pleasure.  The soups, the tofu salad... everything here rules.  Head over immediately.Banh Mi at its best. Vietnamese food is one of my favorite things about Philly, and I have yet to taste a better version of this sandwich anywhere in the city. BBQ Pork and House Special were both excellent, and the service was very friendly - she gave us recommendations for our next visit (Lemongrass Chicken & Tofu) and even explained why they get their bread from a bakery in N. Jersey to ensure that they use a traditional French-style roll. 
Highly recommend.Solid good place for vietnamese sandwiches and the right price. The spring rolls were just OK, but I was mainly there for the sandwich anyway. The service is super friendly and nice.I stumbled onto this place, yelped it, and decided to go in. After looking at reviews, I opted for the lemongrass tofu. It's not very flavorful but was still good. I asked for mine spicy, but I wasn't sure if they actually made it spicy. That was a question mark to me. 
After eating half, the woman behind the counter asked me if I was vegetarian. they have different recommendations for vegetarians vs. non-vegetarians. You might say "Duh!" but I mean different tofu recommendations. The lemongrass is less flavorful, so strict vegetarians are usually ok with this one. However, the tofu with onions and mushrooms is what they recommend for meat-eaters. I guess i fit that category since I do eat meat but not a lot of it and usually prefer vegetables. So, I ended up ordering another banh mi with tofu, onions, and mushrooms to save it for later. That one is a lot more flavorful. This is a popular place for vegetarians. And the price is good. The workers are really friendly! 
P.S. No water cups. BYO bottle or buy.Really amazing value. I got the mushroom tofu Ban mi and it was stellar. Perfect lunch spot. Lots of Kelly Clarkson music videos on the tv which I love so much. Take a chance and you won't be disappointed.After a small victory over the PPA, I decided to treat myself to lunch during the walk back to my car.  I managed to park right out front of QT's and decided I'd give them a try.  I've heard about Vietnamese Sandwiches before, but never had one prior to QTs.  
Overall, my House Special (Banh Mi Dac Biet) was fresh and tasty.  They made it spicy for me, which wasn't quite as spicy as I expected.  Every sandwich comes with cilantro, pickled carrots, jalapeno peppers, and cucumbers and is toasted.  I agree with some of the other posts that service can be slow, but will say they didn't seem to take that long to prepare my sandwich. $4.95 did seem a bit high for Chinatown lunch, but I don't have any other reference points for Vietnamese Sandwiches.
Also note, while they accept credit, there will be a small fee, so bring cash and make it easier on everyone!I was hungry and wanted Vietnamese, actually wanted to try the vegetarian soup here, but they didn't have it. So I got the banh mi with tofu and mushroom onions. I am not usually a big fan of sandwiches but this was really good. Tasty tofu with good spice and texture, fresh veggies and warm toasted fresh baguette when put together is great. Slightly on the dry side but I guess it's better than being soggy. Will be back to try the other veggie options.QT's sandwiches are fine, but they are not generous on their loyal customer perks. You cannot combine punch cards, nor use your punch card with any other offers. This is written on their cards, but I feel they should be more flexible, especially for customers who continue to return to their restaurant.This place is sort of hard to see from the street but it's worth the hunt. I've sampled both tofu Bánh mì and the lemongrass tofu is my favorite. The baguettes are baked fresh and they taste it. 
The place only seats like 6 or 7 people max but the service is great and they accept credit cards.I've been coming here for a looooooong time & the food is still perfection! Their banh mi's are A1 & their platters are so yummy! My favorite is the grill pork. I have gotten my bf hooked on this place & I plan on getting more friends to check this hidden gem.Bahn mi w tofu onions and mushrooms: fresh and tasty. Amazing bread. Only point off for asking for spicy and it was anything but. Quality was excellent thoughI love this sandwich place. Bread is hot and the meat taste fresh. I know it's fresh and authentic vietnamese food because owner  Annie's  mom is cooking right there. My friend Rich and I have business trip to Philly once a year. This is always the first place we drop by. #1 house special is our favorite. Just wish there is awesome place like this in ct.For an introduction to the banh mi sandwich, this place is a great choice. I see that a lot of people are saying that $4.95 is expensive, but in Center City I've paid more for horrible food. Q.T. is definitely not horrible. The bbq pork banh mi and I started off on the right foot when I got my first bite of cilantro and meat. I love how the sandwiches aren't stuffed to the max like Italian sandwiches. It was sweet and filling each and every bite, without making me feel like a bloated whale afterwards. I will definitely be stopping back here next time I'm exploring Chinatown.Best tofu banh mai I've had in ages.Vietnamese sandwich with pork, pickled carrots, cilantro and a crunchy warm bread?  And a vietnamese Iced coffee?  I'm in heaven!  I'll be back!BEST Bahn MI in Philly! The staff are amazing. Super chill and laid back. Also have VEGAN!This review is for the tofu bahn mi.  As a vegetarian, I've always felt left out of the bahn mi revolution but not at QT with two different veg bahn mi. I had a delicious lemon grass tofu banh mi served up quickly and kindly.  Looking forward to many return trips and to also trying out the tofu with mushrooms and onions.I love this place- I went at least twice  for the chicken sandwich when I was in town for a conference. Delicious and cheap- what else could you ask for?I really wanted to like this place after all I've read about it.  I decided to stop in on Saturday afternoon and finally try it out since it seems to be all the rave on Yelp.  There was only one person ahead of me fortunately, so no line or anything.  It's a perfectly sized place for taking out.
I ordered both the lemongrass tofu and lemongrass chicken, and went halfsies with my dad.  The bread was disheartening.  I would almost guess that it wasn't fresh.  The internal stuff wasn't anything to write home about either.  Although the tofu was the better of the two.  The chicken was a bit dry.  
Given all they hype and great reviews, I do intend to give them another shot and update my review.  The service was friendly, and the place was quaint and clean.  Perhaps it was just an off day.holy crap! best banh mi i have EVER had.
this place is a bit of a hole in the wall off of arch street in chinatown, but as soon as you walk in it hits you in the face - the charm and bright orange walls! 
for such a small spot, there is a good amount of seating. we quickly ordered and the two employees working there were two of the nicest people! they took our orders with a smile (which is something i value a lot!), brought our food to us, made it quickly and exactly tailored to how we liked it, and even though they technically weren't servers, they made sure to check up on how we liked it half way through our meal.
this banh mi blew my mind. whatever spicy sauce they use on it is incredible! i got the tofu onion & mushroom hoagie. i highly suggest it. for only $5 you get a 12 inch hoagie that will bring you straight to heaven, i swear on it. 
i WILL be here again as soon as possible.At the request of the two ladies who helped me, I must say I had a damn good Banh Mi. Maybe I'll stop at Saigon Bakery on the way home to be sure of which is better. Can't wait to be back to try the recommended styles.Came all the way from New York. Aiming to get Vietnamese sandwich. QT did not disappoint us at all. Definitely comming back for more! Got 10+ sandwich today and they offered a free one! Great deal!QT Vietnamese Sandwiches stands out to anyone walking down the streets of Chinatown. Looking in, you will notice the bright orange paint from top to bottom. 
We decided to try the Chicken Pho that was advertised by the sign outside. It wasn't anything really special. QT is better known for their sandwiches, but I remember trying one back in the day and it was average at best. I plan on trying it again in the future.My favorite bahn mi place. Their bahn mi has just the right ratio of meats, veggies, and bread.  The workers are super friendly too. I usually get #1 which I think is their special. Cash onlyThis sandwich shop is so awesome.  5 bucks or so.  Fantastic bread.  Great traditional sandwich.  Friendly employees.  Bail on Subway or Hoagies or Grinders or Cheesteak and give it a shot.The staff is adorable and I hope they do well, and I've liked the sandwiches that I've tried so far. Note that the barbecued pork sandwich is actually a sliced up magenta/cerise coloured pork sausage versus the grilled pork which contains the typical little pieces of pork. The milk tea is fine, the vietnamese coffee wasn't as strong or as sweet as I would have liked (even though I saw the giant can of sweetened condensed milk on the counter- go elsewhere for this). Also note that they close around 7pm which is something I kept forgetting the first few times I tried to go there.
There are a few steps up which I've seen ppl trundle their baby strollers up and down and it's not wheelchair accessible but I'm pretty sure the staff would take an order from the door and bring it out.Eh, I'm not trying to be picky, but I can honestly say that I've had better banh mis at some of the food trucks around town. The flavors were okay, but the food wasn't distributed evenly throughout the sandwich. Trust me when I say a mouthful of jalapenos is not a fun time.EXCELLENT SANDWICHES.
Everything is made to order (even the summer rolls) and everything I've had so far has been delicious. The bread they use is that perfect french style crunch on the outside and soft on the inside and the assembled sandwich has all the right tasty flavors. Looks and tastes very authentic to me.
I've only had the banh mih (sandwiches) and summer rolls here but I'd love to try a soup dish at some point. It appears the soup varies daily.
This is a small place but has some seating for people just looking for a quick bite or casual lunch. Service was fast even though it was made to order and the woman at the counter was very nice.
I would definitely go again and recommend this place to anyone.This place is good as hell-- TOFU HOAGS!This is the BEST Vietnamese Hoagie I've EVER had....okay...I've only tried them at two other spots but QT wins (in my book)!!!  
The daughter took my order (House Special) asked if I wanted jalepenos (yes please throw extra cilantro on there too please).  I couldn't WAIT to get back to work to get my greedy on!!!
The bread has the right amount of crunch...no unchewable mystery meat..spicy like I like and I was in heaven!!!  Thanks goodness I ordered two (I really believe the reviews on yelp) thinking it was going to be THAT good and I'd one one for dinner!!!
I also ordered the Thai Tea...eh.  I know I should've listened to my fellow yelpers and ordered the Lychee Mango smoothie.  I've learned my lesson :(
They DO take credit cards BUT they add tax...next time I'll just have the cash in hand...rather than paying a convenience fee.I can't believe I haven't written a review of Q.T. yet!  I've been here about a dozen times, and really love this place.  While the food is great (more on that later), the best part is definitely the service.  The girl who works there is always so friendly - I always leave with a smile!  I usually get the lemongrass chicken and tofu bahn mi.  I really like how they blend tofu and meat in their sandwiches - it's a really nice balance.  I am not usually a tofu fan, but the thin slices and lemongrass flavor have converted me (at least in the context of their bahn mi).  The bread is always perfectly toasted and the sandwich is topped with yummy pickled cucumbers and carrots.  On my most recent trip I tried a combination of the lemongrass tofu and the onion and mushroom tofu, which was decent, but I prefer just the lemongrass.  The onion and mushrooms are well marinated, but are a bit too heavy on the soy sauce flavor for my taste.  
The drinks here are awesome - sometimes I'll swing by just for those.  My favorite is the Iced (definitely go iced) Ying Yang, which is a mixture of tea, coffee, milk and sugar (don't quote me on the last two, but there is definitely some kind of sweetener in it).  The lychee mango smoothie is also delicious - the lychee really complements the mango and adds an interesting (subtle) twist.It is so hard to find true, authentic, Vietnamese sandwiches in the US (well on the East coast anyway). This is one of the few places that actually delivers. It's a teeny, unassuming little hole in the wall that has some of the nicest, friendliest, staff preparing AMAZING food. Yes, the lemongrass tofu is amazing, but the house special is where it's at.Wow - I just had an awesome sandwich!
On my first visit to Q.T.  Banh Mi to grab a late take-out lunch on a Saturday, I went with the chicken lemongrass banh-mi.  It was assembled in about 5 minutes and the result was an excellent pocket of crusty French bread filled with flavorful sauteed chicken slices, carrots, cucumber, jalapeno and cilantro.  This sandwich also yielded change (only $0.05, but still change) from a five.
While I was waiting, a plate of delicious looking summer rolls came out, helping me decide what to order on my next visit, which will likely be soon.  If they live up to their appearance, they will take Q.T. right up to 5 stars!This place is okay but going downhill fast.  I had the steak sandwich today, and it was 5% edible steak and 95% hard fat.  As others have pointed out, for this price, it should be better quality.
Despite what a lot of these suburban-born, Rittenhouse-type commenters are saying, I don't find the young lady to be friendly or charming, but rather annoying.  Too pushy and fake and too much Wharton.  Not enough authentic friendliness or even authentic apathy, which is what I expect in Chinatown.
I would recommend going down to Washington Ave. for a more authentic experience.Mmmmm Banh Mi!  I tried the house special sandwich and it was so delicious I went back later that afternoon to get another!  It had different kinds of meats and veggies and this yummy mayo like spread.  They have a variety of other sandwiches too, and all are around $5.00.  That's a little pricier compared to other places where you can find Banh Mi, especially in NE Philly.  Oh well, I'd still go back because it's conveniently located in chinatown.I pick up a sandwich from this place probably 3 times a week. This was the first place I ever tried a bahn mi sandwich, but after having a few around the city, it's still my favorite. Sure, it's a little more expensive then the places on Washington and the surrounding area always smells like rotten garbage (welcome to Chinatown!), but I feel my $1.50 is well worth it. As Center City goes, it's still a great deal for lunch.
On any given day the staff consists of one of two mother/daughter teams. They are really polite and attentive. After spending so much time here I sort of wish I had a little Vietnamese grandma. 
Most people come for the sandwiches and they are all good. My favorite definitely being the grilled pork, extra spicy. The shrimp rolls are also pretty tasty. The soups look amazing, but I've yet to try one.
Tip: Call ahead and forego standing shoulder to shoulder in the cramp space while they make your sandwich.I've bahn mi-ning to tell you...that Q.T. Vietnamese Sandwich is *officially* delicious. At the insistance of a good friend, I stopped by this petite hole on in the wall during lunch a few months ago, and picked up a #9 - Lemongrass Tofu Bahn Mi.  I've been back once a week ever since.
I don't say this lightly...O.M. effing G. Crunchy veggies & the perfect amount of sauce sitting atop the most substantial tofu I've ever tasted in a sandwich. I would challenge anyone who is tofu-averse to tell me that it's not filling.  My officemate loves #2, the BBQ Pork, although I've never tried it.
This place is small, so a fun option would be to order the bahn mis to go and then walk over to Washington Square Park for a picnic. In the meantime, mosey on over to Q.T. ASAP!I've been a fan of Q.T. for years now, and I've consistently gotten their banh mis for the crunchy bread and perfect mixture of flavors inside!
I've noticed that on my recent visit, the prices have risen to $5.50, which plus tax comes up to be just around $6. Still definitely not a bad price for the really big bahn mi that you get, but I think I will try to see if Lola's down the street at $4 can deliver the same thing.
Super friendly and quick service, cash only! Ask for a loyalty card - buy 10, get the 11th one free! A big plus is that they open at 8am and close at 7pm, which means that I can grab a banh mi to go in the morning for lunch (or dinner) if I am around chinatown in the morning (which I happen to find myself in a lot :P)Stopped here on a layover on greyhound. Fantastic bahn mi. The house special is so good. Bread light and airy, pâté good, the mix of veggies so simple and great. I've been craving a good bahn mi as I live in NYC and my neighborhood doesn't have a lot of places for Vietnamese food. I grew up on the west coast and this sandwich is totally up to par.For some strange reason, I doubted that I could get a real banh mi in Philly. I got a weird, carnal craving one saturday and decided to ride down to chinatown for a cheap lunch. I was not disappointed.
I got their house special, which was pretty classic fare. A cute little old lady took my order and heated up my baguette...wait, that sounds ridiculous. Anyway, it was good.
I thought it was too expensive, compared to the baoguette in Chinatown New York, but it's actually a really large sandwich. I struggled to finish the whole sandwich, and I don't think the extra stiff baguette helped the matter.
Brad's rating (out of 5):
Price: 3
Food: 5
Decor: whatevs, it's not like you're staying
Service: 5 
Wild card: You better bust out your where's waldo eyes, because I passed this place 2 times before I realized what a hole in the wall it was.This sandwich shop is a very welcome addition to Chinatown and the Convention Center area. The hoagies are delicious and relatively cheap, by Center City standards; try finding another place in the proximity where you can get a good sandwich for $4.95. The women who work here are very friendly and accommodating, and even though there are only two people behind the counter at any given time, I've never had to wait more than 5 minutes for my order to come up. I can heartily recommend any of their pork based banh mi; the lemongrass chicken noodle dish was disappointing though.Pros:
The ladies are quick and nice.
There's a nice lemon-pepper taste in the sauce they slab across the bread - which sort of differentiates it. 
The bread is pretty good and crisp. 
They take credit. 
Cons:
They are skimpy with the meat and filling. Ordered several Banh Mi Dac Biet and that usually means it's gonna be loaded but it wasn't at all. 
The price ($4.95) is a bit on the high side for what they give you. Most places are in the $3.00-$3.50 range.
The preparation area looks dingy and cramped.
You have to buy ten sandwiches to get a free one, usually it's five at other places.
One of the ladies behind the counter looks depressing.
Conclusion:
Overall, I think this place is not bad to grab a quick meal or sandwich to go. But I would say their sandwiches don't taste all that different to other places. At this moment I actually prefer Viet Huong's sandwiches and they've making it for years. They always keep the proportion of crisp bread to the filling just right. One is $3.50, buy five and you get one free. I think they actually give more meat that QT's $5 banh mi. Of course, the ladies at QT are nice and all but in terms of product quality, it's a little sub-par for what you are paying for their sandwiches. If I'm paying premium price, I want a premium sandwich! And they just don't meet that standard.They ran out of bread when I showed up at 7 pm.  That was a bummer - but it means they have FRESH BREAD....
I returned the next day and had the chicken sandwich.  I can tell you that is is better than the other joints in the area.I'm entirely grateful for a bahn mi shop that is much more centrally located than the famous Fu-Wah or the South Philly bahn mi representations. 
The small space was cute, bright and clean for what is essentially a take-away sandwich shop. 
As far as I'm concerned, there really is no such thing as a bad bahn mi, but the lemongrass tofu I had just couldn't even compare to Fu-Wah's. Although I noticed cracked black pepper and lemongrass on the tofu, I found the tofu itself to be slightly bland. The pickled carrot and cilantro adds a perfectly invigorating foil to the tofu , but I'm not overly impressed. I'm not sure if I'm developing a spice tolerance, but my hoagie was supposed to be spicy, and I couldn't taste it at all.Decent sandwiches. I had the qt special banh mi. The bread was nice and crusty. Wish there was a little more filling inside though, like one more piece of everythingI can thank Yelp for getting me hooked on banh mi.  I didn't know what it was until last month.  Since then, I've been on the look out for the best banh mi Philly has to offer.  
QTVS offers a pretty good banh mi.  I have had both the tofu and the bbq pork banh mi.  Both are great.  I love the bread here.  I also like the option of fresh jalapeno and pickled veggies.  Sure, the sandwiches are a little more expensve, but I think they're worth it.
The sesame milk tea is sooooo good.  Sometimes I wonder if I make my way toward QTVS just for that.
The summer rolls-I've had tofu and chicken, are delicious.  They are made to order.  
The staff is nice, and service is quick.
There are limited drink options, and about ten seats for people to dine in.I am Vietnamese and I know the real deal. The sandwiches here are soooo good. I could eat them every day.  I like to get the special, grilled pork or bbq pork.  The lemongrass sandwiches are also good.  I make sure that they all come with pate!  I think I got the Vietnamese coffee once which was strangely not authentic (because the people who work there definitely are Vietnamese).LOVE the lemongrass tofu banh mi. I get it with sriracha instead of mayonnaise. Fast and friendly. There's a few seats to eat in, or grab and go! A+Got my Vietnamese coffee fix here! If you don't like it sweet best move on because this has quite a bit of condensed milk in it.
But I like my coffee sweet so this place hit the spot! Will be back! I hear they have one of the best Bahn Mi's in Chinatown.I've been here a few amount of times.  Only have ever gotten the lemongrass chicken.  Fresh and awesome.Experienced my first Vietnamese hoagie today! 
This place is small, but has a table and a short bar with stools if you want to eat in, which we did. The two girls behind the counter were cheerful and perky, as was the decor - in addition to being shiny and clean. Service was quick and efficient - all you should expect in a sandwich shop. 
I ordered the Lemongrass Tofu hoagie, which I heard tell was quite tasty - and it was! Though I think mine could have been a bit more lemongrass-y. The roll was the epitome of what a hoagie roll should be, and was worth the excursion in and of itself. Half a sandwich was filling enough, so for around $5 you can get two lunches out of it - and you feel just so darn healthy eating it.I am a huge fan of banh mi sandwiches in nyc. 
For about $5, I usually get a classic/traditional banh mi from QT, although their bbq'd pork is pretty good. The bread could be better, but otherwise the sandwich is pretty good for the price. I just wish it was a bit more substantial with the filling.
The best part of QT is if you call them ahead of time, you can put on your hazard lights and pull up in front of the fire hydrant. When you give them a call, they'll come out and drop off the sandwich at your window.
Be wary of the jalapenos, they ask if you want them. Get them on the side until you are sure you can handle them, they are pretty damn spicy.It's too bad I can't give 3.5 stars for Q.T. Therefore, I have to round down. Sorry, I can't round up with what I experienced.
With Yelper reviews,  House special and Lemongrass tofu sandwiches were ordered. Mango Lychee smoothie and Summer roll were also ordered since I'm not sure when I'll be back in Philly again.
The bread was crispy and light. It was a big sandwich but not enough fillings - lack of meat, cucumber and cilantro. Lemongrass tofu sandwich was OK. The tofu was a little bland as I kept eating the sandwich. I like house special better than lemongrass tofu sandwich. I've had better. My first Binh Mi sandwich experience was in Oakland, CA. What a standard it set. The smoothie and summer roll were ok. The service was a nice experience. The girl (I'm presuming she's the owner's daughter) is overly friendly.
This was a nice change of meal since I've been eating out for 4 days now.YES! A delicious banh mi sandwich, walking distance from my place! For $5.5 - 6.5, you too can savor this vietnamese classic. 
Warm, toasted french bread, still soft in the middle, filled with sliced cucumber, pickled shredded carrot, cilantro, jalapeño, and your choice of meat or tofu. I opted for the lemongrass tofu and my bf got the #1 house special, which is a combination of bbq pork, ham, and paté. While the lemongrass tofu was good, I would probably go with the house special next time, it was an excellent flavor combination. The fresh, toasted french bread alone is enough for another visit.
Service was friendly and fast. The restaurant is quite small though, so plan on taking your order to-go if you're with a group. Cash only!Too good to be true! A 12-inch, moderately stuffed sandwich for under $5 is hard to find. Now, I know what you're thinking: Can't you get that at Subway?" Why my fellow Yelpers, yes, you can, but at what cost? QT Sandwich is able to do what many Vietnamese Hoagie vendors or regular $5 deal sandwich vendors aren't able to do: Make a damn good sandwich that will have you coming back not once, but twice, thrice, may be four times per week, and not just because it's a convenient place to do lunch at when you're in the city. Though, the convenience does help. 
QT makes your sandwiches to order. For me, it has always been the lemongrass tofu (because I'm a vegetarian), but the mushrooms, tofu, and onions tastes great, too! 
QT toastes your crusty on the outside, but buttery and soft on the inside baguette, and then stuffs your sandwich with pickled carrots and daikon, cilantro, cucumbers, jalapenos (extra for me and the house sauce), and lemongrass tofu all on a nicely buttered bread with aioli. Eat it there while it's hot, or get it to go. Either way, you'll be satisfied with this gift from the sandwich gods! 
If by chance you're not craving a sandwich, their soups, noodles, and rice platters are excellents options, too! I've only had the lemongrass tofu rice platter (aside from the sandwich), but from what I've observed, they seem to make it just like Grandma's. Cuisine this authentic is hard to find, especially at such a rock bottom price. Go there. Order a sandwich, a rice platter, spring rolls, or boba tea. You won't be disappointed. 
Oh, but bear in mind, this place is not a 5-star restaurant aesthetically. So, if you're looking for that, then you might be disappointed with the layout and decor. If you're not, and you're just looking for a great place to chow down, then this place is for you! 
**One too many food comas I've developed after eating at this place during my lunch hour. And OH, does it take its time working its way out of your system. Productivity level flatlines at this point.I got the house special banh mi sandwich. It was larger than I expected and had a good balance of meats/vegetables. The baguette was also really good. Unfortunately it was extremely salty and that ruined the meal a bit for me."Ridiculous".    I use this in the VERY BEST WAY about this quaint shop's Banh Mi.
I don't even know where to begin;  it was 20 minutes of lip-smacking nirvana.
Fantastic bread,  which completely makes the sandwich.
I got the lemongrass tofu,  based on recommendations of other Yelpers and it did not disappoint.
The 2 women who were at the helm of this establishment were lovely and enthusiastic and accommodating.   I indicated I liked things pretty spicy and I received more diced jalapeño peppers, complete with seeds,  AND Sriracha sauce!
Iced coffee was superb. 
Not only will I return,  but I will shout out praises to anyone who will listen for the sandwich you must not miss here in Philly.Found this gem on Yelp and the reviews didn't lie. It's a small hole in the wall with a few seats. The two girls manning the shop were very friendly and ready for a nice conversation. 
I tried the House Special with jalapeños and it was absolutely delicious. With a can of coke it came out to $5.95, a great bargain. Note, they only take cash but it shouldn't be a problem when it's this cheap.Having been spoiled with amazing banh-mi in Boston, I was incredibly hesitant to go out of my comfort zone, but you can't go wrong with the spicy chicken sandwich!
Must get: spicy chicken
Meh: specialty sandwich
Missed: the tofu sandwich
Traditional banh-mi is a large baguette sandwich filled with all sorts of pickled vegetables, fresh greens and an assortment of cold cuts and pate. Turns out, my taste buds may have transitioned over the years and I would much recommend the chicken sandwich instead. QT is tucked away (granted in broad daylight) with an unassuming vertical QT sign. But don't let the 2-table sandwich shop fool you, as all of the sandwiches are made fresh in front of you with the bread freshly heated in the oven. I tried both the chicken and special sandwiches and I absolutely loved the chicken. It was fairly inexpensive, very filling and you have to get the house-special spicy sauce. The specialty sandwich, on the other hand, was a bit too much fat, but not enough texture and needed a bit more acidity to balance out the pate.
Long story short, this is a place you wanna stop by if you love sandwiches or just plain old good food.
Food: 5 stars
Service: n/a
Price: 5 stars
Ambiance: 3 starsThis place specializes in Vietnamese sandwich, also known as Bahn-Mi. I absolutely love them here. They make it from scratch, right in front of you. The bread is amazing and the ingredients are so fresh! at 5-7 $ a sandwich, its great for lunch!I got the bbq pork, which was very delicious, light, and simple. Definitely one of the best vietnamese sandwiches I've had (better than Lee's on the west coast)
Also, the lady at the counter was very friendly, which always enhances my dining experience.
The ONLY reason i gave QT's 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the price (4.95 for a sandwich).
It seems like the house special and lemon grass sandwiches are the yelpers favorites, so I will be trying those out on my subsequent visits. Hope you guys can try this place out for yourselves!