Chicken grilled burrito. Not good. Quite possibly the worst burrito I've ever had. It was only shredded chicken and rice with a ton of cheese. No beans or anything else. Chicken rice and cheese. That is not a burrito! And it was $10.
Two stars for the horchata. It was yummy but $5 for a horchata is ridiculous. 
Never coming back here.Got the surf and turf sampler; Mar y tiera. Was really good, came out like a fajita plate with lettuce tomatoes rice and beans and tortillas.
Had shrimps and bacon and chicken and beef. Was very filling.
Really enjoyed the food and will eat here againI just recently discovered this great little Mexican byob. Sure, Dos Segundos or El Camino are fine choices if you're in the area and you want margaritas & a trendy atmosphere, but sometimes you just want no-frills Mexican food. Up a little farther on 2nd street, past the Northern Liberties crowds lies Que Chula Es Puebla. 
I've dined in twice (but they also deliver!).  The chorizo tacos are so good that I got them both times. If you're a gringo, your server might assume you want your tacos 'with everything' which means lettuce/tomatoes/cheese/crema.  If you want them Mexican style with just onion & cilantro, be sure to specify. I sampled my bf's chicken tacos.  The chicken was really tender and juicy (unlike some chicken tacos I've had...I'm looking at you Taqueria Veracruzana). The complimentary (seemingly homemade, perfectly crunchy) chips are topped with refried beans and sprinkled with Oaxaca cheese.  The red salsa is smokey and spicy.  The green salsa is less spicy and a bit too salty for my liking.  The guacamole is fresh and flavorful, but it's very chunky.  I prefer a smoother, more blended guac without big chunks of onions. For vegetarians, there are no meat substitutes such as seitan or soy 'meat', but there are several options that feature actual vegetables (veggie burritos, chimichanga, quesadellia). 
Each time that I've eaten here, I've left totally stuffed full of food for about $10 per person.I drive across town to eat here.  I just keep having great experiences when I go.  All the Chimis as well as the quesadillas are excellent.  Prices are dirt cheap.My daughter attends dance class a block away so I decided to go in and grab something to eat while I wait. I am so glad I did. The food is so fresh and flavorful. I ordered carnitas taco which were "delicioso"!! The do give complimentary chips and salsa which was such as fresh as my meal. The server was friendly and attentive. I will definitely be back. Also it is a BYOB so even better!I was recommended by a few people to go to this  great place. First sight of it isn't very comfortable but the staff is extremely helpful and sweet and the food was seriously so good. I had the veggie burrito, and it was full of delicious, fresh veggies and it was a pretty big burrito so I was happy to enjoy the left overs.  I was told to try the Flan so when I went back the second time I did and.. wow.. it is definitely amazing. I am now a frequent visitor with a bonus of working 5 minutes away!Ordered delivery.  Solid steak burrito and excellent shredded pork quesadillas.  Came with two great homemade salsas. Has more of an authentic Mexican feel than an Americanized one.I've only been here about 2 times, on my way home from from work picking up dinner. Both times I've ordered the steak nachos supreme and have never been disappointed. Good prices, reasonable speed, and I didn't even mention the horchata is amazing. I only give 4 because I have yet to eat there and really see how the service is.This is authentic northeast American Mexican food, which is good and influenced by Puerto Rico. I was hoping for the taste of the taste of Mexican food made in Southern California. If i lived closer i would eat here more often.After great reviews I expected the best... The food was OK not great and the service was fair. They were busy with take out and the food came slowly. Better places in South Philly!I read all the delivery reviews and was so worried! I ordered delivery on a saturday afternoon around 2-4pm and it came within the hour. I live about a half mile away. 
I always get vegetarian burritos and the guacmole, which comes in this HUGE dish. don't get those two things together unless you're with another person or feeling like hurting your body--it's a lot of guac. 
when you eat in they give you mini nachos with refried beans and queso blanco and yummy salsas. overall: great.This is somewhat of a hidden gem in the Fishtown / Kensington area.  Really good authentic Mexican food. Great tacos and other traditional items.  Bonus points for the BYOB option. 
The restaurant is located in somewhat of a no mans land and I would be careful walking around here at night.  
The only problem I ever had with this place is the delivery. One time it took over 2 hours to get my food as the driver screwed up several times.  After that I generally opted to pick it up instead.the food was GREAT!  Delivery was fast, and the food was terrific.  It was the first time I ordered food from here, but it won't be the last!  Delicious!Just ordered a pastor burrito and ground beef nachos. The burrito was basically a bunch of rice wrapped in a tortilla and the nachos mostly plain chips with no toppings. Just wasted $30 on the least satisfying food I've ever had. I will never order from this place again.Great local place for solid and authentic Mexican. The amazing flan is worth the trip alone.I don't consider myself an expert with Mexican food but this place seems as good as they come. I ordered the Shrimp Burrito from there and thought everything was excellent. This is the most authentic Mexican food I've eaten in Philadelphia. The last time I had anything like this was in Southern Cali at a roadside taco stand.Came on a random Philly day trip since the weather was so nice. The place was empty and the staff gave our party of 2 a friendly welcome. The decor is cute and colorful with notable Mexican symbols all over. Of course the TV was on boxing, pre-fight night (Canelo was robbed!) 
Our server was casual yet helpful and we ordered a single shrimp taco, a chicken tamale with green sauce and split the horchata. The complimentary chips and sauces were a good portion and fresh. The regular size of the drink is pretty big so I can't imagine the large for 1 person. Either way, it was the best horchata I've ever had. Ever. 
The food was really good especially the shrimp. Everything came out to about $10 which was great for just fueling our day of walking restaurant to restaurant. I really want to return for the mole and seafood options.Awesome!  I thought I was in California until I looked outside and realized it was Philly.  If you are looking for authentic. flavor-bursting Mexican food, then this is the place.  Right in Fishtown, and moments from Northern Liberties this place "Que Chula Es Puebla" delivers.  
I ordered the Chicken Enchilada Platter but asked if they could put Mole` sauce instead of the usual Verde and it was not a problem.  It comes with a small salad, refried beans, and rice.  I also asked if they had Horchata and to my surprise they do...so of course I asked for a LARGE...which was on point!  In fact all of it was wonderful.
My wife ordered the Grilled Veggie Burrito and loved it...she actually passed out in the on the way home and then knocked out again once there for 3 more hours.  We left fat and happy!  Why the hell did we wait so long to try this fantastic spot in the neighborhood???  Not sure but I do know it won't be long before we go back.Omg.
Omg, did we find it? A Mexican dive that's better-than-mediocre?
I THINK WE DID. Here's why:
1. Green salsa is THICK, not watery.
2. Complimentary chips come with beans/cheese on them.
3. Shredded chicken tacos had excellent flavor. 
4. Torta was ridic in size.
5. No one felt ill after.
Definitely coming here again with a huge group and many beers.Very friendly staff. We got the carnitas and roasted pork tacos - "traditional" style with just onions and cilantro. The roasted pork was especially delicious with pineapple pieces. And they have Mexican coffee!Favorite taco spot in Philadelphia. Authentic.Great food, good prices, BYOB, been here a few times, the service and the quality of the food is consistently good. Awesome place. Highly recommend itGood, cheap, fast, and they deliver!  Fish tacos and chicken burritos are my faves.  What's not to like?!I noticed this place while riding my bike down Master Street one day during my lunch break.  I recently moved from San Francisco and was looking for a decent no-nonsense taqueria where I could grab a quick burrito or some tacos.
A couple of days later, I went here for lunch.  I was hoping for an order-at-the-counter situation, but I was seated and given a menu.  I was also given a little bowl of thick, crunchy chips with refried beans and fresh cheese sprinkled on top and two little cups of red and green salsa.  Into it.  I ordered a tostada with shredded beef.  It took a little while, but it was excellent.  I grabbed a menu on my way out.
I've ordered delivery from this place half a dozen times since then.  I think the delivery is faster than the table service.  As far as the meats go, I've only tried the shredded beef, chicken, and carnitas.  Stay away from the carnitas.  Bad times.  Everything else I've had has been solid.
A brief note about the nachos.  While delicious, they do come with some kind of cheese sauce instead of real cheese.  Kind of par for the course in Philly, I guess.  I only mention it because I wasn't expecting it, but hopped on board pretty quickly.
The bottom line: cheap, they deliver, and it gets the job done without winning any culinary awards.I would have given this restaurant 4 stars if it was only based on their food. I ordered on Grub Hub from them last night. I read the food was good, but they always screwed up the orders. I kept it simple and hoped all would be ok
The food was good and fresh. I thought the menu had a lot of items
I was missing an item on my order- bean dip and nachos. I called the restaurant right after the driver left. A woman said he would be right back. 45 minutes later I called again because still no dip. Another woman answered and said it would be over.  I waited 30 minutes more and nothing. Finally called grub hub to get credit for itemSO good! I love Mexican food and this is, by far, the best I have had in the Philadelphia area. Not to mention the cost is low for the high quality. They do not deliver to my area but I have no problem driving to pick up food from there on any day.It's slim pickins if you're looking to grab a burrito in Fishtown.  
Sure, you could go to Dos Segundos or El Camino Real in Northern Liberties - but what if you want something more authentic? Or better yet - what if you want delivery?
Cheap, better than average, authentic Mexican food gets four stars from me.
Tip: Dress warmly if you are dining in the restaurant this winter, I wish they would crank the heat a bit more.I've had my share of Mexican food, from all over California to Mexico. This is hands down the best Mexican Food that I have found in philly. Eat here.Delicious! All of the staples you expect but done really really well, Their verde sauce is great *I had it on the Huevos Rancheros), though the red is also wonderfully spicy. Note: The Mexican coffee is really really good (it happens to be included if you order a breakfast, by the way!)
They have fresh juices, which is a big plus for us. The portions are way big, prices are just right,  and the service was very pleasant. We'll be back soon!I drive by this place all the time on my way to work and there is a big sign indicating they serve breakfast.  Finally, one morning, I had enough leisure time to stop and try Que Chula Es Puebla out.  In spite of the fact that they serve breakfast I got the impression that they don't really expect to serve too many dine in customers in the late morning because as I walked in my ears were assailed by uncomfortably loud salsa music, clearly for the benefit of the kitchen staff.  Since it was so loud nobody heard the door ding and I entered unnoticed, found a table and sat down.  After a few minutes someone noticed me and got the radio turned off.  Then she came over to greet me and take my order.
She asked if I wanted coffee.  Of course I wanted coffee.  Then she offered me a choice between regular coffee or Mexican coffee.  When in Rome...I asked for the Mexican coffee.  YUM!.  Sweet and cinnamony and tasty all around.  I made my food order a little more gringolike and asked for a vegetable omelet which was described on the menu as red and green peppers, mushrooms, onions, brocoli and cheese.  I asked for mine not to have any onions or brocoli.  My omelet arrived as specified and was a darn tasty egg concoction at that.  My one concern was that there was an abundance of zucchini in there.  I don't know about you but if I was the chef, preparing an omelet where the diner had specified the omission of a component I would not go adding different components that weren't in the original description.  I thought about pointing this out but opted instead to just enjoy my tasty breakfast.
I would go back and I would definitely return at dinner time because I can tell that the food will be good.Authentic Mexican food dirt cheap. I love this place. It's not Tex Mex or Americanized Mexican food. It's legit Mexican. I'm usually the only white person in the place when I come in and the staff only sort-of speaks English. That's how you know it's good. Everything here is amazing. Chicken burrito? Salted beef? Homemade chips and salsa? Holy hell I love it. It's SUPER casual and there isn't anything fancy about it, but the food is EXCELLENT. Eat here. You will love it.First time there. Had the chimichanga and fish tacos... Both were really good. I would've liked more sauce on top of my chimichanga but if you like it dry you will love this entree. Got the shredded steak chimichanga... The steak was absolutely amazing! Fish tacos were light and delish..A lot of people are hype about this place but I've been several times and it's always over seasoned or under seasoned. Steak is usually over seasoned. Never think twice about it when I pass it.I've lived in Mexico City and Texas and this is the only spot around where the tortas are on par.
These delightful sandwiches are amazing.
The Torta Milanesa de Res is a 5 star experience.
*edited from 4 stars because I just ordered one again the other night and it was SO GOOD! These tortas keep getting better and better.Great spot, delicious homemade food.  Best Mexican in the city so far.  The jalapeño tamales are amazingI've always liked coming here for the tasty tacos. It recently changed ownership, and the pastor tacos were off the hook! Service was great, and the interior seems to have gotten a face lift.Stopped by Que Chula Es Puebla on Saturday night for take-out. The owner was friendly and asked how we wanted the tacos prepared (onions, lettuce, tomatoes, crema). The food took a while even though the restaurant was empty. Or maybe I was just impatient. We ordered rice and beans, bean dip with tortillas, chicken tacos and a chiorizo chimichanga. 
Once home, I opened the bags to find that the tacos were missing from the order. No big deal, it happens. But here's the thing: They deliver, which is great. They should have offered to deliver the tacos that were left out of the order. They didn't. (I don't live that far from the restaurant). They also didn't refund me for the tacos, although I guess I didn't really expect them to.
The salsas were excellent -- careful of the red one: it's sweetly smoky at first and then it turns into mouth fire. The chimichanga was overwhelming. So much chiorizo and cheese, in a deep-fried flour tortilla. I could only eat about a quarter of it. It was served with some iceberg lettuce and a slice of tomato and avacado.  The "bean dip" was pureed pinto beans with a smattering of cheese. Tasty and uncomplicated. The rice and beans were rice with the "bean dip." I didn't try the shredded chicken tacos, but my bf says that on a scale of 1-10, with 10 being the best tacos ever, they were a 7.5 -- very good, not great.
I really wanted to give this place 5 stars, but the experience itself wasn't awesome. There was a lot to choose from on the menu and I'll definitely be back to check out more.Definitely authentic Mexican cuisine!! We ordered fish tacos and a beef chimichanga, and both were absolutely delicious and seasoned to perfection!!!! The chips and variety of dips provided when we sat down were also great!! Great food, music was a little too loud but other than that will definitely be back!! Looking forward to trying the guacamole next time!this place is great, and sure beats driving to washington street for a mexican fix.  friendly service. good parking.  i wish they had later hours though.  going to try the delivery tonight.  if you're looking for a mind blowing food experience, you won't find it here. just a decent meal.This place is located near the fishtown/ northern liberties area.. This place is one of the few authentic Mexican places in the area! Def good spot for authentic food .In my neighborhood, there are not many decent delivery options. I looked on Yelp and found this spot. The reviews were pretty good so I thought I'd give it a go! I was pleasantly surprised and super happy I found my new go-to Mexican place. The food was incredible! I ordered the enchiladas in red sauce with chips and pico di gallo. Absolutely delicious and can't get much fresher. I'm super excited to reorder from here again!I really like this place. The food is authentic and fresh. Service is quick and attentive. I have only ever either dined in or picked up food so I can't speak for the delivery service. The flan here is the best I've ever had. Portions are big. This is my go-to Mexican joint.Real authentic Mexican. I loved the salsa and tacos, great carnitas, and some interesting offerings, like pumpkin flower quesadillas. I also love that the owner's mom sends the mole direct from Puebla . I thought the interior was charming and the service very good. Can't wait to go back.$18 for a burrito and quac+chips. Burrito and salsa were super bland and had BARELY any steak and guac was average. MehI ordered delivery from Que Chula Es Puebla. It was OK but I probably wouldn't order from them again. The El Pastor tacos were pretty good and of the Mexican style with radishes and cilantro. The nachos however were not good. They tasted like something you'd buy at the concession stand at a sporting event instead of from an authentic Mexican restaurant. They used cheese whiz instead of melting Mexican cheese. There are plenty of other Mexican restaurants in northern liberties and fish town that are much better (e.g. Loco Pez and Jose Pistolas).I've been here dozens of times and it's some of the best, authentic, affordable Mexican I've had on the East Coast. As a vegetarian, I can vouch for the yummy taco salad, the terrific bean burrito, the delicious flautas and the great guac. Anything that includes roasted veggies (quesadilla, torta) is VERY vegetable-y with huge, thick pieces of eggplant, mushroom, and peppers that sometimes overwhelm the dish. Some dishes are also realllly cheesy. We are talking heart attack cheese levels. My husband, who is basically made of cheese, even gets whipped by these cheese monsters and will leave a pile on the plate at times. 
But you should eat here for no other reason than the holy mother if salsas, their green salsa. I want to roll around in a vat of it, basically.My fiancee is in love with this place - he loves their tacos and that it is super cheap. I'm not a huge fan of Mexican food, so for me it was just meh. That being said, though, the service was fantastic, and the food was super quick in arriving. Also, their guacamole was delicious and tasted very fresh.The food was amazing, so authentic.  Get the Guacamole dip, it's not a dip it's guacamole with what must be house made tortillas ($5).  I give it 5 stars because the food was awesome and fairly cheap.I had no idea there was Mexican delivery in the area until my neighbor gave me a menu.  
I ordered the chicken enchiladas with salsa verde.  
The little girl who took the order couldn't have been sweeter. Delivery took 45 minutes. The food was hot, fresh, perfectly spicy and delicious.  
What else can you ask for?Great grilled steak tacos. The tortillas were hot and fresh, salsa verde was on point. Steak, onion and tons of cilantro and cactus..Just the way I like it! The quesadilla de carnitas was on point as well. Everything was authentic.I like it, I really do. Tortas and tacos (but no tequila, so they're missing the third T of Mexican food).* My server each time has been super sweet and quick with the water refills. You get free chips and salsa when you eat in, and the green salsa rocks my world. The food is solid but somehow not entirely mouth-watering. Even the torta al pastor (which is also messy beyond belief. My fingers were covered in red afterward). The tacos are good but lacking a little zip. They'll give you extra cilantro if you ask, but I ended up dumping the afore-mentioned green sauce on them since the meat was a little on the dry side. Overall, pleasant but not outstanding. I enjoyed the decor, since it was simple but had random Mexican adornments like serapes and langostas (see accompanying photo). How cute is that little guy? My only regret is that I have not yet tried the flan that LaBan found so earth-shatteringly delicious.
* I made that up, sorry. I then googled "three T's" just to make sure they didn't already exist. They don't.CHORIZO EVERYTHING. Most Mexican places don't have a lot of Chorizo items, but these guys will put Chorizo in just about anything on the menu. Delivery can be a bit dicey at times, but they have never made anything that wasn't delicious in my experience.Some of the best Mexican food in the city... And the Torta Milanese is to kill for!!!Awesome Mexican foo burritos are delicious !!! Really nice place to bring your friends and family!!!I've gotten chicken burritos to-go from here twice now.  Because the week after I got the first one, I got a craving for another.  Both times it was just a good, refried beans, shredded chicken, and rice burrito, and they aren't shy about throwing cheese and sour cream on top. It's not lonely in that styrofoam container either: there's some shredded iceberg, tomatoes, avocado, and two little salsas for good measure.  I love that it's so close to my house that i can walk there, and one of these days I will bring friends and tecates.  It's very welcoming inside.  It's nothing fancy, but it's a much needed a break from the pricier and crowded contempo-mexican of Dos Segundos and Camino Real.my coworkers and i order a lunch feast from this place at least once a week.  it's always fantastic though the amount of onion used in the guacamole is not at all conducive to carrying on in a customer service-based job after our lunch break.  the chile rellenos are fantastic.  i'm docking one star for cheese whiz on the nachos, but everything else we've had is amazing.  get extra green salsa :)This is the most authentic Mexican place that I've found so far in Philadelphia. Amazing!Very authentic Mexican, most places similar in the city are very small but a Chula has plenty of seats (even though on the outside looks small). 
Great service.
The serving size aren't as big as some authentic Mexican places in the city but to me the plates were perfect, no left overs and I didn't feel like I was in food coma for the rest of the work day!This is probably my favorite Mexican restaurant. It is very authentic and consistent. Although their service can improve by attending more to their tables, they have really good food that it doesn't get in the way of me giving them a 5 starsI love this place so much. The food is consistently awesome and the people working there are always lovely. If you are a mole fan, you have to try the mole poblano. It's stellar. 
Also it's BYOB.It's OK.  I mean, is there another delivery option to Fishtown that I don't know about?  If so, please enlighten me.   The tacos, burritos and quesadillas are average.  The taco salad is good.  They have a nice salsa Verde.  Don't ever get any steak dishes, it's inedible meat.  Why doesn't Taco Riendo deliver????Yum, I recommend the tortilla chips, the tamales and the chicken enchiladas with green sauce.Note:  This is not a review on their food but rather their delivery.
I wish I had a chance to try the food, but I never received it. I ordered at 7pm and they informed me it would take 30-45 minutes. A little after 8 I called to check in, and I was told the order was on its way. About 40 minutes later I called again, and I was told that he already delivered the order. I was then called back 5 minutes later and was then told that they had "knocked on my door" and had called, but I never opened the door nor never picked up my phone, which is completely false. They then apologized and then offered that they could wrap it to go if I picked it up (2 hours late). I obviously declined. Nothing was offered.
I'm not usually a stickler for great service and never even write reviews complaining, but this is just downright sad. They don't know how to run a respectable business.Lol at the guy who said don't walk here at night.... Good Mexican food, very cheap, insane quantities, and Mexican reality tv on full blast. Not gourmet by any means, but that's not the point.Friendly service. Awesomely amazing veggie burrito. No, seriously--it's the best ever. there's a reason i order the same thing every time i go...and it's because i don't think anything else on the menu could compare. i have been told on good authority that the meat-based burritos are super good-o, as well. love love love this place.This is from an experience at this restaurant a few months ago. One of the worst delivery experiences I have ever had. Ordered 3 burritos and guac for delivery at 8pm on a weekend night. We were told 40 minutes when we ordered. I called back at 1 hour and 2 hours and was told the order was on the way both times. I live in 10 blocks away. The last time I called I was told to be more patient because someone else had waited for three hours before me. I told them I didn't want the food anymore because I wanted to go to bed.
I was also cursed at by the person from the restaurant on the phone.
It's a shame because they have great Mexican food, but haven't quite figured out efficient delivery service yet. Also inexcusable imo to curse at a customer no matter what.YUM!  I must say Mexican delivery is where it's at! I wish this place was open seven days a week because it seems like I am always craving it on Monday when they are closed.I've only had the fish burrito, shrimp burrito, and guacamole, but they've all been delicious. I've gotten delivery a number of times and it's always hot and tasty. I also love the mini accoutrements with which they come. QCEP burritos rival only those from Pura Vida and Loco Pez, my other favorite Mexican places.Que chula apparently means How Cute is Puebla,
Well, I have no idea how cute it is, because I always order delivery! 
I typically get chicken tacos and a side of pico de gallo, which is always super fresh. The chicken is braised in something reddish and a little spicy. The pico is pretty standard, and they are very generous with the cilantro. 
I've tried a lot of their food: the tortas (sandwiches) are HUGE. I love the hawaiian one.
I also love the taco salad, which has, what I consider to be a more tex mex feel to it.
The delivery usually take about 30 minutes, and its always the same dude on a bike. Sometimes they don't have delivery if the weather is horrible, then again, you are a terrible person for trying.Continuing on my Mexican food pilgrimage, I came to Que Chula Es Puebla in search for something different. Don't get me wrong, I am a fan of the taco, the burrito, and whatever the usual is for the typical American palate. But on this day, there was no time for the "usual". It pains me to see others stick with their chicken tacos and claim their love for Mexican food. No bueno, stop that nonsense. STOP IT RIGHT NOW.
Anyways, after I decided to do some exploring, I ordered their Que Chula Es Puebla especial platter. Let me explain what we're working with here. You get shrimp, rice, beans, avocado, and a small enchilada. Seems kind of normal, right? 
BUT WAIT, what? What is this? In addition to the mentioned items, you also get cecina, which is air-dried beef. You also have grilled cebollitas (spring onions) and nopales (cactus). Okay, now we're talking!
Obviously I've already eaten the entire platter, and now I can share some thoughts. Can I tell you how much I loved the cebollitas and nopales? This is how good they are-- I never considered being a vegetarian my whole life because I cannot live without eating meat. 
But after my encounter with these onions and  the cactus, I don't know if that idea still holds. Well then again, I really can't eat without a meat protein. But, you know, those onions were amazing. AH, I don't know! See how crazy they made me feel? I'm so confused now because how good they were. 
Anyways, if you ever go here yourself, ask for the nopales and the cebollitas. You can thank me later.
TL;DR
I went to get Mexican food
I got a platter
It had grilled onions and cactus
My life has changedWhen I moved from California to South Philly, I was happy that I could still get decent Mexican food from several places in the area, and the fact that most of them specialized in Puebla style Mexican food was a plus because it is my favorite regional Mexican food. Then I moved to Northern Liberties and I thought for sure my days of authentic Mexican fare were in the past, which led a single lonely tear to drip slowly down my cheek. Luckily the neighborhood made up for it in lovely cafes, delis and gastropubs.
Then, one day at work when I was absolutely famished, I found a menu for Que Chula Es Puebla. It was like a light shone on the menu from heaven and beckoned me to call. My coworkers all order from this place on a regular basis, and I was not disappointed to find they had all my favorite dishes there. 
The tacos are served either "traditional style" - cilantro/onions on a corn tortilla - or "with everything" or what I call gringo style - that has lettuce, tomatoes, sour cream and on a flour tortilla. I usually go with al pastor, but they have steak, shredded beef, carnitas, chicken, chorizo, and more. 
Even the tortas are served in authentic style with a wide and long buttery soft roll, crispy on the outside, with fresh avocados, lettuce, jalapenos, and cheese. My favorite is milanesa de res (breaded steak) or milanesa de pollo (breaded chicken). 
The sopes are also amazing here, the thick corn masa smothered with your choice of meat and covered with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, sour cream, and cheese.
I have yet to delve into the platters but will get to that someday!I went to Que Chula for a Sunday lunch with a big group of 7. The restaurant was virtually empty, so we didn't have a problem getting a few tables. 
They start you off with an absolutely DELICIOUS plate of nachos with refried beans and crumbly cheese. The chips are almost more like pita chips than tortilla, which gives them an awesome, solid crunch to handle the beans.
Most of my party ordered burritos (beef and chicken). They were quite big and I couldn't even finish mine (maybe because I ate too many nachos??), but everyone enjoyed them. They were difficult to cut so I ended up just spreading them out on my plate so I could add in the lettuce that came on the side. My brother-in-law got the nacho entree and he also couldn't finish those!
All around a great meal, affordable prices, and generally good service (plus splitting the check three ways!).After eating at Mole Poblano (which is an amazing authentic Mexican restaurant), I was somewhat hesitant about this place. However, after the complimentary chips and dip, I knew it was going to be good. 
Starting with the chips, they were amazing fresh crispy and smothered in bean sauce. The red and green salsas they were served with were spicy and fresh, and I couldn't get enough. We also ordered guac for the table which was some of the best I've had.
Now for entree, I ordered the chicken enchiladas with mole sauce. It was AMAZING! I usually hate shredded chicken but they made the enchiladas extremely well. The mole sauce was super flavorful and the beans were a great consistency.
This is a great hole in the wall restaurant that anyone interested in well priced (~$11/entree) authentic Mexican food should try!When I have my kids i tend to order out. I have ordered from here in the past and the Borritos and traditional tacos are off the hook. It is funny when your order in spanish then when you speak spanish to the delivery guy he is Arabic and does not understand spanish. lol 
Order when your home great placeThis is my favorite Mexican place in the city, hands down. I wouldn't advise eating-in even though it's a BYO since the atmosphere is kind of pizza-shoppy and the neighborhood isn't the greatest to look at, but I've done it and it's been fine. We normally order take-out from this place and that suits our needs pretty well. The taco shell tacos with ground beef are the best things I've ever tasted. I will warn you, though, we've had our order messed up more than once. Once when we ate-in and once when a guy delivered on a bike. Speak clearly and make sure they know what you're asking for, and always check your order before you leave. Even with those issues, this place is still my fav. Super yum!Not super fast, and not super cozy, but great great food.  We like to order take out.
Meals are under $10, and I'd recommend anything but the chalupas (kind of disappointing) or the quesadillas (real basic cheese/meat - kind of too plain).  
Chimichangas, tacos, enchiladas - all great.I LOVE this place. the food is a bit on the pricey side compared to the "neighborhood" Mexican food I usually get and most of it tastes the same but some things are definitely superior to my hood staples.
Their grilled burritos are to die for... As is the nacho supreme! 
just about all of their listed menu prices everywhere I've seen them are wrong so your order will be more than you expect.... So be prepared for that if the order taker doesn't give you your price on the phone ;)I absolutely love this place! I have been countless times, for both take-out and dine-in, and have never been disappointed. The service is also great! The guacamole is incredible--I have never been to a restaurant that serves MORE guac than chips--they sure don't skimp out. My two favorite entrees are the pastor quesadilla and the taco salad, both are to die for.Very friendly staff.  I have had several things here and have never left disappointed. My favorite so far has been the grilled shrimp burrito.Wow. Used to live in Mexico and Puebla has the best food in the country! This place shows it. It's really good! Consistent too. It's my Mexican go to. It's nice to have good Mexican food so far north!Absolutely Delish!
The food is always fresh and fantastic.
very reasonably priced! (cheap)
friendly wait staff. 
Parking can be a hassle at times But totally worth it!I absolutely love Mexican food and am always wary of trying new places for fear of disappointment, but this place was great - the food and the service.
They didn't mind at all that we needed a table for 9 (obnoxious, I know). It's BYOB which is always a plus. The chips that they give you for free at the start of the meal have refried beans on them - really nice touch! Guacamole was definitely the best I ever had anywhere - when we ran out of chips, we were all reaching over and eating it with forks. 
I got chorizo quesadillas which were a tiny bit too simple but still very well done. The most expensive things on the menu were only $12, which were huge platters that came with your main dish plus rice, salad, and refried beans. 
Atmosphere is really simple and un-fancy, which Mexican places should be. Our server was fantastic. She was really friendly and patient, especially considering that there were 9 of us. She even offered to help us carry leftover beer out to the car, which was hilarious.First time coming here .. My daughter recommend this place and I had my first chimichanga .. It's a great place for lunchAs a Huge mexican food fan I've been to a million places and I've had the best and the worst.  I've even had Mexican on the streets of Tijuana. 
This place almost tries too hard to be authentic Mexican.
The beef was chewy as hell.  Overall not a good experience.
Salsas were bland.I've been here numerous times, held birthday celebrations here and they never disappoint me!
The prices are great compared to a lot more trendy places that are close by. (burritos start around 9$) The menu is pretty big, and everything is delicious. 
They deliver!! That is a big plus, and the food delivered it just as good as in house. 
(Their green sauce is amazing and I put it on everything)
Try this place out, don't judge by the exterior!it's mexican food less than a five minute walk from my house. of COURSE i love it!
while there's nothing particularly glowing about this place, the food is up to snuff. i've only ever gotten take out from here, but you can sit down and have a typical dine in experience (for being as good as it is, it's never busy which doesn't seem good for them, but good for your peace of mind). they also claim to have free delivery. i would take advantage of this but considering it's so close i'd feel wrong not getting that short little walk in. 
i've gotten their veggie burrito (with lots of delicious vegetables like zucchini in it!) and their tamales. they have a great chipotle sauce, too. i can actually finish a whole meal here feeling satisfied, not ready to lapse into a food coma. everything is delicious and fresh and they have it ready to go all wrapped up for you pretty quickly. 
never had a problem with this place, hope i never do!I ate breakfast here in early November of 2013.   Superb service.  Excellent food.Ugh do I love this place ! Me and my boyfriend come here all the time and it's a small little taco place but it's so authentic . It's hard to find authentic good tacos so I definitely love this place.  I've tried almost everything and I love it lol . They even have the glass bottles of Mexican Soda  can't get enough of those things . The desert is good too ! Give it a try staff is nice too .My friends and I ordered food that we picked-up. It was okay Mexican food. I wasn't overly impressed with my chimichanga. My friends enjoyed their meals - tamales and fish tacos. I'm sure they will be ordering from here again. The highlight for me was their flan. It was so good. If you need food quick and are in the mood for Mexican, you can't go wrong here. If anything, it was authentic.i used to love this place, authentic mexican food they deliver. but something happened the food quality went way down, they hired new cooks who don't care and you're lucky if you get a good meal.... oh and the worst customer service I've ever experienced. NEVER AGAINThis place is absolutely amazing. Enough said. Large and quality meals and so fresh tasting! I want to move closer so I can go more often!Que Chula Es Puebla has etched out the competition and won my #1 slot for best taqueria in Philly...I have lived in south Philly for years so this isn't an easy feat. 
Located slightly off the beaten path from central Northern Liberties (Piazza) this corner Mexican restaurant is a real jewel.  
The service is super friendly and attentive. The restaurant itself is clean colorful and decorated in a traditional fashion. Okay now to the most important part...the GRUB. All the tacos I have tried are delicious. The tacos al pastor are different here than anywhere else I have had them. The al pastor is slightly spicy with chile flakes inside the meat which creates a beautiful unity with the sweetness of the pineapples. I recommend! If you like chorizo tacos please do yourself a favor and give these chorizo tacos a try. Last time I dined in I had the chicken chile rellenos...my taste buds were like WTF this is food porn. The chicken was moist and super flavorful and the chile was perfectly fried covered in stewed tomato salsa. 
Dessert: try the tres leches it's amazing!
Tip: BYOB. Tacos come either traditional or American style. Traditional is cilantro and onion, American is lettice tomato and cheese.Thanks other Yelpers for helping us find this spot. We split a shrimp ceviche and horchata (check out the giant horchata in our pic lol) and we were stuffed. Super yummy. Also the green salsa he brought w our table chips was banging. Our server was attentive and friendly. Rest of the staff was friendly too :) Our entire bill was only around $20. Def would go back to try some tacosMake sure to order as soon as possible if you decide to get pick up or delivery because it takes a good 45- 90 minutes. I've ordered delivery twice and I live about 5 mins from the restaurant.  It took over an hour both times for the food to come.  But when it did come, it was amazing.  Totally worth the wait. The Tacos Supreme with shredded beef is delicious, all the varieties of tacos are bomb, the shredded beef Tortas is amazing! I've also eaten in the restaurant and it's a very casual and relaxed atmosphere. Place is very clean and the service is prompt.My friends and I shared the free chips with refried beans on them and totally destroyed them. There is no reason for something so simple to be that good!
Beyond that, my chimichanga was delicious (crispy) and filling. It isn't often that establishments give you a decent-sized portion for the right price. I left here without even spending $10 and was full!
I had never heard of this place and couldn't really pin-point what part of the city it was. I want to say it's Kensington, and there were a mix of people who looked like long-time locals and, for lack of better words, hipster/yuppies. I will definitely be be back!As native Texans, we spent months searching for a place in Philly that would be able to satisfy our hardcore cravings for Mexican food. After a string of disappoints that seemed like it would never end, we finally came across Que Chula es Puebla. Now,  I'm pretty sure we're some of the most regular customers here and the staff know our order by heart. 
I'm not saying it's Mexican perfection, but it is fantastically comforting, chill, affordable, and super consistent. Basically it plays lead role in keeping us sane here in PA.
Go to order is chicken fajitas with flour tortillas and a side of pico. Literally tastes like home.The food is good and so are the prices.  The interior is standard and homey feeling.  Not the best I've had but definitely above averageBest Mexican restaurant in northern liberties.  First time here and I'm in awe.  We got the pico de gallo which was delish.  We both had burritos, I had shrimp which was properly melted all through unlike loco pez who doesn't heat their burritos.  They give you complimentary chips with beans and Oaxaca.As an addendum to my other review, I tried the taco salad the other night, and it was outstanding!  Really the best taco salad I've ever had!  The tortilla bowl was really flaky, and the rice/bean/meat mix in the salad was flavored to perfection.Great food, great people, great humble environment that is distinctly unlike the rest of fishtown. The tacos are the best in the area, easilyI've never been disappointed here. Excellent authentic Mexican food, comfortable atmosphere for groups or dates, byo. Nice servers too. I love que chulaTerrible experience for me. Called the restaurant and ordered pico de gallo (comes with chips) and chicken fajitas. Delivery takes an hr and thirty minutes which I can understand because it is peak dinner time. In the bag, they have no chips whatsoever, so what do I do with this large amount of pico. I try the pico with a fork and it is lacking in any type of flavor. I open the fajitas, which costs 14 dollars and it has 5 pieces of chicken. I couldn't believe this. On top of this, it was the most bland chicken I've eaten in a while, I had to cover it in sauce just to eat it, which lucky didn't take very long because there wasn't much to begin with. 
There are much better options out there, do not waste your time on substandard food with very small quantity. Meal ruined!!!Been here once for early dinner and I cannot wait to go back soon. First, the place has no romantic or intimate atmosphere. It is more like a canteen and that is the charm of this place. The is the place that will give you delicious and authentic tasting food.
I had a vegetarian chimichunga and the exterior is more some oven baked puff pastry (something like that even if it isn't) instead of the usual deep fried. This thing is so full of cheese and delicious good stuff. I will admit that this is definitely not a healthy vegetarian meal. GF had fish tacos, which was amazing too. The price are good. This is definitely a great Mexican place and I will definitely byob next time I visit.My friend has been to this authentic Mexican restaurant but they just did take out orders. I was visiting and we decided to eat in.  They bring out chips with beans and queso which was delicious. My friend had a burrito and I had tacos. Tacos you can have traditional or Gringos. Since I love the queso cheese, I opted for Gringos. I had shredded chicken. It was flavorful and plentiful. My friend had shredded chicken burrito. For dessert, we had the homemade Flan. It was delicious and perfect with my cup of Mexican coffee. I will come back when I am visiting Northern Liberties. I love authentic Mexican cuisine. The staff was very nice and we had great service.Authentic tacos in my neighborhood - what can I say? I eat in or get takeout/delivery from here often. Staff is always friendly and the food is delicious, affordable and fresh. What a great place!I've come here twice, kind of by accident, and been happy both times.  The first time I got tacos al pastor and the second time I got the quesadilla on corn tortilla (gluten free).  Both times the food was good and the prices were reasonable.  I would return.I am a huge taco fan and these are the best. Fresh ingredients and they don't nickel and dime you. I almost always call in my order and pickup. Always ready in 10-15 minute. They deliver too but I don't live in the immediate area. Staff always friendly. Nice laid back atmosphere.Just ordered dinner from here about 20 minutes ago. I put on each food I ordered that I had an allergy to shellfish and to make sure there wasn't any cross contamination. I also called the restaurant to make sure it was enforced.... here I an 20 minutes later swollen. The food was tasty but it was evident there had been some cross contact. When I called to verify none of my food would come in contact with any shellfish I was told it wouldn't..... very upset. I would have changed my order accordingly if certain items were at risk of cross contamination.  So I spent $25 and now can't eat any of it.The servers were so cute and attentive despite our obnoxiously large group that straggled in one by one over the course of an hour.  The food is CHEESY.  The guac is awesome, and I love the free fresh chips covered in beans and cheese.Great local Mexican food. Their chimichanga al pastor is my go to, but everything is delicious. I've enjoyed their Mexican coffee, ceviche tostada, and everything else I've tried. Good service in a cozy atmosphere with beautiful murals on the walls.This is four stars for a restaurant of this kind- a little more like a taqueria in Austin then the hipster neighborhood on which it borders. I wasn't sure at first.... at most traditional Mexican restaurants my selections are limited by lard, preservatives and the random veggies on soy sauce. We waited for almost 20 minutes for our food in a near empty restaurant because a large take- out order was already in progress but the table salsas and chips arrived as soon as we sat. The chips may have had preservatives as many Mexican places do- but the salsas were fresh and the red was particularly spicy and smoky- a great combination. 
Not too much vegetarian on the menu, I opted for the all day breakfast. I decided on a veggie stuffed omelette and asked to smother it in red sauce instead of filling it with cheese. It was actually great with huge chunks of fresh vegetables, and the red table salsa spiced up the already pretty good tasting freshly made sauce. 
I was assured the pinto beans had no lard and they were smooth and buttery so I ordered an extra side.
My friends chicken tacos were not to die for. He thought they were not his favorite with ground chicken instead of the chunks, and they were served with flour instead of corn tortillas - but did have lots of fresh onions and cilantro. 
We paid extra for limes and extra chips.I wandered in here based on a roommate's suggestion, and let's just say i'm not going to fight him to pay rent on time this month because he introduced me to the heaven that is Que Chula So Puebla. 
*just kidding Ryan. getting real tired of your shit. pay up*
Everything here is great, but I tend to get the roasted pork Chimichanga more often than not because it's fun to say and nothing here is less than great. 
Close your eyes, hover your index finger over the menu, pick something at random and enjoy without regret. Make sure to get a mandarin jarrito while you're there as well.Checked out this place on a Saturday afternoon with some friends. Totally authentic Mexican restaurant from the decor, food and even the employees. Ordered the Mole Poblano which is a quarter chicken with mole sauce, rice, avocado with a side of salad. Delicious. My friends ordered tacos ( chicken and beef ) which was equally as good. The best part was the chimichanga ! Normally I've seen small chimichanga that come in 2 or more portion. This one was the size of a Chipotle's Burrito but so goood! Overall great experience and doesn't break the bank!Ordered two nts in a row bc i liked it so much.  Fresh, tasty n quick deliveryThis is my go-to spot in olde Kensington/fishtown for solid, authentic tasting Mexican food I.e not Tex Mex. 
Ingredients always seem fresh and their portions are hearty so you're always left full and satisfied. And their sauces are awesome, the green one especially. 
If you dine in, they give you free chips with fried beans and cheese - chips are perfectly deep fried and crunchy!
Their take-out is pretty solid too - no crazy long waits yet, although they did forget my sauces one time (so remind them on the phone).
Best dishes in my opinion that I've tried:
- steak burrito
- enchilada verde 
- chicken tamale with green sauce 
- guacamole and chips 
They also have an awesome range of Mexican sodas and Coca Cola which always tastes better than the American version. 
I'd skip the tres leche cake though (tastes fruitier than I prefer) and just eat more chips and guac.I was in Philadelphia for three weeks on a feature shoot and I knew I was going to need some off set sustenance. Craft services really dropped the ball on this production, I'm pretty sure the cooks just flat out forgot salt half the time. Attention to anyone who is charge of crafty and meals for film sets. WRAPS ARE A TERRIBLE OPTION. NO ONE WANTS SOGGY ASS TORTILLAS WITH LIMP LETTUCE AND TOMATOES AROUND BLAND-ASS KNOCKOFF BOAR'S HEAD "TURKEY" MEAT.
Lucky for me, this place was just two blocks down the street from where I was staying.
My God what a find! The service was fast, the selection was beyond my expectations (Tortas de Cabeza? Tacos de Lengua AND Tripa? I was in Mexi-heaven), cheap, AND it's all damn delicious to boot.
I ate here four times over the three weeks. Overnight shoots can be a real bitch when it comes to "free time" during normal hours. I wasn't disappointed ONCE.
Tacos de suadero- Succulent and juicy
Tacos de chorizo- Spiced just right
Torta de cabeza- HUGE serving, a little on the soggy side but that just made it more fun to eat. Meat was tender and flavorful. Nice ration of mayo and other ingredients.
Tacos de tripa- Take me now Lord. I haven't had tacos this good since I was visiting family in Chihuahua.
They make their own salsa as well, which is great cause they'll give you both their red chipotle (smoky, spicy enough to leave a mark but kind enough to leave when the party is over) and salsa verde (It's really goddamn good. You can taste the freshness of the jalapeno and cilantro) with small complimentary plate of homemade tortilla chips. By the way, the chips also come topped with beans and cheese as a standard.
I can't recommend this place enough.
If you're ever in The Fishtown neighborhood of Philadelphia, and you got a craving that only your mama/tia/abuela's food can fulfill, haul ass to Que Chula es Puebla!Everything I've had here has been absolutely delicious. The portions are generous and the food is amazing. I highly recommend getting some of their horchata too, it's the best I've ever had.I had tacos al pastor and they were marvelous - tender with proper toppings, and well seasoned too. You'll notice the seasoning is spicy. I like that.REALY REALY GOOD.
Everything that  had during my 6 or so visits was extremely well prepared, very fresh and mostly homemade (I doubt the burrito tortilla was homemade, but I could be wrong).  Their homemade red salsa is a very nice combinations of chilli peppers, it has a smokey flavor and a nice little kick.  I put it on everything.  The green salsa is nice too and has a very bright flavor.
The dishes with shrimp (burrito and tacos) were super fresh as the shrimp actually tasted like they should with lots of flavor bursting out.  They were not stingy on the portions here and provided plenty of shrimp for the dish!!
Chicken tamales also taste as they should and remind me of the tamales I had when I visited Mexico.
This is a must try if you like Mexican food.  Not a fancy place, but if you enjoy well prepared homemade Mexican food with some regional Puebla dishes, you will be glad you ate here.Had a terrific meal here last night.  The chef's mother ships in the handmade, homemade mole poblano from Puebla, Mexico.  The mole is a truly intense, amazing experience.  Another favorite is the guacamole, laced with just the right amount of cilantro.  The restaurant is small and simply furnished, but the staff is warm, authentic, and welcoming.The steak tacos had mostly cartilage and lettuce. Cheese fries with cheese on a side arrived with no cheese. They offered to take this order back and bring a new one, but that would take another hour, and my kid would starve to death.
Overall food was ok but not worth waiting for a burrito, a couple tacos and cheese fries (with no cheese) for a whole hour.Que Chula Es Puebla is probably my favorite spot to get mexican and I live in the "italian" market area. It's so authentic and delicious. It's usually pretty empty every time I'm there and it surprises me. I've had the same server every time who is this adorable and sweet mexican woman. She always seems really happy that you're there. You're given complimentary tortilla chips when you dine in and their salsa verde is awesome. It's so limey! The first time I went I got the chimichanga. It's so good, but enormous. I went on Saturday with Weegie and got the Pastor tacos. So good. Personally I love anything involving pork and this is no exception. I can never finish all my food, but always overeat. It's just so good! Plus they have mexican coke in glass bottles and it's my guilty pleasure. (Aside from pork products, that is.) I highly recommend this place.Delicious vegetarian burrito with zucchini, mushrooms, and peppers. About 9 bucks for an extremely filling meal. 
Friendly staff offered free coffee while waiting for our takeout order. Will be back soon.Went here when there was no parking near Cantina Dos Segundos. What a wonderful surprise. Food was great! Good chips n green salsa (spicy). Didn't care for red salsa; tasted more like mole. Good entres; spicy chicken tacos and ground beef enchiladas. Will definitely return!Actually me and my family have eaten here numerous times years ago,  and it was good but I can't say the same of our last visit. I had the surf and turf and if I had 3 pieces of shrimp that was a lot. The steak was basically pieces of gristle, I believe there might have been a piece or two of chicken in there somewhere. Needless to say it was a bad experience all around, my wife and daughter didn't care for their choices either. I will not be coming back as I see the glory days for this place are long gone.Been to Mexico, been to que chula es puebla. This place is super authentic and has amazing food. Their sauces are spicy and I love it. Camerone tacos are my favorite and I love their chips and pico de gallo.
Great food, great service, overall awesome.
Oh and they have vegetarian options as well and can make things vegan too. 
Haters, you can go to taco bell!Best Mexican food have had. Love it here. Really good authentic food. Service is really great too. I recommended this for anyone and it's BYOB too. They are the only place I can get tongue tacos which are my favorite.This place is as good as it gets for the food and price. Their spicy beef tacos are the best!  I have a lot of experience with Mexican food from living in other parts of the country and there are some very bad places in our city.  Good Mexican food does not have to be expensive! They're are only a couple short blocks north of Girard...don't be scared :).  Not a "scene" restaurant though...they do not serve liquor/beer but the food cannot be beat.This is my absolute favorite place in Philadelphia for Mexican food!
Last month a bunch of friends and I went to Que Chula to celebrate my birthday and it was so much fun!  They were so accommodating and friendly.  We shared our cake with them and it was great!!
This is my go to take out spot when I don't feel like leaving the house on these wintry nights!  Nachos, tacos, burritos, and the taco salad are my favorites!Food was very good, I felt sick after eating, only because I ate way too much and he portions are huge. The chicken quesadillas were very good, very cheesy chicken was cooked well. The steak I got was very good, very tender, not over cooked. Very spicy though. I wasn't expecting it but it was still really good. I got this via delivery, it didn't take too long as some of the review suggest. I would reccomend this place.I think the only good thing about this restaurant was that they make the food really quick and called to tell us it was ready for pick up. We ordered the guacamole and chips, tamales, pork and fish tacos. I'm not sure why they stick the chips in the guac. The chips quickly got soggy and the guac was really bland. Same with the fish taco and tamale. Literally had no flavor at all. The only thing we enjoyed was the pork tacos because they had some flavor.The best Mexican place in the neighborhood!
It's not much to look at and kind of plain inside, but it's about the food anyway. They are byob iirc, and they have huge portions.This place came very highly recommended from so many people. It took me a while to get here, but I'm so glad I finally did! 
My friend and I stopped in here for lunch yesterday and had a great time. It's a small corner place that has a very authentic feel. When we walked in around noon on a Thursday, just one other table was occupied. The waitress was very welcoming, friendly, and quickly brought us water and really great chips. Few things make me happier than amazingly fresh, legit crunchy chips. It's the little things. 
After ordering, our food came out promptly. I got a veggie chimichanga, which was full of flavorful, fresh sauteed veggies and gooey cheese. Perfect. My friend got a pork burrito, which he really enjoyed. The portions were great and the price was right on. I'll be back soon.
Thumbs up!Excellent place! This is by far the best Mexican food in the area. Coming from Los Angeles, and a Mexican heritage, I can be quite peculiar when it comes to Mexican food, and this is as good as it gets.
It's a little pricey, but well-worth it. I've tried a few different selections from the menu and had no complaints. Everything was great, especially the ceviche, which is by far the best ceviche I've ever had. 
The staff and service is great. My only concern was the time for food to come out. Food took a little long, so not a good place for a quick sit down menu.I grew up in southern California and spent many weekends in Mexico, plus the fact that I lived in East L.A. during part of that time.  'Que Chula' reminds me of some of the mexican eateries in East L.A. because of their food authenticity and hours  (open at 10 a.m. and closes at  9 or 10 pm)  Also, they make their own horchata in house and it is the best one that I have ever had. Seriously.  The chips and salsa are very tasty as well.  I ordered the 'Mole Poblano' and it was fantastic.   The only un-authentic thing that I noticed was the fact that they put iceberg lettuce on the platters.  I would much prefer fresh cilantro and a slice or two of avocado.
In case you are wondering, Puebla, MX is located about 90 miles southeast of Mexico City/Distrito Federal.
I'm looking forward to eating my way through the menu, and perhaps next time I will B.Y.O.B.... if I am not in the mood for some horchata.
Oh, my husband and I went there via scooter, but we did notice that parking in the area is ample.    I wish there were a bike rack out front.
!Oralé!I absolutely love this place. My family and me are frequent fliers at this place. The lady owner is super courteous and always accommodating. Their food is true authentic Mexican food and my 2nd fav asides from my mom lol it's also BYOB and their renovated space is beautiful.Being from Arizona I tend to be very judgmental of what people call mexican food.  Let just say that Que Chula passes with flying colors! The flautas are heaven, the beans are perfection and the Spanish rice is mouth watering. I would also recommend the tostada's, the burritos, tacos and give the tomatillo hot sauce a shot.  I have to admit the food is enough to keep me coming back but the service is also excellente. Super friendly and always around without hovering.  I definitely recommend this place and think ill try to get there this weekend!My go to when I want authentic Mexican food. I am so serious about this place that I only tell or bring select friends to this place. They don't serve alcohol however it is byob. Everything I have had here has been amazing.Time after time they screw up the order, or it never shows up. Black listed for me.Muy lindo lugar felicidades por su aniversario 2020
Muy rica la comida 100% recomendadoSo I wasn't overly impressed with this spot, but not so disappointed that I wouldn't give them another try. Then again there is a wide berth for anyone willing to deliver tacos to my door in 20 minutes flat. 
The tamale I ordered was pretty good. The quesadilla was really the main offender as far as I'm concerned. It wasn't cheesy at all, just very chicken-y. I'd honestly rather have a quesadilla from Taco Bell. 
I also ordered a beef burrito and ate it the next day. That was fairly good and heated up well. Again, I just wish there was more cheese. 
Delivery was exceptionally fast and friendly. I will give this spot another chance...maybe I caught them on a night when they were running low on cheese.this place is solid. no froo froo, just classic mexican fare. don't come to this place looking for anything fancy but the food we've eaten is good. not gonna blow your mind, but will satisfy your craving. and it's cheap to boot. 
the one thing i will say about this place which i really think you all should know is they have the BEST FLAN in the city!! it is creamy, rich, dense but smooth with a perfect not too sweet caramel sauce. seriously. i would come here just for the flan. it's that good.Cash only  / BYOB
Taco portions are generous and very fresh ingredients. Same with generous guacamole ($7)! Complimentary chips smothered with refried beans and queso fresco are delicious, especially with the green salsa (tomatillo?). Al pastor tacos ($10 for 3) have a lot of flavor and spice. Pairs well with Mexican coke. Flan ($4) is creamy, with deep caramel flavor, and addictive! Overall great portion and authentic quality for the price. Bill for dinner for two about $30-40. 
Cute atmosphere/decorations inside and just two blocks from Fishtown/Girard ave main drag, and Girard MFL stop.Authentic, inexpensive Mexican BYOB in northern liberties.
Tacos, burritos, sopes, tortas. I really like that they offer cebollitas and nopales (grilled onions and cactus).
They also give you a complimentary basket of chips with a bean sauce on it. Salsa here are really good - verde and and smokey roja.For me and my bf this is, hands down, our favorite Mexican spot in the city. Food is delicious, bright, fresh and as authentic as it gets. Whenever we come home from a trip to Mexico, a visit here is just about the only thing that can cheer us up. Never gotten delivery but we enjoy getting takeout as well as dining in for the atmosphere and the warm, friendly service. One of the most remarkable things about Que Chula is how consistent the food is...we go through phases where we get takeout here once a week and things always taste exactly the same. We are addicts and we don't even care.I have never been there in person but have gotten delivery there many times and  never do bc I don't want to ruin the great taste of their delivery.  
By far the best Mexican I have been to in Philly and I'm from Texas.  Have been to loco pez, dos segundos and this is by far has the best consistently good food.  Love all the chimichangas, burritos and tacos.  Can't pick one bc always get like three things from here for left overs and they all have been equally good, even the enchiladas.  The tamales were on the dry/bland side but don't really like traditional tamales anyways so they are probably good for people who actually like tamales.  El districto has the best tamales in town maybe bc they don't make them how I'm used to.  They are the bomb.  And I love how the people who take my order and deliver the food barely speak English.  Make the food that much better knowing they are true Mexican ( or at least I believe they are Mexican delivering my Mexican food).Viva la Puebla! This place is awesome and one one of favorite Mexican spots in Philly. Definitely not your typical fake Philly "Mexican" food. I love the huitlacoche and the mole here. They have also catered several events to help me raise money for the charcot-marie-tooth organization and the food was a hit every time (and helped us raise lots of money)! They are very accommodating and serve authentic Mexican food that won't disappoint.Food is good but there are better places near the city for great Mexican cuisine they fall short on portions as opposed to pricing. The flavor is there but needs a little more punch if they want to run with the big boys of Puebla. Too much competition out there to be playing around, bring it go home is my motto second place isn't going to cut it in this city of foodies .The best Mexican food in the area and this is coming from someone who primarily makes it at home and their fruit juices are so bomb LOVEEEEE IT!! Must trySolid Mexican in North Philly. I cannot complain about this place. Six bucks and you get your tacos and you get the heck outta there. Five minutes and that was all it took. I'd definitely give them my money again because their tacos al pastor were pretty good and loaded, something typically that the South Philly would charge an extra fifty cents to a buck per taco. Next time I come I will make sure to get a burrito to see how they stack up in that platform.I didn't grow up with Mexican cuisine but living in LA for 11yrs I developed a taste for it. This is the best Mexican place around. No frills and deliciousI had a hankering for some authentic mexican food and went to yelp to get some ideas. I came across this place and decided to give it a try. It was a bit of a drive for me, but I wasn't doing anything so I figured why not.
All I can say is my food was wonderful. I ordered the Mojarra Frita (fried fish) and shrimp soup to-go and both were awesome. My fish was crispy without being dry while the soup was tasty and full of shrimp. It was so good I even ate the rice that was included in the platter and I don't really even like rice. I definitely plan on coming here again. So if you haven't been here before its definitely worth a try. You wont be disappointed if your looking for authentic mexican food.I have passed Que Chula Es Puebla on my bike a few times since it opened earlier this year. Because I have the inclination to enjoy most Mexican food that I eat, I was expecting to enjoy Que Chula (almost) no matter what I came across.
When I walked in with my friend Lulu, they were blasting (what I think was) Mexican music. Further, I think we were the only native English speakers. This joint felt authentic. Without asking, they turned down the music a bit for us. The place was mostly empty, but clean and generally nice. We sat down right away, and were brought complementary chips. Our server, who I would guess to be one of the owners, was an adorable Mexican woman. She was sweet and attentive.
We ordered guacamole and chips as an appetizer, and I ordered a slow-roast pork grilled burrito while Lulu got a chimichanga. The guacamole was not the best I've ever had. But for being at 2nd and Master on the 2nd day of spring, I was impressed. Our food took a while, but neither of us minded. When it arrived, we had huge portions in front of us. We both got to the point in our meal where we could have stopped eating and been full, but it tasted so good that we didn't want to stop. In case I haven't made my point, the food really was delicious. Moreover, when you consider that everything was slightly less than $20, it was even more awesome.
I think I've already said enough to sell people on this place. But there is more: BYOB and free delivery. I like to support local businesses, but Que Chula seems to have everything going for it. The menu is extensive enough for me to go back a few times and enjoy myself. Tacos, burritos, and other dishes can be filled with fish, meat or veggies. I would be hard NOT to find something to enjoy here. This is probably the best food you can get in the price range. If you want to go here, let me know. I am down.This place reserves the right to call itself authentic Mexican. Fish and shrimp tacos are great. Guacamole is simple fresh and fantasticThe service here was good. 
As soon as we sat down, the waitress brought out a basket of chips and green and red sauce.  I found the sauce to be a bit salty but the chips were really good.  
I ordered 3 tacos - bistek, chorizo, and pastor - and I enjoyed all 3.  But, my friend got the enchiladas verdes and she barely was able to eat bc she said it was too salty.   I also go the flan, which I enjoyed, not to sweet but sweet enough for me.  
I felt bad for my friend which is why I gave it an average rating.My new favorite Mexican joint!!! I've been wanting to try this place for months and it did not disappoint. I stopped in on a Wednesday for lunch and ordered the Pollo Enchilada Verde to go. It was awesome!!! Perfect amount of food, the flavors danced on my tongue, and all my senses were touched. Even before my food was ready, I grabbed 2 take out menus-one for my office and one for home because I knew just by sitting there, it would be authentic and delicious. I've been telling every one of my friends who lives in the area that they must check it out!!When I moved to NoLibs  I tried all of the "Mexican" restaurants in the neighborhood, I was disappointed my all of them...Don't get me wrong, Dos Segundo's is fine for dinner and margaritas, but I was looking for an AUTHENTIC, middle of the night, 6 dollar take out burrito...just when I was ready to give up, I stumbled upon this place! 
The chimichangas are to die for (perhaps literally) and the deliver for free, with no minimum!!! They also always get the delivery to you quickly, so tip them well! I almost forgot, the Horchatas are Amaze-Ballz! Yummm!Mmmm.  Yes.  Holy cow.  Wowza.  This seriously hit the spot one night while having a chill night in with my partner.  Everything was very flavorful and obviously homemade.  Especially impressed with the homemade corn tortilla that I had for my quesadilla.  Will definitely be ordering from here again!!Highly disappointed. Ordered delivery that took an hour and twenty minutes when I live half a mile away. They package the guac with the chips, so the chips are soggy and disgusting. I got chicken fajitas and nothing was chopped up. Whole slices of tomato, fatty chicken that I had to pull apart. Charged extra for sour cream, does not come with cheese or sour cream.Also soggy tortillas. I should of just ordered pizza.We were headed to the Philadelphia Photo Arts Center to see an exhibit, and found this restaurant on Yelp because it was nearby and had very good reviews.   We had trouble finding it at first, and a staffer stayed on the phone with me as we navigated our way there to the corner of North 2nd and Master. It has a local neighborhood feel, with one long room filled with tables and a TV blasting soccer highlights in Spanish. Not a place for a romantic meal, but definitely fun and very clean. The waiter brought some delicious home-made tortilla chips drizzled with refried beans and two sauces on the side to start. The menu is huge. I ordered a platter of chicken enchiladas in a mole sauce that came with spanish rice (nice and moist), salad of lettuce and tomato, and refried beans (not a thick mixture, much thinner, almost like a sauce, but very tasty). The highlight for me was the Mexican coffee, which was fragrant and lightly sweet. Heavenly! I'd go back in a flash (if I didn't live so far away). FYI the waiter came running after us half a block because my husband left his change purse on the table. Great and friendly service. There were only a few tables full the day after Christmas, so I can't speak for the service or noise level with a full house.I'm ashamed to say I've never even heard of this place before one of my friends suggested it as an option for a BYOB dinner in Northern Liberties/Fishtown/Kensington. But, after our fantastic and fun meal there, i won't be forgetting it anytime soon.
The space is casual, there's always soccer on the TV, and the incredibly friendly people that welcome you in and serve your meal could not be nicer. Everyone was happy - the wait staff, the people fulfilling takeout orders, and obviously, the diners.
We shared the guacamole appetizer, the standard chips that arrive (hot, omg), and each had a variety of tacos. I went for the roasted pork, chicken, and chorizo + a side of rice/beans. Everything was super delicious, packed with rich meat and fresh flavors. My favorite of the three was the roasted pork, but I think they all were good. I was so full that i couldn't eat my chorizo one, so I brought that home and turned it into a breakfast taco in the morning.
I'll definitely be back - to enjoy the casual and friendly neighborhood-loved space (seriously, by the time we left at 8:30, the place was packed with friends and families from the neighborhood - which I took as a fantastic sign.)Ordered a really generic chicken burrito with a white flour tortilla and white rice that I guess was supposed to be Spanish rice -- very plain. Not worth $10 and I'm pretty sure they forgot to give me the beans and rice on the side but I forgot to ask. The staff were nice though.So good-- guacamole dip is a great starter, and we love the burritos and chimichangas. The perfect take-out menu at any time, and the price is right!!![to the tune of "Juice" by Lizzo]
Mirror, mirror on the wall
I'm craving a taco or two (ooh baby)
Need some spicy green salsa
So you know what I'm gonna do (ooh baby)
I just want something cheap and fast
and I'd love to bring my crew (ooh baby)
Grab a few beers, squadding up
Inviting you and you and you
that's how we roll
If I'm hangry, yes you know I'm gonna whine (burrito bowls)
But Que Chula hits the spot 'most every time (now you know)
Bring tequila baby, hit it with the lime (yeah you know)
Those chorizo are the baddest, that one's mine!
It ain't my fault that the nacho's coming loose
And I'll take some extra too
Gonna steal that guac from yous...
Que Chula has really come in hot in our lives lately. It's a great BYOB for a casual date or dinner out with some buddies, they always seem to have room, withing walking distance of ACME or a few bottle shops if you need to grab a drink, and their green salsa is so delish.
I love the tacos, especially that they're not like... $15 for two. less than 10 for three, and we're always full after two meaning BREAKFAST TACO LEFTOVERS! Chips come with beans and a dusting of cheese, they take credit cards now, and the staff is super friendly without hovering. 5/5Love this place! Can't get enough! It is all delicious! You can't go wrong! Try the flan too! Woohoo!!!Had the pork meat tacos and a shrimp burrito and two bottles of Mexican soda the food was good place was clean also nice staff and the food portions is good as wellFood is good. Service is inconsistent. The last 2 visits I was pretty much ignored as I was coming in to pick up my uber order. No one but me at the counter and 2 women behind the desk. No eye contact, no hello I'll be with you in a moment, nothing. I even tried to said Hi and was ignored. They talked back and forth while one was tapping away at a screen. After about a minute of standing there being ignored I made a frustrated gesture. The woman finally, without even looking at me, says I'll be with you in a second. She continues tapping away at the screen. Meanwhile my food is sitting 2 feet from her. After about another minute, and me verbally expressing my frustration, she finally ask my name and takes the 3 seconds to hand me my food. Had she just said "Hi, give me one moment" from the beginning, there would be no issue. The fact that she literally ignored me is what pissed me off. I'm taking a break from this place.I love Mexican food, always and forever - and I have been almost around the block in terms of Mexican food, both living in Mexico and spending time in communities in the US with large Mexican populations, leading to large amounts of delicious Mexican restaurants... but this place is delicious! It is my favorite mexican restaurant in Philadelphia, and I live dangerously close to it, so they deliver.
I generally go for the al pastor burrito when i get delivery, because i know it will travel well and I know it will be delicious. But, when you go straight to the source (to Que Chula es Puebla itself) I dive into the menu a little deeper and have gotten a variety of messier things... all delicious!
These include:
the enchiladas (green and chicken)
chile rellenos (incredible)
and a variety of platters.
Also they do delicious tamales for 2.50
Also their sopes are like a giant cup of sope (sometimes a little too extravagant on the fried part) but still so delicious
also they are BYOB, provide a small plate of tortilla chips with beans and cheese if you eat in, and their salsas are incredible - I want them to bottle the green one so I can just have it for my home. 
I just created a yelp account so I could write this review, that's how much I endorse que chula!Absolutely love que chula! I could probably eat here every day and the fact that they're right down the street makes it so much more tempting to do so. I've had plenty of friends order from here during their visits and they all really enjoyed their food. Ingredients are fresh and flavor is on point.I almost don't want to write a review for this place as I want to keep it all for myself.  I stumbled across it biking around my neighborhood and have been hooked on the burritos ever since.  
My favorite thing on the menu by far is the roasted pork grilled burrito.  The pork is always so tender and flavorful, and it is served with lettuce, tomatoes and avocado slices on the side.  I'm also a huge fan of the mushroom quesadillas and the chorizo tacos.  
Unlike everyone else I know, I'm not crazy about the guacamole.  Its a little too oniony for me, and more tangy that I would prefer.  I think the int he batch I had, the onions and the lime juice overwhelmed the avocado deliciousness.  
I get takeout from here pretty regularly, and the delivery is always fast.I've ordered take out from Que Chula Es Puebla a couple of times, originally picked mainly because it seemed like one of the most authentic options in the area. 
That being said, after trying to go for a more authentic experience, I decided I wanted to order a burger. Yeah, I don't know what I was thinking either. It may not have been authentic, but it certainly was an experience. First of all, this thing is HUGE. About the size of a small pizza. It wasn't mentioned in the description but this monster is clearly meant to be shared unless you haven't eaten in weeks. I was not the biggest fan of it. The patty was very dense and didn't have enough seasoning. And because it was so big, the proportions of the condiments, lettuces, etc of the rest of the burger were way off. Would not order again. 
Now what you *must* order are the french fries and guacamole. One of my favorite places for both french fries and guacamole in the city. They also give you plenty of hot sauces. I'm a fan of the green, but the red has a nice smokey taste to it. 
The Shredded Chicken Tacos are a good pick too. Not the best tacos I've had (a bit dry) but very filling. 
Will probably be ordering again, if only for the french fries and guacamole.Real Mexican food! Burritos, quesadillas and tacos are the TOP! Also they have different flavors of Jarritos and Mexican coke! They have spicy and non-spicy option food and I really appreciate that.Where is love? I found love at Que Chula es Puebla in South Kensington, just a short walk from Girard.  Whenever I leave the city, I yearn for the chorizo tacos from Que Chula. 
I enjoy many other menu items. My go to is the Chorizo tacos accompanied by a fish taco and Jamaica.  Four tacos and hibiscus tea is a meal of champions. I ask for extra limes for my tacos. I get everything on my tacos but the traditional tacos are equally amazing. The chorizo is at Que Chula is unmatched by any restaurant in the city. In addition to the chorizo tacos, I highly recommend their salads, chimichangas, ceviche, and flan.
Que Chula is BYOB. Usually, enjoy my meals with a glass of water. I make an exception when I visit Que Chula, I love their Jamaica. The tea is wonderfully sweet and tart. The restaurant is a wonderful casual but intimate place to eat with friends.SO! I came here with a wonderful friend over the weekend. As a hispanic who grew up in VA, i'm always scared to try places that say they're authentic and when you go, they're disappointing and whatnot. example: going to mexican restaurants and ordering horchata and once you sip it, it's not real horchata (my fellow mexicans/hispanics know what i'm talking about here.) You can taste that the horchata was made in house (i even asked the waitress and told her, please be real with me lol)! ohhhh man, we ordered a chicken tinga quesadilla and enchiladas de mole con pollo... yoo... i cannot express how delicious it was. I absolutely LOVE mole! it's so hard to find a good mexican place in philly that isn't in south philly. everything was soooo good. I was blown away that i've been walking past this place for years and never went in.. i'm sad but now i'm happy! I cannot wait to go back! 10/10! everyone was so nice, i felt like i was in at my grandma's with all the cute mexican decorations they had. even the little jugs! what also surprised me is that they have more mexican sodas than any other place i've seen here (like i havent seen a guava jarritos in years!). I'm excited to go back!Very poor customer service. I called to make sure they would include complimentary chips and salsa like every Mexican restaurant and the person who answered the phone kept me on hold for 5 minutes then said it would be an additional $7.57 for chips and salsa. I told him we'd ordered from them before and got complimentary chips and salsa and he said nope then hung up on me.Three point five stars is more like it!
Ordered Que Chula today because I was jonesing for some Meh-hee-can. It did not disappoint...too much. Delivery was pretty fast, and free! Woohoo! 
I ordered the shredded beef chimichanga and beef chalupas. The chimichanga was pretty good...loooaded with cheese, which is kind of my dream. Both dishes came with a spicy salsa and guacamole. The guacamole wasn't anything special, but the salsa stuff was awesome. It has a very nice bite to it. The reason I'm giving three stars was because I really wasn't a fan of the chalupas. They had almost no flavor and it was just a very messy experience [I'm pretty bad at finger foods]. 
I would certainly order from here again, and also suggest it to my friends! Very modest pricing for the amount of food you get, and they take credit cards.
Mexican food yummmm.Love this place! Their food is always fresh and you get a lot for your money. I also appreciate that you can choose three different tacos for one order. They are always very accommodating. I highly recommend checking them out!Great food, great service - perfect choice for Cinco De Mayo or any other day of the year!Que chula es Puebla indeed!!! Another favorite authentic mexican restaurant. Puebla has a few little things that set them apart from your normal tacqueria. First, once you arrive and take a seat you are greeted with chips and salsa but the chips have refried beans on top. It's heaven! Second, the green salsa is killer. It's think and packs the right amount of spiciness that is consistent! I put it on everything. Lastly, when you order tacos you have the option of traditional tacos that come with onions and cilantro or the gringo version that comes with lettuce, tomatoes and cheese. How awesome is that!? I have devoured everything I have ordered from their menu so far. Taco are delicious, the al pastor pack heat and the shredded chicken are super moist and tasty. I tried their tres leches  cake and WOW, for a second I thought I was at Las Bumbaguilas on south street. I was blown alway and suprised on how delicious it was. One piece of the tres leches cake is $5.00 but it's totally worth it. A must try!! The staff are super nice and very attentive. They provide great service and prices are super cheap. Oh and it's BYOB!!! Stop by!!I use to frequent this place often. Especially the Agua Frecas. I usually get a large watermelon mixed with pineapple and it's costs about $5. I ordered and today it was$10! I asked why was it double than usual and I got a shrug. 
I saw the receipt and saw I was charged for 2 large drinks. I asked why was I charged for two large instead of two smalls (if they need the charge for inventory) but again I just got an "oh well" 
So I won't be back with those prices.New favorite authentic Mexican spot. We are vegetarian and have tried the jalepeno and cheese quesadillas, the vegetarian tostadas and the bean burrito. So good. Ask for extra salsa. Love the verde one!I rolled into this place for some Mexican when I was definitely tipsy from an afternoon at Morgan's Pier and some more beers at my roommate's art show. All I wanted was a big burrito.
They brought out your typical chips and salsa, but the chips had some refried beans drizzled on them. Yum! Both the green and the red salsas were super delicious - maybe better than my faves down at Veracruzana.
Then the carnitas burrito came out. So freakin' good. 
I am never up this way, but I'm really glad I was able to get here to try this place. Definitely will come back next time I'm in the area.Ordered a shredded beef burrito to go, delicious! I also really loved their green hot sauce! Will definitely try to support them throughout these crazy Covid times!Cheap tasty Mexican food. They deliver. They deliver to the bar. I'm always happy when I eat here. It's the perfect way to soak up a bunch of beer. 
The guac is yummy, the shredded beef tacos were really good and the cake was awesome. Oh, and it's pretty cheap. I really appreciate it.Awesome food, great taste of Mexican food, the only thing is they take too long to get food ready but otherwise I love que chile es pueblaDelicious mexican food, far more authentic than all of the bar tacos in the area.  Not that there's anything wrong with bar tacos.  Sometimes you want an actual mexican meal though.  The Chicken Enchiladas Roja are my personal favorite.  I usually get a Green Tamale as well.  They deliver, which is awesome.  Their menu says they are closed Monday but half the time when I call they are open anyways.  Their dining room is by no means fancy, but bring a 6-pack from Bottle Bar with you and what you'll get is a fantastic no-frills dinner experience that is a nice change from the usual Fishtown Gastropub experience.
UPDATE:  I'm dropping my review 2 stars because their delivery service has really been awful the last half dozen times I've had it delivered.  I live a mile away and it is typical for delivery to take well over an hour.  It's kind of ridiculous.  I usually walk over and pick it up, but sometimes I'm lazy, and it's really annoying to wait so long.amazing, everything is amazing including the walls its like nothing they do is wrong i hope to see this place go even further they truly deserve it.This is a really good Mexican restaurant in the neighborhood! I would take my friends and family.
I placed an UberEats order for 3 Pastor Tacos and a Tamal. I did put a note to not add onion to my tacos but when I received them they had onion (main reason for the ding). The tamal was also warm when it arrived, but it was cold by the time I finished my tacos. I felt like the tamal was too dry (but again, it was cold when I started eating it).
I was very impressed with the flavor of the marinated pork, and 3 tacos for less than  10, you can't beat it.OK - SO ...I am not going to bore you with a long review because you absolutely cannot go wrong here. PLEASE go there if you are even looking at this place as a possibility.
Guacamole
Chorizo Tacos 
Fish Tacos
Roasted Pok Tacos
All AMAZING! Wow. I can't wait to go back. 
BYOB makes it five stars! Authentic Mexican served by Mexican people, offbeat location in an unassuming but EXTREMELY clean environment. (I am sorry - but normally the bathrooms are sooooo gross but this one was absolutely spotless, smelled good and looked good) And...I hear that if you bring your own tequila they will make you fresh margaritas. HELLO!
This is our new "the place" when we go to Philly for the day with the fam ....and I don't see it changing any time soon.Back to living dow the street from Que Chula. I often have to stop myself from ordering a burrito for delivery when I'm hungover. Their red sauce is my favoriteeeeeeee. I always need extra. Also if you dine in you get free tortillas chips and bean sauce.This place is disgusting. The chicken tastes like it is from a can and the water wasn't drained all they way, seriously. It has actually no taste in general. Definitely will not be back. Disappointing as I heard good things about it...Best and most authentic Mexican food in Fishtown/Northern Liberties BY FAR. Their chicken tacos are amazing.*sighhhh* Oh Que Chula. We had a good run. Many laughs. Many burps. Many chips and beans. I took my family here. I introduced my friends to you. Unfortunately, my past three experience with you guys were disappointing. 
The first bad experience: I ordered a burger and the center of the burger was medium rare. When  asked for a new burger, I was told I can't have a new burger b/c I ate half of the burger. 
The second bad experience: we had a party of 6. The waitress, who was taking care of us, had a difficult time getting our order correct. We had to send our order back a few times. Also, being that Que Chula is byob, we had a bottle of wine with us. We asked for a few wine glasses. We did not get the wine glasses, literally, until we asked for the check. Her exact words "Oh, did you guys want wine glasses?" 
The final strike: I ordered a burrito and a taco salad for delivery. When my order was delivered, I bit into my burrito, and the burrito was COLD.  That's just cruel. The taco salad, lukewarm.
Que Chula, it was good while it lasted, but sometimes you just have to mate like a tree and leave. Its been real.absolutely takes my breathe away. i have never had anything less than perfect from this establishment and it satisfies me every time. but what really has changed me as a person is their chicken chimichangas and how i crave a taste of this every single second of my day and will for the rest of my life so i will do anything humanly possible to get a que chula chicken chimichanga.... would be my last meal on death row, will be the reason i can never leave philadelphia, and will forever be my food suggestion for any meal of the day. thank you que chula es puebla for making me the woman i am today.A bit pricy BUT so worth it. The shredded chicken enchilada had a perfect combo of chicken and melted cheese in a slightly crispy and golden brown wrap with a sour cream drizzle. Super filling and the sauces on the side are drool worthy!The best Mexican in Philly! This place is truly a hidden gem. The food and service are so authentic that if you sit back and enjoy a leisurely lunch you may even forget that you're not enjoying the meal in Mexico. From the corn tortillas, to the fresh cilantro and refried beans on the homemade chips- this food frankly doesn't exist anywhere else in the city. Did I mention its super cheap too?
Come for the food and stay for THE COFFEE! The absolute best coffee I've ever had in my life It's brewed with cane sugar and cinnamon and some other spices that you can drink it black and it will still be the most flavorful coffee that will leave you asking for refill after refill (and leave you shaking all day.) 
There may be nothing else within a mile in any direction but I can't wait to go back!The fact the most Mexican food as we know it tacos , burritos come from Mexican farm workers and Californios (Castillian Californias) the east coast will just never get Mexican food ride. Also the agriculture has a huge part to play. I mean the place is ok, but it's not the real real!Delicious, authentic mexican food and deserts. Easy parking for pickup, travels well, and they fix mixups quickly. The staff is very friendly, bilingual and must have my order memorized by now since I stop by weekly to get the same thing lol even the deepfried burritos make it home crunchy as ever. They don't have kids portions but the regular portion is okay for a small child and expect left overs.Unfortunately while the food is okay and well-priced, they are TERRIBLE about communicating the actual time that food will be ready. We called on a Friday, gave our order, and were told 20 minutes. My husband showed up 20 minutes later, paid, then waited an additional half an hour for a burrito and bistek tacos. In addition, when he got home, he realized that they gave us SOMEONE ELSE's ORDER! 
Not worth the hassle.Having moved from Brooklyn, I was skeptical I could find Mexican as good in Philly as I had in Sunset Park. Que Chula Es Puebla is easily the best I've had in the city. As others said, yes, it's not the prettiest place (and looks a bit scary from the outside) but when you make al pastor tacos this tasty, you can serve it in a cardboard box and I'd go there. Aside from the great tacos--shredded chicken was also fantastic, though shrimp was a bit overcooked--the prices can't be beat: $6 for three, well-stuffed soft-shelled meat tacos. We brought our own alcohol, too, so we left satiated and happy--and just $8 poorer each!