My husband and I took my mother here for her 100th birthday!
We can't say enough about the treatment we received: from a great table and view, to delicious "compliments of the chef" extra dishes, to a beautifully decorated cake plate, to the warm and attentive servers. It was much more than we expected, even for this very special occasion. For us, it was a wonderfully memorable experience.great food, great view. Try the lobster mac and cheeseSecond stop for Center City Restaurant Week:  R2L, dinner for $35 each. 
On the 37th floor of Two Liberty Place is a very fancy-cool restaurant/lounge where you can get a bird's eye view of the city! Group of us went to dinner here together after a day of meetings. Didn't get one of the tables facing the windows, but still had great views of the sunset and city by night. Again, multiple choices for the three courses, but I chose to start with the crisp peas/ham/garlic risotto [balls]. Main course was the Butcher's Filet (braised short rib + Steuben bean chili, potato/farm veg slaw and basil), which was quite heavy since there was also meat in the chili as well. The dazzling dessert to finish it off was the milk chocolate + hazelnut pudding served with salted caramel and coffee to melt the chocolate, and candied almonds on the side. A bottle of wine for the table as well. Food was great, waiter was awesome (making sure to warn me that the risotto came in ball form rather than a bowl, for instance), very classy experience.Walked into the restaurant, with reservations, and many open tables.  I asked the manager for a window table and was responded with "they are all reserved."  Two hours later, when we left, still many open tables next to the windows.
Overall food was good.
I had the filet and she had the salmon.
The bottle of wine that was recommended was $75 and was not told prior to ordering it, just that it was the last bottle.Came here for my 21st birthday dinner with my family and had a great experience! The food and drinks were to die for, but they were extremely overpriced. Even though the quality of food was good, I still don't think it was worth what we paid for. I recommend getting the lobster mac and cheese as an appetizer, it was probably the best mac and cheese I've ever eaten. At the end of the meal, they gave us some small complimentary desserts, even though we ordered a bunch of desserts to top off our meal. Had a great time, but definitely overpriced.This review is for a corporate event in a private dining room with a limited food menu & bar. 
I was blown away! One of the best meals I've ever had and service was flawless, expert, courteous, and never intrusive. Passed hors d'ouevres were creative and tasty. Lobster consommé was delicious and filet was PERFECTLY cooked & seasoned, melted in my mouth, and a generous portion. And that view is just stunning! Actually a better view from our private room than the main dining room, where I've been for a happy hour event (which was less perfect since the space was very overbooked resulting in slow service). Highly recommend for an event and may be back here for a special occasion dinner.An amazing view, impeccable professional service great fare,don't  skip a visit to this Philadelphia gem. Nick, who is a stellar, incredible server, recommended a lovely 2010 Bordeaux-Chateau Font Merlet which complemented the Tuna Tartare and Steak Tataki.
This is a must see in Philadelphia. After witnessing a fabulous nighttime view, I can't wait to return to check out the spectacular sunsets.On May 14 of this year I took my boyfriend and our daughter here for his 34th birthday. And may I say, we had a wonderful experience. The drinks were top notch and the food was something out of this world. Taylor our waitress was Awesome! Every server/waiter/waitress that night was great. We'll definitely keep coming back.Overall, a Great Experience!!! My wife and I celebrating our 5 year Anniversary and had a Fantastic time. Not just the Food was off the hook, but the wait staff was very attentive. And what can I say about the views. Thank you guys for making our night memorable.There are restaurants with views and then there are views with restaurants. This belongs to the latter group. Had I known there was a view involved I would not have booked a table as the food is so often an afterthought and overpriced; this was no exception. The cooking was erratic, ranging from superb to amateurish. Fennel appetizer was sensational. Short ribs were dry and stringy and served tepid. The skate was perfect but the fettuccine lackluster. The light over our table was burned out so we ate in partial darkness which only served to highlight the short comings of the dishes. Loved the bread selection at the start and the shortbread cookies and jellies at the end were great! It's a good place for drinks and bar snacks and it feels special. If you care about the food, go elsewhere.I went there on Restaurant week ,food is terrible,i ordered soup(portion is too small,anyway i went from there hungry )but service is goodWent for a casual happy hour and thoroughly enjoyed my $8 (normally $12) cocktail.
$3.25 for a club soda.  Ouch.
Also loved the seared tuna appetizer with - get this - portabello "fries" - so tasty.
Excellent food, service and one-of-a-kind atmosphere.
Perfect for a date or romantic dinner for two.
Great for a proposal or special occaision.
Expense-account-worthy.
Boy can they throw down!
N.B. - I can't get any cell phone service up here.  Oh well - with that view, who cares.Went there yesterday for the restaurant week lunch. Terrific view of Philadelphia, probably a lot better at night. We had the shrimp cocktail and smoked salmon as the first course, both very good. For the second course, had the farm egg frittata and the fried flounder sandwich, which were good. The third course of lemon meringue tart and toasted banana marshmallow was excellent. If you like marshmallows, the toasted banana marshmallow is a must-have. Flawless service, one of the best I have seen.Drinks are good view is nice. Had the cheese tray and some other apps. I was rudely told to not move seats in the lounge area because it would mess up orders for the kitchen, well we moved our seats to accommodate a large party next to us, to ensure another guests satisfaction, as a previous server I felt that was a very unprofessional comment. Also ordered the burger sliders and when I bit into it the grease slid down my wrist burning me and ruining my brand new top. Have been here a few times prob will not returnThis restaurant is absolutely stunning. My fav dish is the lobster mac. I've heard many people say that they do not like the food but I really enjoy it. The atmosphere is awesome. Beautiful views of the city. There is a seperate lounge area that is fun. Service has always been great. I've also attended a private dining event which was beautiful! My 2nd fav restaurant in the city.We wanted to be impressed, but we just weren't. Seemed stuffy from the start. While checking in the 2 young girls spent an awkward amount of time finding our reservation. No "We're glad you chose to dine with us" or even a simple "Good evening." The food was good, not great-we had the lobster Mac appetizer, 2 entrees (it's extra for any veggie sides) and a glass of wine and a beer-$180. It just didn't seem worth it.Tried R2L for the 1st time last night - Restaurant week gave us a good excuse to finally check it out. Loved everything about the place!
Very friendly staff / Our waitress was wonderful
Food was delicious. I had the caesar salad, short ribs & chocolate financier for dessert.  The short ribs literally melted in my mouth!
My husband & I split the shrimp cocktail which included only 3 but they were very large. These were good , wasn't crazy about the cocktail sauce.
He ordered the house salad with balsamic - equal to or even tastier than the tangy Caesar. For an entree he enjoyed the flounder paella style- which not only included rice but also clams, mussels & calamari. He devoured it in minutes :)
I forget the name is his dessert but there was mellon & a type of sherbet or pudding in the center. 
The meal is served with a seasoned bread & creamy butter. 
They also have a very nice lounge area surrounding the bar for an after or before dinner cocktail. There were people eating some apps there as well. 
Restaurant week menus tend to leave a person hungry & wanting more. Not here. I was actually unable to finish my entree even with help from my husband. Very good sign of their every day standards:)
R2L- Way above the hustle & bustle of the busy Philly streets - you will fill your belly with yummy food & fall in love with the beautiful city skyline. Come at sunset...An amazing dining experience in the sky.  The flat bread with arugula and truffle oil was an awesome app!I'm afraid to go back to R2L for fear I'll: a) freak out the cute foodie server I already seemingly stalked for his food knowledge; b) have another meal so remarkable that it will harsh on everything else I eat for a week.
My husband and I went the Friday before V-Day (that's Valentine's Day, gutter-brains), and we really didn't know what to expect aside from guaranteed truffle oil (we know our Daniel Stern).
After a slightly awkward ascent via the elevator with a couple who looked like they might be going up to the 37th floor to push each other out the window, we arrived at a fairly fab, glam-but-not-overdone space that was obviously fancy but not so fancy that I wished I'd broken out the fur.
We waited at the bar and had a couple "eh" house speciality cocktails (something manhattan-ish... something else wtih gin...not memorable, obvi), followed by a couple glasses of wine.  I remember the eye candy who served my drinks more than what I had.  Gorgeous girls behind the bar and in the cocktail area.  When we were ushered to our table, we finally checked out the menu and saw at least 40 things we wanted to try, so we thought it over while snacking on olive loaf and sourdough bread - both amazing.
For starters, we ordered the warm spinach salad (I think it was served with pate?) with poached egg.  It was to die for -- perfect amount of egginess, great presentation all around.  I ordered the lobster roll (lobster roll with a hint of lavender!!) on house-made brioche, which came with chips and some other cute little lobster-tentacle-esque garnish.  I seriously housed this lobster roll, and hoarded it so that my husband couldn't have any.  Happy Valentine's day, baby.  F-ign unreal.
Main course... My husband ordered the salmon, which was poached in olive oil and probably the single best piece of salmon I've ever eaten.  I was SO JELLY over his order.  I had the flatbread with arugula and truffle oil (see earlier reference in part one of this food novella), and a side of broccoli, which somehow was the best broccoli I've ever eaten.  Someone obviously crushed pretty hard on the broc while they were making it, because it was unreal and just so delicate... Yes, I just reviewed a side of broccoli. For realsies.
Dessert (yeah, we went there) was beignets, and this crazed garbanzo bean cookie topped with poached pears and honey ice cream.  Our server brought out some delicious honey-related (I say related because I don't know if it was infused or how it got there) cognac to pair it with.  I had one of those "food moments" where I was like... You know what?  I'm okay with everything in life right now and I would like to have the Chef's love child in the very near future.
Unbelievable meal, amazing service, sweet atmosphere, and a meal I can recall in complete detail a month later.  Bravo, R2L.We had a great dinner at R2L during Restaurant Week.  Everything was great, but I'm only giving it 4 stars primarily because of the price.  We'd love to go back, but the food is so pricey, we'll probably wait until a (very) special occasion.  
I had been to R2L for drinks during Center City Sips and wanted to try it for dinner as the menu looked very good and I couldn't get enough of the view.  The only reservation I could get was for 5:30pm on a Wednesday night of Restaurant Week (I really appreciate that they're on Open Table).  While we weren't there for sunset, the timing was fine as it turned out to be a cloudy day.  We had a table with a great view to the west.  
The server was so welcoming and accommodating.  Everything we ate was fantastic.  My risotto was awesome and a huuuuge portion, but my husband's entree wasn't as big.  Still hungry, he tried three times to get more of the bread (which was delicious, by the way), asking everyone that passed by our table from our server to beyond, but we never got a second helping which was a little annoying.
One item of note was the noise at the bar.  We were seated immediately adjacent to the bar area, and it was quite loud.  Both Wednesdays we were there, for Center City Sips a few weeks ago and for Restaurant Week recently, the bar was incredibly packed and loud.  R2L seems to be a swanky, popular place to get a drink after work, but maybe the crowd disperses a little bit later in the evening..  
The food really was incredibly good, and I do look forward to going again, hopefully getting a window seat, away from the bar area, on a very special occasion or for the next restaurant week!I really liked R2L. I can't speak as much to the value as I didn't pick up the tab though. But the food was delicious. They add a mix to their food so it isnt just the standard. For apps we enjoyed the lobster, crab cakes, mini burgers, bacon wrapped scallops dumplings, and the flat bread. All were delicious. The bread basket was even good! I was full just from that alone and completely satisfied. But then for the main course I got the lobster paella. Not at all what I was expecting. I lived in spain and was thinking traditional paella. This was more of a seafood medley - no rice. It was delicious as well but just an fyi. Most people at my table got the steak and ribs which was also very good. Everyone enjoyed their meals. 
We had to go for dessert and ended up getting a vanilla cake with ice cream. So yummy. R2L also brough us 2 complimentary pallet cleansers which were interesting. Nice of them, but nothing to write about.
Drinks were good - liked their wine choice. Our waiter was friendly and knowledgeable. He definitely pushed only expensive items when asked for recommendations of wine and entrees though which annoyed me.
We came for dinner but walked through the bar to our table. Happy Hour was packed and looked fun. It is a little too dark for my taste but it is a nice place and the deals were awesome. Stella was $3 as were other beers and they had a selection of wines for $5.
And lastly - the ambiance. I liked how it was decorated but it would have been lighter. The way the tables were set gave enough space to not be on top of people and to feel private. And the views of the city were awesome.My expectations were fairly high for this place and ultimately I left somewhat disappointed (and $200 less in my wallet). What you are really paying for is the view here. While we didn't lay down a $200 deposit to guarantee a window seat, we did get one. I think this was because we ate so early on a Sat evening (5:30pm reservations). We were seated on the West side and the sun was setting. Fortunately I had my sunglasses with me although they did offer to pull down the shades for me as well. The views were definitely lovely but it likely would have been better had we gone later in the evening when the lights of the city were coming alive. 
Service was excellent throughout the entire meal. Our waitress took good care of my wife who is gluten free. We asked her what a few of the roads/bridges were that we were looking at, but she sort of guessed at it. You would thinking working there they would be required to know the more major landmarks out there. Oh well.
As for the food, that's what left me disappointed. I started with the Steakhouse Salad. I guess I just assumed there would be some meat in it, but sadly, there was none to be found. There were quite a few olives in there and unfortunately I'm not an olive fan, so ultimately I wasn't able to finish the salad. My wife's roasted shrimp though wasn't bad. For our entrees, she went with the Salmon while I had the Filet and Shortrib Duo. In the end, it was pretty good but it certainly didn't wow me or anything. I've had better meals and other restaurants in the city. At least the evening ended on a more positive note with dessert. My Lemon Tart was delicious and you can tell they have a pastry chef on site. Not many gluten free options for my wife, so she just had sorbet.Came here for my birthday and everything flowed so smoothly. I started off with a bottle of rose and never had an empty glass. My booth was in the corner and had a beautiful view of the city. We started out with the cheesesteak nachos and they were delicious. The chips were airy and made in house earlier that day. For my meal I had short rib with filet. The meat was so tender and cut so smoothly. I paired it with the Brussels sprouts and it was the most delicious thing I've had. They had wild rice in the middle and the right amount of saltiness. My waiter nick made sure our glasses were full the entire time and kept up with clearing the table. The dessert cake out with a happy birthday message. It was an expensive evening, but worth it for the atmosphere and high quality service.I went there with my friend, she just came from Arizona. I wanted to find a place can see the night view in Philly. The place is good, but the waitress was not good. The service is bad. And food was not that good, tasting just like TGfriday.  But we spent almost $200. I will not go there again.Had a great time here. The food was fantastic, and the view was superb. The waitress seemed genuinely happy to be working here and was extremely friendly. No complaints.TL;DR: View/ambience: excellent; Food - Good (not great - honestly, if you're considering this place for the food, just go to Vernick); Service - extremely poor (why you're reading this review)
I'm not the type of person who regularly writes yelp reviews - I like most places where I eat and don't feel the need to write about it. That being said, because our experience at R2L was so anomalous, I felt I had to warn people about the service. 
While the food was good, and the view was wonderful, we had an unfortunate experience. At the beginning of our meal, the waitress was friendly and built a rapport with us. However, there was an unfortunate incident where someone (not our server) on the waitstaff knocked a glass of water on one of us and spilled our bottle of wine on the floor. No wine got on either of us, and we were very understanding - mistakes happen. We get it. Here's where problems arose. 
What great service would have been: Provide a glass of wine promptly to make up for the amount spilled and comp something trivial, like a desert or app. 
What reasonable service would have been: Provide a glass of wine promptly to make up for the amount spilled. 
What actually, unfortunately, happened: The waitstaff gave us a bunch of napkins and apologized a couple of times. One of about three people hurriedly cleaning us up promised us 2 extra glasses to make up for the wine that had soaked into the carpet. Finally, the gentleman who made the mistake was very apologetic. Up until this point - totally fine. 
Then, after a few minutes of everyone, including our formerly-friendly server, avoiding us like they heard there was a sudden outbreak of the Zika virus at our table, our server finally resurfaced to refill water. When one of us asked whether that wine was coming out (after all, someone we hadn't met before promised it then disappeared), rather than reassuring us, this was the response, verbatim: "You didn't finish the bottle yet. We were going to bring it out when you finished the bottle." Excuse me? 
After the flippant response, our waitstaff's avoidant behavior continued. We finished our bottle of wine with dinner, then ordered a dessert (hey, maybe this would give them a chance to be reminded by the wine stain in the carpet that they promised to compensate us for our overpriced loss with a glass?).  Frustrated, we asked for the check. After our waitress ran our card, FINALLY, upon returning our check, she poured our two drinks, without speaking a word to us, as we were about to leave. 
We expected better from a such a supposedly classy establishment. We cannot in good conscience recommend this restaurant to others.My first experience with R2L was over a year ago for a business function; I was not impressed with my dry chicken and the overall crowdedness of the venue. However, after my experience last night I'm singing a different tune. 
My husband and I went with friends last night who selected the restaurant because of its Restaurant Week menu. I'm not sure if it was because of Restaurant Week, the day of the week, or the time we were dining (pretty late) but the restaurant was sparse. I actually liked this as it kept the volume down, allowed me to enjoy the romantic ambiance, and the fantastic view from our table. Everyone at our table enjoyed their meals. Nothing was dry, everything was flavorful and savory. To top off our experience our waiter was knowledgeable about the menu, friendly, and extremely attentive. The only part of the evening I did not like was that because we were dining late, and the restaurant and bar closes around 10PM, I felt rushed to leave when we had finished our meal.
Will definitely come back here again for a special occasion.Lovely although very rich scallops on a bed of sliced artichokes and broccoli. The service at the bar was attentive, but I was not a fan of the bread (no substance) even though it looked great! The scallops were a starter but enough for a light dinner. Would visit again, full menu is available at the bar.If you want an amazing view of the city in a great ambience, this is your place. As a Philly local, I bring all my friends from out of town here...for drinks. The food is good, but nothing special. Not a foodie paradise, but you should definitely come here for a drink to see the views.I have eaten here several times during the four years I have lived in Philly, and have had happy hours or cocktail events here as well, as an employee of a company in the building; and I have had wonderful experiences. This is thanks completely to the *servers, bartenders, and kitchen staff*. On Valentine's Day, however, we had a very different experience. I am confident that the servers and kitchen staff were amazing as always, but we never found out. We made our reservation about a month and a half early, to ensure a window seat. OpenTable asked for a credit card when booking--no problem; we provided it. Upon arrival, we were told that, since we did not place a deposit, there was not a table for us. Yes, they could see our reservation in the system, they said; they can see the date on which we placed the reservation, a month and a half prior. However, they claim to have called us (one time) to get a deposit from us, and since they were unsuccessful, they didn't hold us a table (again, they can see our reservation, they knew we were coming).  **No one had ever called to obtain a deposit from us.**  Further, had they needed a deposit, that should have been worked out between OpenTable and R2L--not our problem. OpenTable asked for a credit card and we provided one. Plus, how incredibly rude is it to require a deposit for a table reservation anyway? As a semi-regular at this place I find that greatly offensive. We weren't speaking with hourly-waged youngsters either; we started with a manager and were escalated to "one of the owners". Neither woman made an attempt to be friendly, let alone apologetic or accommodating in any way.  This lady who was "one of the owners" should definitely keep herself exclusively in the back of the house, away from any sort of paying customer.  I have never, as a customer, been treated so poorly or talked to so terribly. And, no, I can assure you, we were not out of line or yelling or making a scene or rude for our part; we just aren't the type. She was plain awful.  Never so much as a shred of an inkling of a hint of an apology or any effort whatsoever.  So, despite all of the rave verbal reviews I have given everyone I know about this place in the past, I will now make sure that everyone we know, meet, work with, or do business with--several of whom work in that building--does not ever drink or dine at R2L.  And, clearly, we will never step foot into the place again either. After leaving, we had an amazing meal with mind-blowing service at DEVON SEAFOOD. Go there instead!The views are great! The food is good, but not worth the price. Our server was fantastic and the drinks were ok as well. Your paying for the views I would go for happy hour instead of dinner.Great spot for a birthday dinner! Try to get a table near the window. Sunset in August is typically around 8pm and the view is amazing. We ordered the lobster Mac and cheese, the duo beef entrée, and salmon. Delicious! For dessert we got the cheesecake which was very unique and not like anything else I have ever seen before. The chef also sent out delicious chocolates and praline treats! I lived it here and I can't wait to come back. Great service too, Antoine knew the menu very well and was highly professional.First experience had a little wait but placers were professional in their job from the person who received the party of five. They went out of their way to make us feel at home and I appreciated that. The food was cooked to our likening and it was enjoyable even the dessert. I would definitely go back again and recommend it to my friends.
Roger1 star experience, 3 star food. Under performing its (considerable) potential. 
We dined at R2L on a Sunday night. Upon arriving in the downstairs lobby we were met by a young hostess(?)/coat-check-girl who directed us to an elevator which would take us up to the restaurant. Unfortunately, she failed to offer to take our coats/scarves/gloves on a bitterly cold night. She seemed more interested in her iPhone than in assisting us, but she did take our coats when we inquired. Now, up the elevator to the restaurant...
We were promptly greeted by a smiling hostess who informed us that our table would be ready shortly and we could wait at the bar. Standard (albeit frustrating and transparent) revenue-boosting move more commonly associated with upscale chains - made more frustrating by the obvious availability of tables. We had hoped, however, to be seated by the window per our numerous (1 online, 2 phone, 1 in-person) requests. We were not seated by the window. In fact, only 4(?) tables in the whole restaurant were window-side, as half of the restaurant was evidently under renovation. An honest maitre d' would have informed me of this during one of my phone calls explicitly requesting a window table.
We waited an awkwardly long amount of time before our server (very awkwardly) greeted us. When we asked for input on our wine selection (we are pretty serious wine drinkers) our waiter froze, stuttered, and simply informed us that he hadn't tried any of the bottles that had interested us. After an awkward pause, he offered to find someone with more knowledge of the wine list. "The sommelier, Yes please!" - we thought, given the size and quality of the wine book. Enter the bartender. The bartender was extremely hospitable and clearly understood the essence of good service. He unfortunately failed to address our specific questions, but he DID allow us to taste several wines that were offered by the glass to assist in our selection. We ended up with an excellent bottle and THIS FACT AND THIS FACT ALONE garnered the restaurant a star for experience.
Food - huge portions, good menu, good execution. Neither avant-garde nor overly safe, I would recommend the food for an "intro to upscale" type of meal. Nothing really outstanding, but thoroughly enjoyable.
Value - you pay for the view. Unfortunately, we didn't get one. We could have had comparable quality food at ground level with much more competent staff/service for less money.
Overall - this place has HUGE potential and a good chef. Unfortunately, they are under performing that potential by a large margin. They need to invest in training the entire front of the house staff (except the bartender!) in basic service protocol, starting with the downstairs hostess and maitre d' but focusing on the waitstaff. They could also stand to better define and better enforce the dress code, as some patrons could compromise the atmosphere with their attire.Restaurant Week Only:
I'm updating my review in support of a friend who made a reservation for 6 during restaurant week at R2L. She was told that there would be an additional $100 charge. I do not think this is fair and defeats the purpose of the deal. Shame on you R2L management. A mandatory tip % for a large party is standard, but $100 on top of a bill is ridiculous!This was definitely one of the best meals and memorable restaurant I have ever been to. Even though we did not go for a special occasion it really felt like it. The drinks are very well made with top shelf liquors. Wine list was great. We got the lobster mac and cheese which comes deconstructed and delicious, not what you expect of mac and cheese. 
entrees: rib eye and salmon. both outstanding. The salmon comes poached but with a crisp outing which makes it perfect. Steak was cooked to perfection. 
The best part- warm vanilla cake dessert. fan freaking tastic. Absolutely completed the meal. 
Will definitely go back for a special occasion, if you want a window seat call to make reservations well in advance.Great view of the city on a romantic night with the beau . If your intent isn't to wine and dine and instead shimmy in your seat with cheap alcohol , this isn't the place for you . The food is good but not great and a bit pricey . Think Small portions and high price !That pork dish is kinda weird looking . Our server was amazing !Awesome views of the city. Very expensive and the food is good. A bit overpriced. It has a nice lounge with great views also. We had our anniversary here and they surprised us with a nice desert plate. Everyone was very friendly.Food is ok..view is amazing..service is attentive. Go for happy hour.The only thing interesting on the menu was the dry aged steak, but the portion offered was too large for one person and made it a waste to get any sides.  So I did not order it.  The fish and shrimp was all farm raised since there was no indication it was wild caught.  I don't even eat that in my own home, so why would I pay for that at what is supposed to be an upscale restaurant.  So instead I ordered the lobster bisque, tuna tartare and flat bread so I would have some variety.  I assumed the lobster and tuna were wild caught and the flatbread was supposed to have truffle in it. The tuna was good but the bisque and flatbread were so over salted, they were unenjoyable. I felt like my head was going to explode as I was walking out and I don't have high blood pressure. My old fashioned was loaded with syrup and I could not even taste the whisky.  I was kind of surprised, because the chef touts himself as so good, so why can't he put appropriate levels of salt in his dishes?  There were also no chunks of lobster in the bisque. As for the atmosphere, the view is great, but we were seated away from the windows despite that we politely asked 3 times to be moved to a window table and there were open tables available.Came here in the middle of the week just to have a drink at the bar - we ended up staying way longer and for dinner as well. Everything was excellent! Our Server, Roger was so attentive and incredibly sweet. We weren't there to celebrate any birthdays but since I had a recent one, we turned the night into a birthday dinner and Roger made everything feel so special! The hostesses were lovely too - i wish i could recall the one girls name. When we wanted to move tables everyone was eager to help and not at all bothered. It really was a great experience - the food and cocktails were also amazing. Great Tuna Tartar and filet!Wanted a rooftop experience with drinks by the bar, but the bar was so crowded had to sit down for dinner. Dinner is great, but be aware they only sit you down if you and your party are going to order dinner, and more. You are not allowed to have appetizers. 
We ordered the salmon and the steak, both expensive but worth it. The steak was so juicy and just fell apart, a knife wasn't even needed. The salmon was cooked to perfection and the sauce that it was glazed in was just right. Ordered the lemon cheesecake which is served in such a beautiful way, not your ordinary slice of cheesecake. The drinks are strong and are made with quality. 
Dress up and treat yourself!My husband and I went here for our first anniversary. He reserved a window spot, which was really great. Bummed the weather didn't turn out, but nonetheless, definitely worth the view. And the food - fantastic! Unfortunately though, because we were guaranteed the $250 minimum for reserving a window table, we felt our service was sub-par. We, ourselves, were more the guarantee for the waiter - guaranteed gratuity...aka 'pay less attention to the sure thing'.
We have/had no problem spending the $250. After all, that's what we came for and paid for; however, 
we just felt other tables were getting WAY more attention than us. For the occasion, we ordered a bottle of champagne to keep us occupied, but then it was about 9:30 before we even got some bread, 10:15 for our appetizers. Mind you, we sat down at 8:20 for our reservation. We weren't in any hurry but when you see other tables around you being checked on frequently, and basically finishing their desserts before you even start your meal, you start to get irritated. We're not fussy people by any means...just wanted a little more (not extra) attention especially considering the occasion. We'll be back for drinks at the bar, but we'll be going somewhere else for the next special occasion.Got to for happy hour. Three stars bc they changed the flatbread- it's now rolled?
Note to chef...flatbread is supposed to be flat.  Please bring back the original presentation, flatbread is flat! Barring this, I enjoy each visit and I look forward to ordering the flatbread, it's my absolute favorite.Great place to bring a girlfriend, the view is pretty spectacular!William Penn would give R2L five thumbs up
Greeted with sparkling wine and a warm smile, I found solace from the city's cold winter night in the hospitality received at my entrance. The manager greeted me with a smile and escorted myself to the private quarters where I would wait for my fellow companions to join me for an evening gallivant over rich foods, and fine drink.  The view 30 stories up was majestic, and gave one the spirit of a dignified patron who took pleasure in the finer things in life. The staff were as sumptuous as the meal and the flavors of five courses sang a symphony atop my pallet. 
Thanks again for the excellent experience, I cant wait to have my next party here. 
Fellow Yelpers, if you have a need for fine libations, an excellent venue and a five star staff, take my word and seek no further. You may thank me laterLet me state that I unequivocally enjoyed my dinner at R2L.  When a restaurant is located on the 37th floor of a building, you pretty much can expect that it will be a bit pricey.
Although my friend and I didn't get to sit at a window, we were still able to look out at the view from our table.  Service was great, our server knew the menu pretty well.
We started with the grilled truffle flatbread and the rabbit nachos.  Both were excellent, but the rabbit nacho was the winner.  I can still remember the taste: the jalapeno mousse added just the right kick of heat, the homemade nachos were crunchy, and the rabbit was killer!  Although I enjoyed the flatbread as well, I thought it had a bit too much arugula on the top.
For entrees, I chose the ribeye with fries which could sound a bit pedestrian.  Those were the BEST damn fries I've had in a long time. My friend had the venison with the licorice sauce, I'm not a big fan of licorice, but the venison was cooked just right.  As I write this review, I'm salivating from the memories of this meal!!
I would return to R2L for another meal, which must include the rabbit nachos.  Yummy...My husband and I dined there last night. We ordered the lobster Mac and cheese to start. It came out cold. Our waitress took it back and didn't return with a hot replacement for another 20 minutes. Unfortunately, it was not worth the wait - the Mac and cheese was underwhelming. Our entrees were mediocre. My chicken dish was a confusing blend of flavors that did not seem to work very well together. My husband ordered the butcher's filet, which was very tender but lacked any real flavor. Our waitress and manager who came to apologize for the cold appetizer were very nice and attentive. I was a bit disappointed that the Mac and cheese was not removed from our final bill. We will not be returning to R2L for another meal. Not because it was a horrible experience but because the food is just not worth the expense. The view is amazing so I would recommend going there for pre-dinner drinks only. My husband said that his Manhattan cocktail was the best he's ever had!Ok so this plave was great there service was awesome are waiters was very nice and on top of us to make sure we were satisfied also they send a couple things for us to try on the house. There food was not bad but also not the best for the prices but it was eatable I had the 20 of steak I'm not a seafood person so I'm not sure if there seafood is any good. And we also had window seat so the view was wonderful. So yes I would give this place a 5 star if the food was a bit better but really everything was goodWe only went for drinks and some fries, so this is not a review of the food - just atmosphere and drinks!
It's a delightful location far above the city and a great place to head for a drink at sunset. It's a very classy place yet a lot of people seemed to be dressed casually. 
The bartender was great - pretty much left us alone but was always there when we needed something. Will definitely return and maybe try the food next!Upscale restaurant with a wonderful view! Make reservations ahead of time and request a window seat. If you're not too hungry, they have a beautiful bar area for happy hour to view the sunset. Wonderful service and delicious food. Definitely try the lobster mac and cheese!This review is based only on R2L's happy hour. Located at the 37th floor of two liberty place, it's a beautiful place to stop by after work for some drinks and snacks. Happy hour is from 430-630, M-F in the lounge and bar area. 
My friend and I arrived around 600 on a Wednesday and the place was pretty empty. We sat down at the lounge and had 2 of their cocktails- Elevation and Sunset Punch. If you're looking for a sweet drink, go for the Sunset punch. I tried had the braised short rib and Skate Sliders. The Braised short ribs were very soft and the skate was moist and fried well. My friend had the Truffle flatbread and enjoyed it paired with the parmesan and arugula.
Overall, a great place to go for happy hour and to see the sunset!I am visiting Philadelphia with 13 friends to attend the Annual Philadelphia Flower Show. Our trip was perfect until tonight. Our reservation was for 6:15. We were seated immediately and marveled at the gorgeous sunset views. Sadly by the time we left FOUR hours later the view was a distant memory replaced with slow service and sub par food.  Restaurants make their money by their liquor sales, right? Well if that's the case they lost money on us. Several times I looked up at the dinner table and there was not a single drop of wine in one wineglass. In four hours I had two glasses of wine. I probably would not have noticed the slow service if my wineglass had been full or at the very least our waiter had asked me if I would like another glass. Go for a cocktail, watch the beautiful sunset, and then go to a restaurant that will feed you and offer you a glass of wine.Perfect place to watch the sunset over Philly. R2L is on the 37th floor with 2 sides of glass windows. There view is on West Philly where you can see the Schuylkill River, Penn/Drexel and University City and beyond. On the south side, you can see the Delaware River and beyond.
We only had drinks there so not much to comment on the quality. The beer was cold and was 5 bucks.
Service: the service was great. The server was very polite, had a smile on her face all the time and always catered to photo requests by the patrons. Well done management and staff.Fantastic views, fantastic food, great service! Went here for brunch and it was truly decadent. Also, it was not very crowded, which was surprising, because the food was so reasonably priced (well, center city prices anyway). I'll definitely be back!Dessert is underwhelming, the chocolate cake didn't even come with ice cream. The filet and risotto apps were good would recommend those.This is going to be long, sorry...
Beautiful views if you have a window seat, other than that you are either facing the restaurant or too low to see the views. We made a reservation a week before so understandably they couldn't seat us at the window but it was a Wednesday night and there were raised/better view booths open the entire time we were there. IMO, seat your reservations at the best possible tables esp for birthdays/anniversaries.
We arrived at 7:27 for a 7:30 reservation. The hostess asked us to sit at the bar while they were getting our table ready. We sat at the bar no problem, great views, cool ice block, views of the sous chefs, lots of things to look at and talk about. Bartenders were attentive and friendly. We each ordered a basic drink. About 7:40 the hostess came over and said our table was ready. I asked should we close out our tab or can we just transfer it? I asked knowing she was probably going to say they will transfer it but I used to be a bartender and did not want to stiff this guy on a tip. She said "leave your drinks here and your waitress will bring them over." We thought, oh how fancy. Thinking they didn't want us walking around with drinks in our hands. Meanwhile we walked by 3-4 people with ripped jeans, white sneakers, some interesting attire.. My husband said "I guess they don't enforce the dress code"
We were seated and waited, and waited, now our drinks are about 15 feet behind us and we have not been greeted by the waitress. Some time goes by and I turned to the look at the bar and saw the bartender going to grab our drinks and then with a confused face looking around the restaurant. So my husband jumped up and grabbed our drinks from the bar before he dumped them out. It was just an odd encounter that really nobody is at fault but we would have happily brought our drinks with us. A few minutes later our waitress comes by and asked us if we want bottled, sparking, or ice water. We opted for the ice water.
We decided to go without appetizers since we ALWAYS fill up on appetizers too quickly. My husband ordered the 20oz Ribeye w/ potatoes and I ordered the Crisp Pork Osso Bucco. We also ordered mac n cheese to share. Both entrees were very good! The mac n cheese was pretty good, not as good as those potatoes, yum!
Here's where we get to 3 stars, the overall service. The waitress came over pretty quickly after the food was dropped off, I think I had taken one bite and asked how everything was, "good" we said. We didn't see her again for a lonnggg time. Well we saw her running by us about 25 times, but she never filled our water or asked if we wanted another cocktail, or if we needed anything at all. Now I am all about not being bothered but just come by and check our water glasses. My husband's glass was bone dry for about 20 minutes and I let him have the rest of mine. I am not one to wave a waitress down... She seemed really busy. We have been to a lot of restaurants (Butcher and Singer, Barclay Prime, Waterworks, Sotto Varalli to name a few) and all those places have a person that goes around and fills water glasses, and clears the table of extra stuff (unused wine glasses, take bread plates, etc). This person didn't exist or they just never came around.
I was just surprised that a few details were overlooked. Am I being picky? Yes, bc I am writing a Yelp review. Am I losing sleep over this place and wishing we didn't spend $165? No. I just want people to know that if you are expecting over the top service you will not get it here. You will get a cool atmosphere and good food. So for me that is worthy of 3 stars. :) 
TL;DR - Must reserve a window booth or you are missing out, expect decent service but not exceptional, food is good but nothing that I can see us craving to have again like my husband and his Delmonico at Butcher and Singer that I never stop hearing about....hahaI love R2L, I've been there for dinner probably 4 times and absolutely loved it.  And, as everyone says, the view can't be beat.   I was there for this past New Years Eve, probably the most romantic place to be!  At midnight not only do you have a fantastic view of the fireworks on the river you also can see the fireworks going off in all the neighborhoods around the city, it was breathtaking.  As far as the food, seriously, I've never had anything I didn't like.  So far I've tried the Truffle Flatbread, a favorite I've loved since Rea. Lobster Mac, the best I've had.  A Seafood Risotto special, yum! Remembering it is making my mouth water.  Also, love the Truffle Risotto and Roasted Beets and Chestnuts. At the New Years Eve Party I couldn't stay away from the Chicken Cheese Steak with Kale and Broccoli Rabe, so decadent but I felt like I was getting my healthy greens too.   To top it all off, the Warm Vanilla Cake dessert is out of this world, a very rich and luscious adult version of a vanilla wafer.  R2L is not for those on a budget or wanting casual dining but It is the perfect restaurant for a special occasion.Awesome upscale restaurants definitely a good place to try if you are downtown. The drinks are on point and the view is amazing.As soon as you walk into this place your greeted by some of the nicest staff! The service here is perfect from the people who greet you when you walk in, to your waiter, the manager, and even the person that delivered our food gave great service! The ambiance is great you over look the city while eating! And the food is AMAZING the salmon is perfect and the warm vanilla cake for dessert is ssooo yummy! I am definitely going back soon!I went here for a birthday dinner, when I called they stated they would put me in for a window table.  No I realize this is what they do "put" you in, your are not guaranteed the table.
The ambiance is very nice, but you don't have to be dressed up as the site says, people were in shorts, tee shirts...ugh....
To top it of I was put next to a table of 6 who were loud, we were moved after I complained.
When you Google 5 star restaurants in Philadelphia, this comes up, I should have gone to Devon...will not go back was not impressed!I had high hopes for this place... been hearing about the view for as long as they have been open... too bad the food was whack.  i had the pork loin with beans and it was bland and the beans where not fully cooked.  highly disapointed as i had hoped that this place would have great food and a great view.  im being generous by giving them two stars. (one for the view and one for the effort) 
**also we made our reservations a month in advance so that we could get window seating in the main room... we ended up sitting in an area in the back of the resaurant which was like sitting in a hotel cafeteria.Went here during Valentine's day weekend. 
The environment was really impressive. The views were gorgeous. The sun was setting as our meal progressed, which elevated the ambiance for me in a strong way. The decor was modern and the place looked impeccably clean and polished.
For appetizer, I got the Lobster and Shrimp. The shrimp was cooked exceptionally well and the cocktail sauce that accompanied the two shrimps was the best I've ever had. The lobster, served cold, was paired with some greens and avocado and was really refreshing and tasty.
For the main course, I ordered the Butcher's filet of beef, medium. When it arrived it was overcooked, one piece was well done. My server brought me another one, cooked "medium rare" this time (since I asked for another cooked slightly less). This time one of the pieces was rare, which was fine since I gave it to my girlfriend. I understand the cuts of meat were hard to cook evenly due to the shape, but I expected more consistency.
For dessert, I had the warm vanilla cake. It was filled with caramel and was simply decadent. My girlfriend got the Peruvian chocolate mousse, and said she wished she had gotten the vanilla cake.
We ordered a bottle Arbios , a cab sauv, it had an easier finish than a traditional cab and was slightly more mellow. I really enjoyed it.A great view and classy urban buzz have helped make R2L into a popular "in" destination. For our party of four -- two newcomers (us) and a pair of regulars -- we negotiated a window seat on the "short" side aimed away from nearby intruding skyscrapers. All loved the feast for the eyes.
Service, from a cast of several helpful folks, was outstanding -- almost to the point of swarming -- and we had no trouble parking in the building's indoor garage ($10 if you get your ticket validated when you leave R2L, $16 otherwise). Whether this is the norm, or whether it helped to arrive early (5:30) and be with a couple of regulars, who knows. But we were treated very, very well.
Food is pretty decent for an eatery atop the city. The market salad app, "prepared simply" venison loin, and apple pie dessert were all quite good if unremarkable offerings. The lobster macaroni and cheese app was almost as agreeable. On the other hand, raw oysters with caviar were disappointing, and the "composed plate" pork ribeye sounded great on paper but in reality was marginal to the point I had a hard time finishing it. (It was ordered medium rare, but medium might have worked better.)
For two, with tip, tax, coffee, bottled water and three glasses of basic wine, the tab came to $275. To put this into perspective, we get better fare at our local Villa Nuova eatery in the burbs for 20% of this, albeit with average service and without the twinkling lights of Philadelphia.
So R2L is entertainment, not a foodie experience. If you wish to relax with a splendid view of our fair city, by all means go to savor the view and service. Just choose your dishes judiciously.
Seating Tip: Window seats are assigned based on when you made your reservation. If this is important to you, and it should be, reserve as early as possible and specify a window seat.While traveling on business to Philly we visited R2L. The view was spectacular but the decor was bizzare. Who cares though, when you have a steak like the 28-Day Dry Aged 20 oz. Bone-In Ribeye with steak fries, maitake mushroom, black garlic + bearnaise sauce. We ordered the lobster mac side. This dish was lovely and well worth the price tag. Tasty! WOuld highly recommend.Had a business dinner here with a vendor. Beautiful restaurant with equally beautiful views. Our server was amazing, attentive, prompt, and helpful. The food is not better than the view, but the ambiance makes you think it is. My meal was a tenderloin veal pasta and my companion had the pork chops. She loved it and mine was decent. The best thing we had was the little after dinner pastries they give because 1) they are super cute and 2) they are just the right bite size.Finally got around to eating here. Had been a huge fan of Daniel Stern at his Queen Village place (now closed) but had heard mixed things about R2L. Pleased to say I found it to be truly excellent. Shared an array of appetizers - all excellent: lobster Mac and cheese, steak tartare, mussels, truffle flatbread. My entree was the short rib, which was delicious. Plus, of course the unmatched view and a fine wine list. Will definitely be back!I went here for drinks with a friend on a weekend night. The bar area was way too small for the amount of people. Because of the amazing view from the room and the classy atmosphere, I can see this as being a very popular place for drinks. However, like I said they need more room. 
The drinks themselves were pretty good, but the service was not. We were able to snatch a high table near the bar, but had a lot of trouble getting a waiter to take our order. 
This place has so much potential, and the view is amazing, but they need to expand.View is amazing, but service... Bartender is a D!CK! After racking up a bill well over $300 in drinks with friends and giving a generous tip, we requested a couple of glasses of water. This was around 1:54am before closing. Bartender refused to give us any! He then said he did not have any water left for us. We thought he was joking, but was quite serious. We requested again and once again he denied us the request. Francis (a genuinely courteous black gentleman; also bartender) over heard this comment and immediately stepped in and gave us all glasses of water. The tall white guy with crew cut, complete d!ck. He also refused to give us shots when we arrived (around midnight) because they "are not that kind of establishment." We were celebrating my friends MBA graduation from Wharton for crying out loud. A celebration shot is normal. Great venue, but that 1 bartender left a sour experience for all of us. So much so, that we all woke up talking about the bad experience today.Views are cool but inside the establishment is dated and unnecessarily stuffy with staff wearing suits and ties, etc. Menu is limited and overpriced for what you get. Taste of food was ok, drinks great. You're paying for the views I suppose.I recently made reservations for a night out with a friend. I haven't stopped raving since! As R2L is on the 37th floor, our table gave us the absolute most breathtaking view of the city. The drinks were awesome, the food was phenomenal and the service was beyond outstanding. 
The atmosphere was chic, and the attentiveness of the staff was seriously refreshing. A girls night out dinner like that left me feeling completely satisfied and so, so full. I'd recommend it to just about anyone.The location of the place was a little hard to find since we were dining for the first time. Arriving there, the staff was friendly and inviting. We made a note on the reservation that there was a birthday and we were seated in a window booth with an outstanding view of the city and sunset. Our server was very informing, courteous, and made our first experience delightful. It is a higher end restaurant so be prepared to spend some cash, but it is perfect for special occasion.R2L is a beautiful restaurant/bar with breathtaking views and a nice bar and good service. The food was mixed, in my opinion. I stuck to several vegetarian options on the menu (as opposed to "special vegetarian options" that are not advertised on the menu). The bread is delicious but I found the dishes to be far too salty and one of the dishes to have an absolutely excessive amount of cheese, in addition to being salty. It did not taste bad, but it is just not humanly possible to eat that much cheese without becoming ill. What could have been a tasty, relatively hearty meal turned into something sloppy.Asked someone on a street if they knew of a rooftop bar and they sent us here. We loved it! Got a seat at the bar right away and ordered drinks immediately. We ended up ordering dessert and WOW! The warm vanilla cake was to die for. An absolute must.You pay for the views but have to pay extra to sit near a window. Service was terrible. Took us an hour and a half to get our food. Waiter was awkward and inattentive. Food was mediocre and over priced.I've only had the pleasure of having dinner here once, but I must say it was one of the best meals I've ever had.
This place is definitely fancy/upscale, so please don't show up in jeans and a t-shirt. While the atmosphere is classy, the food prices are not unreasonable, and they change the menu from time to time so you get to have some variety if you go multiple times. 
Our meal was fantastic, though I cannot remember the names of everything that well now. In particular, for my dinner I got the chicken which came with a side of brussel sprouts, rice, and some potatoes. Every item on that dish was cooked perfectly, and I'm not ashamed to admit I finished every single thing!
What sets R2L apart from most other upscale restaurants though (at least in Philly) is the amazing views you get to appreciate while dining. R2L is on like the 40th floor of one of the Liberty Place Towers, and at night you get to dine while taking in Center City! I definitely recommend coming here for special occasions or if you really want to impress a date!The only real draw of this place is the views. Located on the 37th floor of Liberty 2, you have basically a 180d view of Philadelphia, which is pretty sweet! I would recommend going at sunset. 
However, the service and honestly everything else was sub-par. Even the decorations made it seem like the whole place was trying to be a lot fancier than it was. The food and drinks were just meh and the happy hour deals weren't that discounted. The staff, like the ambiance and decor, seemed to be trying too hard to be fancy and upscale. 
I wasn't that impressed and probably wouldn't go back.Our dinner experience last night was mediocre at best.  The menu options including the wine menu were very limited for what seemingly should have been a great fine dining experience.  I ordered the 28 day aged ribeye.   It was extraordinarily salty....so much so that I had to stop eating it.  The waiters description of the potatoes accompanying the ribeye sounded very good.....layered potatoes and short ribs.  When it arrived it was a thinly sliced baked potato with a whole short rib on the plate next to the short rib.   Presentation of the dish was lackluster.   My bone in rib eye was cut from the bone and stacked in two pieces end on end. My wife ordered off the restaurant week menu....reasonably priced for 3 courses.  However her 3 courses were all disappointing.  The soup seemed dull and thrown together.  The main cod fish entree was ok.  The desert - a vanilla cake - was so hard and tasteless it could have been used as a hockey puck.  Overall this was a $400 waste of money.   My advice - go for a drink at the overpriced bar - enjoy the view and go eat dinner somewhere else.Horrible service. We made a reservation on Yelp and called to confirm our reservation. Upon arrival, we were informed that our table have been given away. The explanation was that they had only 15 minutes per table before they rotated. We asked why they hadn't told us when we called to say we were running late. They flatly replied that it was the policy. We eye 15 minutes late. Birthday ruined!Just finished eating@R2L for restaurant week.  This was one of the best restaurant week dining experiences I have had.  Three of my girl friends and I wanted a girls night out to celebrate life and enjoy catchup up with a good meal.  We had a reservation@6pm.  I requested a window seat, but knew it would be difficult without a three month reservation.  To our pleasant surprise my request was honored and we were seated at an awesome location over looking Philly as she sparkled like a city of gold. Service was spot on.  Our server (Jonathan) was very approachable and gave us recommendations for the drink menu as well as the dinner menu. He was patient and didn't rush us to make decisions even though it was a busy night for restaurant week.   I got the Old Cuban which was described as  a "mojito in a tuxedo". Def not the best cocktail I had.  I will def try something else next time I go.
Now to the menu. Everything we had tasted delicious.  For appetizers, my two friends had the mushroom barley soup. It was delicious, but a little tart from the red wine.  I had the smoked salmon appetizers and my other friend had the salad.  The presentation of the salmon was right on! I asked if the salmon was smoked in house and the waiter said yes, which sold me. The salad look amazing as well and my friend described the steak as good chewy bacon, but the Salmon was the winner.
For the entrees, we all had the filet and short rib duo.  The meat melted as it hit the fork.  No knife needed. The sauce that came with it was a perfect marriage with the baked and crispy potatoes.  Def way too much food as none of us could finish our plates.
Last came the dessert.  My two friends has the French toast with pear dessert.  It was decent, but nothing really exciting about it.  I had the coconut parfait.  There was tapioca topped with pineapple, a meringue, a short bread cookie, a french macaroon type cookie, and some kind of coconut sugar cookie.  It was delicious and very refreshing. My other friend had the milk chocolate hazelnut crunch bar.  That was such a delicious desert that was rich and light all at the same time.  We all sampled this dessert and wished we ordered it instead. The whole piece may have been too much for me, so I am happy with the coconut parfait, but a few bits of this dessert  was enough for us all to want to back and sample the regular menu in the future. 
Last came the lattes, which were very well done. 
Def a night to remember with a wonderful wait staff, an awesome view, great company, and a delicious meal.  Can't wait to go back again!!The food was excellent and the waitress was very knowledgeable about the wine list. The view on a rainy night was still great and we enjoyed our experience. Make reservations well in advance.Not sure what the negative reviews are about. The ambiance and view are amazing, service is fantastic and food is delicious!Had a great meal tonight at this establishment. We started with the potato skins which were amazing! I then had the veal tortellini which was very good. My only complaint was for 36 dollars they did not give you very much. My boyfriend enjoyed his meal as well and we would definetly return!I'm so disappointed. It's supposed to be special for our 20th anniversary. I made a reservation for 8:15 and we arrived at 7:45. We did not get to our table until 8:45 and nobody offered any apology. We'll never make this mistake again. Texas Roadhouse is much better.I went here for my graduation dinner with my family (table of 16) back in June. Food and service was great! The view was amazing and I got the best photos. 
I would come back again!I only came here for drinks while walking around the city on a nice Friday night, but the ambiance was amazing.  Great city views, fancy crowd, great cocktails and more.  I am only rating 3 stars for now since I did not try the food, however would definitely go back.  Would be perfect for a romantic dinner, or a private party in the back room.  Drinks were quite pricey though.Ok...So conceptually this place has the trappings to blow away "19".  The crowd, the view, the layout cries out cool.  Settle down at the bar to flow into the vibe and you get swept away by a waft of stench that can only be likened to driving behind a dump truck in the heat of the summer.  Apparently, the vent from the open air kitchen runs under the bar, so as the kitchen gets cleaned throughout the night, the stench saturates the bar area.  Needless to say, it kills the mood.  Yet, the people here value the cool over the stinky breeze.It can be intimidating when first arriving but don't let that stop you. Coat check and initial entrance are on the first floor. You walk down a corridor to the elevator and ride all the way to the top floor of the building. It's low lighting so pictures might be hard but it's a super trendy and hip atmosphere. More on the lounge side. Lighting is probably to make it seem more intimate. 
The view! Omg, the view of Philadelphia is amazing and totally worth it! 
The food is absolutely fantastic. Very pricey but totally worth it. 
I had the spare ribs with roasted carrots and potatoes. My husband had the tuna with a poached egg and a delicious clam sauce. We shared fries dipped first in the mayo sauce and then dipped in house steak sauce. Delicious! We cleaned our entire plates! I'd like to note that the ribs are first braised which makes them tender and slow cooked and then they are grilled. Grilling helps hold the meat together. From a culinary aspect, the texture is easier to cut and hold together on a fork which makes eating much easier. Just braised would be delicious but fall apart which means you'd need a spoon rather than a fork to pick it up. 
Dessert we ordered the toasted cinnamon crunch. My husband had to have it because of the Krispy Kreme donuts used to make the ice cream. It was accompanied by some crunchy cinnamon brioche bits, toasted hazelnuts, and some sort of cinnamon whipped dollops.  Overall, delicious. Very sweet. 
I was disappointed there wasn't a single chocolate dessert option other than a chocolate sorbet. 
We loved every minute, ate every bite! Soooooo delicious. For all that  our bill was just under $90. Again, pricey but worth it since this was our special dinner while visiting Philly. 
Attire: men were in suits and jackets. The ladies were in pants, dresses, and heels. You can totally wear jeans as I did but I would recommend classing it up with heels or dress shoes.PEOPLE: CHECK YOUR BILL!!!! I guess mistakes can happen. But coincidentally it happened twice.  We were overcharged by $20.00. It my first visit to R2L.  But my son and his girlfriend had been there before.  And surprise, surprise, not only were they 
charged $40 for champagne that they did not order, but the employee actually insinuated that perhaps they just forgot that they ordered/drank champagne. To make matters worse, I had a gift card worth $75.00.  The waitress told me my card was declined.  Was I sure I hadn't used it before.  No I said, this is my first time here.  (It will be my last). The waitress informs me they have been having problems with the gift cards.  The manager gets involved.  Can I give him the name of the person who gave me the card.  Yes I can.  Do I have a receipt? No, it was a gift from my future son-in-law and he is currently deployed to Qatar.  Manager tells me not to worry, I comped you the $75.00.  WTF.  You comped me??? That's funny since the gift giver paid his hard earned money for said card. No, I will not return. Upscale??? I think not. Overpriced Scammers is more like it.Dined here during Restaurant Week last night and it was exactly as I expected. We arrived a few minutes before our reservation at 9:30. The hostess directed us to the bar while our table was being set-up. We all ordered drinks and then headed to the table. Not a bad wait, but a little longer than I thought it would be for such a late reservation. Our table was in a second dining room in the back, still lined with windows thankfully. We were fortunate enough to have a table with a view, which I highly recommend requesting. Our waiter was very nice and suggested we start with the Mac and cheese.... He knew me to well. But we declined, since we were ordering 3 courses already as it was. The waiter brought us some bread to start, which oddly enough tasted like an everything bagel. For appetizer I went with the seared tuna, which was perfectly cooked and tasty, but very small. Another friend enjoyed her winter squash soup, vegetarian. For entree, the majority of the table ordered the filet and short-ribs. Again, it was another small portion and nothing exciting. One dish was actually missing short-ribs, but the waiter did apologize and brought them out on a separate dish. Our vegetarian friend ordered the leak risotto, which I tasted and liked more than the beef. During our dinner we requested more bread, but it was never delivered. For dessert I had to go with the banana dish, my favorite fruit. It was alright, again, nothing special. This place is definitely better for just fancy cocktails and a great view, if you're willing to shell out some cash. I would probably only come back if I could make it for SIPS.The food here is amazing--everything was absolutely perfect. Obviously the view was fantastic and it was a clear night. Our waiter was very knowledgeable and able to explain everything on the menu while not being overtly salesy. I liked him a lot. The bartender also was very friendly and knowledgeable; we liked her a lot too.
I had four courses: the cheese tasting plate at the bar while waiting, the tuna tartar (awesome), the salmon frites (awesome), and the pear almond tart (awesome). I don't think I needed the dessert, but the boyfriend insisted. He, on the other hand ordered the lobster bisque, pork porterhouse, and vanilla ice cream. I'm not really a pork person, but I did try a piece, and I thought it was good. He was happy with his meal.
That week, they were also trying out a new type of bread, an herbed bread, which is amazing. I hope they stick with it. The pastry chef is (all the chefs are) superb.
When we save up enough money again (haha), we will definitely return for special occasions.
Keep up the good work!came here for a corporate dinner, great view and impeccable service, however, the food is mediocre. I had the filet mignon, nothing special. come here to hangout for the view and get a drink, but not for the food.In a addition to having the best views in the city, the food was amazing. The truffled flatbread was delectable and the lobster bisque was rich and creamy, so delicious. I had the steelhead trout for dinner and it was nothing short of amazing. The trout was cooked perfectly and the peas and short rib dumplings and pea puree sauce made it quite a creative dish.Had a wonderful meal here with my fiancé during restaurant week. We arrived a few minutes before our reservation and had a drink at the bar before being taken to our table. Though I only made the reservation a few days ago I figured I would at least ask for a window seat, but no go. They were very accommodating however by seating us in the booth that we requested as opposed to a table intended for us. All of the staff were super friendly and polite from hostess to bartender to server. The sunset was everything you hear about and our 8pm reservation was perfect timing to catch it. Courses were brought out in a very timely fashion- not at all rushed but exactly when they needed to arrive. Everything was delicious. Great night.This place is neat with a great view.
My wife told me about this neat restaurant on the 37th floor of Two Liberty Place. R2L has great atmosphere and what a view! The food was good, especially the beef tartare. My wife had a cosmo, which was good. I had a strange drink called the the Storm Warning. I'm not a big liquor fan, but I felt adventurous. I was pleasantly surprise that it wasn't all that bad. It was definitely strange (it had artichoke liquor in it). 
I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.Came here for my wife's birthday mainly for the views, which were absolutely incredible! To be honest I had heard that the food here wasn't great but I didn't mind because I was going for the atmosphere...
HOWEVER - The food was five star quality, really really good. That's coming from somebody who enjoys quality food. A+This is a restaurant this serious about their service, food, and the presentation.  R2L is located on the 37th floor which provides you with a beautiful view of Philly.  It is a lounge and restaurant so it is a perfect spot for the weekend or late night evening.  The overall ambiance for this spot is great for a girls night out, celebrating a special occasion, or just grabbing a drink.
I have been told in order to get a seat near the window you should make a reservation a month or more in advance.  YUP, IT IS THAT SERIOUS!  They have seasonal menu so it is great that each time you go you can really try something new.To be fair, the view here is amazing. That might be the best part about this place. Like I've heard, this spot is great for a first date. Anything other than that makes this place so so. The drinks are expensive, and more so than necessary (an average $12-15 for classic drinks). The service was slow and it took me close to 15 minutes to get my first cocktail and another 15 to flag down a bartender for a glass of water. The bartenders were brisk and cold, but maybe that's because I came alone. All in all, I'd like to like this place but I don't see if being possible. A one time visit is worth it. A second time? Save it for the ground floor.This is an awesome place and a must see for visitors to Philly. If the opportunity presents itself, i always take guests here. They have a rotating cocktail menu with fresh ingredients and top shelf cordials. Excellent wine selection...this place has the best view of Philadelphia!My wife & I made a reservation for a window seating at 7 pm. We arrived right at 7 and was told we would have to wait but to help ourselves to kick off the evening at the bar. Our bartender was very negligible and polite. I order the old Cuban which was strong. We finally got seated after being at the bar for about 30 minutes. The menu is short and to the point. The food is definitely over priced due to the portions they give you. I would go back for drinks, but that is it.Price is worth it for the view if you get a good table. Lobster Mac and cheese was amazing and it was a great place for a dinner with girlfriends. I can definitely see a romantic anniversary being celebrated there, as well. 
Recap: Food was good and so were drinks, service was amazing and it had a 5 star atmosphere.Service was excellent. Our waitress and the manager took care of my beautiful dates issue with the heavy lentil broth in the seafood stew with no questions asked.
The drinks were fantastic and I may come back just for a couple of them.
Get the lobster Mac and cheese it's as good as the pictures show.
I ordered the duck off of the restaurant week menu and it was unreal. Go get it. You will not be disappointed.Somehow I never come here for a full dinner, just for a drink and apps.  The bar area is pretty large for a Center City restaurant of this level of fancy, especially if you count the lounge area by the windows.  The bar menu is rather limited.  I usually stick with a glass of wine, but the cocktails are also mixed well.  Last two times I've been to R2L, I got the lobster mac & cheese.  Delicious, though the portion size and lobster-mac&cheese ratio seem variable, with the second time being a larger and more lobstery than the first.  I hope that's a permenant change!  All in all, a great place for a fancy before-dinner drink.  I'll have to stay for dinner next time.Came to have a drink before an event! Great little lounge area, attentive staff and reasonable prices.. would've loved to see the view but it was very foggy! Would Love to go back for dinner!My boyfriend and I had an amazing experience here during CCD Restaurant Week. I'd give 5 stars for the atmosphere alone, but the food and service solidified my rating. I had the salmon frites and he had the beef medallions from the restaurant week menu. The presentation on the desserts was fabulous as well! Definitely want to make a habit of enjoying the views at the bar during happy hour.My fiancé and I went here on St Patrick's Day trying to avoid the crowds and manage a more romantic night together on my birthday weekend. We sat at the bar and had a wonderful experience. We ordered the trio, the tossed salad, and the truffle flatbread- all three dishes were unique and delicious. The bartender was excellent, very down to earth and so nice. The desserts were amazing, we ordered the warm vanilla cake and the pineapple ice, AMAZING. The ambiance is just amazing, the open kitchen is wonderful. We even met the chef, and he was great! All around loved this restaurant and it definitely made our trip to Philly special.We enjoyed our entire experience.  The view is killer, i mean the best in Philly, and request a window table, as there are only a few.  The food and service did measure up on the two occassions I dined.  The kitchen is clearly talented and executes the menu very well.  Wines are a bit pricey, but hey this is Center City.  Go, even to just have drinks at the bar.This place is just not worth your money. The place had an incredible ambiance but a crammed single elevator full of people for 37 stories is just awkward before/right after dinner. However, The restaurant does have a nice view as a result of being this high up. I had the lobster and she had the chicken, food was decent. The wine list is clearly just overpriced cheap wine. I ordered a bottle of Pinot Grigio that was around 60 dollars if I recall and it was served in a twist off container wine bottle. Classy!  The waiter or kitchen definitely messed up our order. Saw three couples/tables get their meal to completion, I'm talking wine to dessert before my date and I got our entree. We sat down at 7:45 for an 8:00 reservation and did not receive food until 9:15. They did offer an appetizer on the house, but made us late for plans in the evening and free appetizer did not come until about 9:00. I also mentioned to the waiter that it was my date's birthday and he said I'll see what I can do. I saw three other birthdays happening around us, each got a brownie with a birthday candle and a happy birthday from the same waiter. When we were finally finished waiting for dinner for so long I'd figure she would get a nice birthday desert too. Nope, he just showed us the dessert menu. Totally forgot I even asked. The place got rather loud after 9pm too as we were sitting not too far from the bar with drunk birthday parties screaming and singing at the top of their lungs. Avoid this place, your money is better spent elsewhere.Good view, mediocre food
Our waiter was a newbie but nice enough
Next time, will go for the bar and skip the dinnerI went here based on a lot of the hype surrounding the place.  In some ways it didn't disappoint BUT in ways that I feel really mater it did!
What I really liked about the place was the fact that it was located on the 37th Floor and had great views of the city and surrounding areas.  You really did feel like you were in NYC as another reviewer posted. 
I loved how you checked the coat downstairs and took the private elevator to the restaurant.  We were immediately greated by a very pleasant hostess.  The bar is as others described, it was very hopping and for a Friday Happy Hour it was a great crowd. 
Our waiter came over to our table pretty quickly and he was nice BUT call it a pet peeve, he took our water order but never asked if we wanted a cocktail.  Okay...so it's FRIDAY and 6pm what's the first thing on your mind...get me a drink!  So he failed here!
We proceeded to order a 'snack' or appetizer which we asked to br brought out first, my partner ordered a salad and I ordered the soup and we each ordered our entree.  You probably guessed it already but just in case you didn't, they brought out our app and salad/soup at the same time.  They also brought the bread out at the same time as well...we felt like in 10 seconds were were bombarded from all sides!
The snack we ordered was the Rabbit Nachos...I thought they were great.  A little salty but great!  I never had rabbit before but after having this snack, I don't think I'd be afraid to order it again.
I got the onion soup and I loved the portion (not too much) but man was it super sweet...a little overwhelming actually.  I was hungry though so I did eat it all.  My partner ordered the caesar salad, I think, but he was unable to finish it though because it was way too salty.
Next I had the ribeye and when I say I make a more flavoful ribeye, I make a more flavorful ribeye.  It was a huge disappointment in my opinion.  My partner had the short ribs which were really good, they melted in your mouth.
So overall, I would totally go here for the bar especially for happy hour and probably order some apps.  For a dinner, I can think of a lot of other places to go that are twice as good for a 1/3 of the price.My wife & I visited for our 1 year wedding anniversary. It was amazing! The view, the food and the service! If you go, request "Vivi" to be your waitress...she made the experience second to none. She walled us through the menu and by the time she was done, we ordered Salad, Gnocchi, Lobster Mac n Cheese, Butchers Filet, Potato Skins and Chicken Picnic. We took pictures with the city as our backdrop and watched as day turned to night in Philadelphia. If you can, pay extra for the window seat. They even allowed us to bring a special bottle of wine for a small uncorking fee. The bar and lounge area was also very nice and most likely a place we will visit again. A+++Went here for the first time finally after saying I wanted to go for years and seeinf the greqt reviews. I was very happy. The food was amazing. Got Salman and these potato things. Both were great. I am.picky amout fish, b7t it was cooked just right. Sometimes more expensive resturants have very small portions, but I thought the salmon was a nice - sized piece
My only complaint was that the server forgot my friend's side. We reminded him and he was very apologetic, but by the time it came out, we were pretty much done our main dish. 
I wish we had made reservations more in advance so we could have had a window, but there are pretty good views from anywhere.
Oh, I got a appletini  and damn it was strong! I didn't mind as much it was a bit expensive because they definitely don't skimp.I surprised my wife by making a reservation at this restaurant to celebrate our 1st Anniversary, (10/19/15). The last time we dined at this restaurant was back in 2011. Back then the view was amazing, the food was expensive but the taste of the food did not live up to the price. Back then you definitely paid for the view. 
Well, I am very happy to that R2L have stepped up their game. The view is still amazing, (I made the reservations 6 weeks in advance to get a table next to the window). The place is still expensive but this time the food was AMAZING! My wife and I both ordered the veal dish. She ordered mac & cheese and I ordered lobster mac & cheese as order side dishes. That was the best veal dish I've ever had. Plus the food arrived faster than expected. Our desert, (vanilla cake & pumpkin french toast) were also delicious. They even gave us an additional desert piece with Happy Anniversary written on the plate. 
I would definitely recommend this restaurant.Came here for a dinner as part of an event recently. When I first got here, I was really impressed by the view of the city. Located high up in one of the tallest buildings in the city, the view from the ceiling high windows were amazing. However, that's where good things end here. The food, while decent, was far more expensive than what it was worth.  The presentation could have been done better, and the desserts looked a lot better than they tasted. I'd recommend coming here maybe for a drink to enjoy the view, but would skip on an actual meal here.Not coming back! Bartender was manhandling (barehanded) the olives for my dirty martini right in front of me, and there were red pepper flakes (???) in my boyfriend's dirty martini, as though the glass was dirty. No, thanks. Skipped out on ordering food, and decided to skip out on this place altogether in the future. I have tried this place many times before for the view, but the service just consistently falls short. Once you mess with the cleanliness of food prep and sprinkle that with mediocre service, you are left with nothing more than a view and something to hype up on instagram. Save your money; take the $5 trip to the top of city hall for the view and go elsewhere for a properly made cocktail.My gf and I came here for an end of the year celebration. With such an amazing ambiance, such a beautiful view, and  premium pricing, I had very high expectations.  On a Saturday night (busiest night of the week) we ordered lobster mac&cheese and lobster bisque soup to start. To our surprise, they said they are out of lobster. What???? So i ordered mac&cheese (no lobster) and a chilled sea food platter. My girl ordered pork dish.
The sea food combo consisted of scallops which tasted like a seafood salad at a super market, seasoned shrimp which were just ok, a few oysters were pretty good, chilled salmon which wasnt very good (also tasted like a super market seafood salad). This dish was very unimpressive for a cost of $45.  My girl's pork dish didnt taste good and was way too salty. 
Our drinks were both pretty good. Glad we had something positive. 
My conclusion here is restaurant that would be fun for happy hour for drinks and an amazing view.  The entrées were definitely not worth it and for a place this fancy it was disappointing. If this restaurant was on the first floor like any other fancy steak house or sea food place, it wouldnt survive very long.  I could of went somewhere else for the $200 I spent last night.Great view, amazingly done dishes.
But then there are drawbacks.  Portions are just too small for many things.  French onion in a cup not much bigger than a shot glass, give me a break.  Lounge and the restaurant are too intertwined, maybe this is the special appeal, but it got just too loud for too long at one point of time.  Wine list is plainly strange, its priced exponentially and they ran out of Haut-Medoc by the time we got seated :-(. 
The biggest drawback in my opinion was the waiting staff.  For one they did not know the menu 100% percent, second they did not pay attention to the table, leaving scores of dirty glasses and dishes on table as more stuff arrived (there were six of us), and while there we have seen too many trays dropped around the restaurant.  
Last draw was a glass of water falling on top of wine glasses sitting atop our table.  We could be easily reseated to a table right next to us as we were done eating and were waiting for some coffee before calling it quits.  But the staff had a slow and not so efficient process of clearing the glass shards from all around and missing some right on the table.  I am curious what they would do if this happened when our main course was on the table.
All in all, great view, wonderfully prepared dishes, but too much of a lounge.It's... okay.  
I tried it at lunch, and ordered the market salad.  This salad was designed to be looked at, but not eaten.  It was served on a very narrow, rectangular plate that was piled to the edges with finely chopped lettuce and tiny circles of radish.  It was not possible to eat this dish and feel polished at the same time. I felt like I was playing 'don't drop the salad'.
I followed that up with a cheesesteak which was reasonably portioned (about half of a traditional philly sandwich), and executed decently.  It wasn't as good as a Steak Milano from John's, but it was fine.
If R2L was on the 1st floor instead of the 37th, they'd be out of business.  As it stands, it's an "okay" restaurant that's saved by the view.SLAM DUNK place! Thank god we went there for a work releated event because there is no way I could afford R2L!
Talk about amazing food, drink, and atmosphere. it is on the top floor (37th floor) of a very tall building and at night you can see all of the Phialdelphia skyline. All around you is glass so you can see outside. Absolutely stunning and breathtaking. 
Food and service are impeachable! Food was so flavorful and delicious. Our server was so attentive, caring, and very knowledgeable of the menu. Cocktails were great as well.
it is pricy so make sure you have your wallet open and ready to spend.There are some pretty lackluster reviews of this restaurant, but I had a great night here with friends for my birthday dinner. We went for restaurant week, so we were able to enjoy the 3-course meal for $35 each. Not to mention the view - you have an unrivaled view of the city, especially at night when all the buildings are lit up. It's edgy and trendy, with modern-looking sculptures positioned strategically around the room. 
Fair warning - the wine markup here is ridiculous. We ordered a $50 bottle of champagne that would have cost us $15 at the liquor store. The cocktails were good, however - I had a Pimm's Cup, and I thoroughly enjoyed the fruit that was perched on top of the glass. My friend had the Skinny Girl Tangerine Martini, which had orange zest inside. 
I had the foie gras mousse, which left something to be desired. It was a little too heavy for my taste. The short ribs, however, were fantastic. The meat was unbelievably flavorful and tender, and the chunks practically melted in my mouth. This was followed by dessert, which was buttermilk panna cotta. The server was nice enough to bring out a birthday treat, which was donut ice cream with a cute little candle on the plate.I was not as impressed as I thought I would be and I will not be returning. They really need more consistency with enforcing the "dress code." The lobster mac n cheese was just OK people..it was very pricey. The best part was sitting by the window for the view.We were promptly seated at the south west corner of the restaurant with a fabulous view of the University City area. We also caught some amazing glimpses of South Philadelphia. Any window seat at night is bound to give you a spectacular view! 
When we arrived, it was busy, but not overly crowded and noisy. If anything, me and my dining companions were the noisiest in the entire place - that is until the food arrived at the table!!! As long as there was food on our table, we were silent. The food was just superb, out of this world, just simply fantastic! Our portions were just enough to satisfy our cravings. Chef Stern's restaurant week menu was fabulous - featuring food that remained true to his regular menu but just did not cost as much. We got a true representation of the amazing food R2L had to offer. 
 Our meat entrees were melt in your mouth tender and the risotto offered on the restaurant week menu was the PERFECT! it was creamy, and still retaining the fabulous texture of the rice. We also each had tuna tartare as well as a truffle flatbread for the table - They were out of this world as well.
And let's not forget dessert - Simply amazing. 
I have visited over 30 restaurants for restaurant week over the past several years. I can honestly say this is one restaurant that I would visit again - even if it cost me $200 a person! I certainly encourage you to visit R2L - restaurant week or not!Came with my husband to celebrate our wedding anniversary.  Luckily, we were able to get a window seat without the deposit and the view was great; the sunset was beautiful.  Service was great! For appetizers, we got the flat bread, which was delicious. Dinner, I got the one of the summer specials...Sea Bass. It was good, nothing special. My husband got the Tuna which was very good.  Portions are small, but enough & we didn't expect more for a city restaurant. Drinks were decent, but the large single chunk of ice taking up more than half the 8 oz glass made me laugh for the $16 it cost.  Dessert was very good.  
Atmosphere was ok, but once the sun set, it became a dark dungeon.  It's not a very romantic place, as it is very loud with conversations carrying through the air.  I did like how music was playing, but the table behind us was a big group of 8, mostly men.  We weren't with our kids, so I wasn't really offended...but to hear loud talks filled with cursing & bellowing laughter in a "fine restaurant" isn't where I'd expect it.   Parking is validated, as stated on their website, unfortunately, it's only a $4 discount.  On that Wednesday night, we paid $15 to park less than 2 hours.   However, we loved how easy parking because that's half the battle when eating out.  If this place didn't have the view, this restaurant is nothing great. I might come again to just sit at the bar for happy hour.I really liked this restaurant. 
I went there with some friends simply for an after-dinner dessert. And the desserts there were simply amazing! The warm Vanilla cake, the chocolate cream cake, they were really delicious. Plus the view from the restaurant was very nice in the night. 
It's really worth the visit!My boyfriend and I came here on Friday night for dinner and it was definitely worth the 5 stars.y boyfriend is tough to please and really does not give out 5 stars ever but he kept saying how delicious everything was and had this satisfied smirk on his face the whole meal. Everything down to our drinks were great and you could tell time was was taken to prepare everything. The guinea hen nachos were mouth watering and the lobster Mac and cheese was so creamy and rich. My boyfriend had a pork dish and I had the tuna and they were mouth watering. My plate was clean and so was his and it was because I could not get enough. Had to finish the night with some ice cream and their homemade icecream hit the spot. I have a new love for anything ginger so thank you R2L. Not to mention our view was incredible, we were seated at an intimate table for 2 with a view of the twinkly lights of the city.Went here for Restaurant Week and had an amazing experience. Ended up snagging a seat right next to the window overlooking the western part of the city. Let's be honest, the views are the whole reason people go here right? But I think the only reason we were fortunate enough to get a window seat is because we arrived here as soon as they opened up their doors at 5pm on a Sunday. (We made reservations for that slot ahead of time online thru Open Table). However, within just one hour of being there the place was packed with people so getting a window seat at that time would've been impossible...unless you put down a hefty couple hundred dollar down payment/deposit to guarantee it (at least according to their website).
Overall, the food choices on the Restaurant Week menu were pretty good and tasty. Fine dining establishments aren't really my first go-to whenever I dine out, so it was a pleasant experience to change it up and order things I would otherwise never try.
But what really made R2L unique in my opinion however, are two things--the entrance experience and the service.
When you are trying to find out where to enter Two Liberty Place you'll see a sign for R2L off of 16th street. Walk in thru that door and veer to the right--you'll see that they have their very own carpeted walkway leading up to...yep...their very own elevator; whoah!! It only goes up to the 37th floor and back down again so it's definitely theirs. It was great timing to travel up with one of their new hostess hires (Tiffany) who was so friendly and charming.
When you first arrive in the lobby on that 37th floor, the entrance way is dimly lit mood lighting which contrasts well to the interior natural light inside the actual restaurant. As soon as you enter the main restaurant you'll feel like you're on top of the world, because, well you are and well, it's a high-class place.
Tiffany seated us by the window and our wonderful server, Hannah, took care of us and went that extra mile to make sure we were accommodated. Obviously she knew we weren't the typical fine diners that do this every day. People who do fine dining all the time are probably the ones complaining about the little things here. We should be thankful for what we do receive because we often take for granted how lucky we are in life. We sat there as Hurricane Irma was bombarding Florida so I got to thinking about things. Guess being so high up in the sky will encourage that sort of reflection, I dunno.
Hannah even went so far as to spell out the word "congratulations" in chocolate on my dining companion's dessert plate to honor her moving into a new apartment recently that I briefly mentioned. It's the little things that make a big difference, ya know?
The food came out super quick (probably because we were there early), but we didn't feel rushed when it started to get more crowded. An amazing experience all around. And some great photos to take back with us. You surely won't be disappointed, unless of course you're looking for something to be disappointed about.My husband and I were at R2L last night to celebrate our first wedding anniversary. When I made the reservation, I told them it was our first anniversary. They gave us a table with an AMAZING view of the city. Our waitress could not have been nicer- she really went out of her way to make our night special. They brought us each a glass of champagne to toast, and some challah bread with whipped butter for the table. For our appetizer, we started out with the Grilled Truffle Flatbread, which was DELICIOUS! We then each had the Romaine salad, which was also very good. For our entrees, I had the Horseradish and Pepper-rubbed Tuna Loin, and my husband who is vegetarian, had the Saffron Papardelle. For dessert, we ordered Variations of Chocolate and the Donut Ice Cream Sandwich-both of which were amazing (they even wrote "Happy Anniversary" in chocolate on the dessert plates). Needless to say, we were quite full when we left.
For the people who are complaining about the prices, please stop. You know going into this place that it's not the Olive Garden- hello!- it has it's own private elevator with a concierge who greets you and directs you where to go!  It's an upscale, hip restaurant that has been frequented by local celebs (Chase Utley lives in the building). You get what you pay for.
While I don't think most people could afford to go here regularly, this is definitely a place I would return to for a special occasion. Our waitress and the rest of the staff really went out of their way to make sure we had a wonderful evening. In a bad economy where upscale dining is a luxury for most, customer service can make or break a restaurant. Our service was top notch. Kudos to R2L for getting it right!Wonderful anniversary dinner, awesome table by the panoramic windows, the most intelligent server (Harrison) ever, and the food!  Amazing lobster salad, veal "stew", and pistachio gateau.  Better than most restaurants in Manhattan.Best view of the city -- hands down ... just remember, you are also paying a lot for that view!
This is the perfect first date place --- dimly lit, high in the sky, fancy drinks.  This is NYC meets Philly!My husband and I have heard terrific things about R2L for years. Growing up near Philly, we have admired the building from afar. As we rode the private elevator to the 137th floor, our expectations were high - and the staff didn't let us down! 
The Valentines Dinner was a set menu. The servers asked that we order our appetizer, entree, and dessert at the same time. With so many guests for the holiday, it was a wise decision for the evening. It was difficult to choose because everything sounded so delicious. Where else can you get shrimp cocktail AND lobster for your appetizer? I could have ate just that and been satisfied. The courses came out in a timely fashion, everything was the right temperature and cooked exactly how we asked. My husband had the veal and I had the steak. We caught each other chewing with our eyes closed and a big smile after every delicious bite to fully enjoy every moment. 
During our meal, we received a complimentary appetizer and dessert. This was way more than expected and I was especially excited because I had trouble choosing between two desserts. The free dessert was actually my second choice, which I happily devoured as well. The Assistant General Manager, Brittney, approached our table and asked about our experience. With full bellies and smiles from ear to ear, we could not stop talking about how amazing the food and service was. But there was one problem - we wanted to get a photo of us with the beautiful Philadelphia skyline below, but we did not want to interrupt other customers dinners. When we mentioned this to Brittney, she personally took us to a private room so that we could get our picture taken. Just like how everything else in the restaurant was above and beyond, Brittney took the time to take several photos with and without flash, horizontal and vertical, just to make sure we were happy. I must say, we are more than happy! We were treated like we were the only guests in the restaurant and we are already talking about coming back for happy hour ASAP! 
FYI if you are considering reservations for  next year - The reservation process for Valentines Dinner was different than I have experienced. When we called in December, we were put on a list of callbacks for when they opened the books   for 2/14 in January. When we were called back, we were asked to make a $50 deposit to reserve a table (which went to our total bill at the end). That is totally understandable considering the type of place and popularity of the night! 
Also there is a full-size mirror in the restrooms so that you can snap a selfie in your fancy attire. If I could give this restaurant 10 stars, I would. You'll feel like a celebrity as soon as you walk off the elevator.SEXY DATE NIGHT PLACE (not for me unfortunately). My best friend was visiting from out of town, so I wanted to take her somewhere special that I hadn't been to before either. I'd read that R2L had a great view of the city, so I thought it would be nice to show her that Philly could be beautiful too (haha). In my opentable reservation, I added an additional comment requesting a window seat for the occasion, and when we arrived for dinner, I was blown away. First off, the entrance to the place is through a hotel lobby in rittenhouse and up twenty some odd levels in an elevator. Talk about fancy. I felt like I should have been there with a boy rather than my best friend, but I wasn't complaining. I was also thankful that I had decided to dress a bit nicer that night because women were dressed to the nines. The interior was dark and sexy, the perfect date spot, and we were seated at an L shaped table facing a window with a great view of the city - it really was quite breathtaking. We ordered the lobster mac & cheese to share (talk about decadent), and I opted for the chicken. The lobster mac and cheese is really a must and definitely for sharing, even though the portion is enough for an entree, because it is super rich and creamy and delicious. We were in a bit of a rush all night because we had a party to get to, and the waiter was more than happy to expedite our food and bring everything out as soon as it was ready. Overall a really great restaurant, although next time I will probably go with a date ;)Jon and I went here to celebrate Valentine's Day. I'm so glad we did -- overall, the meal was quite good. There were a few slip ups, but it was definitely worth it. 
Appetizers
Potato and Herb Gnocchi -- This was absolutely delicious. The little salad that came with it was fantastic and added an excellent crunch to the dish. The broth was so good that I used the bread (also wonderful, by the way) to mop it all up. 
Lobster and Shrimp -- The shrimp were, and I quote, "amazing". Cooked extremely well and the cocktail sauce was exceptional. My boyfriend enjoyed the contrast between the warm shrimp and cold lobster, and it was paired very well with the avocado. 
Main Courses
Both of us got the Butcher's Filet of Beef. It was good, especially the Bearnaise sauce, but both of our dishes had temperature issues. I prefer my meat extremely rare, nearly a Pittsburgh blue, and made sure to tell our waiter this. Jon prefers his a little more cooked, though still pink in the middle -- a balance, perhaps, between medium and medium rare. Both of our dishes were overcooked. The manager was extremely apologetic and immediately fired new dishes, but a restaurant of this caliber should not have issues cooking meat to order. Aside from that, the steak fries were awesome. Not too bland on the inside, a danger with a lot of steak fries, but rather deliciously spiced and aired nicely with the short rib gravy. 
Desserts
Warm Vanilla Cake -- Jon ordered this, and I wish I'd had more of an opportunity to steal from him! Unfortunately (for me), he ate it at record speed. He does not typically enjoy desserts, but this was a clear exception. The bite I did have tasted like melted sugar cookies and was reminiscent of my childhood. We both adored it. 
Peruvain Chocolate Mousse -- This was my dessert. It was.. ok. Not memorable. I was shocked that it was a cold preparation because, honestly, it was more like chocolate ice cream. I wouldn't order it again, especially when that warm vanilla cake is available.
Wine
We got a bottle of the Arbios Cabernet, which was fantastic. On the pricey side, but it was well balanced and paired nicely with everything. Not too dry, sometimes a downfall of Cabernet, but still had the characteristic boldness we like so much. 
Overall
Really great experience. The views are lovely, and we were lucky to see it at sunset. Food was also delicious, save for a few slip ups. I'd come back.Perfect ambiance for a classy romantic date! 
We were able to snatch one of the coveted window lounge tables just a few days before the date because it was on Super Bowl Sunday. As it was the one evening a year that basically everyone else is eating wings and watching football, the establishment was relatively empty, which only added to the excellent ambiance. For one, it was calm and quiet. Also, the servers were extremely attentive and helpful since there weren't too many tables to wait on.
I would say that if I was rating just based on food, I'd give it a 4/5 because the main dishes were a bit saltier than preferred, and overall not overwhelmingly amazing for the price. However, one item I would recommend is the lobster mac & cheese, which came with delicious fat chunks of lobster. Other minor downsides to the dining experience were: the bar was out of pear liquor for the cocktail drink that we ordered so we had to find another drink, the server accidentally brought out the wrong appetizer for us initially (which seems pretty surprising since there weren't many customers), etc. All in all though, I had a lovely evening and enjoyed my meal regardless, and everyone was very pleasant!Love the ambiance! The food was incredible! We had the "Raw" for a starter and it's by far the best thing I've ever tasted. The tuna was the brightest red I've ever see; so fresh. The flavor combination with the lime and soy and the unexpected warmth of the curry was unlike anything I've ever tasted before. 
For the main course we had the 28-Day, Dry Aged, Bone-In Ribeye and the Redfish + Scallop. The ribeye by far took the cake on this one. The crispy, crunch of the char on the outside with the melt-in-your-mouth tender inside was the best steak I've tasted. Cooked to perfectionHad such an amazing experience here tonight, our server let us enjoy our time but still made sure to check on us after every item we ate/drank. The food was perfect and our view was even better! I can't wait to come back again :) thank you for such an awesome birthday !!We chose R2L to celebrate a special occasion, and it was perfect.  The light, the views, the service, drinks, food, and dessert. Flawless.  If you want to feel transported, this is the place!Went here for a birthday dinner. Food was great, amazing atmosphere. The staff was able to honor our request for a window seat/city view despite the short notice. Only downfall of the evening was the somewhat slow service and small portion of our dessert (we got the pumpkin french toast to share- it was sooo DELICIOUS, but was gone before we had the chance to enjoy it).Loving the atmosphere and the view is AMAZING!!!! The food was great and so is the server. Over all this place was the best from most of my date with my guy ;)Fantastic meal! The lobster mac n' cheese is pretty darn good - a little burnt crust on top would make it even better. The chopped salad was great. The huge pork chop for 2 was perfect. We were hoping they had the rib-eye steak for 2 on the menu (that was one of the best steaks we EVER had at Rae - their last place), but the pork filled the void for now. The service was exceptional. Not a cheap place, but they deliver the goods!Went to R2L tonight  what an amazing experience.  The view was breathtaking, the food was amazing but the highlight of the night was the server Brittany.  She made me and my friend feel like family. I have lived in the city all of my life and missed this hidden gem. So glad I found it tonight.  What a great memory.  I will be back to visit there soon. :)Fantastic views as everyone has said.  It's great that the food and service are actually up to par.  Cocktails are delicious as were our dishes.  They acknowledged our anniversary on our dessert and a champagne toast.  How thoughtfulBad place. I made a reservation for my sister's eighteenth birthday. They don't let us in because they think one of my friend's dress code is not good enough. Ok we are Asian. But it doesn't mean we are not allowed to be in the restaurant. The receptionist doesn't dress good enough too. Overall,  bad attitude, bad service.My fiance took me to R2L for my birthday. I cannot speak more highly of the ambiance of this restaurant! Even on a cloudy and rainy night, the view was to die for! Why aren't there more restaurants like this in the city?! All of the tables were spaced far apart from one another... unlike most places where they try to squeeze as many tables in as possible and you feel like you're sharing your dinner with the strangers next to you! The seats were comfy couches and perfectly placed around the room to face the windows overlooking the city.  
To start our meal we ordered a Caesar salad and the crab cake appetizer. The salad was VERY salty and the crab cake was only so-so (not a whole lot of crab). For our meals, he ordered the fillet and I got the stripped bass. The fillet was VERY good and perfectly prepared. My striped bass had a great flavor to it! It was pared with a scallop, some mixed veggies, and a square unknown fatty substance. I later looked over the menu description and realized that was the "fresh bacon"! It was a good 3 inches thick of fat! The rest of the items on the plate made up for the fat though! 
I don't have much to praise about our server.  He was strangely quiet and made it a bit of an akward encounter. 
All in all the atmosphere was amazing and we will definitely be back again... hopefully on a clear night!Let me start by saying I have been to R2L a few times before for special occasions and always had great experiences.
However, we were excited to go back during Restaurant Week, and we were unfortunately, very disappointed. While I know restaurants usually skimp on portion sizes during Restaurant Week, the portions we experienced on Monday evening were outrageously small. In fact, we ended up going to another nearby restaurant AFTER dinner for appetizers because we were still so hungry - we should not have had to go to another restaurant after spending nearly $100 on dinner. 
Overall, the food was very good, just small. For starters we had the shrimp appetizer,  it came with four average size pieces of shrimp, very good, followed by the filet and short rib duo entree...we each got literally two thin slices of filet and a TINY piece of short rib. We got one of each of the desserts which were very good, but again, very small.
I understand restaurants don't love Restaurant Week, but why participate then?? I am left with a very poor taste in my mouth about R2L (which I have previously loved) because I truly felt like we got ripped off at dinner. My only other gripe is, it was clear they were trying to turn tables over quickly. The bread basket and our appetizers were brought out at the same time, within 5 minutes of us ordering. Our appetizer plates weren't even cleared when by the time our dinner appeared. 
Otherwise, the service was fine and drinks were strong. Not sure I will be back.Great place for happy hour drinks and snacks! Love the view of the city, it can be romantic if you want to make it that. Or just great to get together with friends and/or co-workers. Food and drinks are unique and delicious. Have yet to try this place for dinner, but I will be heading over here again for drinks/snacks soon!Went here for restaurant week(my second time here). The food was good, but the views are way better. To be honest, I remember enjoying the food much more than I did this second time around. The chocolate cake was bland, dry, and was more like a dense bread(more of a warning if you're like me with a sweet tooth, don't order it).. However, the poppyseed bread was good.
Service was fine, I'm sure it's not the easiest for the servers during restaurant week when I'm sure the regular checks are much lower. It just felt like our main server was ready for us to leave as soon as we declined a bottle of wine. Though others were much more responsive.
I probably wouldn't go back(ambiance wasn't worth regular menu prices), but worth a visit for the view.It's been ages since I've had the pleasure of eating Chef Daniel Stern's R2L Style Veal Stew, an exceptional bounty of veal goodness in every bite. Tender chunks of veal breast, a cylindrical formed melt-in-your-mouth veal tenderloin, and a small cube of savory veal meatloaf sit in a delicious sweetbread gravy filled with fingerling potatoes, onions, spinach leaves, and fried eggplant. I'm glad I saw it on the menu because it wasn't listed on the online menu. I urged my friend Chris to order this dish, too, and he did and he loved it. Before our entrées, we shared an appetizer of foie gras and duck confit spring rolls with Asian-inspired cole slaw. It was a heart attack in a roll, but so worth it. Our window seat overlooking a gorgeous nighttime view of the city.If you want to surprise your mate this place is the one to do it. The view is very beautiful and the place is to die for. The food and drinks was very tasteful  to the cook and thanks to my waiter my wife was surprise by her cake.....Thank you everything was on point.This is my 6th time her and I always had a great experience when I visit R2L but today (June 2nd, 2017) My friends/coworkers and I were discriminated by the front door host Vanessa. My co-workers and friends entered the facility and she started shaking her head and grabbing her co-workers attention to look back at us (as if we didn't belong) It was an awkward situation that I couldn't bring up until we left because I didn't wanna grow any tension between my party and the company at all. I feel as though she was very unprofessional for that and we decided to not visit this place anymore. Other than that the food and drinks are awesome.You can't beat the view and the atmosphere is cool, but my service wasn't great and the food could have been better.
After waiting for 20 minutes at our table without even so much as being looked at by waitstaff, I finally called the water girl who was walking away from the table next to us and ask for water, and for our waiter. When the waiter finally did come (5min later) he talked SO quietly that we couldn't hear him (the music isn't even that loud). 
The food was fine, but I've been places where the price is the same/a little cheaper and the food was way better and a larger portion was given.
Overall, I'm glad I went to see what the hype was about, but you can do way better with your money and time elsewhere.I celebrated going to R2L to bring in my twenty something birthday and the night was so memorable. I was never the one to celebrate birthdays; however, if it means I'll be back here again then, without hesitation -- I would say yes in a heartbeat. 
The view was amazing when nightfall came. Looking over the city, I felt like Batman. All I needed was a cape and I would of looked out the city's skyline in my emo angst, but perhaps that'll be for next time.
We were blessed with a window seat which made the evening more romantic, and the service itself was possibly one of the best I've ever experienced. 
For appetisers, we had the tuna sashimi and because of my boyfriend's connections; we were sent over a yummy shotglass of soup, compliments of the chef (if I were single, I would run into the kitchen and kiss you) it was insanely flavourful that I wanted to stick my tongue in it, but alas; I didn't want to be judged. 
Now, I've already had a few cocktails by then (it was my birthday! And it didn't help we were sent over complimentary champagne which was AMAZING.) so when our adorable waiter came over with a suggestion of what wines he would recommend, I vividly remember him explaining it into full detail of what earthly wines I would like and gave me a taste before we decided on this bottle of wine I wanted to stick a straw in and go to town with it.
For the entree, I had the wild king salmon and my boyfriend had the seared tuna loin. If I wasn't so full from my course, I would of tasted his but my salmon was so buttery that it simply melted into my mouth.
For dessert and to sober me up, I was sent over a toasted cinnamon crunch cake which was devine.
To ring in the night, we were able to tour the penthouse that had such a view, it would forever be cemented into my memory. And at only $12,000 -- one can rent it out.
So anyone want to chip in $6,000 so we can have a Yelp party? I need an excuse to go back.This restaurant misses the mark by so much it is not worth the $$$, food is just good, view is great at night and it ends there.  Decor is tired, staff has no personality, polish, skills, wish i was not here attitude.
If this place made you feel special like a private members only club which with their private elevator from lobby express to restaurant on 37 floor it would be a star.
When I received a verification phone call earlier in the week I was asked if I was familiar with the dress code, I said no and was informed no jeans, collarless shirts, flip flops, etc.  Stated I most likely would be in suit and was told great.
At the bar I saw jeans, colorless shirts and forgive me a class of dress that was a step above the shore.
This is not like the old 4 Seasons or Lacroix but could be very easily.  I get the impression the owners are costing, lost passion or maybe making a buck and just greedy.I had dinner at R2L last night with my customer and work associates. 
The view is very nice but was a bit smoky from all of the wildfires out west. But that smoke did give the setting sun a great orange color. 
On to the food. All of our appetizers the short rib nachos were a real treat. Instead of tortilla chip from corn the chef uses semolina flour and rice to creat a light crispy chip and the short rib was outstanding. This was more like a pulled pork texture so there are no bones. 
I had the pretzel Salmon which was prepared perfectly. A little Charles with a flavorful dry rub. My guest had the Red Fish and Scallops which also was terrific. 
The braised pork and egg noodles were a little too fatty and greasy. 
We did like the lobster Mac and cheese although I think the lobster flavor was a bit subdued by the cheese. 
Our service was five stars and our server was very attentive and made good suggestions. 
I would recommend going to R2L if you want a good place to eat, talk and have a nice view of the city.I went here for restaurant week and for that reason give 4 stars. Otherwise I think the menu is a bit overpriced and really, you are paying for the view. I do understand that. 
The food during restaurant week was good, nothing overly impressive but it came out with nice presentation, timely, and the wait staff was very nice. The dessert was REALLY good, although it was small. 
The wine selection was also nice and my sister said she liked her cocktail. Staff was very attentive, possibly too attentive, like most high-end restaurants that end up throwing endless amounts of water away because the staff will not let your glass go under half full.
Overall, the view is quite spectacular. I've been to other restaurants in other cities (Boston, NY, Taipei, Tokyo) with this type of view, and again, you pay for the view. I think this is a nice choice for someone looking to change it up on restaurant week. Also, unless you call ahead a few months you are not getting a table near the window. That design element of this place kind of sucks. But you can still see as the windows are the entire span of the wall.From the food to the excellent service, and not to mention the ambiance, R2L was great from start to finish. This was one of the best dining experiences I have had in a while.  They really do focus on every little detail. The duo of Ribeye was AMAZING! It had a beautiful smoky flavor and was extremely tender. This was served with a glass of consomme and herbs which you sip in between bites.  We also ordered a side of Macaroni and Cheese  which came out on a little boat and served with individual macaronis. I've never seen mac and cheese served this way, but it was beautiful and delicious. This meal was worth every penny and I can't wait to go back!I came for a company event so I cannot speak to the dinner or bar service, but this place is pretty classic as your typical lounge/restaurant atop a skyscraper with panoramic views. 
The two elevator experience up is pretty cool: you go up about 25 and then are chaperoned to a second elevator to hoist your ass up to 57.
The crudite / salumeria catering for our event was excellent, and the staff was friendly and helpful.
Philly sparkled in the winter night air below, but at night and so high up, everything became pretty undistinguishable. 
Great for a date or a party, likely too cliched for a normal night out.Yup this is a 5star place nice view beautiful decor and wonderful and tasteful food!!! R2L is my new go to spot for happy hour and dinnerI was pretty pleased with my trip to R2L to celebrate the GF's and my anniversary.  
First off, the ambiance.  It's a pretty impressive place with an awesome view.  This has already been reviewed in depth, so I'm not going to bother describing it.   We happened to get to our west-facing table right as the sun was going down, which was spectacular.  Try to make a reservation for sundown, if you can.
Food-wise, R2L suffered from what we termed "bookends" syndrome - the beginning and end of the meal were excellent, while the entrees left a little to be desired.  I liked the strong wasabi flavor in the tuna flatbread and thought the onion soup's presentation was pretty cool - a thin disk of bread baked around the crock replaced the traditional soggy croutons/toast in the broth.  And Joanna's beet salad was very tasty - as a beet salad connoisseur , she gave it 2 thumbs up.
The entrees though...  I dunno, the veal x-ways didn't really do it for me.  I was sort of surprised, given Chef Stern's reputation as a master of all things calf.  The various preparations all tasted pretty similar, and were a little greasy for my tastes, with the exception of the meatloaf (definitely a highlight).  Jo ordered the short ribs off of the "Mains: Prepared Simply" menu and, well, let's just say the menu's name was an understatement.  She thought they were ok, but I thought they were awful, dry and flavorless.  At least she got the delicious shitake fries as a side dish.
Dessert tipped R2L back squarely into 4-star territory.  I seriously considered getting a glass of 30yr Laphroaig, since a) I'd never before seen it available by the glass and b) I want to drink a glass of Laphroaig older than me, and I've only got 3 years left before I have to find some 40- or 50-year .  My old roommate and I have a pact to go buy a bottle of the stuff, and it probably wouldn't have gone that well with a dessert called "Cinnamon Toast Crunch", so I decided to just go with the latter. Delicious stuff.
All in all, it was a nice little meal. Generally, we just look for the most interesting food we can find when we go out to eat. That wasn't the goal for this trip, so we weren't disappointed.Went for  mothers day with my wife and kids and it was not good nor worth it. $75 per person and $25 for kids and kids menu consisted of 3 things ,cheese burger (which they charged me $1 for cheese) chicken fingers (3 small over cooked fingers) and mac and cheese just 1 of these for $25 smh . The workers were all like robots with no facial expressions or personalities, our bill was 350 and it was just not worth it .Wow.  
Through my work, I have been fortunate enough  to dine in many fine restaurants throughout the world, and I'm adding R2L to my list of favorites. 
While it's a novel concept (in Philadelphia) to have a restaurant on the 37th floor, I was most impressed by the whole experience.  It was an extremely upscale and sophisticated atmosphere, but not remotely stuffy. The staff were attentive and knowledgeable, yet equally approachable and fun.  These people knew their food, and they clearly love doing what they do. 
I had the crab cakes with cippolini rings, and chose the beignets for dessert...until the chef came along and told me that I really needed to try the vanilla cake.  Let's just say that my friend and I decided that next time we'll start with the vanilla cake. It was too good to save for the end. 
It's really a great package - stellar view, super cool vibe, awesome awesome food.  Can't wait to go back.I'm only giving R2L 2 stars... I didn't have dinner so this is based on cocktails at the bar.  Lovely atmosphere and yes, the view is awesome.  The biggest issue? Their bartender is rude... I mean downright rude.  
My husband and I arrived later-ish on a Saturday night to a practically empty restaurant and bar.  Only one other couple was at the bar.  They were straightening the chairs so we weren't even sure they were still open.  They said they were so we hopped up for some drinks and we were greeted with such downright hostility that I think my mouth fell open.  We persevered - had our drinks and ordered a snack from the bar menu.  
We got ready to leave/ pay and bartender couldn't be found anywhere.  My husband had to go and search around for a manager, hostess, anyone to help us pay.  We did talk to her about his behavior and she comped our drinks which was nice.
I find it interesting that there is a similar review on here about the bartender being such a mess and it has to be the same guy.  If the management checks on these reviews, they seriously need to find another bartender.  There was just absolutely no reason for him to be so nasty and obviously he is not in the right profession.R2L is located on the 37th floor of Two Liberty Place. This restaurant was designed for the views. Every single seat has a nice vantage of the city. There are also a few private rooms for an even more exclusive experience. 
Our waitress was extremely polite and attentive. The entire staff was gracious. 
For appetizers, we shared tuna tartar, beef carpaccio, a grilled shrimp salad, and lobster bisque. These were served with complimentary, poppy seed pastries. The pastries had the structure and consistency of a muffin with the butteriness and flakiness of a croissant.
For my main course, I had one of the specials - Rabbit lion and leg, it was perfectly cooked. It was juicy and tender. The plating was pretty.
I also finished up my sister's stake which was a 28 day aged ribeye. I highly recommend this entree. It was cooked to a perfect medium rare. The fat was rendered perfectly. It had the same texture and softness as a scallop with an excellent char.
I had an excellent all around experience and would rate R2L four and a half stars.The views from this place are amazing.  I would say based on that alone, it's a good spot to impress a date.  I only had some wine and some apps that were being passed around at an event.  The wine was nothing special, and the food was only okay.  There were a lot of people at the bar because its part of Center City Sips, so might have to go back to try a cocktail.Went for restaurant week on Monday. The food was delicious and it didn't seem as if it was being generically pumped out like some restaurants during restaurant week. The steak was cooked perfectly to my liking, and the chocolate pudding dessert was to die for. My only minimal complaint is that I wish we would have had a window seat so we could have seen the views.Great view, bad experience with food and service from appetizers to dinner! (Sent back Lobster bisque soup- 3 of us hated it! Crispy risotto was a fried mushy ball of unknown substance) dinner was a fried piece of chicken, a fish of the day which was bland and had several puréed soupy things underneath which I couldn't decipher, and a Lobster tail was smoked? How can you possibly ruin a lobster tail? The chef is trying to redo every dish and failed miserably with everything from start to finish. We will never be back. Way way overpriced. Our waiter never even came over to ask us how the food was either. He did ask how it looked as he put it on the table and left!!!!   We spent $300 and walked out miserable and disappointed.I understand all the hype about this place- super trendy and what a view! Also the lobster mac and cheese was absolutely delicious! Thats where my compliments end- we came on restaurant week and were 15 minutes late for our reservation and they said they could no longer seat us at a table so we had to sit at the bar. The cocktails were as expected, pricey and trendy looking. The food from the restaurant week menu was nothing special and the servings were very small. I would go back for a sunset view for a drink and some lobster mac and cheese but id go elsewhere for a good dinner.It's all about the view. Very good food (at good stiff prices), great drinks (at high prices), excellent service, an excellent well varied wine selection and a nice quick direct to the top elevator ride, however, all of this can be had elsewhere except the view. The view alone will impress and once impressed, chances are you will remain impressed.I've been fortunate enough to come here a few times now, but it's been several years since my last visit. I'm pleased to say that the quality has not diminished. If anything, it's improved! We had the truffle flatbread for an appetizer and it was simply scrumptious! The arugula was the perfect touch. Loved it! My main course was the Peas and Asparagus dish, which I chose based on our server's recommendation. He was right on the money! It was a wonderful vegetarian dish full of fresh veggies, a variety of mushrooms, a little bit of warm and what I assume was homemade pappardelle. Well-balanced and filling, although not heavy. My companion and I split the lemon tart for dessert which was again, just amazing. We even received little cookie treats with our bill. The service and quality are really top notch. And you can't beat the view! You absolutely get what you pay for. Looking forward to returning again soon!Great views and a great place to grab drinks if you can find a seat at the bar.  My bf and I were able to after waiting a few minutes on a Saturday night.  He really enjoyed the bourbon drink on the menu (Daylight Savings) and I enjoyed the Loree's Jones (you get your money's worth at $12 a cocktail).  Lots of people were eating at the bar as well.  GIven the reviews, I don't think I'd come back for the food but def for drinks esp the happy hour ($8 cocktails!)!Dined here for my birthday and loved it! The filet mignon was perfection. The duck spring rolls were a little too oily but still very tastyOur firm was entertaining out of town service partners, and I really wanted them to leave Philadelphia wanting to come back.  R2L was a perfect choice. We were seated in a lovely westward facing table, and lucked out with a gorgeous sunset. Vivi was our waitress, and believe me, this incredible young lady could have described bread and water in such a way that you felt you absolutely had to have it. (Actually, she did, and the bread was a nice variety of deliciousness.)  Vivi walked us through drink choices with a full knowledge of each offering. I went rogue, and ordered a variation of an iced bourbon tea on their menu. (Bourbon, tea, honey, lemon and muddled mint. The bartender hit it out of the park and it was outstanding.)  We ordered the crispy risotto and flatbread as appetizers, and both were delicious. The sauce for the risotto was truly the highlight and brought out the complex flavors in the risotto. One of our guests was allergic to garlic, and Vivi made sure we were aware of shared plates containing garlic. We were quite surprised when the kitchen sent out miniplates of items she could indeed enjoy. That is what makes for a great experience.  For dinner, two ordered salmon, one lobster, and I ordered the butcher's beef.  Again, Vivi's in depth knowledge of the menu and the joy with which she performed her role allowed us to make confident choices in our meals, and they did not disappoint.  Everything was cooked to perfection, with spot on portions.  Dessert was the vanilla cake, which is hands down the most delicious vanilla cake I've ever had.  Slightly crisp edges, perfect airy sweetness, and the sauce was simply amazing.  
The atmosphere was anything but stodgy or stuffy.  There has obviously been a great deal of care in hiring the staff, as each one of them are friendly, approachable, and professional. I can't say enough, and I can't wait to go back.The food here was pretty dang good, the service was great, and the prices were a little high. But let's face it you were paying for the view and it is a spectacular view that is worth the price. From high above Philadelphia you can see the entire city and region and enjoy a very good intimate and romantic dinner while doing so. It isn't a restaurant I would work into my regular pattern places to stop, but it is always worth considering for a special occasion.The views here are amazing! To reserve a seat by the window, there in an $80 per plate deposit. I didn't opt to do that because I didn't know if I would spend that much, but it was easy  so I wish I had opted for that. The portion sizes were a little small, which is the main reason for 4 stars vs 5. Rich was my server and he did an amazing job. The waitstaff and bartenders were all though and friendly. I had excellent service. The food was also amazing. I ate the short rib, fillet & lobster Mac & cheese. I feel like this will just be a place I go once to experience it though.So... remember after my first visit, I said that a re-visit was debatable? Well, the debate is over. R2L is not worth a revisit. Unless, you're newly single and looking to impress a new date. And another new date. And another new date.
Food. Another Restaurant Week, a new menu. Same dessert. My favorite part was the dessert last time, so I'm glad they kept that the same! The fried risotto balls were OK. It was like a grown-up version of fried cheese balls you can get at a dive bar, but with risotto. The poached and fried chicken, which looked almost exactly like the Chicken Picnic, were both just OK. The portions were extremely small. The chicken was cooked well, but lacked seasoning. Celery didn't add much to the dish, but to me, actually took away from the dish. It didn't have a place on the plate. It added a separate texture that didn't connect with the dish. The lobster mac and cheese was wack. The bechamel, although very creamy, was not flavorful. For the different types of cheeses used in the bechamel, it lacked saltiness.
Drinks. For a lounge that boasts some of the best views in Philly, you would think the drinks should be up to par, especially for the hefty price tags. Apparently, you're just paying for the view, not for the quality of drinks. I would think R2L would have some legitimate mixologists, especially with the fancy cocktails they have on the menu. But every drink either had too much liquor or not enough. You were either taking alcohol to the face in the form of a cocktail or you were sipping on soda with a splash of liquor. A meager splash.
Service. For a place so well-staffed, man... service was hecka slow. Dinner took 2.5 hours, so plan accordingly. This doesn't include our appetizer order while waiting at the bar. Include that, then the dinner from beginning to end was closer to 3 hours. Our dishes were not laid in front of the right people at our table, not a big deal. A beer was delivered to our table that was not ordered. Our appetizer was incorrect. And at least two glasses, at different times, were broken during dinner. But... at least our server was friendly.
But please, visit here once. Enjoy the city lights. And then dine elsewhere.Went here for drinks and appetizers with co-workers. Nice space, view is not as great as advertised, at least from the lounge area. Although I am used to views in NYC so I am somewhat biased. Drinks were not as badly priced as I had expected. Appetizers are somewhat limited in terms of shareable food, but they are all over-priced (french fries for $7??). Quality of the food was good, but again it should be for the prices being charged.Clearly working out first week opening kinks, bartenders, servers trying to get their feel - hopefully in a few months they'll find their way - but in the meantime, first impressions:
- Separate entrance door that takes you to the right of Liberty 2's main lobby, fancy schmancy lone elevator takes you to the 37th floor to reveal R2L's dining room and lounge which has walls of wine cellars surrounding the bar, bar area and open kitchen.  
- Low ceilings, some exposed to show the structural beams and vents -  a very tight bar area, not easily navigable.  The décor is a bit cliché, very dark, and am not particularly feeling the cougar-ish appeal of it all (literally, there is fake cougar fabric lining the bar banquettes) - and right away, you realize what this place is catering to:
- Cougars, wealthy ones, main-liners, suburbanites wanting a big night in the city, business types, the wheelin' and dealin' types that can afford to pay $12 per uninventive, standard cocktails. (Eight boring ones to be exact - 2 per liquor type, with an even shorter beer list, a semi-decent wine selection and everything is overpriced).
- Food is the only slight redeeming factor - and though the menu on its face, appeared interesting, the Gayle Daniel Stern food I was expecting was not present here.  Perhaps, another kink to work out once everyone is settled?
- For now a stuffy atmosphere, ho-hum kitchen execution and expensive everything is not begging for a return visit.Great for a good view, food is pretty good.  Service is decent. You definitely go for the view and atmosphere more than the food, but you wont be disappointing either way.Beautiful views as expected but we could see nothing of significance. Our food was pretty good but pricey again as expected. I'd recommend going here with friends once but no need to frequent.R2L was absolutely amazing! From the location, the amazing food, the awesome atmosphere, everything was perfect. If you go out looking for a great night in town I highly recommend dinner at R2L.Large restaurant atop liberty one place catering to the trendy crowd. Went on a Saturday night and thought the food was mediocre. 
My date's order was wrong, which just seemed rushed. My filet was good, but just felt like it was lacking. Overall, the entire experience seemed to be missing something. 
The one large bright side to the meal was the dessert. The molten vanilla cake was excellent and was the best thing. 
Service was excellent, as expected as at a restaurant like this. Will try again at another time and different day and see if things are better.
One other thing, if you patronize the restaurant at night to see the skyline, please do not use flash photography!  Other patrons are trying to enjoy a meal without bright white lights shining down on you!!!My husband and I got married on 5/19/16 and we chose this restaurant to celebrate our special day! The entire experience was absolutely amazing! Also, If you are thinking about ordering a cake through them, do not hesitate! The vanilla vanilla cake was amazing!!! I have some left in the freezer but I am sure it will not last too much longer! The food, drinks and service was top notch! Make sure you request Anton when you go! He was an absolute delight!Food is decent and view is fantastic. Service is slow and multiple mistakes.  Most unforgivable was serving gluten containing food to me despite discussing my gluten allergy (yes I realize its technically an autoimmune issue).  I was told the oysters were gluten free but asked about an ingredient after my first few bites that didn't taste right only to find out they didn't realize brioche was bread and clearly not gluten free. Considering this was on the oysters they forgot to serve after our appetizers, and before our main course, that's a double miss.  Nice valentines dinner because of the view, but too many other good restaurants in the city to bother coming back.Went here on a dinner date last night. At first we were seated near a window seat. Close enough to enjoy the view. After our appetizer the window table opened up and we were able to move. The lobster mac n cheese is definitely a must if you go. To my disappointment they were sold out of Salmon on a TUESDAY night. Just before going I had read a review about the same thing happening to someone on a busy Saturday night so i thought i would for sure be okay. But no smh. Nonetheless the drinks, service, food, and ambience was great. Will definitely come back.Great place for cocktails and apps and taking in the 37th floor view of Philly.  Relaxing lounge style with great service taboot!I had my wife birthday celebration there. I have to tell you  , it was beautiful. Great food , great service.I came here for my boyfriend's birthday and the place was gorgeous! We sat in a booth next to the window and had an amazing view all night. Unfortunately, it was an early dinner during the summer so we did not get a chance to see the sun set.
We ordered one of the specials and several sides: 
We had the truffle flatbread as an appetizer along with the pretzel bread complimentary provided by R2L. I loved the truffle flatbread for it's tanginess, and the pretzel bread was to die for! 
For our entree, 3-lb lobster that was absolutely amazing and a side of fries and baked potato skins. The lobster was pricey, but it was a special occasion and well worth it.
For dessert, we had a warm vanilla cake, which was good but not outstanding. 
Definitely recommend coming here if you're willing to spend a little extra for a special night. I would certainly return; this time, at sunset so I could get a great view of the night sky during dinner.Not only is the food amazing by the ambiance and views of the city are wonderful! It's worth every penny and definitely a place that I would recommend to anyone!Despite some negative reviews, we had a fantastic night here. It was restaurant week, so we expected small servings and too many guests. we arrived earl and they gave us a great table on the window. We started with drinks from the bar before dinner that were really well made, I mean, it was only a lowball, but just perfect proportions. 
Loved the steak tartare appetizer. The fluke with licorice and short rib for dinner were delicious. We received a terrific recommendation for a Malbec. 
The sunset turned to city lights while we ate mini donuts and ice cream. Our waiter Mathew was fantastic, we would certainly return.The views. THE VIEWS. The views. 
My first trip to R2L happened at a particularly good time; my group arrived at the start of happy hour and we caught a snow squall. That's pretty damn cool at 37 floors up. 
We were able to relax in the lounge facing west with table service and all. I didn't eat anything, but I was perfectly happy with my Sunset Punch and Malbec to sip on. 
Views with happy hour? Yeah, I'm pretty much sold.The beet salad was yummy. Twice over. Steak tartare also delicious and authentic with authentic. Had a lovely evening.Well, let's just get this out of the way..the service was excellent, the food was good, the drinks-eh, the host, eekkk.  I went to R2L for my birthday dinner. I had never been there before, and I called earlier in the week to make a reservation.  I asked for a booth because the whole point of going to this restaurant is the amazing view, and I wanted a romantic dinner with my husband.  When we got there we were seated in the middle of the place!  I asked the host if there was any way we could get a table by the windows b/c that's what I thought I was reserving.  She basically said, "I'm sorry."  Now I was really upset that had I been informed when calling to make my reservation about the differences between tables, I would have made the correct reservation.  So as I sat and sulked I noticed a table get seated in front of us.  They immediately started whispering to each other and then one girl got up to speak to someone.  I told my husband that if this table gets moved to a window booth I would throw a FIT!  Don't you know a server comes around with champagne for the table and a few minutes later the table gets moved!  I WAS LIVID!  I called the manager over and explained the situation and told him apparently I have to throw a fit in order to be accommodated here!  He gave me the typical blah, blah, blah.  Can I get you anything bullshit.  I told him that I wasn't looking to get free stuff I just wanted the table I expected upon making a reservation.  In the end we didn't get the table we wanted, the night sucked cause I couldn't believe the other table got moved, and I just wanted to eat and leave.  At the end of dinner, the manager did give us two glasses of champagne and pastries for my BD.  He wanted to ensure we come back so he gave us a gift card for an undisclosed amount (which I checked the balance when I got home and the card was not active).  I didn't care about that stuff by the end of our meal and I doubt I will ever go back. I know that they are just windows but it was infuriating.  Oh well, afterward my husband and I got wasted at Raven Lounge...that place was awesome!I recently went to R2L with a date and other than the appetizers and ambience, I wasn't a huge fan. It was restaurant week, so I know that either makes or breaks a kitchen (usually breaks since they're churning out the same dish over and over again). I loved the truffled flatbread and foie gras spring rolls - but wasn't too thrilled with the main course of braised short rib. Dessert was so-so. Our service was really good throughout the entire meal. I would definitely bring out of town guests here for a nice view and some apps!The restaurant is fairly easy to find. Parking was $15 for us with validation. Would be nice if this was complimentary but it is a big city. You enter the two liberty building, do coat check and then take a private elevator to the 37th floor. We had window seats and sat at the bar until it was ready. The view is incredible. Personally, I would only come if I had window seats. It started with small bread muffins, the butter mixture for this was very tasty. We ordered the seafood trio and braised rib sliders for an appetizer. The trio was okay, the shrimp was amazing but only two pieces. The lobster was good. The piece of fish that came with it I wasn't a fan of. If I could, I would order just the shrimp next time. For our main courses I got the roasted chicken and lobster Mac and cheese. My boyfriend got the braised ribs and fillet. We both enjoyed our dish. The lobster Mac and Cheese was heavenly. I would order five servings without regret. Definitely try this. For dessert we got vanilla cake, which had a lava center that was warm and delicious, and coffee dessert. Overall great experience. Our host was very attentive I wish we could have tipped him even more.Wow!!!! From the time we entered the lobby and were treated by a pleasant hostess who sat us right on time for our 7pm reservation to the awesome wait staff and manager this was a unique and one of a kind experience.
The views of the city skyline are special but were outdone by the excellent food and dining experience. Shared several apps all had flavors that exploded in your mouth. These included tuna, risotto and flat bread.
The entrees were great again we shared a excellently prepared tuna loin and ribeye steak.
Finally thankfully we had desert. The warm vanilla cake is a vanilla version of chocolate lava cake. This was very enjoyable and ended a perfect dining experience.
Great place for a special evening.First I will start with the pros then the cons. Very beautiful space and very friendly staff and the Mini risotto with truffle soy was amazing. Cons; if you drive here and valet its going to cost you $20 dollars. My girlfriend and I were a walk in as we couldn't get a reservation through open table. Upon coming upstairs we asked the hostess if we could have a table. She said they were fully committed for the evening. However she said we were welcome to go to the bar for a drink. It was 930 and there last seating was 10pm and i counted 8 un-occupied tables in the restaurant. 
I spotted a short gentlemen with glasses who identified himself as the General Manager and I asked if a table were to open up could we be seated and again the fully committed line.
So we gave in and spent $250 dollars at the bar. Very broad wine list with some good choices albeit a bit overpriced. We ordered crab cakes which were mushy with no crunch, mini risotto as mentioned earlier very good, shrimp cocktail, good, short ribs were a bit fatty and the himachi was pretty much disgusting. Miso soy panna cotta very interesting and very good. 
Bartenders and cocktailers were very friendly and very upbeat. The dining room looked more like a funeral just got over absolutely no energy whatsoever. My advice is get there early if you want a table or sit in their lounge for a drink with a nice view. Once management gets over their attitude I will give it a shot again.The atmosphere was very pleasing, presentation and taste of the food was OK, not all that. Ive eaten better in tower restaurants with views, way cheaper. My bill was $120 for 2 drinks and 2 plates of food 2 adults. Drinks range from $14 and up, food LOL jus go to website for prices, so overpriced to say the least. Not a huge menu, but offering something for adults, not kid friendly. Martini's were tasty, not watered down. The shop was both clean and tidy, not alot of seating make reservations. The hostess/ waitress was attentive at all times. Staff members there greeted us in/ out when we left. The food was not really filling, hubby wasnt thrilled. We will not be returning. Great views of the city tho....I've only been here for drinks but I've glanced at the menu to know that both their drinks and food are expensive.  Drinks were pretty standard too for the price, but you don't go here for the drinks you go there for the view.  The view is gorgeous and there is a relaxed yet modernly fancy atmosphere.  Bartenders were attentive but not overbearing  It'd be worth checking out but maybe during SIPS of restaurant week if you're on a budget.I don't like giving 2 star reviews, however, don't want to be dishonest. Service was good- they could have checked in sooner. Drinks were great- made up for the mediocre service. Food- over salted! If it weren't for the view this place wouldn't be be worth giving a chance.so it started out great at first , when we got in the ambiance was pleasing  & we had a great seat by the window looking over the city. I ordered the bacon cheddar cheeseburger sliders and the waitress we had messed it up and gave me hamburgers instead, not only did she mess it up the  order. She messed up our checks too. She was consistently rude to my friends and I the whole night. This gave us all a bad expression because the customer service was terrible. The waitress even rolled her eyes at one of my friends also very hostile. I would not come here again until the have a change of staff.This review is just about the bar service I experienced last night. I came to R2L with some colleagues for a planned happy hour to celebrate the holidays. We were at the bar from about 5pm- 7pm and it wasn't very crowded, but despite this, I found it painfully difficult to order a drink! There was one bartender tending bar, and she was off on another planet or something, because you had to practically throw something at her to get her attention. She knocked over several glasses while we were at our happy hour as well. She honestly really looked like she didn't want to be there. The drinks are not exactly cheap there, so I would expect that if I order a martini that it should be a full glass when I receive it and not have pieces of ice floating in it (mine was half full and chock full of ice shards). I actually sent my drink back (which I've never done in my life) because it was just undrinkable. The bartender did remake the drink though (unapologetically), and the second one was much better. My colleague's glass of wine which he had ordered with the rest of our group never appeared. 
This experience was just really too bad as the restaurant is so lovely and has such stunning views of the city. But I really just wanted to get the heck out of there as quickly as possible.