Race Street Cafe is a great little bar/restaurant to have a casual meal and a great beer. It's always got great specials on the chalkboard and new beers on tap and the service is usually spot on. 
However, if you're coming with a large group, be prepared to wait. They do allow you to call ahead and order food and I highly recommend it if you're going for lunch and only have an hour to get back to work!
Special Note: They have a wood-burning stove inside which is so nice and cozy in the winter time and they are open-air in the summer time, along with outdoor seating!A 5 star rating would actually take something away from this place...I mean this is more like a cozy neighborhood pub than a cafe...and I like it that way.
That being said...expecting pub food and finding dishes that belong more in a fine back street bistro in Paris is indeed a welcome surprise. We started off with a couple of great tap beers that went very well with the calamari. The calamari was fried perfectly with cauliflower and jalapenos. It came with 2 sauces, one seemed like a chipotle mayo and the other was a little too sweet which is fine because the calamari didn't need any accompaniment. My wife had the poulet and I had the pork chop. Both were cooked perfectly and the poulet had a crisp skin and tender/juicy meat. The poulet came with roasted potatoes and the pork came with a mash of sweet potatoes, both came with haricot vert.
Great cozy and casual ambiance paired with friendly service make Race Street Cafe one of my new go to places in my hood.Great spot to get food and beers on a nice day, but outside seating is pretty limited.I should have stuck to my first choice of burger but I saw the chili on the menu and decided to give that a try instead. I was left unsatisfied.The food is good. Very laid back atmosphere. For some reason every time I go there the Eagles lose.I was immediately a fan stepping into this cozy space. The food is generously portioned bar food,  a few interesting specials, makes for a memorable night on a cold winter's night.This hidden gem has been one of my city-wide favorites for a few years now.
They always have an excellent rotating draught beer list. Franziskaner Hefe Weiss seems to be a permanent fixture; then they usually offer a few white options, a few dark options, and a few hoppier options (heart u hops). It pains me to see people in there drinking Lager bottles. What the hell's wrong with you morons?
They also have surprisingly amazing food. The calamari, the nachos, the burgers, and the hummus/baba ghanoush special are all excellent. I've probably been 20-30 times, usually mixing the aforementioned dishes with various specials and other menu items. Only once have I had anything sub par: the grilled veggie muffaletta sandwich. I had it once and it was fantastic. Next time, not so good.
Sauces are where they really shine though. The calamari and the fries both come with excellent dipping sauces, and the fries themselves are delicious too!
You really can't go wrong with any food choice there, and the atmosphere is a super cozy pub feel. I seriously wish I lived there. I've read a couple reviews saying the servers are rude, but I've never found that to be the case. They're very respectful, offer good beer recommendations (you can tell they've actually tried everything on tap and they appreciate good beer), and maybe most importantly, even when it's packed they don't try to rush you out at all.I had heard many good things about this spot before, but finally checked it out recently. We sat outside on a cool summer day and really enjoyed the view of the Ben Franklin Bridge. If you're a beer snob like me, then this place is a must try. Large draft list with a ton of craft beers. For food I  had a side salad to start, which was fine. Nothing to write home analyst. However, as an entree i had the brisket sandwich, which was absolutely delicious. I will definitely check this place out again.This place easily has the potential of becoming 4 or 5 stars.  The location, the space, the outside seating area, the atmosphere....  Having just moved from Northern Liberties to Old City, I think of this place as almost being the North 3rd, or Abbaye, or Standard Tap of Old City, in other words, a casual gastro pub where you can go for delicious food at least once a week.  RSC still has a way to go in this category.
Interesting atmosphere - check, good music - check, relaxing vibe with local patrons - check. Friendly servers - check, delicious food? - they definitely have room to improve on this account.
To their defense, I am a vegetarian, so I am always judging a place by their vegetarian selections.  I tried their gnocchi and it was just ok.  It was lacking in flavor and just didn't wow me.  
My friend had the veggie burger.  He asked that they not put tomatoes on it, but I guess that was interpreted as "no toppings at all"   He got what looked like a store bought garden burger with no toppings, in a pita, folded in half.  It was very strange and just not what I'd expect to have served at a place like this.  Note to the chef - take a trip over to Monks or the Belgian cafe and taste what an amazing veggie burger is like. Maybe I was expecting something delicious and homemade and more of a professional presentation?  The food isn't exactly cheap, so I guess I was just expecting more.
Unlike some of the other reviewers, I had no problems with the service.  I'll probably be back just because of the location and maybe just to drink, but if the food was better, I'd probably be there all the time.Good food but terrible service! How can you have only one server on a busy Friday night. We would have ordered more drinks if she ever came around.  The food doesn't make up for the poor service.Ate here for the first time for dinner. Service was excellent, prompt, and attentive. Started with buffalo shrimp which my boyfriend really enjoyed (I found them okay). I had the petit filet with a twice baked potato and vegetables du jour, the only issue was that the vegetables were extremely over-salted (easy mistake) everything else was excellent. My boyfriend ate curry shrimp and there wasn't anything left on the plate. For dessert we shared a creme brûlée which was to die for, we will definitely be back!The beer sampler is kool, we liked fruh kolsch not bitter very smooth. The burger was go o d, fries were average. Great atmosphere, seemed for ever to get food, on a Sunday at 2pm they were full.I've been here many times, and it's never been my pick. It really comes down to the customer service for me. The wait staff (usually 2 bartenders running all tables and the bar) is far from friendly or engaging. I don't think I've ever recieved eye contact from anyone OR even a response after I place an order- more like a silence and then walk away with nothing to let me know you just understood or even HEARD what I ordered. As a former waitress myself, I find this extremely peculiar.
This might be that thye're really busy, and and just trying to be really efficient.. but I have to say, a "sure", "okay, I'll get your order in", OR maybe even a "thank you" wouldn't kill anyone or take more than 2 seconds to speak. Bizzare. And not a one time experience.Atmosphere was great, low lit small place with great music playing. Went with two children but not really a family restaurant however, the service was great and very accommodating to the two kids. Fish tacos were awesome as were the nachos. The steak salad was tasty but I love blue cheese so I would've liked more. Loved the cozy wood stove and just overall vibe. Perfect for what we were looking for!I've been here before and normally have had a decent brunch experience, but tonight was horrible. There was a group of 7 of us, we sat outside and didn't make any outrageous requests, easy drinks and food with no variations from the menu. We waited a excessive amount of time for everything. In total we were here for 3 hrs. And when we finally got the food it was not as good as I expected. I only took one bite of my sandwich it was that bad. I feel bad for the server because he was the only one on, but there had to be someone that could have helped him. Overall, horrible!Why do they call themselves a café when coffee isn't listed on their menu? More of a pub with overpriced food. Service was spotty the day I went there, though they do have a woodstove.I have been going to Race St. Cafe for years now and have never been disappointed.  They have an ever changing list of about 12-15 craft and rare imports on draft.  The servers and bartenders are knowledgeable about all of their beers, and will help the novice beer drinker find one that suits their taste.
I would describe the food as artisanal-American.  My personal fave is the Southwest Turkey burger, and you can't go wrong with any of their choices.
Only drawback is it can get a bit noisy when crowded, and you may have a bit of a wait, as it is a small venue; however, the atmosphere is great.  Exposed brick, wood burning fireplace, and an always friendly crowd.  Waiting is a great excuse to try one of the microbrews.
This is my favorite place in Philly.  If you haven't been, definitely give it a try.With a little more attention to detail this place could be 4 or 5 stars.  But, after years of coming here I don't think it's going to happen.  The food is always fine, but never fantastic.  The service almost always could be improved, but isn't falling behind.  There are better pubs for beers and food in the area.  But, I don't mind stopping by every fews months.Hidden gem in Olde City. 
Went here during First Friday and was impressed. Although not an extensive menu, the food is good and the drink selection offers something for everyone.
World away from the Market STreet scene just a few blocks away. You can also eat outside.I live nearby and have dined at Race St. at least 1-2x/week for the past year. I'm so lucky to have such an all-around spectacular neighborhood bar- and its nicely tucked away in a more residential part of Old City, away from the tourist crowds. 
Race St. has a cozy interior- large open windows in summer and a wood-burning fire in winter. Staff is exceptionally friendly and will make great recommendations. 
Food: Perfection. They've mastered the classics like buffalo chicken and burgers. Don't miss the specials, either- I've had great pasta and seafood dishes from their rotating menu. 
Great draft list. They'll occasionally have an others difficult to procure offering - Heady Topper was briefly available recently. That was a treat!needed late night grub. stumbled upon this on our way up north. BEST shrimp quesadilla I have ever had. ever!  and I lived in Cali for 10 years. the mix of onions, peppers, cheese with shrimp topped with a chipotle drizzle + guac on side was insane. no time to take a pic, I ate it so fast. FYI this isn't on the regular menu - late night appetizerNeeded lunch for the fam during a late lunch time. Tween couldn't believe we brought her to a bar, but we lived the warmth of the wood burning stove, and the food was amazing! We'd all go back! Fish tacos were divine (fit sweet potato fries as a side - yum!), pork nachos which were delish, and a flavorful chicken caesar salad. Worth every penny!To sum it up: excellent food, great beer selection (and prices!) and HORRIBLY SLOW service.
I came to Race Street Cafe last Wednesday as part of a group of 8 people around 7PM. We were celebrating my friend's birthday. It was not busy at all when we sat down, maybe 3 other tables were occupied, all 2 tops. The server, a young lady, greeted us promptly upon sitting down and took some drink orders. When I saw how long it took for the drinks to come, I knew we were in trouble. When she finally came back to take food orders, I ordered the gazpacho to start, the po' boy and a spanish burger for my husband. Someone please tell me why it would take 18 minutes (I was timing) for a gazpacho to come out?? It's freakin' gazpacho! Anyway, my frustration quicly dwindled when I tasted it. It was really delicious- bright and acidic with a silky mouthfeel, but still chunky enough to satisfy. About a year later, our entrees came out, except for one member of our party who's order the server admittedly forgot about.
The food was definitely excellent. I could tell that the po' boy I ate was a very well thought out sandwich. I loved the contrast of the shrimp and the crabmeat salad, the crunch of the cornmeal breading, the subtle, pleasant heat of the chipotle sauce and the refreshing crunch of the lettuce. I was in heaven for the entire 3 minutes it took to scarf it down. I also had a bite of hubby's spanish burger, which was also very good. My only concern was that I felt that the onions got a little lost in the sandwich, probably overpowered by the jalapenos and maybe even the chorizo. I think throwing a couple more on there would solve that problem.
The server never once came over to our table to ask how we were enjoying our meals, and was not very apologetic about forgetting my friend's order. She didn't even offer to comp it, even though he had to wait another half hour to receive his food. 
The beer selection was also quite impressive. I'm a bit of a connoisseur and was still able to find beers that I hadn't tried yet, all at an average price of $4.
Overall, I'd say the dining experience was good, except for the service. I mean, I usually don't complain about this, but it was downright terrible. Just God awful. I may not return because of this. 
The one thing that baffles me is that I see countless reviews complaining of the service, and no changes have been made. It's like the owner of this establishment is intentionally trying to take a good thing and run it into the ground. Race Street Cafe owner(s): Do something about the service in your restaurant or you will not have customers to serve!This is my favorite place for food, drinks and a relaxing atmosphere in Old City. Great beers on draught that are always changing. The wood fire stove is amazing for cold winter nights. Our go tos are the fried chicken sandwich, steak salad and wings! I would suggest this place looking for a homey vibe with excellent food and drinks!Very cozy place to escape the snow. Friendly and quick service, good food and great eggnog.I went to this place with a restaurant deal and really did not know what to expect...the reason why this was three instead of four, was that the place did not have that many waiters...
The steak was excellent and full of flavor..the drinks were wonderful and I learned about a new sparkling wine called CAVA...
The appetizer was okay...I ordered the buffalo shrimp and it was heated up shrimp tossed in hot sauce...okay and kinda mediocre, almost to a turn off...
The decor was very dark and you really couldn't see the decorations, which kind of creeped me out...overall I will go back for the entree and drinksMy fiance and I LOVE race street cafe. The food is delicious and we love the service!A great place for the Old City locals to come for a drink or for great food.  I had the turkey burger because I was looking for something spicy.  Theirs definitely is and it is excellent.  They have a great beer selection including one brew available on cask.  The cask choice was Yards' IPA.  I am normally not a fan of IPAs but, the cask pouring process makes it less carbonated and has a more smooth flavor to it.
The atmosphere is great.  I was there with a friend and she said that during snow storms they have been open.  With a wood burning fireplace in the dining area, it makes Race Street Cafe the perfect spot on a cold winter day.  Although I haven't tried it, with their windows giving a good view to the outside, winter days at the cafe probably go well with an Irish Coffee in hand with their fire and windows in view.
Recommended for anyone who likes either good brews or good bar food or both.Great place to have a late dinner on a Saturday night!
We were apartment searching in the area and before we knew it we need to eat.  Walked up the street to Race St Cafe.
Not too crowded, very charming almost romantic atmosphere (romantic with a bar how much better could it get??)
Don't really remember the beer we hd but I do remember it was different than usual and was delicious.  I was pleasantly surprised when I asked our serve for recommendations and she gave an extremely detailed and lovely description!
BF had the pulled pork whihc was fantastic!  The bbq sauce was definitely not bottled and had some saucy coleslaw on top.  Fries were crsipy and came with some sort of condiment on the side which was tasty.
I had one of the specials- Mac and Cheese with Stewed tomatoes and a salad on the side.  I can't remember the last time I had such a tasty side salad.  Mac and Cheese was very creamy and warm with lightly seasoned tomatoes on top.  Great blend!
Wanted to try desert and signed we decided to move in 3 blocks from there- we will be back!The first time I went it was good. Went back again recently and "eh". My friend ordered the turkey burger which comes with guacamole on the sandwich. It was very hard for him manage, very messy given there was quite a bit. That might be something best put on the side vs on the burger itself. 
I ordered the brisket on a gluten free bun. I asked for the bun to be toasted and it barely was, and it was VERY dry and too large for the little brisket they put on the sandwich. I ended up slicing off about 2/3 of the top of the bun as I simply couldn't bite into it. I appreciate you all having the option available, it's why I go, but a different option should be considered. It also wasn't hot when came out, the cheese had started to congeal, definitely had been sitting in the kitchen a bit.Excellent place to grab a pint of rotating beer. The nachos weren't anything special but hit the spot after four or five beers. The staff was lively and on top of my table always making sure we were taken care of-- much appreciated!
Definitely would recommend as a great spot to knock a few drinks back with friends and I plan on going back!I will say that in all fairness, this review is based on a visit during Memorial Day weekend when the restaurant seemed understaffed.  Perhaps, at another time, when they are ready to serve at capacity the overall experience would be better.
We came in a group of seven and were able to secure an outside table.  With our minds set on food and drink, we sat and quickly ordered nachos and wings to start.  When our apps came, they were quickly devoured because well, we were hungry.
Next, we ordered main courses.  No one got anything crazy or made modifications to their ordered entrees.  Unfortunately, I believe it took nearly an hour for our sandwiches to arrive.  During that period of time, we never saw our waiter and I even had to go inside at one point to find him just to ask about ordering another round of drinks.
Finally, our food did arrive and I have to say that I really found the roast pork sandwich pretty poor.  I'm not sure how roast pork gets to the texture of the way it was served to me but it was.  I was very unimpressed.
After the check was dropped off, we sat for a long while and didn't see our server.  I took it upon myself to take the bill and the cards inside to save our server the trip.  He informed me that they only will separate a bill on at most 3 cards.  That philosophy is not conducive for groups.
I'm not making any plans to return to this place.  While I'm not opposed to dining here again, it's not on my short list.The food here is awesome and the design of the place has that modern, cozy feel with trendy split-level seating and a fully stocked bar.  This is a 5 star Breakfast/Lunch place and I'm a very accomodating person but our server was just not good; she was nice, but that only goes so far. . The place wasn't that crowded at all and she messed up about 3 different things at different times throughout the meal I had with a buddy of mine.  Whether it was completely forgetting about a drink I ordered, or bringing out the wrong sides, she was just in her own little world and I felt like she just wanted to get us in and out.
That being said, the menu is like no other brunch menu I've seen; it's very heavy with fried egg selections, but they prepare them in such unique entrees, they all have their own personal flare and sounded so appetizing.  I wasn't a fan of the fact that during brunch hours (10am-4pm Sat-Sun I believe) you can only order from the selected brunch menu, I was dying to try some of the nachos but I couldn't complain too much because the Brunch menu did have a decent selection to choose from.  I went with the Spanish Burger--A combination of ground beed and chorizo sausage grilled to perfection with melted manchengo cheese and fries topped with sauteed onions, jalepenos and mixed cheese.  
It was incredible, cooked perfectly, and every bite tasted better than the last.  The egg covered the whole sandwich too, so each bite had the same flavor consistency throughout the meal.  For only $10.50 w/ Fries, this is one of the best burgers I've had in Olde City.  Topped it off with a nice Allagash White too, one of my favorite beers to top off a burger or fish&chips. 
Can't wait to check this place out again! Although I was reading some other reviews about the dinner options not being anything better than typical bar food, I'm willing to give them a shot since this was far from just a "typical" brunch outing.I really like Race Street Cafe. My husband and I discovered the place when we were living in Old City. The food is really good (the burgers, chili nachos..). The only thing lacking is the service.  You do have to seat yourself (and they don't make it clear when you walk in). It also may take awhile before the waiter comes by to acknowledge you or even take your drink order. I remember many times having to flag the waiter down to put in our food order! And the check.. that also takes a long time to get. So give yourself a lot of time if you go during a busy time. The atmosphere is nice, the food and drinks are good. They just don't have excellent service.In here on a packed Friday night.  I guess that's why 1* has to be removed, because it's a shame it is so small.  It often makes getting a table a real effort.
We arrived at 7:30 with a party of 7.  Server was quick to come and find us at the bar and ask if we wanted a table.  When we told him we were a 7, he said at least a 2 hour wait so we planned to just have a few drinks and move on.
Now, in a bar tender from Philadelphia being out of the way helpful, he came back 10 minutes later and started discussing how he could move tables around to fit us in.  Another 10 minutes and we had a big table for dinner.  Impressive service.
The beer selection is always interesting and the prices are standard for premium beers.  I had the Southwestern Turkey Burger which was good, everyone else's food looked solid and there weren't any complaints.
Highly recommended, just plan on getting there early on the busier nights if you want to get a table and eat.These boys put together one nice, comfortable place with excellent food and service. Stan (if he's still behind the bar) will keep you entertained and satisfied. If you really want a good time, just ask him what's good and what drinks best with it... he won't steer you wrong. In the winter months, nothing beats hanging  by the woodburning stove. 5 happy, cozy, warm stars.This review is for brunch. The whole vibe of Race St Cafe is unpretentious from the food to the atmosphere. It's a really cozy place with a wood burning fireplace and lots of dark wood. The food is relatively simple yet really delicious. It's a perfect neighborhood spot for a Sunday morning brunch to nurse yourself back to health after a big night out. And almost all of the brunch meals come with tater tots - you can't beat that!I find myself here fairly often, and I don't consider that to be a bad thing in the least. The ambiance is great- its dark and woody with a little fireplace which is perfect for the winter, but the windows open up allowing for fresh air in the summer, and there are tables outside if that's you're groove too.  There's really something for everyone.  The same goes for their beverage selection.  They always have a bunch of great beers on draught which I usually gravitate towards, but if you're my friend who only drinks liquor- they've got you covered.  Same goes for the wine-o's.  I've eaten here a few times too.  It's generally A-OK.  It tries to be very gourmet, but I always find what I get to be very good bar food.  Nothing to write home about, but I certainly don't hate eating there.  It's a good little olde city watering hole within walking distance to the Race Street Pier, and I kinda love it.This is my local brunch of choice. Three words: Huevos San Lucas. It is a giant plate of deliciousness. Who doesn't love good breakfast foods, enjoyed by a real wood fireplace.Super cozy, chill atmosphere and rustic decor. Good rotating tap selection. Tasty plates with veg friendly options. Franklin stove burning for those nippy fall/winter times. Staff is always friendly and conversational.This is the second time I've been to Race Street, and it was a confirmation of my views on the Cafe. The food at Race Street is excellent and they have a large and varied selection of beers, but the service is deplorable! Both times I've eaten here the waitresses have taken forever to do anything. I understand that on a busy night there will be some amount of wait, but it wasn't busy and it took her over 30 minutes to finally come back to pick up our check. 
So, if you have hours to spare you should go, but expect to wait ages for anything.In Philly on business from Austin, Tx.  The bartender at Paddys suggested I give Race Street a try and I am glad he did, great food, awesome beer selection, cool atmosphere, nice staff.  Cant say enough good things about Race St. Cafe!Great beer selection and really yummy food. Fun atmosphere: restored building that overlooks the BF Bridge. We truly enjoyed the special app: fried green tomato stack with feta and balsamic reduction.  Short walk to Festival Pier, so perfect before shows.Go for the vibe, the atmosphere and the beer.  With so many great restaurant options nearby, I usually stop by Race Street when I need a meeting place or good spot to chill out.  
Regardless of season, sit inside unless traffic is light.  It's an open-air dining room during the warm months and, personally, that's my favorite time to go.  I must admit that I have not been there when the fire place is going, which could be pretty sweet.
Good beer selection.  Service is spotty.Popped in for lunch one day. Great service. Yummy food. Carrot cake was especially tasty. Relaxing yet fun ambiance - love the decor. Would like to try one evening when the weather is nice & they have the outer doors all opened up.When I was living in Philadelphia this was the neighborhood spot to go out and have a casual meal and a good pint.  When reviewing I typically do so with the traveler/tourist in mind, so while I love the place I will definitely have to say its inconsistent.  Some nights (or at brunch) the food is simply superb but the next visit it could be very ho-hum.  During the spring & fall months the few outdoors tables are perfect and the interior is great (very homey, dimly lit, and comfortable).  
They do have a great beer list and a solid menu with changing specials.  Pub grub with burgers, pulled pork, quesadillas, wings, calamari, blt, chicken sandwiches, crab melts, etc.   I personally aways go for the spicy southwestern turkey burger which rarely disappoints.  Good brunch spot too with inventive offerings such as smoked salmon pita points (which I love when its on but the past couple times found it underwhelming).  One other drawback is the service which is inconsistent as well (even when they aren't busy).  
So I give it four stars when its on and three stars when its not.  I wouldn't go out of your way to eat here if you're visiting Philadelphia but if you live in Philly, especially in the area, give it a try.Pros:
Location - One of the only bars/restaurants on the Northern Edge of Old City
Burger and Fries - Burger is great, french fries are even better.
Beer - Cool selection, always changing.
Vibe - Laid back, local crowd.
Cons:
Food - Other than the Burger and Fries it's not great. I've tried 5 or 6 different things and most are either bland or not good. Every time I go at least one person at our table thinks their food isn't good. If only they would get the Burger!
No Room - It's small so if it fills up you're outta luck. People tend to take the tables and chill all night.
In Between:
Service - If you're in a hurry or used to "Franchise speed service" don't go here. They're friendly and laid back.  This could be a Pro or a Con depending on what you are looking for. For me it's a Pro, for the missus, a Con.The thing I love the most about the Race Street Cafe is the wood stove they have in the bar.   In the winter, there is nothing better then the slight smell of burning wood.   In the summer they have their two big doors open to let in the fresh air and tables on the side walk.  Equally as awesome as the wood burning stove.  
Their food is pretty good... I only have the Turkey Club, which is FANTASTIC, but I have heard good things about the other selections on the menu.  
It can get pretty crowded in there on the weekends and in the nights, so sometimes we can't get a seat.    But most of the time it isn't a problem.  The outside seating can be in high demand during the summer, so snag a table if possible.   
The staff is generally friendly.   They had a jerkish "I'm just here because my other career hasn't taken off just yet" waiter there for a while, but he hasn't been there for a few weeks.  Maybe his career finally took off.   Heh.
Otherwise, it's a great little place to go to.Good food that is more than your standard pub fare.  Good beer/wine list.  Great atmosphere.  The chili was especially good; I'd order it again.  The roast beef sandwich was delicious.  The turkey burger was just okay.  I'll definitely be back to try more of the menu.The interior of Race Street Cafe was nothing like I had expected. Even in the middle of the day, the place is a little dark with a focus on the bar, which is the first thing you see when you walk in. I wasn't expecting that. I had heard such good things about lunch at the Race Street Cafe, I thought it would be more like a Wedge + Fig kind of place.
Anyway, I loved my lunch there. A generous portion of the special salad, but mixed greens were topped with roasted beets, bacon (the guiltiest pleasure of the day), hard boiled eggs, tomatoes, fried goat cheese, red onion (which I gracefully tossed to the side) and a simple champagne-y vinaigrette. Service was casual- I think the one dude in the place held responsibilities of bartender + server but i didn't mind a bit.  
The menu was not particularly veggie-friendly, but Michelle C's buffalo chicken salad (Zack H's fave) looked delicious. I'll be bringing my boy to try it out in the near future.I can honestly say that I fully agree with everything Kevin R. said about this place.
We came here for a date night about two months ago and I loved it. The food was fantastic, filling and fully worth every well-priced penny. We had a coupon from restaurant.com, but I would gladly go back and pay full-price. The atmosphere is wonderful and our waiter kicked ass. He was very attentive and sweet. 
I honestly can't wait to go back.Love this place! I like the staff and the food. The beer selection is one the best in the neighborhood and they play albums, which is a nice change.Pulling my suitcase on Sat morn from the Courtyard at City Hall to the Comfort Inn at Penns Landing, figured I ate at too many good restaurants the past two weeks since I arrived at Philly, really needed some exercise instead of taking the subway. Had to change from a really nice clean reasonable priced hotel to a overpriced dump that charged almost 2.5x as much, just because every hotel was booked in downtown due to a convention, so Comfort Inn jacked the price up, I had no choice, didn't rent a car and had to stay another week to finish the job. I do have to say the view of Ben Franklin bridge and the water front was very nice, but they really need to do some major work on the hotel, have to get that review up soon.  
Google map was showing Comfort Inn on 3rd and Cherry, so very wrong! I contacted google and they had corrected it since. I wandered that area for 15 min and finally called the hotel for directions, the lady told me to head down Race street and on the other side of the freeway, but informed me the room won't be ready until 1:00, I checked out of Courtyard at 10, and it was even 11 yet, I started toward it anyway since a few drops of rain already made its way to the ground, and I didn't have an umbrella. Going the suggested route was how I chanced upon Race Street Cafe, I quickly lookup Yelp and it did return some good reviews, so a brunch was the perfect way to kill some time. 
I dragged my suitcase up the short flight of stairs, sat myself at the somewhat empty bar near the kitchen opening, the first impression was good, the place was small and intimate, a handful of people already there. Someone must of connected their ipod with his/her collection of Elvis tunes, didn't really fit with the decor, but I kind of liked it, and was surprised how many songs I actually knew. I queried the selection on tap and tried the Sly Fox Abby Ale, maybe I was parched from the walk, but was amazed how good it was. I sat there for a bit looking at the menu and the board's special, not sure what it was at the time, I just couldn't get comfortable.  
Debated a little longer and ended up with the salmon latkes, the special from the board, overheard the kitchen complaint about something after the waiter placed my order in, or maybe it was my imagination. I read the local Metroactive equivalent for a bit before another waitress brought me my plate, they did a good job on the latkes I thought, really hit the spot. For a moment I pictured this place could be a good hangout after work, but it soon lost its appeal when I sat there with my empty plate and empty glass. The staff seemed very friendly toward the other people at the place, but simply ignored me right after dropping off the food. Didn't even come back to see if I wanted another drink or anything else. Did they think I had a chopped up dead body in my suitcase? Was I wearing the wrong color shirt that day? Oh well, definitely didn't feel welcomed, needless to say, didn't go back.Writing this review really bums me out because Race Street used to a favorite. You could count on a great meal and an incredible staff. I'm walking distance to them and it was the default go-to for grabbing a meal and a beer. Now I just walk past them and head up to Market.
Something has been happening at Race Street for the past few months and management needs to get their hands around it quickly before they lose their fan base. The quality of the staff has fallen through the floor and the quality of what comes out of the kitchen has done the same. Beer selection remains outstanding and is the place's only saving grace at this point. Although, with Biersube a few blocks up the street now they can't rely on that either.
This same time last year I'd have raved about them and thrown up a 5 star review without hesitation. But, 2 stars for now. I'd love to revise it at some point down the line. That's up to them though.A great place in the old city. 
I had the Southwest Turkey Burger with guacamole.  Very tasty and filling.  It came with fries but I upgraded to the sweet potato fries for a very small fee. 
They have a nice selection of beers. 
The atmosphere is very neighborly. They were busy during my visit but it didn't hinder the service.This place is garbage and it starts with the staff. I wish I could like this place (as I'm sure other Old City residents do) because it is close to home but they do nothing right. Not true, they can pour beer, but do not eat here. Wings, burger, fries, salad, all the simple things you would think most places would get right - but they don't....'Very nice pub atmosphere with low lighting, but slightly loud music. (They were perfectly willing to turn it down when we asked.) 5 of us were eating:
Chicken roulade--very tasty with a good herb crust. Came with very mild garlic mashed potatoes.
Grilled chicken sandwich--"met my expectation of a chicken sandwich at a pub" according to my sister's boyfriend. The accompanying french fries were crispy and very tasty.
Stuffed trout--my dad's choice from the specials menu; he considered it very good...so good that he ate it all before I could con him out of a bite.
Duck spring rolls--Mom made dinner out of this appetizer item, but found them rather disappointing. The duck was somewhat oily and lacked the vegetables one normally expects in spring rolls. She was glad it came with a small green salad.
Veal ravioli--my own choice from the specials menu. Tasty, with a good sauce that mopped up well with the 2 pieces of french bread that came on the plate.
Service was good and very friendly. We were offered tastings of several of the 12 microbrews they had on tap. 
BONUS: Just around the corner from the restaurant is Mr. Barstool, a bar supply store. Life-size statues of Jake & Elwood Blues, Charlie Chaplin, and Elvis were arranged outside, perfect for photographing!Terrible service, terrible food.  Had the two petite bacon wrapped filets.  One of the two petite filets was really bad.  Tasted spoiled.  I had already eaten the first, which was okay. Had I started on the bad one first, I would have immediately left.  The waiter/bartender was a bit defensive.  Had he tasted the filet, I am sure that he would have apologized. Yuck!!!!Came here for dinner last night with a group of friends, and had a great time.  It's definitely a bar scene and the music was loud (a bit too loud for my liking) but hey - this isn't fine dining, so I can't complain too much.  
I had the Quinoa Napolean, which was VERY VERY good.  It's a kind of entree I would expect at a much nicer restaurant, not at a bar.  Everyone else at the table was happy as well -- my hubby liked his veggie burger, and my friends had the chicken salad which they really liked.
For dessert, we split the bread pudding which was really yummy.
I'm taking off a star because of the terribly slow and inattentive service.  We waited 30 minutes to even get water to the table.  I think they were understaffed, but that's still not an excuse to bring water.
This is a great spot in the neighborhood and if you go there to eat, definitely order the quinoa dish!Wandering around Philly on a vacation day. Looked up burgers on Yelp and this place was close. Great choice!!  My fiancé got a burger and I had the special - shrimp po boy.  OMG. it was great!  My po boy had a crab spread with cornmeal encrusted shrimp. Yummy sauce and the bread was great! . So good! Will be back when we're in Philly.   Great atmosphere. Laid back and chill. Really liked it.Back when I was in the full throws of dating, a guy brought me to Race Street Cafe.  I don't remember his name, I don't remember much about the cafe, what I ordered, the service, etc.  Last night I hit up the same place with a friend, and though I don't remember much about the first time I was there, I had some definite déjà vu.  
For someone who drinks beer but doesn't really care what she's drinking as long as it tastes good, Race Street Cafe has a good selection.  I took my recommendation from my friend's roommate, but when they were out of the beer my friend wanted to order, the bartender was happy to suggest some similar brews and bring her some samples.
I wasn't that hungry (read: I wanted to fill my gut with beer rather than food), so I ordered the roasted duck spring rolls from the appetizer menu.  The plate came out with three good-sized, crispy, full rolls, a side of dipping sauce, and a side salad made of mixed greens, carrot, tomato and a peanutty dressing.  I loved, loved, loved it and cleared my plate of all but half of the last spring roll, which, due to the two very tall glasses of wheat beer, there was no room for.
Also at my table were the scallops special, which was served over an amazing risotto, and the spicy southwestern turkey burger, which I didn't try, but my friend loves it so much she orders it every time she goes there.
I really liked the atmosphere of Race Street Cafe.  I can see why a date would have taken me here... It's a little dark, relaxed, has a decent beer selection and great food.  If you want to prolong your date, you won't mind the fact that the service is slow; more time to make gaga eyes at each other and come up with awkward first date conversation.  However, I wasn't on a date this time, and the lack of attention is my reason for the lost star.This place is a hidden gem in Philly.  Great atmosphere and wonderful service.  Came here for brunch and what a great choice.  Started off with a mimosa...okay two of them. Followed with the Sunday Brunch with the Crab meat Frittata with tots, not from the night club last night, lol!  Really good start to the Sunday morning.
I'd love to come back here in the winter and sit by the fireplace and kickback with good food and drinks!  Service here rocks!Great choice of beer and food. The place is half bar and half tables.    The bar tenders work both.Chill, neighborhood gem. 
The menu is fresh and creative and the draft selection always has something for everyone.  They do an excellent job of offering a broad selection of draft beer - something to please any palate. As a beer lover,  I also appreciate that they always have a cask beer available. 
For food, they have hearty dishes, light dishes, and gluten free options. The Smoked Salmon Salad is great when you're looking for something light but if you're really hungry, go for the Oinker. Yeah, the food doesn't come out as fast as some places, but it's made fresh.We have completely stopped coming here for 2 years now. We banned this place! My husband was 29 years old at the time and I was 28 and we came on a Saturday night after the Phillies game. The bartender refused service and kicked us out because he thought that my husband's license was fake. We were already in there that morning with 2 of our friends for brunch, drinking bloody marys! We live around the corner and brought back our passports but the bartender said "so what?" He still refused to serve us. It was beyond embarrassing! My husband and I are locals to Old City and we used to come here once a week for over a year. We used to bring business by taking our visitors here on weekends and recommended to other locals and tourists. We also work in Old City. I've written a letter to the owner and included a photocopy of a PA license descriptions from a license/ID manual. The bartenders need a general knowledge first of ID's. We've been coming here for a year!!!! Helloooooo!!! Get to know your local customers! If we were under age, why would we come to a restaurant ambience in Old City? I'd go to a club on a Saturday night. We will NEVER go back! We will give our business to other bars whose bartenders will not insult us.What can I say?  Been here 3 times and sadly today will be last.  Stopped by after an amazing day seeing The Pope at Independence Mall.  Every time we've gone we've been served by the asian female waitress.  Just the absolute worse.  I'm not asking my server to fawn all over me but Geez, have a little personality, you're in the service industry.  On top of that she proceeds to pet a dog outside then doesn't wash her hands before serving more food!  Look, I love dogs, have been know to let mine lick my face all over but come on, you're serving food!  Shame as burgers there not bad.  Will look elsewhere.Great food, great atmosphere, great beer/wine list, but spotty service.  Its a great spot in the winter because of the fireplace, and cool in the summer.  The Crab melt was good, but our waitress seemed to ignore us and be bored with us.  Great if you are in the area!I live right around the corner from Race Street Cafe and love going. I've had all sorts of items there including their brunch menu items, lunch, dinner, and seasonal specials. They have a great rotating menu which is exciting since I go there frequently. The vibe there is my favorite part. The servers there are great too. I've had two different guys consistently who are always on top of things. Food is always hot when it comes out. Beer list is pretty extensive. The entire menu is reasonably priced. Highly recommend!Great beer and food. I would recommend their brisket- it is amazing!! I wish they had a happy hour but definitely a good spot to bring friends and enjoy a drink/meal. Like others have said it's very cozy inside! It can sometimes get crowded on the weekends but usually a nice atmosphere.Intimate, dim place. Great for dates. Ricotta gnocchi (vegetarian) was excellent. My date got the orecchiette, which was too cheesy for me and tasted a bit weird. Service was friendly but quite slow - if you don't get their attention, they'll forget about you.Went here for brunch based on a restaurant.com gift certificate. Turned out to be an awesome surprise. First, despite what the name says, its a bar, which was awesome. Not like a stupid bar, just a great little whole in the wall with tons of great beer and a nice atmosphere. (I particularly like the wood burning stove smell, not being sarcastic at all, it wasn't over bearing, and really gave the place a great feel.)
The food was unique and delicious! We started with the buffalo wings, which as a wing connoisseur, I must say were something special. They were the perfect mix of spicy and sweet. There is some ingredient in there, that I was trying to pinpoint and at one point I could have swore it was chocolate, but whatever it was, it was different and tasted great. 
Next I had the Eggs Bennedict with tater tots. THEY CAME WITH TATTER TOTS!!! I loved that, and haven't had them in forever. The Eggs Bennedict w/ steak was cooked perfectly. 
Only thing bad I have to say was the service was a little slow, but by no means bad at all. Just a couple times I could have used a new drink a little quicker. I'm definitely looking forward to heading back to this place to try dinner and possibly for going out on a weekend with a group for a nice bar.This was more like a comfortable pub than a cafe on the night I went. They have an eclectic selection of taps, but the ones I ordered were all delightful. The food was also really good. I had what they deem a Crab Melt, that was well seasoned and tastey. My lovely date for the evening had a burger, and I wish I could remember what kind it was to recommend it to you folk. At any rate it had guacamole on it, and the burger had the best spicy seasoning I've ever had on a burger. This place is great for hanging out and drinking with buds, or nice dates.Ate here for lunch after it was recommended by the friendly hotel staff while we were staying in the city for one night. Had the steak salad and was not disappointed. The steaks were cooked perfectly.  Selected a flight of brews and enjoyed them all.  The atmosphere has a great feel and I wish this cafe was in my hometown.  Do yourself a favor and try this little place out.Good beer, good food. A little cramped when you're trying to squeeze six people into a four top without pissing off management, but the food and beer makes it worth the close atmosphere. I had a pint of Bar Harbor Blueberry and the Spicy Southwestern Turkey Burger. Both were delicious, delightful, and de-lovely, the whole bit. Even the fries were amazing. Looks like a good place to get a "step above" your normal pub fare. There sandwiches are reasonably priced, the staff is attentive, and I definitely wouldn't mind going back and trying the Crab Melt that my date said was delicious!I can't say it was a great meal. not horrible, but I wouldn't go back personally.
We sat outside and the waitress kept addressing us and the table next to us at the same time (very strange). She messed up the table on the other side of us' order. Even though we had a pretty simple order I think we waited a good 30 minutes or so for our food.
My boyfriend ordered a cheeseburger plain and cheese fries, he got a cheeseburger with everything on it and plain fries (no cheese). I got blueberry pancakes - the blueberries were pretty tasteless and the middle of the pancake was uncooked.
It was fairly cheap though, so I'm not mad or anything, but I can't say I'd go back.One of my favorite places. Great food. Comfort, bar food. But better. Lots of beers to choose from and a great wine selection. It's a neighborhood bar for those who live in old city. But not an old city hang out. People from Jersey don't go here. It's adorable. The only reason I can't give it 5 stars. The service isn't the best. Sometimes it's awful.Great, hidden bar/restaurant in Old City.  The revolving specials are almost always spot-on, as is their ever-changing beer selection.   The cozy wood-burning stove and random streetlamp (inside) set a nice, chill atmosphere.  Regular menu favorites are the quinoa breakfast stack(brunch), chili, & moroccan lamb burger.
Pros: good music & atmosphere, off the beaten track (limited tourists), great beer menu & food specials
Cons: Waitstaff can be spotty, especially if you're there on a Sunday evening.nice, as bars go.  i've been there twice and never had any food, and was very pleased.  a casual atmosphere and good beer selection, with a few TVs for watching a game.So, for me, about the best thing going for the Race Street Cafe is that sometimes there are seats available at the outdoor tables, and one can relax and catch a few rays of the sun at the end of the day, with one of the many cold, delicious beverages on the menu.  And the food (we enjoyed the lamb burger and caesar salad) was more than passable.  The waitstaff, on the other hand, on that day and at that hour, was downright surly.  Whether it was simply the end of a long hard day, or the beginning of a evening shift, the waitress at times seemed to forget we were outside and when she recalled, seemed to feel it was doing us a favor to take our orders.  Race Street Cafe is not an inexpensive spot to eat, and even if it styles itself a pub - customers deserve to be treated with respect and timeliness...sorry Race Street Cafe, I'll spend my food dollars elsewhere.False advertising. Nothing like always sunny. Reaks of smoke. No food and slow service. $20 minimum for credit cards.After seeing the Dave Matthews Band concert over at the Susquehanna Bank Center a little while back, we took the ferry across the Delaware late at night. Starving and exhausted, he recommended Race Street. Race Street starts their late night menu at 11pm and runs until 1am. 
Off of this menu I can easily recommend the three meat chili (it was great) and the sweet and spicy wings. 
During the dinner time hours, I can recommend the pulled pork bbq sandwich.
I cannot comment on the negative views of the service because the two times I have gone here, it wasn't a problem for me. 
I would gladly go back to Race StreetGreat beer and wine, amazing service - the food can be good or just okay depending on what you order.  We go back for the location, atmosphere and service.  It's nice to find a place in old city to just grab a beer and enjoy a beautiful day.The food is good, but pair that with the ability to try 5 different beers in a flight, 10 if you stay a bit, and it makes this a great place.   I wish more places in old city did this, it's a fun time.  I love the Lambic and have tasted the Shipyard Melonhead ( would not have tried that as a full glass) and it opened my eyes and palate.A small, charmingly dark cafe bar with some tasty food options. I ordered the Veal Dumplings which were much more like Chinese dumplings than Italian ravioli.  Despite the meat-heavy dish, I really liked it - the porcini/marsala sauce was delicious and the dish was just the right size to fill me up.I tried to like the place, I really did.
I live steps away from this restaurant, and I have visited a few times since moving to Old City. They do have a great beer selection and a dark, pub atmosphere. It's nice to come with another person over a drink. 
My problems have come from the service. The first time I went, there was a problem splitting my check (we were just splitting it on two cards) and it was a mess to sort out. However, that is totally forgivable. 
The second time my boyfriend and I went, it was for brunch on New Year's day. The place was really crowded and we expected to have a bit of a wait for our food, but it got to the point where the two of us were getting way too hangry for our own good, and our drinks weren't being refilled which didn't help. When we got our breakfast, I was satisfied, but my boyfriend found that there was too little on his plate, so we had to eat again when we got home. 
The third and last time we went (which will unfortunately be the last) was on one of the days where there had been a snow storm. We went for dinner and again, waited way too long for our food. Our waitress saw that, and bought us a round of beer, which was totally cool of her. We were in no rush (nor were we hangry either!) but when I got my fish tacos, I scarfed them down. I apparently shouldn't have chosen a fish dish, because the next day I got so incredibly sick from food poisoning-and I'll leave it at that. 
So, I want to like the place, and I have given it a few tries, but I don't want to risk going there again.I just came here for dessert and while the current Yelp menu listings are wrong (they don't do cheesecake of the day anymore), they did their bread pudding right! The lone bartender was friendly and played Trivial Pursuit with us and the draft beer list made for the perfect selection for a sweet nightcap. What else can you ask for on a Tuesday night!Rock solid beer selection and great pub food. Nice neighborhood bar.So a bunch of us went here last night, solely because it was close to an event we were at.  Upon first glance the bar looked warm and inviting. But unfortunately the bartender and waitress were FAR from that.  I've never in my life been treated with more disrespect by the staff at a bar.  I guess too much business is overwhelming and unwanted at this place. The girl server was so incredibly rude.  She didn't even ask us once, all night, if we needed anything.  She only yelled at us for getting in her way.  So ridiculous. And then, when we were forced to go to the battened for help he wanted nothing to do with us.  In the future we'll all just go to any other bar in the area.  There's plenty that appreciate customers and business. Too bad for Race street cafe because we like to spend money.Had one of the best brunches ever here when my husband and I stumbled in by accident. I had a quiche with salad that was exactly what I wanted. Good Sunday place in old city.Solid neighborhood bar with excellent food and rotating specials.  We go here for brunch a couple times a month - the food is good and reasonably priced ($7-9) for most options.  It's also a casual, friendly place to go for lunch or dinner - great sandwiches, salads, and entree options.
Service can be slow depending on how busy they are, so don't plan on getting in and out quickly, but the staff is always friendly and helpful.I've been in a number of times, it's my go to when I'm looking for a reliable meal in Old City. Great wait staff, great beers, good food! If you're looking for a casual pub-like dinner, this is your spot. Love it when we can snag a table on the sidewalk.***BEWARE*** 
Keep a copy of your bill, and check your bank statements after dining at this place. My card was charged an extra $27 on my $30 bill for no reason at all, and when i confronted a manager about it i was told the extra money would be refunded to me (which it sill hasn't)It was a great bar filled with great beers of all kind. We had dinner there that night and it was extremely good. The steak sandwich was out of this world. Definitely on our short list of 5 best bars in Philly. I highly reccomend Race Street Cafe if you are looking for a  warm, cozy & friendly bar/restaurant.Was there yesterday for a late lunch on a beer crawl from NoLibs to South Philly and we stopped at RSC for some wings and beers and we are glad we did. Nice selection of beers on tap, the wings were some of the best I've had. The were perfectly cooked, had a nice crisp on them and were sauced nicely but not with a puddle at the bottom.  I live not too far from here we will definitely be back.For brunch, Race Street Cafe is nothing more (and nothing less) than a diner with a nice beer selection. My boyfriend and I went on a weekend morning and were seated right away. He ordered the orange French toast, which was fine but came with that fake "pancake syrup" rather than maple syrup. I ordered eggs poached medium, and the yolk was so runny that I had to move my tater tots to a separate plate to keep them from drowning. (To be fair, I have encountered this issue at several restaurants in Philly and have since vowed to stop ordering poached eggs.) Our meals came with a sad fruit salad of unripe melon, pineapple, and one or two strawberry slices. The coffee was also too weak for my taste. 
If you're in the neighborhood and craving a diner breakfast, Race Street Cafe is not a bad choice, but foodies will be disappointed.I enjoyed the brisket sandwich and a beer.  Nice place, and good service.Nice place to hang out but the food could use some improvement. The Race Street Cafe has a nice selection of beers and the staff is friendly. The first time out I had the buffalo shrimp. Basically just shrimp with hot sauce, but it was tasty and not overly filling. The next time I had food I split the calamari. I enjoyed the cauliflower with the dish, but the calamari itself was tough.Great food and excellent beer selection. Service is blah. Be wary of the attitude that some of the wait and bar staff have.Hands down one if my favorites in the city. Great food, friendly and fun staff and all around great place. My only complaint is the fries, the new ones suck change them back to the old ones.Race Street Cafe is a great neighborhood bar just off the beaten track in old city which is great if you want to spend a more relaxed night with friends close by.  Its dim lighting and cozy setting makes it an ideal place to get a drink with friends and enjoy a delicious meal.  They have a great beer selection and a good range of food.  My favorites are the burger here (with a great selection of toppings) and the mussels are also really good too (spicy with chorizo in the broth).  This place is small and intimate and always has a consistent crowd (especially on the weekends).  
But once you're seated, it doesn't feel crowded at all and really just has an intimate feel about it that makes it an ideal neighborhood bar that you will be coming back to time and time and again.My friend, turned new mom, needed to get out of the house, and since Race Street is near by, we went here.
At 6:30 we walked in and there was a drunk girl screaming at the top of her lungs. Luckily, she left fairly quickly, and the vibe was pretty laid back and casual after that.
Race street is cozy, with the wood burning stove, and general atmosphere. They have a pretty extensive beer list, and list the ABV of each, however, don't tell you how much each beer costs, so you could potentially be in for an unpleasant surprise.
Vegans, beware. There is nothing on the menu for you. 
We decided to split the nachos, no meat, and the gardenburger. The guac and pico on the nachos were both delicious. The gardenburger came on a fluffly pita, which made the sandwich. Our sever lets us do half sweet potato fries and half regular. The regular were good, but sweet potato was the clear winner for me.  Accompanying our meal, were honey mustard and an aoili. The aoili was awesome and had a Asian flavor to it that I couldn't pinpoint. If anyone can figure it out, let me know!
I had been to Race Street once before, and it was not anything worth remembering, but based on this experience I'd go back.My wife and I try not to visit the same place twice. However, we keep returning to Race Street Cafe. We love the lamb burger and the huevos rancheros for brunch is great.  Lots of beer on tap and even a few casks. On a nice fall, with the large windows open and curbside seating, it's hard to beat the atmosphere. It's also right next door, which helps.We just happened upon this place when a nice lady saw us looking for another bar that had shut down (I was shattered when she told me)...but she recommended Race Street, and I have to say that we were all pleasently surprised! 
There is a great atmosphere, good amout of seating space with a bar. They have a great little fireplace up near the front and a street lamp right in the middle of the floor, so cool.
Thier drink selection was great (didn't see much by name for wines, just standard Chard, Merlot, Malbec etc.) but they have a great beer selection. 
Their food was amazing, the wings, sweet potatoe fries, calamari (with jalapenos fried up with it) and the turey burger were just delicious! The service was really great, and they were really busy right after we go there, but our server did her best and we had a great time
I will definitely be back as I just love these out of the way, laid back, cool to hang out and talk kind of places.This is the place to go for great beer, good food and great service.  As a local I keep coming back because the bartenders are attentive and very knowledgeable about the ever changing beer menu.   I always take out of towners here and they are never disappointed.   Great burgers, mussels, grilled cheese, and great specials.  Check it out.They have an amazing brisket sandwich here. I'd suggest getting it without the cheese, the brisket is so good I feel you don't need anything else on the roll. They also have a decent section of craft beers.Living in Old City, one gets pretty tired of the $25 a plate, don't come in our restaurant unless you have on your designer jeans, we only serve gimmicky food with fancy names vibe. Race Street Cafe is a breath of fresh air. It's homey and cozy with a fire in the winter and huge open windows and outdoor seating in the summer. The bar is large and serves up a great selection of beers. 
The food is what keeps me coming back. I've never tried anything here I didn't like. It might not be gourmet, but it is consistent. If I  had to pick a favorite section it would hands down be the sandwiches. They've got everything from the classics to some more adventurous options. Their fries are perfect and are served with ketchup and a delicious garlicky mayo that I can't get enough of. 
It does have a few little annoyances. Evenings on the weekend can be quite crowded and make it difficult to get a table. I don't think their apps and salads quite have the right ratio of portion to price. Service can be a bit slow and disorganized so I wouldn't recommend it if you're on a schedule, but that's part of what makes it great. Servers are always friendly though. They easily accommodated my boyfriend's one year old nephew on a Saturday night and no one batted an eyelash at the flying Gerber star puffs. They even rushed us an order of fries to keep him occupied.
Race Street is the perfect neighborhood hangout. Good environment, good food, good beer. My boyfriend and I eat here at least once a month. And our bill? Almost always under $25 for sandwiches and sodas. Where else can you do that in Old City?Loved this little restaurant bar.  Esp the exposed brick inside.  Obsessed with the fall sangria. So much that I tried to recreate it to no avail. The others on my group had great meals that I sampled (the Croque Madame and eggs Benedict) but my chicken Caesar salad was kinda meh. I'd still go back though I just would t get that salad again.Decent place. I think the name cafe throws you off. Its a bar. I had the race st burger. It was just a regular burger. Tried my friends pad thai. Doesnt tastes like your normal pad thai, definitely americanized. Good place to go to grab late meal.I wonder if Donna H and I went on the same night, because the exact same thing happened to us. I went here before, and LOVED it.  This time the service was beyond awful. The server did not even introduce himself, instead he pointed to us for our orders. He did not come over ONCE to refill our drinks or water, and did not ask us how the food was.  It took him over 15 minutes to get the check, and did not crack a smile the whole time.  The food was very good, but the service really spoiled the meal and the atmosphere. What a bummer!Local pub always a favorite for brunch. The Huevos San Lucas are a must have and the variety of draughts are are always changing with the seasonsFirst day I moved to philadelphia this is where I ate for dinner.  It was terrible, and I was really disappointed.  The waitress was rude and pretty much didn't even come to our table because she thought we were two college girls who would't tip her well.  I am SO glad I didn't let that keep me from going back.  
My sister came to visit me this past week and we went there for Saturday morning brunch, it was AMAZING.  We both had the spanish dishes, and they were so good.  Very unique and not too filling.  The bartender who was acting as our server bc we opened up the restaurant was extremely nice and probably the nicest I've seen in Philly.  It isn't expensive, and still offers the old city charm.  I would recommend anyone to eat hear for brunch.
Summary- Brunch is 5 stars for service and taste. Dinner is a whole different animal....Pro: distinct atmosphere, beer selection, location
Neutral:food (crab salad was deece), service
Con: waits and elbow rom at barFood is amazing. Bartenders are friendly. Sometimes the service is a little slow but I love going there.We have been here a number of times. The staff is always friendly and attentive.
It can take a little bit to get food but it's generally worth it. The sandwiches are wonderful.
Try the wing too they are great.Had a hot roast beef sandwich last week.  Good solid food.  Not quite gastropub like a lot of the spots around town, but better than average bar food, even for Philly.I have a gluten allergy and it's really hard to find lunch food that doesn;t make me sick and that tastes good.  The gluten free burger bun is the best I've ever had.  So good.  I will be eating a lot of lunches here.;.Excellent craft beer selection.  Cozy atmosphere with the wood-burning stove.  Friendly service from the bartenders.  Stopped in here for the first time on a whim Saturday night and was very pleasantly surprised :-)  This will definitely be added to my list of go-to's for good beer in my 'hood.I've been here twice and have to say, it's a great place.  First time I visited I was rolling solo and had some time to kill before meeting up with a friend.  I was looking for a specific thing and it seemed impossible to find in this neighborhood (or city)  I wanted to drink quality beverages, snack on quality food and read a book in peace.  I went into quite a few places in Olde City before finding Race St. Cafe.  Most were too dark to read or too small/rowdy to be comfortable chilling by myself.  
Race St was great.  First time there I found a small table near the back under a perfect light for reading.  Many of my fav beers/spirits and friendly staff.  Came back a few weeks later with friend on an absolutely freezing night.  Sat next to the REAL wood stove and received excellent customer service from the bar tender who also came out to serve  us.  He was attentive, friendly, helpful with choices and best of all when my friend and I were chatting away and the bar was closing, he didn't kick us out, didn't turn on the light, didn't drop the check... he just let us be.  As friend and I are both industry, we didn't overstay our welcome, but we appreciated the respectful treatment. 
I loved the mushroom soup - very rich and satisfying without being thick or heavy.Went here for a late night dinner and had the seasonal sangrias, nachos, and shepards pie. Everything was delicious, service was fast and friendly, atmosphere was good. Will definitely go again.I've always been a supporter. September - March, it's a pretty cool spot on account of the fireplace. The burgers are outstanding, the BBQ sandwich, not so much. This is a cool atmosphere on sight, but it also feels like a terrible/impossible bar to meet new people. 
I've heard good things about their brunch, but summers have come and gone, and I've never tried. All I know is this is one of the few olde city spots I can claim... and though I'd never set foot in here on an "on night", I think it'll please newcomers.Good food. Buffalo chicken is amazing. Beer was good. I recommend and I will be back next time I am in the cityLove the beer selection. Good Food specials, very good Turkey Burger.  Good ambiance, local art on the walls.  
A quaint place to meet friends, eat decent food. Neighborhood bar +A great little place in near historical district.   Varied menu offers something for everyone.   I had the scallop special and it was fantastic.   To top it off it was priced at around 14$ which makes it one of the best values I've ever had.  The meal consisted of fried bay scallops atop a potato pancake which was sitting in a corn cream sauce.  It looked great and tasted better.   My table also ordered fish tacos, a vegie quinoa dish, and a shrimp quesidilla and all were happy.   Good beer selection as well.   No handicap access.like this place a lot, warm and inviting the food is good, not over the top but when your looking for a upscale homey experience  this is the place , service is always good and a great selection on tap, owners are friendly as wellA gastropub (not a fan of that word but it fits) with a wooden bar and interior with dim lighting and eclectic music playing in the background, so the stage is set - right?  Not really.
The menu on Yelp was wrong, and I was expecting much more from this place.
Server was abrupt, feigned friendly especially at tip time, and out of character for the place.  So so mostly bar food with a few entree specials and desserts.
I'm glad that I did not have the bad experience some of the Reviewers had here, especially the one posted on 4/17/15.
Place has potential.
(2 1/2 stars and the extra 1/2 is for the ambience.)Cool place for a laid back evening.
Have eaten here twice and all the meals were fine. They have a better than average beer selection.
The service impressed me. My girlfriend and I just wanted a beer and some fries. The place was crowded and the bar was full. The server gave us one of her tables and never pushed us to eat it and beat it. I thought that showed a lot of class on her part. Tipped as if we had had dinner just to say thanks for no pressure.
I wouldn't go across town just to get there, but if you're east it's worth at least a try! 
Good job Race Street!I walked in here early on a weekend evening with a group of four.  There were two high tops available and one regular table available, but the latter was overrun by another larger group sitting next to it and was not an option for us.  The two high tops were next to each other, so my group pushed them together.  We were brashly informed that it was against the restaurant policy to do so, even though we were not blocking any aisles and would have been, in fact, freeing up central floor space for wait staff to maneuver.  We were not given any logic behind the decision, but the bartender was insistent.  As one member of my party was expecting and we could not wait for a proper table to free up, we were forced to leave, and the restaurant lost the sale.  It is a shame, because I had been so looking forward to trying their great draft selection and sampling their food upon others' recommendations, but instead now, they have lost a customer due to poor customer service--which seems to be a recurring theme on other Yelp reviews.  What a shame, but perhaps I have been saved an overall negative experience by only scratching the surface of the staff's personality.Race Street is one of those places that I often forget exists, which is a shame.  They have a decent beer selection including Delerium Tremens and some other great Belgians in bottles.  They usually have a German beer or two on draft and a nice selection of microbrews.  The wine wasn't bad either, even though I don't think it's a huge selection.  
The bar itself is big and classy--very substantial with comfy bar stools.  The food is really good.  I've had chile, a burger, a steak salad and one mean as hell bloody mary.  I also like the outdoor cafe seating because it means you can bring your beer outside if you want to smoke a cigarette.  My favorite thing, though, is the view of the bridge.  I love that bridge.Excellent bar and grill and great table service. Good options were varied with more than simple burger and fries, though they have that too.  I'll be bacvIn my opinion, the food is good but not great. The brisket is tender and the mashed potatoes good.
The service was not good at all. We had to wait a lot for the food and the two servers never came to ask if we needed something.I love this place.  Pretty solid beer menu (with solid glassware), very good bar food  (Buffalo Chicken sandwich is one of the best around) and a fantastic ambiance inside.  They have a wood burning stove so this place is a must on a cold, snowy night.  They also have outdoor seating for the warmer months, making it my outdoor drinking destination in the summer.  One thing i wish they did...  I wish they listed the beer prices on the menu.  I like knowing what everything costs before the check arrives.  Also most beers top out around the 7-8 % abv., so it'd be nice to see some heavier offerings from them in the 10%+ range (as most beer bars do).  All in all I love the place!This place really has nothing going for except for a pretty good beer list.  The food is good, but the service is horrendous.  My wife and I often feel as if we are invisible as drinks go unfilled, plates uncleared, checks un-brought-en.  It is the most convenient restaurant to our house, and we tried to give it as many opportunities as possible, returning 4 times.  We were constantly disappointed.  We have made a promise to eachother that we will not give into convenience and walk the extra blocks to Standard Tap or North Third.Service has improved! Latest great experience was with a group of 5 on a Saturday night. Great food, excellent beer choices as always--but also friendlier, kinder, more attentive service than I've experienced in the past. Seen this improvement now for about 4 visits, after several years of finding service otherwise (but remaining loyal for good reason, as noted). Is it possible that they read my feedback? I get this feeling they heard that plea. Hey, you respond, I respond: THANK YOU. You folks continue to rock. Happy TG.I have a certain fondness for Race Street that I'm not sure I can place.  It's a little divey (dark and full of mostly locals), yet it's super clean and has some decent food offerings.  They offer a pretty good burger that is cheaper than most other options in Old City.  
They also have a good-sized draft list, with some unique beers.  I was pleasantly impressed than when we asked about one of the beers, but then ordered a different one, our waitress still brought us out a taste of the first one.
Just note that their happy hour is a late night happy hour rather than from 5-7.Love this place... go here almost every weekend for brunch. Staff is great, super friendly and the food is really good and I think priced decently, especially compared to other places in Old City. Orange french toast is awesome for brunch, the roast pork italiano is really good for dinner. Definitely a great neighborhood spot.My friend brought me here after she went once before and had a great experience. When I first entered my impression was that it was a very small and unassuming. The food and drinks were great though. We had huevos rancheros and blueberry pancakes. The service wasn't so great but it was because there were only two servers for the whole place. I'm sure it would have been better if it were better staffed.   I would come back here again to sit near the wood burning stove.This was only a few blocks from my hotel and will definitely be a goto when I'm in town. Great urban local vibe. Exposed brick, open layout, big windows and awesome draft selection. Winning.
I took the bartenders recommendation and went with the fish tacos and sweet potato fries. Way too much food! Way too delicious.We stopped here on a cold winter day when we were walking around the area. They have a nice little fireplace that was welcome that day. It is smaller inside than I would have thought, but maybe 10-12 spots at the bar. They also have different tables, some by the window and fireplace and others around the room. Varied beer selections, some things on tap there that I don't typically see. We didn't have much to eat besides dessert, so can't really comment on the food. Menu looked pretty good though. Skylight was nice in the center of the room. Service was fine, will try it again for a meal if we're in the area like for the Race St. Pier.Along with National Mechanics, Race Street is one of my go-to places for when the wife and I just don't feel like cooking.  Solid food all around at reasonable prices.  Good beer list, and, unlike National Mechanics. the game is usually playing on tv.  Among the highlights I've had there is a sausage sandwich and a turkey burger.  
Also, the place has a nice homey feeling, and the service is always friendly.I would not recommend this place nor will I ever return. 
I came across this bar whilst enjoying the Craft Beer Express tour (the tour was amazing). This bar on the other hand was crowded, understaffed, and messy. After ordering 2 meals and 2 beers, I was treated very rudely and ignored for about 20min (all while I was standing at the bar). When I asked to speak with the manager I was told that I couldn't and that there was no manager at the bar. I asked again in disbelief that a place would be run without a manager on such a busy day. 20 additional minutes later when they actually let me speak with the manager, he basically told me that there are "2 sides to every story" and he didn't want to address any of my complaints. Mind you I am a paying customer at this point. I left this establishment without eating or drinking the food that I paid for because I was treated so rudely.A random search for gluten-free options in Center City led me and my fiancé (who has Celiac's) here. Menu was very varied (burgers next to a Pad Thai dish), the server helped us quickly and even recommended a substitute dish when she informed us the fries had gluten on them. I almost feel embarrassed but I proceeded to annihilate the very well-tasting burger in minutes along with the fries and my fiancé loved her burger (and the fresh gf bun). I will be back here!The Race Street Cafe is my go-to for a great meal and cold beer at an honest price. The atmosphere is welcoming and the bar tenders are polite. If you're around in the winter they even have a fire place to make for a great night.I think they have changed cooks/recipes - we went for brunch and the bloody mary had BBQ sauce in it!! (GASP! Where is my extra spicy horseradish?!?) It was during the playoffs and filled with rowdy fans and the waitstaff was distracted. My "huevos rancheros" consisted of scrambled eggs and cheese in a burrito. Not very good. 
Race Street Cafe is located in a great spot and I used to enjoy going there all the time for brunch and drinks. Maybe they were having an off day?Minimal food selection, but the beer selection is plentiful.  Service was average, and the environment was very dark and relaxed.  Nothing to rave about- but no complaints!  Very middle of the road.  Cost does not meet expectationsUsed to be a more frequent visitor when I worked in old city but finally got a chance to go back this week. Im a huge buffalo chicken fan (give me buffalo or give me death) and there buffalo chicken sandwich is my favorite. they add a little bit of chocolate so it has a really interesting and satisfying depth to it. That night I had the spanish burger which is a mix of chorizo and beef with pepper jack with a side of fries topped with onions and manchego cheese. Im sure im missing some parts of the meal so sorry to race street but it was one of the best burgers ive ever had. great beer list and interesting wine list plus they have games like connect 4 to get into with drunk friends. If chris is bartending sit at the bar since he is awesome also.The fish tacos were amazing!! Reminded me of San Diego only fried! (No complaint here) the staff was great! Beautiful atmosphere and awesome drinks!! So glad I stopped in while in philly!!the corridor between market and callowhill in old city is lacking in neighborhood-y bar options, which is where this place comes up big. i come here about once a week just for the mussels, they're that good. besides the mussels, they have an excellent, fluid beer menu which seems to rotate each time i'm here. for old city residents, i'd endorse this place completelyI was so excited to walk to this cafe, as we live in the Olde City neighborhood.  I had received a certificate in the mail, good for one free entree up to $18 value.  I was excited, as it was a beautiful evening last night, and sitting inside right where the doors have been opened up to the outside was wonderful.
Took 10 minutes for someone to come and ask us if we'd like a drink.  We didn't mind because we were in no hurry and were just enjoying the weather and our conversation.
I got a cider, and my husband a beer.    We were waiting to order, and that took yet another 15 minutes (and there were not a lot of patrons in the cafe at the time).  We placed our order - and the server left and we didn't see him for at least another 20 minutes.  My husband's glass was sitting empty on the edge of the table hoping to get the server's attention so he could get another beer.  Um, no - server walked by us at least 3 times, and never stopped to ask if he'd like another beer.  We were so frustrated, at that point we decided to cancel our food and go home.
My husband got up from the table and walked over to the bar, and told the guy, service is horrible here, and we want to cancel our food order.  At that point, wouldn't you think they would say - we're sorry for your experience, dont' worry about the two drinks.  NOPE, they had us pay for the two drinks!  
Ashame, it's a cute place, and we were hoping for a better experience.  We went to Mac's Tavern on Market Street, grabbed a bite and a beer and went home.I tend to write long-winded reviews so lets make this short, Here's what i love about Race Street Cafe:
*Good beer selection
*Good food (not mind-blowing amazing but good)
**They love dogs**
**Outside seating is pretty much perfect, always shaded, never too busy on the street, get to wave at the duck boats headed for the river
Remember when i said they love dogs? Yea, so sit outside and they have a hook for your dog, they will bring your dog his very own bowl of water with ice, then while we were eating our server always brings out some sort of treat for the pupster...Finally when we are about to leave the pup got another piece of jerky from our server. It's hilarious because we live close by so we often walk by there on our walks so now when we walk by, my dog will pull me over to the cafe and go crawl under some strangers table all excited that we might be stopping to eat.We stumbled on the Race Street Cafe after a less than stellar dinner down the street at another restaurant. We stopped in for some drinks and a little something to eat. The bar had a cool laid back, pub atmosphere. There was a wood burning stove that added to the character of the place. The beer selection was decent. We ordered the wings and I highly recommend them! They has a nice spice, with a hint of sweet. They were nice and crispy, but were not breaded, which is what I prefer. Somebody next to us had shepherds pie, and it looked and smelled wonderful. I'm coming back here again!Excellent beer selection and a woodstove which is key during winter months. Food was good as well.LOUD.
Having gotten that out of the way ... let me say that our dinner at Race Street Café was very enjoyable. It's true that the dining experience for me could have been better. It seemed like every mussel I dug into had grit, and the Shepherd's Pie, although yummy, was delivered at a good 750°. (Also, the pie came in a bowl placed on the same plate that held the salad, and there wasn't enough room for both. I lost a lot of salad. Woe.) My friend's turkey burger rocked, I must say. Holy chipotle, Batman, it was spicy and juicy and tasty.
Oh, and the maple raisin walnut bread pudding was pure evil ... good enough that I stole another dish of it off someone else's table as we were leaving. Don't tell anyone. (Okay, I lied. I actually told the diners at the table I was taking it off their hands.)
As for the atmosphere ... the interior is small and inviting. What a fabulous, fun place to eat at. It struck a familiar, friendly tone even though we knew we'd never been there before. The earthy, casual, slightly cheeky feel of this establishment, whether on a warm summer afternoon or snowy winter night, must be experienced first-hand. So there you go.
Service? Acceptable. A bit slow and even amateurish. Not much atmosphere there. The view? Again, not much atmosphere: a dirt lot and the approach to the Ben Franklin Bridge. But you've got a view of your dining companion, after all. ;^)
The place stumbled here and there, but it's sweet all the same. We'll give it another chance soon.This place makes me glad to live in such a good food city. I've found it the perfect spot to have a fish sandwich and a beer after a bit of shopping on a weekend afternoon. Creative enough, fast enough, plain enough. Hell's yeah.I rarely give 5 stars.  And there's a good chance that I am giving an extra star out of my own need to stop the 4-star-craziness.  However...  Race Street does deserve a solid 4.5 stars.  Which, I guess, would be rounded up to 5 stars...  so here we are.  
This place is really good.  Great beer selection, really yummy food which goes a bit beyond typical "bar food", nice bartenders.  The owners are nice people, too!Before October 21, I had been depraved of guiltless American food (so yes, I had already been to Chik-Fil-A, and blah blah blah, you know, the cravings do come because I am a human being after all :P).  On October 21, I went to Race Street Cafe out of pressure from a Restaurant.com gift certificate that was running almost 1-year-old...and it turned out to be good peer pressure :-)
We started off the meal with chili and nacho chips, and oooo was the andouille sausage a scrumptious addition that made the chili too addicting O.O oh my oh my oh my.  Then, I had the grilled steak salad.  I have had a steak salad at a restaurant in Kennett Square that set the bar for other steak salads.  Although Race Street Cafe doesn't specialize in preparing meat meat and more meat like the restaurant in Kennett Square, its grilled steak salad was very tasty and didn't make me feel like I was eating my life away either!  
And so that makes the meal a huge hit!Neil - thank you for your comments, but I'm seeing a pattern with a lot of the feedback - food, location and atmosphere are practically perfect, it's your customer service .. if you don't fix that the other stuff won't matter.  Have you changed your wait staff or provided them feedback about what the customers are saying?  If you have given them feedback, maybe you need to fire them.  If you haven't do it NOW!  They need to know that customers will stop returning, no tips, no money, no business.The only thing I didn't like about this joint was that I waited so long to go inside. But what a great spot on a cold winter's day. Sit right in front of the wood burning stove and play trivial pursuit while you have a flight of craft beer over brunch. Sounds like a perfect day to me! Friendly and knowledgable bartender always wins points from me. The only knock was that the advertised gluten free toast was not available. Boo!This review is based on a half dozen great visits to Race St.  Everything I've eaten there has been fantastic, they have a solid selection of beverages, and the staff is personable, pleasant, and delightful.
This place has it all but it's especially good for a meal and drinks in the neighborhood.  You'll likely run into people you know and be specially taken care of.  Highly recommend!The menu follows the name in offering hearty cafe-styled sandwiches rather than greasy bar food but the interior is very classically a pub. Despite the dark wood trimmings, it's surprisingly well-lit on the inside thanks to a sky light. The lighting helps the space transition from a bar-crawl-only venue to someplace you would go for a work lunch, which is exactly what I did! 
It was fairly empty at 12:30pm on a Thursday and the waitress did a great job of being available without hovering over us. I ordered the turkey burger which was phenomenal, stuffed with fresh, crisp veggies and smooth guacamole. 
This is an interesting restaurant because it styles itself as a cafe but is also so clearly modeled after a bar. There is a lot of table seating and food is great. I'd like to come back after work hours and see how well it transitions into a drinks space instead of going there for a meal.I wish this place was better because it could be a great local watering hole but every time I've been the food is just ok and the service is sub par. Plus the crowd it attracts is sometimes obnoxious which is off-putting.If I lived in Philly, I'd be a regular here. Honest to god I would be. The service was fantastic, the booze selection was also fantastic. The bar was fantastic. The turkey burger I had was fantastic. I liked that it was small, local and a nice neighborhood pub feel. Big fan.I've been here twice and really enjoyed it both times! The food is delish - I am a huge fan of the baba ganouj (there was a Greek platter special) and the grilled cheese with ham. Yum!I like this place!
Good pub fare, friendly service, comfortable atmosphere.  
In the warmer months, they open a set of doors which open like a sort of balcony, which is nice, & in the colder months they have the place toasted up with a wood burning stove.
Always on the lookout for a good brunch (my fave meal of the day, for sure), the one offered here is tasty.  Not particularly stand-out, but I won't have a problem returning again for it some other time.Anywhere I can get Sheppard's Pie is OK in my book.  I was very thankful for Race Street Cafe on Friday night.  It was freezing out and I was ready to duck into the first bar that I came across, this just so happened to be Race Street.  I knew I found a home when I smelled the wood burning stove and saw the beer list hanging above the bar.  
The menu is broad and very reasonable, ($10 for Sheppard's Pie, $17 for Crab Cakes).  This was THE place I had a been looking for, cozy, populated but not crowded and warm.
I liked this place so much I plan on venturing out in the cold just to go there...
-On a side note: on my walk home from Race St. some tools were running down the ice lined sidewalk, forcing me off to the side to let them pass.  One sports jacket, two sports jackets...is that it? Nope here comes one more...wait, is that...yes the third tool wasn't  tool at all...it was none other than Eagles 3rd string QB AJ Feeley.This place is really close to my house.  I go there for just a quick bite.  There food is excellent and staff is suburb.  Also good for Sunday Brunch since they do make an awesome Bloody Mary.  I would recommend this place to anyone.So my colleague an myself are wandering aimlessly through Philadelphia, hoping to find a suitable place for food. We're doing the familiar zig-zag pattern of predators seeking pray. This one's too fancy, this one's too asian, this one's too closed, and then we run into Race Street Cafe. Looks OK from the outside, the price is right, it's crowded, let's do this one.
As we walk in we are greeted by lots of eyes saying "what are these out-of-towners doing here? This is our place!" Which means, yeah, this is a cool place where the locals hang out, not one of the touristy cheesesteak places on South St.
There were interesting beers on tap. There were interesting dishes on the menu. There were friendly and happy waitresses. There was good food coming out of the kitchen. Yeah, I'd say it's an all-round good experience.
Sometimes I just get lucky!All around this place is a cozy bar with great food, and a great drink menu.  I cannot emphasize that enough, my cheese stuffed chicken was delicious, and my date's burger looked just as good!  
What is really killing this place for me was the slightly unwelcoming wait staff, along with the extreme difficulty we had with getting her to tend to our drink and food needs.  By all means I think she just had one of those tough gal personalities, and power to her, but the service was all around rough and really took the experience down.Ok so this place was great, it was ten o clock on New Years Eve and we were right by a popular firework watching spot. The place was packed and I was worried we wouldn't get seated. The hostess quoted us 20-25 minutes (I thought yeahhhh right!). Turns out it was exactly that, we were seated very quickly. Our waitress was attending several tables so the service was quick and to the point, a little rushed but that's understandable. I ordered the naughty blanco as a drink and it was delicious, light and refreshing but with a nice kick. The naughty blanco was far from my favorite thing I ordered that night. 
... I ordered a life altering chili . Granted chili is one of my favorite foods and I was craving it immensely that night (seeing as I am a Miami girl and I had been walking in 20 something degree weather). This chili was truly superb though, it had 3 different types of meat: steak, chicken, and andouille sausage, with a mix of beans roasted tomato chunks and jalapeño slices. That all mixed together made this chili one of the highlights of my trip. I'm booking my flight back to Philly just for this chili. 
My boyfriend and I also split the the chicken roulade and ricotta gnocchi. Okay so my reviewing of this dish will be biased seeing as while I was eating it I was upset it wasn't a second bowl of chili. But even with the precedent of my immediate disdain for any food that wasn't the glorious chili I still enjoyed the gnocchi. The chicken was juicy and flavorful. I do wish their would've been a little more of the fresh tomato sauce, but all in all it was a good dish.
Would I return to race street cafe? Ummm... Like I said I'm booking my flight back solely for race street cafe. If you are one of the privileged enough to live in walking/ public transport/ driving range of this fine establishment, do yourself a favor and go try that chili.We love this place and go all the time for weekend brunch. The owner is really friendly and he stops by our table to say hi and talk to my boyfriend about hockey. 
They can't quite get the over easy/poached eggs right. The yolk is usually hard. I compensate by ordering an omelet. The potatoes are to die for, and every breakfast dish is served with a fresh fruit cup. 
The atmosphere is great. We love that they have trivial pursuit!Stopped in for a quick beer before dinner last Thursday because we were in the neighborhood and I'd heard from someone that it was a cool spot. Expectations fully met! The beer list was interesting and the vibe was very chill; it has sort of a hole-in-the-wall feeling without being divey at all. The place is pretty small and I was surprised how busy it was--especially for a Thursday evening at 6:30--but the staff was very friendly and let us take a high top even though we weren't ordering any food. 
Definitely will return to spend more than just half an hour here!While walking around the rainy city a friend suggested we stop for s beer and a bite to eat. Never one to turn down either, we ended up here.
This gastropub was pretty good! My deconstructed quinoa hit the spot -- I wish I could throw together something so delectable in my own kitchen. My dining partners definitely seemed to enjoy their burgers... and the jalepeno and cheese covered fries looked totally yum and received rave reviews. 
The beer list was satisfying and the waitress was very attentive. 
I'll definitely be back again!I got a garden burger from here and it was excellent! Wish I could say the same about the service, just seemed that we were always waiting for drinks or to order or even the check. I dunno if they were short handed or this is how it is all the time. Ill def go back to find out bec their food was so good.Trust your nutrition to the helpful staff. I enjoyed the house made chili and chocolate cheesecake with a wonton salad between. The barkeep's suggested beer pairings were Founders' Pale Ale to start and a sweetish Scotch ale winding down. 6:30 was quiet and by 8 PM tables indoors and out front were filling.  Clients know the staff. We had couples, one with a baby, mixed groups of younger local-ish adults and a really great vibe. Feels at home and the tastes are a treat.  Check out the on-line menu. Savor the chalkboard of daily specials. Worth you attention even if only for a beer and the ambiance.
No wonder I have friends who live in downtown Philly and rave about the sense of community!I won't be back.  The service was rather surly.  For example, I noted a couple just left and their table was now empty with just a couple of dirty glasses; after being told to sit anywhere, I asked the server if I could sit at the just vacated table and was told, "how about you sit over there instead?".  Obviously, I would have sit at the crappy table if that's where I wanted to be.  In addition, after advising the same server that my draft beer was rather warm after she asked how we were doing, she barked "well it's a cask beer !"  I'm not sure how I was to have known that since that was not indicated on the chalkboard!  We thought that food was just decent but certainly not worth the treatment we received!Nice clean interior.  Very good, knowledgeable bartenders/wait staff...could be a little more engaging with their customers.  Beers and drinks were all very good.  The food was awesome...soups, chili, and potstickers.One of my favorite places in Old City.  Very laid back atmosphere, cool people, great selection of beer and great food.Popped in for some brews and a snack yesterday afternoon. We were happy to grab seats at the bar, and within minutes were enjoying an afternoon beer. The bartenders were busy but checked in often. We ordered nachos to snack on, and it was a pretty big portion with guac, pico, and sour cream - hit the spot. I am looking forward to returning for lunch or dinner because their menu looks really good.Went here last night on a date, and I really enjoy this bar. The place has a laid back atmosphere and the usual dimly lit ambiance. The beer list was decent and had a few local and international drafts/bottles. The burger I ordered was really juicy and it really hit the spot. I am glad my date did suggest this place, and I will return for some drinks and food.What a surprise, this place is on Race Street in Old City!  That's good news because, as they say, this location is a little off the beaten track.  That means that Old City tourists don't visit as often.
This is one small place.  A beautiful bar, a few tables and that's all she wrote.  What counts is the food and the libations and they are outstanding.  
This week I stopped by for a quick lunch and chili was on the menu.  This was seriously good chili with some serious heat.  It was definitely the meat lovers' version with chicken, beef, and chorizo.  It was served with tortilla chips and delicious with one of the many excellent microbrews on the menu.  
There's plenty of bar food on the menu but there is more to this café than that.  This week two of the specials were grilled skirt steak with Portobello mushrooms or Mahi mahi with salsa and sliced avocado.  Yummmm.
I don't want to forget the people here.  They are very pleasant and efficient.  Between the food, the drink, and the staff your visit is likely to be a pleasure.Surly service. Mediocre food. Good beer. We came from seeing a movie at the Ritz. Should have gone to the Khyber--food is much better. Anyway, I can see how this place might be acceptable if you live in the neighborhood. But it is not a destination.My boyfriend and I used a Restaurant.com gift certificate to go to Race Street for brunch. I had been twice already for dinner and was curious to try their brunch. My excitement was increased when I noticed online a few twists on traditional brunch cocktails that Race Street offered. Unfortunately, when we received the drink list, it did not list any of what I had seen online. My boyfriend and I attempted to politely mention this to our waitress as a "head's up" and were met without any any thanks and were told what was on the menu was what they had and if we wanted something else they could probably make it. There was no attempt to even "up-sell" us on the specialty cocktails they could supposedly make. The food was very good, just as we had found it to be when we've gone for dinner. But, after three visits we've decided never to expect very good service. We've never received a warm welcome and just feel as though our questions, and even presence, is an imposition.Omg...... I love this place!!!!! Talk about awesome food and drinks are you kidding me?! Bring everyone you know and enjoy the wonderful ambiance and incredible wait staff and if you're lucky you just may get service from the beautiful Vanessa or Vivacious Vanna, man... those chicks can pour a mean beer or mix a mean drink... And Chris, Phil and Mark are pretty darn awesome too... the entire staff pretty much is lol.... Soooooo...... Why are you still reading this?! Get you booty over there and have a fun filled brunch, lunch, dinner, or even girls night out! You just may see me here! Cheers!I love to stop by this place when I'm in Philly. It's one of the few authentic bars / restaurants in the neighborhood. Prices are reasonable, the nachos are fantastic, and I've never met a veggie there I didn't like. I tend to prefer sandwich-type dishes to the fancier entrees, but maybe that's just me. The only reason for my 4 out of 5 stars is that I wish the regular staff were a little more friendly and welcoming. My buddies and I are obviously devoted fans, and we aren't the types to cause any kind of offense, so we can't for the life of us figure out why our reception is consistently on the decidedly tepid side. This doesn't stop us though. We know a good thing when we find it.The service and ambiance were great.  They had a really great beer selection.  The menu was really weak for vegetarians.  Although meat eaters had much larger, selection I would not recommend this place for dinner.  A light and boring lunch if you in the area.  But  Dinner no.  
I would not come back to eat, drink yes.  But given that it is a tad out of the way and the beer was a tad pricey, it will be awhile.  But it is well worth checking out if you have not already done so. 
I would give it 3.5 stars if that were possible.  I will round up due to great service and great beer selection.i love this place.  as an old city resident, it's really nice to have a solid place to go without the tourists, drunk college kids, and typical old city prices.   the food is good, and they always have a nice selection of specials which seems to be different each time i visit.  same with the beer selection.  outstanding.  
i would give this place five stars, but, as much as i love the place, i gotta say the service could be better.  i feel like it consistently takes just a little longer than it should for orders to be taken, food to be brought, etc.  and the waitstaff doesn't seem to be as proactive as they could be in terms of stopping by to check on the tables to see if we need anything or to offer another round.  everyone is always friendly, though, which i love.  
i'll definitely remain a regular as long as i live in old city!Great meal at this cozy comfortable pub in Olde City. Got the pork chop entree - very good flavor - super moist. Great service.  We will be back here.Checked this out for the first time recently. Great food and drinks. I liked the brisket entree. Very juicy and tasty. Even the mayor was hanging inside while we were there. I'll definitely be back.I live in this neighborhood, and I am so glad that I have Race Street Cafe! It is very affordable (for Old City), consistently good food, relaxed atmosphere, and the beer, wine, and cocktails are great too. I love this for an easy Brunch, or a good solid burger one night you just don't feel like cooking. Their turkey burger is a big hit, along with fries and their signature aioli. The specials are always great, as opposed to things the chef wants to get rid of, so be sure to check out the blackboard in the back. In winter, the ambiance is great with the wood burning stove. Come summer, the tables outside offer great people watching while you relax with a beer.This is my favorite place in my neighborhood to eat at weekly.  The regular menu is great and their specials are always awesome.  The beer menu is constantly being changed along with their wine options.  It's a great neighborhood gastropub with fantastic super friendly staff.  Also great simple brunch options, and a fantastic bloody mary!Love it here!  Good food and beer selection in a relaxed environment.  Even on weekend nights it doesn't get totaly packed, so you feel like you can still breathe and actually hear the people you are out with!
Highly recommend the shrimp enchiladas. Soooo yummy!Awesome bar, cool atmosphere, foods ok and the service is crappy! Went there for lunch not too long ago and they just seemed miserable, like everything i asked was an issue. Pub atmosphere / Dive bar service :(Have always had an amazing time at race st. This small and cozy spot has been a common gathering ground for many friends. Beer selection is always good, food is awesome (try fish tacos, lamb burger, turkey burger & my guilty pleasure sweet potato fries!). Staff and severs have always treated me well. Will be back again soon!Recently moving back to the city, I wondered what would replace my suburban go-to restaurant:  Iron Hill.  I know. I know. A chain restaurant ... easy to replace in the city.  BUT, I crave fresh salads...soups...a decent drink and most imortantly a good value.  After trying to make SIlk City that go-to restaurant it failed when winter came...then came Race Street. 
My new neighborhood, go-to restaurant.  Everyone is attentive, friendly and helpful. "Get the grilled cheese...you'll love it,"  said the bartender. I did.  It's a creamy, crunchy fabulous meal.  Simple, easy food is a forte here; but that's not to knock the more refined dinners.  The entrees are well thought out and delicious...I particularly love the scallop risotto.  Not too heavy, fresh, and flavorful. And the beer list is varied and interesting.  
The best part?  Enough room for everyone.  A warm, cozy atmosphere in the winter (or a breezy cool one in the summer).   And the price is right.  Life is goof..as someone said not too long ago....Decent breakfast/brunch. Nothing too fancy, which is nice sometimes since a lot of the surrounding establishments are a bit upscale if you want to roll in at 11AM on a Sunday with a sweatshirt on. Coffee was great. I cannot remember what I ordered, but I do remember that the portions were huge compared to what I was expecting. I was pleasantly surprised as it helps with any hangover. The price was good considering the amount of food I received!Neighborhood feel, diverse menu and most important fact is go
od beer on tap!This is a great neighbourhood bar for a drink and chat.
They have board games and the food is pretty good. 
Specials are always interestingLove race street. All of the food is delicious. Try the Steak Salad, Chili and Creme Brûlée. Lots of beers on top and a cozy atmosphere.Love the late night menu. The specials are always good and they have good beer on tap. Always same dude bartending and he does a good job! Good service good foodWent there late night for some drinks and snacks.   Was greeted by the bartender (owner?) Mark who was very welcoming.  Sat at a gorgeous table in front of the open window and proceeded to eat and drink more than we wanted but everything was so wonderful and the music was FABULOUS!!!!   We had the shrimp quesadillas and chicken wings which were both delicious.  Then came dessert.  Omg.  The creme brûlée was one of the best I've ever eaten.  The drinks were original but simple.  I have to be honest and say I got plastered on some agave tequila drink that was light and refreshing.   The waitress was sweet and the bartender Mark was helpful and a genuinely nice guy.  2 appetizers, 4 drinks, 2 beers, 2 sodas and 2 desserts was only $60.00.  And there are three cute outside tables.   Lots of GF options as well.  Gluten free beer too!What a great neighborhood bar! A warm, comfortable place with a very helpful & friendly staff. We had the black bean soup, chicken roulade with gnocchi and the turkey burger with sweet potato fries. Everything was so good we ended up "sharing plates" so we could taste each other's. Good beer & drink selections, good sized portions and reasonably priced. Wish we'd saved room for dessert. We'll definitely be back!!!