it is a really nice place, friendly atmosphere and food is delicious. But it is big problem with the parking we spend 30 min looking for place to parkI went here for a birthday dinner with a party of 6 and had an amazing time. Although they do not take reservations, I called on the way there to ask if they were busy and they said no. The entrance is a little weird because there is no waiting area where the hostess can seat you, just tables where people were eating so it made things a bit confusing and awkward. We had to wait around 5 minutes for our table to be set up and we were promptly seated. The restaurant is very small but has a cosy and authentic Italian feel to it.
Our waiter was very nice and knowledgable about the food and his descriptions for the specials of the day made me want everything. He literally could describe dirt and we would still eat it. I asked for any recommendations with meat sauce and he said they could prepare a bolognese sauce with linguini pasta and feta cheese which was sooooo good. 
When we were done, they came out with three huge scoops of gelato and a candle for dessert. The scoop of hazelnut was so rich in flavor and everyone fought to get a bite.  Overall, I had a great experience and this will definitely be a usual spot for us in the future!Would not have ever discovered this place if not for Yelp. I was looking for a nice Italian place to take the boyfriend for his birthday. This place is very small, cute & romantic. We went around 6PM so it was very dark with dim lights inside which gave it the romantic feel to it. Judging from some pictures, it looks like it'd be really nice to go in the morning too.
One of their walls were lined with wine corks & another from something that looks like crates. And there were even more things made from wine corks around. Really cool. The other wall was basically a giant window which allows them to use the natural light which I like.
We were very quickly seated & asked what we'd like to drink. Someone also came over & told us a few things they recommended. After order, they will bring you a basket of bread & bruschetta.
Grilled Octopus $16 appetizer/salad was good but some parts were pretty salty.
Chicken Locanda $20 "their version of chicken parmigiana" should definitely have been in the salad menu. It says on their website that it comes with a "side linguine." I didn't catch that that night but we did not get that.
Shrimp & Scallop special was about $25. The shrimp & scallop part was pretty good but the sauce tasted a bit water down & was not hot enough. They also only gave you 2 shrimps.
I think this place was cute but I don't think I'll be back. The food was not something that could compete when there are so many options. But the design of the inside was something I really enjoyed.LOVE this little place! I feel like Ive been to just about every BYO in Philadelphia, but the atmosphere, staff, and especially the FOOD at this little place are just PHENOMINAL!!  I highly recommend everything on the menu.  It's just the perfect place to sit outside with some friends, a bottle of wine, and a lot of laughter.  I cant wait to go back!What a wonderful byob italian restaurant! I went here on a Tuesday night for dinner with the boyfriend. It was such a lovely surprise. The food is wonderful, fresh and tasty. Nothing felt or tasted frozen or bagged. The service was helpful, informative, and kind, which is always a huge plus for me. The buffalo mozzarella salad was so good and way too filling for an appetizer, always always have room for your entree and dessert! The bf had mussels in red sauce, I am allergic to shellfish, but he said the sauce was heavenly. Again, too filling for an app with the bread  to dip as well. Since we were almost full with the wine, bread and apps, we ordered one entree, a special, filet with gorgonzola. The cheese was stronger than I expected but the filet was cooked very well, temperature was on point. By this time, I had decided to host my brother's upcoming birthday dinner at this place. I inquired and told them what I wanted to do and we may be 15-20 people. They gave me a pre fix menu price, I agreed then they sent over a complimentary dessert (gelato) to finish off our evening. All in all, a delicious and pleasant evening. 
A couple weeks later was my brother's birthday dinner on a Friday evening. It was crowded but they had the table ready, we had settled on 15 but 3 more showed up and they were able to accommodate quickly and smoothly. Bc it was such a large part you can only make the dinner at tail ends of their hours - either 5pm or 9pm. We opted for  the 9pm. Once we settled, they opened up our wines quickly then served the apps - It was family style - prosciutto with mozzarella, fresh and seasoned artichoke with shrimp. seasoned peppers, calamari salad (one of my faves!) an dso much more that just kept coming! Then everyone ordered off the menu for their entree then family style dessert with coffee or cappuccino, all for $45 person, with tax and tip $57. And we had all the wine we wanted to drink bc it's byo! What a great idea! I can't wait to do this for my birthday dinner. I will definitely be a return customer and I will get that calamari salad. 
Some negatives are that parking can be a bit difficult, there are pan handlers nearby and cobblestone streets.Yummers to the 'nth degree.
Pasta, why do I love thee so?  Why must you be prepared so deliciously here?  Why are you so heavy-laden with carbohydrates that I must avoid you most of the year? Why, is it that I let my guard down at Raddichio and consume you until I wipe my plate clean? Why??
Even crowded on Monday nights (a tell-tale sign that this place is not only good, it's popular), this cute corner BYOB is a neighborhood staple and along with La Locanda (a couple blocks over), it's a solid go-to choice for local italian BYO around Old City.  
Dinner progression goes like this: crusty bread, complimentary fresh bruschetta to start.  Wicked garlicky goodness of mussels followed by a favorite of mine, Penne Toto, that is liberally doused with mouth-watering prosciutto, shallots and a pink vodka cream sauce.  Get in my belly!  All their seafood is good here too, and the fish of the day is always fresh and well-prepared.  
Service is fast, sometimes rushed and a little impersonal.  Menu consists of good, standard Italian dishes except the Scallops Al Radicchio -  which are bland and the scallops are almost invisible (more white beans than anything) - skip it - and try their calamari instead.  Also, appears like frequent patrons (or family and friends of the owner?) get preferential seating and even reservations - even though the restaurant does not offer them.  I guess if you show up here in a Porsche or a Corvette Stingray, it guarantees you the first and best table in the joint.Delicious lunch! We had the amazing swordfish carpaccio, veal Marsala, and Veal and Shrimp. Everything was delicious and fresh! I ordered Tiramisu to go because I was too full which was a mistake. Their wrapping ruined the whole thing by the time I got home. Will not be getting takeout next time.Delicious! Adorable! Tons of options if you're not wanting a bowl of pasta. Officially my "go to" Italian place.I'm Italian with (I've been told) very high standards about " Italian Restairants".
True to be told....it difficult to find a place that I would honestly call good.
Well Radicchio is good!
The appetizers (or antipasti)...
The burrata is outstanding, and by burrata I mean the entire burrata, not just a little piece.
The grilled calamari (a special for that night) sorry tender and flavourful.
The main course (primo e secondo piatto)...
I ordered the special with "linguine al nero di seppia" (black ink squid linguine) with scallops and shrimps...delicious!
My friends ordered the "cotoletta" o "Milanese" (veal Milanese) well maybe not as thin as you would get it in Italy but probably the best one I had in the US! And the "Regatoni Toto" (although I would spell them R-I-Gatoni). Extremely good, tasty and light, despite the creamy sauce.
Definitely a hidden gem worth to be discovered!
PS. BYOB!!!!Love it! BYOB so that'll save you some money. I got the penne pasta with shrimp and scallops, it was delicious and came out very fast. The wait staff is very attentive and friendly. It is on a quiet block and the perfect place to eat outside on a nice nightVery loud BYOB
Had sole very good VERY EXPENSIVE over priced for what it is. Gnocchi is good. Not greatRadicchio is a cozy little Italian byob off the beaten path in Old City away from the crowds and the noise. I recently ate here for the first time in years.  For some reason I'd forgotten about Radicchio but I'm not sure why! The food is very good and the atmosphere is cute.  They don't take reservations but my party of 4 had no problem getting a table on Friday night. We opted to sit outside and Radicchio is a great place to do so.  It's nice & quiet and unlike many street level outdoor dining spots in Philly, there is no sewage smell wafting over to your table while you eat.
They start you out with some yummy complimentary bruschetta.  I went for the grilled calamari app (simple, fresh & tasty) and the decadent lobster ravioli special. I sampled my friends' apps & pasta and they were all delicious. Unfortunately we were all too full for dessert but I'm sure I'll be back!I LOVE RADICCHIO! This place is seriously awesome. Adorable location, great outdoor seating next to a cobblestone road, amazing food, and really sweet waiters. 
The arugula salad that is sometimes on special is enough to make me salivate... and I'm not a huge fan of salads.
Penne toto (which I believe is Rigatoni Toto on their newer menu) took me a long time to get over. I rarely order the same thing over and over again at a restaurant, but I probably ordered this the first 3 times I was there. 
I almost didn't post a review on this place since I kinda want to keep it my own little secret :) but the staff is so wonderful and the food is so delicious that they deserve the comments.Dinner was fantastic. Also, the service was very good. Comfortable atmosphere and a BYOB. We will be coming back again!LOVE this place!!! One of my absolute faves! You wake up Craving their food the next day, almost as if they put crack in it! Haha I kid, I kid! Cute lil' BYOB, good for catching up with a couple of friends or a good first date spot. It's tiny so if you go during busy dinner hours, expect to wait a lil' bit, however it's totally worth it!
Can't wait to go back!!!Favorite Italian byob in the city. I've been coming here for years and it consistently impresses me . The service is too notch and has a cute cozy ambiance. Make sure you order the grilled calamari as an app and try the pink sauce w your pasta . Amazing!I had dinner here on a week night, and the food was pretty good, but when it came time for coffee and dessert....they bombed. The creamer I poured in my coffee was lowfat milk. When I asked for half and half, waiter said, "We don't have any." This is a pretty nice restaurant, so I was rather surprised at that. They could have sent someone out to Wawa to pick up a quart. As for dessert, our option was "cheesecake." Could we order something different?
"No. We only have cheesecake."One of our favorite BYOB restaurant in the city! Always satisfied with the service, food, and atmosphere here. You have to try the langoustine if it's available. On that night it wasn't :( Radicchio is a small indoor and outdoor restaurant. Its first come first serve. No reservations are taken.
Our food was amazing. We ordered the Squid and octopus combination along with the Broccoli rabe and sausage for appetizers. For our entrees, we had the lamb and Lobster Ravioli. Everything was delicious and the staff was amazing.This place doesn't take reservations, so our group of 4 had to arrive early, put our names in, find something to do for a while, and then return to wait to be seated. This was a little inconvenient because there is no place to actually wait to be seated, as the inside is small and packed. The restaurant consisted of one small dining room tables all around, so it was pretty packed, with a lot of patrons being very close together. However, despite the hectic and crowded nature of the room, the service was great and our waiter was very attentive. This is a BYO, so that is also definitely a plus. The menu itself seemed a little plain, but the food tasted great. I highly recommend the Calamari/Octopus Appetizer!Wow! I went this past saturday night with 8 girls.... We ordered their specials and entrees from the menu. EVERYTHING was amazing. I actually told the server I was undecided, but i knew i wanted some pasta with a red sauce and seafood. They made me a special dish... and it ended up being theeeee absolute best!!!Easily the best byob in the city. No reservations but awesome service! fun fact: they DO take reservations on valentines day but you're packed in like sardines. enjoy this awesome place on a nice day and sit outsideBest italian food ever! Service is always fantastic, polite and fast. The menu is large and there are many options. We always bring our own wine and beer and they are happy to open these for us. The ambiance inside is calm and peaceful and it is a very nice restaurant. Their bruschetta is AMAZING, and so is their eggplant parmesan. If you are a vegetarian they can make a vegetarian pasta for you. I asked if they could use the whole wheat fettuccine and just through in some vegetables and they threw in a lot of fresh vegetables with the house made tomato sauce. I was very pleased and satisfied. Some of the best pasta I have ever had (definitely the best sauce). My aunt and uncle always order the fish of the day that is shared between two, and they love it. My mother orders seafood, and loves it as well. There is a dish for everyone, no matter what your preference is. Their gelato is fantastic, too. I highly recommend this restaurant, and anything on the menu will blow you away.Disclaimer: I'm writing this review based on memory since it's been about a year since I went. 
It's a smaller BYO place so be mindful of how many people you have in your party. We went as a group of 6 and that's about the biggest sized party I saw there that night. This would be a great place for a date or double date. 
I'm pretty sure I got a seafood pasta dish and while the sauce wasn't amazing, the pasta was al dente and the seafood was fresh. The bruchetta was also tasty and refreshing to start as an appetizer. 
As you can see from some of the pictures, the portions aren't that large as I've seen in other Italian restaurants. I'll have to go again to try other dishes and have a better review. On the brighter side, at least I don't remember it for being a bad place!Just got back from here and I really wanted to dig this place based on the reviews but left a little underwhelmed. First off, they only take cash(what year is it?). Know this before going, because you'll have to hike a couple blocks to an ATM to get cash. 
The inside of Radicchio is actual pretty nice. Wish I went here on a date because the forced romantic tiny tables squeezed together action going on here made it a little uncomfortable for myself and my buddy. Oh well. 
We split the Caesar salad, which was just OK. The dressing was a little too strong, and I felt it was missing some sort of crouton action. The bread we were served was also just OK, didn't taste like it was made in house, and the olive oil that it was served with tasted like it had been out for some time. Not rancid, but definitely not fresh. 
I had the Rigatoni Toto, and while the sauce was pretty good, the rigatoni was a little undercooked and tasted like the cheap shit you buy in the stores. My homeskillet across from me had the Pacheri Al Telefono, and that dish had the homemade rigatoni, so I guess in hindsight I should've ordered that but I don't see why if they are making handmade rigatoni at Raddichio they aren't using it for every dish with rigatoni. But again, the sauce was pretty tasty, enough so to warrant 3 stars. Perhaps with some different options this would have been a 4-5 star experience but tonight, for me, it fell short.This place is as good as it gets, food wise! It is a BYOB which is always a great option in the city. We have only been once, but, the food was that great! The service was prompt and efficient. You can tell that a lot of the staff are all authentic Italian. It has an intimate setting, they do a great job with a small space. I would recommend this place to anyone visiting old city. It truly is a hidden gem!How can so many people have such bad taste? The food here (and at Sottos) was terrible! The macaroni came from a box, was chewy and was undercooked, the broccoli rabbe was also undercooked making it difficult to swallow. The entire meal was difficult to swallow.
And as a last insult, the do not accept credit cards. WTH! What kind of place doesn't accept credit cards? And WHY don't they take them? Seems shady.We were looking for an Italian place, and someone recommended this restaurant. Being in North Liberties, I thought it would be excellent. The atmosphere is amazing, and the Italian waiters really add to the experience. BUT the food was not tasty. I should have gotten two orders of the bruschetta and skipped the entrée.If you live in the area count yourself lucky, however if you aren't within easy walking distance, there are better options for BYO Italian restaurants.  The restaurant was a cozy BYO with good service, but compared to some of the restaurants in the Italian Market, the food was only ok.  If I could, it would be a 3.5 star review, but the food just doesn't warrent a 4 star restaurant. as it was a little bland.I knock a star off the venue for one reason: staff.  Our server was kind and efficient, but the rest of the staff seemed a bit stuffy for my liking. I will admit that as a past server myself, I am incredibly picky about how customers are treated. That being said, it was my only complaint about the place. 
Our meal here was remarkable. I had a pasta dish with prosciutto and pink sauce (a really classic vodka and cream), the beet salad, and the grilled calamari. All three things were amazing, and the meal was perfectly fresh. 
The set up was quaint, calm and reminiscent of a little Italian cafe. We discovered that it is byob (after we had already arrived, dammit), and plan to go back with our own cab of choice next time.An amazing find in the middle of historic Philadelphia.
Started with Italian sausage with broccoli rabe - incredible -followed by veal Milanese - a perfectly cooked veal chop - one of the best I ever had.
The place is BYOB and there are no stores nearby - so don't forget the wine ......
5 stars for the food, three for the BYOB - and a solid four for the atmosphere- highly recommended !One of the best BYOB's in Philadelphia.  Great italian food and really good service at a really fair price.Lobster ravioli.....still drooling over them!
We were looking for a BYOB Italian spot for a Saturday night double date. Of course, we waited until the last minute to make these plans and actually pick a spot, but the mouth watering reviews led us to Radicchio Cafe. We decided to go around 9:15ish in hopes of missing the rush - and it worked!
We were seated as soon as we walked in - our server took our coats and hung them and proceeded to open, pour, and ice our wine. When all of us were seated, he went over the specials and I was thrilled to hear that my weakness, lobster ravioli, was being made! We decided on 2 apps, ordered and enjoyed our wine while we waited.
The one thing that struck me as odd was the lack of butter, pesto, or an olive oil mixture being offered with the bread that was brought out. Granted, there was oil on the table and I promptly mixed up my own yummy dipping plate, but that little fact did stick with me.
We chose the grilled calamari and the buffalo mozzarella (on the advice of the reviews) for our apps. I was actually slightly disappointed with the mozz dish - it lacked flavor and seasoning. The calamari was perfectly cooked and I loved the capers that went along with it.
Three out of the four of us ordered the lobster ravioli while the last ordered a similar dish. All four of us were satisfied - one of the gentlemen at the table was worried about portion size (he can eat!) but was happy with what he was served. To top off the ravioli, they added shrimp and scallops to a tasty cream sauce - perfect compliment! 
We could've done without the mozzarella, but I could definitely see a return to Radicchio in the future!Yes, yes, yes. Such a great little spot. BYOB with great ambiance for date nights and even better food. Consistent quality and service. Outdoor seating available in the summer. Been there a few times and will certainly be back.There are so many reasons to love this place.  I made reservations for New Year's Eve for the last reservation of the night - 9:30, well in advance.  I tweaked it a few times - for 14 people, originally and ended up a party of ten.  I called each time with an update and they were very kind and accommodating about the changes.  
A BYOB establishment, all of my friends and, some out-of-towners, relied on me to choose the venue.  We showed up in the freezing cold at the time of the reservation after some pre-gaming at a downtown hotel.  It was packed and the size of it was, shall we say 'cozy'?  The vibe in the place was so festive - colored lights draped lovingly, large parties of people drinking and singing, bus boys and waiters buzzing.  My friends and I hung out in the tiny entrance vestibule or huddled under the heat lamp and drooled at the pleasant aromas coming from inside. 
No one was moving from their parties and who could blame them?  I inquired with the owner/host who was already on top of trying to figure on how to get a party of ten situated.  In a hot minute, the staff concocted a table along the large window on the side almost out of nothing.  They had the table set and us seated in about 10 minutes.  
As a courtesy for the wait, they sent out plate after plate of appetizers (on the house) and started popping bottles of our wine.  It was a bit tight but no one seemed to mind as the food was brilliant - bruschetta, sausage with broccoli rabe, mozzarella and prosciutto with roasted red peppers, grilled octopus and lots of fresh bread.  The service was quick and steady and everyone ordered and sampled a little of everyone's plate.  Everything was impeccably presented and simple, yet delicious.  I had rigatoni vodka which was fabulous.  I tasted some steak that melted in my mouth.  I had only a small taste of the tiramisu since I was so full - perfection.  
The bill was reasonable, as are most BYOBs but the menu prices, you will see are modest for the quality, portions and freshness.
I had to write a review to give them mad props for food, service, decor AND convenience as we stumbled out of there and within a block or two were able to take in the fireworks on the river for the new year.  I somehow came out a hero that night for choosing such a great place for a meeting of friends. Everyone mentioned how much they enjoyed it.  I know I will be back since everything came out roses on a crowded holiday evening.  I am certain that it would be even more enjoyable when not so hectic.  
Just for the food alone, five stars.  Six stars for the chefs & staff at  Radicchio who really did everything to ensure a most enjoyable dining experience.Radicchio Cafe is a must go! Their food is very tasty and I love when owners ask you how the food is rather than just a waiter/waitress. The owner is a very nice man with a thick Italian accent. He greets you when you walk in and says goodbye as you leave, sometimes he even brings your food. I ordered their seafood served with penne and red sauce. The food had the perfect amount of seasoning in it!
the atmosphere of the place is very romantic and relaxed. the lights are dimmed and candles are lite but thats just at night time. I'll will have to come back for lunch and see what that is like. the only reason i did not give radicchio 5 stars was that the seats are too close together. I don't want to hear my neighbors conversation or bump elbows with them either. This cafe is very small but it is still worth the trip!Wow this place was great.  Great atmosphere, service and food.  We ordered the lobster raviolis and dover sole, both specials...and yes, they were very very special.  I was scared of the raviolis because they can totally suck with too much dough and too little filling.  When it was served in front of me I stared for a good 3 minutes at the beauty.  The dish came with scallops and shrimp in a lovely blush sauce.  Babe got the fish...which came out whole on a silver platter..fannncy..then they took it in the back and chopped off the head and tail and brought out slices of perfectly cut fish.  
Our server was helpful and adorable and being a BYOB, it really comes in handy because the dishes fall in the $20 range.  
One of the best  places I have been to in Philadelphia here and I am planning on taking my picky Italian mom and dad for their anniversary.  If they do not like it, we might have to break off communication for a while because I know this place is totally awesome.  mmm.I love Radicchio. Amazing staff, cozy ambiance and delicious Italian cuisine.
Due to it's quaint size, they do not take reservations. Therefore, I prefer to come here during the warmer months when they have outdoor seating.  They will also gladly pass out wine glasses while you wait so you can crack open your wine (BYOB, FYI) and take a seat outside.
I've had a number of entrees here before, but most recently enjoyed the Linguine tre Colori, served with fat shrimp, chopped asparagus and roasted red pepper. Deliciousness. 
Due to it's cornered off location in Old City, I think it receives less press than a lot of the other Center City BYOB's, but it's a favorite for me by far.Awesome spot with great service. Get the broccoli rade n sausage appetizer you wont be disappointed!! Also the chicken parm was off the hook !Perfect. I brought a big table of thirteen for my graduation dinner. Everyone RAVED about the food (myself included, and I'm a big food snob). Lovely ambiance with attentive service. Wish it was in our neighborhood, we'd be there all the time! Thank you for a wonderful meal.Consistently friendly service and yummy food. If you're in the mood for traditional Italian fare and to byob, this is one of the best in the city. One night we were there and the power went out and they kept cooking somehow and fed everyone by candlelight!Haven't been back to this place in many many years. Decided to go for dinner and ended up coming back the next day for lunch as well. Forgot how good this local spot is. You're looking for Italian food in the old city area this is definitely the spot to go to.Byob Yummy italian and not as ridiculously expensive as the rest of the good italian in philly. The Penne foto could be my last meal....Radicchio Cafe was amazing...one of the best meals I've had in Philadelphia. We went in for my birthday with a group of 7 and the service was fantastic. They allowed me to make a reservation (I assume because it was a large group and a Monday night). Our water glasses were never empty and the servers were friendly and attentive. The food was absolutely amazing - their marinara was probably the best I've ever had! The sauce on the squid ink pasta with seafood special was delicious, but I wasn't overly impressed by the seafood itself (pretty overcooked). But overall, we had an amazing experience and I can't wait to go back!Great find and info from yelpers.
tucked away in a place you wouldnt expect a nice, small, cosy
rustic kind of restaurant, with waiters who are Italian.
the tables are small and this would be a great place for a date....
the walls are filled with corks.  the owner was generous and they dont take reservations, but we got a table in 5 minutes at 8pm on a satruday night.  the place was filled and rightly so, its a good find and my friend really loved the place and the food.
service was prompt, they gave us complimentary bruschetta and biscotti at the end of the meal.  we ordered two pasta dishes that were fresh and filling and I had no room for dessert which is a first
waiter was probably thinking we wouldnt tip well b/c we didnt order wine or an appetizer, but we were kind, nevertheless....
definitely a place to keep to yourself....A few years ago I probably would have given Radicchio's a 5, but on the last visit the service was so terrible that I have to knock it down to a 3.  I could continue to rant, but it just seemed like the server was completely disinterested in his job.  
All that aside, the food is excellent.  My go-to is the Capellini Positano.  A great mix ofangel hair pasta with jumbo lump crabmeat, oil, garlic, arugola and fresh tomatoes.  You really can't beat it.  We generally go with the warm buffalo mozzarella appetizer as well.
Word to the wise is that this place is small and they do not take reservations.  Plan on getting there early or later in the evening and still plan on waiting.  Plan on hunting for parking if you are driving over this way.  It's also BYO.Aside from the rain, this night couldn't have been more perfect.  Radicchio Cafe is a diamond in the rough.  After calling around on the Saturday night that we were in Philadelphia to see if we could find a table somewhere and not having any luck we went to the one Italian restaurant that didn't require a reservation and ended up getting a table within 5 minutes of walking in the door.  Some things are meant to be.
Sue's sister (who lives in Philadelphia) had been here before and really enjoyed it.  I love that this place was very not pretentious.  Very old school Italian vibe coming from this place.  Something that I don't get out of Italian restaurants in Portland and something that I miss very much from my time growing up and living on the east coast.
Upon sitting our server came over to tell us about the specials of the evening.   There were a bunch.  After that another gentleman came over and opened one of the bottles of wine we brought.  It is BYOB here.
We started out with an order of calamari from the specials and the Beets Salad ($12). 
Red and yellow fresh beets, caramelized walnuts, onions, goat cheese, fresh mints in a house vinaigrette.  Beet salad is fairly easy, but when it works it works really well.  This one worked really well.  The calamari was a bit different too as it wasn't your usual fried variety.  Good start to the meal.
For our main, Sue and I split Pappardelle with seafood that was also on their specials menu.  They were super kind enough to split the dish for us back in the kitchen.  These are the little things that make a meal that much better.  This was stocked with scallops, shrimp and other goodies.  It has been a few days since this meal so I don't remember everything that was in it.
For dessert we had a creme brulee cheesecake which was unbelievable.  Not too sweet.  Not too heavy.  What an ending to this dinner.
I am going to remember this one for a long time.Aside from excellent food, the service is great.  The waiters really take care of you and go out of their way to make sure your experience is great.  The specials are always the best option and the grilled calamari.Authentic Italian Eatery. We started out with the grilled calamari which was tantalizing to the palet. It had great taste and they gave you a large amount for the value of the dollar. I had the Lobster Ravioli and it also had a great taste. The restaurant is located in Olde City Philadelphia and it has a great atmosphere. If you like a loud restaurant and close dinning with your fellow "restaurant guest" this is a great place to go. The service was great and will definitely be revisited in the near future.Also the restaurant is a BYOB so bring a great bottle of wine.What a lovely little place!  My friend swears that on a slightly less crowded night, it can be very romantic - my experience was definitely more lively than romantic, but no complaints to that.  My friend is a semi-regular, so I took her word for it and met her here at 7pm on a Thursday.  It was busy - every table was filled, and there was a group waiting ahead of us (they don't take reservations), but we put our name in anyway and retreated to the storm door area, which was furnished with a stand heater - such an appreciated and memorable touch to combat the below-freezing temps.  We waited just 5 minutes before the nice man poked his head outside and told us he had a table ready.  
The service was great - our waiter knew the menu inside & out and was just the right amount of friendly, chatting up my friend about their shared love for and knowledge of fancy cheeses.
It's BYO - we brought champagne, as that was the only thing we had readily available, and our waiter immediately brought out a stand and starting chilling it with lots of ice, cold water, and salt - smart, efficient, and attentive.  He back in a flash with pre-chilled champagne glasses, too - impressive.
The atmosphere is bright, slightly rustic, inviting, warm.  Tables are a little close together and chatter fills the room (some of the reasons why I didn't get the romantic vibe) but we were completely comfortable and could carry on conversation across the table with no problem.
Their menu is what I consider an awesome balance of innovative and classic.  We started with the ricchi e poveri salad, which is asparagus, shrimp, and cannelloni beans - an unexpectedly perfect combination of flavors - and grilled calamari with arugula and capers, one of the specials that night - delicious and cooked well (not overcooked as so many places do).  We split another of the specials for our entree - homemade squid ink pasta with mushrooms, spicy tomatoes, scallops, and shrimp.  The squid ink gave the pasta a little twist, and the spiciness of the tomatoes gave it a little kick.  
I absolutely loved everything we ate, and I would come back in a heartbeat.Best lobster raviolis I have ever had. Service was impeccable. Servers were attentive but not overbearing. The red sauce got the mussels was incredible!Bad, highly overpriced food and uncaring wait staff.  Absolutely the worst Italian food of my life.  Maybe we had bad luck going on a Monday night, but the whole meal  (including the "fresh" sole)  tasted like it was microwaved after sitting in the freezer for a year.First, thank you to my friends. They raved about this place before I moved to Philadelphia. Next, I thought it safe to check with yelp. Thank you as well.
I was more than impressed with this place. It was Italian, but not the typical dishes you expect. I'll go to Ralph's for veal parmesan or spaghetti bolognese, but the menu is a bit more interesting here. And it's a BYOB.
The wife and I split the mussels for an appetizer and both ordered pasta dishes with seafood. The taste was fresh. The pink cream sauce on the farfalle delizia was incredibly rich. The farfalle positano was light, letting the natural flavor of the food (especially the crab meat) come through.
The service wasn't super-speedy, but they were rather busy (on a weeknight, that's a good thing to see - it says something). And honestly, I never sit down for Italian when I'm in a hurry; it's just not right!
I only give 5 stars to restaurants that I've frequented more than just once or twice, but I'd love to see a repeat performance. If I do, I will gladly return with a 5-star rating!
PS: Please, please, please don't bring your kids! Give us a break at least once!Not only does this place have the best sauce I have ever tasted (The Farfalle Delizia), it is one of the most romantic restaurants you can go to.  Old Italian couples will sit right next to you and you will hear them speaking Italian as you request for more bread from your waiter to soak up every bit of the garlic broth that comes with mussels.  The service is amazing and the price is just right.  There is no better Italian BYO in the city for the price and the ambiance is unbeatableThe worst costumer service ever, rude server, he was rushing me the whole time, I'm never coming back, the food was decent but because of the service I won't come back!Came with a group with out of town guests.  This BYOB restaurant is cozy with a great vibe.  The service was attentive and the food fresh and delicious.  The Halibut I had was perfectly cooked and great flavor also.  The Octopus App was an adventure for most of us.  It was exquisite.  
Everyone enjoyed their entree and the shared apps.  Will definitely go back.Went here for my boyfriend's birthday dinner with his mom and grandparents. As soon as we walked through the door we were greeted by a very nice and helpful waiter. The service throughout was great! So helpful and attentive. And the food was soooo good. I lived in Rome for 4 months so I am a bit of a harsh judge of pasta, but this was the real deal. I got the Rigatoni Toto which was amazing, and everyone else seemed pleased with their dishes as well. I would definitely go again.An absolute gem!!! I love love love this place. AMAZING FOOD...WONDERFUL SERVICE....and its so cute and cozy inside. One of my favorites!I was pretty smitten with dinner at Radicchio Cafe. I dined with a group of six for a birthday and we tried a lot of food, all of it eliciting raves from the table.  My husband and I are vegetarian and they happily accepted changes to our orders.  Their tomato sauce is already veg so nixing the meat on most entrees will immediately transform it into veggie goodness.  I opted for a chicken and broccoli cavatelli sans chicken, with mushrooms.  Everyone at the table coveted my meal.  Bread and a plate of bruschetta were complimentary and the appetizers were generous portions, as were the entrees.  They had a ton of special additions to their menu and they were delicious.  If you can get your mouth on the smoked mozzarella, mushroom and balsamic reduction do it!  It's byo and they don't take reservations.  We waited about half an hour for a six top to open, which didn't seem terrible to me at 8:30 on a Saturday night.  2 salads, 4 apps, 6 entrees and 4 coffee drinks set us back a mere $203.  They were also kind enough to bring out a birthday cake we brought, candle lit and then slice and serve it to us.  The service was a little slow, but in a good laid back way, not in an annoying way.  
Oh and we just happened to sit at a table inches from Chase Utley. So you know, we had that going for us, which was nice.My family of 6 visited Radicchio Cafe on vacation in Philly and were only moderately happy.  The service was good, they put two outside tables together for us and our water was very friendly and knew the specials down pat.  For the first course we ordered arugula salad with toasted pine nuts, warm goat cheese and balsamic vinagrette, a bruschetta with mozzerella and proscuitto, and fried calamari, all of which were excellent-- tasty and fresh.  But the entrees were not impressive.  My "chicken soprano" had almost no flavor, my brother's pasta with "arrabiatta" sauce was hardly spicy and my other brother got bad mussels, but one was so bad tasting that he was afraid to eat the rest of them.  For the prices I expected more.  If you go here, order appetizers.Radicchio is a small Italian BYO with fresh pastas and seafood that doesn't take reservations. I finally visited last week and it did not disappoint. Our group ordered the beef carpaccio special and the grilled octopus to start and the gnocchi and branzino for my main course. The carpaccio was thinly sliced tender beef topped with arugula, capers and shaved parmesan cheese, very flavorful and the parmesan was out of this world - delicious. The octopus was grilled and served with arugula, capers, tomatoes and olives - it was tender and grilled perfectly - portion size was good as well.
I cannot seem to stray away from ordering branzino if it's on the menu, the branzino was cooked perfectly and extremely fresh, my only complaint was with the plating - too much olive oil was poured and this overpowered the mild flavor of the branzino. Though I am not sure the gnocchi is hand made in house (appears to be the kind you can buy in the supermarket), the tomato sauce served on the pasta was AMAZING. Truly, this tomato sauce is the best I've ever eaten. I am not sure if there is nicotine or crack in the sauce, but I would put this on anything and I instantly became a fat kid and used the remaining bread from the basket to soak up the awesome sauce.
I was too full to try desserts, but they looked amazing. The restaurant itself is a cute neighborhood place where I imagine regulars are treated like family. While there I noticed that Sotto (in my neighborhood) is under the same ownership, which made sense given the similar menu items. Sotto is delicious as well and given it is only 3 blocks from my apartment, it is the only reason I won't be frequently visiting Radicchio.Radicchio Cafe is amazing. It is a bit far away from Rittenhouse Square and the city center but it is worth the trek. The food is fresh and delicious and everything is made in-house. Their menu is a bit limited but they often have specials which make up for this. Get a fresh fish and their spaghetti - you won't regret it!Went here last night with a few coworkers and enjoyed my dinner very much.  The place is small and can get loud, but our food was served quickly and hot. I had the buffalo mozzarella appetizer which was awesome and a fettuccine meatball dish which was good, I just prefer maybe more meatballs? But it was very good and I left satisfied but not over stuffed. Will definitely be back!Eggplant parm appetizer so tender and subtle, mmm! Beet salad w/goat cheese. Appealing and savory tomato sauce. Spaghetti cooked perfectly al-dente. It can feel cramped or cozy, depending on your mood, but the wait is rarely long (no reservations). Bring a great bottle of wine with you.tried radicchio cafe for the 1st time.  food was solid and service was good.  byob is always a plus.  cozy place with a relaxing vibe...Ok, this is my first review, so take it how you please. However, I frequently visit the best of the best - from restaurants to hotels - and thoroughly enjoy a great service and product. Here's my take on Radicchio....
We started off with the Buffalo Mozzarella. It was quite tasty, but the tomatoes were not salted, or at least I could not taste a trace of salt. Culinary rule #1, use salt. Especially tomatoes. Season every individual part of the meal. Regardless, the tomatoes were room temperature and that was pleasing. I'd give this a 6 out of 10; I just ate at Osteria del Cinghiale Bianco in Firenze, Italy, and that Buffalo Mozzarella was a 10/10. 
Entre #1: Gnocchi Al Pomodoro. Yikes. This fell flat on every aspect. The gnocchi was so dense and potato like. Heavy, filling and kind of grainy. Not pleasant on the palette. Also, their 'famous homemade tomatoes sauce' was severely lacking. Again, SALT! Please, chef, introduce salt to your tomatoes. This is Italian cooking. Highlight the simplicity of the ingredients by adding some salt. Tomatoes especially (Again). Salt, Salt, Salt. I also had tomato skins running throughout. Again, not pleasant on the palette. I'd give this a 2 out of 10; I can make a much better product at home.
Entre #2: Fusilli Toto. Best dish we had at Radicchio. Finally, we had some salt; we could begin to taste the ingredients. The scallops were cooked perfectly, and just melted in our mouth. The sauce was a solid 7 out of 10, and the pasta was cooked well. My only complaint was that the shrimp were overcooked, which is usually the case in most restaurants. Since this is a pasta dish, the shrimp will continue to cook in the (hot) sauce, so undercook those suckers! I'd give this a 6.5 out of 10.
Entre #3: Chicken Sorrentina. This was, ok. Not bad, not great, but passable. The chicken was a hair too dry (Go to A Mano and order their Chicken Milanese - so moist that it's to die for), though it was perfectly crispy. Again, the sauce. PLEASE, for the sake of Italian cooking, PLEASE, recreate your sauce. It's quite bad. Seriously. I'd give this a 6 out of 10.
Maybe I had an off night? Regardless, I was given what I was given. Would I go back or recommend them? Not a chance. I seriously have a love affair with A Mano, and I have yet to find an Italian restaurant I love as much. Vetri, you're great and all, but balance. Balance your tasting - it's too heavy. 
So, there you have it. An unbiased review given by a new guy to yelp, but a guy well-traveled. 
Side note: I think Cindy is bit critical/ignorant when she states "This is a white trash 'Fancy Night Out' restaurant." However, in some respects, she is right. This place is nothing fancy. Too many other great spots to go in Philadelphia.
Good luck, Radicchio!Fresh, byob and delicious!!!  Get the pasta if you go, that is what they do best.  Parking in this area isn't the best but worth the visit.Great Italian BYOB with delicious pastas and appetizers. Fairly priced. Go for the calimari app and orrechiette with chicken and broccoli. Decent cannolis as well. Winning spot for a date or family dinner.Simply put, my favorite BYOB in the city.  Consistently excellent food at unbeatable prices.Best Italian in Olde City and one of the best lunches in the city. Everything is fresh and excellent prices and portions. If it's nice out sit outside. Not a spaghetti and meatball place so if u like Olive Garden, this isn't ur place. If you want authentic Italian, this is one of the best!!I absolutely loved this place. Granted I only just came here for the first time. 
The place is a tiny byob. There is not much room for the servers to maneuver, or hang out if you have to wait to be seated, but the food was delicious and the staff friendly and accomodating. 
My family and I shared a few appetizers. Grilled octopus, grilled calamari, and ricci e poveri, all of which were delicious. The seafood was cooked just right and not overdone or rubbery. 
For our entrées we selected to share lobster ravioli and branzino. The lobster ravioli actually had lobster in it. Many other places just put a seafood based sauce over it. The branzino was light and flavorful and accompanied by vegetables. This was a nice contrast to the heavier ravioli. They cook the whole fish and give you the option of filleting it for you or doing it yourself. 
For dessert I recommend the limoncello sorbet. It was a refreshing way to end the meal!We are are loyal customers of Radicchio for many years. However after dining there last night we realized that the quality of the cuisine which Radicchio was know in the past is slowly slipping away.
The Eggplant Parmigiana was nothing than deep fried and greasy eggplant with overheated tons of mozzarella slapped on top of it. Their Chicken Sorrentino was heavily fried chicken breast , totally dry with some melted Parmigiana on top , sloppily prepared and equally sloppily presented.The place was overcrowded with customers crammed in to the point that I was constantly hit by rushing waiters who simply did not care hitting my chair and /or table over and over again , most of the time not even being aware of this or apologizing. The only redeeming dish was still the Grilled Octopus despite the fact that they removed the Garbanzo Beans from it. It is still excellent! This used to be a fine dining place , it really became an eatery.
The owners of Radicchio must decide how they want to proceed before its loyal customers will be slowly abandoning  the place hoping to find  another Bistro Julianna again....Hands down this is my favorite Italian spot in Philly. Absolutely loved the food. The staff there are very nice and they are very accommodating! 10/5 for this place!My fiance and I visit Radicchio at least once a month.  Delicious food and excellent service.  My absolute favorite dish in the city is their grilled calamari...mmmmm!!!  I highly recommend!!  Only downside is they don't accept reservations.  It is a pretty small place and gets filled quickly (because its great!) so you  may have to wait a bit...but..its worth the wait!An old favorite has gone downhill.
Terrible mussels, dry fish, ok pasta.
We used to love this byoI spent one summer working in Philadelphia and are here 4 times. When I get a taste for Italian, I semi-convince myself to do the 9 hour drive from Detroit to Radicchio just for their penne with blush sauce and crab. 
I mean, I am still dreaming about their amazing food, friendly staff, and romantic charm 2 years later. Please don't tell me you live in Philly and pass up the chance to dine here regularly!! 
As stated, I ordered off the menu (thanks to a Yelp tip!).... I ordered a penne paste with crab dreamily blended with a creamy, delicately rich blush sauce.  The crab added a sweet taste and creamy texture alongside properly prepared al dente pasta. Highly recommended. 
I cannot remember exactly what other meals I had here but what I do know is everything I ate during my visits was prepared properly and exceptionally. Nothing I ate was simply ok-- everything was enough to rave about and hands were flying between my plate and my guests. Food was served with friendliness and care and I could expect an intimate dining experience with a friendly buzz surrounding our table.This is a bit of a hike from the main downtown area, but there is plentiful street parking, even if you may have to circle a little bit.  They also don't take reservations, so unless you time it just right, you may have to wait a little bit for a table as well.  
Food wise - this was some of the best food I have had at a restaurant in a while.  We started with a calamari/octopus special, both of which were the best calamari/octopus I think I have ever had.  Main dish was lamb chops, which, although slightly overcooked (medium well instead of medium rare), but it actually wasn't dry or chewy.  Flavor was great.  A lot of choices for the menu, and the specials also sounded delicious. 
It is a BYOB, which allows you to a) save on the bill, and b) drink what you want with your meal.  
I know there are a lot of good places to eat in Philly, but I would absolutely come back here for another great meal!I just moved to Philly from the suburbs and was worried about finding a small Italian place that would still have a home-y feel, especially in Old City. Raddicchio Cafe came pretty darn close to my all time favorite Italian restaurant, Bona Cucina (in Upper Darby, PA... amazing). 
The food is delicious (I ate off of everyone's plates to check hehe). I had the buffalo mozzarella as an app and a special for my entree that I sadly can't remember the name of right now. Food portions are sizeable so I took a doggie bag home (best part of Italian restaurants). 
The staff is friendly, amusing, and attentive. We kind of stumbled upon this place while wandering so we sadly didn't bring a bottle of wine (it's BYO), but the waiter told us not to worry and brought a bottle out for us. With customer service like that, I'm sure to return!A great BYO! I hosted my husband's surprise birthday dinner at Radiccio's. The manager was amazing help prior to the day and accommodated our table of 16. Food was delicious and staff was great!Had the Tiramisu a few months ago and am now ever disappointed in any other restaurants'. Thanks Riddicchio Cafe.
*Haven't actually had a meal here yet, but I am sure its wonderful
The Four stars goes purely to our desert, service and atmosphere*Scrumptious BYO locates away from the typical hustle and bustle of the City of (not so) Brotherly Love! We waited about 20 mins for a table, but boy oh boy, it was worth it!! The menu is extensive and thoughtful, with every item looking more inviting than the last! I would give this place a 10/10 on ambiance - it was busy and fun but not too loud. I heard this is where Tony Soprano used to eat whenever he visited Philly!Sooo disappointed. Expected better. Was meh. Caesar salad lacked flavor. Got the homemade pappardelle with fresh seafood.  Was not homemade or fresh. The seafood was frozen (unshelled) and the pappardelle was boxed. And way too salty. Mentioned to the waiters it was too salty and they said, "ohhhh". Portions were tiny for the price. Not authentic Italian food. Not returning for seconds.Delicious dinner on multiple occasions.  I would recommend Radicchio for a nice safe meal.  They take a few chances with the menu but the comfort food is the bread and butter.  Very nice space and accommodating staff.  I am not in this neighborhood very often but it seems to be a popular spot rightfully so.My favorite restaurant in the city. I have NEVER been disappointed. It's always consistently delicious and fresh. The lobster ravioli that they have on special a lot is my favorite. And the octopus, perfect. So charred and grilly. Amazing.This place is a true delight. When you step through the door, you're immediately drawn into the cozy atmosphere- soft lighting, candlelit tables, and charming decor. I first noticed the wall of wine corks, if that's any indication of how much fun is had at this great little BYOB spot!
This is an excellent place for groups and the host graciously accommodated our party of 6 by pulling tables together. The service could not have been nicer or more attentive. The waiter recited all of the specials from memory and made each of them sound so magical and delicious. He obviously did a great job, because we ordered all of our appetizers from the special menu! 
everything we ordered was so fresh, light and uniquely flavored. This is great Italian food, the kind that makes you feel good after eating it. Not heavy, but delicately prepared.
-if they have the burrata, it's a must! it's not just a ball of cheese, it's so much more than that
. 
-the artichoke hearts were awesome, not as conducive to sharing so I was happy to hog the whole plate! they're served with arugula and tomatoes with a nice touch of lemon. 
-the combination appetizer of octopus and calamari was a complete stand out! it's grilled, not grossly fried like you usually see it. 
My main dish was the pasta matriciana, perfectly al dente with a beautiful and light red sauce. the pancetta added great flavor and texture to the dish. 
For dessert, you need the tiramisu! so fluffy and delicious, definitely homemade. Hold off on the cannoli, it's nothing to write home about...order 2 tiramisus instead!!
Needless to say, this place is incredible and I can't wait to bring my family here next time they are in town!I really enjoyed this place.  I had a bow tie pasta with a cream vodka sauce with shrimp and scallops.  The scallops were done to perfection the  sauce was tasty and satisfying.  I really enjoyed my meal with my wife that had a version of a chicken parm she finished  it all with is a compliment in itself.  Did I mention that it's a byob. It's worth a date night out to experience this place.I am a big fan of Radicchio and have enjoyed several 5 star quality meals there.  The gnocchi bolognese is immensely flavorful, the bruchetta tingles my taste buds and I would literally fight an old blind woman for the last bite of the chicken milanese.  I'm not kidding.  Then why the 4 stars?  The scallop appetizer (and I LOVE scallops) is consistently flat and occasionally the food can be a bit plain (consistency).  Overall, the service is always helpful and friendly and there is a good chance that you will enjoy a 5 star quality meal (and as a byo, the prices at the end of the night are reasonable).  I have had enough 3 star meals at Radicchio, however, to keep me from giving a full 5 stars.  That will not stop me from making this one of my favorite spots and any invitation to the restaurant will always be met with a resounding yes.5 star rating just goes to my fave Italian dish of Rigatoni Matriciana. Had it in Rome and have been craving it ever since.My wife and I have been three times and I'm sure we will go another. Great BYO. Romantic atmosphere. Had gnocchi the last time and it was great.One of the best Italian restaurants in the city! It's a small place but very cozy and with comfortable seating. Our waiter was nice and friendly. 
We ordered salad to share as appetizer, it was very delicious and fresh! For entree, the pink vodka source pasta was fantastic! I will go back to have it again for sure! 
It's also a BYOB restaurant, don't forget to enjoy your favorite bottle with this delicious food!After having a memory-filled pre-Christmas dinner party here a few weeks ago with a party of 17, I had to stop in and pay homage to my favorite BYOB in Philadelphia.
The service is unbelievable.  Owners are some of the nicest people I know.  The food is top notch and it's fun to listen to their thick Italian accents recite the specials and then ask them to repeat again and again..
Although rarely a creature of habit, I cannot stray from my favorite dish here - Organic Multigrain Penne with Chicken and Broccoli, served in a light oil and garlic sauce and heaped high with shaved dry ricotta.   
They don't take reservations, but in the warmer months, they provide wine glasses to your party upon arrival to crack a bottle open outside as you wait.
Also take note when there of the older gentleman finely dressed and usually posted up in a window seat.  He dines here nearly every night.  It's on my bucket list to join him one of these days and learn his story.
Lovely, lovely place.  6 Stars, molto bene!!My boyfriend took me here for our anniversary dinner. The service was pretty good and the food was delicious! 
We both chose specials for our entrees. Mine had taglatelle with some vegetables and scallops in a light wine sauce, and my boyfriend's dish had gnocchi, beef, vegetables, and a creamier sauce. The pasta didn't seem like it was made fresh, but the ingredients were pretty good. We also had the buffalo mozzarella appetizer, as well as tiramisu and cannoli for dessert. The cannoli were just OK, but the tiramisu was probably one of the best I've had. 
Seating was a bit tight, but it we were there early in the evening, so it wasn't too crowded. Due to the set-up, it's probably a better place for smaller parties rather than large groups.The windows are huge, so there is a lot of natural light. Overall, this is a cute BYOB with very decent food at very decent prices.Fantastico!
Purposely went a little later around 8:30 mid week just to make sure I wasn't waiting. It was pleasantly filled but not overcrowded. I am not even a veal milanese fan but when the lady next to me got it set down in front of her I asked "what is that?" I didn't recognize milanese with arugula, tomato and artichoke hearts I almost asked her if I could try a bite it looked so good; I ended up going with it and not disappointed. A must try. I'll be back to this place.Unfortunately, not as good as it's been in the past, and it pains me to say this, as I was really looking forward to dinner there. Very very cramped, way too many tables for the room, so jostling by fellow diners and wait staff was constant. Many tables out on the sidewalk, far too many for the staff to cover, so service, while polite, was way way way to rushed for our taste. 
Food was good, but for instance my appetizer was served long before my wife's, so my grilled octopus, while tasty and perfectly cooked, was room temperature by the time I started to eat. Other diners constantly apologizing for brushing past us while squeezing past the obviously too closely spaced tables made for a bit of embarrassment on their part. Having someone's legs and behind bumping you on the elbow while you lift your fork makes for a less than relaxing experience. Food: good, not great. Atmosphere: needs work. We'll come again, but will be sure to be seated along the wall so we don't feel like we're on an airliner sitting in coach near the toilet.This place has a tell-tale line out the door most of time, which says "I'm Delicious!"  It lies not.  
It's a tight byob, but for some reason I'm more comfortable here than Audrey Claire (despite seemingly more room.)  I haven't had a bad meal here yet.  Are you adventurous?  Try the salad with grilled calamari!  The specials are always...uh special!  It's soo hard to choose, though the menu isn't THAT jam-packed as opposed to Cheesecake Factory (not making any comparisons food-wise.)  
My final and regrettable suggestion is to ask for the pasta "Granziola".  it is not on the menu, and the waiters pretend to not know what it is...but it is amazing!  My wife or I unconditionally order it, while the other try's a special.  
Well, I actually regret reviewing this place because that means more of you will go and there will be a longer line.  Go early if you need to hurry.My first BYO in a city full of them!  I came with a few girlfriends, which provided a good opportunity to sample dishes.  
We started with the buffalo mozzarella, which was only big enough for 4 people to each get a slice of grilled zucchini topped with cheese, but still tasty - the zucchini was done perfectly.
We then split 2 Rigatoni Toto (with shallots and prosciutto in pink vodka sauce); 1 Cavatelli with cheese, broccoli, and chicken; and 1 Paccheri in a red sauce.  By far, the Toto sauce was the best - very flavorful without being overwhelming.  The Cavatelli was good but more subtle, with the chicken being a bit dry (although in fairness we ordered it on the side).  Portions were generous and fair for the price.
The servers rotated in dizzying fashion, but we were never neglected.  The restaurant was very accommodating for vegetarians, willing to exclude meat or put it on the side.Food was excellent. Service was equally excellent. It's the perfect quite neighborhood restaurant. It's also BYOB and no corking fee. If you want some great Italian food in the normally hectic Old City neighborhood, go to Radicchio CafeMe and the lady's favorite restaurant. Great service, it's like they had special training before working here. Genuinely nice people and food is always fresh and tasty. One of the must haves is the grilled octopus, the dish is shiny and spotless by the time we are done with it. BYOB! Take your boo hereThis is a local favorite that I eat at about once a month.  The food is delicious and it has that old world Italian style. The waiters are cordial but not patronizingly cheery.  
My favorite dish is either the Penne Toto (penne Vodka) or any of their fish specials which they present and serve table side. 
Also, it's a BYOB in Philly which equates to small and at times loud. That being said the charm still makes it a great date spot. 
I walk to the restaurant but if you have to drive I imagine finding a spot would not be easy.We went here on a recommendation and reading the great reviews, we wanted to try it instead. We went there on a Saturday night at 8:30 and were seated at 8:50. I didnt see anything I liked on the salad menu so when he server told us about the 2 color beet salad with gorgonzola cheese, I promptly ordered it since i love beet salads. I regret to say that I had to send it back because it was dripping with balsamic vinegar and no olive oil. The portion was enormous and the beets were cut in huge chunks. The waiter got an attitude when I told him I didn't like it. My husband had the mussels which were very fresh but nothing special.
For the main course, we shared a whole branzino which delicious. The homemade tiramisu was good as well. The prices were definitely good, and the outdoor seating lovely.Been here a few times. The first 3 times food was great and service was ok. This Friday I went again and the food was ok and the service was horrible. The waiter pretty much ruined this place for us and we were extremely disappointed. He had no personality and was basically rushing us out. Not so sure I'd go back.Not sure if they had a bad night or if this place is just not good. Sausage and broccoli rabe app was weak. Poor quality Italian sausage and flavorless broccoli rabe. The fresh mozz, tomato, prosciutto came out on pita bread. Octopos and squid was chewy. The lamb entree was overlooked, dry and bland.What a lovely BYOB in old city. I enjoyed the food and service here. One thing to have is the the octopus salad and their cannoli. Everything is so good here that you will want to just keep eating.This is a nice little neighborhood gem. We live closeby and always default to eating here when we want a nice easy date night with BYOB. Reliable menu and food and nice to be able to eat outside on a sunny day.This resturant is awesome!  Great byob with delicious food.  They do not take reservations, but when the weather is nice they let you open your bottle and give you glasses  to drink and soacialize while you wait.  One of my favorite places in the city.Radicchio had an excellent menu and great, warm ambience on a cold and rainy Friday night.  We really enjoyed both the eggplant appetiser, lobster ravioli with seafood sauce, and veal chop.  Also had a nice dessert to split. My only regret was that I did not know it was BYOB until it was too late to get a good wine (a nice red Tuscan would have been best).good food I got a order to go it was a pasta with crab meat and it was good it came with some bread container not so good leaked half way home.This resturant has a very romantic atmosphere it is not that large so make sure you get there during the week when it is not so crowded. The food is out of this world. I highly reccomend this resturant.  It's a BYOB so don't forget yours.  Get there again around 5:00 PM if you get there later you may have to wait awhile for a table. Plus again it's the city and you have to find parking.  This is a MUST try and you won't be dissapointed.Really cute place. The atmosphere was lively and the waitstaff were professional and aimed to please. The food was excellent.  I know it's the case with a lot of places, but it was annoying that they didn't take reservations. Also, we walked in to put our names down but it wasn't obvious where you could do that or with whom. Overall, a nice place, great food, and I'd return.Great food, very large portions-- could be served family style if interested. BYOB. Servers are very friendly. It is a cute romantic corner restaurant.I am giving Radicchio 3  1/2 stars.  The restaurant was a BYOB which is great.  When we walked in the Host sat us immediately.  It took a while for us to get menus.  We started with a buffalo mozzarella and a beet salad.  Both were YUMMY!  Then for my entrée I order the Whole wheat penne with chicken and broccoli.  Well they did not have penne and they substituted it with spaghetti, my friend ordered the Penne Positano but again they substitute it with bowtie pasta and my sister order the Farfalle Toto, no substitutions there.  My entrée came out lukewarm, I should have returned it to be heated up a little longer but I was hungry and it was still okay but if it had come out really hot it would have been great.  When it was time to pay the check, I gave them my credit card and they did not accept credit cards.  WHAT!!!  When we walked in the restaurant the sign that said 'No Credit Cards' was not in the window.  That was a little disappointing.   Would I go again, I would because the overall experience was good.Great service, great food.  The servers and host (owner? matrie d'?) worked the place seamlessly.  The place is tight, so be prepared to be asked to scoot in semi-frequently depending on where you're sitting.  Amazing food.  I had the lamb ragu and it was delicious.  I savored every bite.  I think they take reservations, it's BYOB.  Simply the best Italian food I've had in a long time.Haven't been there in a while but going Friday, woo-hoo!  I love this place.  Maybe its the quality and atmosphere at a good price point.  My husband and I usually split a first course (their anti-pasto is super) and get our own main and dessert -- the total with tip is aroun $70.  Couple that with the fact that they are a BYOB and -jackpot!  I have only been to Italy once but this place totally remonded me of it, the simple fresh flavors and the bustling, loud atmosphere makes for a really fun dinner.I will definitely go back here. BYOB's are hard to come by in Philly, and this one is great.
The food and service exceeded expectations. These are real Italians that want you to feel at home. 
We had about 10 people with us, and we couldn't make a reservation. They accomodated our entire party. The place is small and cozy, and they managed to seat us all close to eachother. 
The calamari appetizer was seasoned so well. The entrees were smaller than I would have liked but still filling and yummy. 
Recommend !!!Went there with our friends last night, locals ( they live across the street ). I was impressed with food, the service, the rustic ambience, just everything. I want to try everything on the menu. I may have been overheard saying: "wow, the marinara is better than the one I make". Nice touch: a little biscotti at the meal's end. Oh, it's BYOB, a real money saver.This is a surprisingly outstanding Italian restaurant, off the beaten path in Old City. Every dish I have tried has not just been good, but excellent! The sauces are the big star here; make sure to save a couple pieces of bread for dipping. The menu prices may be slightly higher than average, but the portion sizes are large, plus it is a BYOB!We hadn't been here in a long while but the place is still great. Radicchio is a very popular BYOB that does not take reservations. Our party of three went on a Wednesday night and the place was packed both inside and outside. We waited for about 40 minutes and it was all uphill from here.
I forgot how great the food is a this restaurant. We began with a large arugula salad that we ended up splitting three ways. Great homemade dressing with quality Olive oil. Tomato bruschetta was brought for the table and was a nice touch. We next shared an appetizer special of eggplant parmesan that was fresh, large, and outstanding. My wife had the Langostino entrée which she enjoyed but was slightly overdone and made it difficult to remove from the shells. Our son and me enjoyed our pasta entrees he had a scallop and shrimp fusilli in a blush sauce and I had a crabmeat pasta in a very light white sauce. Both entrees were outstanding and large, we both took to go boxes. We loved the food, only downside is the wait, but the food is worth waiting for.I've heard so many good things about this place.
I had my birthday dinner there this past weekend. The service was truly terrible. Our server was arrogant and super slow. 
Onto the food. The bread was honestly some of the best Italian bread I've ever had. It would've been more enjoyable if our table had olive oil on it like the other tables did. The artichoke app was mediocre. My branzino was delicious. It was a really small portion but the taste was great. My girlfriend ordered the pasta and crab dish. There was much minimal crab and it was bland.
I won't be going back here.Always skeptical of eating at Italian restaurants but was in the mood.  Great little place.  Perfect date atmosphere.  We were there with 5 children and received many compliments from other guests.  I gloat because our children know how to behave in public places.  Anyway the food was really good.   Go there for a date.  We were the only ones there with kids.one of my fav byobs in philly. the food is always on point. it is fresh and yummy. i love their pasta dishes. and their fish is so good. i do prefer to go lunch time. no wait and much less expensive. the service is great. i have nothing bad to say.Awesome authentic Italian byob restaurant with really nice outdoor seating. My fiance and I had the grilled octopus for an appetizer which was ridiculously good. The entrees we had (penne positano and branzino) were also really good. Also love the linguini con gamberi (linguini, jumbo shrimp, mushrooms in red sauce). Being waited on by Paul is worth the experience itself. He is the excellence of execution, the best there is, the best there was, and the best there ever will be. Can't wait to go back again.Wow, are these guys efficient!  I think that our water and wine was poured before we even took our coats off.  The servers were quite friendly as well.  I ordered the Farfalle Positano and it was delicious.  The garlic and oil sauce was fantastic.  There were a variety of pasta options available, so I will be sure to go back again and try some more.
Even though they keep things moving pretty quickly, expect a little bit of a wait on a Friday or Saturday night.  We arrived at 6:00 on a Saturday and just beat the crowd.Everything here is EXCELLENT! We came here to celebrate my dad's birthday and loved it. To start, the octopus salad was grilled to perfection. We had three entrees and they were all exceptional - the crab meat pasta (with huge, fresh chunks of crab!), the pasta tre colori and the Chicken Laconda. Service was very friendly as well. Best pasta we've had in Philly so far, highly recommend!The food here is just terrific. It's the service that really disappointed me on my last visit. It was a Thursday night. Fairly busy, but we were seated within 15 mins. For the rest of the evening, though, I felt mostly ignored. Did you ever go to a spot where you feel like an outsider, like everyone else is a "friend" but you are a stranger? That's how we felt. I watched waiters dote on other diners--filling water, checking in--but I had to flag someone down from across the room to get a water refill. The worst part, though, was when--in the MIDDLE of our meal--a waiter asked us to move to another table so they could accommodate a big group. Up we went, dragging our plates and wine. I really felt disrespected--as though the other customers were more valuable than we were.
Pasta was great and the broccoli rabe with sausages is excellent. I just wish the service was as expertly prepared.There has been so much love and hype over this place, I was expecting this place to blow me away.  Maybe it's like when everyone and their mom tells you a movie is awesome and you watch it and it sucks because your expectations unconsciously got very high.  Anyway, we arrived early on a Friday night to make sure we didn't have to wait too long.  We brought a 1.5L of red wine because we were expecting the night to be a nice long one with great food.  We knew it would be very crowded so we weren't surprised by the wait of 30 minutes.  There were lots of other parties waiting as well.  This place is right next to a highway so even though whoever did it did a good job of making a "promenade" next to the highway, you can't ignore the giant highway (altho it is surprisingly quiet).
Outdoor seating was all taken as well but there is this cute little black bench so a waiter brought us 2 wine glasses and we popped open our bottle.  After we were seated inside, we noticed that the waiters walk as if their feet weigh 100 lbs each.  It was so unpleasant as we felt the floor shake--the waiters were running back and forth from the kitchen and we could hardly talk over all the banging of their feet.  
So onto the food.  It's been a little bit since we came here but the bruschetta we ordered was quite bland.  I'm obsessed with bruschetta and this one did not suit my palate.  The Penne toto that everyone seems to love was not so great (have you tried the vodka sauce at Pietro's?  it's totally different and I find it has a lot more flavor)  I was so unimpressed by this place, I don't even remember the other entree we ordered.  Maybe our dishes were off or whatever but I won't be back here again.I have been going to Radicchio ever since it opened and got Philly Mag's beat Italian Byob a number of years ago.  It was always delicious with fresh ingredients and a lively atmosphere. And best of all, affordable.  
The only thing I got a little annoyed with was the maître d' (maybe he's the owner, I don't know). He can be a little gruff sometimes and on one occasion, when my older cousin from out of town was dissatisfied with the service and left a small (10%) tip, the maître d' actually confronted me over it!  He said "what's this?" And I had to explain that my cousin was dissatisfied.  
Anyway, I returned with my mom the other night after a 6 month hiatus.  The prices have gone up.  The penne delicia, for example, which is a shrimp/scallop pasta (very good) was disappointingly up to $21.  Im afraid this little gem of a restaurant has gone beyond my price range.  For two, with one dessert (keep in mind, it's a byob) was over $100 with tip.  I was disappointed that it's gotten pricey.  Still a nice place and I like the lively atmosphere and food, but I won't be back so soon.The Gorgonzola Salad, lobster Ravioli, Veal chops, truly have eaten here for 14yrs weekly. I love it!!I'm so happy we finally found an Italian restaurant that is good and affordable! They keep things simple yet are very attentive to their dishes.  I had the lobster ravioli.  I was sceptical at first because some Italian places jip you on the lobster and only give you like two raviolis.  Not the case here.  The execution was perfect! Lots of flavor and it was cheap! The service is also very good here.  The place books up quick so get there early.  It is worth it though and you won't break the bank!Fantastic service. BYOB. And food is authentic and fresh. Great Italian restaurant on the corner with a comfortable, conversational atmosphere. The manager and waiters here are phenomenal - they really pay attention to every detail from the courses of the meal to the wine. Top-notch gem in the neighborhood. This is a great spot for date night and dinner with a few friends.Very good food.
The place is small, but for downtown standards  is actually a decent size.
The plus: great food. You can taste the freshness in every plate you order. I got the grilled langostinos as appetizer and they were cooked perfectly, beside being delicious. My wife ordered the lobster ravioli special with shrimp and I was impressed with the flavor of the sauce. My branzino was cooked just right and tasted fresh. Service is attentive and professional.
The minus: not waiting zone inside the restaurant. If you go on a really cold or hot day, be prepared to wait outside. The octopus on the grilled octopus salad needed a bit more grilled time, and I thought it was also a bit over priced at $17.
I used to go to this restaurant often when I lived in Philly area. This restaurant has remained pretty consistent with the quality of the food and service it offers. Will definitely go back when I go visit Philly again. I strongly recommend this place. Ho forgot to say! It's BYOB so bring a bottle of your favorite wine with you and good appetite. Ciao.We are hear on vacation and took the advice of other online reviewers to give this BYOB cafe a try.  We were not disappointed.  It was a quick walk from our hotel. Our server was very friendly and helpful as we made our selections.
We split the pear salad. I had gnocchi with vodka cream sauce.  Both were delicious.
Prices were very reasonable as were serving sizes. A definite winner.Okay lets get one thing straight.. The food is phenomenal! The restaurant is a little cramped and noisy but I wouldn't have it any other way. Great place, looking forward to come back. Oh and also, cannolis.Best Italian food I've ever had, and I've been to Italy. This restaurant is only a ten minute walk from Independence Hall. Ideal for couples or families who want to enjoy a leisurely meal. 
I came here with my wife for our anniversary and Massimo and his staff were very welcoming. We had an amazing meal and I can't wait to go again and again and again.
We waited outside for 15 minutes for a table, but there are heat lamps and some outdoor tables (used for dining in the summer), making the wait comfortable. Once we were seated, it took a while to get bread, but it was so worth it. Seriously...
1) We got olives and cheese. Neither of us has ever enjoyed olives, but these olives were amazing with the cheese. What a find! I'm a total convert now.
2) Amazing bread and olive oil! Totally worth the wait.
We got the shrimp & cannellini appetizer. It was decent, but we were having such a transcendental olive experience that we barely touched it.
I am a vegetarian and was easily accommodated. Not much on the menu for vegetarians, but the waiter did not hesitate to take my request for a substitution. I got the Penne with Vodka Sauce with Sundried Tomatoes & Asparagus. Yum yum! It's not on the menu, but I think you can ask for Eggplant Parm, too. 
For dessert, we got the Tiramisu, which came with ice cream and was one of the best I've ever had. I thought the ice cream was a lovely touch. 
BYOB - we brought a red wine and a dessert wine, and our waiter put the latter in the freezer for us. 
When can I go back?4.5 stars is more accurate. Such a cute, unassuming Italian BYO. Just the right blend of old-school (waiter with an OG south philly italian accent) and modern finesse (squid ink pasta special woot woot! So hip).
Came here last night for my birthday dinner, and I was immediately charmed by the multicolored christmas lights hanging all over the walls of one side and the wall filled in with wine corks on the other side. The space is small, but cozy and inviting.
I may be slightly biased because I happened to have the best dining partner ever, but the dining experience was fantastic. Menu is on the smaller side, but I'd be willing to bet that everything is above average. We ordered:
-a caesar salad to share (the waiter split this for us without us asking which was nice), egg-heavy dressing, definitely homemade
-linguine positano (multi grain organic linguine, jumbo lump crab meat, oil, garlic, arugula and fresh tomatoes). This was delicious, very fresh tasting with an emphasis on the tomato flavor in the sauce. 
-multigrain organic linguine with chicken and broccoli in a light garlic sauce... this was hands down the winner. The kind of sauce that makes you want to straight up lick the plate and not care who sees. 
We also got a scoop of vanilla ice cream for dessert- the waiter asked to be sure that we just wanted one scoop.. he brought out two anyway and didn't charge us for it :) also came with three little baby biscottis.. fabulous. Love you, waiter.
I really like the fact that you can substitute any pasta on the menu for the whole grain linguine. Actually, I really like everything about this place. Makes me wish I was italian...*Sigh*Very professional and kind staff. From start to finish the experience was nothing less than wonderful. I recommend the grilled octopus appetizer and the bronzino as the main course. 
This is a very clean with comfortable decor. 
The wait staff were very patient. Never felt rushed. Only very much welcomed. 
I will returh.Not that living 2 blocks from here has anything to do with this ....
I have been there twice this week to take different friends out.  Very reasonable priced Italian food, not to mention in Olde City!  This place sits 50 people so a small family style restaurant.  I had pasta twice and it was great.  They let me substitute different pastas which was awesome.
Tiramisu is legit!
Atmosphere is great.  Neighborhood feel.  Good service.  They don't take reservations so be patient.
BYOB.  
Not to mention I can walk there!!  =)If you're looking for a cute neighborhood gem with good service and excellent Italian food, this is your place! Great outdoor seating with heat lanterns, easy to get to, free parking if you drive, and BYO to keep the cost in check! Cash only, tho...Celebrated a friends Birthday here. Such a cute, and cozy place. It was a total of 13 and they were able to accommodate. Even though we were celebrating a birthday with a large party the timing of food came out at a reasonable time, service was great, and everyone even help sing Happy Birthday to the Birthday Girl! I definitely suggest you arrive early to find parking or try to Uber or Lyft if you can. Definitely will be bavk for the outside dining.I had dinner here twice a couple of years ago.  Can't stop thinking about this awesome place in the Old City. Real Italian people making real food. You can't get any better than this. BYOB - awesome.I frequent Radicchio often and food is consistent. The tables are real close together which I feel is the charm of eating out at a byo; the shared experience. While i've tried nearly everything on the menu I'm still a big fan of the simply penne, chicken and broccoli dish. Also while I love Langostino  "which is neither a true lobster nor a prawn. It is more closely related to porcelain crabs and hermit crabs." wikipedia,
I've never seen them in italy however they are still delicious (pricey).Exceptional service, above the rim!!  For some strange reason, never knew this place existed.  Highly recommended for those with a discerning palate and a true understanding of quality food.Wow! Everything was better than expected, one of the best ever. To start off our waiter was great, he explained the speciality dishes as if he set you up for  a blind date with his friend. Second, the grilled calamari was on point, cook just right with rustic Italian flavor. Next was the main course "squid ink pasta" in red sauce with scallops and shrimp and the hand picked side of broccoli rabe; to die forIn Old City -- kind of hidden & hard to find, but I'm so glad we stumbled upon this place. Ridiculously delicious food, decent prices, great service, and BYOB. I wanted to lick the sauce off of my plate.An underwhelming lunch experience. Seafood pasta dish was extremely low on seafood, one tail on shrimp and two scallops. The sauce was very good but pasta and proteins were lacking. Gnocchi was average and bolognese lacked a depth in its flavor. Will try again in the future and hope for better experience.Hands down my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia. I love this place. The most simple Italian dishes that are done to perfection. Bring good friends, good wine and an empty stomach. I found my favorites and now I get the same things every time I go, which is often.Cute, great food, and wonderful to sit outside at in the summer.This is a great little Italian Byob in old city. I came here based on all the good reviews and was not disappointed. I came on a cold November thurs night, so it was pretty empty and easy to get seating. I've heard there can be quite a wait for this place otherwise. I got the mussels and clams appetizer which was good, ESP when you dip bread into the leftover sauce. I got the farfellae toto and my bf got the fettucine Telefono. My dish was amazing, I was full after a couple bites, but I finished the whole thing since it as so good. The fettucine telefono was okay, but not as good as e farfellae toto! Def check out this place! It's a nice, intimate, cozy date spot!Radicchio is one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia. I came here once last minute with a friend, forgot wine and was offered a glass by our waiter, even though of it's BYOB only status woohooo! The pasta dishes are always wonderful although I was a little underwhelmed once on my friend's dish (chicken parmesan). The portions are not obnoxiously big in anyway which works out because you can tell a lot of thought and preparation were put into your dish. It's a pretty solid dinner destination.Excellent seafood and pasta. They have a whole wall made of corks which is an amazing way to decorate. Wonderful service and a very unique atmosphere.I went there for a bridal shower and felt in love with this place! The manager was very accommodating and nice, service was great! I love the food and the ambience, and it's BYOB. Gnocchi and appetizers were divine! I'm definitely coming back!Well prepared Italian menu stalwarts with chicken and pasta always satisfying.  Reasonable prices.  Outdoor tables nice in summer.  Service good even on very busy evenings as they have been at this for a while and rarely get deep in the weeds.  Strong neighborhood following.
Note:  This review can be applied to La Jocanda del Ghiottone on Third, Roberto's on South and Pesto on Broad.  This isn't being flip.  Theirs is a bullet proof concept for a knowledgeable operator with menu items that can't be screwed up if you pay attention.  People love it and these guys do it well with no surprises.This neighborhood BYOB is very close to our apartment, so we go here quite often. The food here is not pretentious, but it has good, robust flavor.
They have our favorite octopus dishes...ever. The meat is so tender and the flavor profile is refreshing and simple. It's not on their menu but it's their "special" item (the quotes are there because it's almost always available). They have array of pasta dishes that are pretty good, too. Their lobster ravioli is good and packed with good seafood. Whole oven-roasted fish (striped bass, branzino, etc.) is also very good.
The patrons who come here are mostly people who frequent the place very often...testament of their good food, I think. The only reason for 4 stars is that recently I had their gnocchi and the tomato sauce was slightly watery. I hope that it was just that night and the quality of the food isn't deteriorating.
Overall, I would definitely recommend it. The only caveat...they don't take reservation (although the wait isn't too terrible...up to 30 minutes).I ate dinner here with my mom and sister saturday night. We arrived just before 7, and waited about 20 minutes for a table. We're an italian family and are all pretty picky about Italian food, but this place did not disappoint. The menu is pretty basic, but they offered plenty of interesting specials, liked smoked mozzarella with porcini in a balsamic reduction. My entree, lobster ravioli in a tomato cream sauce with scallops and shrimp, was fantastic. This place is BYO, and the servers will gladly chill your wine while you wait or uncork it and provide glasses so you can drink while you wait. It's a small place, and a bit loud, but the servers are attentive. The location is a bit out of the way -- there's outdoor seating with a lovely view of the freeway. But the overall charm of the place outweighs all of this.I've been to Radicchio twice, both great experiences. Very cozy, and delicious Italian food. Perfect for a date night.
Both times I ordered the exact same meal. The Caprino Salad and Buffalo Mozzarella for the table. Both of these appetizers are great, and perfect to share...even though I could finish off both myself. I've been known to hoard fresh mozzarella. Then my favorite, the Farfalle Delizia- bow tie pasta, shrimp, scallops, sundried tomatoes in a pink cream sauce. Scallops are my favorite, along with any sort of cream sauce, so this dish is a winner for me. Everything is cooked perfectly and the portion is heaping. Plenty even to take home leftovers.
The only negative I have is the dessert we ordered. Some sort of cake soaked with some sort of alcohol, but don't think it was tiramisu...not for me.
I'm sure I'll be back again, and can't wait to try their sister restaurant, Sotto.
P.S. BYO!Went there on a Monday night. A beautiful night out so it was busy. People sitting outside. The tables inside are a tight squeeze. This was evidenced when the server spilled an entree down my fiance's back trying to cut through. He apologized and eventually comped our dessert. With all that this place still gets 4 stars. The food was excellent. I had a black linguine shrimp and scallop special. They take credit cards too so that is a big plus.I had a great time at this BYOB. Everything on the menu looked very tasty. I had spaghetti tre colori which was very good. I loved the chunks of sun dried tomato. Some members of my party had the grilled octopus and calamari, which looked amazing. The wait for a seat wasn't too bad, but I was mentally prepared. The wait for an outside seat is shorter, they do have heaters. Service was prompt and friendly. I will definitely return.Came here with a group for my friends birthday.  We did NOT have reservations, but our party of 8 was seated quite quickly.  
We started off with buffalo mozzarella, eggplant parmesan, and a special which was a smoked mozzarella with mushrooms and balsamic.  All of which were very tasty!
Next I had a special request thanks to my dear friend Rachel S. who recommend the Penne Granesola.  When I asked the server if they were able to make this he gave me a clever wink and said "I make you anything you want". Super sweet and did I mention that this was AMAZING. Delicious penne pasta with buttery lump crab meat in a blush sauce. OMG tastebuds were doing a happy dance. I ATE ALL OF IT! :) My husband had the veal limone which he too enjoyed.  
You cannot beat this place.  Food is great, price is right and its a BYO! I will definitely be back to try more!
P.S. the servers were great too!Food never fail me here. Loved everything on the menu. Services and staff are always excellence. Their grilled octopus salad is theeee BEST in the city!!! Oh it's BYOBFood was excellent! I had the lamp chops for main course which were amazing and mussels and clams in white wine sauce for first course which was the best white wine sauce I've ever tasted with mussels. Service was pretty good and the prices are great for the quality and taste of the food. This will be my regular Italian restaurant for a nice night out. Also BYOB.I have been wanting to come here for years and finally did. Food was great and atmosphere is a perfect Italian BYO.  I ordered Farfalle Delizia, friends had Veal special and farfalle Positano. All the dishes were great and I would have given it a 5/5 but in my dish I had exactly 2 shrimp and 3 scallops.  I feels that for $21 I should have had more seafood. The dish was great but for $21 I would have expected more.  I would recommend it based on the quality of the food but don't be surprised it you large portion of pasta had minimal seafood or meat with it.
The service is also good. They brought out bruschetta for an app on the house and also brought warm fresh biscotti with the bill.This place is like being in an Italian grandmas kitchen if she was a little bit of a pushy middle aged man. But seriously, who cares because the food is great. Went last night with my mom for about my 20th time. We got our two standard appetizers the shrimp with beans which is very delicious and the grilled calamari. The grilled calamari is a special, but I have never been when it's not being offered. It's about 10 huge pieces grilled and served with arugula, tomatoes, and kalamata olives. The olive oil lemon sauce that comes over this dish adds so much flavor. When you get a little of everything in each bite it's perfect. I got the farfale delizia for dinner which is a pink cream sauce with shrimp, scallops, and sundries tomatoes. I am always nervous getting scallops in a pasta because they could be overdone but not here!! My mom got the linguine with lump crabmeat, tomatoes and garlic. It was light and very flavorful however I think I made the better choice. I didn't my bridal shower here about a year ago for lunch and have been back many times since. Byob and cash only.  Great outdoor seating in summer! EnjoyOur epicurious neighbor warned us to expect two things at Radicchio: 'authenticity' and 'characters.' We found both at this neighborhood BYOB that looks like a set piece from The Sopranos complete with Garden State wise guys and their goomars, faux finish decor and awesome Italian food.
Pros
-Restaurant regulars (and there seemed to be a lot of them) who come around often were greeted with air kisses on both cheeks at the door by the all-male staff.
-Low-key vibe
-Really great, authentic Italian food - nothing fancy, but from the delicious EVOO on the table with the bread, to the grilled calamari and our pasta dishes (penne positano and buccatini) it was toto bene. 
Cons Light
-Low-key vibe carries over to the service, which tends to be quite hands-off.  But this is to be expected if you're looking for authenticity in your Italian dining experience. Just ask anyone who's dined out in Italy. So don't go if you're in a rush. Otherwise, take this 'con' with a grain of salt and finish your wine at your leisure.Amazing little BYO tucked away ever-so-slightly that people who have lived in the city all their life don't even know about it.  
Having lived in Radicchio's "hood" for awhile, I frequented the place often, especially for their delicious (complimentary) garlic bruschetta.  Great date place and try to snag a seat outside if you can.  
Totally worth the trek across town for the food, ambiance and of course, the garlic.  Perhaps my fav BYO in the city.My favorite Italian BYOB! Great food, atmosphere, and they take credit cards. More seating available when tables are up outside. They always have a good line up of dishes. Specials are always great. Definitely worth giving a shot!I was lucky enough to attend a shower here that took up the whole restaurant. I was expecting a pre-fixed menu. Boy we're we all surprised!!! Four of their appetizers each brought out individually and more of anything you wanted. Then each guest ordered a full entree. Four of us were debating over this one dish. The owner insisted he would bring the entree we originally ordered and one platter of the other one four the four of us to share. We said not necessary this is a party and we did not want to do that. You guessed it he brought it anyway. Our waiter took our entree orders as soon as we arrived so we had no idea beforehand that so many appetizers were to be coming out. Each appetizer was delicious!! We were stuffed by time out entree came out. But that was delicious too. We all had something different so we tried each other's. Another surprise came out family style gnocchi, unbelievably delicious!! Ok then came the cake our hostess brought herself sliced for everyone....scrumptious!! Then out came another surprise, six slices of the restaurants own dessert.. omg the best. We were all stuffed but we heard Yums around  us so we divided each dessert for the four of us. The cream brûlée pie and cannoli was my favorites. It's a BYOB and our hostess outdid herself with various wines and special cocktail. The only negative is the parking. There is street parking if you can find it 2hrs only except Sat and Sunday. Car pool or Uber if you can it's worth it and less than being towed or a ticket. Many guests were nervous about their cars. But we were all lucky!!!! Be careful walking in street because it's original old bumpy cobblestones so let your party out at the door. Take someone with you to hold a spot if you spy one while you're circling. All that aside the food is delicious and bringing your own wine makes this place a win win. One other thing is they don't take reservations unless it's a large group. We were lucky having the entire restaurant. But I will be Ubering back with my husband and friends. Share the expense and all can drink too!!!Very cute restaurant with indoor and outdoor seating. Windows open wide and even the indoor seating was integrated well with the outdoors. BYOB here is a nice plus, although we didn't come prepared. We arrived before the evening rush, so there was plenty of seating. By the time we left, the place was packed (no reservations).
The food was very good, favorite was the grilled octopus appetizer. Nice seared flavor. The halibut special was a little dry. Pasta dishes were very good, although a little light on the seafood.I really really wanted to love this place. Looked amazing from the outside and smelled amazing when we were finally seated.
Honestly though my Fusilli Delizia (shrimp) was kind of bland. To give them credit though the other dish we ordered was spectacular (Fusilli with chicken)
Guess I'll give them another shot and return on another occasion. 
The service was impeccable and the place itself has a nice feel. I've just had better, and definitely had better in Philly.I hate giving this place 3 stars but it seems to have a high turnover and the staff get lost in the shuffle of being properly trained. 
Let me say this- the food is so good. It's an experience to eat such a menu and ice never had anything bad there. 
Why I'm not happy?  I ordered a squid ink pasta w seafood- ate half of it bc we had appetizers and I snuck some bites of my family's choices. When we all asked to pack up our leftovers we took the bag home and what did we not see?  Mine. It's disheartening to spend that kind of $$ to have carelessness take half my meal away. Very annoyed. I'd rather go somewhere that is more careful and takes their time to take care of their customers.After a horrendous first trip here---I waited forever for someone to acknowledge me, wasn't treated well when they finally did, and got the impression my food sat around for awhile before they brought it--after a year, I gave it another shot. Last weekend we were too lazy to go any further than 2 blocks away, and it was beautiful out, so we thought sitting at an outdoor table on quiet Wood street across from a park could be lovely. We were right. We got a seat outside on a Saturday night during prime time without a reservation (they don't take them.) Our server was super friendly, helpful, and affable. The calamari special appetizer was just OK--not a lot of love in it, wasn't well tossed, and calamari was a bit chewy. But the entrees. Yum. The sea bass in a lemon caper sauce blew us away. The amatriciana was well cooked, flavored, and a good portion. We got some free lemoncello, and since it's BYO, it was a low price for a great meal. Now we want to go back!an old city italian byob that takes credit cards.  the best things about this tiny place are the ambience and the specials.  i had the grilled calamari which was charred to perfection with a splash of lemon and laying on a bed of fresh arugula.  i've also had their freshly made squid ink pasta which was perfectly al dente.  otherwise, the non special standard pastas aren't freshly made but have light and flavorful red and pink sauces.  radicchio is a nice place for a neighborhood byob date.  and while there's a plethora of byob italian places in the city, there's just a certain charm here that always keeps me coming back.I love this BYOB. It is small, cozy, and just a lovely restaurant a little off the beaten track.  The service is great.  On my last trip there I had ordered the portobella with mozzarella appetizer which was a bit on the watery side. It was lacking taste.  My entree, the rigatoni with pomodoro was excellent. This gravy is perfection.  I could not get enough of it.  I don't think that there was a drop of it left on my plate.  My only request is that they write their specials down for guests to review, as opposed to getting the 5 minute schpiel from the host. He rambles through it so quickly, it's hard to remember any of it. The noise level is a bit high in the small restaurant, so it is also challenging to hear at times.  Overall, great meal. I plan to return again, and again.. I am a fan.Tried going early last night but didn't make it till 30 minutes before closing. The food was still delicious. We got the Grilled Calamari Salad which i would highly recommend, Branzino, and Chicken Sorrentina. I will definitely be a regular hereExcellent service. Food always consistently great. Small place and busy but we'll worth the wait. Been going there for years.Would give it the extra half-star. Great cozy romantic little date spot, nice rustic feel, tucked away in a little spot of philly. It's BYO! an important point. The food is delicious, definitely need to come back here again. Went here awhile ago, pretty sure I got the rigatoni.Always charming here....
I just came back from Italy and was CRAVING real, good Italian food... satisfied me. Slightly reminiscent of Amalfi Coast and Solofra food. (sigghhh...)
I think you could order anything here and be happy.This is our favorite place in the city. Great byob with incredible service and intimate experience. I always  order the special and have never been disappointed.My favorite Italian BYOB in Philly hands down. We frequent this place quite a bit and it never disappoints. The pasta is exceptional and so is the fish. The buffalo mozzarella appetizer is also a must. The cheese melts in your mouth.  To wrap up the perfect dining experience you must order the cannoli for desert.  They definitely offer the best cannolis in the area. 
Some of the servers can get a little Italian attitude going but it just adds to the experience. Oh, and on the weekends at primetime seating hours, you will wait. We've waited over an hour for a table on a Friday or Saturday night. It's completely worth it though!Blown away by the food. Unlike any other Italian place I can recall in the US. It reminds me of Italy itself, and I think it benefits from being a small, hole-in-the-wall kind of place (still looks beautiful on the inside, of course).Oh Radicchio, you may be my new favorite BYOB!
My date and I were looking for a cute BYOB to go do for dinner last night and settled on this place after reading great reviews and checking out their menu online. They did not disappoint. We got there around 9, asked to sit outside and were seated immediately.
A handsome waiter (always a plus) came to greet us with an authentic accent to boot and recited the specials inside and out while opening our wine. We did not have to ask for anything - our water was refilled throughout the night and our bread basket served instantly. The bread was nothing special, but we ordered an appetizer of mussels with clams in white wine sauce that was delicious.
I ordered the penne positano - a delightful combination of penne with lump crab, arugala, garlic and tomatoes that had just the right amount of flavor without being too heavy. My date got the lobster ravioli special and was in love after his first bite - i had a few bites and had to admit i was jealous of his dish.
Finally - the best part of a meal - we asked what they had for dessert. They did not have a dessert menu but our waiter listed off about 6 different homemade desserts they offered that each sounded better than the next. We settled on splitting a chocolate chip cannoli - which was super yummy and fresh. 
And..i almost forgot to mention, the prices were reasonable and our bill was less than $70 - not too shabby for two entrees, appetizer and dessert.
I highly recommend you make a trip Radicchio Cafe!Best Italian in Olde City if not the whole city. Nice portions and cheap prices. Too much stuff that is great to list a favorite. Just grab a nice bottle of wine and sit outside when the weather is nice. And pay attention to the specials.Very good Italian BYO.
The Buffalo Mozzarella appetizer was really good. The cheese was very fresh and tasty. Also had the grilled octopus which was awesome. Great summer dish.
My wife had the buccatini matriciana which was awesome. My veal saltimboca was delicious too. Overall, the food was very good. My two complaints were, I could not swap out the mashed potatoes that came with my entree for a small side of pasta (why?) and the menu is kind of small. I went there in the mood for pasta, but nothing really jumped out at me. I wish there were a few more options, although there is something to be said for a restaurant that only does a few things, but does them well. 
Bonus, they give you a few biscotti with your coffee after dinner. Awesome little surprise. I would definitely go back.The Radicchio has amazing food.  The wait was long and some were seated ahead of us because one girl worked there (with a company of 8 or so), but I understand that kind of special treatment...I just don't like it on a Saturday night necessarily...especially when I'm in a party of 2.  Regardless, after we had waited a long, long time, the food was even better.  We had a wonderful waiter and a great experience once seated.  The large table seated before us was just a little peeve of mine, regardless.  I cannot help it, I had been in the cold waiting for an hour at that point.Very nice cafe. I had salmon accompanied by tomatoes and spinach. The service was a little clunky. I had to stand at the front door waiting to sit down. The place was packed for lunch with locals which is always a good sign. It has a good zagat rating and write ups in Philadelphia enquirer. Verdict: I recommend it and will be back.This place never disappoints. My boyfriend lives around the corner so we frequent this place a lot. Their calamari is to die for and so are many of the pasta dishes, my favorite being the seafood pasta. They have outdoor seating in the summer and it's quite comfortable and not too noisy, as it is located on a side street. Bring your own wine and enjoy the hospitality and the great food!Thank you, blind luck, for guiding me to the best appetizer I've had in Philadelphia yet. 
Get the carpaccio if it's on the menu. I believe it's a special. Best I've ever had. Paper thin, served on a bed of peppery arugula, with fragrant olive oil, shaved parmagiano-reggiano, and cracked black pepper. Just do it and thank me later.Wowowow. This is probably the best Italian BYOB in Philly. The staff is very friendly and the food is incredible!! I've been here twice and remember being blown away the first time and recently returned for a friends birthday dinner. I had the Fusilli Toto which was perfectly seasoned with pasta cooked to perfection. We shared the eggplant parm special appetizer which was also insanely good. I can't wait to have another reason to go back here. I lived in Tuscany for a summer a few years back and this place brought me right back there!Food was good. Appetizer of grilled octopus and squid was awesome. Filet done perfect. The wait staff was a little pushy at the table. For Example, when they are filling up water, the kinda nudge you, no excuse me or sorry. You kinda feel pushed around.My husband and I went last night for a celebratory dinner. DELICIOUS! Service and every bite of food was amazing. For a starter, we ordered the focaccia caprese. Amazing. The focaccia was so fresh, the mozzarella was melt in your mouth. My husband ordered the lobster ravioli and I got chicken sorentina. We also ordered canolis for dessert. We walked out of there feeling comfortably full and saying we couldn't wait to go back.The restaurant we'd planned to go to was closed this past monday, so we found Racicchio on yelp. It's in a weird location--I don't think I'd ever walk by it if I didn't know where to look. 
Small BYOB, the decor was half multicolored christmas lights, valentine's heart decorations (we were there a few days before Vday), and sort of kitschy "italian" posters, and half dark wood accents and chairs, nice granite tables, and a cool wall of corks. I loved it all!
Service was extremely attentive. Dining room was about half to 2/3rds full--just the right amount of backround hum without feeling like I was too close to other diners. 
complimentary bruschetta with the bread basket, and biscotti with coffee/dessert! The latter was amazing--almondy, buttery, crunchy, definitely an "Oh, THIS is how this is supposed to taste" moment--wish I'd actually ordered coffee to dip it in. 
I'd never had real buffalo mozzarella, and their mozzarella appetizer was great! Literally a plate of melted cheese with some grilled zucchini and fresh tomato. 
Parmesan salad did not disappoint--again a ton of cheese, love it. mixed bitter greens (radicchio of course, arugula, maybe something else) with sun-dried tomatoes (dry, not oily) PILED with shaved parmesan. yum yum. salty rich crunchy acidic...
we got the special: homemade lobster ravioli in a creamy red pepper(??) sauce, with scallops and crab lumps, delicious. 
Penne Positano was more light: arugula, fresh tomato, huge pieces of crab, pasta. 
Tiramisu was fluffy and great! 
overall: extremely impressed and endeared by this restaurant! very romantic, and it's clear how much they care about providing an excellent meal.I'd give this a 4.5 if I could.  
I crave Radicchio's Caesar Salad w/ Prosciutto all the time.  The last time I went there, I tried the Broccoli w/ Sausages app, and OMGOMGOMGOMG.  Now I crave that too.
This is a great BYO find.  Food is fresh (Esp the pasta!) and you even get a free Bruschetta at the beginning of your meal, and a free mini Biscotti at the end.  Specials are great.
My ONLY complaint is that the entrees are a little pricy, but I guess that's what you get when you want delicious, fresh food... right?
Recommend: 
Broccoli w/ Sausages
Caesar w/ Proscuitto
Grilled Calamari app (I've heard the Octopus is fab but never tried it)
Focaccia Caprese
Whole Wheat Orecchiette with Chicken and BroccoliAgain, I don't give 5 stars.....so 4 is great.  This was recommended to us by my parents.  We usually have slightly different tastes - but this was "spot on."  Thanks mom and dad.  It is one of their favorite places and is now on our "A" list.  The service was very attentive.  We didn't know we would be dining out and I didn't bring any wine.  Our waiter brought us two glasses of a nice red (Chianti i think) from the "back."
We sat outside and enjoyed a nice surprisingly quiet meal - considering the expressway is right there.
I had the black linguine with seafood.  The shrimp and scallops were excellent as was the pasta and slightly spicy sauce.  Wife had the veal which was very good and a nice portion for the price.
We will be back - this was a great little neighborhood gem.  And it wasn't too hard to find on-street parking.Had a really nice dining experience here. It's a small place, but they were very accommodating for our 7 person table. The artichoke hearts and grilled calamari (they were out of octopus) were great! I had the farfalle toto, which came in a delicious vodka sauce! Everyone else said that the food was great. BYOB which makes it even better!Decent place to eat. I ordered some seafood pasta with vodka sauce. Unfortunately I found out the hard way that the sauce turned out to be extremely fishy, which was not enjoyable. I should have put the two together, but my mind wasn't working quick enough. The place is byob. It appeared the people that eat here are frequent customers because everyone seemed to know eachother.Like all Italian BYOBs in the city, Radicchio is a small sandard restuarant where the tables are basically on top of each other. Menu is nothing special, however everything was delicious. Staff has very strong accent, makes it somewhat difficult to understand the specials but dont mind repeating! You can customize anything you want... I had a shrimp/scallop/mushroom which was an appetizer but they made it into an entre size for me. We also split the buffalo motz appetizer which was fabulous. My date was able to costumize the type of pasta he wanted with his dish. very easy to park around here too much makes it more desirable than some of the other italian BYOBs throughout the city.Great food. Calamari was incredible. Sole was great. Had the bowties with crab meat, that was great. It was all a little pricy. Waiter had a fake Italian accent. Would come back.Came around 7:15 on a Saturday night with 5 people and didn't have to wait.  Very cozy setting, attentive waiter (I scooped some ice into my wine from my water and he showed up 2 minutes later with a glass of ice without my asking!), and VERY affordable (between 5 of us, we had the mozz/mushroom app, lobster ravioli, 2 different veal dishes, a salad & a split pasta and it was $25 per person, plus tip).I love this little BYOB.  It is totally worth the wait, I was there last night, they grilled octopus is amazing!  Home made pasta, great service and cozy atmosphere.  it can get a bit noisy but the food is over the top!  One of the best Italian Restaurants in the cityI really enjoyed this little BYO. I have been to the owners place in Jersey, and while I think that restaurant is better than Radicchio, the food at both locations is fantastic. Its a very small restaurant, and even though we were cramped right near the front door, we had a very enjoyable experience. The gentleman that took care of us had a very thick Italian accent, which made us feel right at home in an Italian restaurant. The service was great. I particularly enjoyed the grilled octopus, the sausage and broccoli rabe, and the pumpkin and hazelnut cheesecakes foe dessert. Definitely a great spot to have a nice meal and indulge in a nice bottle of wine!Great find on an evening when I was craving some good Italian food!
My friend and I were driving back from somewhere and decided to just yelp some good Italian places and the first place that popped up on the list was Radicchio cafe. 
After circling around the block several times, we finally found some parking on a Friday night, seriously it wasn't easy to find parking that day! 
We got a nice table for two outside and realized that we had no wine for BYOB place. We tried a shot at asking the server if he could finagle us some wine from the kitchen and he actually did!! haha..thought that was nice of him!
My friend and I are suckers for clams and mussels and that's what we ordered for appetizers, in a spicy tomato sauce. It wasn't spicy but pretty damn tasty! Good serving size too. We ordered lamb chops and veal for main course and I loved the chops. Veal..eh not so much!
But we finished off with some awe...wait for it....some Tiramisu!!! OMG, it was to die for...like the best tiramisu I've had in Philly! It was soooo delicious that I ordered one to-go!!! :D
All in all...I recommend Radicchio to everyone for a nice, sit-out, delicious meal! :)Came out with my friends for dinner.  Great friendly staff.  Gave us complimentary wine while we were waiting to be seated.  Had grilled calamari for appetizer and seafood combinations for entree. Food was fresh and delicious.  I have been here before and would definitely come back again either with friends or on a date.  Highly recommend!Through a series of funny coincidences, this was one of the best dining experiences I've ever had. The waiters were sarcastically hilarious, a huge party inside the restaurant passed my friend and I wine+desserts through the window, and the other customers made for hysterical people-watching. The gnocchi was delicious and the whole-grain penne came with tons of chicken.  Check it out!