Went here with my boyfriend and we loved it!
Old school feeling, with 3 floors!!
We have been here twice, and each time was great!
The food was amazing, I got the veal since it had been recommended to me, as well as the clams casino, mussles, pasta with oil and garlic, and the home-made garlic bread. Staff was nice and helpful!
...Went here again recently while in the area and had this new dish of gnocchi with gorgonzola sauce in it, and it was delicious!!!!! My new favorite dish as this place. 
MUST EAT!!!I have been told by numerous native philadelphians that Ralph's is one of the best Italian restaurants in the city and is a must to experience. We did not think so. We started off with a grilled calamari appetizer that was soaked in salty red sauce. The amount of sauce overwhelmed the palate to the point where we couldn't even taste the calamari. I got the pasta bolognese with filet mignon tips. Again, the red sauce was very salty. The filet mignon tips was really just average quality beef. My wife ordered the black lobster ravioli which were decent but overly salty. We expected much more from the oldest Italian restaurant in the country.This place was phenomenal. The food I must say was some of the best Italian food I've ever eaten. I also unfortunately have a broken cap on my front tooth ( ugh) so I had to order something that was soft and good for a tooth problem. The flavors screamed old world Italian and kids/adults were very happy with their meals. I had a pesto sauce on a long thin noodle - cooked to perfection. There was chicken parm at the table and it was not overly fried- very tender and flavorful.  This is A+.Came to visit my daughter and we had dinner tonight.  I had been here before but my husband had not. We were looking at reviews and someone mentioned they loved their Bucatini Ronaldo so I decided to give it a try.  Waiter stated that the pasta for this dish is homemade (like tubed noodles) with shrimp, artichokes and roasted eggplant in a red sauce. While everything was delicious, I thought this dish was fantastic as it was unusual. It had all my favorite ingredients.  Our waiter Kubec was very attentive and service was great.  Overall......5 star worthy!  In fact my daughter is going back next weekend with 6 friends!I was prepared for a tourist trap given the history and reviews, but ended up really liking this place.  We went around 9:30 pm on a Sunday so it wasn't crowded.  The menu is simple and good.  The marinara was flavorful without being sweet.  I like that the mushrooms in the pasta were fresh not canned, as with other old school places in Italian Market.  My friend had an excellent pasta with shrimp and artichokes.  I don't have a need to go to Villa Roma anymore since finding this place.I take out-of-towners to Ralphs to experience authentic South Philly Italian food.   Ralph's never disappoints.  It may not be fancy, but it's classic and damn good.
They are best known for their veal specials, but make a pretty mean chicken  or eggplant parmesan, too.  Other good choices are the antipasto, gnocchi, mussels, and Italian sausage.   But folks are right; the spaghetti is just OK.
Make reservations, and don't forget to bring your patience (it can get loud and crowded), cash, and plenty of friends.As a half Italian former New Yorker I grew up on Italian food.  It's all about the sauce or " gravy" and Ralph's did not disappoint. Our service was all business but opened up a little as the meal went on. Most people would complain but I liked the guy. I ordered the veal parm and loved it. Massive portion. The mussels in red sauce were delicious and the tiramisu was possibly the best I've ever hadIt was my 30th birthday, and Ralph's food was all that was on my mind.  I was thinking about veal since I knew that Italians really do make it best.  My husband and I stopped in to make a reservation for later that night and the host was very friendly and said "We don't have anything open until 8:30pm" but that was no problem for us and we just strolled around the surrounding area and stopped in a few shops while we were waiting.  At 8:15 we came back and our table was ready.  We sat down and were promptly served a nice cool glass of ice water.  My husband ordered an Italian Kiss which is some sort of espresso mixed drink.  He said it was out of this world.  A few minutes later we were served some delicious Italian bread and butter.  The bread was wonderful.  We then placed our order after looking over the menu.   We got the escargot as our appetizer.  This was absolutely wonderful!   My husband knew he wanted the Seafood Pescatore.  I decided to have the Veal Marsala and a side of meatballs.  We enjoyed our bread until our meals were brought out.  Now my Veal Marsala was hands down the best dinner out I have EVER had.  The veal was tender, the mushrooms were delicious, and the sauce,  well I think I had dreams about it that night.  My husband's dinner was also wonderful.  He used to prepare this himself and was surprised at how fresh and tender the mussels were .  He said he would get that again.  Now the meatballs are something you HAVE to get if you go to Ralph's!!!  These were nice and firm and the gravy was wonderful!  After all this good food we had to finish off the night with a cannoli.  My husband and I both ordered one and got one to go for my Dad.  Well those were crisp and the filling was the best i've ever had!    We will be returning to try more of their food.  Thank you Ralph's for making my 30th birthday incredible!I LOVE RALPHS.. 
My now Ex Husband "Lenny" used to bring me here all the time.. The food is scrumptious.. The mussels red or white are to die for.Food is always fresh and prepared to order. The Owners 'Jimmy and Eddie", super nice, very accomodating and made me feel like family... Ronnie too!!
I always left here in a food coma... Highly reccommend this wonderful Restuarant.. Gets very busy especially on weekends....Always a great dining experience!!Never a bad meal at Ralph's. I wish they had a larger selection of less expensive wine, but I'm going for the food, not the beverages. The pasta is cooked to perfection and even when it's SWARMING with people, the service is stupendous.The environment of the restaurant is very nice. Service was very good and they were able to take care of us really well and fast although we were a huge group. The food was well prepared but we did not find it unique or special.I've lived in the Philadelphia area for about 15 years and I'm sad to say that I only learned of Ralphs about a year ago. 
To me, Ralphs is the embodiment of Philadelphia. The food is about as traditional Italian as you can get. It's the oldest Italian Restuarant in America that is still operating. The food is great and the service is exactly what you would expect from an old school Italian joint. 
If you are hosting guests from out of town and you want to show them what Philadelphia is all about...take them to Ralphs. They will leave very full and completely satisfied. 
Truly one of Philadelphia's most prized venues.Went on a Monday night early and we were seated right away.  Waiter was friendly and efficient.  The food was delicious and plentiful.  We would definitely go back again!No credit cards =  no good for business. Good local South Philly fare though. Service is adequate as is atmosphere. recommend Victor Cafe much, much more.If your familiar with South Park I am an avid yelper (also work in the industry) but food and wine were beyond expected great dinner definitely will be back.Crap. Period. Canned mushrooms on the veal. Oldest Italian restaurant, uh ok. How about good food prepared like nonna used to make not some underpaid immigrant line cook. DisgraceSouth Philly favorite with great pastas, chicken and veal dishes.  Make a reservation to be safe, as it is a local and tourists favorite -- Well worth it too!!My last name is Carbone. I DO NOT eat Italian out.  I love this place.  That is all you need to know.  If you are uncomfortable eating on the cramped and usually crowded main floor just ask to sit upstairs.  There are three floors that I know of and have experienced.A few years ago I bit into my roasted peppers AND a fish hook. The staff could not have cared less, pretty much insinuating I brought the hook with me to put in their food. They didn't even take the dish off the check, even though I wouldn't eat it or anything else after nearly having my gums impaled. I'll never go back & have advised others to stay away. Not even an apology. I should say there was a lot of blood & they couldn't wait to get me out of there (after paying the full bill). Rude does not even begin to describe that staff.Ralph's on 9th Street just off Christian has been a Philadelphia landmark for over one hundred years. While 9th street has been a part of my life for as long as I can remember I have never eaten at Ralph's.  Now, I must say from the start, that Ralph's is the kind of Italian restaurant that I avoid. Ralph's is an old time, red sauce kind of place: the kind of Sunday macaroni and gravy that I grew up on. But these days, I suppose I have grown beyond it. Having lived and studied in Italy back in the 70's, I experienced lighter, cleaner flavors in Italian foods. When I came home I introduced my family to these recipes. That was the end of the red sauce tradition in our house. The same reformation was happening in kitchens and restaurants across the country. This was the era of Julia Child and the great culinary awakening. Restaurants like Ralph's were old school. The wonderful film "Big Night" lyrically illustrates the two worlds: meat balls and spaghetti vs. shrimp risotto.
Recently an episode of Lydia featured Philadelphia and a trip to Ralph's. Lydia's enthusiasm for Ralph's traditions sparked a bit of guilt and regret. As an Italian American I had rejected and neglected long held culinary traditions. As a Philadelphian whose great -grandparents settled on 9th in Christian in 1885, I had ignored and concealed my history. I owed Ralph the respect of their kitchen.
Ralph's is a rather small space. Tables are close together, perhaps too close. You can hear almost every conversation in the room: some conversations not necessarily appropriate for dining. The room is very dark, but immaculately clean. The wait staff, all men, sharply groomed and attired in black, greets and serves with the utmost friendliness and attention: perfectly traditional Italian.
With menu in hand we carefully scanned to find the balance between traditional heavy red sauce and lighter fare. As we scanned the selections we also watched what was coming from the kitchen. No small number of dishes were bowls or narrow plates of red gravy that completely obscured whatever lay beneath. This was not the direction we wanted to go. Lydia highlighted the Chicken Trombino. So, that was our first pick. The reason for her choice became clear when the dishes arrived. The giambotta of egg, sausage and chicken looked promising. Although I knew giambotta as an eggplant and squash dish this version with egg merited investigation. For our third dish we went for the veal with peppers and mushrooms.  As a starter we ordered a cup of the" pasta fazool "(pasta e fagioli.) As usual, if you read my other reviews, we would share our lunch. Requesting the waiter to bring extra plates for sharing is never a problem.  I suggest it strongly.
The minestra, the "pasta fazool," warmed our chilled 9th street shoppers' bones. In many ways, the soup is the indicator of a good restaurant. If the cooks are attentive to a simple soup, you know they will be attentive to the main courses. Ralph's rich and creamy bean soup hit the mark. 
The main courses arrived in properly measured time. We began with the giambotta. As I mentioned, giambotta as I knew it was something of an eggplant and squash stew. Ralph's version is what I would call a frittata. The portion was large and an easy share for three people. The sausage and chicken enriched each bite. But, there was one element that recalled the old style: green peppers. Green peppers tend to be course and biting. While they were a staple in recipes in my childhood, I no longer use them.  They have been replaced by fully ripe red or yellow or orange peppers.
We then moved to the veal. For the three of us at the table, this was not an easy dish The veal was heavily coated in red sauce and green peppers. It was just too strong. Nonetheless, I must say that this was exactly how my mother would make it when I was a child, and why, even as a child, I didn't care for it. The veal arrives with a side of spaghetti in red sauce. The spaghetti was cold and the sauce too heavy for my taste. 
Our last entrée, the Chicken Trombino, was suggested by Lydia and I can see why. The Chicken Trombino is not a traditional Italian American dish. This recipe is clearly something from a different inspiration. There is no heavy red sauce. The full chicken breasts are served with clean, fresh chunks of tomato and seasonings. The Chicken Trombino , in its light preparation, is what I prefer in Italian cooking.
It is very difficult to give a rating to Ralph's. Clearly, Ralph's offers foods with an Italian American history more than 100 years old. What they do, they do well. The restaurant is small but meticulous. The staff is elegant and affable. The service is prompt and the food well prepared in its own style. For many, Ralph's is a rich and hearty experience of old time Italian American food in new world. For me, Ralph's is an excursion to the past. But, is it really a past that I wish to recall?I might be biased, or simply haven't tried many Italian restaurants in Philadelphia, but damn, that sauce (or gravy, depends on where you were born) they use is like liquid gold. So delicious. Evey time I go, I wanna get a job there long enough to learn the secrets of the sauce. 
Anyway, have been there 4 or 5 times. I have ordered the manicotti, the lasagna, and the gnocchi. All have been fantastic. Last time around was with 12 friends. And all I heard was "mmmmm", "holy crap this is great", and "great choice for a restaurant". Everyone got something a bit different, but the results were uniform. 
The wine is always good, the wait staff is attentive and keeps checking up on you. I cannot say enough good things about this place.First time eating at this restaurant. Service is fine, food is authentic, prices are somewhat reasonable. I just really didn't like that it is cash only. Step into the millennium.This is one of the oldest Italian restaurant's in the entire country. It's a three floor restaurant all well maintained. Parking was really difficult for me as I ended up driving around for a Realllllllly long time as it's all street parking. They do offer valet parking after a certain hour. Also reservations are recommended although I don't think they're mandatory. The service was stellar as was my wife's manicotti  (stellar as in heavenly. ) Anyway let's take a look at my own meal...
Ralph's Famous Veal Parmesan 
What Is It: It's pretty much your traditional chicken parm only with veal instead of chicken. The veal is crusted with the parmesan, topped with mozzarella, and covered in sauce. Spaghetti with sauce as well as pre entree bread is also served.
Presentation: Definitely looks the part even though they plated the spaghetti separate from the veal probably because they give you such a big piece of veal. Nevertheless it looks tremendous. 
9 out of 10
Taste/Final Analysis: With this being one of their signature dishes I had to try this out. This also was my first experience of eating veal. I'm pretty sure this probably wasn't the best way to get a first taste of it as it's covered up with so many other flavours. Now that's not to say that this wasn't a delicious dish because it was. Their sauce in particular should be its own food group it was that good. The veal was crispy and delicious just like a proper parmesan dish. My problem was that it was pretty much identical to a chicken parmesan. The texture, the taste, everything was exactly like a chicken parmesan.  I'm not sure what the uniqueness of having it as "veal" parmesan is. Like I said this is a tasty dish but  you might as well get the cheaper chicken parm. The restaurant is definitely worth checking out for both a great meal and experiencing a piece of American history. Just either give yourself plenty if time to park or arrive during their valet parking time.
Veal Parmesan: Chicken Parmesan out of 10
Which is a 9 out of 10Just as good as ever---- took a group there and everyone pronounced their meals exellent. I'm not a red sauce person but the chicken Sorrento- mostly in wine sauce and cheese--- is one of my favorites. Only quibble, and I know they get this all the time: Why no credit cards? This is 2012, not 1905....This place is the oldest Italian restaurant in America which was very impressive so thought we would give it a try.. the inside looked like someone's grandma's dining room..floral wallpaper and floral tiles adorned the walls... super old school! We ordered clam casino, sautéed mussels in red sauce, veal parm and eggplant parm.
The service was weird...there was one particular server who stood out the most..he was rude. He took our order and walked away. When the food came out, he told customers to get out of his way who were getting situated at their table and slammed the plates on our table...maybe this is how they serve their guest here since the 1900s, either way, the food was good and we didn't care.Exactly what you expect from an Italian restaurant in the Italian market. Great ambience, hospitality, and food.  Good sizes portions that don't make you feel overwhelmed after dinner.  Only thing is the food doesn't stand out from the rest of the Italian places in the area. But still a solid choice.So what is better than cannoli's?  Cannoli Cake!
Ralph's has been a favorite of mine since 2003.  My wife and I always try to invent reasons to take the trip from Bucks County to South Philly.  Ralph's is consistently the best Italian food restaurant that I have ever been to.  Their food is that good that both my wife and I always order the same items.  Veal parm with a side a spaghetti for me and shrimp scampi for my wife with 2 pieces of cannoli cake for desert.
The veal parm is not only delicious but also comes in a generous portion.  Ralph's make the veal dish seem easy as it is a nice piece of veal (never, never had any fat in the 7-10 times that I have been there) that is pounded out thin and coated with breading.  The portion covers the oval plate and is enveloped by a thin red sauce.  The veal melts in your mouth and is complimented by cheese and their sauce.  The sauce is not too strong or too thick and seems to work well with the flavor of he veal.  The side dish of pasta is always filling.
My wife and I refuse to order salads or appetizers as we look forward to the cannoli cake.  The cake comes out chilled and is yellow cake with the icing made of cannoli filling.  There is even a mini cannoli on top!  This is the most delicious cake that my wife and I have ever eaten.  We have even found out where Ralph's orders the cakes from!  This is a must order for any diner at Ralph's.
The ambiance of Ralph's is "old world" Italian and I feel like Skinny Joey Merlino or Nicky Scarfo could walk in at any time.  The rooms are narrow and the first floor can get loud.  The waiters work efficiently and are not overly warm, but somehow it works in this environment.  Ralph's lets their food impress their patrons instead of fancy furnishings or overbearing staff.  Credit Cards are not accepted, but there is an ATM on the first floor.  Reservations are only accepted for parties of 5 or more and during peak times a wait is to be expected.  I thoroughly endorse Ralph's for classic Italian food that will satisfy everyone's taste buds.We made reservations for New Years Eve and I have to say that we were both very disappointed. The food was mediocre at best and the service was subpar. For a $160 meal for two we should not have felt rushed.
We ordered antipasto which was pretty good however they didn't wait until we were done or close to being done before bringing out the clams casino which I have made better at home. 
For my entree I ordered a veal dish with crab and scallops. This dish was $32 and the veal was tough and got a sprinkling of crab and 3 scallops. The sauce was awful so my boyfriend switched his meal for mine. He had orange roughy which was $20 something. It was just ok. For dessert we had tiramisu and coffee which would have been enjoyable if our waiter didn't decide to fill all the cheese containers right behind us and another kid spraying all the tables down with cleaning fluid. 
This will be our last visit to Ralph's. I would advise the same to others unless you have extra cash just simply to burn.Amazing, i got the chicken parm and it was crispy and cooked amazing. may be the best i ever hadI will never, ever, in my whole life, understand why people love this restaurant so much.  I walk by often and  see a lots of NJ plates using the valet service -so It's gotta be the tourists (AND my co-workers that live in the suburbs - they like Ralph's, but you should see what they eat for lunch every day if you know what I mean.) 
 I suspect that  the suburban folks are at a disadvantage by only having an Olive Garden to compare "authentic" Italian food to so Ralph's probably seems like some freaky cheese covered upgrade.
Anyway, back to Ralph's, sure, it's been there for over a hundred years, the decor is cute on the first floor, reminding one of the "olden days". 
Sure, the service is cheeky if not just a little snarky, but the food is downright terrible. 
Okay. it's edible, but not edible in a good way.
 The last time I was there was for a wedding rehearsal dinner and no one finished their entrees & when asked by the waitress if anyone wanted it wrapped up to take home - it was a unanimous, "No."  This was from roughly around, oh, 100 people.  
That's a bad thing.Summary: Their special for the night was the best part. Not a great location or space to have a fancy dinner or throw a big party. I would probably go with family or friends again just because it was the first family owned Italian restaurant of the united states, but besides that I do not really find it overall that special. Too pricey. 
Food: 
Appetizers: Escargots Au gratin ($8.50) The escargots were really large for its size, it was tasty but could be because it was literally all butter. I still enjoyed it, but it could be better if it was less buttery.
Entree: Chicken Parmigiana ($17.00) My opinion is it is a bit too pricey for such a common dish. However, it was a bit crunchier than other chicken parm that I have had.  Besides that I did not find it any special and definitely not worth its price. 
Black Lobsters Raviolis ($20.00) This dish was one of their specials for the night, not on their menus.  It was tasty, but a little too salty and buttery.  It comes with jumbo shrimps and capers.  The dish looks small, but very filling.
Place: 
Location: It is within a residential area, about two (or more) blocks away from South St (Main commercial area). I took a cab there and back (cost about $20). Not easy access. Residential area also means hard to find parking.
Environment: The place has tinted windows, so we cannot see from outside.  The moment you walk in you basically see the whole place, very small.  The tables are cramped on top of each other. I went there on a Tues night, and there was a lot of elders, probably not a young hip place. 
Price: I think the overall pricing is too high.  Two people: 1 appetizer, 2 entree and some fountain drinks came out to be around $60 (with tip).The bread at this place is so good. It's HOT and i like that in a restaurant.  Our server was nice and I got a mellow vibe from this place.  Everyone I was with seemed to think that Ralph's was hooking it up and serving the best Italian food around, but.... meh. My mom and I make better lasagna.  The portions were big, and the food was good, but my mind was not blown and I probably wouldn't go back.  Maybe my lasagna just had me all nostalgic for mom's cooking, but I suspect that other people's dishes weren't as crazy good as they were saying.  We did arrive REALLY hungryBest Italian food hands down. If your in Philly you must stop here. Get the red sauce mussels and the cannoli cake.We had a great meal and great bottle of wine for a resonable price.  The two of us got out of there for just under 100 bucks which included a bottle of wine and desert.  We had left overs which were perfect for a late night snack back at hotel.  
 Tables are fairly close together which is great for somebody like me who likes to talk to people.  
In case you were wondering, yup got the veal parm.   It was awesome.  Also got fettuccini Alfredo.  Not bad.  The home made noodles rocked.  
Let's talk desert..... I would NOT suggest the canoli. The filling was chalky.  It was like eating a tumms.  Do not waste your money on one of these things.  
I will go back next time in Philly.6 at our table. Had never been here in all my years in Phiily. Was not too impressed.
Actually, it wasn't a bad meal, but when you serve us two side orders of cold meatballs and broccoli rabe that was way over cooked - 2 basic things a good italian restaurant should serve properly, well it's hard to give a 3 star "A-OK".
Our entrees were decent, not wow, but good. The bread was good, but not great. Service was pleasant, and efficient. We were seated upstairs and liked the ambience of the place. I liked the everything salad - basic, old school, but big, fresh and good.I was torn whether to give Ralph's three stars or four, but went with four because of the food. This is my second trip to Ralph's and as with the first, the food was outstanding. My hubby and I started off sharing the mussels in red sauce and when it came, I couldn't believe how many mussels there were! More than enough for two people, for sure. And so delicious, I wanted to lap up the gravy when I finished eating the mussels. Instead of doing that, though, I used the very fresh Italian bread to soak up a large portion. These were absolutely the best mussels I've ever eaten! I opted for the baked lasagna and hubby went for the manicotti. Let me tell you, I am VERY picky about my gravy, as South Philadelphians call it, and I was surprised at how much I enjoyed the gravy my lasagna was cooked in. To say nothing of the lasagna, which was awesome in its own right. All the ingredients were fresh and I'm sure the sausage pieces in the lasagna were homemade. My hubby thought there was too much cheese in his manicotti, but I think you can never have enough cheese! I tasted his dinner and loved it. We finished up with decaf coffee and a slice of tiramisu. Yes, I said "slice." The tiramisu at Ralph's is more a cake than the normal tiramisu you get at most places. It was the only part of our dinner I wasn't fond of. I guess it was the cream cheese filling that seemed off to me. But the presentation was lovely.
As to why I was considering giving Ralph's only three stars, the place is so small the tables are pratically on top of each other. Private conversations are impossible because you can easily hear what the people at the next table are saying. We even had to ask them to please move their table so hubby could get in and out of his seat. Plus, the tables themselves are so small, there was barely enough room for all the plates on the tables. And when my leftovers came back wrapped up ready to go, there was no room to put the bag on the table. Most people had their leftovers sitting on the floor. Not exactly sanitary, if you ask me, but space is really at a premium here. I managed to keep my take-home bag on the table even though I was sure my coffee cup was going to spill in my lap at any moment. It didn't. The bathroom is so small, when you sit down, your knees practically touch the door. It is impossible to turn around. There is no mirror to check out your makeup. There is NO sink in the bathroom--you must use the sink in the small common hallway to wash your hands while you make sure you're not in the way of the waitstaff carrying dishes, trays of clean glasses, etc.
Speaking of the waitstaff, they are extremely attentive and friendly. Thanks Al! We had a Groupon to use for this dinner that cost us $20 for $40 worth of food. With everything we had--one appetizer, two entrees, two Cokes, 2 coffees and one dessert, the total bill came to $55, including tax. Taking off the $40 we were left with a bill of $15. 
To wrap this up, food=excellent; service=very good; restaurant=too small with very close quarters. Will I return? Most probably. Is this the best Italian food I've ever eaten? Pretty damn close!Just average. I gave it three because the staff were friendly and the place itself was interesting with the old decor and historic site marking. The pasta tasted like it was from a box and not made fresh as I was expecting (being the stores down the street were all selling fresh pasta and it being in the Italian market). The veal was too salty and chewy, but the sauce had a nice light flavor to balance the dish. In the end just disappointed in the overall quality as it does not fit the location in the Italian market... tasted more like Italian food that I would get in the Poconos or a small town in West Virginia.My friend and I were the only two stopping in a bit after Ralph's opened for lunch on a Monday. This would have alarmed me if Ralph's didn't have such a good reputation and if we weren't greeted so warmly upon entering. Not to worry, there were plenty of other diners by the time our bread basket arrived. My friend and I shared the Mediterranean salad (several jumbo shrimp, crab meat and greens with a light vinaigrette) and a pork sandwich with provolone. This sandwich has supplanted Dinic's as my new favorite and the salad was perfect for summer. Cash only but there is an ATM in the back.We had a very nice meal. The mussels were huge and juicy. The shrimp scampi had a cream sauce, so was not exactly what my daughter expected but she liked it just the same. Meatball is yummy. The gravy is excellent. Veal Rollatine was also quite good. Very large portions.Long-time fan of Ralph's here.  I adore sweetbreads, which are not on every Italian restaurant's menu.  So i go to Ralph's for sweetbreads.  I think the mushrooms in the dish are canned, but the sweetbreads are perfect, with a light sauce and are a huge portion.  I'm also crazy about their Fettucini Alfredo, which is the real thing, made with pasta, butter, parm and cream and nothing else.  My partner always orders spaghetti and meatballs - he's not a foodie and that's what he likes.  Since I order 2 entrees (so I'll have leftovers tomorrow), we don't get out of there cheaply, but I love the place.  And yes, it's a good place to bring visiting firemen - old-time ambience, attentive service, and Sarcone's bread.I ate here a very long time ago. One of Philadelphia's oldest, original Italian restaurants. Food was delicious. I especially remember loving the meatballs and you can judge a good Italian place by two things:  meatballs and marinara!
Highly recommend if you are in town.What a spot! Ralph's is worth the trip for all of the pomp and circumstance said about it. The quality of food is top notch in an intimate, authentic old style restaurant. Will probably echo many of the other reviewers here, but stick with this simple statement: Bar none, one of the best dining experiences for Italian food in the Northeast, not just Philly.
Atmosphere - Ralph's is the oldest Italian restaurant still in existence in the United States. This is mentioned on the honorary plaque outside even before going in. The perfect balance of cozy and legendary, Ralph's decor and pictures show a timeless tradition of outstanding food and family pride. Tightly packed tables adorn the 1st of 3 floors, and the smells of the delicious cuisine permeate the air when you walk in.
Waitstaff - Our waitress was a traditional South Philly waitress, part attitude, part customer service, overall, exactly what you'd expect and want when dining here. Just added to the great food and wine, along with runners to bring out food, and crisp bread from the bakery just next door.
Food - Oh the glorious experience! Feasting on Italian since I was little, going out to try someone else's can really have a high bar to clear, and Ralph's set the new world record! From the delicious mussels in red gravy (get extra bread to dip in), to my heaping portion of lasagna, to the expertly packed meatballs, Ralph's had it all. Add on to that a slice of cannoli cake to split at the end of the meal and just made everything a home run in my book.
Intangibles - Restaurant has no lot, so valet is recommended on weekends. Closest garage parking is about 3 blocks up on South Street. Reservations should be made in all instances, as seating can be at a premium, saw a line out the door during our meals. Wine list is a little pricy, but well worth it for a party of 3 or more.
Overall - Ralph's is worth the high praise and affection, and is definitely a spot to check out on a foodie trip to Philly. The authenticity, quality, and old world style is very evident with everything here.Out of town visitor came here based on a colleague's recommendation. The food was amazing! The Salmon was as good as I've had in years. Lots of flavor and cooked perfectly. The pasta was equally as good and the marinara was outstanding.The restaurant is in the middle of the Italian Market on ninth st. The restaurant is old school, red sauce place.  If that's the type of place your looking for it's ok.  But if your looking for something more lighter, clean flavored Italian this is not your place.  It's busy and on the smaller side.My husband is from Philly and LOVES Italian so when we came up from DC for a  weekend of fun, where else would we go but South Street?! He selected the place and loved that it was the oldest family owned Italian restaurant in the country. We came to Ralphs with another couple and we all loved it. It was crowded and tight but the great service and delicious food made up for it. I had eggplant parmesan which was some of the best I've had in the U.S. The wine was great and our server was so funny and charming. Good food, great service, what else do you need? Oh but remember it's  cash only, which was a drag but we knew about it in advance so came prepared.Saw this place on food channel and decided to try out.  Their Veal and Mussels were SO GOOD!...down side was they didn't take credit card...CASH only...but they do have ATM inside...lolGreat old school italian food! The veal cap and mussels red are a must. If you have not been to Ralphs you are missing out .Excellent food and price ^_^ .... The place is all but coZy .... Waiter was nice ....I would definitely come back againI've been to Ralph three times over the past few years, and I don't think I'll be going back again.  Bottom line: this place is overpriced.  Case in point in the tomato and mozzarella appetizer.  It's $9.75.  I understand that appetizers and desserts are the place to mark-up prices, and that's fine. These people run a business to make money.  However, I cannot respect a restaurant that gouges its customers.  This particular appetizer is one tomato cut up (prob cost them 50 cents), a few small mozzarella balls, and then a drizzle of balsamic vinaigrette.  A dish that costs them $2-$3 to make should not be priced at $9.75.  Similarly, a bottle of beer, Stella, cost $7.  Furthermore, the menu prices on their website are out of date and misleading.  Another case in point: the veal saltimbocca.  On the website, it's listed as $23.  In the restaurant, however, its $25.  This is one of my favorite dishes because of the prosciutto that is traditionally supposed to cover the veal cutlet.  At Ralph's, there were three tiny bites of prosciutto.  I honestly don't think I was even given one full slice, let alone enough to cover the veal.  
I think Ralph's offers traditional Italian food in a great atmosphere.  However, in a city like Philadelphia where Italian restaurants are a dime a dozen, Ralph's has to do much more to make it worth your while.  The food isn't bad, but it's not great either.  On top of serving lackluster food, they have the nerve to charge an arm and a leg for it.  I can think of at least two other Italian restaurants in the city where the food is better AND cheaper.  Ralph's is the perfect example of a once-great restaurant that is now resting on its laurels and relying on name only.  Try it out if you must, but don't expect to be wowed.Excellent Service, table was to close to our neighbor, felt like we were part of their conversation, food was great!Fantastic linguini with mussels! Good amount of food and the wine selection is phenomenal.My bf and I saw a groupon for this restaurant and decided to try it. When we walked in, we were seated immediately and was greeted right away. We were seated in the corner for two people, however, we thought that the table was kind of small for us.
We ordered the mussels ($14) as our appetizers. Good thing, we finished the appetizer first before our entrees came because you couldn't have fit 3 plates on that table. The mussels were okay.. We definitely had better. I guess, we were a little disappointed that the mussels weren't bigger since they should be in season? I mean, the Italian market is like right there... and they sell a lot of fresh seafood there. Anyways, as my entree, I decided on the seafood pescatore ($26) and my bf got the chicken alfredo ($19). I felt that my dish wasn't as great. There was good amount of seafood but the sauce was a little off for me. My bf's dish was mediocre at best. It didn't look that appetizing nor did it taste that great. It was really bland and we added salt and pepper so that it could taste a little better. 
Honestly, we were sort of disappointed since a friend did recommend this place. It could be that our friend has bad taste or it could be, what we ordered? We decided to skip desserts since we weren't really satisfied with our meals. I'm glad that we had a groupon because we were not happy with our meal. We don't mind paying the price for good food but we felt that it wasn't worth it here. I gave it 2 stars because everyone was really friendly.Amazing authentic classic Italian. Melt in your mouth mussels with lots of garlic and parsley, big fresh shrimp and homemade pasta. Cute place and great service. Fettuccine sauce was so good.Luckily, and unexpectedly, Ralph's has valet parking available for the evening. We pull up and race to the entrance, just as the rain seems to be getting heavier. A small outdoor "foyer" guards the front door, New York style, which leads into a small, cozy dining room thronged with seated diners. Old-time photographs line the walls, proving that celebrities ranging from Teddy Roosevelt to Frank Sinatra have visited (and evidently loved) Ralph's. Faded patterned wallpaper looks like it belongs in your grandparents' Victorian mansion. Ornate ceiling tiles gleam overhead. The place oozes traditional, old-school vibes, and I fully expect to see men in pinstripe suits with one hand tucked in the breast pocket at all times.
MB chats with the host, who seats us promptly at a four-top near the entrance. The occasional blast of cold nighttime air hits us when other patrons enter (it is a virtual downpour now) but it gets warmer as the night wears on. Our server is friendly, gruff, and full of good humor. He takes our drink order (Yuengling for me), then rattles off the specials for the evening with lightning-round precision. Everyone opts to start with some kind of appetizer, but I'm still reeling from our stint at Mac's. I need a reprieve from meat (if only momentary). The "spring salad" sounds good, so I go with that: spicy arugula; sliced rings of red onion (which I shuffle off to the side); quartered, juicy Roma tomatoes; chunks of tangy gorgonzola; tart balsamic dressing. All that freshness does wonders, clearing my taste buds for more traditional Italian fare.
I'm ready for pasta now, and I'm a sucker for good gnocchi. This place looks like there may be a little old lady somewhere in back--grandma, let's say--hand crafting each seashell-like piece. Seems like a safe bet. I'm back on the carnivore train again, so I get the tomato meat sauce. The bowl arrives nearly overflowing with bright red sauce covering the pale gnocchi. There are green bits of herb in there, but not overwhelming. I try a nibble. Good, but not great. The gnocchi wavers from being slightly undercooked to perfectly cooked (it may have finished cooking under the sauce, so that's forgivable). It's a solid, if plain, dish with no real diversion from textbook Italian cuisine. A standby, if you will. It is satisfying, though. I do my best to eat most of it before setting aside my fork. The house chianti washes it down nicely. Again, no bells and whistles with the wine either.
While the rest of the table decides to end with coffee and cannoli, I'm good with just some espresso to fill in the cracks. (That's a good thing; no one else seems that impressed with the cannoli.) In the end, a one-time visit to Ralph's seems sufficient to get the gist. Solid food with little flair, adhering to time-honored recipes. The rain has stopped finally, and we're able to depart without getting soaked. Time to sleep...but not with the fishes.
Don't take my word for it. See what my better half has to say on our site (linked in my profile).Newer is always better, but not in this case.  
Not much has changed in over a 100 years of service at Ralph's, and that suits me just fine. Sure, it's got the prestige, the history, the classic neighborhood feel, all of which really complement the food & huge wine cellar very well.
Besides the suggesting the pastas, some notable orders I would recommend:
Meatballs - delicious traditional seasoning
Eggplant Parmesan
Calamari in red sauce
Mussels in white sauce
Five stars for italian fare, you ask?  Why yes, because the food is that good.  There's few italian spots that I really recommend, but Ralph's does it well and should be a must try for anyone willing to shell out a couple bucks more than you'd pay at a chain restaurant.A last minute Friday night trip that did not disappoint! 
In an effort to avoid meat for Lent, my boyfriend and I went to Ralph's in search of some delicious seafood and pasta. Extra points for having Lent specials with veggie soups and crab meat pasta!
We started off with some fresh mozzarella and tomato which was great. My guy had the flounder francaise which he raved about for the rest of the weekend and a side of ravioli-delish! I opted for the manicotti. If you are a fan of cheese, do yourself a favor and order this- outstanding!
Unfortunately, we had no room for dessert. Only con I can think of is that the temperature of the place was on the warm side. That won't stop us from going back!Kinda pricey, cash only?  Huge negative.  Supposed to be the oldest Italian restaurant in the states.  Not really a big deal for me, just as long as the food and service is good. 
The gentlemen's room doesn't have a sink.   The sink is outside which is fine, but I thought it was strange that sink was surrounded by the carafes used to serve ice water.  Sweet!
Excellent ravioli.  Professional staff.Good competent old style Italian food...nothing new or fancy here...only complaint is seating is crowded...it's as if you're eating at the same table as the couple next to you...service is a bit slow...we had to ask for bread...and the bill addition was off by a buck...my wife loves it, so we will be backRalph's is good.  Meals are about 22 to 25 bucks. Not bad for the city. I had a glass of the house merlot that was very good.  Long hot peppers for an appetizer and braciole for dinner.  The braciole was just like my grandmothers, no egg or fancy stuffing. I would absolutely order that again.  I do not like mussels but every body who does says Ralph's are great.  My wife had veal parmesan which she enjoyed.  It was on the dry side but I like it that way. Final bill with tip was a little over $100.   We will be going back.  
Very small dinning area, close but cozy.  It has been there for over 101 years and is the oldest Italian Restaurant in the USA. It is on 9th street in what is left of the Old Italian Market.  My Dad was born in a house 2 blocks in from Ralph's in 1925. I am sure much of my entire extended family probably ate there at one time or another in the last 100 years. I had not been there since I was a kid 35+ years ago. 
The waiter was attentive and everyone was friendly and kind.   
Honestly people complaining about vegan meals or slow service need to go to a new trendy restaurant that will make them happy but not complain about Ralph's.  This place is more than just the good food. It is also a little piece of history. Ralph's is not the next trendy place that caters to the fad or new eating styles. It is just old school good Italian food at a place that has been around for 101 years.This review is from a meal a few months ago.
My boyfriend was in town, and we did all the touristy things around the city. He looked through the guide book I had, and was looking at the restaurants in the area, and we happen to be on South St.. I was new to Philly so didnt know any of the restaurants, we came here because of the great blurb in the book, we get to the restaurant and see all there zagat awards on the front, and are thinking this is great, we are going to have some great Italian food. 
NOT the case. We go in, the place was empty besides one other table that was finishing up.  We may have gone at an odd time, really late lunch most likely. The waiter was nice, I want to say a bit slow for us being the only table their. Boyfriend ordered spaghetti and meatballs, I tasted some, that had to be the worst pasta sauce ever, and the pasta was overcooked. I don't remember what I had exactly, it was a chicken dish, again not good at all, chicken had no flavor, the sauce was strange. What really bothered me was the pasta sauce, the stuff you get from the jars tastes a million times better than what we were served. 
Obviously we had not read the yelp reviews before eating here, but looking through them I see really high reviews and really low ones (which echo my experience at the restaurant). My boyfriend has a theory that the true cooks were locked away somewhere unable to cook any good food that is the restaurants claim to fame. I have no desire to return to this restaurant and find out otherwise, and i would not dream of suggesting this place to anyone, I would suggest they go to Olive Garden before coming here or making their own pasta and adding some jarred pasta sauce, either would be a better food experience.My partner and I made a day trip to Philadelphia yesterday and visited the Italian Market.  We asked a vendor there if he could recommend a restaurant for Lunch and he sent us to Ralph's.  I can confidently say that it is the absolute worst restaurant (not just Italian restaurant) I have ever eaten in.  My partner agreed that the food was atrocious and he is usually very easy to please.  For starters he had peppers and mozzarella which was just that, a bunch of roasted pepper slices emptied out of a can or jar with these strange round hard, cold cheese balls (no, they were not bocconchini, no, no, no.)  I ordered calamari.  It was a bowl of prepared frozen calamari in a reddish brown liquid of ingredients unknown.  Absolutely revolting.  The main courses were lasagna and chicken parmigiana.  The chicken was a cutlet breaded and fried sometime long ago (days ago, at least) before they assembled it with tasteless cheese.  The lasagna was about six inches high and had a meat filling that was rancid.  We didn't want to spoil our day in Philadelphia so we said nothing to the staff.  Besides, the food was so disgusting that they had to know.  My partner, referring to a Kitchen Nightmare show where an Italian restaurant in California was so atrocious that they fired the chef, said that Ralph's must have hired him and given him control of their kitchen.  Oh, the only reason I have given one star is that Yelp doesn't give the no-star option.  How unfortunate.just went for my first experience at the "famous" Ralphs Italian Restaurant. And i know it will be my last. The service was horrible, rushed and unpleasant waiter who had a attitude. All in our party. were uncomfortable with the waiter, our food was ok, we went for lunch and we were told on sundays no lunch menu, WHICH always feels like a sneaky way to charge extra for the same meal. We should of walked out then. But its ok , we wont walk in again.This is the oldest Italian restaurant in Philadelphia.  The restaurant has been family owned and passed down from generation to generation. The poles that people use to wrap their horses around are still outside.  The food is so yummy.  It's basic no frills Italian food that is completely satisfying. The lasana, spaghetti, fettucine- it's all Italian heavan.  The prices are very reasonable. Most between $8-$15. $17 for a special.  
We spoke to one of the managing family members and just for the sheer graciousness of this fellow makes you understand why this family has been able to stay in business for so long.
If you make it out to Philly- you have to make it out there. If you live there already, you probably already have been there. If you haven't...shame on you.Granted this may be a case of seeing nostalgia through rose colored lenses, but Ralph's had the greatest gnocci dishes. I cannot make comment on any of the other items save for the linguine pescatore, which was also excellent.  Whenever I get back into town to visit family, I make it a point to eat at least once at Ralph's. It should be noted that It has been over a year since I have been back. I am hoping the food hasn't deteriorated as much as what some of these other recent comments may indicate.The food was fantastic.  I had spaghetti with marinara sauce.  It had a lot of basil and a fabulous flavor.  My friend had eggplant and said it was the best she ever had.  My only complaint is that although the place was not busy and there were many empty tables, they seated a party of 4 within elbow reach of us.   Our table was so small that the waiter had put our bread basket on the adjoining table and when the other people were seated, the busser took our bread.  Another annoyance is that the busser repeatedly tried to remove dishes we were still eating.  Loved the waiter though.  Warning - drink prices are way too high.Went here last night and had dinner with my girlfriend.
Ambiance was very traditional Old World Italian. Old B/W photos of family adorned the wall, antique tiles on the floor, you know the deal. Seating was very tight in the front where I sat (didn't get to see the other dining room that they have), but I was able to hold a convo with no difficulty.
For appetizers we shared an order of the mussels with red sauce. These were fantastic. The red sauce had a slight spiciness to it which complemented the mussels perfectly, and it was also perfect for dipping the bread that they give you. The portion of this appetizer was pretty large, and we were starting to get full before we could even touch our main course.
For the entree, I opted for the Veal Parm and my GF got the Penne alla Vodka. The Veal parm had a nice pan-fried texture and the red sauce was on point. My GF's dish was also good as well, she just needed to add a little extra parmesan cheese on top.
Overall the dining experience was very good. A tad bit expensive, but definitely worth it if you want to have some authentic Italian.It is what it is,  Authentic South Philly pasta and gravy joint. Very good
Veal sometimes and Escarole Soup and greens rock. The meatballs are
Really good but I like Villa di Roma better.  Sarcones bread served here  also the lunchtime menu they make a great Hoagie and they serve dinner all day Sat.    and waiters are characters from another time but hard working and funny and helpful.  Valet on Sat night finally is great.  Don't forget
Cash Only!It's definitely one of those more authentic Italian places than an Americanized/modern Italian restaurant, which is a plus for my personal taste buds! This place comes up on Groupon so often and always got me curious if Ralphs really is a legit place or not. I was lucky enough to go with a friend, who LOVES Ralphs. 
When you first step your foot inside the restaurant, you'll smell that cheesy smell and will know, Ralphs is real Italian. I sat down, got greeted nicely with our waiter who seemed to kind of rush us in the beginning but he go better throughout the time. First of all, the bread they give you is wow. Just a simple bread but soft in the inside and crispy crusts on the out. LOVED.
 I was craving two things this night. Gnocchi and pasta with vodka sauce. I decide to be adventurous and ended up ordering the Spinach Gorgonzola  Gnocchi. I was grossed out when I first got the plate because the green spinach gnocchi look like cocoons..like literally... haha But the flavor is full of spinach of tastes really "green". The gnocchi is very dense with he spinach flavor and so if you like that , you'll love this dish. The gorgonzola sauce is not too heavy and balances greatly with the gnocchi. 
Portions are good. Price is not too pricey. Has a great selection of wine. The servers know what real authentic food id supposed to be like. 
Yes I would go back, but the reason I give 3 stars is because I think there will be better places that will blow my mind off, it is located in the Italian market area you know...  I do recommend!Not the best Italian in town. You are better off going to Villa Di Roma down the street. The do however give you good portions, but the food is mediocre. I ordered the calamari and in came in a water down red sauce with not much flavor. Calamari was cooked well. My main dish was the chicken parmigiana, it really id not have much flavor. Salt and pepper go a long way. 
Service was terrible. I think they try to portray a rough south Philly vibe, but it's just a turn off. We were a 4 top and all of our food came out at different times. Very annoying when you are trying to eat together.
I would NOT recommend this place to anyone thinking they want to go to a great Italian restaurant.Ralph's was recommended to us by a friend that works in the city so I was not surprised that it was excellent.  The menu has the usual Italian choices and you will not see a lot of gourmet variations.  That is not bad since they do what they do very well.   My veal parmigiana was excellent as were the other orders that included veal, pasta/meatballs, and eggplant.  
The service was average but it ranked along side of the prices.  You are not paying top prices (city) so expect college and/or high school kids to wait on you.  Again, this is all fine but just know that this is more like a cafeteria and not like an upper class Italian restaurant.  
The important feedback that I have is that this place is extremely loud!  I just say this so that you are prepared when choosing this place for a given night/occasion.  I expect that when you read this you will wonder how loud, loud can be.  You will come back to my point... hahaha.
The parking was a bit of a challenge even though I was expecting there to be valet parking.  There was 1 person and on a busy Saturday, I never did see him. I had to run around the block a few times before I went out on my own to find a spot.  This is not a problem but just know that parking might be challenging as would be expected for the city.  
My review is not negative at all and I only wanted to point out the above tips so you can be prepared.Excellent food and top notch setting.  The portions are huge and the quality is outstanding.  Will definitely be back!!As others have noted, it's overpriced for what it is.  Solid food and service, but nothing that blew me away.Food was awesome!   Had the veal parm.   Other with us got the Lasagna and manicotti.  Very tasty!!! Desserts were great!   Only street parking but they do have valet.  Our waiter was a little dry.   Was really serious and in a hurry.  But he was good.   Make reservations it was packed inside.   I would definitely return!!!!I have been eating the mussels in red here since I was 3 years old.  Classic Italian- the veal parm and mussels are always a sure thing.  
Still one of my fave places to come back to in Philly.The best Italian restaurant in the city. You can't go wrong no matter what you order. The brushetta is so fresh and delicious, the calimari is perfectly tender and the hot peppers have the perfect amount of kick to them... and that's just the appetizers. Their famous veal parm is famous for a reason, it is heavenly. Pro tip: don't let anyone at your table try your veal parm or you'll have someone picking off your plate for the rest of the meal; it's addictive. If you haven't had the pleasure of eating here yet, put it on the top of your to-do list immediately.At first I thought it would be very touristy. Not at all, this Gem is tucked into the fabric of a quaint neighborhood.  Great service amazing ambiance and the shrimp scampi was delicious.Had a great meal! Veal Saltimbuco was outstanding. The mussels were very good but spicy. Fair prices and a very authentic real Italian restaurant.  True taste of Philly little Italy that I highly recommend.  Love the history and old pictures.Classic Italian restaurant, with authenticity as its backbone. Such a relaxing atmosphere, along with good food to accompany you. My personal favorite is the Veal Rollatini. I recommend all to try it. When I read the history of the restaurant on the placemat, I was in disbelief at who had eaten there. A few of the names I saw were Taylor Swift, Derek Jeter, and I think I even saw Bill Clinton on there. Overall, I'd come back here again; I really enjoyed my experience.Absolutely horrible experience. The server couldn't have been any more rude or unprofessional. 
The entrees were fine but the appetizers sucked. 
I couldn't find any reason to ever return. 
This place has zero pride in service. 
Certainly not a place for kids. They don't have changing tables. I had to change a baby's diaper on the floor of the tiny bathroom.First let me say that I'm a server, so I don't often post reviews, and tend to be fairly lenient when I do. I understand restaurants can be chaotic and there are often very legitimate reasons that an experience at a restaurant isn't the one you imagined. That said, I also know that if I wasn't a server (as all my guests weren't) this review would likely not be even three stars.
First, I decided to take a group of nine people here for a celebratory dinner recently. It's a large group, so I understand that this isn't an easy feat - I've been in the server's shoes before myself. But, of course, I chose Ralph's because quite a few of my friends (lifelong Philly residents) suggested it as the type of place that could deal with this very well. 
We were seated on the second level in a space that is gorgious and very well maintained room. 
Food was okay - very traditional American-Italian fare. I had no problems with it at all, I wouldn't say it's pushing the culinary envilope, but it tasted good, and ultimately that's what we all wanted.
Where I take issue is with the service. Interestingly it appears all large groups are seated on the second level. Obviously, working in the business, I know this is a bad idea - especially in such an old building with loud accoustics, it just means you are gonna have a lot of people all trying to talk.
We were seated right next to a group of 8-9 people, which in turn was seating in front of 10-12 (people kept coming and going) us and our neighbors tried to be respectful, the third table in the room included multiple people who were screaming and laughing at a redicules volume. I couldn't even talk to my uncle across the table from me (maybe 3 feet away from me, at Max) at times. I understand that servers are often expected to put up with whatever and never, ever, suggest patrons are in the wrong, but I also know that part of the job is being able to politely suggest a table refrain from screaming at the table, especially if they are clearly bothering the other tables in the room.
Service was also rather odd. There were two servers that were servicing the whole room, but there was no rhyme or reason behind the service. One took the drink order, another the food order, and after that I had to get up and talk to them if I wanted anything else. I get that only three of use were drinking - my parents don't drink, my grandmother is in her late-80s and doesn't drink, my Aunt is an ex-alcoholic, etc) so we weren't really the cash cow they thought when they saw a 9-person reservation coming in - it still ticked me off especially when I had to get up and find our servers not once, but twice within half an hour of finishing the main course so we could get dessert menus (and then again so we could order dessert). 
I would have talked to a manager but by the end of it all my guests were rather embarrassed because they felt incredibly out of place. Honestly, they are really amazing people who did not even want me to go to a server when we had a mix up on the order. But while I have a lot of patience as a two-year vet of the industry, when that runs dry I find poor service to be grating.
This is a novel, but as a server I hope management can use it to look at their policies and training. And I hope other guests can use it to see what the experience can be like. As I said, I would rate the food a 4/5, and am not against perhaps visiting again, provided with a smaller group (preferably downstairs) if others suggest it - but I'm certainly not rushing back or encouraging my friends to book large tables there.Bee-bopping around town, I've been wanting to try Ralph's. So we went in around 6 on a Thurs. night. Small place, close tables, decorated from about 1975, but looked very clean. Service pretty good. My partner ordered the special of the night Chicken Piccata ($20) and was a 6 out of 10. OK, but nothing special.  We were in the mood for garlic and got our fix with the excellent broccoli AND broccoli rabe sides (10 out of 10)  I got the mussels and spag. which I would rate a 7 out of 10. The mussels were tender, but a little bit on the fishy side, and there were a LOT of them - yikes! I would have rather had a smaller amt. of them but fresher. Spag. was fresh and cooked well and had  juicy garlicky broth. Rolls were outstanding which you always expect in South Philly. We didn't drink cocktails, but did have fresh brewed iced tea which was about as good as iced tea gets. We weren't offered a refill though which was a little disappointing. But they had given us water so we were OK. I think Ralph's is resting on their laurels. Consistently OK food in a cool South Philly location.Food: 3
Decor: 2
Ambiance: 3
Service: 3
Value: 2.5
I was afraid before going to Ralph's that I may encounter a place that relies on its reputation and standing to bring customers in instead of providing superior food and service. I unfortunately left feeling that those thoughts were justified. The caesar salad was incredibly underwhelming, with clearly stale bread as croutons. The red gravy was also very watery for my taste. Both dishes edible, but not what I'd hope for given this places high reputation. We also sat with empty water glasses for our entire meal. The saving grace was that my fiancee enjoyed her gnocchi entree.Eggplant parm with spaghetti side was great the gravy was on the money. Should have ordered side salad, bread wasn't that great. But place was excellent.Phenomenal. There is no other experience like Ralph's. I had the Spinach Gnocchi and it was amazing. The staff was great and very attentive. I stumbled on the restaurant by chance and it was such a great surprise!So, I stumbled upon Ralph's while exploring the Italian Market this weekend in Philly.  The reviews on Yelp weren't bad, but not great either.  But there was something appealing about eating at a place that has been around for as long as it has (it's the second oldest Italian restaurant in the country, and the oldest continually run by the same family).
My friend and I decided to give it a whirl.  We were seated in the corner and chose to split the Bruschetta appetizer.  She ordered the ravioli and I ordered the fettucini with tomato sauce (both from the "homemade selections" portion of the menu).  The waiter actually brought us a comped roasted pepper and mozzarella salad because he felt we had to wait to long for him to take our order (he was manning the take out calls).  This was a great gesture and a reflection of the type of service we'd receive for the rest of the evening.
The salad was divine.  I usually add salt or pepper to a salad like this, but it was seasoned to perfection, with just the right amount of olive oil and garlic, and the cheese was so fresh!  The Bruschetta was also delicious - perfect texture/toast on the bread, with fresh tomatoes really brightening the dish.
My fettucini was good, too.  The sauce was a bit plain but it really allowed the freshness of the pasta to shine through.  And it tasted homemade, which was just the touch of comfort I needed today.  I was disappointed to find out that the only homemade pastas they serve are the lasagna and linguini, but they do buy the pasta fresh from the market down the street.
The waiter insisted I take my leftovers home and even gave us extra bread.  The food was authentic and the staff was great.  I don't know that I'd say it's my favorite Italian meal, but I'll definitely go back.The service is above excellent at Ralph's! From the moment you walk in everyone wants to make sure you are comfortable and satisfied. This is "team service" at its best. It's almost hard to discern who you actual sever is.  Everyone works together and the results are customers that are happy and never without anything.  Add to this service that the food is prepared fresh and to order! I love the small family style feel! I will patronize this establishment anytime over the large chain restaurants with frozen food and horrible service.Had a rough start to our visit for our anniversary yesterday due to some confusion about whose table we were that slowed down our initial ordering. They did one of the best jobs I've ever seen of making things right after that. I had the veal parm and it was very good, and there was enough for me to have another dinner out of it. Dessert was equally good also. We will be going back. One side note, due to the location in a neighborhood parking can be an issue, I would've gladly paid the valet cost had I seen the sign.Had an unbelievable dinner here tonight. If you're looking for an old-world traditional Italian restaurant Ralph's is the place for you! We totally went off our diet tonight as we enjoyed the chicken parmesan and fettucini fettucini alfredo.  And of course this meal would not be complete without their homemade Italian rum cake.I was excited to visit Philadelphia's ancient Italian eatery and convinced a group of my friends to join.  We're all in the culinary industry, so I think we are pretty considerate of the staffs in the back.  It's too bad, because our meals was pretty awful.  It's not even that the technique was lacking or the flavors; everything was lacking!  The food was poorly prepared, I've had better Italian food from a neighbor!
I am so deeply disappointed.  I came in not even expecting high end quality food, just a good ol' country/home style Italian meal.  The food here lacks Italy's freshness, and rustic charms.  There are much better Italian fares in the city.  
The people may be nice, but the food has since lost its charm.
p.s.  This is a nice review compared to what my fellow diners said.Salad was so oily... The 38 dollar steak was so hard couldn't even chew it.. The calamari gravy watery... I thought that by adding the grated cheese it would give it flavor... but the cheese itself tasted like Kraft This is not authentic Italian homemade cooking for sure ... Very disappointedRalph's is fantastic!  I took my parents to Ralph's for dinner tonight and they loved it.  The decor, tons of people in a not so large space and the smell of pasta reminded me of having a big dinner with my family.  It's a very cute little place.  Their sauce is spot on!  I think they may have an army of little old Italians cooking nonstop.  It is a bit pricey, but much cheaper than flying my nonna here to cook dinner for me.  The portions are hearty and the staff is very friendly and helpful.    We were all very satisfied with our meals.  The gnocchi is decent, though not quite as dense as I like.  The rapini(broccoli rabe) was perfect.  The eggplant parmesan delicious as well.  My dad said he really enjoyed the veal.
Worth noting, they are cash only.  During dinner if you have 3 or more people they highly suggest making reservations.
I will definitely be visiting Ralph's again!The veal is excellent....this is old world Italian food....the waiter will give you answers to what's in the dishes,Good homestyle food without being pretentious.  It's in "northern" South Philly easy to get to and you can even walk it on a nice day from Center City.
Ralph's was the first Italian restaurant I was suggested when I first came to Philly.  Good food, great atmosphere. Very causal.  It feels like you are in someone's house.  It is noisy, but you don't really notice it.
Do definitely get the salad.  The light vinaigrette is great and a sure crowd pleaser.  Stick to the basic Italian dishes: Chicken Parm is great!  Never had a problem getting a reservations and it's always crowded.  You can't go wrong with it.
That being said if you are looking for fancy Italian, you will be disappointed.  Instead, go to Vetri.Great basic Classic Italian food in the middle of a neighborhood. I have yet to find something that I didn't like. The staff is knowledgeable and friendly. I would not go without a reservation. The place is small.  FYI don't try to find parking use the valet. It is well worth itMy parents treated my wife and I to Ralphs for my birthday, and we definitely left happy. At the end of the Italian market, right next to Sarcones, sits a 116 year old establishment - Ralphs. This is not a big fancy restaurant, just an intimate, home style, Italian eatery. Yeah so the service isn't great - who gives a hoot. If you're looking for 5 star service go to one of the chain steakhouses. The servers are reminiscent of any of my Italian family members, what do you want, ok, here you go. Little bit of brashness, some wise ass sarcasm, but it's all part of the fun. The place is small, and you sit on top of the other diners - but maybe you'll make a friend or two while you're there - we did.
We didn't get any appetizers, they're not really needed. You start off with a nice basket of bread from next door - some butter, olive oil, and parmesan - just the appetizer you need. We all ordered different dishes of different complexities, and all pleased (some more than others). 
I had the Veal Saltimbocca which was absolutely fantastic. The marsala sauce was creamy and delicious, the veal tender and juicy, and the prosciutto on top just made the dish. My wife had the Chicken Francaise, which was also tender, juicy, creamy, and delicious. My mother had the Brachoile, which was just like Grandmas. My father had the Veal Parmesan, which while good, was topped by the other dishes. Each of our dishes were served with spaghetti and red sauce on the side. The red sauce was deceivingly delicious for how bright it is (usually a darker sauce has a bit more flavor). Being 4 people who have high expectations for sauce, we all agreed that Ralphs hit the mark. We were also delivered another basket of bread - this one better than the first as it was coated with sesame seeds, which is our favorite. 
We had a bottle of Ruffino Chianti, which was excellent, and then a half carafe of their house chianti - which was obviously not as good, but still 'a solid house wine' as our waiter elegantly put. 
We finished the meal with 2 massive cannoli's, which were also fantastic. The shell was probably one of the best we've ever had, and the filling was creamy and delicious. I also had an espresso (romano - i.e. with lemon) which was a nice accompaniment to the sweet cannoli. 
Ralphs has a very 'home cooking' feel to their food. It tastes like something your grandmother would make, and I am totally thrilled with that. They don't try and go over the top with the dishes (i.e. any amazing plating or tricky flavor pairings), but they sure do have their recipes perfected for their dishes. 
I have to give Ralphs 5 stars for the great ambiance and excellent food, if we're in the are we will definitely return... even though I got a parking ticket.I always go out for Italian food on my birthday. It's my favorite. My parents usually take me to my restaurant of choice back in Detroit and I go bananas. This year, however, was my first birthday actually spent in Philly as a resident of Philly, meaning Mike was on birthday duty. I couldn't really decide where to go, but a love for Ralph's runs through his family, as it came highly recommended by his parents and was also a destination on his brother's bachelor party tour of Philadelphia (I see you, brother), so I wanted to see what the dilly was. Plus I really wanted eggplant parmesan.
We rolled up and were sat without a reservation relatively quickly. The guys working all had on Phillies t-shirts, which was cute. We started with the complimentary crusty bread and a simple tossed salad. Shortly thereafter, our spaghetti came. We took a few bites from our respective bowls and Mike says to me, he says "Is there meat in this sauce? Yeah, there is." I entered a brief state of panic, but then I asked the server about it and he used CONTEXT CLUES gave me the vegetarian sauce to accompany my vegetarian entree and Mike the meat sauce to accompany his meaty entree. How thoughtful. He was a really nice guy, on top of it. Quick, but not short. You can tell they care about service.
The food was delicious and eeeexactly what I wanted. Everything was excellent, down to the diet soda. The eggplant parm consisted of a pool of sauce and a shitload of cheese and breaded eggplant medallions (which I prefer to the usual eggplant slabs that end up soggy and worthless). Mike enjoyed his veal parm so much he couldn't really talk much, either.
It was a perfect birthday dinner. Delicious food, great service, and reasonably priced. Five stars.There are enough reviews here that talk about various aspects of the restaurant, so I won't repeat. I'll just offer some points about the food:
Their calamari are not fried, but instead served in a red sauce. Haven't had them like this before, and probably won't again. The calamari tasted extremely fishy as I've never known calamari to taste before.
The veal parmigiana was a hearty portion, however the veal marsala was very small and the same price.
The bread that was put on our table was fresh (from the bakery next door), but it was served cold. Not even warm from sitting on top of the oven or something. Poor choice.  The butter was in little individual containers as opposed to a little dish with fresh SOFT butter.
The side of "greens" is this mix of spinach, onions, garlic, and other stuff. It was OK tasting, but it was cold when it came out to our table.
The bruscetta was served on toasted bread and the topping was pretty good. Can't complain there.
The desserts, were, well, very good. They make everything there. It was just really good.
The service was good, but a lot of food arrived at our table (party of seven) cold. It was a little bit disheartening considering that they handle large tables of people all the time.
I wouldn't go back and will try other Italian places. Fellini's on the main line is still one of my favorite places to go. No doubt.You go to Ralph's because it's a classic. The food is traditional and basic, but decent. The service is decent. I think you go mostly for the experience though. I feel like everyone should try it at least once. I had the gnocchi, which was fine. It was a little gummy for my taste, but the meatballs and appetizers were pretty good. I would say to go try it yourself because everyone who claims to like Italian food and lives in Philly has to try it at least once.Fantastic traditional Italian. Set is an intimate small dining room, Ralph's has been serving the original recipes for 100 years. This is Italian your grandmother would fix, but only if she was an incredible cook! Any of the veal or chicken dishes will be memorable and the pasta  selection covers all the bases.
I make my own gnocchi and can be critical but Ralph's are light, tender and a real delight service is fast, attentive and quick with suggestions if asked.
The only dish I've ever found fault with is the bruschetta: Ralph's are cut too thick so they can tear your mouth up trying to take a bite. Petty of me but be forewarned.
To summarize, try Ralph's and you'll be a fan for life.I wrote a review on Ralph's a few years ago. I've gone back many, many times since. I recently went this year to celebrate an anniversary and now they accept credit cards which is great. 
However, their bruschetta, the sole reason I went there, has changed. It's standard cubes tomatoes now instead of one warm and creamy tomato. 
Needless to say, I will probably go elsewhere sans bruschetta from now on. Disappointed.This was my first time at Ralph's. Second time in Philly so my friends suggested we go to the oldest family run restaurant in the country. We were excited. Stepping in the waitstaff were awesome. Attentive knowledgeable and very friendly. Since it was our first time we wanted to order basically 4 dishes that we would split 3 ways and take some food home. We asked the waiter for his recommendations. Appetizers were meatballs, long hots and brussetta. Dinner was Chicken Sicilian, veal parm, shrimp with homemade pasta and brisole with linguini. They every threw in couple sides. Right off the bat the veal parm was the best thing on the table. They had it down to a science. Absofuckingperfect. I definitely wasn't a big fan of the chicken Sicilian and the pastas were over cooked. All the pasta dishes came out floating in water. Which means after the pasta was cooked instead of draining it correctly they just threw it on the plate and covered it in sauce. Not the best way to handle it. Brisole could have been seasoned a little better on the inside but still tasty. And the meatballs, AWESOME. They even threw in the desserts which were pretty amazing. All in all pretty decent dinner.Visited Ralph's for the first time ever and left pleased with the quality, quantity and the atmosphere of enjoying dinner in an old school Italian establishment. The history behind this place makes you know your not in some new school restaurant as you enjoy a great meal.
Upon arrival are reservations were looked up and we had a few minute wait at the bar but being we were 45 min early we were seated within 10 min which was great. 
We were served nice Italian seeded bread which was good. Me and my date enjoyed 2 main dishes with her enjoying the Fettuccine Alfredo with chicken which looked very delicious and I enjoyed the Black Lobster Ravioli's with scallops and olives in scampi sauce very good and hit the spot. Serving size and quality was very competitive with other establishments. 
We did not opt for desert as we were pretty stuffed but the desert selection did look tasty.
One thing me and my date enjoyed about this place was the very close feel of being a family, the tables are close the atmosphere is a bit loud but you feel like your one big Italian family enjoying a meal and the history behind the place add's to this.
I would definitively return to Ralph's and enjoy some of the wider selection of meal's next time especially some of the Veal selection's they have. 
Give Ralph's a shot if you like a nice meal and wan't a little history behind your meal they have to be doing something right if there still in business for over 100 years!My friend, who loves Ralph's so much introduced me to the place. He hosted his birthday here and invited 10 of his closest friends on a weekend night. And it was a festive place with great food and a celebratory atmosphere. I understand why he loves Ralph's with its ample, authentic Italian food, warm service, and gut busting servings. Come hungry.Take this restaurant at face value--mom n' pop homemade cookin'. It's very scrumptious pasta and sauce dishes--choose your combinations! Be prepared as the ambiance is very 1972 and the bathrooms are 1960'esque. 
My boyfriend enjoyed the chicken Parmesan which was a massive proportion. I would definitely recommend their homemade marinara sauce. 
I will say I didn't care for their bread, but my boyfriend said he loved it. 
It's the oldest family Italian restaurant in the country. Give it a try!I think they are living off of the reputation of olden days.  The food was just meh.  A lot of history behind the place but could use an overhaul.My husband is a big fan of traditional red gravy Italian, so we dined here this week on a brief trip to Philadelphia. It was a terrific evening. Good service, good food, good ambiance, good wine. Everything really exactly what we hoped for. We will return in the future. Marco was our waiter and he was charming and helpful ,explaining some of the menu items, even posing for a photo with my husband. I can't figure out how I'd never been here before because I used to live in Philadelphia for years! Thanks to Yelp for us finding this little gem.What i will say is when i walked in i wasnt impressed with the atmosphere. You are clumped together and its loud but i thought "ok..ive heard rave reviews labout this place lets just see". One bite of my food and i was instantly a fan. The quality of the food is superb. However, they should tell you on the phone that they only take cash... hmm..why is that? oh yea...Italian restaurant..philly etc.." (better be quiet) i dont want to swim with the fishes" if ya know what i mean. ; ) ~Love this place, we always have the same waiter and he remembers us. Great food and the best service.The "Cash Only" on the Yelp page and customer comment that its cash only are wrong. I was there an hour ago and used my Mastercard. Our waiter was Al and he was very attentive and friendly. Great job. I made a reservation on Open Table and they had it when i got there. I had the roasted peppers and mozzarella salad and it was great. Entree was chicken parm. Instead of smothering it in bread and cheese like most restaurants, it had a thin layer of breading and a thin layer of cheese. They let the veal stand on its own and enhance it instead of overwhelming it. Very, very nice. My kid had meatballs and loved them. Tender (with a lot of veal i believe). Tiny place, unsurpassable hstory, good food, good service. Go.Portions are very generous I enjoyed the history of the building I believe it is the oldest Italian restaurant in the United States. Food was excellent service was very good. I think it's a must go to if you were in the Philadelphia area and want to enjoy some history as well as have authentic Italian foodIn one word: Disappointing. 
Countless times over my years of spending lovely afternoons meandering around Philly's Italian Market, I have passed Ralph's and hoped that the next time I was around, I'd be eating there. Ralph's, for all it's history, should be the crowning jewel of Bella Vista with its laid-back neighborhood-restaurant  feel. 
Last week, I stopped in for lunch with a friend from out of town, hoping to start her visit off with a fabulous Italian meal (plus, I had a Groupon!). We decided to split a bunch of appetizers: Antipasto plate, Clams Casino, Bruschetta and Calamari. 
The waiter brought out the Antipasto and Clams Casino first. Both were decent, but nothing special, and obviously not a whole lot of effort put into the presentation. 
Once we were finished with those, the waiter brought out our Calamari and Bruschetta. I expected the Calamari to be breaded and  fried, as is usual in the many Italian restaurants in which I've eaten. My mistake, I guess, but if the calamari, which I assume was just cooked in the sub-par tomato sauce, tasted even slightly fresh or flavorful, I may have been able to enjoy it. It's not often that I don't eat anything put in front of me, but this was one of those times. The calamari was soggy and fishy. To me, it tasted like someone dumped a can of calamari in a pot of canned tomato sauce. 
I am of the opinion that there is almost nothing you can do to ruin Bruschetta... unless you use tomatoes OUT OF A CAN! Seriously, Ralph's? How hard is it to buy and chop fresh tomatoes for Bruschetta when you are located IN the Italian market? 
Redeeming qualities? Ralph's is cute. The inside reminds me of what my Italian grandma's Italian Restaurant would have looked like. The waiter we had, though unfortunately I don't remember his name,  was really nice and attentive, and made a great dessert suggestion for us. We split a homemade cannoli, which was delicious, with a good cup of coffee. I would not suggest Ralph's for dinner, not with so many superior options available nearby, but I might stop in for another cannoli.Ralph's is the real deal.  I've only been here three or four times, but I've never been disappointed and I always leave full.  The food is the hard to beat.This place was highly recommended and so maybe it raised my expectations a bit.  I should have read the reviews.  The veal dish with red sauce and crab meat was so sad.  The veal tasted like it had been boiled over once and didn't make it on some plate the night before so I had the misfortune of getting it. I had to be honest with the guy who recommended it to me and it was an awkward conversation.Always an excellent meal. Efficient and friendly service. The veal mozzarella is outstanding! The people who complain about the menu here jst don't get it. They are intending to be old school.. thats the whole point...An OK Italian restaurant in Philadelphia's Little Italy. The upstairs dining room was interesting but the table for four they sat us at was too small. I had the pasta with anchovies and garlic as an appetizer. Meh. The house salad was just an ordinary salad you'd get at any salad bar. I asked for the house dressing and got vinegar and oil. My entree was the chicken trombino. It was a good sized portion but nothing great. Other dishes at the table included the eggplant parmigiana the chicken marina. No complaints from those diners. Wait service was passable. This is an old place with interesting decor but I bet there are better restaurants in the area.Was excited to go hear after walking by it so many times. The restaurant itself is very cool, gives off a nice old school vibe. Unfortunately the food was so mediocre. The bread was cold and bland. The calamari was so-so. My girlfriend got the linguini with the alfredo sauce which tasted awful and bland once again. I had the chicken livers which were ok but the pasta and sauce were bland. I think this place needs to get its act together as I can't imagine they built their reputation on the food they're currently serving.I was excited to try this place considering the history. I love Italian, it's one of my classic favorites. I used to work as a waitress for a delicious family owned Italian restaurant so I'm a bit of a stickler. Sadly, this place was okay. The service was mediocre and the chicken parm was decent. It wasn't horrible but it wasn't the best I ever had either. My then fiancé got the lasagna and again it wasn't anything exceptional. I think I'll come back again to try something else but we'll see.I have got to say I have been coming to this fine establishment for about 56 years now(they call my Dad Big Stan).I LOVE this place...it's my first stop from the airport as I am an ex Philly girl now.My faves are the sauteed greens,the clam spaghetti white (I jones for it) and the mussels in red sauce.Just the best!! Oh and the staff...LOVE THEM!Best Italian food in the United states. 
I eat here at least twice a week.
Meatballs, Connolly Cake is a must have.Went for anniversary dinner at my husband's choosing. I knew I was in for a bad experience when calling to make a reservation was a chore. No one that works here is personable in any way. Discussions about personal medical issues were shared in the open. There was often np one to greet incoming customers and there was only one young lady that greeted anyone with enthusiasm. There was no explanation of the food at all.  Sorry to all my South Philly compadres, but the Sarcone's bread was terrible.  I think it would have been lovely had it been warmed. I would have preferred it to be served with Olive oil rather than butter.  We ordered the greens and pastina soup which i put cheese on it so the extreme saltiness could be attributed to that, but I love salty stuff and this was just too salty. My husband had fettuccine Alfredo with chicken, I did not taste it, so I cannot say if it was good. I must say one good thing is the cheese shaker. I always take the lid off and look at the top to see if it is clean or caked with cheese, this one was clean.  I ordered from the new trattoria menu.  I ordered the spinach gnocchi dish. I don't like sausage so I wanted it without the sausage. I was told I couldn't get the sauce the dish comes with and not get the sausage, so I got it with alfredo. Was not expecting what I got. The actual gnocchi was made with spinach and I expected the spinach to be in the sauce. The gnocchi was definitely frozen (easy way to tell is if they are all exactly the same). They were not cooked properly they were little rocks.  I thought better than to add cheese I should taste first. Thank goodness I did! The sauce was completely over salted. There was supposed to be sun dried tomatoes in the dish as well,  not on my dish.  I ordered my dessert to go and as yet have not ventured to taste it.  I had a large portion of my entrée boxed as well.  The chefs need to make things from scratch. I doubt their ancestors served frozen pasta.  Their wait staff need a lesson on personality and customer service.  We won't return.A great place to stop at for Italian in Philly. The place has been here forever and is run by the original family that started it. It is the oldest running Italian restaurant in the country. The food and service are excellent. My favorite part of the restaurant is the size and feel of the place. It is like you are eating in your nonna's dinning room. A definite must stop in Philly.Apparently Ralph's doesn't do pick ups on Saturday night. FAIL. Guess we have to go to Villa de Roma.Ralph's serves up some very classic Italian food. It's not about inventive, experimental, and new flavors, but rather it's your warmth, grace, and happiness of your grandmother's cooking. Who can argue with generations upon generations of old wisdom?
Lastly, the decor in this place, the tiles, the barstools, and the old-school Italian charm of the waiters, all makes this place a gem.
I recommend the veal parm, spaghetti, escarole, and manicotti. Also the cannoli for dessert.My wife and I had been to Ralph's about 9 years ago and loved it. We went back recently and were disappointed. The food was average at best. We had a groupon and thank god we did because the price of the meals is just not worth it for average food you can make at home. When we went the place was crowded and we felt that if we talked to loud the people next to us would be completely in our conversation as they were only 2 feet away. For first timers who want a nice romantic dinner, I would not suggest as the tables are on top of each other. Don't even think about bringing bags or a stroller with you, there is no room. Sorry Ralph's but you ate only average Italian food now.I love the history of this place. The ambience was really reaching back in time.  The dinner salad was very large and the dressing was light yet tasty. The lasagna was huge and very tasty. The hard wooden chairs took its toll since we had a large party and were there for hours. It was a nice dinner, however the staffing was a little stretched because of the large party but I would like to go back in a smaller group. There were others at the table that said the food was not hot,again probably a function of the large party.We were in Philadelphia for the day and looking for a good place to eat.  We found Ralphs and loved it.  We arrived before 5 pm so they were able to seat us (6 in party) without a reservation.  The food was quite tasty and portions large.   We ended up taken some of the food home with us.  I had the eggplant Parmesan, and it was perfect - great sauce, eggplant cooked properly with a nice crunch to it.  No complaints about the service.What a great experience. 6 of us were there for a birthday dinner. Everyone loved the food. The history of the place makes it an more enjoyable time. I had the veal parm.How can you not love this place? I was there on Sat night and had some of the best eggplant parm ever. The service was excellent and all the menu items we ordered were very good. Be sure to get the mussels and antipasto.Lunch at Ralph's is perfect.  The meatball parm sandwich and peppers will keep me coming back. The prices are decent. It's not as crowded. Great place to stop on your way to the Italian Market. It would probably get 4 stars if it weren't for that other meal they serve there... dinner.
It's amazing that in the span of a few hours the number of people doubles (or triples) in the same cramped space, the prices double (or triples) for the same amount of food, as does the waiting time. 
Granted it has a lot of history in the area and it's a great place to check out, but do it during the day and save your romantic and friend-date evenings for one of the other Italian places in the area.  CASH ONLY!I love this place! I only went once, last week, and I'm already planning another day there.
I wasn't sure how it was going to be considering it's in South Philly which means the restaurant was going to be super small. It was tiny but not too bad because there weren't a lot of people there at the time. The owner is a very nice guy and our waitress (forgot her name) was very cool!
The food and dessert were amazing! 
Can't wait to go back.Best Italian in the city, hands down. We came in around 5pm for an early dinner and were greeted by a quaint little restaurant with only a few rows of seats. The service was wonderful and I love the ambiance. We ordered the escargot appetizer, the linguine in clams, and the veal Parmesan. Everything was wonderful, absolutely the best veal Parmesan I've ever had. If you're a foodie or just want good food, make your way to Ralph's.The service: C grade. My waiter was friendly but quite neglectful. And he packed me needlessly close between the wall and a party. Other waiters seemed to be taking some sour puss home drama to work.  
Food:  I wouldn't suggest the calamari. It was like warmed up calamari rings thrown in spaghetti sauce.  It was pretty gross. 
The ravioli was ok. Nothing special. Tired.Gotta go to this South Philly landmark.  Stick with the classics - any parm, lasagna, meatballs, pasta, marsala, etc.  The mussels are unbelievable!!  I've only ever had better mussels at Bertha ' s in Fells Point.  Staff are straightforward and no frills.  Table wine is surprisingly tasty. 
Oh and.... always leave room for dessert.I was very satisfied and can't wait to return. The bread from Sarcones Deli was superb, the excellent meatballs were made of veal, pork and beef. My seafood pescatore was very enjoyable consisting of crab, clams, large shrimp and mussels. The waitress was very informative and the entire experience was very nice.I was here last night for my birthday dinner. Had a traditional dish of veal parm and it was exquisite. What a wonderful little place. I'm amazed I'm just making here now. Will be back very oftenThe designation of the oldest Italian restaurant in America usually comes down to a choice of three establishments - Fior d'Italia in San Francisco (a restaurant that has closed, changed ownership, and moved a few times), Dante & Luigi's in Philly, and Ralph's in Philly.  Ralph's has a good claim in that it has never closed since its founding, has been in the same family, and has moved only once - before the First World War.  In my opinion Ralph's is the oldest Italian restaurant in the United States and as such deserves some respect for its longevity and its traditions.  It is located in the Italian Market section of South Philly and probably doesn't look that different from when it opened.  And many of the menu items are the same too. And don't think it is small - there are three floors of dining!
One of my favorite foods at Ralph's is a Philly concoction called Giambotte.  Giambotte is a spinoff from a fritatta with everything but the kitchen sink mixed into it. There's chicken, sausage, three different cheeses, roasted peppers, onions .... you get the idea!  Your generous basket of bread comes fresh from Sarcone's Bakery next door.  Every table has olive oil, hot pepper, & parmesan cheese.  This is all def delicious.  Ralph's gets five stars from me.  I enjoy eating a taste of history!We went Ralphs for Valentines Day.  It was very crowded.  We had a reservation and were seated right away.  The food was amazing.  The only disappointment was dessert.  An Italian restaurant bringing inTiramisu from Classic Cakes?  We will definitely go back minus the dessert.There are many other Italian restaurants within walking distance of center city and many of which have proven to be a better overall experience than Ralph's; primarily, with regard to the customer service and prices. Our reservation was not recorded correctly and therefore we walked into the restaurant to somebody who attempted to sit us in a far corner and did so with a real edge, acting like he was doing us a favor by allowing us to eat there. We requested another table and walked away after having dropped the menus on the plate. We ordered and decided to split an app and an entre. The portions were okay but the price was way too high and the dishes were SO simple. Its hard to imagine how places like this get away with charging - for example - $6 for a bland bowl of soup and $9 for a brown lettuce overly simple Caesar salad - probably the worst we've ever had in the city. On the way out, the host with the attitude could tell we were not pleased. We answered honestly - not really and there was nothing special about it. Thank goodness - once again, we had a groupon and did not pay full price for this dinner. Should have gone to Ralph's cheesesteak instead for a cheaper and better overall experience. It was cramped and loud and the downstairs bathroom couldn't fit a plus sized child. Ralph's - get it together and be nicer to your patrons who want a better Italian experience.We stopped in here for lunch on Saturday. The first thing we found out is that on weekends, they only have the dinner menu. No big deal, as I was starving, but some lunch options would have been nice. We got bruschetta and calamari for appetizers. The calamari was delicious - it comes sauteed in marinara, and it was perfectly cooked and tender. My only gripe is that I expected more than what we got for $14. For lunch I got the eggplant parm. Portion size was not an issue this time, as I got more than enough to fill me up. It was pretty good, but I felt the marinara sauce was mediocre at best. One person with me got spaghetti and meatballs, which he said was delicious; another got chicken caesar salad and did not like the dressing that came with it. The service was also up and down as well. Our waiter was practically mumbling at the beginning of our meal, but by the end had woken up a bit. The hit or miss nature of Ralph's led me to give it 3 stars. It was an overall pleasant experience, but nothing to write home aboutI love this place! The only thing I would say is the food is a bit too oily and I think it's only certain items. I got the gnocchi and everyone at the table loved it!  The staff and atmosphere is also great they are super kind and well versed in the food! I'll definitely be going back again, just will probably steer clear of foods that are more on the oily side!This place is to die for. Surprised for the many negative reviews but there are just as many good reviews, go figure? This is a family owned italian restaurant that makes you feel like your mom cooked everything up the old school italian way. This place has a great atmosphere and the servers were very friendly and attentive to the huge group that we had. 
The bread was melt in your mouth and it was hard not to overeat it all from the start. The pasta de fagol. was the most amazing soup that I have ever had, I wanted that to be my main meal it was sooo good. When the dishes got out everything was delicious, for such a large group it was surprising that they got everyones meal out at once and with a picky italian family being silent during the meal you knew it was super good. 
Recommend:
-Mussels in white sauce over pasta, omg since eating this I am going to crave it all the time! It was a huge bowl of pasta with about 25 mussels, NO LIE! The broth was super tasty, garlicy and spicy. Try dunking your bread into it, soooo good.
-Sausauge over pasta, pretty tasty but average.
-Veal with scallops over it in a tasty orange sauce.
My family rants about us all coming back here next summer, so due to the reviews I think ill try the mussels next.In a city that sets the bar so high I can't imagine how Ralphs survives. Lacks in flavor, service and quality. Sadly, even the old staples are disappointing.I've been to many Italian restaurants and Ralph's is always on the short list of recommendations. It's classic food combined with South Philly waiters which adds to the experience. The best sauce in the world is the only reason you need to go here.  It's only a five star cause there isn't six or more.  I'd come here every week if I could.The service was 2nd to none, waiter was at our table every 10 mins, the food was great, i saw some reviews that some chain was better, that person dont know food, this place was the best all around,Went on a recommendation to this place and it was phenomenal. We ordered glasses of wine and we didn't have any appetizers but the dishes were fairly large. I ordered the veal Parmesan which was the house specialty with linquine pasta. My colleagues ordered the chicken Parmesan and the veal Saltamboca which looked great. Ralph's been around since 1900 and it's your typical small family restaurant. If you're in Philadelphia, you should plan on getting to this place.Ok,Ralphs is 100 years old and the oldest family owned Italian resturant in the us...cool,but the food was just plain aweful...I love the old school decor & history so that's why I gave raplhs 2 stars not 1...my girl ordered the clams casino and they tasted more like the movie casinos DVD  then clams,they had to be 99% bread...I got the sausage & brocolli rabe over pene w/garlic & oil...the sausage tasted old,the brocolli rabe was sour and penne was mushy...ok now possibly I jus caught ralphs on a off day or being from ny actually know good Italian...this place doesn't fit the bill...just visiting Philly so I can't recamend another Italian spot but the pizza at lorenzos on south street is AMAZING...grab a slice and save your self cash & fustration!me and my parents came here and loved the italian old school charm. my dad had the egg plant, my mom had lasagna, and i had spaghetti marinara. everything was so delicious. this will be our go to spot when we visit. amazing!Consistently fantastic! Old school Italian red gravy restaurant. Try the Pastina and greens soup. It's the closest to my Italian grandmother's. Also, the Veal Parm is the best in the city and comes with a side of pasta. The meatballs are also pretty good here. You can't go wrong with anything you order. Make sure to ask for some Sarcone's seeded bread if they give you the regular bread. Sarcone's has the best bread in the city and is right next door. For desert the Cannoli is great (they make it in house) or the Cannoil cake.  Mangia!Authentic Italian at a decent price. Average $13-18 per plate. Italian-American staff. Their specialty menu is really good.Was a little bit nervous bringing my girlfriend here for three reasons...
1. It was Valentine's day.
2. We were coming from New York where good Italian food is already easy to find
3. She's Italian American so more than likely to cast a critical eye on anything that isn't up to scratch.
Turns out there wasn't any reason to be nervous at all. We had a great meal and the wait staff were very accommodating. I had a special (prosciutto and pea pasta with shrimp) and she had the linguine pescatore. Both were great, mine a little more so (in my opinion) and we washed it down with a full carafe of the house pinot grigio. On the advice of our AirBnB host, we also got a side of the escarole which was buttery and delicious. 
This place lives up to its hype of being a true institution of Philly. I would definitely come here again when I'm in town.What a pleasant surprise.  My friends told me to visit while in town and I took their advice but while I was expecting a loud and boisterous place I instead found a nice low key restaurant that did one thing very right.  The cooking proved to be the draw.  Very traditional dishes done with care and refinement.  It is clear to see why Ralph's has been open for over 100 years.Ralphs is the best!  Any of you who don't think so don't know what your talkin about.  Now that I live in philly this is where I go when I miss my ma's food.  The chicken parm is the best.So-so food, but the waiters do know their stuff. Seems to living off past glory.This place isn't as good as it used to be. The food is mediocre nothing to go back for. The service is wonderful though. Nice Italian atmosphere and decor.Living in Philadelphia offers a plethora of trendy celebrity chef restaurants, so you sort of forget about the iconic institutions that our city has historically been known for. Over the years we have visited several great Italian places in South Philly like Mr. Martino's, Tre Scalini, and most recently, The Victor Cafe--all family owned restaurants which deliver not only delicious food, but also a unique ambiance and exceptional service. Tonite we celebrated a friend's birthday at Ralph's, which was an unfortunate disappointment.
To begin with, the food lacked anything unique in preparation, presentation or flavor. A plate of about 10 ravioli was about as drab as the stuff you find in Acme's frozen aisle...in fact, you'd have a hard time convincing me that my eggplant parmesan was not a frozen Celetano entree. A pile of fettuccini Alfredo arrived in a white dish without even a parsley sprig or sprinkle of herbs to make it look slightly appealing. Judging by the amount left on the dish, I would assume it tasted as good as it looked. The saving grace was the bread; it was everyone's favorite part of the dinner.
Secondly, the service was slow, spotty and unfriendly (except for the bread guy - again, the highlight of the meal). I hate to feel like I'm putting anyone out, especially when I'm paying them to make us feel special. They didn't even bother to wish the birthday girl a Happy Birthday. Our waiter prematurely removed our unfinished drinks and then charged us for refills. Anything to jack up the check, I guess. Other servers at Ralph's Italian Restaurant seemed equally blase, which made me long for the servers at the Victor -- not only do they give you proper attention, but they sing too.
Finally, Ralph's Italian Restaurant is not worth the high price we paid for such simple and unimaginative food. I have spent less at Mamma Maria's and Tre Scalini for much better quality, flavor and presentation of these traditional dishes. As a cash only establishment, you'd imagine they'd have a working ATM, but I had to walk a couple blocks away to tap PNC's ATM machine. That was the clincher for me. 
With so many options of the same genre so close by including Villa di Roma or Dante and Luigi's, I won't waste my time or money at Ralph's again.The food at Ralph's was phenominal. We started out with the mussels in red sauce and when the mussels were done i could of drank the sauce. She had scallops fra diavalo which was lovely! I got broiled sausage with broccoli rabe & long hots in garlic & oil over penne, it was so delicious & had the perfect heat to it. Dessert we split cannolli cake & tiramisu, both were very good. 
Our waiter was Anthony, I wouldn't say he was rude but not polite whatsoever. He handed us plates while his back was to us taking another tables order. It is cash only which I don't mind, but he came back to the table counting the change out loud like I was at a retail store. You definitely need patience & manners to sit through your meal here.
I don't judge a restaurant by there service but some people do. I would definitely recomend the Ralph's just on there food alone.Great food!  Great service! This is exactly the kind of place you think of when considering old neighborhood Italian food. Red gravy, homemade pasta, try the veal...it is a stereotype, but it all works. Come early and get a drink across the street at the small neighborhood bar (think Archie Bunckers Place) (they own it too) and enjoy a real authentic experience. (Even if it is a little touristy).Coming from New York, I have been searching for Italian food all over Philadelphia and I have finally found the best Italian food in the city! The staff was very attentive and the food came out relatively fast. I had Ralph's famous chicken parmigiana and it was scrumptious! I do have to say the portions are large and could be easily split between two people but it's good to have leftovers too.The history of this place finally drew me in. The oldest Italian joint in the country?? I figured I owed it to myself to check this out, despite the mixed reviews.
I love the vibe in this neighborhood. We had a party of 4 with a reservation on a Saturday night and we were seated immediately on the first floor (apparently there are 3 floors total). The staff is "authentic" South Philly for sure! It's a little crowded in the dining room but cozy. Like you stepped back in time. Most of the diners were dressed super casually and it seemed like there were quite a few regulars. 
The wine list was impressive and they had a number of specialty martinis. The beer list was pretty weak, though. Don't go there looking for any specialty craft brews. 
Complimentary bread! The bruschetta was standard but good. Great selection of classic Italian entrees. Everyone in our party ended up with some variation of a veal dish and we shared amongst the table. Simple, straightforward, delicious. Plentiful portions. The red sauce and pasta you get on the side of your meal is really good. 
We had a couple drinks and our total was about $40-$45/person after tax & tip. Everyone enjoyed the experience.Absolutely great: service, food, drink. Veal is amaezeballs. Lauren was swift. Humorous, and knowledgable. Great night.I love Ralphs,  I have never had a bad experience here... Very old fashion and to the point!  Sarcones bread plus homemade pasta equals heaven!  The only thing I don't like is no carry outs... You have to show up in person and order.Ralphs was inviting and delicious. The room was small and cozy. 
Our waiter was very nice and always seemed pleasured to help us (he even said my pleasure when we asked for things!) haha. And they were all wearing Phillies shirts, supporting our team!
The food also came out ridiculously fast, I got the chicken parm that was a massive portion, I would say I could have shared it with my boyfriend but in the end, I demolished most of it, including the side of pasta I got in a bowl. 
They had a great wine selection but I opted for a cheaper bottle of cellar no. 8 zinfandel which was fine with me. 
All in all, we paid around 80 including everything, which isn't bad since we got a bottle of wine a couple other drinks. 
I will be going back.Traditional family Italian food, unpretentious, friendly atmosphere, comic waiters and veal to die for.  Broccoli rabe with plenty of garlic, chicken livers, sweetbreads, delicious italian sausage everywhere and a reasonably priced wine list.  We dined here on the advice of a friend and were very pleased, nothing was overpriced and a nice slice of life sample of Philadelphia on a Friday night, everyone was enjoying themselves.These guys are the oldest family owned Italian in the USA for a reason. Great food in a laid back setting. A taste of the old world pasta and gravy. Not overly expensive but not cheap either. Regardless a good meal every time.Reservations made on a busy Saturday night.  We waited for 20 min for our waiter to arrive with water and bread all evidently a misunderstanding.  We ordered calamari, manicotti, penne with sausage, and chicken tromboli(?).  All worth waiting for.  Finished with dessert "dark side of the moon".  Will return soon.Our most favorite red sauce joint in Philly. While we've been for dinner quite a few times, we just had the opportunity to have lunch there. We will be back! It's much less crowded, very reasonably priced lunch menu, and same insanely great food. Veal part is a must, but be prepared to take 3/4 home or share with others. Veal trombino is another standout: red wine, red peppers and tomatoes with veal scallops. Really fab...
Love the old time tile, pics and ambience. Dinner is MUCH more crowded and noisy...but still lots of fun. Our favorite spot to sit in on main floor. GREAT wine list, many choices are under $40 and great. 
Best to cab or uber, although there is valet parking. Otherwise parking is a nightmare.Excellent food and large portions. The oldest Italian restaurant in the United Staes founded in 1900 and operated by the same family. We went for lunch and the restaurant was not too crowded, but the server was not the best. Very casual, did not even give us his and and never check on us during the meal. I can understand this if it was dinner and the place was packed, but it was not. Luckily another server was there and glad to assist us. This poor service will not scare me away, and we will be back because the food is Sooooo good and the portions are huge!!The wonderful childhood memories never fade away, and to this day anytime someone says "how about we go to Ralph's" I get the excitement of a kid on Christmas! Old school style restaurant, with perfect Italian atmosphere, comfortable and not over the top. As for the meal? Come on! Perfect ravioli! Excellent sauce and nice and soft that they split open with a mere flick of the wrist. Meatballs?? Oh hell yes!! Being 100 percent Italian i can't tell you how hard it is to go anywhere and get a proper meatball, but at Ralph's? Exact! Perfect texture and flavor! Our last visit was even more amazing because we placed a last minute call and they accommodated 12 of us for a 9:30 seating! For people who think the South Philly Italian scene is gone, I highly suggest a trip to Ralph's. You would swear you were back in your grand moms house for a huge Sunday meal! Always excellent, always plenty to eat, thanks as always to Ralph's!AWESOME Italian food. Located in the heart of South philly it has that real deal old school feel. Reminds me of the scene in the Godfather where the police chief gets killed. Been there several times. The Chicken Parm , Veal Parm , Lasagna .... its all good. The meatballs are great too, as are the desserts. Cannoli cake & Dark side of the moon Chocolate cake. It is Cash only but unlike that one reviewer they have an ATM upstairs near the bar so you don't have to run to the Rite Aid up the block ( as she indicated) Not a biggie! Everyone should go at least once.Delicious and authentic Italian restaurant. Truly makes you feel like you are sitting in a Mom and pop place in Italy. Casual, easy going, and great food! Will be back many more times. Plus it's the oldest Italian restaurant in the US!Eh......not that great.   
The guy got my order wrong three times.    The food was just ok.   The place could use a makeover.
The calamari tasted like it must have been sitting in the sauce for hours.
I wouldn't go backWorst service ever. We didn't feel welcome at all here. They have two floors and the main dining is on the first floor and I guess they have a second floor for when the restaurant gets packed. My parents and I were asked to sit upstairs but nobody was sitting there even though there was a line outside. We were confused and the host just said to us, "Oh you wanna sit down here with us?" Excuse me? That was extremely offensive because it felt like we were being treated differently because of our nationality. Servers and host were definitely friendlier with other tables and it took a while for them to take our order, bring our bill, etc. Food was decent but service absolutely ruined the dining experience. I will never come back.Great food and even better service.
Went with my parents and my boyfriend - so the small table was a little cramped.  The boys ordered a martini and when the waiter came over to bring my mother's drink - he spilled one of the two martinis.  Immediately he apologized, gave us another free martini (and comp'd the spilled one) and gave us a free appetizer.  Couldn't get much better than that.
Had the meatballs, anchovies, and roasted peppers - delicious.  Everyone else loved their food too (eggplant parm, veal and peppers, sausage and peppers).  If you want home style Italian food - go there.
Only problem is that the valet was basically non-existent so I say park yourself.It is tough to separate the atmosphere and history of the restaurant (founded in 1900 and still owned by the same family) from the food.
CASH ONLY!
The food is well prepared from a standard menu of traditional red-sauce Italian.   The appetizers and bread are delicious (you'd expect the bread sitting next to Sarcone's Bakery)
The room is tight.  The tables are small.  The service is very attentive.  The atmosphere is 100% authentic South Philly.
Go hungry for a traditional Italian meal and you'll leave stuffed and satisfied.Disappointed to say this but I will never go back. My family and I have been going to Ralph's since the early 70's, this is where we celebrate our family events and have always had great experiences. Last night was beyond horrible. My party of 11 was seated at a table for 10. The wait staff just shurgged and said there was nothing that they could do. Next followed a 15 minute wait before our drink order was taken. There was an incredibly long gap the first and last entrees being served and the meal ended prior to our sides arriving. This was inexcusable. We weren't a large party off the street. We were celebrating a 40th birthday. Our reservation had made made some time in advance. I'd rather be told that they couldn't accommodate our group than to have this terrible experience. I will do the restaurant a favor and let you know now to cancel our Christmas Eve reservation. Last night you ruined what I had come to think of as a family relationship. Unfortunately, it's time to start a new tradition elsewhere.The restaurant is quaint with nice mellow background music. I am not a connoisseur on Italian cuisine but I enjoyed their food very much. We did not order anything fancy, just the typical dishes that you would typically see on the dinner table in any typical Italian family household, such as chicken parmesan, chicken alfredo, mussels over spaghetti with white sauce, spaghetti with sausages. All came fairly quickly and tasted great. 
We order connolly as dessert and it was the best connolly I ever had. Crust was crunchy but not hard, and the filling was creamy and rich with bits of dark chocolate that brought another layer of enjoyment. What I liked best about their connolly was that they were not overloaded with sugar like the ones I had at other places. 
Overall the dining experience was excellent. The place is kind of small though, to my surprise. Their tables are fairly small and the gap between tables is fairly narrow. I wondered if that was just how the restaurant was set up originally when they opened in 1900 and just never changed anything since then. I suppose it's not a concern for their servers because their servers are all very slender. When we were leaving at the end of the meal, I saw a family walking into the restaurant with a baby in a baby carrier. Too bad I didn't get to see how the restaurant managed to find a space for the baby carrier. 
Parking near the restaurant is difficult. They do have a valet parking service for $8.
I saw some reviews about having to wait for a while to get seated. In my case, I had made a reservation through their website, which was operated by OpenTable, the night before, which was easy and quick, and we got seated right away when we showed up for dinner.For 15 years Ralph's was in my backyard and i never made it past Villa Di Roma
But 1/2/2018 Villa was closed so we walked to Ralph's
I might believe this is the oldest Italian Restaurant
+ History
+ Food 
    Calamari in gravy. non-breaded, just perfect squid and perfect sauce
    Please pass more bread to soak up more 
    Chicken Mozzarella just order it
+ Professional and anticipatory 
+ Kinda like eating at your grandmother's houseI love this place!  I've been going to Ralph's for almost 30 years and it never lets me down.  I could eat the mussels in red sauce every day....so delicious!!  My most recent visit was late Friday night.  Chris was our waiter and did an amazing job....very attentive and super friendly!  He knew, without asking, that when we were finished with our mussels, he should take the bowls of empty shells, leave the sauce, and bring more bread.  Gotta love it!Brought a good friend here because we both love Italian food.  Was disappointed and would not come back.  Antipasto was loaded with lettuce, though the provolone and roasted peppers were good.  Signature dish of veal parmigiana was mediocre- not pounded enough and no real sauce or cheese topping flavor.  Cannoli was excellent, cappuccino was cold.  Waitress didn't care about feedback bec they've been there for 50 years and won't be changing things.  Go to Dante and Luigi's - still superior.The best red sauce I've ever had in my life.  You can't get great Veal Parm anywhere.  This place is the best.  Lauren was awesome at making me feel comfortable having my mom's 70th birthday party there and made it super easy with her suggestions.  Our service was the best.  Our waiter Chris M made us feel extremely comfortable and provided great, unrushed service, for 19 people, during a Saturday night when they were super busy.  Thank you Ralph's for making my moms birthday special.i'm with lisa k, this place stinks. i've lived a block away my entire life and every few years go to see if it's gotten better and no, it hasn't. don't waste a meal here, unless you're like the average american and have no taste buds. if you must go, they have one decent dish, the sausage and peppers. under no circumstances order anything from the sea. they murder seafood. go to dante and luigi's, one block west, if you want good italian - american food.I love coming here. Service is great and the atmosphere is nice. Food comes out hot and well paced. I've had the veal which was cooked perfectly. I've had several pasta dishes that were also great. Their sauce is always consistent. Always need reservations.ate at Ralph's last night. First was a cheese, salami, olive plate that was very good, then I had my usual, Eggplant Parm, layered like lasagna and it was  perfect... Valet parking was a plus! Great food, great staff as usual !!!!Fantastic. I have never been to a restaurant before that was formal enough to take reservations but informal enough that the wait staff was wearing Eagles jerseys. 
This restaurant is one of those places where literally nothing on the menu looks bad--that combined with the old interior was, as a tourist, a novel experience.
I think even if I lived in Philadelphia I'd still want to come back week after week.Terrible food! You thought it was hard spoil Italian food? Wrong. The pasta was flaccid, not supple but chalky, not al dente but soft. Any brand made in Italy is far better than this. Is it Chef Boyardee who is providing the pasta? The red sauce seems to have been made from canned crushed tomatoes (the worst of the vine), cooked with a bit of inferior oil. Olive oil? I doubt it. Extra virgin olive oill? Not on your life. As to salads, plueeze--balsamic vinegar sweetened up the shrimp and crab meat on romaine lettuce to the point that no seafood could be tasted. The romaine came from the outer leaves, making the salad coarse and unpleasant to eat. Extra virgin olive oil in the salad dressing? Not on your life. The pasta primevera  comprised droopy, chalky pasta, canned crushed tomatoes, vegetable oil, and large chunks of parboiled broccoli.  Sweetbreads fried within an inch of their life to the point that all one tasted was the fried flour they had been dunked in. No genuine Italian would give Ralph's food to a starving person. The dessert was just as deeply inauthentic. Cake-like tiramisu without soaking in liqueur, and cannoli with library-paste for filling.Where should I start... First I would like to say that I was looking forward to eating at the oldest Italian Resturant in the country. With that I expected to have great authentic food. I was surprisingly mistaken.  There was one appetizer which was very good and that was the escargot au gratin. I then had chicken parmigiana with a side of spaghetti. The chicken was not tender and a little dry and the sauce was disgusting. It tasted like it came from a can and the spaghetti laid in a bed of water on the bottom of the plate which diluted the already bad sauce, but maybe that's a good thing.  The chicken cacciatore was bland/plain and the chicken was once again dry.  Meatballs were just mediocre at best. They might have been able to fool majority of people who go there but for people who know authentic Italian food and who have gone to many other places way better it was extremely disappointing.The food was terrible. I ordered the fettucini because it was homemade, but it was yuck. Overcooked, thick, and very disappointing. The marinara was was nothing special...and the pasta wasn't drained fully so there was water in my plate along with the blah sauce. Tallutos has a billion times better sauce and pasta...so fresh tasting. I'd suggest picking it up from there and cooking at home.
You'd think if Ralph's has been around 100+ years they'd by now have figured out how to make kickass pasta and sauce. Butter that came with the bread was the kind in the plastic containers with tin foil top and there was no evoo on the table.Husbands chicken Parma was fine, hard to mess that up. It was a big portion at least. 
I feel this is the type of place people convince themselves is good because it's been a part of the Italian market for over a century...touristy. Kinda like pats and ginos...terrible cheesesteaks yet always packed. Makes no sense...I will try people's recommendations, but in the end i stick to quality and taste not trend.
Will never return...but will try others around the market and see if any are worthy to actually be there.Purchased a 3 course dinner from Living Social to Ralph's and it was well worth it. Ralph's is known as one of the oldest restaurants in Philadelphia located by the Italian market and I have been looking forward to trying it out. 
Seating took a little while even though it was not crowded and the space is a little small. Ralph's has a pretty wide selection of wines. I They have BYOW on Sundays. We tried the house red which was okay. For our salads we got the roasted peppers and mozzarella that was delicious. I had the ravioli appetizer which was very good and my friend had the gnocchi that was decent. For my main course I went with the sausage and peppers in a marinara sauce that was good but nothing special. My friend had the chicken in white sauce that was definitely the better choice
Overall a good dining experience. If it wasn't for the Living Social I would say it's a more on the expensive side with and okay atmosphere. We went later in the night around 9ish and our waiter was pretty good and attentive to us.Bread was stale. Service was poor. I went there one night when it was pouring outside. The restaurant was packed. But meat sauce was blend. The noodles were overcooked. I'm beginning to think this whole 9th st Italian food is overrated.Our first time at America's Oldest Family-owned Italian Restaurant. Flavors were on spot. Quick service. Expect wait times and cramped spaces. Only issue is that we felt rushed.My friends and I had a great experience at Ralph's Italian Restaurant.  Laura was working at the front of the house, she was pleasant and very accommodating. Michael was our server, he knew the menu extremely well and was helpful while we were picking wines, appetizers and our main course. The bread was fresh from the Sarcone's bakery next door and the food was all perfectly cooked classic Italian. We also really liked the old school ambiance and vibe of the restaurant. We all had a great night and would recommend Ralph's to anyone looking for good South Philly Italian.I had the Chicken Sicilian and it was really really good.  the hot pepper went perfect with it.  Parking is tight so for 8 bucks just have the valet park your car. 
my tab was $22.00 not a bad price for the quality of food you get and the portions are appropriate.Large space which is a little stuffy and rundown.  Food portions are large but bland. Service is prompt but stiff. Pricey for the quality of food. This is kind of a tourist trap and I have actually witnessed a greyhound bus drop off a very large group of senior citizens here for dinner...Mediocre pasta other than the gnocchi with vodka sauce. Very aggressive abrupt staff but good chicken parm and appetizersCozy and busy place, so expect to wait even with your reservation.  Delicious foods, but can be overdone/ too complicated, so stick with simple classic italian and you will be very satisfied.I was expecting BIG things from Ralph's. I'd say I got medium-sized things. 
The location and ambiance at Ralph's was exactly what I was expecting (and hoping for). An old-school Italian restaurant on a narrow street in Philly right next to an old-school Italian bakery. 
The service was okay. I can't say they did anything wrong, but it did seem a bit rushed and not as professional and welcoming as I expected.
As for the food -- it was good. Not great. I've had way better Italian food, but it was better than a lot of places, too. I got the cavatelli with marinara sauce. The pasta was cooked al dente, as it should be, and the sauce was very tasty. The others at my table said that their meals were just okay (meat and fish dishes). The bread, which should ALWAYS be spot on at an Italian restaurant wasn't very good at all (it was cold and heading for the stale department) and the bruschetta was ok at best (over-toasted). 
I can't say I'd go back to Ralph's, but I'm glad I checked it out at least once.Guys............. I do NOT understand the hype about this place...!? I made a reservation FOR MY BIRTHDAY like 2 weeks ago. It said IT WAS MY BIRTHDAY on the reservation, to which I mentioned I was Hillary when we arrived and I was stared at. When we arrived, we walked in and were immediately uncomfortable. They looked at us like "uhhh, wtf are these Irish people doing in our famous Italian- magical- better than everyone and everything on this earth- restaurant", so we did not feel as 'homey' as we expected to feel, per the other Yelp reviews that I had looked at previously. Downstairs was packed and loud AF, so I'm glad they sat us upstairs, which was basically empty other than 1 other table, so it was basically silent and a little awkward. The waiter took like 10 minutes to show up, so we looked at the wine booklet. He finally showed up and I wanted a glass from the booklet, but he was like 'It's only bottles'- so they definitely try and push that. The bread was also super hard and not enjoyable. We got the clams casino and I've had better in the frozen aisle of the grocery store. I ordered the penne vodka with shrimp and, once again, I've had much better at practically every other Italian place I've visited. The ONLY thing I liked about this place was the comped cannoli cake I got- it's fantastic. 
I won't be back.I've been coming to Ralph's for as long as I can remember, and always enjoyed the food and old world atmosphere. So when a friend came in from out of town to arrange a big dinner there, I was in! We started off with a number of their appetizers, the mussels marinara, roasted peppers with mozzarella, calamari and escarole. All were delicious except the mussels, which were tiny and disappointing. And we had lots of good, fresh bread from Sarcones bakery next door to mop up all that wonderful gravy. Our server was very good about making sure we had enough at all times. On to the entrees: I was a little disappointed to learn that they were sold out of both the Osso Buco and the braciole. Our server was very apologetic about this, so when I asked if the veal rollatini could be made with chicken (I don't eat veal), he said, of course. And it was, indeed, fabulous, topped with cheese, prosciutto, and mushrooms in a silky, buttery sauce. The pasta that accompanied it was cooked perfectly al dente, and it was lightly sauced with marinara. We capped off the evening with a couple of their amazing cannolis. It's been awhile since I've been to Ralph's, and it's just as good as I remember.Great Italian restaurant, authentic and the waiters were on point with everything. I love this place.... Good portion size of the food and the price was great... Will come again and recommend to all...Thanks for the home feeling.. That the best when u get that feeling of homeThis place is known for being the oldest Italian restaurant in America so my expectations were pretty high. Unfortunately I have to say I was a little bit let down. The food we ate was all fine and tasted about average but there was nothing particularly noteworthy about it. The atmosphere wasn't amazing as well, however I'd have to note that I went on a Tuesday night so it might have been different on a busier night. I was seated on the first floor and it seemed small as it only sat a few tables, but I found out later that the restaurant actually has three floors which I did not get the chance to see. The restaurant is more of a tourist attraction than anything.