West Philly's one and only ramen joint.
The Good: We were seated right away. Ramen Bar's ambiance is clean and modern, unlike most of its West Philly neighbors. Takoyaki is a great way to start out the meal -- soft, crispy, chewy octopus balls. Thumbs up for the Tonkatsu pork belly slices as well! Juicy and flavorful, it left me wanting more. Food presentation was excellent for all dishes, definitely #instagram worthy. Service is quick and the staff was friendly and accommodating.
The Bad: Noodles tasted like dried instant ramen. A major flaw! The ramen broth, while savory and tasty, had a particularly thick texture, as if extra oil or pork fat had been added to it. I decided not to finish it. Deep fried panko-breaded avocado with tuna was perfectly crispy on the outside and deliciously soft underneath. But the inside was filled with imitation crab meat -- I think they might've forgotten the tuna part?
Ramen Bar faces some competition from Nom Nom down the street. I have to give Nom Nom the edge for their tasty noodles, but Ramen Bar's broth is more savory.Came here with friends for an early Sunday lunch. Service was quick and efficient- we we're seated promptly and food came out quickly. We started with appetizers: Ika geso kara-age (fried squid tentacles) and the takoyaki (fried octopus balls). Both were fried and seasoned well. For our entrees we got ramen and a Donburi Bowl. The green curry ramen was mildly spicy with tender chicken. The toppings all worked very well together, the sour pickled elements contrasted well with the spicier broth. The Chasu-Don bowl was delicious. The pork belly was cooked perfectly. We got a vanilla fried ice cream for dessert, which was a sweet finish to a good meal. This was definitely a meal and experience I'd like to have a again.Always a great place and something warm for those chilly nights. I suggest asking for the wavy noodles. They're thicker and they're the ramen noodles I'm used to eating.Decent food, decent price. I can get down with this place. ESPECIALLY now that they have chicken options! It helps that they're only five blocks from me.Wonderful place to go to on a cold day. I usually get the miso ramen with a marinated boiled egg because it's so good. I also enjoyed the takoyaki (fried balls with octopus).
This place is usually pretty crowded at the peak hour; expect a 15 minute wait if it's full (unless you choose to eat at the bar). However, it doesn't take long to get your order.Average quality ramen for kinda expensive prices. Other entrees aren't much to write home about either. Not nearly as good as Tarekawa ramen in my opinion.I come here pretty often with friends to eat ramen and service/food is usually pretty average. However, this last experience I had here was pretty much less than mediocre. 
We (party of two) came here to eat dinner on saturday night and got seated right away. We decided what to get pretty quickly but it took us a while find a waiter to place our order. I got the miso ramen and my boyfriend got the tonkotsu ramen. We also got pork buns, takoyaki, and a kani salad. I recommend the takoyaki if you're looking for an appetizer, although it is doughy. 
Don't get the pork buns. We got the thinnest piece of meat between the buns and all we tasted was the bun tbh lol. It was thinner than the pork in our ramen. Plus we found a small piece of plastic in one of the pork buns while eating...lol.  Get your pork buns elsewhere. Not here. 
Overall:
Average ramen.
Below average service. 
Pretty okay appetizers.This is a nice place to grab lunch. The service was really friendly and the food came out quick, but for its price, the quality of the food is just mediocre. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great. The pork that came in my soup was tough and a little hard to eat. I would come here again if I had a ramen craving, but it was just average.My favorite trendy ramen spot.
Is very comfortable atmosphere and friendly staff!
The shoyu ramen broth was overall good.)))ramen broth was definitely on a saltier side...and it was pricey...PB burger was excellent...but I wished they could add 1 more on the plate to justify the price...don't think I will be going back here again...A friend and I decided to check out Ramen Bar on our lunch break on a weekend.  It was really good!  Way better than other ramen places in Center City.  Wish we'd tried it sooner.
I tried their original ramen with extra pork and an egg (Tonkotsu Chashumen), and it was amazing!  This one had thin noodles that were almost like angel hair pasta, which was new for me.  It was really light and delicious.  The broth was very flavorful, smooth and tasty.  I also liked that they put a lot of different toppings in the broth, not just the noodles and meat (the menu says the toppings were: menma, kikurage, red
pickled ginger, sesame, scallions and drizzled with roasted garlic oil).  Finally, the meat was really good quality and really good.  I'm glad I asked for extra because it was totally worth the $2 extra.
Great service - the waiters were really attentive and nice when we said we were in a bit of a rush.  I'll be back!Chashu steamed buns - $7
Tom yum spicy ramen - $12
Was really craving ramen, but had a flight out in a couple hours so did not want to get stuck in downtown Philly. Decided to enjoy the campus and then eat as well. Enjoyed the atmosphere and the younger crowd. The service was okay. I believe the owner was our main server. He did everything we asked, but he did not seem to like being there, he did not smile once. He actually was obviously unhappy as he was stern and quick to just serve than move on. The customer service aspect and personable aspect was lacking from him. Maybe, I am over judging, but he made us feel very awkward asking him for extra water or even asking for where the restrooms were. Just not a friendly vibe from him. 
The food was subpar. It was interesting because it really was a mix between the tom yum instant noodles packages that I ate as a child that was slightly elevated. The condiments were all deliciously made and tender. Many were fermented or soaked in special sauces that added to the overall spoon. I enjoyed the bowl, but because of price, portion, and this one server I gave 3 stars. The ramen was fairly priced, but the appetizers were a bit absurd... 2 steamed buns for $7?! They were not even that great, the meat in the buns were not tender and I had to chew and by doing so stuck in my teeth. There needs to be a reconstruction of that dish. 
Hard to find parking and semi hard to find the actual place. The sign is easy to miss and if just walking by, you might miss the venue all together. If possible, I would recommend walking here. Happy eating.Had never had ramen soup other than when I used to get the packages of 4 for $1.00 in the grocery store many decades ago as a poor student and newlywed.  My wife and I wanted to try something new and see what all the hooplah was about.  We love pho and Thai soups.  We allowed plenty of time before we had to be at a concert because some previous reviews questioned the service.  We were delighted on all fronts.  The service was excellent. Servers went out of their way to explain the menu, different tastes, ingredients and options.  The food came out very fast and we both thought it was very good.  It is a student place.  So other than my wife, there was probably no customer in the crowded restaurant more than half my age.  But so what?  The ingredients really did taste fresh and it was a nice change of pace.  Vietnamese and Chinese noodle soups are cheaper.  But on some cold winter night, I will definitely go back here to get warmed up by the spicey ramen noodle soup I had on this visit.I wouldn't say that Ramen Bar is particularly stunning, but considering that it's West Philadelphia, they do make a decent bowl of ramen. If you're looking to be wowed, New York is only two hours away by bus. 
My standard order here is the spicy Kara Kara Tonkotsu Ramen with egg and--because I love carbs and because I lack self-control--usually extra noodles. I doubt that it's "authentic," but the broth is flavorful, and the noodles are perfectly cooked for just the right amount of chewiness.
It's by no means the best bowl of ramen I have ever had, but it's the best I've found in Philadelphia. If you want a comforting, post-exam meal at a decent price point, Ramen Bar will hit the spot.Ramen bar is convenient to those that don't want to travel to Chinatown or other locations for good ramen like Terakawa.
Unfortunately, our last visit left a LOT to be desired - with both food and service.
Service started off a bit shoddy when we ordered appetizers, but our server Lake K did not bring out any small plates for us to share - not a big deal.
Next offense was when 3/6 of our party ordered the same exact thing: Chicken Miso Ramen and only 2 came out. When we asked about the 3rd it was clear it was forgotten. At this point, we also noticed that the kitchen/ or she also forgot our order of chicken kaarage -- and since we've been waiting for about 30 minutes at this point we decided to cancel our appetizer now that the ramen entree has arrived.
Next offense - the chicken miso ramen came out for the 3rd party that did not receive it. She said it tasted spicy - in which I decided to sip her soup. Her soup was NOT the same as mine and my partners, the 3 of us that ordered the chicken miso ramen. My partner and my soup were exactly the same- but hers was totally different. So first it was late, now it was wrong. We brought it to the attention of both the server, and the shift manager that asked us how everything was going
In addition - our ramens all had a solid piece of butter when served to us. Although we are aware that butter is added to accentuate the umami of ramen - it is not appetizing to see a tablespoon of unmelted butter on top of your ramen. 
Even with all the mishaps, the missing ramen, the then wrong ramen, and the missing appetizer - I was surprised when no one came over to apologize, or possibly even take action on our bill. Our bill was not adjusted, no apology or acknowledgment of the errors, and also the 18 or 20% gratuity automatically applied to our party of 6 - rubbed us all the wrong way given our experience.
Would not return if I can help it.Yummy! After going to the nearby theater, we came across this gem hidden just a street behind. Walked in and it looks unique. It's not a bar, if thats what came in mind when you first saw the name of this restaurant. Got the tonkatsu ramen, it was really really good. I liked the interesting tasting ingredients in the soup- although I kind of didn't know what was it in to be honest. ..my fault for never really reading the ingredients thoroughly on the menu. The green tea icecream at the end was a great finish. so yummmmy.Kara Kara noodle was flavorful in their individual components and collectively. The house, all in, noodle was also distinctively flavored in a refined, tasteful ramen soup. Specific noodles for specific ramen soups. The long time of the soup base is noticeable.When does a bowl of water become soup?
If we heat it up, throw in a handful of salt, is it done yet? What if we get a little crazy - add some color and go heavy-handed with the MSG? We could toss in some noodles and trinkets from our bag o' tricks, and what the hell, pour on some more salt, just to stay consistent.
There are two major components that can make or break a ramen bar: the noodles (there are no standouts in this category amongst Philly ramen joints, most are just ok) and the broth. A good broth has depth and complexity. It titillates your taste buds as it overwhelms them with a deluge of harmonious flavors and sensations. What you get at Ramen Bar is an uninspired performance of "The Many Faces of Sodium" hurled at you with a large wooden ladle and Manhattan-style prices. 
The place looks pretty cool though, and the tofu appetizer was quite good.I came here for lunch one day and my experience was okay . The staffs here are really nice especially our waitress. 
As for the ramen , its not good ; its not bad . I'd say its mediocre. It's definitely not the worse ones i have tried but not in the top ranking either.    
Shoyu chashumen- this was one of their fancy ones , wished the taste met up with its price and the expectation . It was just nothing special about it . 
Original ramen - their original flavor was okay , again it was just like having a simple bowl of food that you cant say is good or its bad till the point you cant eat it.Great ramen. Have been to a few in the city that are subpar. This one is a lot better. Would recommend the appetizers as well. Fried ice cream was delish.First night frenzy. Oh and CASH ONLY!!! 
For table of 4 told ~20 min wait but was seated in about 10.  However, we then waited another 10 min at the table to order. and at least another 5 minutes or so for water.
Takoyaki and agedashi tofu apps were not available, so we went with the pan fried pork dumplings. We also ordered the Shoyu ramen and Zenbu ramen.
First of all, the gyoza set the stage for our entire meal. Already disappointed that 2 of the appetizers we wanted were not available, we conceded with the dumplings. We saw them being handmade by one of chefs. The filling seems to be a combo of cabbage and lean pork. The filling could have been a little bit more flavorful, but it definitely tasted better than your standard frozen dumpling (it better though, being handmade). The dumpling skin was soft, and in my opinion could have been a little thicker/chewier. Overall, it was pretty good. 3.5/5
Shoyu ramen - the broth had a surprisingly great clean pork flavor, and it was paired with a great chewy medium thickness egg noodle. It was so good that my wife didn't want to switch halfway through as we usually do. I had to steal a sip of the broth and some noodles when I could. Really good. 5/5.
Zenbu ramen - the broth was more complex, heavier, and a bit on the salty side. The noodles were thin/small, more "traditional" japanese ramen noodles, and also perfect chewiness. The chashu pork was fantastic - soft, juicy, flavorful. The egg was also great. I'd really say that my only critique was that the broth was a little too salty for me. 4.5/5.
Overall, solid 4/5. We will definitely come back and try other ramens and entrees. I am VERY interested in trying their miso cod when it becomes available. I expect that service will pick up very soon (they will have to as I anticipate many more busy days in their future), and despite the rumors, they are not going to be open 24hr/day (sad).After frequenting Ramen Bar nearly a dozen times this past year, I felt it was necessary to update my review from my raving fantastic one from opening week to a more realistic picture of what the restaurant has settled to.
Yes, it's still fantastic that they offer vegan ramen with vegan broth, especially in a setting so veg-populated... but even after 9 months, the service is still severely lacking, and the quality of the food is inconsistent.
Also, after trying vegetarian ramen in other settings (unfortunately not in Philly,) I'm not *as* impressed with Ramen Bar's ramen, to be honest. The noodles are great, but the broth is always bland, and I have to add spicy condiments to it. The vegetables aren't always cooked well either.
Ramen Bar is still a decent place if you're looking for a hot bowl of (vegetarian) ramen in University City, but be warned that the service is awkward, the non-ramen dishes bland, and the prices exorbitant.Ramen Bar is one of the best ramen places I have been. My favorite is the tonkotsu chashumen, which comes with more meat than the regular tonkotsu ramen. The interior of the restaurant is cool, and they always greet you in Japanese when you enter or leave. There's a huge TV screen inside which is kind of cool because you can occasionally catch a glimpse of the news. The service is also pretty great- efficient and not helicopter-like at all.This is the best Ramen spot I've found in Philadelphia so far. The broth is soooo good and you get a big, satisfying bowl. I've also had good sushi here, but I really come for the Ramen. 
Last time I sat at the bar and my service was just as good as a table. I came after I got out of movies on a Friday around 9pm and the kitchen was closing as I left. My only suggestions would be to stay open later. It would be a good late night spot on the weekends for that area.Loved the ambience, so hip and modern. Def a wonderful place to grab a meal and chill afterwards as the owner/manager is not too focused on flipping tables. The pricing is average compared to ramen places. And the simplicity, clean presentation of the food were on point! This is def the place to visit for Japanese inspired food. I'll def make a visit back!The head chef was working at ramen boy, and when ramen Boy closed I was so devastated.
I am glad that he works at this place, so i can get the authentic flavor of my ramen noodle!
The gyoza is better than the one at Ramen boy, they hv improved a lot!! 
Now they have more choices of appetizer! 
Chicken karage is crispy and a bite size!
They also have chirasi and many choices of other rice bowl!
It is a great place to dine!This is hands down the best ramen I've ever had.  My wife and I love it.  We're from NY and I haven't had better ramen there.  We tried other places in Philadelphia with better reviews and were disappointed.  It's very consistent, authentic, and affordable.  Try the Kara Kara Tonkatsu or Tom Yum.  Everything is good though.  I expect them to have numerous locations soon.I really really liked this place. Super awesome ramen but the best is they also serve Sushi and hot Sake too. Cool drink selection and the most awesome tracks too. I really liked the music there it was really cool techno. I also liked the red lighting and the atmosphere.I liked ramen bar! I think it's a great addition to the area & I will definitely frequent it during the colder months! I know little to nothing of the 'authenticity' associated with ramen but I know everything about taste... And it tasted damn good. 
We had the pan fried pork dumplings to start which were flavorful & cooked perfectly (just the right amount of char from that pan fry).
I ordered the shoyu ramen with a marinated hard boiled egg. Next time, I'll skip the marinated egg & get more pork! The pork was delicious & so tender it practically fell apart in my mouth. 
My fellow-ramen goers both got the tonkotsu ramen, which was also very tasty BUT I preferred the shoyu broth to the tonkotsu. I did like the thinner, straight noodles of the tonkotsu better than the shoyu's slightly thicker, curly noodles though...
The portions were generous & the price is right (although I wouldn't complain if they were lower...)! The atmosphere is exactly what I would want out of a ramen bar... Sleek & modern, but still oddly cozy. 
One major complaint:  the music was too loud & borderline obnoxious... I would prefer a more low-key, soothing tune while slurping on some noodles...
&an inquiry;  Take-out??? I want ramen on the go!I wanted to like this place! Ordered the Edamame with sea salt to start and the octopus balls. Both were Meh. edamame didn't have salt on it and the octopus balls had a sweet sauce on them that we didn't care for as it had an odd cinnamon flavor to it.
The ramen was o.k. We didn't get our drinks until we asked a second time. 
Plus, the decor is great, it isn't too loud and convenient to Penn campus.This place is hip, modern and the food looks amazing! I haven't ventured into their other dishes, but the ramen is ok. I did find the noodle bland, hard and I guess I didn't pick the right kinds of noodles. Like many other ramen places, the price is borderline high. It all depends on how you value a bowl of ramen or feel that you can make one for cheaper using package ramen lol. But the price is a bit high. However, you're in a university environment and paying for service and nicely design interior as well. And like I said the presentation of the food is amazing. Check it out for yourself.My spicy miso was spicy yet tasty and the shoyu chachu was great.  We have tried other places in DC and NY and this hits the mark!  
5 star service ...our order was a bit complicated and the waiter did not write anything down and got everything to a T which was impressive.
The inside was clean and spacious just like the pics and the food well we had sushi, gyoza, shumai, and most importantly the Ramen soup.  Everything was delicious!!!The Ramen Bar has some decent ramen. Definitely NOT the best ramen I've had. But still not bad, and nice to eat at.The straight noodles are a disaster - soft and lack of texture, basically ruins the spirit of a bowl of ramen.
The broth is delightful. 
The Sage don is exceptional. 
If you order ramen make sure to ask for wavy noodle and have it made extra chewy .Want a delicious meal at a reasonable price, skip this joint. Want a trendy place to waste your hard earned Benjamins and load up on salt, come here. General rule of thumb, any $10+ bowl of ramen (unless laced in edible gold leaf), should at least be generous in proportions. Not here, small portions and skimpy on the meat. If you want more protein, sure, $2 for a slice not even as big as your palm. However, they are generous with their salt (and maybe msg too), for those into that sort of thang. Finally, to top it all off they "kindly" added a mandatory 20% tip to your total bill (individual bill not group), how "convenient".This place does not disappoint. The servings of ramen are big, the noodles are delicious and the broth savory. Happy hour is the ideal time to go to order a variety of appetizers and drinks at a great price. Staff always friendly.
Conveniently located by UPenn.Disappointing. Broth was OK. Noodles were undercooked. Gyoza was average. Overpriced. No take-out. I doubt I'll be back.Just a tiny bit pricey, and service was just average, but the food was good and the ambience was hip. 
We (party of 3) decided to go for sushi. Were seated immediately, despite it being a Saturday night. A few different waiters came to take our order at different times; not great coordination.  Ordered the Super Philly Roll, Chashu Roll, and sake margarita. It was hard to choose, a lot of the menu looked really appealling. Big bummer was that they didn't have gluten-free soy sauce for one of our party with an allergy. Food was tasty but didn't blow me away - maybe I should try a donburi or actual ramen next time! Also a bit of a mixup with the check; they gave us the check without dessert at first. They also have a 2 card maximum policy, which seems a bit silly in this day and age.Staff was courteous and seated quickly. I had miso ramen and soup was really tasty. Hinted slight buttery taste but it was flavorful and not over powering. $12 a bowl and it was comparable to Terakawa and Yamitsuki where I usually goto for ramen. If you are hungry and can eat, portion was very small. One can eat 2 easily.I came back here for the third time.  This time it was because it was super cold outside and I wanted something hot to warm me up.  I dropped by and asked to sit at the bar overlooking the kitchen. 
The food was good as usual, but the primary reason for my review update concerns the cleanliness of the restaurant.  During the 20 minutes or so that I was sitting there, I noticed that the chef was multitasking with his ungloved hands and without washing his hands in between each task.  What was he doing?  Nothing too gross - but he was basically picking up ingredients and dropping them into my soup, cleaning the counter with some towel that I'm sure was not something I want his cooking hands to be contaminated with, cleaning up random empty containers, etc.  
I also noticed the pork was just sitting out on the counter at room temperature - granted, I don't know how long they actually keep it out.  Regardless, it probably should not be placed in a location where someone like me can sneeze and immediately contaminate future customers with my yucky germs.  That's right, if you came in on Wednesday, you and I are probably closer than you think.  Just kidding, I didn't sneeze :)
Having eaten at Philly food trucks and traveled to countries where food cleanliness is the least of my worries, I'm not a "germaphobe."  But, given Ramen Bar's attempt to be a somewhat decent mid-end restaurant, I expected better!
Down one star.Sanitary reasons. The chef touched payment machines and never washed his hands. They also don't wear gloves/covers or anything.
Sitting at the bar and watching everything happening is disgusting.
1We went there yesterday for dinner (4 people) . The restaurant was full but we waited only for 5min to be sitted. Unfortunately they were out of ramen, so we had their delicious rice plates and some of their appetizers. I really enjoyed the food and the beautiful atmosphere of this restaurant. The service was really good, the waiters were polite and helpfull. I will definately go there again to try the famous ramen and I will supplement my review.
I finally got there again and tried the ramen!! It was really good!!! I loved it!
Yay! I am definately a fan :-)I love to have a noodle place at this location. When you are working in a building next door, it's so convenient in the winter to have a hot soup place next door. Have been there once for a while to most things on the menu.
Their happy hour special are pretty good. Most of the appetizer is about half price (4 bucks for most app) and I always go to the shrimp tempura and fried chicken thigh. But double check if they put as HH order because a few times they waiters didn't for us.  Ramen are not impressive, but comforting enough for me to come here once for a while. Broth is a bit salty and a little on the oily side. 
One thing I really don't enjoy was their Hibachi kama. Basically, I don't feel their yellow tail collar was fresh. It's quiet fishy even after being grilled thoroughly.Good ramen with great service!
If you say something in Japanese (its on the menu) you can get $2 extra noodles for your left over broth. They have plenty of options but as far as taste goes it just wasn't the "best I've ever had." Regardless, I'll be back for my ramen fix since this is one of the only places I know of that is an actual ramen barI once ate here three times within a 5 day span period. Partially my fault because I kept telling everyone how great this place was. 
I've tried the tonkotsu ramen and the miso ramen. I like the both of them, but if I had to choose, tonkotsu wins hands down. It just stinks that each ramen comes with such a small portion of toppings. Also, I find that there is a inconsistancy with the saltiness of the ramen. One day the ramen would be perfect, the next day it would be extremely salty. For those of you who enjoy eatting instant ramen noodles, I advise you to get the the curly noodles in place of the straight ones. The curly noodles has a texture that is more stiff than the straight noodles.
The price of the ramen noodles averaged around $10-12.
I really really liked their takoyaki balls because they had a nice crispy exterior unlike how it is traditionally made. I would pass on the vegatable tempura or gyozas appetizers, not impressive and overpriced. 
I got dorayaki with ice cream for dessert. The dorayaki was dry and tasted like the pre-packaged ones you can get at the asian supermarket. Good thing their green tea ice cream was creamy and filled with matcha! 
In a lump some, Ramen Bar has great ramen! I would stay away from their overpriced appetizers unless youre really craving takoyaki!
I've tried the Ippudo at St. Marks. I think the ramen here is better!Had no idea this place opened in the area. Glad I found it on Yelp and had to try. It didn't disappoint. Very tasty Ramen. I like how you can add additional items for your ramen. This is also the first place I have been to which offers guests to ask for more Noodles for the extra broth. However, the bowl of Ramen isn't that big compared to other places for the same price. 
Service was good. I was greeted right away and was given a choice of seating. My server Hannah was very friendly and attentive. I will definitely be back to this place and try other items on the menu.It's not even fair for me to give a review for them. I'm completely obsessed every chance I get when I'm in Philadelphia I go. As a Vegan the Raman is amazing ... I also get them to add seaweed salad to my avocado cucumber roll a little piece of heaven! This is a must do if you love RamenThe tonkotsu broth was on the light side in terms of flavor and smell, despite a rich color. The chasiu (pork) was sliced thicker than normal, not much flavor, and the softness did not come from fatty goodness, but rather from being cooked or too long. At least the softboiled egg was done right. I needed to add plenty of spices give the flavor enough kick. Noodles were a bit softer than al dente.
The spicy miso had more flavor, and I prefer the thicker wavy egg noodles.
The tori kara-age (fried chicken) was well prepared, but disappointingly small portions considering it was $6.
Service was friendly and attentive; my glass of water was constantly refilled.
Lastly, this has nothing to do with the the restaurant, but I can't help but to comment on the reviewer below who complained about non-disposable utensils....because she did not want to imagine how many other mouths the plastic chopsticks and wooden spoons have been in. So she would much rather chop down more trees to create wooden disposable chopsticks, and overflow landfill with plastic spoons just so she can feel less sick about eating out. The only that makes me *sick* to my stomach is this typical consumerist wasteful attitude, because as Americans we don't already leave the largest carbon footprint behind. Please, watch The Story of Stuff.The worst service ever. I have gone here several times as I live very close by. The last time I came in, one of the guys served me and my friend. He didnt even double check the order and ramen was brought to the table even before we received the appetizer. We ordered two ramens and one appetizer yet one of the ramens did not even come until my friend finished his ramen and the appetizer. When I asked one of the servers, he told me the waiter didnt even have the second ramen in order. I ate the ramen after my friend finished his entire meal. The waiter who received our orders didnt even come by to check and apologize for the wait or the food. It was overall a terrible experience.It's not easy to find a place with good vegetarian ramen and this place definitely makes it to the short list of good vegetarian ramen places that I've been to. I went with a group of vegetarians and we were all super happy with our experience. We each had a different flavor and all were excellent. The eggs were perfectly cooked, the broths were rich and satisfying, both kinds of noodles were perfectly cooked, and the veggies that came with mine were great. We also ordered some spicy sauce to add to our bowls and that really brought everything together for us. Our non-vegetarian friend loved his food too! 
Service was great even though we were one of the last groups in that night.I do not eat meat and been looking for a place to serve ramen with tasty veritable broth soup, and I finally found it! Ramen Bar's vegan miso is very tasty.
you can add toppings of your choice for extra $ and, can order "kaedama" for $2 (extra noodles only). 
I am Japanese grew up eating tasty ramen with thick noodle. I'm so glad to find Ramen Bar. I don't live in the city, but I will be back here pretty soon. this place is going to be my fav.ramen bar, did you switch your bamboo shoot supplier?! 
the bamboo shoots were one of my favorite parts of ramen bar's once delicious ramen until recently! we went & the bamboo shoots tasted rotten & smelled horrible! thinking it was a one time thing, we removed them from our ramen, continued eating (reluctantly)  & politely informed one of the servers as we left (without making a scene) that we thought the bamboo shoots were rotten.
we went back a few weeks later & same thing! we even tried a third time, but, to no avail, we have now removed ramen bar from our arsenal of frequented west philly establishments.
it is so disappointing because we loved ramen bar & the atmosphere is perfect! the shoots are just too unappetizing (& they smell!). something is just not right with them.
all in all - it's still a good spot - just beware of those bamboo shoots!Food alone would be three stars, but the superslow and negligent service, made this joint a two star place. Three of us ordered the tonkatsu ramen, while another friend ordered the spicy miso ramen. The broth was alright. It tasted more salty than flavorful. The noodles were a bit harder, just the way I like it. The pork was very fatty, which I loved. However, when our friend ordered extra noodles, it took forever for the extra noodles to come. I seriously felt like they neglected us the whole time. Personally, I'm not fond of the place, but I guess I'll lower my standards for when I have a ramen craving...since I love ramen too much.As someone who appreciates good veg-friendly ramen, I would say this is middle of the road. I had a bunch of friends talk it up and the results were a bit under my hopes.
I really dig the vibe in here, though. The layout is cozy, the bar is comfortable, the wine moderately priced, the sushi = solid. The waitstaff were super nice and the bartender was rad.
I found my broth to be diluted and the overall presentation and ingredients a bit lacking. The noodles were cooked perfectly, though. After dousing my bowl in sriracha, I was a happy customer. If it was priced a bit lower, I'd understand what I was getting but for the same price as Cheu (or a few dollars more than a couple places I like in Boston), its hard to not consider this place slightly lacking.
TLDR; go for the Bar part of Ramen Bar. And maybe some sushi.Just had a terrible experience here. Food was okay, not great, and the service was poor, as you'd expect from opening weekend, but the how they handled the following situation was atrocious.
My girlfriend ordered ramen, I ordered a rice dish. After a 5 minute wait, my girlfriend got her ramen. Things were looking good. Then, five minutes later, they told me hat they had ran out of rice and asked if I wanted something else. Yes, five minutes AFTER my girlfriend got her food, they told me they had to put in a new order for me. That order must've gotten written down wrong, or they gave my food to someone else (none of the waitresses were remembering orders, just going around asking "did you order this" and giving it to them if you said yes), because I had to remind three different people what I ordered. Finally, 30 minutes after my girlfriend had gotten her food, I was served my ramen. Needless to say, her food was both cold and nearly finished before I had any food in front of me. I ended up scarfing down the meal because I had an appointment that I needed to keep, and I hadn't expected the meal to take nearly an hour. 
In the end, I asked for a discount, and the waitress took the check and gave me 10% off the meal ($2)... For a $12 bowl of ramen that was served half an hour late, I didn't think it was enough (a complimentary bowl would have been nice), but as I said, I was in a hurry and didn't have time to complain anymore.  Needless to say, we probably won't be returning anytime soon.I held out on placing judgement until I'd been here twice, and now feel fine declaring it thoroughly mediocre. I had the miso ramen and the tonkotsu ramen. Neither were terrible, but they were lacking that subtle umami goodness of higher quality ramen broth. I also wasn't a huge fan of the noodles. Staff was friendly, quick, and not too over-attentive. 
If I want ramen in Philly from now on I'll stick to Nom Nom, which is slightly better in my opinion. Otherwise I'll just wait until the next time I'm in New York.Food is very disappointed to me since my husband likes here. Had a high expectation. The burger bun tastes good. Ramen is so bad. Chicken in the ramen is pretty dry. The soup doesn't taste like long time broth but just seasoning. Won't come again.1. I would appreciate more artwork
2. Tom Yum didn't really taste like Tom Yum
3. A bit outside the typical poor college student budget
Consumed: Tom Yum Ramen with Chashu ($12)
I am a huge fan of interior design, so I always pay attention to how a restaurant presents itself. I definitely appreciate the wooden Asian feel with the bamboo filled vase at the hostess counter. Though with the plain white walls, I think artwork would enhance the ambiance.
Okay, okay, you're saying get to the food already. (well I had to get started on the review as I was waiting for my table). Anyway, thanks for your patience. The food is worthy of trying. It's flavorful and will give you your dose of sodium for sure. Be prepared to hydrate a lot afterwards. I had the Tom Yum Ramen and was actually quite disappointed because it didn't taste like tom yum. It was just salty and spicy. There was barely any Thai flavor at all. Granted my last Tom Yum was in Thailand, I guess I can't really compare with authentic food... but STILL. XD The noodles have decent texture, though for what it is worth, it's a bit overpriced in my opinion. But again they do have to pay for university city property tax in some way, right? 
(Also, it'd be nice if they spell check their menu).I ordered Vegetable Chahan with fried tofu to go and it was very good. Super fresh, light-tasting (fried rice!), and they were very friendly and quick. 
You can't get ramen for take out, so I will go back to try it. 
Glad I walked by!
Went back and had the veggie ramen and I loved it. My friend got a pork ramen (I forget which) and she really liked it too. She's a ramen fanatic, by the way.Everytime I leave this place, I ask myself, "Why on earth did I just spend $10+ on a bowl of noodles that I could easily make for $3 at home..." Yet I still keep on coming back. 
It's a good place! Reasonably spaced out so it's a good enough place to catch up with a friend and not feel like the surroundings are overwhelming you. The food has a good variety, from sushi to small Asian appetizers to, obviously, ramen.The service is surprisingly decent and speedy. d
Be careful about the whole "recommended toppings" situation. The first time I came here, the waitress in fact recommended all of them and I listened...I got charged a hefty premium for these extra toppings (keep in mind I normally refuse to pay more than $10 for a bowl of noodles...).Not bad ramen.  I ordered the tonkotsu ramen with the chasu pork.  I can't really comment on the authenticity but I enjoyed the broth and noodles.  The pork was quite good too.  The extra egg was marinated and cut in half and was good too.  I had the tempura as well for an appetizer and the batter was light and crisp too.  Service was prompt unlike some of the earlier reviews so it sounds like the initial opening pains have been dealt with.  The music was loud and annoying however.  This place is a good addition to the neighborhood and I'll be back for sure.  I haven't tried any of the other ramen places in Philly yet for comparison however.The best thing about this place is the late night (9-11) happy hour on Friday and Saturday.  While the drinks are just okay, there are not many places where you will find a late weekend happy hour in Ucity.  I have tried the sushi which is pretty good and the service is always friendly.  The one noticeable downfall is that they do not always seem to have the AC on, some evenings during the summer get pretty hot here.i'm not sure how long ago the karaage picture i saw in the gallery is from but don't be fooled, the current offering is a sad imitation of what i was expecting...overall, an overpriced establishment with nice decor but lackluster food...I went here about a month or two ago with my fiance'.  The food was excellent.  We both had ramen, but can't remember the name of our dishes.  My only complaint was that everything came out too fast.  We hadn't even finished our appetizer when our main course came out, so the table was crowded and we felt a bit rushed.  I will still go back, though, because the food was great and that experience with the service/timing may just have been a one time thing.  Great place in University City a little away from all the busy-ness of downtown University City.I was feeling under the weather on a cold day. So I decided to get some ramen. I came in right at opening for dinner. I ordered the chicken miso ramen. It was delicious but took years to come out, hence the four stars. The service was fine and decor was nice. 
I will go back.Very overpriced, not well made. The drink prices were decent. We should have checked reviews, but we were hungry and both loved the idea of ramen when we drove past. I had a spicy pork ramen and he had non-spicy pork. August 18th, 2015My son had been wanting to go, so tyesterday we tried it.  We enjoyed every minute and everything we put in our mouths. The Ramen was great, we all had a spicy option, the edamame, the dumplings, and ESPECIALLY the tuna stuffed avocado.  All four of us were equally satisfied, no easy feat for our  vastly different tastes.  So good we all vowed to return and bring our family and friends.  Oh and definitely get the egg!We were a party of 7 and were able to find ample seating once we walked into the space. It's a shotgun type layout, with seating on one side and the bar/kitchen on the other side. The space is fairly spacious though there isn't any onsite parking. Would suggest either taking an Uber or driving in early to circle around for street parking. I ended up taking an Uber since it was a rainy evening and didn't have too much time to spare. 
The ramen was pretty savory for the most part. I ordered the Green Curry Ramen. The soup was tasty, though mild for my palate so I had to dress it up a bit with the curry powder, chili oil, and Sriracha. I chose to forgo the fungal additions to the dish and asked mine to be made with the remaining vegetables. 
The order came out as asked and I appreciate that they had a vegan broth option for vegetarians/vegans to also partake in the whole ramen experience.
The service is pretty good. The waitress was attentive and able to help explain parts of the menu that I wasn't familiar with and also offer insight between dishes when I couldn't make a decision. The food came out promptly served at an acceptable temperature to start eating right away. 
This was my first time having this "elevated" ramen experience. I think it was a good start, but would prefer more veggie options and a more spicier take to avoid adding all the additions myself. Overall, I think I would return again to check out the other options and maybe ask to have to dish be prepped at a spicier level.The soup is good, ramen, ummm, i guess its ok~Really excellent ramen.  Gyoza was also quite good.  Service was good.  
It's a little pricey, but not outrageous given the quality.  I'll be back.My wife force me to give a three star. It was actually on easter night, we planned to order pizza but they were not open. My friend recommend me this place coz he said it has the real 北海道の味, so i went there, we ordered the たこ焼き, ラメン,  it was OK, but my wife said the soup was 薄い,  all in all, good restaurant, but too expensive.Five stars. Why? Can't think of any negatives. I'm disappointed at the low star reviews. "No disposable chopsticks." "No one picked up the phone." Really? Reviews like this are the reason why people are absolutely killing the usefulness Yelp.
Had the Zenbu No Se. It was .. $15? Great presentation, great broth, good meat, and I loved the thin noodles. The girlfriend had the vegetarian ramen. This was one of the better vegetarian broths she's tried. Great service, clean restaurant, no wait, and they have a TV which they show sports on! What's not to like? Agedashi tofu - I've had better, but not worth arbitrarily docking a star.
We've got some background exploring ramen.. We've been searching for the best ramen in NYC (it's Ippudo, if anyone is curious), and I've tried most of the ramen places in and around San Francisco. This place is good. Go here.My husband and I went to dinner at Ramen bar a little while ago. I must say I am a vegetarian and my review mainly reflects the veggie items, perhaps their meat dishes are better. The food in general is a bit pricey.
So we tried the tempura, veggie ramen and Japanese veggie fried rice. The food wasn't particularly great, it wasn't terrible either but the flavors were missing. While tempura was good (its deep fried so I don't think you can mess that up), the noodles and the fried rice were pretty bland and boring. 
The portion sizes were ok, but the food and service can be better and faster, respectively.TL;DR: Mediocre. Cash only. ATM, Terakawa still in the lead.
I got the Zenbu "works" ramen which had all of the side goodies for $15.
Soup base: broth consistency was light, but blander than I like. Frequently used condiments to add flavor.
Chashu: WTH, the consistency and cut is more like Chinese Cha-shu?
Noodles: the Zenbu by default comes with the chewier wavy egg noodles that Im not really a fan of, but you can request the thinner noodles if desired
Others: Bamboo shoots very good, egg was okay; The rest I forgot. 
It's a hip place(esp for students) to get a mediocre bowl of ramen that is asking for more than I think it's worth. If owners/workers reading this then I suggest the cooks/management (1)reconsider their entire cha-shu methodology because it's downright damaging and (2)consider adding more flavor to their tonkotsu soup base without changing its consistency. 
As a bonus, you can add special modifiers to your ramen if you ask the waitress. I will have to return on another day when the line isnt ridiculous and see how much they let me modify...In the past I dinned very late at night, nothing like hot soup with noodles. Each experience was satisfied my hunger pangs and my wallet. Everything is fairly price and you receive a more than fair amount of food. People this is not your bagged Ramen so get ready for quality. This time around I dinned at the bar during happy hour, boy was I happy. I ordered the Ebi Tempura (Shrimp) it was $4, you receive 3 shrimp and a variety of Tempura battered veggies that were delicious. I also ordered the R.B. Burger Chashu the ingredients (pork or shrimp I chose pork, spring mix, scallions, red pickled ginger, and mixture of eel sauce, spicy mayo and wasabi sauce were served on nice fluffy and perfectly shaped steam buns. Again delicious. To drink I ordered the Sake Bomb, Sapporo beer (they were out of draft so I was given a 1/2 of a bottle?) with a 'shot' of Sake, good deal for $5. Happy Hour is M-F 4:30-6:30, Fri&Sat 9-11pm.
The food is good but the service leaves much to be desired. It's as if the staff is distracted and you have to prompt them to do anything. They are very standoffish! Better service better review.This ramen bathes your blood in SALT.  Despite the liters of water I consumed in conjunction to prevent feeling parched, my sodium hangover was inevitable.  Unfortunately for us customers, less salt is not a modification we can request.  Dear Ramen Bar, take note and I will visit again.
Still, the scene is pleasantly cozy and they keep the place clean.I've been here twice now and had a great experience both times! I got the veggie shoyu ramen both times and requested it with the veggie broth (be sure to request this if you're vegetarian because they can also make it with the meat broth). I added the marinated boiled egg, mushroom ear, and bamboo shoots. The egg was cooked perfectly and the mushroom ear was fabulous, as always. The bamboo shoots were fine but I probably wouldn't get them again--they were a bit too plain for my taste.
I would highly recommend vegetarians to come here. The veggie broth is incredible! I've been to several ramen bars in NYC (Ippudo, Momofuku, Totto, Minca, etc.) and it's always hard to find a good veggie broth, but this place was great. Not sure what they do but I love it! 
I also got the agedashi tofu as an appetizer, which I normally don't like, but my bf loves it so we ordered it. I'm glad we did, because it was fabulous! The breading on it was really good and I would definitely recommend it!
The service was also great. Will definitely be coming back here again!I eat at Ramen Bar relatively often since it's close to campus. I was very excited that there was a ramen place on campus, but like most ramen in Philadelphia, it's pretty average. I've ordered a few different types of ramen, and all of them have been kind of salty but still not very flavorful. They usually put a bunch of butter in the bowl as well to add to the taste. 
I do think it's nice to go here on a cold winter day to get a nice, hot, bowl of ramen, though if you're looking for quality ramen, I'd probably venture somewhere else...probably New York. 
Also, I think the mochi ice cream is from Trader Joes. FYI...Kind of an awkward service experience but I think it's OK since they just opened. I hope that they do start to accept credit cards or at least put in an ATM machine. The decor is nice and hip with a TV facing sideways from the seats (can't help it due to the layout of the place) and music (Daft Punk & Justice songs played while I was there). As for the food, it's really good! I liked the takoyaki and the kare kare tonkatsu ramen (with all the topping suggestions). The location is a little hidden BUT they do have a great spot near the movie theater and walking distance to a lot of other shops and restaurants. Definitely stop by to try some ramen.
Also, I called Friday night to find out their hours and no one picked up. Rang for an eternity. I also looked outside their shop for hours and maybe I overlooked it but I didn't see any? I'd like to know their operating hours.(vegan review)
they actually point out on the menu what's vegan and what's not; it's pretty much down to miso ramen or shoyu (soy sauce) ramen. i went with the miso, since i would imagine the soy sauce ramen to be not too far off from oriental-flavor oodles of noodles.
i thought it was great! it definitely was a hearty bowl, it felt about worth it for $9 or whatever. i don't think i'll be coming here in the summer but i'd love to go back before the winter's over.So Ramen Bar just opened 2 days ago but I predict that once word spreads, Penn undergrads will swamp this place 24/7. So visit soon, while the wait is still on the magnitude of 10's of minutes. 
The decor here is pretty classy, as are the serving dishes and such: octagonal vermilion chopsticks, fancy Japanese stoneware noodle bowls. Even the spoon (or rather, wooden ladle) that comes with the ramen is like something straight out of the Edo period, though it makes it a bit difficult to get at the bottom of the bowl. 
Anyway, about the food. The fried octopus balls are pretty good, though they could do with more octopus and less fried coating. The flavors are nice though. We tried the tonkotsu and shoyu ramens. The tonkotsu was a light yet flavorful milky-colored broth with thinner, smoother, white ramen noodles. The shoyu is a brown broth that is slightly saltier and packs a rich umami punch. The noodles are the thicker, chewier-type yellow ramen, which I think gives it a slight edge over the tonkotsu. The pork is tasty, but the regular $10 bowl only gives you one piece. I'd go with the $12 bowl (charshumen), which gives you 3. I might skip the marinated boiled egg next time, it wasn't that marinated and didn't come whole with a nice runny yolk inside.
It seems that their bar and credit card machines aren't up and running yet, and neither are a few of the menu items. No matter, I'm sure they'll work it out in time. On a side note, it's funny and kind of cute that they make their servers greet you Japanese-style with a "irashaimasse!" Overall, this is some tasty ramen served in a pleasant and convenient space, so the slightly higher prices are kinda worth it.Great meal. Kara Kara Tonkutso Ramen was our favorite; slightly spicy and very flavorful. I'm definitely a fan and we'll be back for more.Hello, it's the ramen snob again. See my previous ramen reviews if you like. I'm gonna follow my own general template for ramen places. I've been here twice now on a Sat and Sun (yes, back to back). First, the non-factors but still worth mentioning. 
- Wait time for food was slow and took about 20 min to show up. Yes, it's opening week so some leeway is to be expected. 
- Service is friendly and cheerful but not super "professional" in that things are pretty disorganized. Whether or not that's the fault of management or servers themselves, I don't know. 
- Decor was nice. Felt hip and minimal at the same time. Plenty of loud music. Felt like a well-lit Ippudo.
- Plenty of space and tables.
******  On to the food
Broth - 1st visit I went with tonkotsu. Broth was light but creamy in texture. It was an interesting combination that I don't recall ever having. Good for certain folks, but I want a stronger flavor in soup base. 2nd visit I got the spicy tonkotsu broth. I don't know why I ever get spicy versions of anything because it just kills any sense of "flavor".   5/10.
Noodles - both times I got straight. Taste-wise they seem pretty standard. They were relatively chewy, which isn't my preference (I learned things are semi customizable after my 2nd visit).   4/10.
Cha-shu -  Both times, the pork was flat out not good. Clearly they bothered to roll what appeared to be pork belly but didn't cook it anywhere near long enough because it was much too chewy and way too lean.  Thickness of the pork was too thick also (may be a preference thing again). Moreover, quantity of cha shu seemed less than I'm used to as well.         1/10
Toppings - Came with red ginger, menma, and a slice of naruto. Don't remember any nori sheets either (which I thought was standard usually). Egg is a dollar extra. Corn is an option too - maybe a first in Philadelphia?  4/10. 
Price - Basically NYC prices, which is too high due to *not* being in NYC and current food is not worthy of the better ramen found in NYC.  Yes, it's UPenn, but it's still a college campus and the more value-oriented customer may not bite.   3/10
****** 
Oftentimes, I need at least one strong element out of the 5 listed above for me to be satisfied. 
Unfortunately, they did not deliver and overall I give them a 2.5/5 stars (if that was available). They have potential if the waitress was correct in saying your ramen broth and noodles are customizable. However, their pork preparation/style needs fixing - reduce slice thickness significantly and increase fattiness slightly/moderately (or have a fatty slice option if you want to retain the lean cuts for other customers).
A strong effort by the young chef, but things need improvement. Would I return anytime soon?  Not likely. Terakawa is by and large my go-to ramen spot now and I happen to live only a few minutes of walking distance away. I'd recommend people to make the trip out to smelly Chinatown and give it a chance.The first time we came to ramen bar was Friday for chicken miso ramen and Kara kara ramen. 2 days later we can running back for our second trip! We got the Kara Kara again but we switched it up and tried on of the rice bowls. All delish. Where else can you find green tea fried ice cream??Pretty decent ramen, the broth isn't too salty which seems to be my issue with a lot of other ramen places, Nothing really special to say howeverThe first time I ever came here I had quite the mediocre experience.   The decor was very nice. Really enjoyed the ambiance of the place.   The food was just alright though, and a bit on the expensive side for the quality as well as portions you get with it.  I've had slightly better noodles and marinated egg, but their broth was delicious.   However my biggest complaint would be the service received.  Primarily by one of the waitresses.  A short Asian waitress was just simply rude to our party.  First, another server mistakenly brought the wrong item out.  Our friend had ordered the spicy miso however a regular miso was brought out and the server had indicated it was a spicy.  This can be a simple mistake and can be easily forgiven and overlooked, however, what happened next was atrocious and exemplary of horrible customer service.  The Asian server/(possibly supervisor?) came back and  gave us attitude about what was ordered and whether if what was received was the spicy or the regular.  If we were a first timer, how are we possibly supposed to know?  And the server told her to taste it, all with the nastiest attitude.  It of course was the wrong miso.  We were all in disbelief with how the server treated a customer.   It seemed like she was blaming us for the restaurants poor expedition of food coming out of the kitchen.  I will note the original server who made the mistake and all the other servers were completely pleasant and very nice.  It seems like the one shorter Asian server was a bit of a poison and dark blot to an otherwise good experience.Food was pretty good. Very well seasoned, perfect level os spiciness. Service was good. A good option near campus for some different food.We came into the restaurant as a group of 14, and the staff seated us immediately. They were extremely kind and helpful. None of us had any experience with traditional ramen, yet they helped explain different dishes and find something we'd all like. 
The restaurant had a captivating ambience. The ultra sleek decor and ambient house music created a chic urban vibe. It was very inviting and had a trendy feel.
The food was absolutely delicious. Most of us ordered the ramen and we were all content with our meals. Each dish was artfully presented and each bowl was food blog photo worthy. The broth was flavorful and contents were hardy. I would definitely recommend this to a friend.
My only complaint would be that there wasn't enough protein in the bowls. On the menu there is an option to add more meat or an egg, but I'd rather have them automatically add more and raise the prices. The bowls were very well priced at $10 or $12 a bowl. I would add the extra pork or egg for a small additional charge.Ok, I love ramen noodles, actually i love noodle soup in general. This place is average at best. The soup here will leave you with high blood pressure as it is SALTY as hell. I dont understand how anyone can eat a whole bowl, its so salty. The noodles and other ingredients used were decent, but very small in portion. For the price, I honestly believe you should be getting more.Ok if you just need to figure out what to order, go with the Spicy Miso Ramen and add an egg. If you don't like spicy, you'll have to read another review. 
Another favorite on the menu is the Agadashi Tofu. It's fried really well and sits in a delicious home of dashi.
As an enjoyer of ramen - this is probably has my favorite bowl of ramen in Philly. So why only 3 stars? Easy. The price of this place and the quantity of ramen they serve just doesn't add up. So if price doesn't play into your decision for food and you're craving ramen...come here and enjoy!I wasn't sure what to expect when coming to Ramen Bar.  I've read a few friends reviews and saw mixed reactions.  I also had flashbacks to my college days, grabbing those packets of noodle on sale 10 for a dollar, and wondered why I would willingly eat like that after college!
So I finally ended up here last night with a friend and was impressed from start to finish.  The restaurant is more than just clean.  I don't know how to describe it - not fancy, maybe modern?  Regardless, it started out my experience on the right foot.  Service was prompt and polite.  Wanting some spice, I went with the Kara Kara and topped it with a egg.  Food arrived in less than 10 minutes, another plus.  Having heard it might be salty or watered down, I tried it before adding any additional spices and was delighted as is.
Overall, I can't see giving a single bowl of Ramen 5-stars, but it clearly earned 4.  I can't wait to return...So, I think this is one of the places you would find me in if I was desperately craving ramen but too lazy to get myself to Chinatown (Terakawa). It's not bad, but it's nothing to write home about. Quite frankly, it's overpriced thanks to the "University City tax" but I guess it will suffice.I had been here before and would've rated it around 3 previously. The service had never been anything better than mediocre, and the food is okay. But the last time I went with my husband was one of the worst experiences I've had in a restaurant in this neighborhood.
Service was slow, which we're usually forgiving about, but the restaurant wasn't busy enough for it to be as slow as it was. It took our server a long time to come take our order. I ordered a salad and some rolls as my dinner, and my spouse got one roll and an entree. The rolls and salad came out relatively quickly, but my husband's entree never came.
We couldn't get any service. Our server was nowhere to be found. We waited for 35-40 minutes before a different server walked by and said she'd be with us. By that point, we had been there for over an hour and a half. When the server brought the check, my husband's entree was still on there, so we asked to have it taken off. When giving us the new check, the server gave a half-hearted "sorry" but said nothing else. He never offered to bring the entree or do anything to try to make up for the mistake. It was obvious he didn't care. By that point, we didn't want to sit there any longer.
As usual, the food was okay. A little over-priced, but that's expected for the neighborhood. But the terrible service this time was a dealbreaker because we spent almost 2 hours in the restaurant, and my husband left hungry. We ended up getting him take-out from somewhere else on the way home. That the wait staff didn't even bother to do anything other than mutter "sorry" was really disappointing, and we're never going back to a restaurant that had one of us leave hungry.I came here for the first time in years, with low expectations, and am still giving this place a "solid" three stars.
The restaurant itself has a lovely atmosphere, with an open kitchen and wood paneling. There is always ample space as well, and they are accommodating with reservations.
The food price to quality/quantity ratio is extremely mediocre, however. The prices are very high for the amount of ramen you get; I finished my bowl within 5 minutes, and the soup was lacking as well. I always get the Kara Kara for the spice and the pork, but I always have to add more chili spices, and they now only give you one measly piece of chatsu pork. I did order a happy hour drink, which was worth it as it was a $5 sake bomb, but others at my table ordered the specialty cocktails and couldn't finish them because they tasted like flavored water. The $4 whiskey sour seemed like a good deal, though, with a pretty high alcoholic content. 
Dessert, especially the fried ice cream, is delicious, but also extremely expensive. Come if you want to splurge on food and are too lazy to leave UCity...but there are so many other places where you can order more delicious Japanese food and drinks.I've had my fair share of ramen growing up from the pack, but these are certainly NOT from the pack. I went with a friend and we both ordered the Tonkatsu ramen (original) and a takoyaki. The takoyaki was just OK to be honest. It could have been more flavorful and a bit crunchy instead of chewy but the flavor profile was a bit bland so that certainly could have been a bit better. In terms of the ramen though, the noodles are certainly sub par. You can tell that they are not made on site and even if they guarantee fresh noodles, it's not quite good. However, I will commend their absolutely delicious broth. The flavors from this broth were AMAZING. The chashu was also very tender and delicious. Overall, the highlights of this meal was their broth. I could just drink a whole bowl of that (with a lot of water) on the side as well.
The ambiance is also very nice and super modern which I like but it fills up quick around 6PM so when my friend and I came at 5:30ish, we were still good for a table. PHEW. Overall, great experience and I will certainly come back again!Before you walk into ramen bar, you should tell your mind that you are not walk into a bar. It's a noodle house or restaurant .
Ramen bar in Japan is more similar to ramen stand. People sit next to the chief, look at his cooking then serve it to you.
At ramen bar you can still see a bar table next to kitchen, but the feeling is very different.
I would say "Ramen Bar" is a very modernized Asian restaurant. Their ramen is very close to traditional ramen but you can still taste the differences.
The default noodle they use is not traditional yellow curvy ramen noodle (but you can order it). so it's a bit confuse at first. Once you taste the broth and pork (chashu) then you would realize the flavor is actually very good.
Some Japanese ramen houses tend to use bone powder to make soup very quick. But "Ramen Bar" keeps it's quality very good. So the broth taste very nature. One thing keeps in mind is, when their kitchen is busy they may add more water into soup. So the ramen broth may taste less rich during peak hour.
Their ramen doesn't feature any particular ramen style in Japan such as Kyushu ramen or Hokkaido ramen. However the basic set of Shio, Tonkitsu, Shoyu should be able to satisfy your desire.This is not a place for authentic Japanese ramen. I and my bf ordered ramen n katsu don. Taste was terrible. Ramen noodle was too soft n soup was not enough taste especially for tonkotsu. Katsu don... I don't want to even think about it. It was like porridge. 
Compare to taste, service n atmosphere, it is overpriced.. I would not go this place again.First of all, we had to wait about half an hour. When we got seated, it took the waitress about 10 minutes to bring us water and greet us. We ordered Gyoza and that was pretty good. When the ramen came, it def looked better than it tasted. It's probably the worst ramen I've ever had. The broth wasn't even close to good and the pork was very dry and chewy. We were very disappointed. The food and service is very poor.Excellent service. This is not for vegetarians though. I got the fat salmon roll and it was amazing. The service was fast and pleasant. I'll definitely recommend to a friend.After taking a sip of my spicy miso ramen, I thought that the broth was pretty decent, but then, as I brought the second spoon to my mouth, I realized why it tasted so good - there was a whole CHUNK of butter chilling in my spoon. Okay,  anything would taste that good if you use that much butter, but if you're going to use that much, please make sure you mix in all the ingredients properly before serving it in a bowl (and making me aware of how much saturated fat i'm eating) and charging $11. 
All in all, the place is cute, utensils are adorable, and servers are nice. BUT, why is one of the chefs eating his bowl of rice INSIDE the kitchen right over all the food?  And why does an $11 bowl of ramen only come with ONE piece of pork, and then charge $3 for an extra piece? And why do they charge TWENTY percent gratuity for parties of FOUR or more? I've been server before and I know it's not THAT difficult to serve a party of 4. 
All in all, a place I wouldn't mind going to if someone else wanted to, but definitely not a place I would suggest or recommend.This place provides warm food for a chilly day! I love the ramen, and the place is conveniently on campus. The ambiance is comfortable, and service is quick. This is my go-to for comfort after a rough day in class.Was randomly craving soup on a Wednesday night and I live literally across the street from this place, so I decided to finally venture here for dinner. For a weekday the place was pretty busy, but service was still friendly and reasonably quick. My girlfriend and I split the agedashi tofu appetizer, and for our entrees got the chicken miso ramen and tonkotsu ramen.
The tofu was pretty tasty, lightly fried on the outside and swimming in a light soy-based sauce with tons of dashi flakes adding umami flavor. The ramen was serviceable but a bit less impressive. My tonkotsu (milky pork bone broth) ramen had the right amount of chashu pork and veggie toppings, and the broth was tasty but could've had a bit more of the pork savoriness to it. Overall, I'm not in any rush to come back but wouldn't mind eating here again if the mood strikes.
The restaurant does have a sizable sushi menu, which may be worth trying. Also, their happy hour includes cheap beers as well as reduced price appetizers, which I might try some time.I went to Ramen Bar to see what all the hype was about - left and right everyone was going.  I was very very disappointed.
the ramen has almost nothing in it.  Everything is extra cost.  The broth was mediocre.  My biggest quip was with the noodles though - it tastes like under cooked frozen noodles or something.  
Much rather eat instant noodles.Tried Ramen Bar for the first time and liked it very much. Reviews were not really great and the bar is rather pricy for its type. So, I hesitated to try it for a while. I'm not a specialist of Japanese food and I did not order Ramen, but, I liked everything I ordered. Place is well designed, and our server was very nice and friendly. We ordered several appetizers and I followed yelp photos to order. Everything great. I would say however that it is not an everyday eating place as it is somehow pricy.Even though I moved to a place super close to Ramen Bar, I've never felt the urge really to go there (I've been there a couple of times prior). It's a pretty nicely decorated place, but the ramen is kind of underwhelming - it leaves me feeling super greasy at the end of the meal, and the other items I've gotten (e.g. mochi ice cream) were also not quite authentic and kind of disappointing.I am so surprised by how many people rave about this place, especially saying it's better than Nom Nom. 
I have tried multiple times to like this place.. but I just can't. 
The broth is pretty good, but the pork on top is just really disappointing. It's rubbery and lacks any flavor. I usually end up just leaving it (which is a huge waste...) 
The only ramen I somewhat enjoyed was the Kara Kara. Probably because it didn't have their "Chasu" pork. 
Definitely a let down on the ramen side, but I will probably come back for their other dishes. Their takoyaki was pretty good.I ordered the Tom yum with shrimp, it was very flavorful. Good quality bowl of ramen. The ambiance was very nice.I love this place. The ramen is really delicious. I pretty much get the same thing every time -- the Zenbu No-Se Ramen, which has everything in it. I've had a few of their apps but they're a bit pricier than they're worth in my opinion. The sushi is good, and works as a good appetizer in place of the apps on the menu. Ramen is awesome on a cold day! Amazing comfort food.Wow, is this a great spot on a wintery, blustery, rainy Philadelphia day! I was ignorant when it came to ramen, thinking that it was a foodie take on the cheap, student favorite meal. I was blown away, though. I love me some Pho, but ramen bolls provide a more flavorful, richer experience (Both different but great in their own respect). 
Everything about this place is great. It's got a modern look to the restaurant inside, where you can see the chefs cooking amidst the high ceilings and sleek decor. 
The food is out-of-this-world, though. The ramen bowls are excellent. The broths are rich, delicious and porky. The noodles are perfectly cooked. The whole process of slurping the broth and noodles up is addicting. I wanted to get more noodles for my broth for a dollar or so, but I ended up being tremendously full. 
Don't judge ramen (I admit, I was out of the loop and am probably an aberration) and drop into this delicious gem.COMPLETE DISASTER! Yelper "Tiffany C." (A few reviews north/south of this one) seems to of had the same experience...déjà vu all over again. 
At what point is a formally really great place worth only "One Star"? I think it is when it is a mere shell of its former self. 
I will start with the food, It was bland and you could absolutely tell how little care it was made with. As an other Yelper pointed out the "formally delicious" Pork  Buns tasted more like the bun then the sliver of pork that was inside. I realized after eating this normally delicious, though poorly prepared , dish that the true 'magic' would normally be that you can't taste the bun which should be light and airy and devoid of flavor. In this case I can actually taste the flour with just a hint of pork. I guess "you don't know what you have until you lost it holds true", you apparently can't truly enjoy pork buns until you've had them made very poorly. 
With regards to my soup, it is hard to place but again the ingredients just didn't taste as fresh and the soup not as rich. It was absolutely noticeable. There was also some sort of a PIECE OF RED PLASTIC or maybe a very stiff red pepper peel or something in my soup GROSS, it just really turned me off. Get ready for this; the Yelper who had the same pork bun issue "Tiffany C." Also reports finding something in her food. Not good at all.
Now the service: Because I had remembered from last time, about a month ago, that they tend to bring the food out all at the same time even though I ASKED THEM NOT TO DO THAT I took special precautions. I waited about 10 minutes after ordering my appetizer to order the soup, this way it was a failsafe that it would not all come out together. My wife and I joked that it would still somehow all come out together anyway and believe it or not 5 minutes later it did! Amazing! What a great feat and truest not giving a crap. 
When the staff managed to peel them selves away from their conversation we had asked for some more noodles for the soup and naturally they never came out. When I asked where they were the girl said "did you ever initially order them", very strange syntax ("initially order them"?) and yes I "initially ordered them". 
All in all it ever plays deserve to get trashed it's this place. It just smells of arrogance and complacency.  
MY HYPOTHESIS: they think they realized that because they are frequented by so many university students (which I am not one of) that they think they can get away with being substandard and live off of whatever reputation I had . Maybe they can but I'm sure not for much longer. Specially not that price point. 
This is the second lousy experience I had I will never be back.I went in to Ramen last night for dinner. For starters we had edamame, shrimp dumplings and the boys I was with had the RB burger. You can't really screw up steamed edamame, that was fine. The boys liked their burgers. I thought the shrimp dumplings were nice, although I guess I was hoping for more shrimp and less dumpling. 
I don't eat pork so I opted for one of the kitchen dishes instead of a $10 bowl of veggie broth. I ordered the seared tuna with no rice and was very pleased that the waitress asked if I would like extra veggies on the side for no charge! Well, in theory it was an awesome proposition but I will admit I was a little disappointed when the plate had 5 pieces of broccoli, a small mound of snow peas, 3 carrots, and some battered and fried potatoes. Maybe I had high expectations about portions since it was a $19 plate, but this was extra veggies? The tuna was described as seared on the menu, so I didn't specify how I wanted it cooked (and I wasn't asked). I guess I incorrectly assumed that it would be on the rare side so as to avoid that chewy texture that comes from overcooking tuna...but alas, I was incorrect. The charring on the outside was nice, but it was overall a little too well done for my taste. The boys liked their ramen and the portions seemed pretty big, I would have made two meals of it whereas they opted to pick out the meat and leave what noodles they couldn't eat.
Overall I liked the food but like other yelp-ers I thought it was overpriced for what I had. If I am going to one of those little foodie joints where portions are tiny and prices are high I would hope that what food is on the plate is so out of this world I don't even care that I'm not completely full when I leave. Not so much my experience at Ramen Bar, although maybe my expectations were just too high. I think curiosity would lure me back in to try the ramen, but I'll go elsewhere for seared tuna and steamed broccoli.Even after a bunch of ramen places have opened in University City recently, Ramen Bar still remains one of the best spots in the area to grab noodles with friends.
Ramen Bar is definitely a trendy restaurant amongst college kids, and the atmosphere reflects that: it's casual and many students dine here frequently. I probably eat here at least twice a month -- I live nearby and love the food!
I am a big fan of the Kara Kara Tonkatsu Ramen, and get it nearly every time I eat here. But there's a wide selection of food here and you can even pass on the ramen and get sushi instead!
4 stars instead of 5 only because I feel that it's a tad bit overpriced: an average dinner here will cost you slightly more than other ramen places within a few blocks. But it's worth a shot at least once, especially if you live around here!I had the Tum yum ramen, it was delicious! Pay additional $2 you get refills of noodles for your left over broth. The noodles are fresh it came with shrimp, egg, seaweed.Their food deserves 5 stars because it is very delicious. Despite the amazing food, a dining experience is about the service as well, which they sucked at. We waited at our table for 15 minutes to get the waiters attention. Furthermore, there was a cockroach on the window next to us. When we told the staff, they simply killed it. They did apologize but they could've offered us to move to another table. I saw the wait staff even laughing about it in the back instead of apologizing for it. Besides, why do they even have cockroaches in a somewhat upscale restaurant like that. I'm really disappointed with the experience and will never go back again.I wouldn't go here for the ramen, but the sushi is probably the freshest of university city (compared to experiences at Mizu, Chattime, Pod, and Hai Street Kitchen). I go here at least once a week, and I mostly go for the entrees, which have all been pretty satisfying.
What I recommend:
* Sakedon $16 (8pc salmon sashimi over rice) is my favorite! 
* Fat Salmon Roll $12 (seared salmon and roe over a salmon cucumber roll + spicy mayo) 
* Ika/Squid Nigiri $5
* Salmon Avocado Maki Roll $6
* Wasabi Steak 
Service is really quick so this is perfect if you want a quick meal.A great ramen place in University City! 3.5 stars! It's so conveniently close to Penn's campus that it makes for a great place to satisfy your ramen cravings. Especially during the cold winter months, a bowl of ramen from Ramen Bar is just perfect to warm you up! I've ordered the tonkotsu ramen twice here because it was so delicious. The tonkotsu ramen comes with noodles, marinated chashu pork, kikirage, menma, red pickled ginger, scallions, and drizzled with roasted garlic oil. There is also the option of tonkotsu chashumen which offers 3 pork pieces instead of 1 for $2 more. I really want to come back to try the chicken because I've heard good things about it from friends as well. Overall, the service here was really friendly and I would recommend coming here to get your gourmet ramen fix! The causal yet trendy atmosphere of the restaurant is definitely a plus.I tried Ramen Bar for the first time last night. Since it has some mixed reviews, I was a little nervous that I would be disappointed. I was especially concerned about the reports that the broth here lacks flavor, but I decided to give it a shot anyway. We arrived around 8:30 p.m. and found a hassle-free parking space right in front. This alone is a major benefit over going to Chinatown. Inside, it was busy, but not packed, and we were seated immediately. The chairs and soft bench seating are very comfortable, and are far superior to the recent trend of those tiny wooden stools with no backs that are found at some competitors' establishments. For people who sport American-sized bottoms, the seating at Ramen Bar is much preferable to the seating at some other ramen joints in Philly. This place has a full bar, with reasonable wine and drink prices. Still, the fact that it's not BYOB is going to greatly add to your bill if you enjoy some spirits with your meal. For starters, we had the pork and chicken dumplings, the avocado salad and the edamame. The dumplings had a nice flavor and texture. However, there was some gristle in one of them; a large piece of gristle that was un-chewable. This really grossed me out and I left the rest of the dumplings on the plate. The avocado salad was great, and the dressing, full of sesame and soy flavors. The edamame was a standout, and it had a terrific, unique flavor. It was the best I've ever had, thus far. I ordered the spicy miso ramen and my husband got the wasabe steak. The ramen broth was bursting with flavor, so I am unsure where the complaints of bland broth are coming from in some of the other reviews. The broth was chock full of ginger, sesame and garlic; perfectly balanced saltiness, and just enough heat to give it a kick. The noodles were incredibly chewy, with spring and bite. If you enjoy truly al dente noodles, you won't be disappointed. I found the pork to be a bit sparse, as there was only one piece swimming around with the rest of the toppings. The other additions could have also been boosted in terms of portions. My husband said the steak was fantastic. However, it is one of the most expensive menu items. Be careful if you're on a budget; the cost adds up quickly. Our bill came to nearly $90 with tip, and we each only had one drink. No dessert. If I hadn't found the gristle in my dumpling, the soup had more pork in it, and the ramen was a bit more reasonably priced, I would have given this place four stars. Still, I enjoyed it enough that I will surely return.Ramen Bar in University City is a stylish new ramen restaurant in Philadelphia.  It's a great stop on a cold winter's day.  They have all the famous types of Ramen from Tonkotsu to Shio to Shoyu.  I went for a Shoyu style ramen today. The broth was tasty, the usual shoyu fillings were present from menma to nori to green onions and pork.  But I wanted more of the ingredients.  I thought for ten dollars it was a little bit on the skimpy side.  Now on the other hand it was fun sitting at the bar and watching the preparations of the ramen and the staff were super friendly which only added to the warmth of Ramen Bar on a very cold Philadelphia February afternoon.They don't let you take ramen to go here, or let you leave with leftovers. It's a shame, they used to be flexible on this matter (I work next door and work thru lunch) but now they refuse service if you intend to eat is elsewhere.
Per the chef, they think this compromises the ramen. Today I was not served because I told the waitress I wanted to leave with my leftovers (I was with a colleague in the same situation). There was only 1 other person eating in the restaurant. With so few patrons, I'm curious how long they'll stay alive turning customers away? 
Too bad, because the ramen is actually very good.A restaurant with a clean design and good use of space. Always like to try different interpretations of ramen flavors so I decided to try the green curry ramen and check how the Thai flavors would complement the traditional ramen broth. Wasn't disappointed - aromatic spice added a lot of flavor to the soup. I typically like more of a bite to my noodles but it wasn't a deal breaker. A little skimpy on the toppings. When I'm ordering charshu as my main protein, I'd expect more than one slice especially when a bowl is coming at a price of $13. Would like to come back to try their Tom Yum interpretation. Overall, service was speedy and food was tasty. Definitely a nice spot in the UCity neighborhood.The first time I went the place seems a bit overpriced for what it offers. The second we however, the three of all thoroughly enjoyed the experience.
The lychee champagne that they offered that night was exceptional. We had gyoza and edamame for appetizer and it was great. The Ramen was good and there's a nice variety and topping options, tho I wouldn't say exceptional. The rolls however were somewhat flat perhaps because of the blend and warm rice.
The dessert was a winner. The Mochi ice cream is always a favorite. However it might be a good idea to stay away from the dorayaki pancake..! Overall we enjoyed the place!I passed here a few times while heading to work, but never bothered going in until recently. 
   The Ramen Bar looked like it belonged in Old City, and not next to a bike shop. The decor seemed unoriginal and plain typical.
   The front of the house (FOH) felt as if they just started working for the first time. However, they were friendly enough to get a pass. Service was acceptable, albeit rather sluggish (probably because it was a packed house). 
   I had the Shrimp Fried Rice and it was delicious. The plating looked amateurish, but the food had a good balance of texture and ginger zest.
   Not a place I would normally dine, but maybe drop in after a few drinks.This place is a Ramen Philly Gem! Its located in University City and surrounded by campus housing. The restaurant is very clean and original. The ramen is worth two bowls, not because its too small but because its delicious. The service was okay, I would recommend a little bit faster on the feet especially during lunch :-)I searched high and low for ramen shops in Philly, which aren't plentiful.  Having already tried Terakawa on our last visit, I wanted to explore more.  
Thanks to Yelp and its reviewers, Ramen Bar popped up.  The amount of reviews and average star rating were decent, and best of all, the pics looked great.  
ATMOSPHERE:
It's new, clean, contemporary and modern, with a mix of window-side and interior counter seating, the latter with a view of the open kitchen.  Regular tables and a long single bench with opposite-facing chair seating spans the length of the restaurant.  
MENU:
Japanese apps, salads, 8 flavors of ramen including tsukemen with 12 topping options, curry, tempura, rice, donburi, sushi & desserts.  A small, seasonal summer menu was available with 3 cold ramen salads and cocktails. 
FOOD:
Gyoza - The 5 pieces were tiny compared to other shops and weren't seared enough to my liking but, the filling had a really good flavor and married well with the dipping sauce.  If you're a gyoza fan and always have to try them like myself, I say go for it.  It's worth the $6. 
Ebi Tempura - Contrary to the menu description, the homemade dish also included veggie tempura of broccoli, onion, zucchini and pumpkin in addition to the 3 pieces of shrimp.  The batter was light, crunchy, and not oily.  What a steal at $7! 
Shoyu Ramen - The broth in this version and the Chashumen are the same.  It's a mix of tonkotsu & shoyu, which turns the broth a medium brown color.  The flavor was exactly how I had imagined and was excited to try, a creamy-savory mix with a nice medium depth.  The noodles were cooked chewy.  The single piece of charsiu was really tasty and extremely tender... Yes!  It also came with bamboo shoots, sliced ear mushrooms, green onions, fish cake, and oddly red pickled ginger which I immediately removed because the flavor was bleeding into the broth, yuck.  I added a marinated egg which was sliced in half, not too flavorful, and was slightly overdone, borderline hard boiled.  Overall, very much recommended for the shoyu broth fan looking for something different. 
SERVICE:
Initials "CK" was our male server.  He wasn't too smiley and we didn't receive a greeting, just a blank stare.  I don't think he had bad intentions but he's just not the best person to have wait on tables, personality wise.  He did answer my burning question about the shoyu broths though. 
A female sitting at the counter across from us who I thought was another patron working on her laptop, stood up and handed us our beers, then went back to work.  Okay...
At the end of our meal, our server along with another employee were eating at the counter facing the kitchen, and a kitchen worker was eating towards the back of the restaurant.  This is one of my biggest pet peeves so I had to mention it which is so unprofessional.  Thank goodness there were no servers counting their tips in public!?  
On a positive note, they did serve customers who came in near closing time with no attitude. 
OVERALL:
Nice digs, a unique twist on the traditional shoyu broth, good value, oddball service.I've twice eaten at Philadelphia's newest ramen spot, Ramen Bar, on the west end of the Penn campus and both times were fabulous. It is now my favorite ramen spot in Philly. I thought Nom Nom was good, but it doesn't compare to this. Super fresh noodles, marinated chashu pork belly, kikurage mushrooms, menma bamboo, red pickled ginger, sesame, and scallions sit in a pork broth that is slow cooked for 20 hours. Nom Nom gives you three slices of pork, but the one slice of pork at Ramen Bar is about the same amount of meat and is twice as tender and flavorful because of the fat component. It truly is a delicious bowl of ramen. My only "beef" with Ramen Bar is the way they seem to nickel and dime you on every additional ingredient. Most bowls of ramen soup elsewhere include a slice of fish cake. It's 50 cents more here. A shot of spicy sauce is also 50 cents. Nori (seaweed) is also an option. The soft boiled egg for a dollar is reasonable since everyone charges a dollar for the egg, but the other three items should be included in the so-called Tonkatsu as a matter of course. Just how much does fish cake cost anyway? It comes in big sausage-like links for five dollars a pound! A piece of seaweed shouldn't kill their budget, either. Right now, their prices are higher than everyone else's ramen bowls so it would be nice if they gave a little more than less.So let me start by saying that I have eaten here many times and the food is always delivered quick, hot and always exceeds expectations. The problem with this place, as reflected in my three star rating, is the service. The "hostess," who was wearing stretch pants and running shoes, acted like having to seat us was annoying as she slammed down the menus and walked away. Our order was taken quickly by another employee. Im not sure if he was even our server because he never came back, until he circled our table waiting for payment. He started to clear the dishes but then when a credit card appeared, he quickly put them back down on the table in order to take our payment. He never asked how things were, never responded to the small talk we attempted to make with him. We had inquired about ordering drinks but were never given the opportunity because nobody ever came back to our table. There was no management anywhere to be seen. To top off the experience, this same hostess/server had her back to us while she flirted with one of the chefs and didn't even acknowledge that we were leaving. We tried to say thank you, just mainly out of curiosity to see if we warranted a response, but to no surprise were ignored once again.The summer miraculously presented us with a very mild day so it was the perfect opportunity to have some ramen for lunch. 
I settled on the veggie miso ramen and it did disappoint. The veggies were tasty and the broth had the perfect amount of miso flavor (i went with the beef stock). I will say that yes, it was a bit salty but for me, that's just how I like it. The noodles were also perfect. Soft but not mushy. 
All in all, great lunch decision. It was tasty, quick and fresh. I'll definitely be back to try something else!I was craving ramen but my bowl of Tonkotsu Chashumen with egg was not as flavorful as I remembered it. The toppings and pork belly was good as usual but the broth was a little bland compared to my other visits. Ramen is only as good as its broth in my opinion. The Takoyaki here is better than most places since it has a little more squid, a plus. However, we got an order of the tuna stuffed avocado, I don't think I would order that again. It's $9 and it's a ball of half avocado and half tuna fried. There's too much avocado (I'm a huge avocado fan though) making the fried ball have two different independent tastes. We also ordered green tea ice cream and red bean ice cream, neither were creamy both were more icy.
Service was good, they were attentive to my family and refilled our water often. Ambience here is always nice as the place is very modern.Overall 2 stars.. but a few reasons so I'll break it down for you. 
I did give them the opportunity to impress me twice before I reviewed so this is a two visit review.
Food: 3.5-4 stars
I cannot remember the name at the time but my bf and I got the first thing on the menu, and then the other $10 one shoyu I think our first visit. It was pretty good. The first bite was great, delicious and full of flavor. But lacking in something that made me want to finish my meal. 
Yesterday I went back with a group and I got the vegetable miso ramen and the taste was 4 stars for this.. but it may have been affected by the following...(we were starving by the time we got our food)
Service/Wait time - 1 to 2 stars at most
- My bf and I waited for 40 minutes for our food. Come on enow
- Yesterday, a group of 14 of us arrived after making reservations on Thursday night. We arrived and they said they " lost our reservation". Really? Good job guys. So we had to wait. They did seat us and were friendly, but this is where there service is inexperienced. They are NICE, but new.. absolutely new. 6 of us had napkins/chopsticks, the others did not. Another server came over to hand us menus because she noticed we didn't have any. 
After ordering, we waited... ONE HOUR. Yes i said it, ONE FULL HOUR to receive all our food. And they were completely inconsistent. My friend sitting next to me received her food 30 minutes before the last of our group received theirs. I do commend the sever for getting my order correctly because I specifically asked for no pickled onions or fungus and they were not in my order, Thank you. That's why this is a 2 star not 1 star review.
Overall summary? The fried chicken appetizer is dry - don't get it. The ramen is pretty good, honestly quite good. But I would NOT go back for maybe another 6 months to see if their service has improved. The food is good. But the service is completely inexperienced. NICE, but inexperienced. ONE HOUR WAIT + losing reservations + half of us not having utensils + (i forgot to mention they moved us again after we were seated ..)  = they need more time to improve. They have promise, but for now.. I will wait for them to change certain things. If I wasn't with a group, I would have left after 20 minutes.
Tip : they are CASH ONLY right now. Which is a big pet peeve of mine. I know asian restaurants love this shit, but come on its 2012. There are commercials about square card readers. Homeless people can get that stuff. Plus, I know that certain companies only take 2-3% of the profit.. I don't respect businesses as much that value their profit over convenience of their customers. But that's just my personal opinion.In short: Like the food, decor is nice, hate the smell.  The biggest improvement for this place is clean air.  The kitchen is open to the restaurant and the cooking smells permeates everything.  Which would be fine, if they were cooking oranges or potpourri.    For things with oil, not so good.  My clothes smelled like cooking.  
Bottomline: Go for the food.  Wear clothes you don't mind smelling like it.I really like it. Don't have much to compare it with as not much Ramen in area but its only slightly worse than many Ramens I have had in New York. There sushi is more expensive than other options but definitely better quality. Worst things are there cocktails. I found the three I tried undrinkable,Had the Seared Tuna Tataki and it did not disappoint. The tuna was perfect, and along with the avocado and tomato, the salad made for a light and refreshing meal.
Just a small warning: my friend ordered a bowl of ramen and complained that it was only sub-par. However, I recommend the salad for those who want a lighter dinner.Good food + good atmosphere.  I've been here twice, and it's a place I would continue to come to again.
Some people have said the prices are too high, but I think while they may be slightly higher than necessary, it's not enough to deter me from coming back.  They're not outrageous or anything.  I like the quality of the ramen and always feel satisfied when leaving.  I've tried a couple maki/rolls as well which I was pleased with.
Overall, I think this is a solid dinner option if you're in or around University City.We were a party of 7 and were able to find ample seating once we walked into the space. It's a shotgun type layout, with seating on one side and the bar/kitchen on the other side. The space is fairly spacious though there isn't any onsite parking. Would suggest either taking an Uber or driving in early to circle around for street parking. I ended up taking an Uber since it was a rainy evening and didn't have too much time to spare. 
The ramen was pretty savory for the most part. I ordered the Green Curry Ramen. The soup was tasty, though mild for my palate so I had to dress it up a bit with the curry powder, chili oil, and Sriracha. I chose to forgo the fungal additions to the dish and asked mine to be made with the remaining vegetables. 
The order came out as asked and I appreciate that they had a vegan broth option for vegetarians/vegans to also partake in the whole ramen experience.
The service is pretty good. The waitress was attentive and able to help explain parts of the menu that I wasn't familiar with and also offer insight between dishes when I couldn't make a decision. The food came out promptly served at an acceptable temperature to start eating right away. 
This was my first time having this "elevated" ramen experience. I think it was a good start, but would prefer more veggie options and a more spicier take to avoid adding all the additions myself. Overall, I think I would return again to check out the other options and maybe ask to have the dish be prepped at a spicier level.Sometimes Ramen Bar is a great experience.  And sometimes it isn't.  When it is good, it can be a satisfying experience.  The rich broth and the authentic noodles  can be great.  But sometimes the meat served with the soup feels rubbery, as though it has been microwaved one too many times. 
The service also varies dramatically.  most recently we had appetizers on the table at the same time our soup was unceremoniously dumped on the table, not giving us time to finish the appetizers or the server to take the dishes away.  The check came as well with amazing speed, without asking if we were done or if we cared to order anything else.
But, it is one of the few options in the area, and there is always the hope that the next time it will be better, or at least as good as we remembered it was, on the times that it wasn't as bad as it was...Love this place! The spicy miso noodles are the best, very good ramen! Service has always been good too. Definitely recommended.My girlfriend loves ramen bars, so I figured I would take her out to this location to surprise her.  When we first get in, the waitress sits us down in the back and begin to make our orders.  
About 5 minutes in, the manager comes over to tell us that we need to be moved elsewhere because a big party is coming in and we were sitting in the only area that could sit all of them. It would have been nice if the manager had asked, but I figured he must be having a rough day.
At our new seating, we immediately notice that the table was not clean at all (they didn't have time to clean up our new spot?).  We wish to complain about this to our waitress or the manager, but our waitress never returned, it was always another random waitress (Didn't see either the waitress or manager until wayyyyy later).
Food was even that great, so I just asked for the check.  The manager comes with the check and places it in front my girlfriend!  Maybe chivalry is dead, but I assumed that the guy always paid for dates, especially if the guy was the one who asked for the check.  Even if the manager didn't want to assume gender norms, he could have placed the check in the middle table to keep things ambiguous.
After this visit, I must say this will be my first and last visit! 
TLDR - Staff was terrible. Management insulting. Eating conditions were meh.  Would not recommend.Ramen is a good size. The tonkotsu broth is flavorful and spot on. I'm always slurping the soup at the end!In terms of food, the Ramen bar did just fine. I went with a group of friends after heading over to the movies. The main issues came with the service. A group of 8 can be hard to keep track of, but the waitress literally just forgot about my dish. When she came by, we politely asked if my dish was coming, to which she did not reply. She simply looked at us and walked away. When everyone else had finished with their food, mine arrived. The waitress did not apologize, or say anything actually, while she gave me my food and took everyone else's away. 
Additionally, we asked to split the bill between two credit cards. The waitress returned to say she had gotten confused, had not charged enough money to the second card, and now she was short. She probably would not have been short if she had charged the correct amount in the first place and she would have properly received her mandatory 20% tip without further ado. 
I enjoyed my food when it finally came and I'm pretty sure my friends did too. That's why I'm giving this place three stars, but I do think that it's overpriced and the servers need to step up their game and provide adequate service if they are going to mandate a 20% tip.I wanted to try some ramen in UCity, so I gave this a shot. While the ramen was satisfactory (not quite what you'll get in Chinatown), the price was pretty expensive for what it was. The ramen lacked the amount of vegetables I've come to expect, which led to a somewhat boring dish. I probably would've been more satisfied had the ramen been $9/$10 rather than $14. Nevertheless, I was quite satisfied with the service.I decided to try this place, because I have been on the lookout for authentic ramen. I came for lunch right when they opened at 11:30am and had no problem getting a seat, but by noon the place was filled to capacity... Also, parking SUCKS, but if you drive around enough you can find a spot within a few blocks. The location is basically on the university campus, so that explains the lack of parking and the crowds at lunchtime. 
The servers were friendly and nice, the ambiance was welcoming and nice, and the decor was simple but inviting. 
I ordered the takoyaki and the Zenbu ramen. I split the takoyaki with my 2 friends I was dining with but I honestly could have eaten it all myself, it really was that great!!! The Zenbu ramen was delicious, the noodles were authentic and great, and the tonkatsu broth was also delicious. They drizzle garlic oil on the top, which is a nice touch too. 
They got their liquor license, so they now serve beer and sake... 
I would definitely come here more often if it weren't such a hassle to find parking.Had dinner with the family (including 3 teenagers) and we all enjoyed it. Fun menu with lots of options for everyone. Some like spicy, some like veggy, some want pork, some want shrimp. All delicious and reasonably priced. Good apps too - edamame , shrimp shomei, tuna wrapped in avocado, etc. After dinner we walked around the corner to Ben and Jerry's ice cream for dessert.  Efficient and pleasant service. Reservations accepted only for parties of 6 or more.I'm a huge fan of ramen bars and have frequented the best ones in New York (i.e. Ippudo, Momofuku), so if you're like me and love good ramen, I would pass on this subpar restaurant.
I went on the night it first opened. It was just 2 hours into its grand opening, but it had already managed to run out of most of its appetizers - disappointing. The only promising appetizer was the edamame, which is a very hard dish to mess up. But lo and behold, Ramen Bar managed to completely ruin it for me. When it arrived, it smelled funny. Then I took a bite.. it was revolting. It hit me that it smelled and tasted like dirty socks. I've had edamame at countless restaurants over the years, but never had a single place managed to make it with the stench of dirty socks. We immediately asked for it to be taken back. How can you eat something that's so absolutely disgusting? I completely lost my appetite, and believe the restaurant must have some hygiene issues. I've been to hole-in-the-wall, sketchy looking restaurants and ordered edamame, but never had a place ruined the simplest dish you can have.
I had also ordered their featured ramen, which was very bland and not cooked well. The noodles were hard and did not absorb any flavor from the broth, and the toppings did not taste fresh nor complemented the ramen well at all. It was edible, and I would rate it a generous 2 out of 5 stars.
Overall, I had high expectations for this new restaurant but was severely disappointed and felt sick for the rest of the night after the meal. It tries to completely copy the restaurant concepts (and menus) of Ippudo and Momofuku, but failed miserably. They don't use fresh ingredients, the kitchen doesn't seem clean, and although it's the only ramen bar in the vicinity, its quality is so low that I will not be coming back.What is with the huge pieces of chasu? One bite and I felt like I ate a whole pig. And the noodles tasted sort of like wonton noodles. Space and seating was okay. Don't appreciate the workers sitting at dining tables watching TV though.Hands down the best Ramen I have ever eaten.  The food here is amazing!  The noodles are cooked perfectly and the broth has a very flavorful.  I come here weekly now and crave it all of the time.  The staff is very friendly and attentive. I met the owner the other day and was very impressed with how nice and kind he was and his story of how he started the business was very interesting.  I usually order the Tonkotsu Chashumen Ramen bowl.  The vibe is very trendy and energetic.  I will continue to come back here to fulfill my cravings.I dropped by here for lunch (after the normal rush hour), so there wasn't a crowd.  In fact, there was only about 6 of us in the restaurant.  The interior is sleek and modern - not what I was expecting before walking in, so kudos there.  We split the fried octopus balls - be careful, these are HOT so eat slowly.  These were okay - good to try once, but not twice.  I ordered the Zenbu No-se Ramen - the "everything in" bowl.  I don't even know what I ate, but it was good!  All I remember is that the pork was so tender, it melted right in my mouth.  
My only qualm with Ramen Bar is that it's on the pricey side ($15 bucks for the Zenbu, $19 with tax/tip) - definitely not the price range that will allow me to come here on a regular basis for lunch.  Nan Zhou, though it's farther away and doesn't have all the special toppings of Ramen Bar, is a third of the price and just as delicious.Charsu!  This Ramen is so delicious.  My family and I try to go back as often as we can (1-2 times a year when they are in town).A great place for decent ramen in the University City area. I've had a variety of their ramen dishes, and I haven't been disappointed yet. The soup is always very rich in flavor and the umami hits you very nicely. I've also had their takoyaki on numerous occasions and it definitely satisfies my cravings. Another plus is they actually serve alcohol, so it's a nice place to come with a group of friends after a long day.
Their food is very good but one can argue that it's not worth the price. You're mostly paying for the environment/atmosphere which is a little more contemporary than other places. Other than that the place is very clean and the staff is always very friendly and attentive. 
It's not the best place to have ramen in Philly, but it'll do. I would recommend this place to people in the area.The food here is about three stars, but the service is definitely ONE. It takes away from an otherwise decent ramen place. 
The first time I came here, the waiters actually forgot about my table. We were seated, given menus by the host, and then completely forgotten about. No water. Nobody coming by the table. Just... sitting there waiting for fifteen, twenty minutes until the HOST spotted us and came by to get our orders. 
After that, we just waited some more until we grabbed a passing busboy to give us water. When we eventually got our food, the waiter just plunked down the dishes and kept walking, not even asking to make sure it was actually our order -- which, btw, mine wasn't. But at that point we were so hungry we just ate what came. 
The food was pretty good; broth was flavorful and the noodles good and chewy. But the way we were treated took all the enjoyment out of eating it! Nobody came by even after that to check if our food was okay or anything.
After we ate, we decided not to wait for our non-existent waiter to come and get our check, so we just went straight to the host to pay. I tried to explain my food wasn't what I ordered and so I didn't want to pay for the add-ons that I didn't receive. He told me he didn't know how to take things off the check, so could I please just pay the amount and he'd give me more change back? 
Ramen Bar, please get your business together. You could be good, but instead you're just aggravating.They're food is delicious!!!! Seriously, great! The atmosphere is clean and modern. They serve some truly authentic Japanese dishes as well as their great ramen. There are many servers so you never have to wait long for a refill or condiments or anything you need. They're happy hour specials on apps and drinks are very reasonable.Gets the job done.  The tonkotsu chashu ramen is my go to dish here.  The chashu has been not as tender as I remember when it first opened, but it is a solid bowl of ramen nonetheless.
The staff is usually pretty friendly and the ambiance is good.I went to Ramen Bar for the first time on Saturday, Oct 6.  In the 2 weeks since then, I have been back 4 times.  FOUR TIMES.  In TWO WEEKS.  It's that good.
I usually get the first one with the spicy paste and extra mushrooms, it doesn't disappoint.  I have tried the curly noodles - they were good, but I think the pork noodles are better.  Either way.  Get the spicy paste.
Drawbacks include: Not enough vegetables in my soup (or as options) and the pork they add being QUITE fatty at times (although DELICIOUS, so..).  NOT TOO SHABBY!Great place in University City to get your ramen fix. The ambience of place is very nice and clean. Waitstaff is usually very attentive. I've seen this place get pretty packed and randomly empty. Don't get discouraged if there aren't a lot of people. The food and service is always consistent. 
The broth for the ramen is pretty good in my opinion. It's not as heavy or greasy as I've seen other places make it, but it is not the lightest either. It's very savory. Meat portions could be more generous but suffice. They serve the ramen in a large bowl with a cool looking wooden spoon! I've eaten a lot of ramen in LA, and the kind served at Ramen Bar is a bit different. I'm not sure which is more "authentic" but I like the kind served at Ramen Bar. I prefer whichever style is served in LA, but I do not turn down Ramen bar! The noodles are different too. As much as I consumed ramen in my life I feel like I should be able to distinguish ramen noodles better by name, but the kind served in CA is wavy and softer, but the noodles served at Ramen Bar at straight and little firmer. They taste..like nothing. It's the broth that makes the dish.
I've had: 
Tuna stuffed avocado appetizer: $9 for this! It's not enough food! I actually really like this dish. I usually eat it too quickly so I can't comment more on it than that it is true to the description. I just think it's ridiculous that you get so little for $9. I don't think this counted for the half off appetizers happy hour. I may be mistaken though.
Kara Kara Tonkotsu Ramen: my favorite! I usually get this every time. I like my ramen a bit spicier so I have to add the chili oil and red pepper flake mix thingy. They usually serve this with 2-3 slices of meat. 
Green Curry Ramen Chashu/pork: it's a nice twist to traditional ramen. I personally would not order it again bc I am too loyal to kara kara tonkotsu. It's still good though. 
Spicy tuna  Crunchy Avocado Roll: decent. nothing wrong with it. Not overloaded with rice to make the rolls look bigger like other places do. i think it was $7. I feel like I could find this for $5-6 elsewhere. I think only 6 little rolls came out.
I would have given this place 4 stars, but I think it is overpriced for their portions (comparing to ramen servings/prices in LA). ~$10-12 bowl of ramen + tax + tip = $15-17+ for lunch? For a student, that makes it difficult to visit here more often. I've never seen any coupons for this place unfortunately. I think they have Happy hour for half off select appetizers, not sure about the hours. They also serve alcohol, which I can't comment on since I usually don't have any money to spend on drinks since it is spent on the overpriced noodles! However, I still frequent this place because it is convenient and never disappointing. =)The food is good, but a bit overpriced. I went here twice, the first time for a tori donburi and second time for unagi donburi. They were delicious, but I would like a little more for the price of those things. An eatery at a university shouldn't cost that much, students already have difficulties paying their (very VERY expensive) tuition as it is, with little else for food. Also a reason why I do not consider coming back any time soon.This is often a frequent date night spot for my boyfriend and I (he typically orders the chicken miso ramen and I order the veggie shoyu) but we always split a least a few orders of sushi to start. I'm not sure what it is about the sushi, but it's always EXTREMELY fresh and delicious. Seriously, the spicy tuna roll is amazing. I would even venture to say it might be the best I've had in the city. The ramen is amazing as well, but I don't recommend taking it to-go. Also, it doesn't hurt to finish everything off with the green tea ice cream. Overall the service, happy hour specials, and food makes this one of my favorite places!This is my favorite Japanese restaurant in the area. I've been here quite a few times with friends. The service is good, the atmosphere is nice, and the presentation of the food is really great. It does get crowded at times but I've never had to wait. 
I'm personally not a big ramen fan (their Shoyu ramen wasn't bad though) but their other entrees are generally quite good and pretty authentic. The red bean mochi is lovely. Drinks are reasonably priced and the glasses for plum sake in particular are decently sized!
When I have friends visiting this is usually where I take them.I've gone a couple more times since my last visit and all went great. I do have one caveat though: 
DO NOT GO HERE IF YOU HAVE MORE THAN 3 PEOPLE IN YOUR GROUP.
They charge an automatic 20% (!!!!) gratuity if you have a party of 4 or more. FOUR! 6 or 8 I would understand, or a smaller amount, but to charge 20% tip on a BOWL OF RAMEN, which they serve once and never deal with you again, is just absurd. When I asked why it was so high, they said that some people give them 5%, so this makes up for it. I usually tip 15%, so don't punish your good customers for the sake of your bad ones!Nice ramen location located right by Penn's Dental school. Came here around 7pm on a Friday night and it was pretty busy, but we were able to sit at the bar within a few minutes. I got the spicy miso ramen and my sister got the tonkotsu. Both bowls were delicious and hit the spot. Not the best ramen, but pretty darn good for being a random ramen place located outside of Center City.Loved the place. The decor was unique and the food hits the spot. I brought my friends there to try this upscale ramen place and it did not disappoint. Everyone left with a smile because of the good food. 
Only suggestion I have is to expedite the service a little bit and have credit card as a payment option.I wanted to be adventurous and try something new . So my boyfriend and I decided to try this place out . We both had ramen with a sushi roll on the side . I have a particular taste cause I love spicy food , so I had the Spicy Miso Ramen and my boyfriend had the Zenbu No-Se ramen along with a spider sushi roll . All I can say is that my taste buds were happy ! I love the texture of their ramen compared to instant ramen . It was soft and fulfilling . To the drinks , I wish they had more selections on cocktails . I had the lychee mojito and it was good and refreshing ! I would definitely come back and try other Ramen bowls !The food their is amazing. I know ramen originally is made with pork and some do with chicken. Wish that they could make it with beef which for me is a winner.
I would recommend their food to everyone and I would always tell them keep up the good work. Everything is made fresh and you can taste it. Especially their tuna.Always a reliable spot. The Ramens are super tasty and the sushi is extensive and delicate. The wooden spoons are a nice touch.
It's hard to go wrong except the music they play is awful. Pop hits terrible enough to keep you out the door.I came in with a party of 6 and was immediately seated. This place has a great atmosphere. There's a bar to the side and seating throughout. The kitchen is open so you can see the chefs prep. 
The ramen is pretty decent. The Kara Kara is my go to. It has a pork broth base with some spice. Very tasty. I recommend spending the extra dollar and order the ramen with an egg. Came in a little after happy hour ended (6:30p) so missed out on some discounted drinks and apps. Still ended up getting the takoyaki, which has a fried dough texture with pieces of octopus inside. Standard takoyaki, nothing really special. 
All in all, food is ok, wouldn't say it's the best, but the atmosphere really makes it worth while.I don't know about this place anymore. I used to like it until the they charged me more money for the same thing i've eaten many times. The food here is already over priced. I ordered a ramen and swapped two veggies for two different veggies and the chef working that night told the waitress to charged me for it. They never charged extra for swapping stuff before and I was annoyed and wondered who the chef was so I could not show up on the days he works. Also after being charged extra for nothing, my soup wasn't even good and barely had any of the new stuff i asked for in it. Bland. Not good. Pricey. Barely any service from waitress.Came here for dinner with a friend and ordered the vegan miso ramen. The ramen was good but nothing extraordinary. I was expecting more vegetables but instead got mostly noodles. Since we didn't order any appetizers, I could only speak of the ramen. If I come again, I'll try the appetizers and will recommend coming for the happy hour appetizer special.Snuck in around 7 pm right before the line started getting long. Ordered the tonkotsu which has a really flavorful broth, but the meat was lacking in flavor and just felt overly chewy. 
However this places does get full marks for atmosphere. Sleek, modern and minimalist. Great place for warming up after a cold day out. For Philadelphia it's pretty decent ramen, but nothing close to authentic.I'm always on the prowl for something new. It was my birthday and my choice for where to go to lunch with my staff. With rain in the forecast, I wanted to keep it close. I also wanted a place that was not too controversial, for both the vegetarians and pickier eaters. On my way to work, I pulled out my iPhone and started up the Yelp app. I went through pages of options and Ramen Bar seemed to be the most interesting of my options.
As lunch rolled around, we ventured over to Ramen Bar. I got the Tonkotsu Chashumen, a ramen noodle soup with Pork medallions and lots of seasoning and relishes. It was awesome. So tasty. My first experience with Ramen, other than Top Ramen, was a good one. I want more, and I want to go to more places. My thirst has been moistened.
My coworkers got an array of things as well. They all liked what they got. Good spot. I certainly recommend it.I've been here many times over the years. It's a nice "go-to" spot in University City. The restaurant is a cool little, dimly lit place with a chic design. They have happy hour specials and a nice cozy bar for drinking and eating near nice big windows. I like their ramen...I've tried many, but after seeing a movie with my 12-twelve-year-old, at very nearby University 6, we stopped in here for one thing only (which is a common thing we do). We ordered 4 orders of the RB burger (which are bao buns..2 in an order). We always order pork and we chow them down. So good. Tonight we also ordered hamachi carpaccio which is raw salmon with jalapeño pepper. This is a trustworthy spot for decent cocktails, good happy hour, good sushi and of course delicious bao buns. Check it out.For a place frequented by so many University City students, the ramen here is surprisingly mediocre. Compared to other ramen options in the city, such as Terakawa or Hiro, the broth tends to be a bit greasy and thin on real pork flavor. The Miso is overly heavy on butter, and you can often see small slices of not-yet-melted butter on your Miso noodles right when they bring it out. If you're lucky, you can scoop it off before it melds into the broth. The noodles themselves are decent, and are consistently cooked to the chewy texture ramen lovers have come to expect, and the toppings are fresh and usually generous. However, the broth--which is the key to a good ramen--leaves something to be desired. In particular, the Miso broth usually tastes watery and not very miso-y. For the price (on average $2-3 more expensive than comparable ramen places in the city), I really expect better.
The appetizer and side offerings are also unremarkable. The tako-yaki is mostly dough with very little actual octopus, and the fried gyoza (dumplings) taste frozen. The fried ice cream sounds exciting, but the last time I tried it the dough was more than half an inch thick. Not exactly satisfying.
Although conveniently located, trendy, and pleasant for an informal lunch, the food at Ramen Bar is decidedly mediocre. For good ramen, there are many better options in Philadelphia.Ramen bar is the place to go if you're looking for something warm and satisfying! I always get the spicy miso ramen with wavy noodles because it's salty and savory, which is exactly what I crave on a cold day. There are tender pieces of pork in the soup and you can get additional add ons such as a spiced egg, fishcakes, extra meat, extra noodles, etc., as well. If someone in your party is not a ramen fan, they also have extensive sushi/katsu options on their menu!I don't have any complains about the food here but the level and speed of service is horrendous, especially if you're in a group of 4 or more. The last time I was here at noon, my table of 4 did not get our ramen till 1.05pm and the service staff was not friendly/nice about the delay either. Today, there are other tables that got their ramen before our table of 6 did and my friend who had a similar prior experience was told that the chef deprioritizes orders from larger tables. That sucks!I come here all the time, and today has been a MESS!!!! #1 the waitress didn't know the menu, and had a terrible attitude. She argued with me when I said I didn't want egg on my ramen.... then she checked the menu and was like "oh you're right." Then it got worse... my tuna stuffed avocado, my favorite dish by the way, wasn't prepared properly, then when they bought it back out they had put it in the microwave and fully cooked what was supposed to be RAW tuna. The last straw was being told that what is clearly octopus was actually a squid. I am a culinary student, own a catering company and frequent this restaurant often. They won't see me again. Terrible service terrible quality! Hopefully the new Drexel location is much better.Had the best ramen of my life here.  Also the tuna roll is very respectable.  Will definitely be going back.  The place is small and the service is very friendly. You won't be sorry. Give this place a try.Food was good, service was very quick and staff were friendly.  The atmosphere was modern and minimalistic.If Ramen was crack I'd be here everyday! Godzilla roll rules!!! And it's only Wednesday #entrepreneurdreamGiven that Ramen Bar was featured in the weekly Yelp, I was disappointed by the ramen here. On the plus side, the pork was tender and flavorful. However, the noodles were thin and hardly cooked, the broth was over-salted, and there were hardly any fresh veggies or colors, giving the ramen bowl an unappetizing monochromatic brownish tint. And what's up with charging extra for an egg, which should be a standard item?
Even though it's not specifically a ramen place, Nan Zhou Hand-drawn Noodle House blows this place out of the water. Terakawa Ramen is also better (both in Chinatown).We came for round 2 during week 1 and unfortunately were met with a subpar quality of pork, ramen noodles and service. I imagine that there have been some growing pains and a steep learning curve for the staff here, but I was hoping that they would have improved from opening night.
We got the agedashi tofu and the takoyaki appetizers, and the spicy miso ramen and the kara kara tonkatsu ramen.
the tofu was probably the best thing of the meal. Both ramen broths were very salty and the pork was unexpectedly tough - not the soft, melt in our mouth goodness that we experienced the first night. 
overall, it was quite disappointing.Awful experience!
Went with my family and we are Japanese- were hoping this might be one of the few authentic places to get ramen. 
Takoyaki had 2 small pieces of octopus and the rest was a giant ball of dough. The Kara-age did not taste like soy sauce or ginger and was not good overall (I rarely ever send back food but wasn't going to pay for something that wasn't at all as advertised -- and just not good). Ramen was decent but overall disappointing. Selection was limited as they only had 1 type of broth- pork bone. 
Areas that are total rip-offs: for spicy miso ramen they charge an extra dollar for some spicy paste. (Wish they told us that so I would have just ask for sriracha instead). They charge a 20% gratuity for parties of 4 or more- have NEVER been to a place that charges that much for such a small party.
Service- not very attentive even though there were no other tables seated, the server had a major attitude when someone at my table questioned her about an incorrect price on the bill- she said "ma'am, do you want me to bring out the menu and show you the price?!" As a former server- service was not even worth 10% never mind the 20% we had to pay. Would have complained but just wanted to get out of there and not have to keep dealing with the wait staff.
Overall- never going back.I was neither impressed or disappointed by Ramen Bar, the new West Philadelphia ramen joint that opened to much anticipation the other week.  This was our second attempt at eating here; the first attempt we were turned away because the restaurant had ran out of food.  There's no doubt that it's a gorgeous space that is open and airy, and the ramen is actually pretty good.  However our appetizer was uninspired, the food is overpriced, and the service needs a bit of fine tuning.
The BF and I started with the Takoyaki, something I imagine Guy Fieri would create if he was given the opportunity to make Japanese food.  Deep fried octopus cakes in a way too sweet barbecue sauce (reminiscent of what one might eat with McDonald's chicken nuggets, as the BF noted) with flimsy, salty bonito flakes and some other tan colored sauce (Spicy mayo maybe?).  It  wasn't very good to say the least.  For dinner, I ordered the Kara Kara Tonkutso Ramen.  Described as a spicy ramen, I was disappointed that the broth wasn't spicer.  Only after adding red pepper and sesame oil did I get the right heat.  Aside from that, the rest of the soup was very good.  The pork was tender and juicy, the noodles chewy and soft (maybe could have been a little thinner), and the hard boiled egg was pure perfection.
But while I found the ramen to be pretty good, it was the little details that kept throwing me off.  Our server was clearly new: even though we had ordered appetizers she asked us if we wanted to order them; when she came to check on us, she asked us if we had a problem with the food; and when I took a break midway through my meal, she asked if I was done with dinner.  I also found the spoons served with the ramen to be cute, but impractical.
However, my biggest complaint is the price.  It's really too expensive.  I've accepted paying $10 or more for a bowl of ramen, but I don't understand why some of the standard components of the dish (including the egg, pork, and fish cake) are not included in the dish.  It felt wrong to have to order those items separately, and to be honest, every other ramen joint I've been to includes those types of items in the dish.  It just seems unfair.  I don't know if it's an issue of rent, the quality of ingredients (it's not, as evidenced by witnessing the chef loading in frozen pre-made shrimp shumai from a bag into the kitchen), or the way thing are done here, but it's just not right in my opinion.
Overall, the decor and atmosphere is beautiful and the ramen is good, but high prices, poor service, and otherwise uninspiring food will probably not make this one of our regular hangouts.  Also, at 25 and 26, we felt among the oldest people in the entire joint.My go-to place if I crave ramen in Philadelphia. A bowl runs around $10-12. The broth is pretty good, not too salty, but not complex enough. I like all of their ramen options. However, I recommend asking for extra meat because they usually only give you 2 slices.To start off my curiosity, I had been watching a PBS series called The Mind of a Chef.  Anthony Bourdain narrates the journey of Chef David Chang and how he is so innovative with food.  The series is on Netflix and there is one episode called "NOODLES".   I probably would not have noticed this place if I had not been watching that show, but it just kind of popped up on my radar. I didn't know that Ramen was anything more than the stiff little squares you find in the grocery store. It was fun to experience and I will definitely go back next time I am in Philly. After watching the show all about different Asian inspirations on the ramen noodle, I had to try this place.  I had the ramen with pork ($10.00) and my daughter had the Chicken Miso.($12.00)  We also shared the "Eye of the Tiger" sushi roll ($12.00).  WOW! Everything was great!  I had plenty of noodles, meat,mushrooms, and other chopped up foods to eat. My daughter could not finish her ramen bowl( and thus disgraced our family), so  our waitress was kind enough to put her leftovers in a to go box.   The atmosphere was upbeat, trendy, and you can watch the chefs preparing food at the bar/counter.Popped in here randomly while looking a place to have dinner. Music creates a great ambiance. The sushi was delicious. Ordered the Tori Tetiyaki for my entree and it was a little heavy on the salt but delicious none the less. The real treat was the delicious deep fried green tea ice cream. What a wonderful way to end dinner!I was craving sushi in the neighborhood so I came to Ramen Bar. Given the name,  I should have known that the sushi wouldn't be their strong suit, but if you have realistic expectations, it will satisfy a craving without breaking the bank. 
The fish is fresh and I give it a 3.5/5 stars for quality. The fat salmon roll was the standout, but none of the rolls come close to the originality or flavor of sushi I have had at standouts in Philly, like Fat Salmon and Raw.
Quick and friendly service; I'll be back to try other menu items!Wow. Where do I begin? Things started off fine. I came here for happy hour. The rum and coke tasted great. I order appetizers right away because I got there at 6 and the happy hour is only until 6:30pm. 
My friend arrived and we sat and ate appetizers and then... a roach just decided to join us for dinner. Not my first time seeing a ROACH, but I shrieked because who expects that at a restaurant!? The waiter happened to be standing there and witnessed it crawl up my friend's cellphone. Did he do anything? No, just watched it crawl away. Either way, he looked like he wasn't a fan of roaches either, which is maybe why he just stood there. 
Being that this is an eating establishment, I could have really freaked out, but I kept cool and just decided I should let their management know about this. I flagged down another server to ask for a manager. He told me there was NO MANAGER on staff that night. (Scratching my head at that moment because I always was under the impression that restaurants operated with a shift manager at the very least). Anyway, I was lowkey about telling him, but his reaction about the roach was very blase. "They just come in from outside because of the heat, we spray, that's all we can do is spray for them." I just nodded, but the more I sat there and the more it all marinated, the more I thought about how that explanation was really not enough. He might as well have said they named the roaches and they are Ramen Bar pets. It was a real blase reaction, and he almost seemed irritated that I'd even tell him about it.
Add to that, the tempura was just OK. The dumplings were just OK. The best thing was the Korean fried chicken but that was about the time of the arrival of the roach. By the way, they had us pay full price for our appetizers and drinks. Not coming back here.
UPDATE: The manager who I spoke with the next day was very gracious and offered to help rectify the issue. She said she would speak to the waiter, and said that she would not have know about my experience had I not said anything. She was very kind and actually seemed to be genuinely apologetic. So there was a good outcome after all of this.If only Ramen Bar had existed when I lived in University City! I adore its Veggie Miso Ramen--I just like the vegetables that are offered, even though I always get the pork-based broth. This trip, I was intrigued by the menu's new tom yum ramen, styled after Thai tom yum soup. Next time I'm definitely trying it and an egg, as I've yet to judge Ramen Bar on its marinated egg.
The staff is lovely: friendly and quick. You might recognize the ramen chef from the ramen shop that inhabited the spot now Terakawa Ramen.The prices here are unbelievable for your average ramen place. The happy hour specials on appetizers are good, most small dishes are reduced to $4. But for example, a bowl of fish on rice is 20 bucks here... maybe they're just trying to compensate for being in a relatively unfavorable spot in West Philly, but this is a classic example of a place that I'd usually avoid because the cost does not match up to the quality. Not to mention, they clean the tables with a really strong cleaner. Maybe it'd be ok to smell like lemon Lysol at home, but not where I want to eat.My review of the Ramen Bar is EXTREMELY POOR!!
After waiting for the ramen to come out for about 30 minutes, i asked my waitress if the food my wife and i ordered takes longer than usual, she told me she didn't know and then walked away. 5 minutes later, seeing 6 tables that have seated after us got their food, I asked her if she had forgotten to put my order in and she told me she had "forgotten" to put my order in and that she would put it in now.... and then walked away.    
So about 40 minutes on waiting for an appetizer, a bowl of Ramen and other dish, our food was NEVER ordered and apparently no one at the restaurant thought someone should have appologized for what had happened.
I called the waitress and asked if there is a manager on duty and she told me "there isn't anyone here you can talk to right now" and walked away. I WAS PRETTY MAD. 
When I insisted on talking to someone in charge, becasue the waitress was keep telling me "there isn't anything she could do or to call", she got me this asian lady and she wasn't even wearing a uniform and she was in hurry to go somewhere.
So when I was "TRYING" to tell this asian lady what had just happened, she simply told me we will get the food out soon and they would give us 20% off on the tab... 
AT THIS POINT I WAS FURIOUS.
She treated me like i was putting on this "show" to get the food cheap or something cause instead of listening to what I had to say, she just heard what she wanted to hear and just walked away like how waitress had treated us.
When my wife and I got up to walk out, that's when our appetizer comes out... they are such a great establishment.
I WOULD NEVER GO BACK TO THIS ESTABLISHMENT AS LONG AS THERE ARE OTHER RESTAURANTS AROUND... ANY RESTAURANT.This is such a great addition to the University City neighborhood. The ramen here is great. The noodles have a nice chewy consistency, while the pork is both chewy and soft. I usually get the Tonkatsu Chashumen with a marinated, boiled egg and it hits all the right notes, especially on a cold winter day. The broth is salty and layered with pork flavor, the pork has a nice layer of fat running through it, and the noodles have the strength to stand up to the hearty soup. The Kara Kara ramen is also good, with a spicier, nutty broth and ground pork meat mixed in. If you're with a group, you should also try the RB Burger that reminds me of a meatier, porky version of peking duck, or the tempura appetizer that has a light tempura coating.
The service here is uber attentive. When you walk in the door, there is already someone to greet you, and I have never had to wait more than a few minutes for a table, even on a Saturday night. My water glass was filled multiple times throughout the meal, and the staff seemed very knowledgeable about the dishes being served.
The ambience is casually elegant. The ceiling has exposed pipes/vents, and there's lots of wood used throughout the long and narrow restaurant. There's also an open, stainless steel kitchen where you can see your ramen being prepared and assembled.
Overall, this is a great place to come with a group or even by yourself. The food is great, but be warned that it's not super cheap. A bowl of ramen will run you about $12, but worth the price tag when you want to warm up with a good bowl of noodle soup.My boyfriend and I ended up here on Saturday night for a late dinner. We wanted to find some spot close to his apartment, so this fit the bill. We liked it here. The atmosphere was excellent, the waitstaff was very attentive and nice and the soup was good. Bonus points if you're vegetarian or vegan - the waitress asked me if I would like the vegan broth, because otherwise it would have been pork. I don't eat pork, so this was great. We'll definitely be back.I've been here so many times but I would only recommend coming here for happy hour. I love coming here for happy hour during the week and ordering only their drinks and appetizers. My all time favorites are their Takoyaki, RB burger chashu, and the gyoza. For drinks, I highly recommend the mango tango, pomelicious, and lychee- tini. 
I have also ordered their ramen several times and often ordered the shoyu and the miso ramen. Each time I feel quite disappointed because their broth lacks in flavor or it is overly salty. Overall, I would come here again but only for their appetizers.This ramen hits the spot! The tonkatsu and spicy tonkatsu are both good options. For some reason, this place only serves alcohol some nights? I can't figure out the pattern of when they do or do not serve alcohol, but plan on not.Very Good.  
I went here on a Saturday night with two friends.  It was busy but not so crowded that you couldn't sit and eat comfortably.  The service was friendly, nice and efficient.  One friend had Shoyu Ramen and my other friend and I both had Tonkotsu Chashumen and we shared an order of Takoyaki and finished with a shared bowl of Green Tea Ice Cream.  Everything was delicious and according to my Japanese friend who was with us....pretty authentic except she would have preferred it a little hotter (temperature).
The portions are good so while we thought we would have to kae-dama () (ask for a noodle refill)...we were all pretty full a minute or two after finishing our bowls.  There was barely enough room left for the ice cream..but we found some.  BTW, I believe the refill is only $2-3, so if you have room left....go for it.  The prices are good and it's a welcome new addition to the Philly food scene.  Now if we could only get a few of these in center city.
I will definitely go back.Have been to ramen bar 10+ times. Can get quite packed and making reservations is a good idea, especially for large groups. Prices are a little high. 
Ramen is expensive for what you get, and frankly, was somewhat flavorless to me. I was not impressed by the chicken ramen, and my go-to is either the Miso or the Tonkotsu. These are alright, but lacking toppings compared to other places I've gone to in NYC/NJ. I keep coming back and keep getting disappointed. 
The appetizers are where it's at though. During happy hour, they're all basically three dollars. I cannot recommend the buns and the chicken karaage. The chicken is literally so delicious - moist on the inside, crispy, and perfectly seasoned. The lemon makes it even more wonderful. A must get. 
I have tried some of the other stuff on the menu as well. I was very disappointed by the curry chicken katsu; the curry was lacking in flavor and the chicken just wasn't good. The unagi rice bowl was DELICIOUS, though a bit expensive. Have not tried the sushi. 
The vibe is super hip and trendy, and definitely a little bougie. It's really nice to go to as a one-on-one date! 
tl;dr - go for the appetizers (chicken karaage) during happy hour, skip the underwhelming ramen, enjoy the vibe for the somewhat higher price tag.By far one of the worst ramen joints I've ever been to. Noodles felt like they were raw and doughy, chashu had a funky taste. Soup was okay.Nice place. Off the beaten path a bit. I don't eat pork so the chicken ramen bowl was what I ordered. It was tasty and filling! Good flavor!It's about 30 degrees, and all I want is soup!
This place is a nice addition to the area, and I was hoping it would help warm me up with their authentic take on ramen. I ordered the Kara Kara Tonkatsu Ramen because it was in a spicy broth, and I added an extra egg and more pork. (This girl was hungry!).
And then we waited. And waited. Certainly not as fast as getting served pho, but hoping it was worth it! At first sip, I loved the broth. We were given a few bottles of different spices: Shichimi togarashi (red pepper mix), hot sesame oil, and fine ground pepper. You'll need to ask for Sriracha, and please do! I love the taste of sriracha on anything, and it definitely added an extra kick to the ramen. Quite tasty, and the wooden spoon didn't make it too difficult to enjoy.
Decor is simple, service was nice, and you can tell that the focus is definitely on the food. I just didn't like the wait!Ramen was good. The dishes were small. I need to order at least two ramen or one ramen + sushi roll for a lunch.Alright,
Just so you don't think I'm trying to be flaky here, I'm increasing my review one more time. We recently came back for another try. I was worried it was too early, but the option of a hot bowl of ramen on a cold afternoon was just too enticing to turn down.
We came back again, and boy were we happy we did this time!
The RB burger appetizer was GREAT! The bun was light, soft, slightly sweet, just how I like it - and the pork was juicy and soft - the way it should be - and as if the sauce inside the bun wasn't already good enough, there was a wasabi sauce on the plate that added another level of complexity and surprise for the dish. 5/5. MUST TRY.
The tori kara-age (fried chicken appetizer) - well, it was okay. It didn't help that we got this after the RB burger. Actually, this came out even after our ramen came out. That was interesting. Anyway, the breading was thin, which I did like, but the flavoring/sauce - well, it had a bit of spicy/sweetness, and it just didn't really do it for me. 2.5/5
We got the shoyu ramen and shoyu chashumen. Looking at each bowl side by side, it was hard to tell exactly which one was which, but the soup broth was distinctly different. Again, the shoyu ramen was cleaner tasting, and surprisingly oilier than I remember. The ramen noodles were perfectly prepared this time - not too hard, not too soft, just chewy and right. My wife and I agreed that the shoyu ramen was the favorite between the 2, and I'd say that I'd rate the shoyu ramen a 5/5 (again), and the shoyu chashumen a close 4.5/5 - simply because I like the broth of the shoyu ramen more.  But hey, if you like miso, then you might appreciate the chashumen more.
Next time, I'll try the Tonkotsu Ramen - that is, if I can resist the urge to get the shoyu ramen.I am mystified as to how this place only has 3 1/2 stars.  This is one of the best noodle houses I have ever been to.  I had the Miso Ramen, and the broth was complex, salty, and delicious.  Definitely get extra pork, as it is marinated to perfection.So delicious. 
Their ramen can not be beat on a cold night. So flavorful, fresh veggies, adding meat or noodles is cheap and quick. Great. 
The sushi is new and doesn't have a huge selection, but as an appetizer to your ramen it is perfect. 
Service is excellent, staff is friendly and quick! 
Drinks are a touch expensive but not crazy and the bar is well stocked.