Rangoon is a pretty good Burmese restaurant in Chinatown that I go to for lunch a lot because it is near work. When people ask me what "Burmese" cuisine is like, I say it's kind  of like a mix between Chinese and Thai. They have a great lunch special menu for around $7 that includes an soup or a salad, steamed or fried rice, and a main dish. I usually go for the Coconut Chicken Curry because it is creamy and has a yummy taste - very comforting - but today I switched it up and got the Chicken Basil which was also quite good and had a nice little kick to it. The service is usually pretty speedy, too, which helps when you need to be in and out in an hour. Overall, a solid little place.Rangoon makes me happy.  It is one of the few restaurants where I have never gotten a bad meal or even a mediocre one.  I don't think they have off nights in their kitchen.  The food is delicious and the staff is lovely.   They will accommodate special requests and adjust spice levels to your taste.  The spring ginger salad is the bomb!  This is my favorite comfort food and I am always sated.  I highly recommend the thousand layer bread with vantana bean and the coconut tofu is delicious.   I have introduced a lot of people to Rangoon and no one has even been disappointed.  Give it a try.I just tried Rangoon for the first time ever - and all I can say is, why have I not been here before?
My partner and I shared the Burmese crispy tofu, which was no ordinary tofu triangle. A thin, crispy crust with tons of flavor revealed an almost creamy tofu inside - and the sauce was no generic "orange fried appetizer sauce." It was full of flavor and delicious.
For entree, I got the spicy green beans with tofu - so good!!! Tons of fresh garlic and watch out for the sliced green and orange chili peppers, because they're in there. The sauce was super flavorful, and the green beans were sauted just right. The bowl of rice on the side was generous, and the rice was fluffy.
My partner got the curry chicken with coconut rice. After being initially surprised that the chicken wasn't in the uniformish cuts that it is in many run of the mill restaurants, she let me know that it was super tender and the flavors in the sauce were perfect. I don't eat meat so couldn't try it, but I did try her coconut rice and it was yummy.
I got a cup of jasmine tea for a dollar and loved it. Not bitter but warming and perfect on a cold day.
I definitely have a new favorite restaurant. The portions were great - we both cleaned our plates (though left rice behind). Not too much, not too little. Everything had tons of flavor, nothing tasted diluted by sugary sauces. Everyone was kind and I can't wait to go back!I love their grilled fish with red pepper, it tastes like Chinese food to some extent. The dessert is also good. A nice experience to have Burmese food which I was always curious about before!Had really nice flavors .But took way too long for the food to come.Terrible service.
Loved the calamari salad. Ordered seconds and they had forgotten the lemon. No one to ask as they were terribly understaffed.This place has some of the best food in the city- A MUST if you are in Chinatown... The service is great- the restuarant is very clean and well-taken care of, and they serve beer.  It's the food, however, that will keep you coming back for more.  My favorites are the thousand layer bread with vatana dip, the chili chicken, and the shan rice noodles.  They also do killer curries that I highly recommend.  We eat here (or get takeout) at least weekly.My dad and I came to Rangoon for dinner before an Eagles game. It hit a lot of things on my checklist - a varied menu appealing to meat eaters and vegans alike, close to public transport for the game, and a type of cuisine my dad would be unable to try otherwise. 
The place was pretty crowded on a Sunday evening, and it took a little while for someone to take our order. However, once the food came, it was phenomenal. We started with the spring rolls, which were crispy and light, filled with veggies and tofu. There are a ton of vegan entree options, and I decided on the monsoon vegetables, which were really flavorful and well-cooked. However, I would have liked it to be a little spicier - the menu noted that this was a spicy dish, but even my sometimes sensitive tongue found this to be 100% mild. 
My only complaint about the food is that the portions could be bigger for the price (especially a dish that is entirely vegetables), but you leave the restaurant feeling satisfied. 
I'd definitely come back to Rangoon, or recommend it to friends.It's been over a week since I went to Rangoon and I find myself still savoring the memories of the deliciousness we had on that Saturday afternoon.  
This is my 1st time trying Burmese food and I wasn't sure what to expect, so we ordered the classic dishes: Asian tea leaf salad, thousand layer bread, festival fish soup, and jungle beef. The flavors are similar to Malaysian / Thai / Vietnamese.  There was a nutty, crunchy goodness to the Asian tea leaf salad that I couldn't quite pin point and it was uniquely Burmese though you must be okay with the idea of chewing a bit of tea leaf to enjoy this (it also contains peanuts and sesame).  None of the other dishes were overwhelming, everything was nicely balanced.  
The staff were pleasant and efficient.  It's a big restaurant capable of handling large parties and they also had several tables for 2 (which is a plus).  We went before the dinner rush and had a very good meal.  I would definitely stop by again when I'm in Philly.I stopped by Rangoon on a recent work trip. I was dull and ordered the tea leaf salad and thousand layer bread based on reviews. The thousand layer bread is basically the Burmese version of roti canai, but made with coconut milk.  It was good, though a tad pricey compared to what I'm used to with roti canai.  The tea salad was a tad bland (though not bitter) and a few of the split peas were as hard as rocks. They seem a bit stingy on the tea leaves in contrast to some of the Bay Area restaurants. If I end up in this area again I would try some other dishes given the less interesting options in the neighborhood.JUNGLE CHICKEN, 1000 LAYER BREAD AND A BEER. Very little to compare to, bread was good and food was filling, but I have never had Burmese food before... someone had to show me on Google Maps where Burma was.
Overall the food was great, but at $30 for one dinner (appetizer, dish and beer) - yikes.Never had a bad meal here.  My favorite is the spicy green beans with tofu.  Of course the thousand layer bread is a must to start. Highly recommendFantastic. The first time I have had burmese food and was incredibly pleased. I got the Mandalay Nungyi noodles which, to my suprise, was a cold noodle dish with fried onions and chicken with fresh red onions and cilantro in some sort of orange sauce. Everything was balanced and perfectly seasoned. For 8 bucks I couldn't go wrong. I will be back.good taste, sth special.
Try banana leaf fishOnce you get past the hole-in-the-wall external appearance, you would realize how pretty the restaurant is inside.
My friend and I went here and ordered the set meal from their lunch menu. 
She had the salad. Which was great with the sesame seed dressing.
I had the soup which is okay but pretty much what my mom makes at home.
For appetizers, we shared an order of THousand Layer Bread with Chicken Curry Sauce, which is really really good.
I had the Coconut Curry Chicken for my entree. I liked the sauce and rice ratio.
My friend ordered the Mango Something Pork which was good but had no mango in sight or taste.
The price was nice, coming out to be 12 dollars per person.This is still one of the greatest restaurants in Philadelphia. I hadn't been in 25 years and used to live here and came back for a short trip. The food is so original and delicious!We really liked Rangoon and we want to thank those of you with suggestions here on what to order. We ordered
1.The Jungle Chicken
2. Asian tea leaf salad
3. Rangoon house noodles
4.thousand layer bread and curry potato dip
5.coconut rice
Our friend who is a Burmese food virgin  ordered the crab dumplings and some other dish that we did not try.
We ordered these based on the reviews so thanks!
We are writing this review for those of you who like to try Burmese in different cities. We have had Burmese in NYC for years.
Both at Village Mingala now closed and also Cafe Mingala which is still open. We have also been to Mynamar in Falls church Va. We want to go back before we review that one but did upload the only photo there.
I want to address a few of the reviews saying Rangoon was better than the Burmese we had here.
 I would not give it a blanket statement saying it is better. But I would say that the menu at Rangoon was so full and their selection was far greater than any Burmese place we have been to. It is also light years cleaner than any place in NY for Burmese. Although our Burmese restaurants are not in China town I wanted to also point out that Rangoon was much cleaner than any restaurant in any one of our four China towns here in NYC. Some of the menu items were better than here and visa versa. We will go back for sure when in Philly again. However I would not drive 2 hours to Philly just to go.
 We will however drive 5 hours to Falls church VA. to go to their Burmese place because it was much more flavorful than any we have been to but their menu is very limited.
Rangoon's strongest pluses were the variety in the menu and clean restaurant and very considerate service.
The Jungle chicken was great. None of the other Burmese places we have been to have anything like it as far as I know. For those who have not tried it it is a chicken dish with green curry but the predominant flavor is lime. It is really delicious.
The Asian tea salad was not as good as the salads we have here at our Burmese place because it did not have that special zing it was missing the citrus, could not even find the tea leaves and it had too many peanuts. It was more like a Thai salad than Burmese.
The coconut rice was almost a tie it was great but still not quite as coconuty as the coconut rice here in NYC and as you see in our review of Village Mingala the rice is  the only thing we mention.
The thousand  layer bread was good. At the other Burmese places we have been they have thousand layer "pancake" which is much thicker and more caloric so I liked the one at Rangoon because it was light almost like an Indian naan.
 We loved the Jungle chicken but the highlight of the meal was probably the potato curry dip that came with the thousand layer bread. It was much more flavorful than the curry dip we have tried here! The seasoning was distinctly Burmese.
The Rangoon house noodles were okay but much better in Falls church Va at Mynamar.
All in all it was great meal. I would suggest Rangoon to anyone! They are a great place to try Burmese if you never had it and if you have like us the variety is so great that you could go back many times and not try everything on the menu.I have dreams about the Crispy Watercress Salad.  YUM.First time having Burmese food.  If you haven't had it, think thai/indian/chinese fusion and you'd be close.  The coconut galanga soup was outstanding.   I tried the thousand layer bread with ootato curry sauce.  It's clearly where the phrase 'hot mess' came from!  If you haver ever had Ethiopian food, this bread is a crispier version of that.  I finished off my meal with th mint beef kabob.  Very spicy, but I like it like that.  Solid lunch choice for something different.   Next time I'll try the specials!Three words: Thousand layer bread
Be sure that your appetizer is The thousand layer bread its delicious! They have three different ones to choose from but definitely get the Curry potato. Who knew a dish so simple could be something so delicious. Its just a bread almost like a toasted tortilla that has a buttery taste that you rip up with every bite. You simply take the bread and dip it into the sauce of your choosing or eat it like a burrito. 
This place is very small but it has a lot of heart and you are immediately greeted the moment you walk into the door. Another plus? The service is fast, just as quick as they seat you, you'll be ready to pay for the bill. And nowadays who wants to break their pocket? You definitely won't be doing that at Rangoon. The prices are reasonable and the serving sizes are spot on.Anyone who's remotely close to me will know that I adore Indian and Thai... so imagine my delight in discovering Burmese.  Sadly, Rangoon is far--119 miles to be exact.  Thus, keep in mind that it has been a while since I've been there.
What I remember is their Thousand Layer Bread.  Looking at what the other reviewers have to say about it, I'd agree with them.  I don't guarantee many things to others for fear they'd bet on it, but I'd bet you'd like this.  It's flaky, pastry-like bread that you use to scoop up your choice dip... and the sauce is wonderfully flavorful.  I don't remember for sure, but I believe I had it with the curry potato dip and I think I could definitely see the Indian influence (naan and vindaloo with potatoes).  Essentially, this ties with Kaddo Bowrani (Afghan food) for the best appetizer of my life.I've come to this restaurant over five times, and this is because it is the cleanest, most unique, and definitely one of the top three tastiest restaurants in Chinatown. 
I'm not sure what authentic Burmese food taste likes, but the food here strikes me as a combination of Thai, Malaysian, and Indian cuisine.  The menu is humongous - the second I flip through the pages I am bursting with mixed emotions of hunger, excitement, and pure agony over the necessity to decide what to eat from what seems like hundred of delicious options.  
Don't let the potential for an emotional meal scare you away.  I recommend the following dishes:
- Thousand layer bread with Potato curry (tried the Beef curry, not as tasty for some reason)
- Rangoon house noodles
- Jungle Beef
- Pineapple fried rice (best I've eaten, even though I know this is not Burmese)
- Southeast Asia Noodles (pretty much like Pad Thai so probably not an authentic experience either)
The lentil fritters are really spicy, especially when you bite into the jalapeno bits so it's not really my thing.  I also tried the crab meat dumplings which seemed a bit too Americanized because of the cream cheese and minimal bits of crab - definitely not something I would ever order again.Thousand layer bread with curried potato dip was delicious! In fact, it is an absolute must have whenever I'm in China Town. While I've had the thousand layer bread with curried chicken, it was good, but not a force to be reckoned with as far as the curried potato. The thousand later bread alone without any accompanying side dishes is also delicious. The bread is made up of several buttery layers of goodness that has air in between. You can even pull the layers apart. Can you say Mmm, Mmm, good?I'm in town for a convention and went looking for something I don't eat as often in Cali. Rangoon was a quick walk from the hotel and got pretty good reviews, I figured I'd give it a shot. Restaurant was pretty quiet, and I got a seat right away. The server poured me a water and left the pitcher on the table...not used to that. It's fine when you have the room, but I didn't think it was a sign of great service. I ordered my shrimp lemongrass soup. A small somewhat sloppily poured bowl arrived (see pix). Another sign of service quality. The soup was tasty, a strong/sour/savory lemongrass, tomato, and chicken broth with some small mushrooms and a lonely shrimp floating. 
The main course arrived a few minutes later...accompanied by a chipped bowl of white rice. I'm not asking for Lennox china and crystal goblets, but chipped dishes should be tossed (cost of doing business). The mango chicken was fine at first taste, but got sweeter with every bite until I felt like I was eating dessert for dinner. The chicken was tasty, mango seemed fresh and firm, ingredients were fine....but the cloyingly sweet sauce was overpowering.After a long day running around in Chinatown, wanted to try something different for dinner. Debating on Vietnamese food and then saw on the Yelp app- Burmese food. Okay, I am game for trying out new cuisines. Had no clue what to expect? 
As we entered the restaurant, there were two patrons already at the table. Staff was friendly and guided us to the table. We asked for recommendations for I did not have an iron stomach for very spicy food. Something mild and nothing like the cartoons with steam coming out of my ears or tears pouring out. The waiter gave some recommendations.
We ordered the Thousand Layer Bread which was thicker and greasier than the Roti. Since this was the first time I tried it was okay, but I prefer the Roti better.
The Golden Triangles (Burmese Somosas)- It was okay and tasted like the Indian potato Somosas. The only difference was the wrapper was an eggroll wrapper and crispier.Must have been reheated for the middle was a bit cold.
The Pork in Mango Pickled Curry- Tasted good.$6.50 lunch special. What a great deal and meal. Rangoon has some of the best tofu / vegetarian dishes in Philadelphia. We usually get Coconut Tofu with salad and fried rice... the fried rice is not greasy just a few added peas and carrots. 
5 stars for Thousand Layer Bread... I order it plain and give it a little salt. Similar to a big round flat croissant. Some eat it with sugar for dessert. 
Rangoon "Secret Hang out of PBS".This place never disappoints! I've been multiple times and the food is always fresh and delicious! Don't be afraid to ask about the customer favorites, they are always great! The service is always good and pleasant and quick. 
I recently tried the (F5) Burma Inlay Fish! It's a crispy fish with chunky chili sauce and basil! Amazing!!! Omg please try this. The fish was fresh (didn't taste "fishy") and the sauce was complex with different spices that wasn't overbearing! The basil was a nice touch of fresh herb! Please please try this!!! 
Also they have a great Spicy (bone in) Chicken Curry! That was amazing!!  And don't forget, get some Roti!!!I like the food here... but my experience with the service on at least two different occasions here has left me disappointed.  I've been here multiple times over the last 5 years but during two recent trips here, the lapse in quality service started to show.  My boyfriend and I came here on a random weekday night.  There were literally two other occupied tables in the entire restaurant.  We were initially seated at a table for two people but when possible, we prefer to sit side by side.  We're not divas about it but as I mentioned, there was an ample number of unoccupied tables so we figured we weren't asking for much.  We politely asked the staff member (who I think was one of the 3 lady owners actually) if we could be seated at a larger table.  She wrinkled her nose and made a comment about how they were expecting a lot of other customers.  As you may guess, the restaurant stayed fairly empty the rest of the night.  So much for multiple other customers.  I ordered one of the fish dishes, which was lightly deep fried with a coconut curry sauce and vegetables.  I enjoyed it, but her unwillingness to grant a simple request when there were 10+ empty tables didn't sit right with me.
We happened to return again tonight because I had a craving for that same fish dish.  There were 3 people waiting on everyone and surprisingly, tonight was a busier night, with maybe 2 large groups of people.  Still lots of empty tables though.  But unfortunately, because there were just 3 people waiting tables and taking orders, things were very slow.  Our waitress/server didn't even look our way for a good 20 minutes.  Finally, our stomachs rumbling, we flagged her down.  Same thing when trying to get the check.  Even though I enjoyed my fish dish, the service is "meh" enough that I'd rather skip Burmese food and eat somewhere else in Chinatown.  I was a faithful customer here at the get-go but  my recent experiences were disappointing.Based off of a recommendation, my friend and I stopped by for dinner on a Saturday night. The ambiance was lively but not loud or crowded, and our server was prompt and friendly. The food was simply incredible. Bold, rich flavors, nice balance of spice, wide range of menu options. Burmese is this amazing combination of Chinese and Indian, and Rangoon does it exceptionally well and at an affordable price. Enjoy!Try their thousand layered parota with potato curry; also the faluda. Very good food, affordable as well. Friendly servers and open for a long time for lunch.I was so hungry and the food was so good that even the staff were surprised at how fast I gulped everything down! Do yourself a favor and order the tea leaf salad. I haven't met many of these that haven't been delicious and this one was no different. I also tried their pumpkin shrimp curry and loved the chunks of pumpkin and the creaminess of the curry. Just a totally satisfying meal overall.The fish noodle soup never fails to be tasty warm goodness!  I also recommend the thousand layer bread.If I had to choose one restaurant to eat all my meals from for the rest of my life, Rangoon would be it.  I have been coming to this establishment for 10 years now.  My work is located just around the corner.  I mainly eat lunch here and am in love with the Chicken Mint Kebab, Basil Chicken and 1000 layer bread.  Their dinner is also magnificent.  I recommend the tea leave salad and jungle chicken as well as the other two dishes I just mentioned.  Service is very friendly and very quick.  This is a genuine, family owned, Burmese Restaurant which is rare not just in Philly but also in NYC.  It doesn't get better than this for me.Came in close to closing time.  Delicious, met one of the owners, and left thinking more people should be eating here!For some reason I didn't think I'd try ethnic food on my trip out to Philly.  I was pleasantly surprised when my friend chose this place.  The food is yummy and the staff are so nice.  The place is located in this jenky street of Chinatown (though I've never been to a non-jenky Chinatown) and the decor and atmoshere is much better on the inside than the outside.  
We had their award-winning fried tofu that was battered in lentils and dipped in a sweet/spicy sauce.  Surprisingly yummy, though a bit dense.  I had the chicken cocunut curry which is similar to a Thai curry, but much milder.  My friend had the beef and lemongrass stew, which was packed with flavor, though the beef was a bit dry.  The sweet icetea was delightful--fresh, mildly sweet, and with no milk.
Overall, a good place.  I'd come here often if I lived here.My boyfriend and I decided to randomly yelp  a place nearby and this place showed up on our search. When you enter, the restaurant is quiet and dimmed but you can make out the decorations inside. It sort of feels like you're in between India and countries of Southern Asia, very interesting mix.
We ordered the thousand layer bread, coconut curry chicken and festival rice. The thousand layer bread came out a bit oily and thicker than the pancake at Vietnamese/Malaysian restaurants but it had the right amount of crisp to it. Dip that into the curry potato chicken dish and you will get heaven! 
The potatoes could have been cooked a little longer so it could be a little softer but the curry was delicious, not spicy at all! It is a more Asian styled curry so usually a bit of powder and coconut milk/oil infused. Note, this comes with a side of rice. 
The festival rice was my favorite dish. The rice is cooked with butter so that says all. The chicken was very moist and soft, comes out kinda like pulled pork/shredded style. Overall this dish was very flavorful.
I would recommend this place. However, the service is kind of slow.Thousand Layer Bread + Potato Curry = Spicy and Yummy!
I had the cold Burmese noodles and hubs ordered the Pineapple fish - great meals both! The prices are reasonable, the staff was very friendly and attentive and the decor was tasteful without going overboard.
I'd also recommend the coconut juice :)Rangoon is one of my usual places. The servers here are really welcoming. They were willing to customize dishes for me since I'm a strict vegetarian. I absolutely love their thousand layer bread with spicy curry potato and onion rings. I have tried a few other things off their menu but I usually tend to stick to the usuals. I heard the rage about their Burmese tea but it didn't do it for me, a little too strong. I can't get enough of the layer bread from this place!Great prices, good service, and excellent food! Loved the mango chicken and thousand layer bread with curry potatoes. Not as wild about the jungle chicken, but maybe that's because I loved the mango so much...will definitely be back!I do not know anything about Burmese food. 
Place was clean, looks like a "standard" Asian-kinda restaurant, and was full enough on a Sat evening to obviously be an "OK" restaurant. 
Some items came with a SPICY warning, but I did not find anything at all very hot or spicy, which is fine - Americanos don't "do spicy" for the most part. 
Service was fast and knew the menu well enough to make good suggestions and recommendations, I appreciate thoughtful input and commentary. 
Food was very well prepared and delicious. 
Presentation was kind of boring, but it was not expensive, so I had no expectations. 
Solid all around.
Def try it if you are nearby.After finding this gem by chance - Thank you, completely random Google search! - Rangoon has quickly become one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia, and I care about food A LOT. The food is delicious and the staff are some of the kindest humans around. There is never a wait and the servers are so patient with my young child. 
Favorites: crispy watercress salad, thousand layer bread, string beans with roast pork, dynamite tofu, and basil noodles.I eat several meals at Rangoon every time I'm in Philadelphia.  Burmese food is amazing and very hard to find.  Rangoon in Philadelphia is one of the very best.  Try the tea leaf salad.  Unbelievable.  Actually everything on the menu is pretty spectacular and I have had every dish on the menu.  If you haven't tried Burmese food and/or have never visited Rangoon, try it.  And be sure to order the tea leaf salad.When we visit Philly we try different cuisines and this time we followed Yelp suggestions and tried this highly rated restaurant.  It did not disappoint except the portion is smaller than anticipated but it is normal portion and we are just use to the family style portion of Asian restaurants.  We love it!Never had Burmese food before, so I can't speak to authenticity but what I tasted was delicious.
I recommend:
- Asian tea leaf salad: Chopped up bits of tea leaf give this salad a unique taste.  Peanuts give it a nice crunch.  Refreshing choice paired against the rest of the meal.  
- Thousand layer bread with chicken curry: Flaky, thin, pairs well with the curry
- Thousand layer bread with beef kebab: Tender pieces of beef with lots of flavor.  A must try if you like kebabs
The Northern Burmese noodle was OK.  Needed more flavor.  Tastes like beef chow fun at your typical Chinese restaurant.
Service was great!Chicago does not have a Burmese restaurant, so I went to Philly. 
Tea leaf salad.  Awesome.  Hard to find.  Go try it.Consistently good eats in Chinatown!
I love this place.  Been going here for a few years now and still haven't been disappointed by the food or service.
Recently I went for dinner with a friend and was quickly whisked in to an empty table since it was a slow week night.  
The space is pretty big, lots of tables, and good for groups as well.  Decor is tasteful and theme related.  Over the years it doesn't seem to have the traffic it used to, but however it still manages to get a steady crowd on most nights.  
The menu is pretty extensive.  If you aren't familiar with Burmese food, don't be afraid to try things.  There are lots to choose from, noodles, poultry, seafood, you name it.  Just expect lots of flavor and spice if that's what you ask for.
We had the thousand layer bread with chicken curry (a must), and pork dumplings for appetizers.  Shan rice noodles, Basil Pork, and Ngapali pineapple shrimp for entrees.  The shrimp dish wasn't so good to me, it was a little too sweet. On the other hand, the basil pork is always so good to me.  But by far the standout was the shan rice noodles.  Basically it has sauteed chicken, sesame, and peanuts with sesame oil.  We got it spicy as well and I just couldn't stop going back to it.  There is so much good stuff going on here that most dishes will be winners.  For example another favorite is mango shrimp or chicken.  It's just so well balanced with flavor and heat if you ask for it.
Expect good service from a friendly staff.
Enjoy!Nice people...great food...I will go back again and again... potato curry and fritters are out now this world. Ready to customize most of the dishes for vegetarians. Kudos.Really delicious!  Burmese food is so good.  We had their tea leaf salad, which was really unique and tasty.  Chopped lettuce with peanuts, it had a sweet and sour taste, very refreshing with crunchy nuts.  We also got their thousand year bread (fried dough, how can you not like it?) with potato curry (curry is key so you can dip the bread!).  
We also got their jungle chicken which tasted like key lime pie, creamy good- chunks of chicken in this creamy, lime sauce.  Their chicken curry was pretty good, but would try something else next time- it was just chunks of chicken in a sauce.
Definitely try their tea leaf salad and their thousand year bread!!  Their dessert is pretty good too, lots of coconut flavored good stuff!I've been meaning to give this place a 5-star rating for a while. The food is amazing and the lunch special is so incredibly cheap! I always get the Coconut Chicken Curry and salad for the lunch special, and it's only $7. In addition, I've been to Burma Superstar in SF before and suffered through the wait, however I honestly like Rangoon better (in terms of the Coconut Chicken Curry). I am so glad we have this wonderful option in Philly!I've been wanting to try this restaurant ever since I had delicious Burmese food on a trip to San Francisco many years ago. Rangoon did not disappoint.  Everything was fresh and tasty. And the staff was really nice and helpful. Really interesting flavors and yummy food. Highly recommend.Yum! My partner and I are staying near the Convention Center, had a hankering for something in Chinatown, but didn't want to roll the dice on a random pick. After some Googling, I came across reviews for this place and we were not disappointed. Of course, the thousand layer bread with potato curry was delicious (although a bit greasy!) My partner hates curry but loved this dish. We also had chicken with mixed veggies and spicy stringbean with tofu. Both were delicious, with the right amount of spice. I'd definitely recommend this place!This place is amazing. Lives up to the hype. The pumpkin chicken was so good and the 1000 layer bread with potato curry was amazing.Amazing place! The service was great; super friendly and helpful. I called for takeout and asked for a vegetarian option and they went over them with me and were flexible with the dish. The layer bread is soooo wonderful and tasty! I tried it with the curried potatoes and it was so flavorful and spicy (in the best way). I am definitely going to go back!I know what you're thinking - WE HAVE TO COME HERE TO GET THE THOUSAND LAYER BREAD! Everyone's obsessed with it! It's the best thing to hit Philly since rock and roll music! Or cheesesteaks!
And yes, I will agree, the thousand layer bread is great. We ordered it, and did not regret it. The chicken curry topping perfectly complimented the crispy folds of the bread, which was almost like a cross between a pastry and a tortilla. In fact, I wish we'd gotten more, since this was one of the big highlights of an otherwise decent but not overwhelmingly fantastic meal.
Other items that made it on the wow list included the crispy watercress salad (NOT for the faint of tongue - it is spicy as heck), the banana leaf fish (another fried dish, but truly tasty) and the festival rice with chicken curry loaded on top. I only had one bite, but I seem to remember that we enjoyed the night market noodles too.
We were unsure about the rest. Spring rolls and crab rangoon were fine, but nothing out of the ordinary. The chicken satay came out a bit cold, but the flavor was nice. We were not fans of the lemon chicken or pagan beef - very little spice or savory flavor - just kind of bland. 
A first for me - we tried a falooda for dessert, an exotic mix of rose syrup, vermicelli, tapioca pearls and pieces of gelatin with milk or water. They threw a little ice cream in there to top it off, too. I was enchanted with it's fourth of July flair - it was colored red, white and blue. Strange though it was, we did enjoy it.
Service here was inconsistent. Sometimes, I felt well taken care of, other times, no one checked in for 25 minutes. We did, however, always have a pitcher of water on the table, which was great when eating the spicier dishes.
I would return, with the knowledge of what to order again and what I might try next time around. Not sure who would join me in returning, but I want to give this place another chance to up their wow factor.I was ecstatic to find a restaurant that served Burmese food.  I remember the first time I had Ohno Kwautskwe from a friend and how good it was and was looking forward to having some again. 
I had the Creamy Coconut Chicken Noodle Soup entree and my boyfriend had the Mango Chicken.
While the chicken noodle soup my friend made was much, much better, Rangoon does a really good version of it. Rangoon goes a little bit heavier on the coconut and lighter of the spice.
The Mango Chicken was very good. It had the right about of sweet and acid.
We also shared an appetizer of Crispy Triangles: their version of potato samosas. Those were tasty too, but nothing spectacular about them.The food is good. But for some reason the food is similar to Penang or any of the Malaysian Restaurant. They have the Thousand Layer Bread with Potato Sauce similar to the ROTI CANAI which is better it has the Chicken in their dipping sauce. I think this place is better than Penang but I don't understand the difference? 
The people there are nice. But they're a little slow. Both in service and between the ears.The food is great here, which is why they are getting a THREE. Try the Jungle Chicken and Chili Chicken--both great dishes! The service, however, is NOT that great--I would give them a TWO for this. Whenever I go here in a group, it takes a very long time for them to check in on us so we can order drinks/food. They don't check in with us and it is difficult to get any of our questions answered. Also, when you get the bill, it's written in code so it's really difficult to split bills.This place is great! I've been to Rangoon and this definitely brought back great memories of my stay. The Thousand Layer with Curry potato was really amazing and the Northern Burmese Noodles we equally as great. I will definitely be returning here on my next visit to Philly.Got two items based on Yelp reviews. 
1. Thousand layer bread with potato. - Definitely get this! so much better than the chicken. I thought this was going to be like Roti canai, but it is sweeter, thicker and crispier. I love it! the potato dipping sauce was fantastic, spicy and very unique.  Definitely 5 star worthy. 
2. The tea leaf salad - kind of disappointing. It is bitter as hell. It is also pricey for the price and portion. The bitterness of the tea overpowered the flavor of the salad. 2 star. 
Overall, I would go back to this place to try other things. But definitely not getting the tea leaf salad. muck!Good food, at a price.
I enjoyed Rangoon, it's your typical semi-obscure Asian food restaurant.  Kitschy decor, attentive service, a mixture of authentic and bastardized food.  Burmese food was fairly similar to Thai and Malaysian, so it didn't open up my dining world but it was a bit sweeter so it was nice change.  Dishes come large enough for one or easy to share for two.
But a lunch for two there shouldn't cost $40.  Maybe if it was a bit more upscale, or we got alcohol, but for the food we ate there's gotta be a place nearby with the same quality.This review is based off of over 9 visits and having the Thousand Layer Bread each and every time. Ha ha. What can I say. You cannot come here without ordering it so come with friends so you can order the app and then split some other dishes. 
Make sure to let your friends know in advance that you are willing to share any of the the dishes you order family style except for the thousand layer bread and curry dipping sauce, hands off that shiz because that my friend is all for me me me me me. You will have to order your own if you want any.The food here is fantastic.  The Thousand Layer Bread is awesome. Had the Southern Burmese Noodles which were not heavy tasting at all. Very light and tasty. We also had the pineapple scallops which were fantastic. Service was attentive and good.Walking from the paid parking lot towards the Pholadelhphia Flower Show, we glanced towards 9th St and I saw Rangoon.  Hmm Burmese Restaurant.  Fellow Yelpers gave it good reviews and I am in the mood to heed yelp advise.
It was great advise!  Rangoon had very friendly and helpful staff.  The place was clean and the decor while minimal was impactful.  The artwork was delightful.
We had the thousand layer bread, a tad oily, but otherwise very tasty with the potato curry dip.  The String Bean and Peanut Salad was nice, cool, crunchy and flavorful.
Sweetie and I both chose vegetarian dishes and both worked well together.  He had the Tofu and Veggies with Mango Sauce and I had Tofu and Veggie Curry.  We both chose Mild, as this was our first time to eat here.  It was mild enough that we would venture for the hot next time we come over.  But I did bite into a piece of hot pepper and my ears were on fire!  Hahaha, it was delightfully hot (I love hot food) but I did gulp down my Tamarind Juice!  Had to wait for a few minutes before I could start eating again.  But all in all it was great food.
We had the Rice Pudding with Mango and it was not overly sweet.Overall really good food. Service leaves a lot to be desired for. Come for the food and nothing else. Thousand layer bread with potato and chicken keema are amazing!Great flavor, great food.
I felt bad for the chef/staff as we went right before close, but they were kind enough to accommodate us. We got the thousand layer roti w/ curry, jungle curry, fish curry, and some others. All very different, but delicious flavors. The best way to describe Burmese food is a mixture of Indian, South-East Asian and Chinese, or simply Burmese food. It's great. 
Looking forward to going here more often. Definitely check it out.I have mixed feelings about this restaurant. I ordered the Asian tea salad and thousand layer bread (beef) and I feel like the salad could have been a little less heavy it was really oily same goes with the thousand layer bread. The bread soaked up all the oil and it was soggy. I don't know if that's how the bread should be cooked but I didn't like it. I'm glad I only ordered a little bit and didn't let myself get carried away with the food titles and hype. I also ordered the spicy curry chicken on coconut rice and that one was good I liked the little spice going on it wasn't overwhelming.  I mean I do appreciate Burmese food but not from here. The food wasn't bad but i don't think I'll be coming back here for awhile unless I feel like giving this restaurant a second chance .I went into this restaurant with 9 people and no one was impressed (or wanted to finish their meal). The food was greasy (not in the yummy way) and one of us found a piece of plastic in the food. I was really surprised because usually yelp is really accurate for me (this place had 4 stars). Coconut curry is pretty bad - but the pumpkin soup was decent.Great lunch spot. Surprisingly inexpensive. Genuinely burmese. I think it has a $15 dollar minimum for credit cards. 
Also, despite my autocorrect, the 1000 layer bread is not a 1000 layer breast. Both dishes sound neat, but the 1000 layer bread is wonderful appetizer. A must. I don't think they serve the other one.First timer on Burmese food. I liked the spicy noodle soup but didnt particularly thought that other dishes were tasty. Ordered Thousand layered bread(good), shan noodle soup(good), fried crabmeat dumpling(ok), spring rolls, and a string bean and peanuts salad(very greasy). Maybe next time will be better.After having Burmese salad everyday while I was in Chaing Mai, Thailand (it was a non profit cafe for Burmese refugees), I was working up a mean craving for it after I had been back for a few months.  Finally, it struck me (yup it took months for me to think of it!) I googled Burmese food Philadelphia and found this place!  and aaaahhhhh  yeeesssss!!!!! They have the Burmese Green tea leaf salad!!! it is called asian tea leaf salad on the menu.  I strongly suggest trying it if you go, it is so unique, and you can't get it or anything similar in any other cuisine... it is a BURMESE SPECIALTY.
My favorites:
1. Asian Tes Leaf Salad (ask for no shrimp and no fish sauce  if you are vegan/veggie)
2. coconut rice
3. Potato Curry
service is very friendly, but sometimes they forget to bring out some food you order.The jungle chicken (a green Thai style curry) is one of the best I've had. There's a strong lime flavor which is unexpected but amazing. Great portions for take out!This place is a gem, especially for those who like spicy food. The watercress fried salad is a must try, bad for you viens, good for the soul. They make the best vegetarian dishes in town by my measure, starting with the chili tofu. The "thousand layer" bread with the spicy vatana dip is sensual. GO HERE NOW!I'm from Burma and live in Southern California.  I don't get to have authentic Burmese food out there as there aren't good Burmese restaurants.  Love the tasty dishes, hospitality, decoration and price!It's like Thai and Indian food had a baby! And yes, you must get the 1000 layer bread with either the chicken or potato sauce. Firecracker Fritters satisfy your need for heat. I've always have a fantastic meal here no matter what entree I try. So good!I love this place. I've come here twice now, and both times it's been delicious. Plus despite the fact that years pass between visits (we were living on the other side of the country, no reflection on Rangoon)...the owner always remembers my husband - and now me! The hubs always gets the Khao suey (sp?), which the menu calls southern Burmese noodles. Thousand layer bread is a must, and there's this glass noodle and mushroom soup that is my new comfort food. I've tried a couple of the noodle dishes now - Shan rice noodles tonight - and have yet to be disappointed. 
Plus, you guys, it's totally reasonably priced. Even the drinks - while it's just a limited list of beer & wine (no fancypants lemongrass martini here, which is a good thing), the prices are super cheap. What's not to love?It's hidden on the outskirts of Chinatown, and is actually a decently sized restaurant that is pretty busy on weekend evenings.  We came for a late dinner at 8 pm on Saturday and it was pretty much full.  The food itself is decent and a cross between Thai and Malaysian, with a nice selection of stir fries and curries, as well as some distinctive appetizers.  
We had the following:
1. Tea leaves salad: This was a house specialty and different, with a combination of shredded cabbage, sesame, peanuts, tea leaves, and tomatoes.  I couldn't find the dried shrimp, though.
2. Thousand layer bread with curry potato: Pretty standard but smaller than Banana Leaf's or Penang's versions, and a bit thick and less crispy.  The dipping suace was pretty good, though, and relatively spicy.
3. Eggplant pin sein: An okay dish with relatively greasy stir-fried eggplant, garlic, onion, and basil  in a soy-based sauce.  Probably the least favorite dish of the group.
4. Sauteed fresh mushrooms: Savory blend of button mushrooms, onions, peppers and scallions in a light garlic sauce.  A nice, lighter option.
5. Mango chicken: Very solid with plenty of chicken breast slices and fresh mango in a sweet sauce.  
6. Northern Burmese noodle: A drunken noodle-like dish with thick, flat rice noodles, shrimp, chicken, scallions, and bean sprouts in a sicy sauce.  Solid.  
7. Jungle beef: Rangoon's version of a green curry beef with a medley of pepper slices.  I really liked the creamy curry, which has a stronger coconut flavor than the versions found at other Thai and Malaysian restaurants.  
Service was very good and the food came in less than 10 minutes.  Hot tea is $1, but the prices are pretty reasonable and it came to about $100 for everything, including tap and tip, and the portions were enough to feed 5 perfectly.Unassuming and brilliant. This place is a hidden gem for sure. The food is unbelievably tasty, and the service is warm and cheerful. The biggest con, in my view, is the ambience, and to some degree, the location.
Went with a colleague for dinner and cannot believe I hadn't tried this place in all this while. Trust the reviewers, and don't walk out of this place without trying the thousand layer bread with potato dipping sauce. It is something out of the ordinary. We also ordered the crispy onion, the basil fried rice (special), chili tofu and basil noodles with shrimp, and paid less than $50 in total, which was the cherry on top of this wonderful experience.Cuisine of Burma, now known as Myanmar.  Service is quick, and dishes come out as they are ready.  That means you won't all get your meal at the same time.  I recommend sharing.
Situated between China and India, the food features influences from both countries.  Samosas are wrapped in spring roll-type skins and come with Chinese-style sauce.  The mango shrimp were very good.
My meal, Rangoon house noodles, was a bit salty and not very spicy (despite a menu designation of "spicy").  
I'd visit again, but I can't help but think that I'd enjoy Burmese food more if I tried it elsewhere.Great service.   Really enjoyed the tasty food.I like it here, but I have only came here twice during my short lunch breaks and haven't had enough time to get the feel of the restaurant. Nonetheless, I like the way the waitresses attend to the guests very well. The most sincere manager too!Really great authentic Burmese food. The service was also really great because the lady who took care of my table really felt like a classic Burmese auntie who wants the best for you!This place blew me away when I ate here for the first time!!! Since that meal I have came back twice!!! The food was incredibly tasty the waiters were very nice and helpful. I liked this place so much my mouth waters just thinking about eating here again!!! I can't wait to go back!!! Love this place!!!Really wanted to give this place a better review, considering there aren't that many Burmese restaurants, but man did it disappoint.  You walk into a fairly large dining room that's simply decorated.  They're a BYOB (with an expensive corkage fee), but also have a small beer and wine list.
There weren't that many people in the restaurant, given that we were there relatively early on a Saturday night for dinner, and yet service was extremely slow, and we had to ask for things multiple times.
We started with the 'thousand layer bread with curry potato dipping sauce'.  This is essentially an Indian paratha with potato shak/curry.  It was fine - the curry potato had a nice flavor to it, but for the price, you'd expect a little larger dish.  The bread (paratha) itself was not that good.
There were a few of us and we split a bunch of vegetarian options with all of them, aside from the Jungle Curry, being tasteless and terrible.  You expect this area of the world to have flavorful food, and it should, but here, it was very bland and very mild.  The dynamite tofu did not smell right and had a fishy taste to it, and the texture was very slimy.  The Burmese noodles were essentially drunken noodles without any of the extra vegetables, spice, or flavor.  When we asked if they had hot sauce, they gave us some crushed red pepper in a little bit of oil.Years ago I visited Philly for work and stumbled upon this place. Had a very nice dinner of shared plates with my colleagues and enjoyed the meal tremendously.
I moved here recently and decided to return to this place which had made such a nice impression.
I had no memory of what I had enjoyed so much the first time, so I took everyone's advice from here and started with the thousand layer bread and potato curry -- it was fantastic. I should have had a full meal of it.
After that my wife ordered the Pad Thai-like dish and I ordered a spicy spare pork rib dish. Both were a little disappointing in their own ways. The Pad Thai like dish was a little too bland and the ribs were a little too dry, tough, and sinew-y. Aside from the textural issue, the ribs had potential to be really good. I really liked the flavor, which started with a nice minty sweetness and finished with some hot chili flavor. The toughness though was sort of a deal breaker. I want spare rib meat to fall off the bone. I had two options to get the edible parts in my mouth: make up for the fact that they did not provide me with a knife and try to use my spoon and fork to salvage some of the meat; OR tear it off with my teeth like a cave man. I went the cave man route and really wished I had a wet nap at the end of the meal like they'd give you at a BBQ place.
So +3 for the bread (yum!).
+1 for a friendly waitress, fast service, and available tables on a Friday
+1 for affordability
-1 for the bland noodle dish
-1 for the tough spare ribs
All in all: 3 stars. I'd still go back because based on my first experience there years ago I'm sure that there are other great dishes on the menu that I just missed this time. Both of our neighboring tables had things that looked delicious.The Thousand Layer bread was great, but you can get this at other places and it tastes just as good. The beef pandan was not my thing, too sweet and loads of peanut butter! Would like to try their salads next time.Decent Burmese. We've had better. If you want something unique and flavorful, give it a try.friendly service....recommend the coconut curry chicken ,crispy burmese tofuMy first visit to Rangoon over the weekend was overall a positive experience, but not the earth-shaking wonder that I was hoping for based on the Yelp hype.  I went back and forth between 3 and 4 stars, going with 4 because I am eager to return for more.
My first impression of the interior is that they are frustratingly close to having SUCH a nice atmosphere.  Simply dimming their lights and adding a little music would solidify a 4th star.  As it is, the Burmese artwork is nice, but the too-bright lights make it feel somewhat tacky.  The service was friendly - I am pretty sure one of the owners was waiting on us.
We had brought a bottle of wine, but took a peek at their list anyway and found it to be pretty dismal - fairly cheap selections, and many would not have paired well with the food.  We opted to have our self-supplied Riesling opened and were slightly chagrined to learn that 1.5 liters have a $24 corking fee.  Our server was very upfront and almost apologetic about this.  In the future I will probably either bring a regular sized bottle of wine, or just go with their beers - a pretty standard line-up including Tsing tao, Heineken and Yeungling for reasonable prices.
We started the meal with the 1000 layer bread with potato curry dip, and crab rangoons.  The bread was tasty, but WAY too greasy for me.  The dip, on the other hand, I could have eaten like a soup.  The rangoons were tasty, very flavorful with fresh coriander.  For entrees, we had the Chicken Mint Kebab and the Jungle Shrimp.  The kebab was yummy, but the presentation was not quite what I expected; i.e. not in kebab format at all.  The spices were delicate and well-blended, and the tomato based sauce was flavorful.  I expect this dish might be much better when local tomatoes are in season.  The Jungle Shrimp was the star of the night.  The tart lime flavor in the sauce was quite pronounced, but it was well-balanced by the sweet creamy coconut milk.  The whole thing risked being cloying, but diced jalapenos provided just the right kick.  The fun mix of veggies and mushrooms were sauteed to tender crisp perfection.  The shrimp were on the small side and slightly overcooked; I would probably get the Jungle Chicken in the future.
I am already looking forward to a return trip here.  I suspect that (too-bright lighting be damned) it will enter my regular rotation.Tried this place when looking for something new for a date night last night. Good reviews on yelp and a type of food we'd never tried led us here. Definitely not disappointed. The Burmese flavors are familiar and yet wholly different from anything you've had before. You get the earthy spice of India with the acidity and sweetness of Thai plus a ton of coriander. So much coriander. Anyway, here's what we got:
Thousand Layer Bread with potato curry (as recommended) - delicious. The bread tastes like an unleavened croissant. Dip it in a lovely, warming, savory curry. Yumtown.
Mango tofu for me - sweet with huge pieces of mango, a little spicy. Tofu cooked just right with crunchy peppers and onions
Beef with red bean sauce for my boyfriend - he said it was quite spicy and earthy. Wholly different from the light sweetness of my dish.
On top of that, the service was great. They left a pitcher of water on the table (I love!). Food came out quickly. Dining room decorated nicely. And the menu has a little bit of a historical guide to Burma (Myanmar) in the back. Wonderful! We will return.Ah rangoon.  This is where I learned the essencial rule of Burmese cuisine:  Anything with the word "basil" in it is delicious!  Tired of crappy greasy americanized asian food?  This stuff tastes great and healthy (it probably actually is healthy too).  Pretty cheap too, with a nice set up.  One of my favorite regular joints to goto in China town.Rangoon is one of my go to restaurants in Philly as I love the food at Rangoon!  I really enjoy coming here and ordering several dishes to share.  It's a great place to come to with a small or large group.  My favorite dishes here are the Chicken Satay, Thousand Layer Bread, Burmese Tofu Salad, Mango Chicken and Banana Leaf Fish.  The Banana Leaf Fish is my absolute favorite - the fish is crispy and covered in delicious coconut sauce.  I make sure to order this fish every time I eat at Rangoon.  I'm sure I will be coming back here in a couple of weeks.1,000 layer bread was great, as was the basil chicken I ordered. Staff was attentive and friendly, prices were relatively reasonable! You'll enjoy it!I'll admit that it started out pretty awkward because the restaurant only had a few tables filled when we arrived at around 6:45pm, and man was it was quiet. There also seemed to be some confusion as to who our server was, because after waiting a good five minutes with no one approaching us we began looking around and two guys made some kind of facial expression to decide whose section we were in. Then, all was well. 
This was my first time trying Burmese food, and everything was just delicious. We started out with the thousand layer bread and the curry chicken dip, and, as pretty much everyone on Yelp has said, it was great. The dip had chunks of potato and very moist chicken in it, and the flavor was fantastic. I could have eaten about four times that amount.
For my entree I asked if they could do the pagan beef with chicken and they obliged, no problem. The dish came out with broccoli, cauliflower, potatoes, carrots, and chicken in a delicious coconut-peanut sauce with a big side of rice, and everything was just spot on. The bf ordered the chili chicken and he loved it--personally I thought the spicy mint flavor was a little too much, but he was making oohs and ahhs and mmms across the table. If you like spicy this is one for you.
Overall, this place is just no fuss. Really good food that comes out fast, they give you a pitcher of ice water so no waiting for refills, they don't bother you in the least, and no fighting for a table. We will definitely be going back.I really wanted to like this place...I LOVE Burmese food and have sought out and tasted pretty much every Burmese restaurant in San Francisco. The variety of fresh salads are always a highlight and my first tea leaf salad was life changing! But this dinner was pretty awful. We even kept ordering more and more dishes hoping to find redemption and a reason to come back and try it again, but unfortunately only found more disappointment. Here's what we got:
Thousand layer bread w/ curry dipping sauce: bread was fine - buttery, crispy exterior and layers as promised, but add the sauce and ALL you taste is butter. It was like eating plain butter with a little bit of texture...where's the curry? salt? ANY flavor?!
Tea leaf salad: I've had many more tea leaf salads since that first one and have enjoyed them all tremendously until this one. This tea leaf salad was tiny, premixed, tasted weird, and had the wrong texture. All other tea leaf salads I've had come to the table with all the ingredients separated on the plate and is then mixed together in front of you. My guess is that having all the fresh and crunchy ingredients premixed and sitting in the fermented tea leaves is a major issue.
Coconut soup: this was so sweet it tasted like dessert, but it had chicken and peppers in it...this honestly grossed me out so much I couldn't get past three spoons.
Crispy watercress salad: this was probably the tastiest thing we got. But it is VERY fried - do not order if you wanted to eat green veggies.
Curry beef: this is fine, not great but not bad, just what you'd expect out of a mediocre place. But for the price this dish was tiny. I don't recommend this if you are very hungry or looking for value.
Okra with shrimp paste: overwhelmingly shrimpy and the okra was slimy and mushy.
Service was nice and ambiance was fine. So I feel really bad giving this place 2 after just one meal because it is possible they were just having an off night...but I just really can't bring myself to try it again.Amazing. The coconut chicken noodle soup is my favorite served with fresh cilantro red onion and lime. I love the thousand layer bread and Tara root also as well as the ginger salad. I could go here every day! By far my favorite restaurant in China town.This is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly. I've been here so many times its getting ridiculous. I try to switch it up every time, and everything is consistently delicious. The one constant is the Thousand layer bread and chicken curry. It will change your life. I dream about this stuff on the daily. Other great things on the menu are the northern burmese noodles, jungle chicken, mango chicken, night market noodles, banana leaf fish, and so forth. Give something new a try. You won't regret it!Holy Burmese food! If you are vegan, try the jungle tofu it will rock your socks off. I took my mom there with her very carnivorous husband and they were delighted as well.I came to this place because I was curious what Burmese food actually was (which, i'm sure many of the Yelp readers are). Based on what we ordered, it seems to be somewhat of a mix between Malaysian, Thai, and Chinese food. 
Now, don't be fooled by the dirty shady sign outside the door - it's actually quite nice inside. Also, don't come to this place expecting giant obesity-inducing portions of food like other Chinese places. Expect a normal-small amount of food, but made with care. We ordered fish, noodles, salad, chicken, and of course, the 1,000 layer bread.
The fish and 1,000 layer bread are the only things i'd recommend. We ordered watercress salad, which sadly, was only the size of my palm. The other dishes were similar to anything you order at other thai/chinese restaurants for a larger portion at the same price. 
Overall, i'd give this place 3.5, but will bump up to a 4 because unlike other chinatown restaurants, this place is pretty clean.This was the best pea soup I ever had. The tofu dish was pretty good too. Very good value too.my husband , my friend and I went here about a month ago. we've never tried Burmese food so we were excited to give it a go, we ordered a noodle bowl which was a lot smaller then imagined. the chicken curry and roti which was just ok. and I forgot what it's called, a dried wide noodle which was delish . we would've ordered more but already ate only two hours before . the menu  reminded me a little bit of thai food. we would definitely go back if in the area and would try other items on the menu. its not the typical things you would find elsewhere. main down fall is the parking , basically there is none. we parked across the ally in a paid lot but it was crazy expensive. from what I remembered it was 7 bucks for 30-40 minutes? yes we ate fast :PVery good, I haven't had better Burmese in New York.
There are two spots in San Francisco that may have this place beat, but its certainly the best Burmese in Philly.. and the best I've had on the East Coast so far. 
Plenty of vegetarian options.. :)
I liked the Thousand Layer Bread when dipped/eaten with curry.. It's thin and flaky like a flattened croissant.. don't think traditional layers. Its pretty rich & oily but goes well with soupy & spicy dishes. It's like a cross between a flat croissant, naan, and Chinese scallion pancakes. Most similar to the scallion pancakes.. just flakier and without the scallion. 
I also liked the Crispy Lentil Fritters & Spicy Green Bean Tofu. I liked the ginger in Tea Leaf Salad, although its not my favorite dish, I don't mind sharing one and having a few bites. The curries were good, not amazing, but I'm a sucker for spicy coconut curries and went home happy. 
The are very quick with the food.. so take your time ordering your meal after appetizers. My water did not get refilled as often as I like, but I tend to drink excessive amounts of water at restaurants, especially when eating spicy and greasy foods.Tried two favorite dishes from Burmese food experiences elsewhere, the tea leaf salad and the night market noodles. The salad was soggy and had a bitter aftertaste. The noodles were dull and underflavored, lacking the intense and savory taste and toothsome texture that made me love them originally. I left disappointed with cravings unsatisfied.Unfortunately not sure what the hype is about. Went for dinner with a few friends, we ordered a number of things and nothing was particularly good. My wife ordered the rice salad - was two clumps of rice on a tiny bed of greens. I ordered the tea leaf salad which had soggy tea leaves. The curries were not very flavorful. Overall the staff was very nice but the food was sub par.Dining at Rangoon gives me so many happy feelings. Although some dishes are invariably better, I have never had a bad meal. Rangoon is a fail proof, crowd pleasing restaurant that is perfect for no frills special occasions or simply getting the gang together for bomb food.
While many rave about the Tea Leaf Salad, I am 100% about the Crispy Watercress Salad. It's crispy, spicy, sweet, and tangy all in one. Certainly anything is better fried, including a salad.
Also notable are the Coconut Curry Chicken and Pumpkin Chicken. My roommate could probably eat the Coconut Curry Chicken every day and not get sick of it; she likes it THAT much. The Pumpkin Chicken induces a similar reaction in me.
The Anhyar Tamin deserves its own paragraph! I never would've thought to combine shredded mango with shrimp paste rice, salty and sweet pork, and shredded egg omelette. The dish was essentially a deconstructed fried rice that you mix together yourself. So pungent. So flavorful. So good.
I cordially disagree with Yelpers who compare Rangoon to Bay Area restaurants. While I am madly proud of repping the Bay, this is not a fair comparison; the Bay has the largest Burmese population in the United States. I am moving back to the Bay soon and Rangoon is one of many excellent small biz restaurants that I will miss dearly.Got fritters for appetizer. It was so-so. Also had the mint chicken kabob again the meat was fine but not enough spices and flavor.
I was kinda disappointed because I really love Burmese food. This was actually my second time here and I decided to give it a second chance. Don't think will give it a 3rd chance.It may look like a bit of a hole-in-the-wall, but appearances are deceiving. Rangoon offers the rare treat of Burmese cuisine, something you can't find in even many major cities in this country, and it does a fine job of it, too. Burmese does remind one of Indian and Chinese cuisines, with some Thai influences in their rather heavy use of coconut and ginger. The menu is extensive, assuring that even the vegetarian diner has a truly mind-boggling array of choices. The fried rice is truly the best I have ever had. Some of the dishes are a bit salty, but in the case of this restaurant I don't think it's a major detraction from the tastiness. As a vegetarian reviewer who's not fond of overly spicy food, I highly recommend the village pea soup and tomato tofu curry, especially if you mix the latter with a generous portion of their *amazing* and simple coconut rice. But try a little bit of everything, too! You should never have to eat the same thing twice at this restaurant. I should also note that the service has always been unobtrusive but friendly, and extremely fast. More people need to appreciate this hidden gem.I've been here a few times, and it's been great every time.  Well-priced, large meals, which are good to share with your table.   They waiters are always very friendly.
Burmese food might be described as a mix of Chinese, Thai, and Indian.  However you want to describe it, it's delicious.  All of the dishes I have tried at Rangoon are very flavorful and the meat is tender.  An absolute must is the 1000 layer bread in the appetizer section.  I have no idea what constitutes the 1000 layers, but it is incredible.
The only thing I tried at Rangoon that I didn't like was a dessert called farluda.  I have no idea whether it's good farluda and I just didn't like it, or whether it could have been better.  At any rate, it's a parfait glass filled with rose syrup, tapioca pudding, gelatinous worm things, and ice cream.  It's as gross as it sounds.I've been to Rangoon any number of times and it wasn't until I recently ate at a Burmese place in Maryland that I thought to myself, "Man, you should probably write a review!"
I'll level with you.  Before Rangoon, I never had a favorite spot in Chinatown.  I used to eat at Ho Sai Gai and a handful of other places.  After trying Rangoon, I stopped bothering.  Weird, I know, but here's the thing.  SEPA is inundated with decent Chinese options so you can get the food anywhere.  Burmese, on the other hand...
So, first the good.  I've never had a bad meal whether I was starting with Thousand Layer Bread or skipping right to an entree.  Jungle anything is killer.  Mango anything is awesome.  The soup is great.  The location is stellar.  Now, the not so good.  They charge a corkage fee which is crazy high, the minimum amount required to use your credit card sometimes makes it difficult if you're eating alone, and some of the sauces are a bit sweeter than I would like.
Mostly though, I miss this place tremendously and wish they'd open a satellite location in North Carolina.Just go for the Thousand Layer Bread. I personally ate about 3 of them by themselves. Not a huge fan of the curry dipping sauce. I used it to dip in my Jungle Chicken. The Jungle Chicken is a sweeter version of Thai yellow curry. Very mild and well rounded. The bread I like in the smaller pancake style and the big roti style. Go for the bread!The food and service is always great, but the atmosphere is dingy and, moreover, they have increasingly become incredibly stingy with portions.  I compare this to Han Dynasty, where I consider the food to be similar but with reasonable portions and nice atmosphere.  Somebody tell me if Rangoon does something about the portions and I'll start coming back.Delicious and reasonably priced! I am gluten free and they were able to accommodate me. 
The restaurant has a nice quiet ambiance and is byob with a corking fee and offers in house wine and beer as well. We enjoyed a bottle of Chardonnay for about $20. 
I enjoyed my meal here and I live close by, so I'll definitely be back!
Also everyone is talking about this thousand layer bread... but the coconut rice is to die for! Also the fermented tea leaf salad!! Get!Loved this place. The shrimp lemon grass soup was awesome! The crab Rangoon wontons were good but not in the top tier of others I have had, but very unique flavor. It's nice and quiet. They leave a pitcher of water on the table which is nice for spicy lovers like me. The jungle chicken was great and was a big portion. They serve their soda out of cans ; ( so no free refills on tap. But overall a great experience.Great food and quick service.  The rolled flatbread was a bit greasy.  I've had better in Chinatown.  The squash soup looked delicious and the entrees were all finished by our party if four.  Reasonable priced with beer and wine only.Good food and decent prices. As the only Burmese restaurant in Philly, I would recommend that you go and give it a shot. If you like spicy food you will most probably love it here. They also recently got their liquor license so not a BYOB anymore but still great food.Hands down one the best restaurants in Philadelphia. The ambiance is casual and relaxed. Food is authentic, and flavorful. It's inexpensive and quick customer service. I order Rangoon at least twice a week if not more, and always bring large parties. I recommend getting the coconut chicken noodle soup, thousand layer bread with potato curry (a little bit spicy) or the coconut chicken curry, lentil fritters, mango salad, and ginger salad. Be prepared to have your mind blown!Loved it! Never had Burmese food before tonight. Asked the waitress for suggestions to experience a traditional Burmese meal and she did not disappoint. Her suggestion for an appetizer was amazing! Definitely try to thousand layer bread while you're here. I had the Burmese noodles and it was great, a good option if you're not into spicy dishes. Would definitely come back!Been going here for many years now - and it's still as good as the first time. The flavors and textures are extraordinary. Our recent meal for 4 was awesome! Like others have said, whatever you order it will be delicious and you will go back again and again. The service has always been above average in promptness and pleasantness. And the prices are very reasonable. Enjoy!This is one of my favorite places to get food from when I want some takeout with variety. The thousand layer bread is amazing, and every dish I've ordered has been delicious. Everyone that I take here with me loves it, too!Like the food here. Just knew that Burmese have a bit different kind of food than other Asian country. I thought it just curry curry & curry. 
Love the Jungle Pork very much!!! 
That's the main reason I like the place. 
Kinda expensive for that portion but it taste different. It smell so yummy! Taste so creamy lemon leaves. Never eat this kind of food!
And the second best food for me is the Tea Leaves Salad! So expensive! But it worth the price! 
The Thousand Layer Bread is nothing special. Malaysian Roti Canai have better taste.I just love Rangoon.  It doesn't matter what I have had there, it is always delicious.  I recommend going for lunch, as the lunch specials are terrific.  The salad comes with a delicious sesame dressing. I have had the Coconut Curry Chicken and the Sweet and Sour chicken.  YOU MUST order the 1000 layer bread with any of the dips.  Just to die for.  Very reasonably priced, lunch specials a steal! Service is also lovely.The thousand layer bread with chicken curry was delicious. Everyone was very friendly and attentive while I stopped in for a quick lunch.I've been here more times than I can count. I can't really vouch for the "Burmeseness" of their cuisine. I've never been to Burma, and I've been been to another Burmese restaurant. Some of the dishes don't seem much different from what you'd find in a Chinese or Thai restaurant. I kind of doubt that Kung Pao chicken is "Burmese", but does it really matter?
In general, the food tastes like a fusion of Chinese and Indian style cooking. Lots of curry. My wife is a devotee of the Jungle tofu, which she says is excellent. I don't really care for green curry, coconut milk, or tofu myself, so I'm not the one to judge that dish.
The Burmese spare ribs, however, are deelicious; especially when you take the sauce that collects at the bottom of the dish and spoon it over some rice. Sweet and spicy, covered with fresh green herbs. I'll come back for it again and again. A+Came here for my birthday many years ago, with my family and we had a magnificent meal!  Everyone was super friendly and they gave us a free dessert because it was my birthday.  I don't recall what we ordered at the time but since it was our first time there, they were kind enough to make some recommendations for us.  Everything was delicious!  Prices are pretty reasonable too. I really miss this place since I moved out of the city :(Wow another new favorite restaurant in Philly. You know it's good when it's all you can think about the following week. I really can't wait to come back.
The thousand layer bread was so tasty with the potato curry/gravy-like sauce. But the highlight were the salads for our group. We couldn't decide between the classic Burmese tea salad vs their renowned award winning water cress salad so we got both! So glad we did as both were very good but the watercress (deep fried!) salad was to die for. The tea salad was surprisingly really comparable to Burma Superstar in California-- and no two hour wait yay!
We got the night market noodles as well as another noodle dish both of which were solid. 
Affordable prices were a huge plus too. I'm tired of over paying for subpar Asian food on the east coast. Such a refreshing and fun meal while exploring a new restaurant. Only downside was the expensive corkage fee for our BYO wine which we ended up opting not to open/pay.Oh my goodness! Rangoon!
You made me eat my words. I was expecting nothing speacial and left completely satisfied. Thank you!
Ordered": Chili Seafood- a spicy(ish) red sauce (ordered medium hot) with tender cooked scallops, shrimp and calamari and TON of finely chopped white onions. 
Mango Fish: Terrific,sweet but very savory. 
Pineapple Fish: Almost similar to a yellow curry dish, pretty great.
Coconut Rice: Not too sweet, perfect compliment to all of the dishes.
PLEASE go there for your birthday dinner. The song they play is amazing to say the least.Got the lunch special: tomato tofu with veg fried rice. It was tasty!
The down-side is it was 70% rice and 30% tofu dish. Since it was only $7.50, I guess I'm fine with that breakdown of rice/tofu. But I thought I should mention it since it is Chinatown and comparable places will give me alot more of the dish and much less of the rice...
Credit card min of $15.First time eating Burmese food. My husband and I loved it. Samosas, rangoons, thousand layer bread with chicken dip, chicken Keema, and country chicken were all excellent! Not everything is spicy so for those with a milder palate, don't be discouraged!Food quality and taste, price, and service all deserve 5 stars! We had the Thousand Layer Bread, which believe me, is to die for.  We also ordered Coconut Chicken Curry with Vegetable Fried Rice and Cabbage Ginger soup. Ahhhh-mazing. I ordered the Rangoon Night Market Noodles, they were perfect. Not spicy, but very flavorful. The sauce that came with my noodles tasted perfect with my thousand layer bread. 
I am so glad I came here, I recommend this restaurant to anyone visiting Chinatown in Philadelphia!I had 2 appetizers The thousand layers bread and the yellow lentil soup and they were GOURMET quality and I was full! Surprisingly the entree was nothing special and I could have gotten that from a street cart! (had a mix vegetable korma of some sort) I would have given it a 5 but I will give it a 3 just because of that. Nice place for a date, ;p liked the colors and the setup. The manager came exactly at 10 and told us they were closed which came off as pretty rude to me.Rangoon is a staple for us. They have decently-priced Burmese food, which I think can be described as a fusion of the more-common Thai and Indian.
I like their Basil Tofu, and Jungle Tofu, and my other-half always gets their Thousand Layer Bread and Curry (its delicious). I don't think I've ever had a dish I don't like. If spicy is your thing, their Chili Tofu is awesome. Whilst I'm not a vegetarian, Rangoon does exceptional tofu. However, most of their dishes come in a poultry, beef, seafood and tofu version (i.e., they also have Jungle and Basil Chicken, Beef and Seafood). Their drinks are also really good (fresh coconut juice is heavenly) and their soup is outstanding. I'm always too full for dessert, but their offerings are typical Thai/Burmese (sweet rice, coconut and mango things etc).
The restaurant is decorated in dark woods, burgundy and gold. Even though there is a lot of seating, each table feels intimate. The restaurant is mostly quiet, but can get a little louder on busy weekend nights, or business lunches, however, it is never "loud." Servers are promt and they always leave a jug of water on the table, which we love!
The restaurant was started by three friends twenty years ago. These friendly, savvy women still run the place: one focuses on the front of house, another focuses on the kitchen, and the third is the main business-person. The three combined have created a fantastic dining experience with a pleasant atmosphere and excellent food.We have been going to Rangoon Burmese for many years. It is always good. Is excellent and the service is very friendly and efficient. That is why we keep coming back. We especially enjoy the salads. and your salad. And don't forget to get some noodles.Amazing.
The owner is soo friendly.
I came here on vday and was not disappointed.
The food was delicious.
The appetizer was so flavorful
Definitely get the thousand layer with curry
I got the jungle chicken and finished it really quick! Lol!It was alright, but not great. The appetizers were nice and for this I give it three stars, but the main meals were oversalted and the chili was used to mask the absence of flavor. Some of the tables are also crunched up against each other, and even though it was empty they concentrated everyone in one area. This may mean you end up hearing the entire conversation of a mid-twenties couple on their first date and you end up jotting down notes in the case of a future book in need of an idiotic dialogue that you could not create otherwise.It's been less than 24hrs since Rangoon and I met... I think my heart finally stopped pounding and the butterflies have subsided, my hands are still a bit clamy though.  I mean I just never thought that I could meet a genuinely nice restaurant . What did little old me do to deserve such a wonderful gift in my life?
All i know is that it makes me want to be a better person, someone who they can be proud of and carry on their legacy with honor.   I was kinda shy when we first met but by the time I had finished my appetizer (thousand layer bread with curry chicken dipping sauce) I knew this was the beginning of a beautiful relationship and we were meant to be in each others lives.  By the time I finished my entree (Basil noodles) I knew that it was the closest thing to love at first bite that I have ever experienced!Really good alternative to those that gone the Banana Leaf route already. The thousand layer bread and chicken curry is a must try. My kids would eat that as their meal if they could. Chili chicken or beef is also a regular favorite for us. Service is the one thing lacking here, but the food will keep you coming back for more.This is really a 3.5, but I'll give them some extra credit after my pleasant visit last night for dinner. After we ordered a new dish that we didn't enjoy, they didn't make us pay for it at all. AWESOME.
Overall, the food is fantastic. I've never had Burmese food outside of this restaurant, so I can't comment on the authenticity. Nothing jumps out as original or unique, but rather seems to pull from several neighboring cuisines. There are noodle/rice dishes, as well as some spicy curries and lemongrass soups.
Start your meal with one of three appetizers...the thousand layer bread, the crispy onions, or the spicy lentil fritters. All have a somewhat distinct flavor, albeit all can little on the oily side. We have enjoyed the bread with the potato curry, but all seem to be good choices.
As for entrees, the jungle tofu and the basil chicken are our favorite dishes. The jungle tofu is a curry-esque dish with a somewhat unique flavor that isn't too spicy. We've also enjoyed the night-market noodles, which have a nice mix of flavors.
Point off for some slightly slow service and a little too much oil from time to time with the appetizers.Authentic Burmese food. The thousand layer bread is incredible. This is a must get. The calamari is good with a light crisp batter. The Burmese noodles are noodles are fresh and tender. Staff are nice enough; professional and efficient. The food is inexpensive and if good quality. I will be returning.Um, can you say "yummy"??
I ate at Rangoon tonight with some friends, two of whom ARE Burmese, so I knew this place was gonna be good.
Honey, we ATE!  We ordered the works, starting with the Asian Tea Leaf salad and the Spring Ginger salad (you want to talk about GOOD?!?).  Both salads were really flavorful and tasty.
Next we ordered Thousand Layer Bread with the Curry Potato dip, which was also very tasty.  Contrary to it's name, the bread is like a thin croissant...all nice and buttery.
For my entree, I ordered the Chili Beef, at the waitress' recommendation (I couldn't decide between the Spicy Kung Pao Beef or the Chili Beef), and it was also really good.  We all shared our food, so I also tasted the Jungle Shrimp (which I'll be ordering next time), one of the soups (I forget which one), as well as one of the noodle dishes, and I was pleased with everything.
For dessert, I had the Farluda, which is a mixture of coconut milk, rice, jello and some sort of custard.  It was really sweet, and I was kind of enjoying it until I got to the custard...I've always hated custard because of its texture.
All in all, I was thoroughly pleased with Rangoon and with my food, and I'll definitely go back.Do you have a place that you associate with a friend?  Rangoon is one of those places for me.  Throughout the several years I have been in Philly, one of my friends and I always somehow ended up here for dinner and ended up talking for hours about life here.
Beside the sappy memories, Rangoon's food is just great.  I've had one or two things that I have not enjoyed, but the majority of the food has been delish.  
My favorites in particular are the tofu in black sauce, kung pao tofu/chicken, and basil noodles.  I can't remember the name of the appetizer I always get (sad, huh?) but it's something fritters that are crunchy and spicy.   The thousand layer bread is really good, but I agree with the people who say it's a bit on the greasy side.  Their tofu appetizer is really good, too.
The staff is also uber nice and remember your face after awhile.  It's like a Burmese-style Cheers.  Not really.
It's a bit pricey compared to the other Chinatown restaurants, but that means main dishes are in the 10-12 price range.This was my first time eating Burmese food. The owner was very friendly and informative and our waiter gave me some great recommendations. Food was delicious. The food is similar to Thai food but with a twist. Unique flavors.It's been a while since I last ate here (on the company dime, no less) but the thought of the tea leaf salad and thousand layer bread still haunts me. Their entrees are all well and good, but between those two and the papaya salad, I'd be fine with an array of appetizers.
Plus, the service is quick and the menu makes for good reading material.We got the steak Kung pao it wasn't bad but it wasn't better than other places in China town. I haven't tried any of their other dishes that seem to be popular so maybe just get those.I loved the Thousand Layer bread, Crispy Taro root, Asian tea leaf salad and chicken w/ pickled cabbage.   The Rangoon house salad was fresh, but the dressing didn't seem to fit.  The tofu green curry and sauteed fresh mushrooms were well cooked, but otherwise unremarkable.
I don't know exactly what distinguishes Burmese cuisine from its other southeast Asian counterparts, but the menu carried alot of dishes popular at Thai restaurants.  Based on what my party ordered, I would recommend going to a Thai place for a Thai dish.
The service at the restaurant was prompt and friendly.  Some people may find it tacky, but I really appreciate that they left us a pitcher of water.Thousand layer bread and coconut curry chicken were excellent. Most customers were clearly regulars and the staff welcomed them like family.I can't understand less than a 5 star for this place. My second favorite place in Philly! Everything is good. Service is nice. Decor nice. And the prices are reasonable, except for the lunch menu which is unreasonably CHEAP. I love this place and have eaten here a lot.
Best dishes: wow, this is tough. My favorite is the Chili chicken. It's just amazing. Second favorite is everything in the basil sauce. Yum. And make sure you've tried the thousand layer bread (I prefer it with potato curry option).
Go to Rangoon!Came here at 7pm on Sunday and the place was practically empty; just my group of four and another table of three. We ordered family style so that we could try more dishes; a few were quite good, a few average, and a few not great at all. The restaurant itself is clean and nicely decorated, and the staff are courteous, but the service is slow, the portions are small, and the food is underwhelming.
We got: Thousand Layer Bread w/Curry Chicken (+ an extra order of Thousand Layer Bread), Glass Noodle & Mushroom Soup, Coconut Galanga Soup, Jungle Chicken, Chili Shrimp, Burmese Spare Ribs, and Northern Burmese Noodles. 
The Thousand Layer Bread w/Curry Chicken was really good - very similar to Roti Canai (Malaysian) except the bread is crispier and more oily. The Chili Shrimp was also really great - spiced perfectly - but it came only with 5 small pieces of shrimp, which for $16 dollars is a bit steep. 
The mushroom soup was really salty and the coconut galanga tasted like lightly flavored coconut milk. The Jungle chicken was pretty good, it tasted a lot like Thai green curry, less spiced, but again, the portion was very small for it being dinner. The noodles were also okay, nothing special or memorable about them really (they were similar to drunken noodles but less flavorful). The Burmese Spare ribs I didn't like at all. The sauce it came in was odd, perhaps just a flavor I'm not used to, and the ribs weren't cooked very well: they were really fatty and quite dry. 
I don't think I'll be back, but if I do I'd get only the thousand layer bread w/curry chicken and some kind of protein in the chili sauce.I've been going to Rangoon for several years now, so this isn't a one time thing. The atmosphere of the restaurant is nothing special, but that's about where the mediocrity ends. The food has a very "home cooking" element to it, both in presentation and taste, which has made it something of a comfort food for me. If you've never had burmese food, the easiest way to describe it is that it has many elements of thai food but with subtle but profound differences in flavor-- like if thai and indian food had babies on a tropical island. I've yet to have anything here that I downright didn't like, though favorites are the banana leaf fish and jungle- anything.This place is amazing.  Thank you to the lady for introducing me to it.  I come every time when in Philly.  Who would think Burmese food is off the charts.  Well, it is here at least.  My favorite? Festival rice (Biryani).  The 1000 bread is great too.  As is the tea leaf salad.  As is the beef curry.  As is the samosa.  Just go already.  Price is even more than reasonable.We ended up here on a Friday night with a very large group of 12. I have never had Burmese food before and so I was a little apprehensive, but i stuck with a few recommended dishes and had a great dinner! 
The thousand layer bread (ubiquitous in every review) was delicious. For a newbie, like me, I would describe it like phyllo pastry. Crispy and thin. The vatana dip was amazing - great flavor and topped with crispy onions. The kung pao shrimp had terrific flavor and the sauce was awesome, but despite the menu mark, was not spicy at all.  Their house Chardonnay was actually pretty decent (and a steal for the price). 
This is a great place for big groups who are looking for somewhere inexpensive to eat in Chinatown. The menu has something for everyone and it's cheap!This is an amazing Burmese restaurant.  If you come here, and you like spicy, the Crispy Watercress Salad is a must.  It is like nothing you have ever had, and makes a great start to a meal. We get this EVERY TIME we eat here.  This visit, I had the Okra with beef.  It was a very flavorful dish.  They do serve beer and wine, and plum wine!!!I've been to Rangoon many times over the years, and the Thousand Layer Bread (TLB) with Curry Chicken Sauce is one of my favorite things in Philadelphia.  This dish alone has made me a loyal Rangoon customer over the years.
This visit on a Thursday night was a disappointment, however. Along with the TLB, I ordered the Coconut Curry Chicken, described as "marinated chicken, potatoes, cooked in a coconut curry sauce."  I've had this before.  It's freakin' delicious.  Tonight... it was pathetic.  The chicken had a slightly "off" smell, it certainly wasn't marinated in anything.  There were potatoes, yes there were... two individual bite size pieces of potato, but that's it, two little pieces.  And the "coconut curry sauce"... well, clearly, *CLEARLY* it did not have any coconut, coconut milk, coconut cream, or anything having to do with coconut in it.  You might say this was a coconut-less coconut curry.  Very disappointing.  I got the idea that the person who prepared this dish was not the regular cook, but somebody covering who really did not know what they were doing.
Finally, the service was *terrible*.  Me and my friend were the only customers in the restaurant (should have been a hint).  Yet, our business there was secondary to local friends stopping by with kids to chit-chat, and the wait staff person (there was only one) simply sitting in the corner on their cell phone the entire time.  
I've eaten here many times before and loved it.  After this evening, hmmm, it's gonna be a while before I go back, if ever.  There are better options out there.  Sorry, Rangoon... I'm breaking up with you, it's time for us both to move on.Thousand Layer Bread with Chicken Curry is Delicious!  I'll admit I walked by the restaurant a few times and didn't think to try it until I read the good reviews on yelp. This restaurant serves Burmese cuisine which is very similar to Malaysian restaurants in the area.  I would recommend Rangoon to someone wanting to try something different from Chinese food.  I'll definitely be back for more Thousand Layer Bread. 
Note: Along with the Thousand Layer Bread I had Chicken with Basil which was good. Restaurant was clean and service was good.I couldn't help scratching my head upon leaving Rangoon because I read so many good reviews. This restaurant, unfortunately, did not meet the hype.
Burmese food is a fusion of Chinese, Indian, and Thai. As much as I love all three, I'm sad to say I enjoyed the experience of trying out this new cuisine way more than the actual food itself. It is however worth noting that the staff members were very warm and friendly. 
If you are set on going, I recommend: 
- The jungle chicken (definitely my favorite - it was very tasty)
- Thousand Layer Bread with BBQ Beef  (our hot potato dip had a strand of hair which was kinda gross but it wouldn't have affected my 3 star overall rating)
- Coconut Galanga Soup (flavorful and delicious! It was like a sauce in a Thai food entree)
I had the following also but they were just OKAY for my taste:
- Glass noodle and mushroom soup 
- Burmese spare ribs (the sauce and veggies were spicy and had a very stange almost nauseating smell but if you keep eating, you might like it)
- Northern Burmese noodle (meh.. I had something similar before.. it was weird because it was tasteless but spicy at the same time - if that makes sense)
Come here if you're like me who's on a mission to try out as many different cuisine as possible (there are very few Burmese restaurants in the region apparently). Otherwise, please note that this is not an out-of-this-world spectacular restaurant that deserves to be on top of your list.It was good!  It was my first time to try Burmese food.  It was not as great as I expected from the reviews (nor for the price), but I enjoyed it.
1000 layer bread (with spicy potato dip): For all the raves about this dish, I was really underwhelmed.  The dip was overwhelming.  The bread was nice on it's own (a slightly sweet flavor that was invisible with the dip), but a bit to thin / overcooked in places (so overly crispy, rather than a uniform soft/toasted texture).  Imagine the difference between a toasted soft tortilla and a tortilla chip--for bread, I prefer the toasted soft tortilla texture :)
Jungle chicken: just ok, nothing really notable to me.  Chicken was the recommended meat when I asked; as with most places, it was overcooked.
Banana leaf fish: by far the best dish we had.  The sauce / curry was very flavorful, and the texture of the breaded fish was wonderful to start.  Over time, the sauce soaked into the batter, and perhaps they left the skin on and it started to come off, because by the end the texture was a bit slimy.
The service was perfect--basically invisible so that I could enjoy the company of a good friend! :)My family and I ate here lots of times and  we were never disappointed. Great food, fast and friendly service. 
I'm not sure if there are other Burmese restaurants  in Philadelphia, but this one is a winner.
Happy eating!When we were in Philly, my husband and I were looking for yummy place to eat. Rangoon came up during our Yelp search, having never had Burmese food before, we decided to give it a try. Our food was delicious! We had the thousand layer bread with chicken sauce, Shan noodle and a beef curry dish. Best meal in Philly so far :)This is my absolute my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia, and by far the most underrated, but that's kind of ok because it's never too crowded and we always get a table right away! I've been going here since I was little, for about 10 years. I'be gone here for graduation dinners, going away dinners, birthday dinners etc because I love it so much... The people are so nice and the food is the best. We ALWAYS get thousand layer bread, it comes with curries and lentils but if you just get the plain thousand layer bread, I suggest getting a side of peanut sauce! They have the best peanut sauce i've ever had, I could eat that stuff by itself.The country chicken is probably my favorite. I am never ever disappointed with Rangoon, it's always a treat to go there!Outstanding food! We had the fried watercress, thousand layer bread, kung pao shrimp, spicy chicken, and inlay fish.  Everything was delicious.  The service was great, we got our food very quickly, and there was more an enough for everyone. 
Additionally, my fiance  has Celiac, and they took very good care of him.  He couldn't have the bread, but he could have most of the other things, and had no issues with gluten.  They were very knowledgeable and very careful! We would rush back in a second visit!I'll eat anything but will only give praise when deserved ie I'm picky. This place is authentic and fresh. Food is presented very nicely. I've only ever ordered delivery so would imagine dining in would be such a treat.Perhaps we ordered the wrong items, but I was really disappointed. The service was sub-par, and the food was average Chinese - nothing special or unique as I had hoped. We had the coconut curry chicken and the mango shrimp. The latter tasted mostly like sweet & sour from any Chinese restaurant. It was certainly edible and not necessarily offensive, but not fantastic either.I have been to Rangoon a couple of times. The food and the service have been consistent. 
Its an interesting place, where you can eat Burmese food as well as Chinese and Thai, I believe. 
They have a wide selection of hearty and delicious soups that make such a good starter for this freezing weather. Their curry dishes are, for the most part, very good, and so is the thousand layer bread. I also particularly enjoy their coconut flavored dishes. 
The only complaint I have is that some dishes can be a bit too oily for my taste and stomach.
I would recommend this restaurant. Yes, I would certainly go back.Tasty food. I felt it was close to Indian food with all those spices in the dishes. Will definitely recommend!I really liked this place on my one visit there. The service was fine. I ordered chicken and vegetables in a coconut sauce and found it really satisfying. Price was only $12+ after the taxes. Granted, this review is only based on one visit so take it for what it's worth. But I intend to go back there.Food real good and the place is do nice
My wife and I like foods here. 
The service is great.I've passed Rangoon a bunch of times and even went there with my family years ago. It had been so long ago, that it was almost like trying it for the first time. I ordered the Mango Salad and the coconut tofu.
First came the mango salad, it was very colorful, slivers of green mango mixed with red onion, cilantro, sesame seeds and fried onions on top. I definitely have to make this at home! it was so good! Light but filling and all the different tastes melted together perfectly! Then came the coconut tofu.
A beautiful plate of tofu, cauliflower and carrots in a light orange peach colored coconut curry sauce. I pretty much love coconut milk with anything and I'm also a huge fan of curry, so I knew this couldn't be bad! Luckily my instincts were right, because it was awesome! I only need a little bit of rice to balance the flavors, but honestly if i did without the rice it would have been just as good.
Unfortunately my friend Moe didn't have the same luck as I did.
He ordered the Chopped Watercress Salad and Curried Potatoes. I pictured the watercress salad to be more on the raw side with radish or another crispy vegetable and a really good dressing, but instead it was a a thick mixture of watercress, fried tofu and cabbage and carrots in a super sweet sauce that was somehow all cooked together.
I wouldn't say it was horrible but a couple of bites was all I needed. The potatoes would have been excellent had they not been by themselves in the curried sauce. A little boring for my taste and really spicy. They would have been great mixed with a darker green vegetable or even Broccoli, instead of just potatoes by themselves.
I'm definitely coming back to try more Burmese food! Hopefully my choices will be as good as this time.The food is quite good, but nothing extraordinary. The crabmeat dumplings were good, and the pork with mango curry as well. Not spicy enough though!I came here with my sisters and my boyfriend on Sept 4th. My boyfriend and I split the bill using both our credit cards that came out to $19 each. This was the only time in Philly my boyfriend and I used our cards together.
The next day when I checked my transactions, I see a charge of $18 from Apple's iTunes in Philly. My boyfriend had the exact same charge on his account. We never, and I repeat, never bought anything from iTunes or even did anything closely related to Apple while visiting this city. It was obvious that the waiter who took our cards had used it for other purposes. As I stated before, paying our dinner bill was the ONLY time my boyfriend and I used our cards together. 
This is completely disappointing to me. We reported the fraud charges to our cc company and currently disputing the charges. I really liked the food here too but what the hell was the waiter thinking? Where is the integrity in this?Delicious, authentic-tasting Burmese food at a reasonable price. We visited around 6 PM on a Wednesday night, and it wasn't crowded at all - certainly quiet enough to chat softly. The thousand-layer bread and jungle tofu were quite tasty. Would definitely eat again!I cannot recommend Rangoon highly enough. I've not only never had a bad meal here; I've never had a single meal that wavered from the high quality food and efficient and friendly service that I've come to expect from this wonderful, family owned restaurant. 
1) It's a great place to bring a mix of vegetarians, vegans, and omnivores, as every has extensive options.
2) The food is always fresh and delicious, made well, and in generous portions without being absurdly big.
3) I would go for their young coconut juice alone. Nothing like that bland Vita-Coco crap you get in a can or juice box; you know they're in the back with a machete pouring this out of a fresh, young coconut. To die for.
I do hope that they eventually add delivery service.Great food. mmmm.
It wasn't as spicy as I thought it would be. The menu had all the spicy items in a bold red font. Maybe that made me think it would be hotter.
We hung out for a while, and the staff was attentive, but didn't push us out. They weren't that crowded, but did have a rotating group of patrons.
Even with all the other places to eat in China town, this is becoming my favorite.The thousand layer bread. Wish they had a bigger size order of that because I can eat that all day!Rangoon is my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia! I've eaten here a million times and I've always had a great experience. The owners and servers are very warm and attentive. The food is amazing and reasonably priced. 
I'm a vegetarian so I've tried a lot of their veggie options. Here are my favorites
Burmese Tofu Salad and Asian Tea Leaf Salad: Light, fresh with lots of sweet and salty flavors going on.
Thousand Layer Bread with Curry Potato Sauce: So good. The sauce is available as a full entree too (Spicy Curry Potato).
Spicy Green Beans with Tofu: Spicy but quite different from the Chinese/Schezuan dish that I'm also obsessed with. 
Coconut Tofu: This is yummy. Milder than a coconut curry but still delicious.
Northern and Southern Burmese Noodles: If you ask they can make most of the noodle dishes vegetarian.
The only dish I haven't liked here is the Mango Tofu which is just too sweet for my tastes.Great food.  Had chili chicken entree and shrimp lemongrass soup. The entree was so flavorful with just the right amount of spice. Will definitely come back!Amazing. Many things in common with Thai food, but still different. The shrimp lemongrass soup and thousand layer bread (curry potato dip) were incredible. I also live that I didn't have to request spicy, yet it was still spicy. Delish. Definitely will be back.Burmese food can be so flavorful. Dishes are touched with the essences of Chinese, Thai, and Indian cuisines; yet the fusion of it all manifests Burmese cooking special and unique. I like it.
Rangoon has a voluminous menu so choosing the components of your meal can take a while. I order a Singha beer and good ole Bri goes for a Kingfisher. Both go so well with the gorging in store.
Since we favor the hotter and spicier foods of the world, we stick with the red star selections, though we've been all over this menu.
For starters, we definitely prefer the thousand-layer bread with potato to the chicken version. The potato curry is a little spicier and, to me, is just tastier. As others have noted, the thousand layer bread tends to retain some oil, so though thin and soft, it can feel a bit heavy and greasy at times. 
Lentil "firecracker" fritters are little fried cakes of ground lentils, chiles, mint and scallions. Paired with tangy tamarind dipping sauce, these are a lovely little snack. Perfect with a nice Singha, I tell you!
At Rangoon one, such as myself, could completely have a multi-appetizered meal alone. In fact, I seem to enjoy the appetizers here the most. More than the entrees, really. There are also the samosa-y "golden triangles," and the "crispy Burmese tofu," after all. 
The crispy tofu isn't the white soybean tofu that might immediately spring to mind when the word, "tofu," is mentioned. Burmese style tofu, we discovered, is made from yellow lentils. It's somewhat grainy and when fried it's almost like the consistency of crispy-fried polenta cakes. Kind of. If we order the thousand-layer bread with potato curry, I like to dip these little fried tofu pieces in that sauce as well... I also drizzle drops and drops of chile oil over them too. 
All starters aren't fried, fried, and fried though. Rangoon's salads are freshy, tangy deliciousness. The spring ginger salad is shredded gingery (of course) cabbage, peanuts, sesame, herbs, fried shallots and lime. It's topped with crumbles of dried shrimp. The tea leaf salad is very tasty too and very similarly dressed. Tea leaf salad, very good stuff.
On our most recent visits to Rangoon, we've gone more of the variety of snacks route. We stop in for some apps and beers and then we're on our way, but we've also gotten down with some entrees and noodles in the past.
Rangoon house noodles are spicy flat rice noodles served with an interesting mix of minced chicken, onions, tomatoes, all combined with what's described as a "red bean sauce." A-OK. "Burmese chicken lo mein," is very similar, though of course this dish features lo-meiny noodles. I'm more partial to these two noodle stylins versus the "Basil noodle," even though I'm am basil fiend. 
Though the "Night Market Noodles," are not hot and spicy at all, I'll add these to my tasty noodle list. They're garlicky egg noodles topped with pork and scallions. Yeah, we've hit up some noodles. 
I've been ramblin too long here, so I'll add at this point, that of all the many, many entrees Chili beef would have to be our favorite. Bell peppers, onions, and beef are stir-fried up in a hot chile garlic sauce. Tasty, tasty business.
I have to admit that some visits have been better than others. Some dishes are better than others; sometimes inconsistent. The fact that we return and that there are still selections that we want to try is a good sign, I think. Service is very pleasant and attentive. Rangoon is definitely worth a try. I DO wish that they'd have a little music playing or something... Sometimes it's strangely quiet! 
There IS the chance that I wish there was more background noise just so that no one would hear me singing old Mission of Burma songs, but that's just me liking themes and being a dummy.This was my first time eating burmese food. It is a gem in Philly Chinatown. Many other locations can be loud with brash wait staff. Not at Rangoon. The staff was ever so polite and smiling. The helped us choose a mango salad, fried lotus root, and chicken satay. Some kitchen confusion resulted in a papaya salad as well as a mango salad brought to the table. Then entrees of a cold noodle dish and beef curry. The food was milder than both Thai and Indian, a surprise as the country is smack in between these cultures. I will gladly return to try new dishes at Rangoon.The thousand layer bread with curry potato sauce for dipping was amazing. I also recommend the Burmese Samosas. The onion pea soup was delicious. If you're vegetarian you will love this place!This past Saturday, myself, and 30 of my closest friends, came to Rangoon for a birthday dinner. The food was amazing, and the staff was so friendly and accommodating for our large group. I had the Pagan Beef and shared chicken friend rice. Every dish was made correctly, and the service was awesome. The staff even played Happy Birthday for our group on the sound system. One of the workers even took a video for us as we sung. I will definitely be back to Rangoons for another good time!Rangoon is supposed to be one of the best Burmese restaurants around, and can supposedly compete with NYC (although no one's overflowing with Burmese joints). I had been looking forward to this visit a lot.
This was just a quick lunch stop, and Rangoon is a perfect place for such a trip. They provide good, amazingly fast service. We were in and out in under 45 minutes. The atmosphere is similar to many Chinatown restaurants. I went with a traditional Burmese dish. Overall, Burmese food is more chewy and messy than the rest of south east asia. It's more like the cuisine of northern Thailand, which makes sense when you look at it geographically.
The food is spicy, in a slow steady way that sticks with you. I loved it. My dish had large floppy noodles with shrimp, chicken and bean sprouts. It was all served with a light glaze over everything, which made the dish. I would recommend one of the noodle or rice dishes, although there are many other (chinese, ect) "regular" offerings. On another trip, I would like to try some of the traditional appetizers.
Bottom Line: Rangoon is definitely a good stop in Chinatown, especially for their lunch special. But I think I prefer other restaurants and Asian foods (especially dim sum!). Nonetheless, this spot is definitely worth checking out. It's good food, and a great way to get some variety on your plate.Pretty good restaurant for the price. Food came out piping hot and tasted fresh. 
thousand layer pancake with chicken curry: a bit greasy but flavorful
chicken satay: tender. Loved the peanut sauce. 
northern burmese noodle: not too spicy but had a little kick to it. 
mango sticky rice is a pass though.Some of the best Burmese food I have ever had!  So cheap and delicious!  The fried watercress salad was amazing- get it!Restaurant propre.
Accueil et service acceptable malgr l'heure tardive et la fermeture proche.
Cuisine abondante et correcte.I have passed this place about a million times over the last five years I've worked in Chinatown & it just never looked very inviting. When a client recommended it as a lunch meeting destination, I was a bit hesitant. I must say, I was pleasantly surprised. The decor is simple but interesting and offers a relaxed setting in a typically loud & bustling part of the city. 
The menu is huge and has plenty to offer for meat lovers and vegetarians alike. I tried the tomato tofu rice dish on a recommendation and loved it. It was very flavorful with a spicy kick without being overwhelming. I was so pleased that I have since brought my coworkers back for a second round & gave the potato curry dish a spin...it was equally as satisfying, even to a meat lover like myself.
Portions are reasonably large. I recommend checking out their lunch specials which are very modestly priced around $6.50-$8.50 and include a salad (which comes with a sesame dressing which is very unique and extremely tasty) or soup along with your entree.
Definitely a big thumbs up to this Chinatown gem.Typically,  I go to Banana Leaf when I am in Philadelphia. On this trip, I traded off Malaysia for Burma. The food was good, the server was extremely friendly, and the prices were competitive with many of the other Southeast Asian restaurants in the area.I picked up take out from Rangoon on my first trip to Chinatown. The restaurant was 15 minutes from closing but still had a few people in it on a Friday night and the staff was very friendly.
The thousand layer bread with curry is great, I could have just gotten two of those and been very happy. I ordered the North Burmese Noodles as well, and they were tasty and the lime really enhanced the plate but it wasn't super memorable, and didn't fill the takeout container, so they're too small to be eaten alone. I think they would've been better if I'd remembered to ask for them to be accurately spicy, but for the portion they should be a smidge cheaper.Always great here. There is a such a great array of selections here. My favorites include crispy Taro Root, Curry Beef, Chicken Keema, Spring Ginger salad. I have noticed that portion size has decreased in recent years and the interior could use an update. I also believe some of the negative reviews are first-timers who may be expecting a different type of cuisine (perhaps expecting flavors to be more in-line with Chinese?).
I gave the review 4 stars but that is only because I would like to see the decor refreshed (not a fan of carpeting in a restaurant). The food really is rocking - definitely still a "go to" place for me.This is one of the first Burmese restaurants in the country, and it is wonderful. Great food and friendly hospitality. The lunch special is also very affordable. My favorite is the coconut curry chicken. The spicy potato curry is also delicious, but it is extremely spicy hot. Also be sure to try the jello crunch ice for dessert. It's a very unique treat with crushed peanuts on top.
I've also been to Burma Superstar in the Bay Area, but I like the food and hospitality at this place better. At Burma Superstar, three of us had to wait out in the cold for 90 minutes to get a table, which was miserable. At Rangoon, you most likely won't have to wait at all, especially if you go during the week day. On holidays like Christmas, however, Rangoon is very busy, so be sure to call in advance.Solid, if unspectacular. Basil noodles were good, reminded me a lot of drunken noodles. Wifey + a friend both had the Northern burmese noodle which was decent. A lot of Yelpers recommended the thousand layer bread, but honestly it's basically that frozen green onion pancake that you can get at any asian supermarket albeit with a delicious curry sauce.I went in a group of four on the recommendation from a friend. Overall, the food was ok but not great, but maybe I ordered the wrong things.
Atmosphere was typical Asian restaurant...a little on the nice side.
Service was good. We were a slow table and they let us take our time. It might've been frustrating if we were in a hurry. They also left a pitcher of water on the table which I prefer.
Food was hit or miss. We got the thousand layer thing which was great. I got the mango shrimp which was WAY too sweet. I tried some of the dishes of my friends and they were good but nothing mind-blowing. 
Overall a decent experience. I would come back if someone else wants to go, but I wouldn't go out of my way.I totally heart you.
I've been going to Rangoon for a while and though my lazy ass isn't making enough efforts to go there as often as I should, it still has a special place in my heart. I couldn't have enough of their thousand layer bread appetizer and coconut curry chicken. yum.yum.yum!
I've tried other things on the menu but I have to say, Rangoon totally got the curry down right. How can I resist curry that actually smells nice not like somebody's BO? On top of that, it's so cheap! 
Plus it's very clean and the waitstaff are very accommodating and friendly.The go-to spot for Burmese food in Philly. The style is south-east Asian, somewhat similar to what you'd find in a Thai restaurant, but with some subtle differences. Generally the entrees here are winners, and the portion sizes modest, so if you see something on the menu that sounds good, it's safe to go for it. Some of my favorites: Burmese fish, okra, and the thousand layer bread (appetizer).**worth a 25 minute trip**
I had never had Burmese food before, but I was told it was a mix between Indian and Thai styles (both of which I LOVE!), so I was totally game to experiment! Rangoon is in the Chinatown section of Philly very close to the Troc. It looks like a hole in the wall, and sadly people might pass it by. 
The food is great! We over ordered in anticipation of excellence so we'd have lots of leftovers for lunch this week! I believe the most expensive dish we ordered was $12 so cost is not prohibitive to getting a good taste around the menu. 
Based on other reviews on Yelp we tried the 1000 layer bread with potato curry dip, firecracker lentil fritters, the jungle chicken, beef with pickled cabbage, and northern Rangoon noodles. The bread is very similar to what you'd expect if you ordered Naan but the curry potato dip was absolutely divine, unique, and unexpected. We will definitely order this time and time again. The beef with pickled cabbage was my favorite and I'm salivating just thinking about eating the leftovers later tonight! My girlfriend liked the Rangoon noodles best (they were a very very close second for me). They also had an Indian beer, King Fisher, which I'd never had, in addition to Singha (a great Thai beer), Tsing Tao, and Sapporo. I love Asian beers. 
The service is genuine and attentive - the waitstaff really seemed to appreciate that we were eating at their establishment. 
Note if you like spicy food and are also visibly American - you MUST tell them that you want it Burmese spicy. 
This is a great place to bring a bunch of people who love Asian food. We've already started making plans for a return trip.OMG!! I've been wanting to try Burmese food for a long time. It was well worthy the wait! I had Burmese Tea Leaf Salad, Tofu Salad (Burmese tofu is made out of lentils, and are delightful), and mango pork curry with rice. All the dishes were full of flavor, and left you wanting more. It was all I could do not to overeat. I don't know about their other dishes, but you'll love these!I'd make the 2 hour drive to Philly just to go to Rangoon.  The potato curry dip and the lentil fritters are delicious.  It's easy to see why this place is always packed.Pretty okay! Kinda oily for my taste, but place smells heavenly. I would try again, and avoid the mango chicken.Rangoon is a gem on the outskirts of Chinatown that should not be ignored.  Seriously, go... RUN there.
The thousand layer breads are worth the trip alone... especially the curry potato dipping sauce and vetana bean varieties.  The coconut chicken curry was one of the most flavorful dishes I've had in a long time.  
The ambiance leaves a little to be desired, but if I were to go somewhere just for the ambiance I'm pretty sure I'd never leave my house.  The price points are right up my (cheap-ass) alley and you get a whole lot of bang for your little buck.  
I definitely plan on bringing the whole family to Rangoon ASAP.Visited: 02.26.2016
First time trying Burmese cuisine and was happy that I tried! I really enjoyed their food! Actually reminds me of Malaysian food and Indonesian food. We ordered the 1000 layer bread with curry chicken sauce and Burmese spare ribs! The 1000 layer bread was great! Very similar to Roti Canai (Malaysian food that is also an appetizer). The Burmese spare ribs was delicious as well. The only downside was that it was spicy! I wish I had known in advance! So be prepared for all the spice if you are interested in trying their spare ribs!Oh man, this was a great lunch. Coworkers and I decided to give this a try after seeing good reviews online. We were not disappointed! We started with an order of thousand-layer bread, which has a consistency like a slightly thicker European pancake or crepe, but savory. A dipping sauce would have been great, but they seemed a little overpriced, adding an extra $3 to the cost of the bread. I had the Burmese street noodles (garlic sauce and pork) and they were incredible! The portion was great; just enough without leaving me feeling overstuffed. Believe me, I would have eaten a much larger portion just based on taste. My friends had the Rangoon house noodles and the lemon chicken, respectively, and both loved them. Service was very friendly and the food came out quickly. We'll definitely be back again! Can't wait to try the lemongrass soup and another noodle dish.Fantastic authentic Burmese cuisine! I lived in Yangon for a few months and it's near impossible to find authentic Asian food in the Philadelphia area. I can't wait to go back.
I'd suggest exploring the menu. It may look repetitive, but everything has a great flavor. I shared four or five dishes with my table and loved everything.Great place! We walked over from the Flower Show and were not disappointed.
*Plenty of Vegetarian options. I had the Vegetable Monsoon. It was very flavorful and absolutely the right amount of food.
*Thousand Layer Coconut cake for dessert - great blend of salty and sweet, and I'm not usually a fan of coconut.
The only thing we didn't like was the "Mango Salad". We're not sure where the mango flavor was -- we had to confirm that they brought us the right thing -- and it was waaay too salty.
Otherwise, nice joint. Plenty of room.Great foods and service.. Came here during lunch time and they have lunch specials. Asian tea leaf salad a must try dish...