We ordered take out one night, feeling Thai, not really sure where to go, and found this place and saw the good reviews. I tried to order fresh spring rolls, but they didn't have them, so I got coconut chicken soup- which was very good! I ordered red chicken curry and my husband got drunken noodles with shrimp. Both were so boring, and for $15 a piece we were both disappointed. We both also requested spicy and neither of us got it. It seems like other dishes might be better, but we most likely won't go back again. Sorry, Ratchada, we wanted to like you.Ordered delivery today which arrived on time and still hot. Spring rolls, beef drunken noodles, and chicken satay. Everything was delicious and the portion sizes are generous.Very good food, the place was empty when we visited.  Service was quick enough, and they provided some recommendations.
I started with the Laotian onion soup.  Very tasty, with a lot of vegetables, I would order this again.  I also tasted the tulip dumpling, which wasn't exactly what I expected, but the flavor and sauce that went with it were both good.
For my meal I had the Hor Mok Laos with salmon.  This is a fish stew, and was very flavorful without smelling too heavily of fish.  While the broth/sauce was thin, adding the rice made it almost a solid.  Very tasty, I'd order this again.Food: 3.5
Decor: 4
Ambiance: 3
Service: 3.5
Value: 4
Prices are reasonable, and its made even better because it is a BYOB. There is a nice atmosphere that usually is lacking in a suburban strip mall Thai restaurant. Would definitely consider a return visit.I made the mistake of ordering from here through eat24 via the Yelp ap. Delivered cold 40 minutes late, after the already long delivery time. Delivery time said 45-60 mintutes; was  about 2 hours. The green curry had nice spice but dry chicken. They clearly skimped on the amount and quality of chicken as well as the accompanying vegetables (and even the rice--who does that). I got a cool 10% off (are you kidding?) when I called to find out if I should give up on the order. I also attempted to call the restaurant but they did not pick up. In addition to the absurd wait time, I spent another 17 minutes on the phone. Waste of time and huge disappointment if you are looking for solid Thai food.I got the veggie drunken noodles and buddha dumplings and it was yummy! Warning: The Thai chilly spice level is actually very very spicy and i loved it :DFood is excellent, service is just ok- only because it is super slow. I love the panang curry. The lunch specials are excellent too :). I loved cafe de Laos and was really upset when I found out they weren't there but this place is great. The decor also looks much better than before. I'd give it five stars if they could speed it up a bit!Love this place! The food is excellent, the service is always on point and the ambience is lovely. The prices are very reasonable and the takeout is just as good as in the restaurant. Highly recommended. This is my go to place when I'm craving Thai.Ratchada is a rare gem, and it's conveniently located in my Bella Vista/South Philly 'hood. The owners and servers are super gracious, accommodating and friendly (shout-out to co-proprietor Jip and server Ben (a woman). They were so kind and sweet, I decided on the spot to hold my birthday party there. The decor is lovely, and the food is sublime. Loved my Drunken Noodles. Ratchada is very veg and vegan friendly. The desserts are super yummy and homemade. Do NOT miss the Thai Tea Cheesecake, out of this world! The vegan Sticky Rice and Mango was delicious too. Love, love, love this place.I've been to Ratchada several times and have thoroughly enjoyed everything I've ordered.  The dining room is gorgeous and cozy, very warm atmosphere with beautiful table coverings and handmade aprons on the servers.  The staff, including the chef, have all been so helpful and friendly.  If you like doing lunch or are looking for an affordable way to try the place out, they offer a great lunch deal that includes a bowl of soup and a main course for $7.95.  You really can't go wrong.  It's a byob so you could enjoy your favorite bottle from home or the liquor store down the street if you feel so inclined.  
Something very important to me is how accommodating the chef has been to my gluten-free needs.  I brought in a small bottle of gluten free tamari/soy sauce on my second visit and he was able to prepare pretty much anything I wanted from the menu. Even without that sauce, there were more than enough options on the menu (as they were or adjusted to meet my needs) and my meal on the first visit was delicious.  Even if you don't have a food allergy, it's good to know that the chef is so knowledgeable about and skilled with food.  
The coconut milk soup is lovely!  I'm afraid I can't comment on their other soups because I love it too much to order a different one.  I immediately appreciated the obvious freshness of the ingredients.  The Ratchada madness is the last dish I  ate there and I think it's now my favorite.  Something interesting that I have discovered is pepper.  Yes, fresh pepper still bunched together.  I hadn't thought about the condition of pepper before it was a dried peppercorn being loaded into my pepper mill.  Well, these tender green fruits on the vine are amazing; what a fun flavor burst!This place is a wonderful hidden gem and it has become my favorite thai place in philly.
Entering the restaurant from washington ave is like walking into a Thai oasis filled with elephant sculptures and intricate tapestries. It feels more authentic than you would expect, given the neighborhood.
The tom kha soup is just right- not too sweet, spiced perfectly, and filled with the right amount of fresh veggies. The spring rolls are crisp and delicious. The penang curry is addictive- I ordered it with coconut rice. I also recommend the "Lovely Eggplant" dish.
The chefs clearly take great care in the presentation of each dish, and the portions are generous.
The service was great- though I must say the restaurant has been pretty empty the few times I have been so far, probably because people were scared away by the old management and haven't rediscovered it yet!As we all know, good Thai food is relatively difficult to find in Philadelphia.  I recently decided to take a chance on Ratchada and boy am I glad that I did.  
Highlights include a cozy interior with elephants to spare, attentive and friendly staff, delicious pad Thai/drunken noodle/coconut milk soup/beef salad/Thai crepes, and perhaps most importantly, it is BYOB. I have already been back a second time and I plan on making this a regular dine out location for my friends and myself.  Do yourself and your taste buds a favor, try this place.Place is very quiet and beautiful, but the food quality not so much, this place is pretty pricey and has small portions. I had the fried calamari as my appetizer, which was very sweet and drenched in the sweet and sour sauce. I had the Pad Thai as my entree. It was alright, I had better for cheaper. And had some of the Pad Si Ew, which was my least favorite. It did not look appetizing. It was served on a very big plate, with the food served all on one side of the big plate. The eggs were cooked in a way such that it looked like paste or non existent. Small portions and lots of unfinished food, just didn't enjoy the food. Overall, was not pleased with the foods. Reviews and pictures are very convincing on Yelp but I felt mehhh...Came to eat dinner the other day.  The service was wonderful.  The waiter was very nice and very attentive.  The atmosphere is very nice also.  The food was just ok.  We had the chicken satay- the chicken was too lightly cooked for me.   I'm iffy about chicken and think it should be cooked further...at least browning it more.  The chicken satay was very good though.  Moist and flavorful.  We had the Lao's appetizer.  The only thing I liked was the salad .  Everything else was very mediocre.  I ordered the Drunken noodles.  It was way too salty and sweet.  I couldn't even eat the noodles.  All I ate were some of the beef and the green beans.  My husband had the Pad Thai which he had a few bites and did not finish either.  I wanted to like this place because of the service and the atmosphere.  Maybe I need to try something else on the menu and will update my review later.The food was decent and arrived on time. The Siam noodles tasted like the frozen Trader Joe's pad thai.  The massaman curry was okay. The fried tofu appetizer was good but came with only a tablespoon of sauce for dipping. Over all, not bad but there are numerous better options in the city.Amazing food 
Taste is delicious
Phone service excellence
Delivery prompt
I am a connoisseur of Thai food and this place is amazing! 
I promise you will not be disappointed
Please make this your home meal- deliverySolid Thai food. Have only gotten delivery but the orders have always been correct and requested spice level correct. Their menu is a bit more extensive than most Thai places.  The crepes curries and pad Thai are all really good.YO so....
My father came to visit me and we wanted to go get Thai.  So I suggest we go to the one Thai place in S.Philly I have not been to yet.  We walk in and not one person was inside, I thought it was closed but then our server walked out from behind some weird partition and sat us.  She was attentive to us our whole meal
The interior is nice and elegant but very relaxed and comfortable.  
We split an appetizer of these egg noodle covered shrimp jawns which was pretty good.  The shrimp were HUGE....
everything came out in a very reasonable amount of time
I got the red curry w/chicken, my father got the thai basil w/chicken.  My god it was some of the best red curry I've ever had.  The peppers and bamboo were so fresh.  The curry was spiced perfectly.  My dad said it was some of the best Thai food he's ever had and he lived in Thailand for a year....  The presentation of food was also nice.  moderately priced.
To sum it up this is my new Thai place.  Better than circles by a long shot.  I'd probably take a girl here that i kinda like.  5 stars!The relatively nondescript exterior of this place (and of 11th street) can be deceiving, because the beautiful decor and warmth that radiates from the interior really transport you to a different place. I came here on Wednesday night. The restaurant was probably about half full. It's not very loud, so it was a great choice for a small gathering with friends. I'm thinking of bringing my family here next time they are in town. 
The service was very smooth, and I felt the food was very authentic. Having well traveled and tried a great variety of different ethnic foods, I was pleasantly surprised at the large selection of new food items they had that I've never heard of or seen in Philly. 
We had the Thai Sampler and the sticky rice with beef jerky as appetizers. They were both delicious, all coupled with some very good sauces. As entrees, we had some curry dishes, Laab Chicken, and the Ratchada Duck. My dish was the duck, which had very crispy skin and very great flavor. This duck is better prepared than some of the Peking duck dishes I've tried in some Chinatown restaurants. I did not really get a chance to try the other entrees at my table, but I heard a lot of compliments about them. 
For dessert, we had the mango sticky rice, Thai tea ice cream, and fried bananas and chocolate. The ice cream, while served in a very cool-looking glass, was very icy and only faintly tasted like Thai tea. However, the mango sticky rice and fried banana rolls were tasty and different from typical dessert offerings. I really enjoyed my meal here and look forward to coming back at some point soon!Came here on a whim with a friend who was visiting from Ithaca NY.  We had a wonderful experience!  The food was very flavor and fragrant.  My boyfriend raved that it was the best Pad Thai he ever had - and I especially like how it wasn't so oily like I've seen with other Pad Thai dishes.  We also experimented by trying the Ka Nom Jeen Kang Kai (Green Curry Noodle), which I really enjoyed.
On top of all of this, the service was outstanding.  Our server was very pleasant, and you could tell that the manager really cared about your overall experience.I've been to this place for awhile now. First off, they probably have the best thai food in philly that I have found. Their papaya salad & crab fried rice are amazing, but their pad thai can be a hit or miss depending on the days. But overall everything on the menu is very decent.
Service is great. The servers there are very nice to us, they remember & greet us every time we come back here. The decor is quite nice as well. Overall, I'm very pleased with this restaurant. Highly recommend!Very nice ambiance for a Thai restaurant. Upscale.
I had the lunch special, and the portions were big (at least it was a very good value). I also ordered the fish cakes, which were tasty.Ordered through Eat24 for delivery and it was great!
The panang curry was. SPOT on , perfectly sweet and smooth. The green curry was also so flavorful. 
Loved the pad see ew - perfectly chewy thick noodles! The drunken noodles were fine but nothing special. 
Of note, they got the spiciness level just right and we ordered 5 items at varying spiciness. I definitely appreciate that. 
Will be ordering delivery from here again!Tried many of the dishes. Very well balanced flavors and options. From Pad Thai to Green Curry among others I can't spell, nothing was too salty or too sweet.
Our new favorite for Thai food in Philadelphia...eat in and byo or takeout.The server is very polite and nice; the dishes came out a bit slow; we ordered mainly rice and noodle dish and they tend to be overly sweet.  They might be the sweetest Thai food I ever tasted.  The beef is bit on the dry side.  
The place was packed the whole time we were there (on a Saturday night).  So maybe we didn't order the right thing?Excellent food. Good peaceful ambience. Good for groups. Lot of options for vegetarians.
Loved the ratchada curry.Amazing Crispy Duck awaits.. I stumbled across this gem And was amazed.. The delivery arrived piping hot and swiftly.. EnjoyLaos and Thai food are very similar. The Laos sampler was very good. I had to order a side of sticky rice to eat with it. Delicious.
Stuffed pepper was awesome. The sauce is a tangy sweet flavor which complimented the stuffed peppers. The mok chicken was lacking in flavor. But ok. Lard Na beef was good but smaller on portion. Phad Thai was good.
Thai tea was great. Perfect! The deserts: mango with sweet rice was lacking in the sweet coconut rice. The chocolate banana egg rolls were perfect. Yummy. Thai tea ice cream was delicious.
Perfect family dinner with the kids. This place is absolutely stunning in the interior decor. Byob is also a plus. Parking is hectic. Enjoyed the meal here.My friend and I went to Ratchada last night for a girls night dinner date. She was a little hesitant about Thai food at first but it was AMAZING. I had the lemongrass creamy chicken soup which was everything I wanted and little bit of what I didn't expect. Then we shared an exquisite and beautiful Thai Sampler, absolutely everything on the plate was delicious. To finish the night we shared green curried fried rice which was savory with a little kick! 
I honestly do not know why this place is not pack every single night. The service is fast and friendly. The food is extremely delicious, portions are large, and it doesn't make you feel gross afterward because most of it is pretty healthy. It is also a gorgeous atmosphere and the presentation of your food is almost too good to eat! The price is just right, especially for all the effort put into the food, perfect for a reasonable date night!
Try it and it won't disappoint.I have been love this place. A very nice people who serve you is one of the biggest sign in this place. The place will take you to an Asian like place. The food is very delicious. The price is very reasonable. The most of all you can order on-line and when it ready you can pick it up. It is very convenient. The website is nicely done. Most of all I totally love this place.Whoa! I can't believe I haven't been here before today. We ordered food for pick-up. The interior of the restaurant is nicely decorated. The tones of the room are pretty subdued and it would be great for date night. 
The pineapple fried rice was delicious! It had a great balance of veggies, pineapple, rice, and cashews. It wasn't curried which for me was a bonus as I'm not fond of curry in my pineapple fried rice. We also ordered the veggie spring rolls, and fried bananas with chocolate. everything was cooked well, nothing over or under cooked.
I will definitely order pickup again, or dine-in here.This place deserves *5 STARS* This honest review is based on the quality of food. Fresh ingredients, consistency and taste of the sauces for the apps and entree on the Thai section that I've tried so far are on point and I've frequented just about most restaurants in this category of food. Just try and see for yourself. Added bonus service, ambiance and overall experience exemplary.  A MUST TRY. Thank me later.I am in love with this place just as much as everyone that I recommend there. I have been coming here since Cafe de loas and the new renovation looks very great. I am Thai/Lao and I don't bother going to any other Thai/Lao restaurant in Philly. I live in Jersey City, NJ and I travel all the way there because the food is just that great. The service has always been stellar and I wish more places had waitstaff like this place. Always knowledgable about the cuisine, attentive, and happy. The owner is a sweetheart and always enjoy seeing her when I go there. My God mother and I always tell people that this is our favorite restaurant of all time. Feels like home. Recently went here for my God mothers Bday and they gave her a free Thai tea cake. Which was very good. I recommend the Tom yum talay. And Larb tuna here is my favorite and order it everytime. Also the coconut ice cream unlike anything I've ever had before.Made a trip to Philly over Christmas weekend, and was searching for a Thai place for dinner. Ratchada appeared on my radar.
I got the papaya salad, Pad See Ew, and a Thai iced tea-they were a hit.
Place was open till 10:30PM. I walked in a little passed 9PM, and stayed well past 10:30, and the staff was very accommodating.
Food was wonderful.
Staff is very attentive to patrons.
Portions are reasonable for the price.
Will revisit next time I'm in PhillyI've been to a LOT of Thai places in Philly and this is the best.  Hands down. Lovely people. BYO. Fast delivery. Cannot go wrong.Ordered delivery from here tonight and it was amazing! Extremely flavorful and hot on arrival. Highly recommend if you're looking for authentic Thai food! I ordered the Massaman Curry with the very spicy option, Tom Kha with Shrimp and a Thai iced tea.Wow what a quaint little restaurant.   I went on father's day for late lunch (2:30) with hubby and our 4 month old.  We were the the only ones there.
The restaurant was very clean,  decorated tastefully and cozy.  We were greeted and seated immediately.  We asked our waiter for recommendations on things to try and he was super helpful. 
We had the Thai sampler, Lao sausage, the crispy catfish and ended with the Thai cheesecake.   The food was absolutely delicious and well seasoned.  Everything was authentic.  Looking forward to going back soon.  
Also, pretty easy to find parking around areaSuper fancy looking thai laoatian restaurant with good food.
Went with a party of 4 and we shared everything. The place is really nice looking and the service was good too.
For starters, we ordered the Chicken Satay and the Laos Sampler (Laos sausage, beef jerky, spring roll, dice ginger, onion, lemongrass served with Laos papaya salad). The satay as good with a delicious peanut sauce. Everything on the sampler was good, i liked the laos sausage the best. The awkward thing I did not like was that it came on a sectioned plate and one of the sections was salad without dressing. It was strange and a waste of food cause that wasn't a menu item and didn't have flavor, was it just decoration?
For the main we shared the Kao Pad Poe fried rice with chicken. It was good with a bit of a sour flavor that I haven't had in fried rice before. The Ratchada Duck was the star of all teh dishes. It was a nicely roasted duck with crispy skin and it was delicious with mango and tamarind sauce. Get it. We also had some veggie dish which was chinese broccoli with some dried or fried bacon. This was nothing special. Not worth getting.Tom Kai Guy was a little thin but delicious.  Laotian sausages were grilled pork with lemon grass- excellent,  I had stuffed tomatoes, perfect, light and with coconut milk rice. Tasted fresh and not heavy like much asian food.  Tried other dishes like Corn Cakes (yum!) and Stuffed Eggplant (not spicy although 1 chili rated) which is what I will have on my next visit.  This place is highly recommended by many.A Laos/Thai restaurant in the South Philly area where many Vietnamese restaurants thrive? Say whaaaa??? 
I frequent this place a lot and I have also ordered take out. My favorites are: Laos papaya salad, laab duck, and the Laos beef appetizer. I am Cambodian and papaya salad is a favorite for us. I really like how they add green beans in the salad. Gives it a nice crunch. 
BYOB...need I say more?
The place is decorated with lots of beautiful Thai art and sculptures and there are candles on every table. Would be a great date spot. I really wish they would play thai or laos music instead of songs I can hear when I turn on the radio. I just think it would add to the experience and atmosphere of the restaurant.I wanted to try some place else other than Circles since our last visit there was sub par than before.  Sadly, our meal was just ok.  There was nothing to really rave about.  My lemongrass soup was not really hot (temperature wise).  The shrimp wrapped in egg noodles was a miss.  The shrimp was overcooked and the dipping sauce tasted like the chili sauce in a bottle.  The green curry with shrimp was satisfying though.  The thai basil with chicken did have a tasty sauce that accompanied the dish.  I think i'll stick to Circles next time.My review was mainly for the pad see ew.  It was awful the whole thing tasted like cucumber and cucumber is not an item in the dish. I have never written a yelp review before but I hated it so much that I had to write one. I've had it's twice now and haven't liked it either time.  The tom yum soups with shrimp is OK.Food is great. Excellent service and staff. Setting is calm and relaxing. Great way to experience Thai and Laos cuisine!The restaurant is quaint and dark and perfect for a date although the place was empty besides one other table and they placed us right next to them so we asked to be moved. The dumplings were delicious but my Pad Thai was a bit soggy. I like for the noodle to be soft but not like it would be inside a soup. I wanted to try something new but I think I'll stick to Circles for now.My hubby is the pickiest eater in the world but he absolutely loves this place, we order from here at least once a week - since the Pineapple fried rice, as well as the salmon dumpling are AMAZEBALLS!Excellent service and accommodating a party of 25 adults and kids! The food was really good, the fried calamari, steamed dumplings and green curry are a must! 
We will def return and it's a byo, makes it even better! 
Great for large parties on the weekend! Whatever the occasion or celebration!Menu is a combination of Thai and Laoatian. Service was very slow and somewhat absurd.  We waited about 1 hour for our food to come out. By the time it did, moat people had forgotten what they ordered.  Starving, we dug in and finished about half a plate when the waiter returned and said/motioned that they mixed up our order. We could understand about 5% of what he was saying.  Then he took our half-eaten dish away and disappeared in the back.  Why would he take it? Were they going to re- serve it to other guests?  Anyway, we waited another 15 minutes for our replacement dish, which was honestly not as good as whatever it was they sent out first.  It's a BYO, so bring lots of booze because you'll have lots of waiting to do.  Also bring your own corkscrew... Or just don't go.Came back since I been craving for their Thai food hmmm every time I came back this place remind me more and more of my grandmom back home. They make the food just the way my nany did. My order this time was green curry which i love!!! and i have tried many place but it wont beat this one. Their food have just the right taste and spice into it. No mysterious blank spot where you have to wonder ' what is this suppose to taste like? Or why it doesn't seem to taste like the food I ate in Thailand? ' NOPE! It was NONE OF THOSE!!! I'm glad every time I eat there it's just keep getting better and better. The chef are great if you get a chance you can ask if the chef can come out to talk to you because he 'Will'. All of the food and sauce and dessert and drinks he made it himself. He is a very hard working man and along side the owner of the restaurant they both are such great people. Any question you have just ask! Everyone there are so nice and love what they doing. See you again soon Ratchada ;)If you haven't been here yet, you must try it! You are in for a friendly welcome, delicious food, warm atmosphere, and great experience.
My husband and I recently came here with my dad (who is a real meat-and-potatoes kinda guy), and we all loved it! All of our dishes were expertly prepared, with spot-on flavors and generous portions. We had the Lemongrass Fried rice with chicken, Pad Himmaparn, Pad Si-Ew, and Green Curry. Everything was boldly flavored, though sensitively prepared, especially when it came to toning down the spice level on a few dishes - something which the restaurant's previous incarnation (Cafe De Laos) could never get right. For dessert, we sampled the Thai tea cheesecake, which was a rich, creamy, traditional cheesecake, with a Thai twist.
The decor and music are much better than before, and the service is top-notch as well.  I hope that you will enjoy it as much as we did!This has got to be some of the best, most authentic cuisine I've eaten in Philly. I find that a lot of restaurants are skimpy on their portions and lack flavor and love (the most important ingredient). The service here at Ratchada was amazing, friendly, attentive and professional. The food was flavorful, fresh, authentic and clearly crafted by someone who knows and loves what they do in the kitchen. I will be here again soon. And you should go, too!A close contender with Circles, but still not quite there.  I had the pad se eww, asked for shrimp, but was given chicken, not a big deal.  The waitress had a major issue opening our wine bottle which resulted in drinking a lot of pieces of cork.  (It's not harmful by the way).  She was super apologetic so I felt bad, and she gave us a free cheesecake dessert which was delicious.  
My dish was good, not as spicy as I wanted but with some additional chili oil it improved.  My friend got the pad thai, he thought it was pretty good.  The sauce was way too sweet for my taste.  We both agreed the leftovers were better the next day.  The coconut soup was good.Pretty beyond disappointing, ordered vegetarian drunken noodle and was 100% anticipating spicy, but not soggy over cooked noodles drenched in some poorly balanced chili oil 'sauce'. On the bright side the vegetables were cooked well but I was literally only give 3 SMALL cubes of tofu. Pretty much the biggest waste of money my laziness of not cooking in has ever earned me.... 
----Edit----
Staff was receptive to my complaint and polite, suggested alternative dishes and submitted a refund with out a hassle.Should have known when it's a Thai & Laos restaurant is not going to be authentic Thai food! This Thai basil is such a Typical American asian story fried. Not the real Thai basil with beef at all! Plus where is the beef? And It's supposed to be minced beef/pork. The only one eatable is the curry, if you had to order from them get the Panang curry. The only ok one. Rice are not typical good Thai jasmine rice or sticky rice either, doesn't even have the option. It's really bad rice. If you are used to authentic Thai food try another place.My cousins and I came in to catch up over some late night desserts. As always, it turned into a feast. LOL
They'll bring out the dessert tray and there were so many options to choose from. I highly recommend the chocolate Bombay. It was moist and fluffy on the inside. 
The fried bananas were waaaay too hot when they brought it out, but was warm and gooey with a nice crunch after you give it a second to cool off. So your patience will be rewarded!
The Thai iced tea cheese cake was exactly what you would imagine it to be and would be worth a try. 
The spring rolls were good, but nothing to write home about. The curry puffs were also in the same boat and were a little dry in the middle. 
To round it all out, the mango sticky rice was good but the mango could be more ripe. Still a solid choice!
The service was super nice and attentive. I would definitely come back!Great Thai food! The best in the area. Our "go to's" are the green curry and shrimp pad thai. Fast service. Huge portions. Consistently delicious.I'm so upset with the service at this restaurant.
I came in on Saturday night in a group of eight people and we were told to wait 10-15 minutes for a tables. We were seated and had given our orders to the waitress within 10 minutes. It took about an hour for all of our food to come out. Now, it didn't come out at once but it was staggered. We thought it took a while so that everyone will get their food at once but that wasn't the case. The food tastes good but it wasn't worth the wait.This place is a disaster. Bad food. Even worse service. Dunno why Philly has no good Thai places, but it's really a wasteland in that cuisine.
I waited for an hour and a half for takeout. They forgot it. Forgot that I was there. Didn't apologize. And I left. We ordered Mexican, but our friends had to scrape together food for their kids after waiting so long. I wouldn't wait that long for the best Thai food in the world- let alone takeout. I've eaten here about 4 times and it's just gotten worse and worse. 
Avoid it.I came here with my bf because we were craving spicy food. We were not disappointed. I got the Om Laos Curry and the waitress was kind enough to offer the spice on the side so that I could play with the spice level myself. My bf got the Green Curry Fried Rice with Level 3 Spice and he loved it. Everything was really tasty and had unique flavors. I had never had Laotian food before and was really happy with it. Definitely will be trying this again.This place has great lunch specials for the price and quantity of food.  Presentation of food items is beautiful.  Everything is always hot and fresh.  Service is always very good and friendly.  They also serve lunch specials on Saturday afternoon, which I think is just awesome!  
The green curry is my favorite, but you can't go wrong with any of the curries they have on the menu.  Thai Basil is also wonderful - and they have my favorite Tom Yum soup out of any of the Thai restaurants in the city.Ratchada was a pleasant surprise!  Before new management took over and changed the name, this location had a rather bad reputation - I'm happy to say that my experience here recently has changed that opinion.
We ordered the Laotian appetizer sample and found the Laotian sausage and beef jerky in particular to be very different from anything we'd had before and very tastey.  The papaya salad that was part of the sampler, however, was pretty lackluster and tasted a little too strongly of ground dried shrimp.  I'm a huge fan of fermented seafood flavors normally, but these tasted somewhat muddy and a bit too salty.
The fried catfish special was balanced really well between salty, sour, and quite spicy.  My only complaint would be that it didn't last long enough as the taste and texture were spot on.  It's quite approachable to just about anyone as well - there are no bones, it is not a whole fish presentation, so if you eat with friends who don't have a palate for Southeast Asian foods, this would be a safe bet.
Overall, I found the service and interior to be well suited as a date location - Ratchada is dim lit and ornately decorated with lots of indirect lightning.  It certainly doesn't have the lackluster ambiance of most of the restaurant within a block.  This shows in the clientele:  My girlfriend and I were the youngest people there.
I would strongly recommend the restaurant to both adventurous eaters and folks who just want a simple dish like phad Thai prepared the right way.I always order the laab salad with chicken and veggie coconut soup or lemongrass soup and am never disappointed! Great atmosphere, but also soup is always still hot if I decide to order in!Food just ok. Not impressive. I had chicken pad Thai and found it dry without much flavor. The price was good. 
My husband enjoyed his pad kee beef, and we both agreed the spring rolls were excellent.Not sure why the reviews are so high. Ordered delivery based on the high rating but it was absolutely disgusting. We ordered the basil chicken and the chicken was boiled instead of sautéed the chicken pad thai same horrible taste but we added sugar. It seems like they just think fat and sweet is what Americans are into. Never again! Yuk!!
It all went in the trash.My family and I have been here a number of times and it was pretty good (originally). However, the last time we were here, the restaurant changed owners and everything was awful. We were here for a birthday- there was 6 adults and 2 kids dining that night. We arrived at 5:30pm, left at around 8:30pm, and didn't get all of the food that we ordered. There was a number of things wrong that night: 
1) After we ordered our food, the appetizers took really long to come out (30+ minutes). Despite the fact that it took forever for appetizers, the servers brought out multiple wrong orders. We ordered one type of soup, they brought out 3 of the same ones. 
2) It took 2+ hours to get entrees out. We ordered a noodle dish, they brought out 2 of them. We ordered a total of about 6 full entrees, we only received 2 by the end of the night.
3) While we were there, other smaller parties were being seated, fed, left and our party still didn't get served our entire order.
4) The servers continued to take take-out orders, and we saw them pushing the takeout orders out. Meanwhile, we weren't getting our orders in a timely manner at all. 
5) The servers told us they were "understaffed" and the kitchen only had "two" chefs. This is clearly the new management's fault, and nothing was done about it. 
6) After the 2.5+ hours our party was there and we didn't get all of the orders, I spoke to them about canceling our order and a discount for our time and poor service there. The server told me we would get 10% off our bill, we got our bill and it only said 5%. I got on the phone with their manager, "Lockett" (I believe that's how you spell her name), and she told me that since they are giving us a free entree, (mind you this was an order they got wrong), they can only give us 5%.
The manager also went ahead and told me to write a review on Yelp. There you go, Lockett. We will not be returning. Despite our good times here, the new management is not doing this place justice. (Btw, all of our food came out lukewarm or cold.)Have been very disappointed with Ratchada's service twice now. Ordered take out tonight and they said the food was being delivered by a partner delivery service called diningin. 1 hour later we got a call from the diningin driver that he only had half of our order and asked if we still wanted half of it. I called Ratchada back to see where our whole order was and they didn't pick up because they were now closed. I am now 2 hours from my order time waiting as the people at Ratchada asked me to patiently do and still no food.My group came from cali for our chruch mission trip. After successful prayer time in independence hall and liberty bell we were hoping for delicious and excellent service thai restaurant. We chose this place because yelp say its a 4-stars resto. Well unfortunately I only can give 2 stars. One star for the ambiance of the restaurant and one more star for the cleanliness of the restroom. Thats all folks. Hope this can be helpful for everyone who wants to come visit this restaurant.This place getting a four star only means that people in Philly have no idea what Thai food should taste like.This is an update to a previous review, but you HAVE to splurge and get the Ratchada Duck. It is honestly, truly, and without any added superfluousness one of the best ethnic dishes I have ever eaten.Ratchada was sincere in their apology and mailed a gift card for the troubles. It was a mix up between them and dining in.Ordered Pad Thai with mild spice and it's too spicy too even eat. Very disappointed to throw it away. I enjoy a spicy Pad Thai but this wasn't mild in any way. Also ordered Pad Kee Mao Noodle with moderate spice and it was less spicy than the mild dish. I will try here again but will have to order zero spice. Delivery was quick.Ordered delivery with an estimated wait time of 45-60 min. It's been over an hour and a half with no food, and no contact from the restaurant regarding our late order. Will not order again.Very good service and friendly wait staff. She's neither a Laotian nor a Thai, but she knows what's good on the menu. I like the overall atmosphere, very traditional and not too noisy. I had laab tuna, which was mediocre, calamansi juice, and turtle pie. They were OK, I guess.I found Ratchada on Grub Hub or Seamless I forget which one after continually searching for both delicious Thai and a reasonable price.  Oddly enough one of the best Thai restaurants EVER was around the corner from my house in Dallas and I have been very surprised never to find a replacement here in Philly but I will go where there are reminders.  Ratchada has fantastic Pad Thai.   Imagine a place that serves Thai cuisine and cannot produce this fan favorite, I have been to all of them here in Philadelphia, but Ratchada's is 5 star.  Their pineapple friend rice is also amazing, and of course their sticky rice with mango.  I do need to try more.Went here today at 4:30pm.  Has kind of a "hidden" vibe - looks relatively formal with ornate table clothes.  This place is clean and orderly.  When I sat down, it was obvious these people paid attention to finer details of things.  This is Thai and Laotian cuisine and they're not messing around.  
Ordered the creamy lemongrass soup with chicken.  A nice bowl of soup - nothing exceptional considering the neighborhood it's in.  But it did appear to be very fresh and nicely seasoned - not sure about how the mushrooms and chicken were incorporated the dish.  They were just kind of there.  If I were to get this again, I would probably go with the shrimp option.  
I ordered the Laos sampler - I think this is a great dish if you wanna check out a few different things going on.  
On the sampler, there were crispy spring rolls.  Mine were not quite "kit-kat" sized, but they were beautifully crisped and there wwere such delicate nuances of flavor in the filling.  Served with a sweet chili sauce - I'm assuming it's house made because it was unlike most that I've tasted.  FAR BETTER than the commercial sweet chili sauce found in stores.
Also, on the sampler, there was beef jerky.  This was very intensely flavored (think chilies and garlic) hunks of flank.  This jerky is very chewy, but I think this is how it is made in Laos.  A french chef would never cook flank like this, but that's why it's cool.  This element of the sampler will appeal to the carnal meat eater.  
The sausage was also a part of the sampler. A finely ground pork sausage with lemongrass and coriander notes.  It is cooked perfectly - charred nicely on the outside and moist on the inside.  Theses sausages were simple, but they displayed obvious precision and skill.  
Also, on the sampler were very small dices of chilies and lime, alongside a fine julienne of fresh ginger.  It was fun being able to incorporate them into bites of the other items on the sampler.  I think pairing the lime with the beef jerky is a complementary.
For me, my favorite part of the sampler was the papaya, carrot and daikon salad.  This was unlike most carrot and daikon salads I've had at Vietnamese places - it had chopped tomato, thinly sliced romaine and seemed to be dressed differently - perhaps with some soy or some other ingredient.  
I also had some coconut rice in addition to the sampler.  Just the right amount of coconut flavor - really good.  
I finished that up with the Thai cheesecake dessert.  This was like the culinary equivalent of an orgasm.  The curd was just perfection - the crust was also light and was the perfect backbone for the cake.  This was served alongside what I believe to be a passion fruit sauce of some kind.  This dessert is definitely on the sweet side of things, for those who don't really like desserts, but this dessert was really quite excellent.
There is also a genuine kind hearted approach toward hospitality here.  This isn't wam-bam-thank you, ma'am type of place you find around this like area.  There is some serious serenity here.I had placed a takeout order for 2 vegetarian dishes and they gave me chicken. Is it really that hard to read or comprehend an order over the phone!I lived in Thailand for a little over a year and I enjoy this place more than most (if not all) Thai restaurants I have eaten at in Philly. The Laab is possibly the best I have had in the US. Other dishes I like are the beef jerky (really), the goong sarong, and chicken satay. The pad thai is also pretty good. I will say this, spiciness level varies greatly each time I order. Sometimes "Thai spicy" is somewhat spicy and the next time it is incredibly so. Don't let that take away from the overall quality of this place. It is a BYOB, has a nice ambience in the restaurant, and has good service.We decided to deviate from our usual Thai restaurant to try one closer to us. We ordered the curry duck and drunken noodle. The duck was over cooked to the point where one side of the breast was super dry and tough to chew (think a tough super dry jerky). The drunken noodles were pure mush. Completely disintegrated while serving - very disappointedpoor service, bad food- absolutely no way close to Thai! not recommended at all. hope i forget this one soon.The stuffed peppers was an excellent choice. Very good portions for the price for the most part. I would absolutely come back. It's a great spot for a dinner date for two. 
I do wish that they added more mango for their mango sticky rise dessert option, lol. The coconut juice tastes like it came right out of a can. If they can offer a fresh young coconut that would be even better.It was OK. Ordered curry and veggies were not cooked through. Curry was a single note. I will keep looking for the curry to meet my cravings.I was throwing up all night last night from this place.  I was there for lunch and had the Pad Thai with sauce from a jar.  No soap in the bathroom despite the "All Employees must throughly wash their hands" sign.5 stars for the friendly and attentive Service
5 stars for the DELICIOUS and authentic dishes 
5 stars for the Ambiance 
5 stars for the BEST PAD THAI in Philly
My favorite dishes: Pad Thai and homemade Evan Sausage! 
I'll be back for the steamed fish! :)Good food, nice restaurant, and they have the best Thai tea that I ever tried. My favorite dishes are Ratchada duck, beef salad, and crab fried rice. Mango duck is must-have dish that you should try. Besides, their crap meat in fried rice is delicious, good quality.
Their food is not spicy , so if you love spicy food, u have to tell them.When i'm craving Thai i have to go here. However like most thai places its soooo expensive jeeeez. Three dishes comes out to about $25.Bery good..eveytime i comes here almost nobodyhere were eating, however food came out slow.I ordered the following.. 
Basil Fried rice, with tofu.
Lao papaya Salad.
Sweet Rice and mango.
And last Thai tea. 
This is what I have to say.. not a fan of the fried rice too sweet, the sweet rice was great but the mango was sour. This is a Thai traditional dish that should be serve seasonal only because of the mango. The mango should be sweet to compliment the sticky rice. The Thai tea isn't Thai tea. Not traditional Thai tea. I get they cater to their clientele but that is an absolute no for me. They won me at the Authentic papaya salad. This one they got right down and because this dish is easily screwed up and the fact they got it right is why I rated them a 4 star.I have died and gone to a foreign land known as Thailand. OMG...I love Thai food, actually I love Asian food, period! My friend and I came here on a cold Thursday night after the gym and we looked like a hot sweaty mess and craving Thai food. 
The place was almost empty and the lady was so welcoming to us. My hair stylist recommended this place a few weeks ago but I just now had to courage to dig out of my igloo from our weekly winter storms. We started with spring rolls and chicken satay. You can't really mess up spring rolls and for the most part they all tend to blend in taste from all the other restaurants. Let's just stay that within my first bite, their spring rolls stood out above the rest. The chicken satay was great and that peanut dipping sauce was heavenly. 
I always order Pad Thai from Circles and other Thai establishments so I decided to go off on the deep end and ordered something I've never had. My friend and I were both enthralled by the oven roasted stuffed red pepper. I love anything stuffed! The dish came out, amazing presentation, 2 giant grilled red peppers stuff with ground beef, glass noddles, chopped peppers, onions and seasoning, next to a scoop of rice, veggies and Thai sweet/sour red sauce. We could not believe how amazing that dish was. We rave about it to each other and the server. The serving portion was more than enough. It was an amazing experience that it's going to take a lot for Circles to win back some of my business.
Ratchada's prices were appropriate for the quality and quantity. This place is also BYOB. I'm looking forward to coming back and my next meal with be the Crispy Duck Choo Chee.Having lived near Tamarind for years and loving their food, I was so happy to find this gem in our new neighborhood!  The décor is so authentic and cozy, not what you would expect to find at a restaurant on 11th and Washington next to a 7-11!  The service is always really great, explaining different dishes nicely.  The food is so good and you get so much for your money...and its BYOB!  I always get the drunken noodles and my boyfriend always gets the thai basil, both with chicken, and we split the Thai papaya salad...and the total is just over $30!!  We have seen small parties there too, so it could be a good option for a birthday dinner or a small 10-15 person gathering.  Highly recommend!!Wow! My boyfriend and I went there for dinner. We both had very fresh seafood dishes. The atmosphere is very lovely and comfortable. The staff is very pleasant. I had the Seafood Creamy Tom Yum Noodle. Each bite had a new wonderful flavor depending on which vegetable or seafood was in each bite. We finished with Thai ice cream and clean plates.
My second visit was still nice, but not as good as the first. Two members of my party of 6 chose different noodle dishes, and both found their noodles to be overcooked.Yum!! I ordered take out - my fav Thai dish, the Panang curry & it was so good! Perfect combo of spicy & sweet. The vegetables (red peppers, broccoli, carrots) and chicken were cooked to perfection! 
I also got the Buddha dumplings as an app, I didn't love them but nonetheless, still tasty. I think I would have preferred a different sauce with them. 
Will be back to try more!The food is amazing! I dropped in for pad Thai but got far more than I expected. The two hosts, Kat and Jib, were phenomenal and they made my meal a special treat, answering my questions and even letting me sample the sausage and dried beef. If you're looking for amazing south east Asian cuisine in a beautiful setting, this is the place to be!Rarely does a return to a restaurant I give a high rating to yield so positive a result as my meal tonight.  Oh my god!  This was the best meal of any kind I've had in years.  Having informed my server of my tastes, I wanted to try something new.  I began with a duck salad...  Where's the 5 and 1/2 star button?  My entree was the "pork jungle" (other places call this "Evil Jungle Princess") (Five and a half MINIMUM!)  I love food with flavor, particularly spicy flavor, and did they ever make this dish to my tastes!  I don't ever want to eat eggplant anywhere else except in that dish, in that restaurant.  Incredible isn't a good enough adjective.  I'm considering returning to my poetic roots to tell you details more appropriately.  But I will not try your patience.  My sister adored the green curry fried rice, the dumplings, and coconut ice cream.  If there's a better Thai restaurant in the tri-state area, I am not aware of it.  It was well worth the drive there from south Jersey, and the drive home obviously wasn't long enough for me to think of words I feel are good enough to describe a perfect meal.Awesome food!!! Came here when I visited my niece. I am the house parent to three international students from China and Thailand and they couldn't stop talking about how good the food was.  Still thinking about it 3 months later. Highly recommend.Tried this for the first time tonight via delivery. Delicious!!! Two thumbs up for having delivery + credit card accepted. They said it could be up to an hour, but exceeded our expectation at ~35 min. We had the Chicken Coconut Soup, the Laos-style Catfish, and Beef Drunken Noodles. Each were yummy in their own way. The soup was light yet had a wonderful coconut flavor. The catfish was tender and in a sauce that had a lemongrass flavor to die for. The noodles were spicy, but in that perfect way where you feel the heat for a few minutes, but not so much that you're hurting or regret it. Can't wait to try it again in person, and may update to 5 stars once we know more. YUM! So happy we found this!We live nearby, and this has become one of our favorite go-to places whenever we feel the urge to sneak out.
The owner is wonderful, and her staff is capable and competent. But, the flavors and freshness of the food make this one of the most interesting restaurants in Philadelphia. 
We have never had a bad, or even a mediocre, meal here, and we have tried many things on the menu. The lemongrass soups are delicious. The curries are wonderful - feel free to ask for more spice if you want. Everything they do with duck is equally good. The thai basil shrimp is always a hit.
Go! Just save us a table for two in the corner, please.It's a wonderful place to eat south Asian foods. We got fried rolls, tulip dumplings and chicken laab as appetizer. They were light, flavorful and filling. The green curry was okay. We also tried one chef's special: young girl on fire; it was nicely seasoned. We will definitely be back.I have to echo that the food here is fantastic and certainly authentic. If you like trying new cuisines or have exploratory pallet, you have to eat here at least once. Laotian is a hard-to-find style and very tasty. The Thai is equally delicious. Even if you are a run-of-the-mill "I don't eat foreign food but pad thai is amazing" person, you DEFINITELY have to try their pad thai. So far, it is the best we found in the neighborhood.
The decor is fun and the service is great. We have experienced some odd patrons in the restaurant... don't sit across from each other in dead silence. It is weird.A welcoming environment with excellent service- the waitresses assisted my boyfriend in his hunt for beer since the place is BYOB and we are new to this Philly phenomenon. Food portions are healthy and well presented. I would recommend the Laos sampler plate and the lemon grass wings with sticky rice. The beef jerky is to die for. FYI- know that you can scale the papaya salad from 1-10 and the chef can cater to your desired spiciness. Also, if the menu is confusing (with many Thai and Laos dishes), you can ask the nice waitresses to clarify. My boyfriend is Lao-American and picked out all the dishes for us to eat (Laos food is highlighted on the menu). He would come back and so would I.Came here with my boyfriend for the first time. I was looking for new restaurants to try, and decided to try this one based on its good yelp reviews. I was not disappointed! When we first entered, I noticed the very traditional Thai setting. It had a very classy and fine dining atmosphere. The table setting was really fancy, yet it was a smaller restaurant. I really enjoyed the quiet and classy traditional environment.
 We did family style and shared the fried calamari, creamy Tom yum noodles soup and the Thai basil beef. They were all excellent! The sauce for the fried calamari was really different, but complimented the fried calamari perfectly. My boyfriend said he has had really good Tom yum from Thailand once, and said that was the best Tom yum he had ever had, but he said the creamy Tom yum noodles was almost equivalent to that he had at Thailand! The flavors of the Thai basil beef was amazing, my only complaint was the string beans to be blanched for a bit longer. The Thai tea was also perfect and one of the best Thai teas I've had in Philadelphia.Stopped in for lunch on Saturday around 12:30 and we were the only ones in the whole restaurant, which made for kind of an odd experience.  Not a bad experience though by any means.
Interior is very nice, definitely a step above the standard spots in the neighborhood, or Chinatown.  Older guy at the desk was pleasant but spoke very broken English.  Not a huge deal and not unexpected.
The lunch special was $7.95 for a soup and entree.  A great deal, although you're limited to maybe 4 soup choices and 6-7 entrees.  I went with the Tom Yum (Lemongrass Soup) and Pad Kee Mao (Drunken Noodle).  Both were done very well.  Pad Kee Mao had a bit of spice but not overwhelming and was a nice portion for lunch.  Everything cooked the way it should be.
Overall I'm by no means an expert on these cuisines but enjoyed our lunch here.  The $7.95 deal is awesome and it seems like they're slow for lunch so give it a try, can't see it disappointing no matter what you order.A hidden gem! I've lived within 15 minutes of this restaurant since they've opened, but never thought to try it. From the outside, you probably can't even tell what type of cuisine it is or tell it's a restaurant. Anyways, a friend recommended we get dinner here and I'm glad we did.
The restaurant was decorated top to bottom in very nice Thai/Laotian decorations. There were bamboo room dividers blocking the dining area from the front windows, so you can barely see outside which helped add to the atmosphere and illusion that you were actually in Thailand.
Not too busy from my experience. We went on a Monday evening and there were only 2 other tables dining when we got there and maybe 3 other tables that came in by the time we left. so yeah, there was only one person working the floor as host/server/food runner. She was very nice and attentive. 
We got the Thai papaya salad and tom yum soup first - both came out in like 10 minutes. Papaya salad was good and just enough spiciness. My friend's Tom Yum soup was veryyy good, but too spicy for me (she prefers spicy). We had to wait about 30 minutes for our two entrees which felt rather long. I got the Thai basil chicken which was very good, but I wish there was more chicken. I think it was 30% chicken and 70% veggies. The curry chicken was good, but again, it was my friend's so, while I wanted to keep eating that, it was just too spicy for me. They do have the "levels" of spiciness on the menu represented through number of peppers icons, so that's helpful when ordering.
Overall good experience. There was a good variety on the menu, so I will definitely be back! (Possibly with a bottle of milk to neutralize the spiciness!)5 Stars for the quality/ambience and value. We used to love Cafe Du Laos as a great neighborhood spot, and under the new owners it definitely has improved. Menu has a lot of variety, and the food quality is darn good for the price (think $10-$15 entrees), and so much flavor. Even the mango sticky rice has been taken up a notch. Great place for a quick date night, or even for a group.Ate here on a Sunday at noon and were the only ones in the restaurant.  Based on the reviews we thought the place would have more business.   The service was good,  but food was okay.  Both ordered curries.  Nothing exciting.  Prices okay. Would rather go some place else to satisfy a craving for thai food.This is a great option if you're looking for gluten-free in South Philly. Dinner portions are generous and reasonably priced, service is good, and there are multiple gluten-free options to choose from. The crab meat fried rice is delicious!We went to Ratchada on a Saturday afternoon. We were originally going to Pho and 75 but at the last minute we decided we wanted Thai. 
Ratchada is very pretty restaurant located on 11th St. just off Washington. The decor is very rich and beautiful. The restaurant seemed immaculately clean. The thing I really liked about Ratchada is they offer their lunch special menu on Saturday. Most Asian restaurants that offer lunch specials usually only do this during Monday through Friday. Their lunch specials are a great deal at $7.95 that includes soup. Ratchada had 4-5 soups to choose from and 8 to 9 main dishes on their lunch special menu. 
We really liked the food, it wasn't the best Thai we have had locally, but it was still very good. We would definitely go back when in the area. We would also like to try Ratchada for dinner.The food tasted so great. I like their Tom Zap. Actually I like everything I ordered thai spicy and It was great!!! I will definitely go back.Was here with family last night and what a dinner full of great tasting super delicious dishes, beautifully presented with such a wonderful and accommodating host.  Enjoyed a night full of laughs and fun!  Service was impeccable which made the experience that much better. Great job Ratchada!I am v disappointed with Ratchada and their delivery food lately. The past three times I've ordered takeout from here (over the span of a few months) the food has been near inedible and really....just not good.
Every time I've gotten the pad Thai, there's been little to no sauce so it's like I'm eating noodles with a sprinkle of peanuts. We also got the drunken noodle and my boyfriend ended up throwing out the majority of it. The noodles were so over cooked and turned to goo. After spending $30 on takeout for food that I mostly ended up tossing--I was not happy. 
Hoping Ratchada can turn it around, I was seriously such a big fan. I'm gonna hold off for the next few months and hopefully it gets back to what it used to be in the winter.Beautiful decor.  Great selection on menu. When I couldn't decide what to order, I ordered the Vegetarian Sampler. Great presentation.  
Food quality:  3 of the items on the Sampler tasted like frozen food heated up. Very surprised.  Wish I had ordered Pad Thai  - it looked freshly made.Great service, food was good, lots of vegetarian and vegan options. Beautifully decorated. Wish they had a vegan version of their Thai tea, but it was already mixed with milk. At other places I've been able to have it made with coconut milk.Typically Thai food I America is either too sweet or too generic. Being from New York, finding a decent Thai restaurant is very hard to find. You can't differentiate one restaurant from the next. Having travel to Thailand on a few occasions, my appreciation for Thai food is pretty high up there. Ratchada in Philadelphia is the second best Thai restaurant I ever had in the states. Everything was prepared very well and all the flavors are so well balanced. I had the pad Thai from here and it reminded me from the street carts from the streets of Bangkok. Definitely one of my new favorite places to have southeast Asian food!Amazing food 
Taste is delicious
Phone service excellence
Delivery prompt
I am a connoisseur of Thai food and this place is amazing! 
I promise you will not be disappointed
Please make this your home meal- deliveryMY FAVORITE THAI PLACE IN PHILLY.
Seriously, the best thai food that I have had so far. 
My friend and I had tulip dumplings to start (amazing) and then he had a special steamed lemongrass noodle with shrimp, which was succulent and bright and fresh and perfect for a winter day. I got drunken noodles because  I always do and I was NOT disappointed. 1000 times better than Circles (hah!) and right around the corner from me. I don't know why I havent been eating here more often.isan / lao food is one of my favorites, so was very happy to see this
i found the food to be very mediocre and the service was a bit slow (they had only two servers and the place was full), but the servers were very friendly and helpful.
this was also the first time i had yam pla duk fu (spciy deep fried shredded steamed catfish and mango salad) on the east coast. it was very differently prepared than what i'm used to, but was glad to try it
fyi, there is a liquor store a couple blocks south, so stop by to get some byobUsed to be called Cafe de Laos. Very good food and service. Try the laab salad (cold ground meat salad). BYO.I never really get in the mood for Thai food, so I was kind of hesitant to be dragged here. By the end of the meal I was pretty happy I had come!
I ordered the 'Tofu Delight' and wasn't sure what to expect. If anything, the meal was different than anything I've had before. The tofu was a good texture and the vegetables fit perfectly into the little box of tofu they had created. It was tasty and cute.
The staff is great! One lady for the entire semi-packed restaurant?! I was impressed.Pad Thai was just so so. The thai tea cheesecake was surprisingly delicious. I love thai tea but i thought the flavor would be too strong ...not so creamy and just the right amount of tea flavor.After ordering 2 additional times, i ve been a bit disapointed... either by the quality and quantity... both times... so i ve found an other place that I prefer right now (golden triangle)Best Thai/ Laotian place ever.  We always get the same thing.  Thai sampler, tum yum soup, and fish of the day.  Cook is consistent.  It's always good no matter what. Service is nice food is good. Always a good experience!  If you haven't came, you need to come.Excellent food.
Try the laos sausage (4 small links)
Beef Jerky w/ sticky rice
Chicken Larb
Drunken noodlesMe and a friend decided to check out Ratchada while we were in town. When we walked in we were pleasantly surprised to see a beautiful dining area lined with different pieces of art set off by low, recessed lighting. The tables were beautifully decorated and soft music played quietly in the background. We started with the sampler, a delicious combination of steamed and fried dumpling. Next, the house duck. Soft and moist on the inside and crispy melt-in-your-mouth skin, all over a smoky sweet and spicy sauce. Amazing! Easily the best duck I've ever had. For dessert, we had Thai tea ice cream with fried bananas and the Thai tea cheese cake. The ice cream was delicious, light and refreshing! The bananas were piping hot and serve with chocolate, a nice compliment to the cool ice cream. The cheesecake was also extremely good! I was so full, but I did not want to stop eating the cheesecake. With our dessert we drank iced thai tea, the perfect beverage to end our meal. Who knew there were so many uses for Thai tea?
Overall, the food was fantastic and service was fast and friendly. My suggestion is to get here before the crowds come! I can't wait to go back and try more items off the menu!Not the best pad thai but not the worst. Noodles were dry and the chicken was so so soooooo dry. Color of pad thai wasn't as appetizing, more of a fade brown. The delivery guy smoked so damn much that the food smelled like smoke even after opening. So, maybe have a driver that smokes at least with the windows down? Kind of makes you lose your appetite when you are trying to eat and you constantly smell cigarette smoke from the bowl. 
Average.Great Thai Cuisine, Great Atmosphere, Great Service!
The problem with most Asian Restaurants in Philadelphia, is that they either have a nice atmosphere with either fair food & service, or great food with a poor atmosphere.  After dining here with Friends, I can tell you that Ratchada has both atmosphere, great service, and excellent food!  
   Serving Traditional Thai dishes,  cooked Perfectly,  in a Warm, Cozy, environment.  Service is top notch.  The Ratchada Duck was cooked perfectly, not greasy, not dried out, and served with tender vegetables, and Jasmine Rice.
   The Laotian Sausage Appetizer was a Hit as well as the Fried Shrimp Appetizer.  The Soup looked very good as well as the Fried Catfish dish.  Service was attentive, and Top Notch.  I can't wait to go back.  Parking is available for free at the Plaza across the street.
Enjoy, Chef Gary Curry!Very good Thai food for the price.  Great Tom Yum and coconut soup. Very good main course. Below average salad. Great serviceMy boyfriend lives down the street from this place and thought it would be nice to try it out, and it was! the plating was beautiful and the food was so good! I absolutely love pad thai and it was awesome! My boyfriend tried their chu chee duck and loves it, he loves it so much that he orders it every time we order from here. Every time we want thai food and I'm too lazy to cook, we'll always order from here!Very good and authentic. Tastes like home cooked meal. I got the speak with the new chef. She's awesome and has amazing plans for the restaurant.Awesome food. I had the lard na, papaya salad, and stuffed bell peppers. Also Thai tea and Thai tea ice cream. The place is very nice and adds an Asian feel which is a great combo with the food. And the music is very relaxing. This place was very enjoying.This was a surprise find when a group of girlfriends and I were craving Thai food. We got lucky with a last minute 7pm reservation on a Saturday night but I highly recommend making reservations in advance especially if it's a weekend and you intend to dine after 730pm because Boy..it Did get packed!! The food is yummy, spicy and flavorful. They have an extensive menu including an entire veggie menu although several of their dishes can be made vegetarian. I started with the Tom Yum Soup and Satay tofu which were both enjoyable and filling. I could have stopped there, but absolutely had to try to drunken noodles and absolutely did not regret the decision! The portion sizes are quite generous and we were pleasantly surprised by the reasonable overall bill. This place is BYOB. Service is Ok. Definitely one of my better Thai food experiences.Best thai in philly. Staff is so nice, and the food is just fantastic.  Everything is so flavorful! Their lunch special is awesome. The portions are just right. I have to have my thai fix at least once or twice a week, and when I was living in Philadelphia I frequented ratchada and have been a long time customer since it was originally cafe de Laos. Not much has changed besides the ownership. Everything is still prepared to the nines.  I know good Thai when I taste it.  Where I live now, in Las Vegas, there is Thai in every single shopping center, because it is so popular out here. When I visit home, Philadelphia, I make sure I stop at ratchada to grab a meal.  I know I won't be disappointed! Best Thai around!This place is a GEM!! The food is awesome, nice atmosphere & a super friendly staff. We started our meal with coconut shrimp soup that was so good. It was delicate but had waves of different flavors that would play with your taste buds. Next were Salmon dumplings that were perfectly fried & delicious. The main coarse was Green Curry with chicken & Eggplant stuffed with catfish & red curry sauce over glass noodles, both were terrific. We ended the meal with Thai Tea Cheesecake which was light & yummy. Also this place is a BYOB so you save money on the liquor bill & you can spend it on ordering more of their delicious food!!It pains me to leave a negative review of Ratchada because this used to be my favorite Thai restaurant in the city! Unfortunately, the last few times my husband and I have eaten there or gotten takeout we have been really disappointed and I truly hate to see them going downhill!   I have been eating there for over 10 years and always have highly recommended them to other people. I even had my 40th birthday party there! But I heard that they are now under new management - perhaps they also have a new chef. All I know is that something significant has changed because the care and quality has definitely dropped. 
My husband and I recently ordered takeout from them, despite having a disappointing experience the time before but we thought that was just a fluke. Unfortunately it now looks more like a trend.  The food was disappointing and not up to the standards we have come to expect from them. We ordered the Laos sampler and ALL of it was undercooked. The Laos sausage was actually disgusting because no one wants to eat undercooked pork. The beef jerky was not even reminscent of jerky - it was just...seasoned beef with no chewiness whatsoever. And the spring rolls were SOGGY! And they gave us no dipping sauce which always came with it in the past. We also got the Chu che duck which ordinarily we love. The sauce was still great but the skin on the duck was somewhat lacking in crispiness. Finally we ordered the lemongrass fried rice with shrimp. Somehow, even this was not as good as in the past. The rice was clumpy and the flavors just weren't there as in the past. 
Also, WHY oh WHY would they get rid of the Laab Tuna????!!!!! It was literally one of the best things on the menu - perhaps one of my favorite dishes anywhere in the city and for some reason they have completely done away with it. They don't even offer it as a special anymore.  I have called and begged them to put it back on the menu to no avail. I miss the old Ratchada. Please bring it back! I'm really hoping they can turn things around there because I would love to try them again and give a glowing review. I just can't right now.Went with the family after graduation. The non-eating experience was good; the decorations are really nice, the parking was great, and the waitress was polite.
Got the Laotian sampler as appetizer; it was pretty good and I have no complaints there. However, I was really disappointed with my entree: om laos chicken curry. I'm a big fan of thai-style curry and I was really looking forward to trying a Laotian take on it. But this tasted like watered-down chicken soup, and I was still hungry after I finished it.
With that said, my family liked what they had, so maybe it was just a fluke.Absolutely the best Thai place I've been in Philly! For the past 5 years I've lived here, the choices I've had for Thai food in center city has really been lacking (I have had at least 2 fave thai restuaruants in every city I've lived in in California, so I've been pretty disappointed to not have found one in Philly). 
Although I have to venture south of center city to get here, it's totally worth it. There's plenty of space and the decorations are not too overwhelming. The staff was very attentive the whole time we were there. It started off empty on a Tuesday evening, but as it got busy, we were able to 
The food was great! It's been a while since I've found a place that makes delicious, fresh papaya salad. I was extremely delighted when I saw this on the menu and enjoyed it! We kept it simple and ordered Pad Thai with chicken, which was very flavorful and just the right amount of spiciness (we asked for it spicy). We also had the Massaman Curry Chicken. This was great as well.
I highly recommend this place to everyone who enjoys Thai food. I can't wait to return and try other items on the menu!Quiet private place for a romantic dinner or with friends. For drinks I ordered the Thai iced coffee. Not a very strong coffee. Thai papaya salad for appetizer, not spicy at first but once you get to the end, it does get slightly overwhelming...if you can't take spicy. For entrees, we had the Massaman curry with chicken (large bowl) with little rice and the chef special "young girl on fire". I requested for an extra bowl of rice to finish up the curry. The Massaman curry is on the sweeter side, light with coconut milk and always one of my favorite things to order! Can't go wrong. The young girl on fire was delicious. If you enjoy tamarind, the sauce is amazing to top the chicken. Greatly recommended dish. For dessert, we had to get the mango sticky rice which did not disappoint. The perfect amount of sweetness & condensed milk was used. Service was quick and she came out with brief explanations of the food. I'd definitely come back again!After multiple attempts to get through the busy signal at Circles, we opted to try a new Thai restaurant.  Ratchada was close and open until 10 pm, and had an extensive vegetarian-friendly menu.
We ordered the Pad Thai w/ Tofu, Thai Samplers, and Ratchada Madness.  The Ratchada Madness was by far the best dish, with a perfect amount of spice and flavor.  Portions were moderate with small pieces of tofu and only a handful of veggies.  I found it odd that we did not receive rice with our order, considering the Madness was somewhat of a curry dish.  Our total for the three dishes that comfortably fed two was $40, a bit step for the portions and lack of rice.
I did discover they charged my card twice for the order after arriving home, which is unfortunate and a pain to deal with after the fact.If you're in South Philly and craving some Thai food this is the place to go. If you're not in South Philly and you're craving some Thai food, you should still go here. The new chef has completely revamped the menu and she gives the restaurant a personal feel. She came out and greeted every table, even delivering the food. The staff was friendly and helpful, and it's a BYO which makes it all the better. 
We had the Curry Penang and Pad Kee Mao, both delicious with the perfect amount of spice. 
Would highly recommend Ratchada for a romantic date or a big party, and everything in between.I don't know what was up with the last reviewer, but I have been herea number of times and never had a problem. The food is always good, with few problems. The Pad Thai and the Thom Gah Khai soup are very very very well made. The Lunch Special can't be beat.
The only issue I had, is the credit card machine was down the day I was there, and the waiter neglected to tell us till it was time to pay the bill. As I didn't have any cash on me that made things awkward. I went to the local 7-11 to get money but insisted that they take the service charge off, and they did.I always judge a Thai restaurant by its red curry and this one was pretty darned good!Very good food with above average servings. Service was friendly but on the slow side but I still enjoyed our meal.Papaya salad was large and fresh. My dad loved his curry and we got the large Thai sampler to start which was perfect. I liked the egg rolls in the spring roll the most. Generous portions.Thai doesn't usually travel well -- yes I mean take out but I also mean to Philly. In fact, until we tried Ratchada, I was resigned to travel to Queens for a decent sampling of one of my fave cuisines. Now we get it in the comfort of our home or neighborhood.
After reading great reviews, we tried it once. Then again. And again. And I waited to review it, wondering if it was a fluke.
Yay that it wasn't.
I LOVE anything in their soy vinaigrette. We got this as a dipping sauce for the Thai dumplings which were delicious on their own, but even more flavorful with this sweet, and slightly spicy sauce.
The satay was fantastic -- perfectly cooked chicken skewers with peanut sauce that was just the Golidlocks consistency; not too thin, not too thick, but just right,
We've tried the pineapple fried rice, which, at most places, is fried rice with pineapples in it, but here, it tastes like the rice was cooked with the pineapples and has a slightly sweetness and more full taste.
And the entrees are also well-prepared. We had the Thai ginger once, and that was the one "miss." It tasted like the chicken was sort of throw into the sauce after the fact, rather than cooked in it. The next time, we had the Thai basil which was more like it. It had a bit more spice than we expected, but it was delicious. Everything tasted like it bathed in the sauce for awhile before making its way to us.
The prices are super reasonable and staff is friendly. It's now our go-to Thai.1st time trying Ratchada Thai & Laos Cuisine. Just moved to South Philly, and I just found it, and missed my old Thai place. Really wanted Tom Yum Soup(i swear it has healing powers), got it spicy and it didn't let me down. Wanted to try the drunken noodles also. Got it with chicken and had to get a Thai Ice Tea. Every was great. Had it delivered and it was'nt to bad (45min), and the Driver was really nice! Will try this place again for the Curries and Pad Thai. I will say that I am def. used to a wider noodle for the Drunken Noodle.Firstly, we ordered from Seamless and the meal came after the latest time within the time range, so it took awhile to get our food. We ordered the rice crepes and drunken noodles. The rice crepes were fantastic - super tasty and loved the peanut sauce! The drunken noodles however were mushy, overcooked, dry, and had a strange taste to it (maybe too much fish oil?). Pretty disappointed and will NOT be ordering their drunken noodles again. Though given their reviews & the deliciousness of the rice crepes, I am excited to try their curry next, and will update once I do!I love this place. Great lemongrass fried rice. The green curry is a bit spicy for me, but the real place this Thai restaurant shines is its dessert. Who has Thai tea ice cream and why doesn't every restaurant ever?? Also, they have mango sticky rice year round. Dining in, there is a sweet, intimate atmosphere. It's also byob and right close to a beer and wine place. Also, the pad see-ew is so flavorful and the pad Thai isn't too saucy or peanutty. Just all around wonderful.Very good Thai restaurant for delivery, the best we ve tried for now, meals very tasty and in a right amount.
Fast delivery (only 20 minutes instead of 60-70 indicated, and all the food was still very hot! Perfect experience, will order again for sure.I enjoyed their food! Come relatively fast as well. I ordered something in gluten free and it was not available in gluten free. They called me to help me order something that they were able to make gluten free. Very nice.Dined here with my other half and after much deliberation on deciding which restaurant to go to in the area, we were not disappointed!
For starters, we had TomSab-chicken, Lao PapayaSalad (which is really specific dish for me) both nicely presented and very tasty indeed including the Thai herbs, Thai ingredients and sweet chilli provided. For mains we had prawn PadThai with pineapple fried-rice. What was wondered me is the specific dishes taste pretty good ( I love my papayasalad so much with sticky fish and preserve crab) extremely tasty and fresh so we were very happy! I would definitely recommend dining here as I know for sure we will be back in the future.I feel I have to write this review. I live in the area and go here all the time. I'm a complete foodie and I love this place. The food is good, the service is fine. its a cozy environment and I have never had an issue.  I am sorry that the other two reviewers had such a negative experience.Seeing as Philly has quite a terrible selection of Thai food, I had really low expectations. With Ratchada, I was pretty impressed. Not saying that it was the best ever but it will be good enough to satisfy cravings.
The one thing I admit loving here is the Thai iced tea cheesecake. So so good! I definitely could crave this on a weekly basis!Went to Ratchada last Friday night with a group of 10 looking for some interesting food. Very thankful we did. Service was very strong. Chef came out and talked to the table ahead of time, and told us about excellent specials herself, one of which was a very rarely found giant prawn--which was so good that I asked for the sauce alone to be boxed up to be taken home. Bottles and dishes promptly attended to on the table (we had a lot), glasses were promptly refilled (a key test of mine to see how well a table is being watched). Flavors, however, were what we sought, and boy, did we get. Just excellent. Vibrant. Interesting. Everyone remarked about it on the way home, and in social media thereafter. Decor in the restaurant is very interesting/high-end, and the bathrooms were in very good order (as George Perrier said, "A restaurant's kitchen is as clean as its bathrooms). Easy parking. Rare gem, and if you're looking for something at the next level, past Thai or Vietnamese, then go here. It's good. Very good.Best Thai food I've had in years.  Beautiful decor and excellent service.  New management and chef as of 1/13.  Must try.The food was good but we were a party of nine and  the first dish came out twenty five minutes before the last person got their meal. It really hindered our experience that we weren't able to actually eat together at our meal out.  So overall an okay experienceAbsolutely delicious. Intimate, romantic setting, and delicious appetizers and entrees. Great for explorers of new cuisine or if you just really like curry.This is a nice little gem. I have eaten here quite a few times and have never been disappointed. 
They have great lunch specials which includes a soup and an entrée for a very fair price (under $10). Everything was fresh and well presented. I really enjoyed the Pad Thai and love the Jasmine Soup.
The decor is nice and I really like the music they play. Its all very relaxing and played at a great volume that still allows you to converse with a group of people. 
If you are like me you pay a lot of attention to the bathrooms when visiting a new place. I give the restrooms here a solid 6 out of 10. Very clean and odor free, and that makes me feel confident enough that the rest of the place is kept clean also.Not bad for Philly. Philly really lacks authentic Thai food. We have a long way to go to becoming ethnically diverse in terms of food. A lot of restaurants in the area tend to Americanize their food in fear that the authentic flavors will be too extreme for the American palette. That being said, this restaurant is no different in some ways, but in others was pretty solid. Have the papaya salad, and if you can handle spice, have them make it "Thai Spicy." Try the Tom Zap soup (tangy and salty), and also the Laab. Skip the Yum Woon Sen. I would avoid the sautéed dishes too if you're looking for an authentic Thai experience. If not, then go for anything! It all looked pretty good.Oh ...my god ! Me and my husband spent 45mn driving to try this Thai restaurant. The place was not busy, they were only had 8 customers and so many empty tables in the restaurant. But the hostess didn't greet us or show us to our table. She just stood at the receptionist desk and told us to wait. She wasn't doing anything but stood there.
We got tired of waiting so we just took apon our selves and grabbed our own table. 
The hostess finally came to our table and gave us some menu. She only set 2 plates at our table, no silverware.
We order Thai spring rolls, papaya salad, green Thai curry, and chicken Thai basil.
When the spring rolls and papaya salad arrived, she told us to please enjoy. We told her we can't because there is no utensil to eat with.
Her excuse was she was so busy that she forgot all about it. ( because we are Asian customers)
We waited like an hour before our next course came. The service here is very slow.
The hostess seemed to be very attentive to mainly American customers in the restaurant, but she ignore Asian customers there. ( maybe she's thinking Asian no money .. Look like American customers)
Overall the food is just average. It not terrible, it's just edible.
But when I got home, I have a bad stomach ache. 
So now I changed my minds. Their food is bad. Don't asked me about tips , no way for horrible customers service like that . Let me tell you , if your guy want to try Asian food ..you have to check that restaurants  have Asian  come in a lot or not ? If Asian food  without  Asian..That's  much , you have to think  about that , what  is wrong with that business  . No more this  restaurant. I feel I waste my time .
Please don't waste your hard earned money at this Thai restaurant. You will only regret it in the end.From the area, craving some Thai food. I've been to ratchada before and it was okay; but heard new ownership took over and wanted to give it a second go around. 
The restaurant definitely took a step in the right direction and we had a hell of meal. The Thai dumplings were awesome, as part of the sampler. The curry was perfectly sweet and spicy. 
The kicker was their fried fish, see photo. It was crisp and fluffy - big recommend. 
Definitely will make my way back here again.I love every dishes we ordered. The foods are absolutely delicious. Friendly owner and staff, reasonable price, big portions, clean place, and easy to find a parking. It's BYOB. Highly recommend, I think it's the best Thai restaurant I try so far in PA. Will definitely come back again :)I was incredibly pleased with this restaurant.
I came here for one thing, thai green curry. I came hungry and left more than pleased. my only real requirement for green curry is that it cannot be too sweet. Ratchada's green curry was everything I wanted. Full flavored and perfectly savory. Portion size was on the smaller side (read: I ate all of it and could still have had a little more).
Other highlights include the Laos sampler. Laos papaya salad was intense and not for the faint of palate, but I enjoyed it growing up on southeast Asian cuisine. 
Service was great. Will be returning soon.As a Thai person, I must say it taste like home! the food is really authentic. The restaurant owners are very friendly and helpful. We had Thai Tea, Ka Na Moo Krob, Yum Pla Duk Foo, ratchada duck, Laos Sausage and Mussaman pork. The best ones are the sausage, duck and the Ka Na. Will definitely go back there again! :)This place is as good as it gets! 
BYOB with a very authentic down to earth atmosphere. The new owner takes pride in the food she serves, and she cooks from the heart. The Thai dumplings and the fish are are amazing. Everything we have tried has been so flavorful and delicious. This restaurant is a neighborhood staple, so if you have a craving for amazing Thai you found it.Best Thai food I ever tasted!!!!! Awesome place for a romantic date or just hangout with friends. The decoration is out of this world. Make me feel like I been to Thailand :)We are repeat customers here. I finally decided to leave a review because of the consistency that some restaurants lose after being open for awhile. I love their authentic papaya salad! My new favorite dish is the chicken lettuce wraps. Their tom yum soup is great too. Plenty of protein and just spicy enough that you can enjoy the broth without setting your mouth on fire. Their desserts are great too. Thai tea ice cream, fried bananas with chocolate and Mango sticky rice.. Ughh all great endings to a wonderful meal and evening. The ambiance is warm and energetic. It's usually busy in there so get there early on the weekends. It's also BYOB!Very poor quality of service. Waitress doesn't have any experience to serve customers. Brought up the wrong orders, have no idea about food. The food is not great as before. Completely Cold duck without enough curry sauce. Pad Thai tastes like instant noodles. I guess all of these because it's under new ownership. Feel Very upset that one of favorite restaurant is gone!We really miss Our favorite spot on S 6th street and decided to give this place a try. We went on a Wednesday night. It wasn't crowded and we're seated immediately. The place is nicely decorated with easy parking. The staff were sweet and attentive but the food came out slowly and one dish at a time with wide gaps between. We waited almost 20 minutes for our entrees after the appetizers were cleared. The entrees slows came out, one by one. Two of us sat for an additional 10 minutes before our entrees finally came out -and the place was almost empty. The food was ok. Nothing like our beloved favorite. (RIP).Ratchada is a wonderful hidden Thai gem amongst the large variety of surrounding Vietnamese restaurants. Formerly known as Cafe de Laos (of which I was not a fan), I was skeptical upon trying it under its new name. It's the same server that's been there forever, but he assured us that everything else was different and better.
Boy was he right! I have been here twice now, once for lunch and once for dinner. Both times were delicious. The food was fresh with the perfect amount of requested spice. The lunch deal cannot be beat (soup + entree for $7.95) and I was stuffed for the entire day. For dinner, we ordered too much food and enjoyed the leftovers for lunch the next day.
Bonus: BYOB! And since it's still relatively new, it's not crowded (yet). Spread the word!The duck here is better than any we have ever eaten.  The chef comes to your table hoping you are pleased.  The vegetable dishes and soups are so flavorful.
This has become our favorite restaurant.  So affordable!New ownership.  Very fresh ingredients and delicious food.  Had heard that the ownership changed and food had improved tremendously.  We were not disappointed!  Started with delicious thai dumplings and crepes.  Shared a fish dish, shrimp pad thai and a massaman curry.  Best thai food that we'd had in quite a while.  Will return and bring some neighborhood friends.  Did I mention that this was a BYOB?  Great food, great value -- glad we gave it a try!Hmmmm  just a bit disappointing. Food was just not that good. We ordered 5 dishes and out of the 5 only 2 were okay and the rest were like ordering  $12 Chinese take out food.   Expectations were a bit higher because a friend recommended it highly but not sure about my friend's palate anymore. Service was loud. Not sure why but my server kept yelling across the room. Nice, but why are you yelling yo! Not a place I would recommend but no regrets in trying it. How else do you know right?I was craving for Tom Yum soup. Figure I try Ratchada.   I ordered Tom Yum soup with Seafood and Sai Krog. Sai Krog is a Laotian sausage entree. 
The Tom Yum soup I asked to be very spicy. Which indeed it was very spicy. But is also pretty sweet. So is more like sweet and spicy. The Tom Yum soup I'm used to was sour and spicy, there is no sweetness. I guess that's the Americanized Thai&Lao. 
If you like marinated/flavored sausage, try Sai Krog. It taste good. Food wise, deserves 2 star. But the service is good. The cashier is super friendly on the phone. She have infinite patience even when I got gazillion of questions lol.My new favorite Thai spot in the city! The Pad Thai is so perfect--the sauce is always on point. 
We also always get the vegetarian dumplings or vegetarian spring rolls. Both are amazing and a great size for the price. My boyfriend loves the Pad Kee Mao--again, sauce is always perfect and it has more veggies in the dish compared to other Thai places we have been.
Service here is always great. Whether I dine in or order delivery, the servers are always kind and genuine. 
Pro tip: they are BYOB! Also, card minimum is $15The food is fantastic. Probably the best Thai we've had outside of NYC in the states. The Pad See Ew, Laab, Tom Yum, and Beef Salad are emerging as our favorites but looking forward to exploring her menu further. Also, it's byob!First of all this is one of the best Thai restaurant ever in Philadelphia. Food are pretty much authentic compared to what I eat in Bangkok. Employees are very friendly especially the owner herself. I ordered Chicken Green Curry Fried Rice and came out great (even tho I was skeptical at first) but 100% sure that I will come back here again! Don't miss this spot for Thai food! I tried so many Thai places and this is one of the best out of all of them!I've been here a few times.  It's a nice atmosphere; I especially like the decorations, like the figures of an elephant pack on the side or the hanging embroidery that decorates the walls.  There's no designated parking lot per se, but there is street parking right outside the restaurant and conveniently, a plaza across the street where you can park without being noticed for a few hours.
It's BYOB with no corkage, so that's a plus.  We started out with the Thai sampler.  I guess they were out of Thai crepes, so the waiter asked if we would mind substituting with chicken satay, which we didn't.  The chicken satay was a bit on the dry side.  Most of the items on the Thai sampler came in 3's, which is a little awkward if you're splitting with 1 other person.
We got the chicken curry and the tilapia wraps.  I liked the curry and feel like there was a fair amount of chicken, potato, onion, etc.  I was a little disappointed by the tilapia wraps.  While it's a cute idea - fresh lettuce and toppings like green onions are laid out, along with pieces of fish, for you to make a lettuce wrap, there is a very little tilapia and the amount of toppings is quite small.  Pieces of lime (which include the peel) were some of the toppings but since the peel isn't edible, popping that on your lettuce wrap means you're left trying to politely spit out lime peel.
We had a nice experience here and the waiter was fairly quick and attentive, so we'll probably come back, but I probably won't order the tilapia wrap next time.Take long time for food, waited 45mins. Made me so angry. I don't know why they cooked one food but take too long time . I like the food here I have been here before, second time made me so upset.This place is absolutely delicious!! Everything here is affordable and every time you're done you'll be wanting more. The staff is friendly and very accommodating. My daughter has shellfish allergies and they highlighted every dish and warn us of any oyster sauce that was used. I've been here 5 times in one month. It's so addicting!!Really delicious Thai / Laos food! The only reason they did not get a five star is because it took almost an hour to get our food.
Granted I had great company & we were so glad we ordered appetizers because otherwise we would be starving. But considering this was a Monday night, I would have expected faster service. It was also really crowded, which goes to show this is a local favorite.
Otherwise the service is great, the decor is so romantic and authentic looking & the food is delicious and fresh.Ok.  I am clearly in the vast minority here.  I ordered fried rice with chicken and a red curry dish. My bad that I requested spicy for the curry.  As it was so hot that I could not eat more then 3 bites.  I'll take that one.  But it was also had an unpleasant sweetness. As did the fried rice.  And the chicken in both dishes was dry dry dry. 
Threw both in the trash after just a few bites!  $30 wasted.DON'T MAKE THIS MISTAKE.
Slow terrible service. Food to match.
Came in on a moderately busy night. Ordered and waited 55 minutes for the first of our food to arrive. (No plates or utensils)
Another 5 minutes later we were brought one of the main dishes by someone from the kitchen who apologized as she set it down saying "I won't charge you for this because it's not good quality."
What? Why are you serving it to me then? 
I asked if she would remake it but was given some weird excuse about it being the holidays.  (But not Thai holidays so again...WHAT?)
We didn't eat that dish (chicken pad Thai). The rest was just acceptable, when it finally arrived.Perhaps the best Thai I've eaten
I ate here the other night with a group of friends. We ordered a number of plates and shared them family style.  Here were my favorite dishes in no particular order:
1 - Chicken lettuce wrap - These had so much flavor. I've had these at other restaurants over the years, but these are the best I've had. I especially like the fact that they use romaine lettuce rather than iceberg.
2 - Drunken noodles - We had them with beef.  Outstanding flavor, great texture, and the peppers were cooked just right. Possibly the best thing I ate all night.
3 - Dumplings - We had the pork and vegetable dumplings. I've never had a Thai dumpling before, so I don't have a baseline for comparison here. They were very good, and had a crisp outside with a nice chewiness to them.
4 - Vegetable Fried Rice - Pretty standard thai fried rice.
5 - Beef jerky - Completely unlike any jerky I've ever had.  Served hot, these thick strips of beef were easy to chew and had a great, simple flavor.
And while I didn't taste it myself, the pad thai looked delicious.
I'll more than likely be returning in the future.Everything we ordered was delicious!
Penang curry- curry had a lot of flavors blended together and it was really good. It was a bit heavy and you definitely have to eat with the coconut rice.
Shrimp tom yum nam knon - reminded me of a bit of minestrone... savory with a hint of sour. It was pretty tasty with big pieces of shrimp. Would be good to have during chilly weather.
Definitely get the Laos appetizer sampler! Includedthe laos version of the papaya salad (strong shrimp paste flavor, loved it), sausages, beef jerky, spring rolls... Everything was delicious, but I liked the papaya salad and springs rolls the most.
The restaurant decor was pretty nice and there was some light background music. Good for large groups, date night, or a casual outing.UPDATE: I came back again and the service was much faster! The waitress was friendly and laughed at my boyfriend's lame jokes. Food was just as delicious as it was the first time I came here.Pad Thai was pretty good but the Chilean Sea Bass was AMAZING!!!! 2 thumbs up from me  quick delivery and I got my entire order. I'm super pleasedWe came for lunch after a recommendation. It did not let us down. My fiancé and I tried 5 different appetizers to sample different things. 
The Thai dumplings paired really well with the sauce for a sweet and savory taste. The skin was thin and crispy. 
The calamari was the best I've ever had and deserves its own paragraph. I usually don't like calamari because of the chewy texture. The calamari here was so soft, almost melting in your mouth. It came in a crunchy and very tasty batter. The sauce was the perfect amount of spicy. 
The crepes were good and I enjoyed it on its own. 
The Khao Jee Ping (fried sticky rice with beef and spicy dipping sauce) was really good too. The beef was good on its own, my opinion. The fiancé preferred the beef with the sauce and rice together. 
Overall, a great experience. Great ambiance, music, and the food was truly amazing. This will be a regular spot for us.I have been here twice twice for dinner and it was fabulous each time.
Beautiful decor,  very cool, low music so conversation may be had.
Then the food. 
Corn cakes, chive cakes. chicken satay,  Buddha dumplings. yum yum.
Don't forget dessert, fried banana and chocolate and omg fried coconut pie.
Please patronize this restaurant we need places like this!boy am I happy to find this place after craving for some thai food! I highly recommend the laab salad. It is light and refreshing, full of an explosion of flavors.  The ambiance is romantic with themed tasteful decor.  100% a new philly favorite of mine!Ted Talk Thai? Not that the movie means anything or sounds like a lame date in Palo Alto. Not bad. Millennials turn back to 90's chapter verse..Went last night with friends last night who lived in Thailand for 3 years.   So we let them order and but asked for a few tried and try dishes just in case...  No need all of it was well prepared and delicious.   We'll be back.So excellent. Haven't had a bad dish. Favorites are pad Thai, Pannang curry, basil strir fry, iced coffee, any of the appetizers.I've eaten here twice now and both times got very mediocre food. Tonight, even though the dining room wasn't full, the staff couldn't keep up with anything. There seemed to be a lot of to-go orders, but they absolutely neglected the dining room. Empty water glasses, no employees at all in the dining room for long periods of time, the phone ringing and ringing and no one answering, the food coming out very slowly.
When my partner and I finally got our food--more than an hour after ordering it--they served me the wrong dish, I had to send it back, and she ate as slowly as she possibly could just so our meals would overlap at all. And, as stated above, it was absolutely mediocre.
And don't get me wrong--if a place serves incredibly fresh food, very thoughtfully prepared, I have no problem with a longer wait time. But waiting that long for poorly prepared food. No, no no.
A waste of money and a waste of an evening out.
If you want real and good Thai food, keep looking--and if you find something amazing in Philly please share it. Thai food is one thing I haven't had luck with here.Great Thai food available! The curries, TomYum, Papaya Salad, Chicken Satay, Fried Rice, Pad Thai, and Pad See Ew are my personal favorites!This is the worst Pad Thai I've ever had. It had no flavor, was wet, and was overall gross. I don't know how this place has 4 stars, I was seriously disappointed. Do not go there or order!Got a Thai iced tea to go. It was delicious but they filled the cup up only 80% of the way which was weird and the cup was already on the small-normal size. 
The price was around $3 and some change.This restaurant is A-ok. The atmosphere is actually pretty sweet. Nice touches with regard to the decor and a sweet quiet spot. The service was good. Attentive and accommodating. Our appetizer was good but the food was just okay. If I lived closer (I'm in West, this is in South) I am pretty sure I would order take out from here, but as a restaurant-food-experience, I'm not sure I would dine here again, although I do like that it is a BYOB.  The pork that was in my dish was overcooked and dry. The spicieness was on point but I had a hard time enjoying because of the overcooked pork.  It wasn't bad...it just wasn't great. But it is a nice spot with good people.Just found out this place is under the new ownership since last May. Unfortunately, we had very horrible experiences twice since then. Food is cold, ordered the pineapple duck without any piece of pineapple!service is inexperienced, brought up wrong food 4 different times! Not sure how worse that place can be. Never go back again!I'm really picky when it comes to Thai food because I've been spoiled with really Good Thai food in DC. When I move to Philly of the few places I've tried nothing has been up to par. We were craving Thai food but we wanted to try something new instead of her usual go-tos so we yelped some options and this one came up. Based on the pictures the food looked really well spiced just like what I feel I really enjoy. We came here on a Friday night and it was semi busy.. We decided to get the pate with vegetables, a menu special which was a curry flights, and another special of ground basil Thai with a fried egg. First the ground basil chicken came out and it was so nicely flavored and the chicken cooked so well you didn't even need to eat the rice with it -- The egg was a nice addition as well. Then the pate came out with vegetables and that was flavored really well and noodles cooked perfectly. Finally the curry flight came out and one of the best Thai dishes I've eaten. It came with red curry, green curry, Penang curry, Massaman with roti and some vermicelli noodles. I can usually never pick which curry I want but I loved how I got all four. They were all flavors so well and it was distinctly different and you could tell which one is which. I can't wait to come back to this place and try more of their delicious items. Definitely the best thai place I've had in Philly so far.The food is good and so are the portion sizes! Great BYOB place for authentic, tasty Thai food. However, the service was very slow. I would've given it 5 stars if the service was faster. My food came out first and it was another 5-8 minutes until my boyfriend got his. 
I highly recommend the Penang Curry if you like a creamier curry!Very decorative inside. Good service. Dim lights perfect for a date. I came in with my friend on a Thursday night. Thought there'd be a line but there wasn't. We ordered the pad kee mao with beef and jay curry. Pad kee mao was very flavorful and not too spicy which I had to ask for spices on the side. The jay curry was light and creamy and again not too spicy so added the spice. Also ordered the mango sticky rice which she brought the same time as the food.. the mango was very sour. Wish she told us it wasn't sweet. They gave us half a mango which when I order mango sticky rice at other places it usually comes in a whole mango slices. Overall it was a good place to try but not sure if I'd come backAs Winter is quickly coming to Philadelphia, I find myself in the mood for hot, spicy thai curry.  This time is was Penang Curry. I have been here many times for dinners with friends and find it to be one of the best options for BYOBs in this part of the city. On this visit though, it was about take out.
Order and pay online and then it is simply a quick wait. The Penang curry was perfectly spiced (4/5 star heat) and the bowl was filled to the top. That said, a tip is to ask for an extra side of rice. The sauce is great and even just having rice mixed with the sauce as another meal sounds great to me. 
Here's to many Winter nights ahead being warmed by the curries of Ratchada.They have really good vegetarian options!!! Always delicious every time I order and delivery is quite fast :)