I love this place! Doesn't take me long to get there and the food is great!One of my favorite places to go to in Philly, and I take every one of my visiting friends here! This place has a lot of yummy stores and awesome stores ( recommended: the grilled cheese place at Meltkraft Grilled Cheese, the donuts at Beilers, 4 Seasons Juice Bar, Muellar's Chocolate Co., icecream from Bassetts, and local honey from Bee Natural). I love coming here, and even though it can get really crowded during lunch hours on the weekends, it's still worth it.This might be a bit unfair to have a single review, as each stall has very different fare with a variety of qualities. It can definitely be considered food heaven, but on the contrary on a Saturday morning can be Philadelphia hell. The produce at Iovines is very good and fresh, and very very reasonably priced. It can be hectic but the lines go extremely quickly. The rest of the market tends to have very long lines - but the lines can be an indication of the HAVE TO eat. The Original Turkeys turkey sandwhich with cranberry and stuffing. The Cannolis at Termini Bros (best I've ever had), Becks Cajun Hurricane Sandwhich, Anything at Beilers, but especially their Donuts and their pecan cinnamon rolls, The Reuban or Rachel from Hershels, DiNicks Roast Pork, Dienner's chicken, but most importantly Millers Twist!
Its definitely an experience you dont want to miss as a tourist, and if your a local you already go there regularly!Alright, I remember the first time I went to the reading terminal and being overwhelmed by the barrage of smells, noise, and people walking back and forth experiencing this massive food/dining market all at the same time. In order to save you, my readers from doing the same research I did to find the 'best of the best,' 
Here is a list of my suggestions (you can view my personal reviews as needed)
1. Any pretzels from Miller's twist - $2.5 (soooo delicious)
2. Roast pork sandwich from DiNic's - $8-10 (very intense provolone taste, voted best in many food magazines)
3. Gumbo at Beck's Cajun Cafe - $10 (lots of flavors, big bowel, a little bit salty)
Additional things to try (from other viewers)
1. Beiler's doughnuts
2. Roast duck noodle platter at Sang Kee Peking Duck House
3. Apple dumplings at Dutch Eating Place
If you want to explore, I'd recommend going aisle by aisle first to see what's available before you settle down. Here's my recs:
Step 1 - walk and explore
Step 2 - choose where you want food(s) from
Step 3 - find a table (hardest part)
Step 4 - have one person sit there and then get food.
Step 5 - don't forget to get napkins and utensils
Step 6 - eat and repeatIt's an experience, to say the least!  Not as many good vegan options since Basic 4 left, but it is still a neat place and a good place to get breads, jams, produce, and other delicious things.Food selection is bountiful. Gets a bit crowded which sorta adds to its appeal. All casual selectionsfresh seafood and produce. fresh breads, cheese wheels spices and great restaurants for lunchReading terminal is always crowded. The food is fresh, the people are from different places. The environment is awesome.Go hungry and early!  Can eat anywhere in the market and get a great meal.  Doesn't matter which spot you pick, I've lived in Philly for 6 years and haven't been able to go to every single spot here.  When I last checked I have been to about 75% of all the stands.  It will satisfy any and all cravings you have.  Just follow your nose!This is a great spot for fresh local foods, candies to taste there or buy produce and meats to take home. Great farm to table market place! I wish I lived closer so I could have brought some of them home! I had a Dinics sandwich and some great candies from local companies.Been there many times, we usually go to Spataro's for a great Cheese Steak or a hoagie. They have the best sandwiches in the Reading Terminal Market.Definitely a good place to visit if you're touring Philly with the fun local stands.  The produce market has great student prices, and caters to locals. 
I like the roast duck at Sang Kee's stand.  The soft pretzels.  Any of the Amish meat.  The ice cream.  Actually, I've never had bad food here.LOVED THIS PLACE!
As a former Washingtonian, I have high standards when it comes to markets - Pike's Place really set that bar high....so let me tell you - Reading Terminal Market, well it definitely holds its own!
The market is set up in blocks / gridded districts, as depicted in a map you can view in the center seating area. We walked each corridor and took in the sights of many amazing items - from juices and smoothies, to breads and baked goods - local honey to fresh produce, seafood, meats....sensory overload, as MacRae posted in a previous review - in the best of ways!
Definitely make a trip here!!If you live in or visit Philly, you have to go to Reading Terminal.
- David RounickLove this place! They have everything you could need at the highest quality with great prices. One our favorite Sat/Sunday morning spots! Advice--Saturdays are better to go because there are a lot of Amish vendors that are closed on Sunday.Great selection of a variety of foods. Wish there were some more fusion offerings, but this was incredible!Just the best food in all the land. 3 important stops on the list. Beiler's bakery:pick up glazed donuts and blueberry fritters. Dinics: Get a brisket sandwich with provolone (dont worry, the huge line goes very fast). Millers twists: ANY pretzle, hot dog or stuffed pretzle. SO good.Fun place to try some of Phillys food options. Every time i visit, I always leave with a dozen Beilers donuts, the blueberry fritter is a MUST. So far as far as food, it has been a bit underwhelming. I tried the infamous Tommy's Roast pork sandwich, which was massively underwhelming and coming from someone who lives for garlic, had much too much. The bee candles are AMAZING, affordable, burn so cleanly, and make great gifts. Overall this is a place meant for exploration. I am always finding something new and delish. If you are new to Philly or just have a day to spend Reading is a must do.I love reading terminal market! I've been going there for a while to get lunch on the weekends and it's always the first place I want to take guests who are visiting Philly. Lately, I've started buying more and more of my groceries - produce and meat mainly - there as it's super affordable and very convenient.When I think of Philly, I think of Reading Terminal. Anywhere you eat here is GOOD. Like really good. So good you will call someone and tell them all about it. Don't leave without getting a fresh baked pretzel from one of the Amish women. There is a vegetarian place that is yummy too but it's pricey and the servings have gotten smaller over the years.Very cool location with a bunch of different places to eat at.  Only negative was there not being a lot of space to sit and eat but it was lunch time.Pretty good if you're hungry or an Amish food fan. Prices are pretty steep there, but a fun time.Great location and options. This is a HUGE market. Be ready to ask for a map to acclimate yourself. My review may be a bit premature as I need several visits to properly rate the quality of vendors and food options. I wish the market stayed open later in the workday.If you like food, and you happen to be in Philadelphia, take yourself to the Reading Terminal Market.
Food: all the delicious American foods are available. Shout out to MeltKraft grilled cheese.
Size: enormous. To walk around it takes a good half an hour. 
Location: easy to get there by bus, taxi or uber.it's obnoxious, crowded, and full of tourist traps...but also awesome and full of delicious goodies.  you just need to figure out what the good stuff is!  start with bassett's ice cream.  yum!This place is great! It's a true Philadelphia experience. I don't come here as much as I would like, because I don't always want to brave the huge crowds.  Nonetheless, this is a fantastic place to pick up lunch of any kind, and do your shopping.  I go for the fresh seafood stands, with everything you can imagine.  I also pick up fresh olives, pasta, cheeses, and Amish delicacies.  They have a stand for everything. It's like an old-fashioned European Market, but located inside. Check it out!love the salmon and rice....just wish you could get a seatFun place to check out with lots of good food and interesting people watching.  Some of the best places are Amish-run; be aware that those shops are closed on Sundays.Let's start by saying this is the place to go if u are hungry.  
There are many varieties of food there from Chinese Thai, soul food, burgers, cheesesteaks, pastrami or corned beef sandwiches.  And everything here is fresh and made to order.  I went into this looking for a pastrami sandwich. And Hershel's deli did not disappoint.  The pastrami was cut and served right in front of ur eyes and it was juicy and delicious!!!! 
And if u have a sweet tooth. They have a chocolate spot and a homemade donut shop.  They make the donuts right there. And wow are they to die for.  My favorite donut was the salted caramel and blueberry fritter.   But there were many more flavors to choose from.  
They also have a produce section and also a fresh seafood and butcher as well.   I'm From jersey and would definitely come back to try some other things.Yes it gets SUPER crowded (especially when conferences are in town / lunch time) but it is very unique to have such a bustling and crowded market with tons of diverse food selections.
Definitely a must-see for out of town visitors and for when you want that special sandwich or dessert.  Also, several fruit and vegetable grocers have an astonishing display and variety of fruits/veggies at great prices.This place is amazing - a foodie paradise on earth.. Hot pretzels .. Amish jerky amazing desserts chocolate
wine Chinese food ... We were in town 2 days and went twice!Go there hungry with patience. Everyone enjoying the onolicious food thereReading Terminal is a Quincy Market that had a thousand babies for those Bostonians out there.  There are butchers, bakers, specialty foods and international delicatessens.  The entire bazaar is indoors and would take a couple of hours if one were to appreciate all it had to offer.  There is at least one dining area in the terminal for shoppers.  A great place for people watching, grocery shopping or going for a meal.  Definitely worth the time if you are visiting the area.A must go if you're visiting in Philly or live there.  I was lucky enough to live a few blocks from there for a few years.  There is every thing good to eat.  I must admit that a highlight for me was on of the candy shops with turkish delight during the summer.  Good noodles, amish people selling cakes and breads.  Fresh produce.   It's crowded and bustling in a good way.The reading. Market. Is a okay place. Food is excellent but service sucks people are ignorant they don't help u and the clients or customers are the worstCame into town for an extensive work project and stayed at the hotel directly across from Reading. I was shoo excited and blown away when I walked in and saw the busy extensive options. I compared Reading to the Cleveland West side market and thought reading was winning....however... Shopping here is limited to a small amount of produce and vast amount of food stands selling overpriced food lacking flavor. I tried at least 7 different restaurants and was completely underwhelmed. Its seems quantity over quality is the trend here.Best place for lunch in the city!  Anything you want!  Sang Kee is particularly good!  Duck!  Roast Pork!Place is Awesome! I get everything from fresh fruit and veggies to Amish Beef jerky, wine, meat from a butcher, fresh seafood, bbq sauces, pork sandwiches, gyros and finally juicers and smoothies. You will not be disappointedThis was probably the best indoor market I have seen in the US. There is just so  much going on that you just want to try everything. It is local vendor heaven. You have to bring cash it is so much easier and an empty.  It is also really crowd but that make it fun to see what people are in line for and what might be worth the wait.All I can say about this place is HOLY #$)(#*&!!!!  This has to be the food mecca of the East Coast.  This reminds me of El Centro Market in Mazatlan, Sinaloa MX except everyone hear speaks english.  Picture walking into a Costco where every few feet is a food stand, deli counter, cup cake and pasitisere, ice cream, a stand with only bacon, and the list goes on an on.
You have to stop and eat here, especially Tommy Dinic's which is iconic for their pork sandwhich (which I had) and their brisket sandwich with brocolli rabe (which I had). Portions are massive, could not eat a full sandwiched so I split it with my wife and we also gave some to her friend.  
Not much to say other than this is 5 stars of a place to vist and every food imaginable under the sun.
Go there!
5 starsReading Terminal Market is a wonderful place to visit for people who love food.  There is something for everyone, locals & tourists. You can eat there, or take your finds home. It's fresh because it's local. And oh so good!Fun place to spend a few hours especially if you have a group with different tastes! Lots of really great choices for breakfast or lunch! Lots of hustle and bustle! Vendors punch your Parking garage ticket for discounted parking. Just put the validated ticket in the machine on the ground floor lobby and it recognizes the discountGood street food. Multi cuisine street food severed at this place. Usually crowded. I didn't buy veggies n meat so no comments.Can't live without Miller's Twist pretzels (with the sweet mustard sauce), Grill at Smuckers breakfast wraps, Martin's steaks and sausages, and Profi's breakfast crepes. So much variety it's the best place to bring friends from out of town when you can't agree on something for breakfast or lunch because there really is something for everyone and it's always quality food.Collectively, I can get my groceries (mainly fresh vegetables and meats) for much cheaper price than I can get at my local supermarket.  Plus, everything is fresher, I'm contributing to local businesses, and it's more likely that the food is locally sourced here.  And still a one stop shop!  Don't forget to get $4 parking across the street when they validate your parking (which is just a strategically placed hole in your parking ticket).On a recent work trip to Philly, I chanced to stay at a hotel right in the middle of downtown.  During my trip I had planned to get out see some of the sights (the historic buildings around Independence Hall, the Rocky Statue, and the University of Pennsylvania just to name a few).  Not wanting to have to walk to a fast food joint for lunch, the hotel conceirge recommended taking a short walk to the market down the street.  Keep in mind that this was my first trip to Philly and so I thought this place was nothing more than a corner grocery store.  Oops.
If you have never been to Philly but are looking to make the trip, you absolutely must make this part of your itinerary.  This place will absolutely blow you away.  For the record, this a huge farmers market that serves, well, everything.  Italian subs, cheesesteaks, tacos, sausages, burgers, cajun foods, chinese foods, artisan breads, ice cream and yogurt, seafood, hoagies, fresh produce, specialty cheeses and they even have a full service amish bakery.  And thats barely scratching the surface.
I was only in Philly for five days so there was no way to try out all these places, but I can tell you what I did have was all good.  Carmen's Hoagies were delicious, the Little Thai Market has outstanding chicken dishes, Olympic Gyro had a tremendous Pita sandwich and Beiler's Amish Bakery had an apple dumpling dessert that was out of this world!  In all I think I only had 3 or 4 meals during my trip that didn't come from the market.  For those of you who enjoy farmers markets, this place is the creme de la creme of farmers markets.  
A couple of pieces of information for you if you decide to make the trip.  First, bring cash.  Some of the vendors take debit or credit, but most that I encountered only took cash.  Second, check the Reading Market website for hours for each vendor as they all have different schedules.  Usually a late lunch is a good time to go as the crowds aren't as thick and most of the vendors are still open.  Third and lastly, this is the perfect place if you want to try out true Philly food.  There's other famous spots in town, but if you're crunched for time like I was, this place has all the Philly staples you'd expect.  Pretzels, cheesesteaks, hoagies, you name it.
If you're in Philly and looking to sample some fresh local faire, it doesn't get much better than this.  What Pikes Public Market does for downtown Seattle, this place does for downtown Philly.  A wildly popular local market where people can load up on just about anything.  I don't know when my next trip into Philly will be, but you can bet your bottom dollar on where one of my first stops will be.I have only been here a few times and tried a few of the vendors but I don't think it's possible to not find what you're looking for here. There's choices ranging from gourmet grilled cheese to middle Eastern cusine to Italian or german and on and on. Hard to rate the establishment as a whole because it respresents so many different foods but I highly recommend trying it out.This was our first time here and I love this place! It was a little overwhelming at first, with so much to see and eat. You should definitely try the Brisket at Tommy DiNic's, Pastrami at Hershel's, and a desert  from Termini Bros.Who doesn't love Reading Terminal Market? I worked there for 2 years and also lead a food tour through this location learning about the history, past and present.
Not only are all the vendors local but they are required to serve everything fresh. I worked at Hershel's and they literally cook their meat for 14 hours before serving it and slicing it up fresh in the market. There are tons of Philly gems here including DiNIcs, Carmen's, Bassetts, Famous 4th Street Cookies, Flying Monkey and Delilahs'.
The produce there is fresh and often times cheaper than if you were to get it in a supermarket. The seafood and fresh meats that you can purchase at the market are unbelievably fresh and at moderate prices. It's one of the only places I can go to as a one-stop shop for preparing a meal.
I try to go to Reading Terminal during the week as it gets PACKED during the weekends. The Amish vendors are there from Wednesday through Saturday. As a Lancaster County girl, I'd definitely recommend trying out some of their food if you can get them (especially the Rib Stand).
I honestly can't rave enough about this place. Just come with patience. It's tourist central, and for good reason.This was my first time here and I was impressed.  There are sooo many different eateries and little shops.  This reminds me of the farmer's market at the Grove in Los Angeles.I work near RTM and go here way too much. Here's my quick guide on the highlights of where to eat: 
Breakfast
Beiler's donuts - Ranked by Fodor's as America's 20 best desserts spots. They do donuts well. Apple fritter and Dutch crumb are my favs. 
Beiler's bakery - You'll need to share the blueberry loaf of bread. Honorable mention for the sticky bun, but it's not served warm.
Metropolitan bakery - They do typical baked goods well. I love the almond croissant and various muffins. 
Dutch Eating Place - Breakfast done well. Love the pancakes.
Lunch
Little Thai Market - Their grilled salmon dish (comes with rice and broccoli) is good and affordable ($7 and some change). You can get extra curry sauce and/or shrimp if you pay a little extra. This dish is popular with the locals and you can see a line at lunch time. If there's a long line, I would skip unless you really want to eat seafood.
Sandwiches
Hatville Deli - Corned beef special
Dinic's - Featured on Man vs. Food. Get the roast pork, get it with provolone.
Herschel's Deli - Pastrami sandwich preferably reuben. The corned beef is also good. 
The Original Turkey - thick slices of turkey, cooked perfectly.
Snack -
Miller's Twist - The pretzels are way better than Auntie Annie's. 
Iovine Brothers Produce - eat healthy and get some fruits or nuts for the road.
Dessert
4th Street Cookie Company - My favorite is the chocolate chip with walnut
Basset's Ice Cream
Termini Brothers - Get the cannoli 
Beck's Cajun Cafe - The beignets are amazing, but only served on certain days.
Beiler's Bakery - The shoofly pie and whoopie pie are good and very unique to this culture.
Dutch Eating Place - Hot apple dumpling, the PA Dutch version of an apple pie.
Flying monkey - Get your dessert fix here if you're vegan.
Beverages
Old City Coffee - This hits the spot after all the food you've eaten. Goes great with dessert.MUST CHECK OUT!!
definitely a must do while in Philly. Bring plenty of delicious food home lots of cool spots. I love the selection of choices at this convenient location. Yoy Won't Regret eating or coming here.It is hard to go wrong when you go to the Redding Terminal. First of all, many of the locals shop and eat here so you know it has to be good. The terminal itself has been around for many years and so have many of the businesses that rent space inside of it. 
Whether you want Cheese steaks or Indian food, you will find it here. My only complaint is that there are too many choices. I know there are individual Yelp reviews for many of the restaurants and businesses inside the terminal. Our family sat down to eat meals from 5 different restaurants and they were all tasty. We capped off the meal with a visit to Bassett's ice cream which is one of the oldest businesses in the terminal and the ice cream was fantastic.
A visit to Philadelphia is not complete without checking this place out. It is sure to be a crowd pleaser.Enjoy doing my weekly shopping here, though it's typically PACKED (emphasized for a reason) Good quality produce to be found, good meats, and other trinkets from the PA Dutch like Peanut Butter and Preserves. Organic/raw Honey. Pastry and chocolates, cheese and bread. Coffee and loose tea to be had as well. Some of it is overpriced, as the place is a tourist trap but at the end if you're a regular shopper you know where to go and where to avoid. All in all pretty high quality stuff at reasonable prices. 
Bike parking can be tight, so if you're a rider be prepared for that.
Again, the joint is a cattle car on the weekend, so be prepared for that.This place is amazing!!!  You can easily spend hours exploring everything in there and sampling all the food.  The meat and produce are also priced very cheap.  They even have products that you can't easily find in other markets.I get the Spanikopita from the Greeks, the Pizza from the Italians, The Sushi from the Japanese, the Chicken from the Amish and the fruit from the Koreans.  It's like taking a trip around thew world all under one roof!  A must visit if you are visiting Philly!Foodie paradise. You can spend the whole day eating your way through this food mall. It gets crowded so if you see a place to sit, go for it! Work as a team with your significant other and cover twice as much territory. This is a tourist's delight located right at the heart of Philly.How do you even rate this place? So many different food options, plus other vendors. Go find the little book store in the back! Definitely worth a visit if you're coming to the city. Watch out for the lunch rush though.The oldest indoor market in the centre of town, close to Chinatown. It's heaven for foodies with great options, although very touristy. Try the sampling from the cheese shops as you inhale the smell of cheesesteaks around you. There is even a brewery inside. The prices are not cheap for produce.
Value 3/5
Atmosphere 4/5
Service 4/5
Quality 3/5
14/20Awesome mix of small food outlets and grocery.  You'll come to get the famous Dinic's roast pork with broccoli rabe and provolone.  But when you see how long the line is try the falafel place.  It's fantastic and fast.Ate: "The Famous" from Dinic's, lemon tart from Termini Bros
Drank: A raspberry and pineapple smoothie from one of the vendors.
Liked: Lots of food and interesting things to eat.
Disliked: Crowded!  And I went on a calm day.  Some dude cut in front of me in Dinic's and pretended that I didn't see him.  The audacity!
Chicken: Yes.  I had some chicken wings but can't remember from where. They were acceptable.
Would mom like it?: Yeah, big crowds are mom's natural habitat.  She knows how to sidestep and maneuver in ways I could only dream of.
Would I go back: Sure, next time I'm in Philly.
Recommend:  I'd like to try the pulled pork from Dinic's next time.  That looked really good!What an awesome place! Reading Terminal Market reminded me a lot of the Seattle Fish Market, with an abundance of diverse stalls selling prepared food, market ingredients, and other generally handmade products. While it can be a little overwhelming at times it's definitely a must see on the list of things to do in Philly.The grilled reuben sandwich we had here at the sit-down diner was probably one of the best meals we had in Philly... period! 
Loved the cheapo slim jims too. This place is great to explore in the comfort of air conditioning ;)So much to choose from.  If you don't like eclectic or intl flavors stick with the sandwiches as Dinics, ice cream and Miller Twist pretzels.  If you want to be more adventurous in taste, there are plenty other cultures to choose from.  Make sure to go for breakfast or lunch as they close at 6pm.Visited here for lunch! This place is massive!!! We ended up walking around before deciding what we wanted and it was so overwhelming with all of the options! I highly recommend getting cookies from the 4th Street cookie company. Hands down the best cookie I've ever had!! There's something for everyone here!This is one of my favorite spots in Philadelphia. Though it gets extremely crowded, you'll find some amazing food and dessert spots here (my favorite dessert is Termini Bros!). There's something for everyone, and even if you're not in the mood to eat or spend money, it's a ton of fun to just walk around and observe the crowds and food stands and establishments. Worth the trip, definitely!So many choices! Great for a visitor coming into town. A lot of places only take cash so keep that in mind. Love Smuckers for breakfast.Amish people are cool--their food is rich and fatty and down home fantastic.  The Terminal is CRAZY during lunch time mostly for jurors and tourists but if you go about 1030 and a bit after 2 you're laughing.   If the Home Show or Flower Show is going on--STAY THE HELL AWAY FROM THIS PLACE.  Merchants will put their prices up during this time.  
There's free wifi too so you can chill out with some food and have great people watching for a couple hours.Fun foodie palace! Like a flea market of quality food.Fun place to visit!  Provides a wide variety of food choices and other interesting things to buy.This place makes having no real major grocery store in Center City bearable.  I came here expecting to be able to find all the great fresh meats, seafood, produce, etc. that I was missing and had resigned myself to the idea that I'd just have to suck it up and pay a pretty steep price to get it, but RTM has blown my mind!
Frequented both by tourists and locals alike, this place has everything! I'd say the majority of the shops are food stalls designed for you to order something and eat there (sandwiches, bakeries, etc.) but there's also quite a number of seafood, meat, poultry, and produce places.  Overall, I found the prices of the seafood to be comparable to my local grocery store (but sooo much fresher looking), and the prices of the meat/poultry to be about on par with grocery store prices, if not just a tad more expensive.  If you look closely, you can even find some deals (like ground lamb for $4.95/lb?! I usually pay $7.99-$8.99!)
Come early, avoid weekends if possible, and try to avoid being in the background shots of as many tourists' photos as possible :)Should be made a National Landmark. This is what a big city can afford that smaller ones just can't.Best of the best!!!! Love you, RTM!!!! Top 1st Philadelphian snack and food spot. It's like a food 'hole' for me... if you are here, please check it outThis place is a foodie's heaven. I just wish they were open later into the night.On my gosh 2 weeks  ago we ate breakfast at the Amish Dutch spot !! My blue berry pancakes look like a flat jack and my scraple wow a thick slice everything was delicious!! I will be back because we love to eat !!Definitely one of my favorite markets. So many shops compacted in block and there's anything from sandwiches to sushi to sweets to meats to seafood. It's pretty much endless and they also have fresh produce. You can get almost everything here. It's fresh and the foods are cooked on the spot. Lots of locals come here and tourists also, you would be missing out if you didn't stop by here when visiting Philly.
They have seating areas around the market so you'll have to scout around for that. Some of my personal favorites would be - DiNic's (delicious roast pork sandwich, get it with provolone and broccoli rab), Beck's Cajun Cafe (amazing gator gumbo, full of spice and chunks of gator sausage), Kamal's Middle Eastern Specialties (stop by for a refreshing Lemon Na-na, aka mint lemonade with rose water and also the baklava - so good!).
A little note - if you can help it, don't come on a Sunday because a lot of shops are closed. Best day would be Saturday!Really cool place to grab some food.  Tons of great choices.  If you are at a convention across the street grab lunch here for sure!  Neat place to walk around and can no doubt find any type of fare you are feeling like.Amazing atmosphere. An absolute feast for the senses. So hard to pick where to eat as everything looks and smells delicious. A must stop when in Philadelphia. We went for early lunch at Dinics and bought some cookies that were amazing and ended up returning for dinner before returning to New York! Amazing!!
So many different stalls, so much to see, try, eat and admire! Yummy all roundlove love love this place! Diverse selection of places to eat at, and they always have fresh seafood produce, meats. the Dutch section of restaruants is great as well. The Dutch eating place rocks! Go there for breakfast and get their pancakes, they are huge and the size of the plate!Very interesting to visit a whole block of stalls with cuisines from all over the world. I enjoyed the bakeries, ice cream and coffee the most..THE BEST!!! OMG - ask questions the people are so nice, I bought a few goodies... Sticky buns, peanut butter, chocolate fudge and had a very nice thanksgiving! I ordered the turkey and mash, I don't recall the name, but I was some good cookin! Lol!! They have options for all!! It is a must in Philly!! The only thing... It was so busy!!! But that's a good problem to have! Be ready to navigate through the crowds... And please walk fast!The donuts at Belier's here is amazing. They are ranked top five in the country. There is always a large selection of fresh produce. Carmen's cheesesteaks taste even better than the famous Pat's and Genos. If you like Cajun food check it Beck's Cajun they have amazing food and also sell gator gumbo.I don't need to explain this. Some of the best food in Philly is in here and if you're a foodie you most likely know this. Go now and try everything (especially DiNics).There's sooooo many options here. It is like paradise. Come hungry, leave happy. Literally. This is a great tourist spot that my friend had taken me too. Side note: parking can be a little tough at times since it's a busy area. 
They have a variety of different foods and even desserts for you to fill yourself up on. It's a great experience so make sure to come with lots of money and an empty stomach. I didn't get to try everything here, but just know that there is something for everyone here! Definitely worth the trip if you're in the area !Great place to get a variety of good food. The juice bar is my go to each time I visit. Any visitor coming to Philadelphia has to visit this great market.I love this place. I take everyone who visits me here to eat. So many options and just the atmosphere is great.
Have to get the roast pork sandwich from DaNic's (as seen on man vs food). And the famous 4th st cookies are delicious. There is a beer garden and lots of italian sandwiches that are to die for. 
And then I try to go my fruit and vegetable shopping here - you cant beat the prices!WONDERFUL!! 
Everything from perfectly fresh meats, fish and vegetables to authentic asian cuisine is under one roof.  The prices are reasonable (for the quality), and they have virtually anything you want.  It is a great place to take any visitors or family from out of town, but it is also perfect for weekly shopping.
In my dreams, I can shop exclusively at Reading.Very fun! Loved the people and the shops.  It is crowded though, and I do not recommend bringing a stroller.BRING YOUR WALLET!!!
Some of the BEST meat cutters and pastries, bread bakers, cheese shops and (OYSTERS!) fishmongers in Philadelphia.... mostly because they're almost ALL from Lancaster County.  This used to be exclusively Amish and Italian (I've been going there for 60 years!) and it HAS gone downhill in quality a little in that time, but the overall quality of available products is still far and away superior to just about any shops in the tri-state area, except for specialty food stores.  Not even Weaver's Way in Germantown can beat them, but:
It comes with a price.  A steep price.   You'll find lamb is 20-25%more expensive than imported New Zealand meat, but SO much nicer and fresher.   Fish are clear-eyed and firm, no slimy scales and can be filleted as you like, while you wait.  Pastries/baked goods are fresh, tender and delicious, albeit each carries a hidden five pound penalty... It's worth it!
DO visit if you have the chance, and bring a refrigerated or a "cold bag" with you for the meat and fish.
Your tummy will love you!When you walk in to this Mecca of a market , you are overwhelmed with choices, Everything  for everybody . Wanna cook your own stuff, butchers and fish mongers abound. Amish farmers with Hugh produce and farm vegetables. Cant wait to eat , the list is endless, from Philly cheesesteak to roastpork and broccoli rabe , Deli style pastrami and corned beef, to greek gyros and pizza, I Scream, You Scream , candy counters , bakeries, Breakfast lunch & dinner ..Just Pick 
Some very interesting choices , some very good , some a waste of money .
Choose wisely , There is a reason some vendors are busier then others . 
I tried the overpriced pastrami on rye with Cole slaw. If you ever had Real NYC Deli. Give this a rest. Cheesesteak sandwich is better in some kioks, then others ... look for longer lines with locals . 
There is a seating area, however based on what time of day , Good luck grabbing a seat . Some vendors offer counter seating ( Limited ) . The best time to go is about 10:30 AM. Fresh prep of food for vendors, Breakfast specials and Hardhats chowing down , the quiet before  the storm. By noon the place is crazy.  Its a good place to site see & munchThe only thing that could make this place better would be for them to stay open a little later for people to pop in after work.Great place for locals and tourists.  We took some out of time family visiting the city and stopped for ice cream.  Wish more shops were open on Sunday but that's only because it seems a bit empty with half the place closed.  Still worth a visit!Fantastic food everywhere you turn!  It's a must see, go check it out.  They have such diversity in the food that it offered and you can even find beeswax, candles and unique bar soap.A haiku for Reading Terminal Market:
Senses tingle here
Fresh food and wares call your name
Buy and taste delightseverything you could ever need or dream of, they have it here. busy at lunch time during the week and weekend so it's tough to fit into the normal lunch-break, good people watching spot.  definitely a cool spot to take visitors from out of town.I don't even know where to begin.  This place left me literally speechless.  I could probably write a 5 page review, but I'll spare you and give you the highlights.
*Parking is a pain, almost $30.00 for two hours... unless you get it validated!   GET IT VALIDATED!
*Tommy DiNic's... best sandwich ever!
*Termini Bro's Bakery... yummy cannoli, do yourself a favor and get one!
*The Head Nut... teas and spices, and snacks galore!!
*The Famous 4th Street Cookie Co... I recommend the White Chocolate Chip Macadamia Nut.
*Four Seasons Juice Bar... Good Lord I wish we had one of these near me!  
Those are all the places we hit in my short 2 hours here.  I feel like I could take another trip to Philly and spend at least a week in Reading Terminal Market and just eat my way through.  The people who work and live near here are so lucky!
I've reviewed each of the above places individually too... check em' out!Love this place! You can get anything here and everything is so fresh. I had a crawfish broil with the crawfish i got at the fish market. delicious!I absolutely loved this place. So many great things to eat that it makes me sad I can't stay in Philadelphia and go here every day. Check out the Dutch breakfast place for fresh, home cooked food and friendly service.Oh yeah, I'm  coming back!!!  When I come back to Philly, this will definitely be on the list of places of places to go first.  The enormous offering of food offerings is staggering.  I might browse first, then start all over to choose.   Don't go there starving, or you won't make past Hershel's deli.  A fun place. Had an authentic feel.  Highly recommendHad so much fun getting little bites from different vendors. There were so many options. Love it here!Love this place! I used to live near by off of 13th and race but since moving to Fishtown I miss coming to Reading for Amish Donuts and the Juice bar!Reading Terminal Market is a fantastic location for if you're a foodie! There are many options of places to eat at, all of which serve food fresh and ready to order. The snack stores inside of the Market serve snacks that are made by hand on location. While there are often crowds, this is a good thing. The crowds are explained by the amazing food in every corner of the market. It's totally worth the trip!AWESOME.  We made our way over this past weekend, and although it was sensory overload, it was delicious sensory overload.   I think it will become a regular party of my Philly visits, as there was a whole list of things we wanted to try.  
The things we did try that rocked:
a wheel of brie+figs and toasted almonds... mmmm...
cupcakes at the flying monkey
dark chocolate covered pretzels by muellerThis is my go to place for some fresh fruit and vegetables shopping and to get fresh meat.  There are bunch of restaurants and the place is always packed. The place is very touristy. They have discounted parking near by. Whenever we have any out of town guests,  we always bring them here for some Amish food and cheese.This place is amazing. They have every and anything you can possible need when it comes food. From Greek, to Asian cuisine, you will be able to find it here. I have never found such diversity in one building before. The vastness is what makes this as impressive as it is. The good food, sounds and smells all contribute to make this a place worth visiting. If you can't find anything that peeks your interest, I would truly be shocked.I LOVE this place. It was honestly very stressful and overwhelming the first two or three times I visited because of the vast amount of vendors and people especially when it's busy. However I learned to really like the craziness and bustle of this place. You can do your weekly grocery shopping here and get fresh fruits/veggies, meats, seafood, cheese, condiments, bread, etc. And it is also good for a hot meal for lunch. So many different ethnic vendors. Something for everyone and for tourists visiting Philly this place is a must. Best part is everyone can get what they want to eat for lunch and not compromise for the whole group. Definitely stop by Beiler's for a doughnut afterwards!Pretty cool place to stroll through! Plenty to see and taste! Prices are on the higher side but I guess that comes with the territory. You can find so much here and definatly something for everyone here. All sorts of food snacks desserts and grocieries that u can find here! Definatly worth the trip! Must visit!I love this awesome place. you can easily find something that suits your appetite. Especially try Philly Cheesesteaks which is identified with Philly.Absolutely no complaints. Fun place to go and see a variety of food and grab things to eat.
Very similar to Boston food market and DC union market with the design of a large number of places to eat on a small space.
No complaints.Fun place to explore a ton of different food options.  Almost too much to choose from!  It was very busy so a bit of a challenge with a toddler in a stroller.  Would love to go back and just shop.Great place to go to if you don't know what you're in the mood to eat.  Walking throughout Reading Terminal, you'll be sure to land upon a place that suits your appetite.  There are lots of different venues to peruse through.  Also, a great place to people watch.I love it here. You can walk around and try different things from different parts of the world. The food is always good and the staff is always nice. Only, sometimes it gets too crowded.Best place in Philadelphia. Wonderful for taking a stroll around and grabbing food on the weekend. If you're looking for something fresh that has the variety to feed an indecisive appetite, you won't be failed by RTM.An experience! Very crowded but has truly everything. A create mixture of a variety of different local and exotic foods as well as crafts and shops.For me, as a self-declared food glutton, and fan of local goods, i can honestly say my life in philadelphia would not be as bright if it weren't for reading. I work across the street so the obvious choice for me is to pop in and grab pretty much whatever is making my mouth water that day. Then, in the evenings as i leave work, i consider what i would like to cook that night for dinner. A couple texts between my fiancé  and I and voila! we have decided what delicious, local and fresh dish. 
Some locals might claim this is just a tourist spot but to this philadelphian, it's a very dear part of the philly that I love so much.Absolutely obsessed with Reading Terminal Market. The made to order food is, of course, phenomenal but it's also an amazing (and affordable!) place to do my grocery shopping. The merchants are friendly and helpful and are always open to letting you try things, giving you advice, or offering great meal pairings. It's also a great place for Philly-themed gifts and one-of-a-kind items.Must see in philly. Lots of different food vendors mixed with a farmers market. Must try the Amish donuts!How much do I like Reading Terminal Market? Let me count the ways:
1. Iovine Brothers Produce - Even at the cheapest of supermarkets, I couldn't get a whole bag of the freshest, highest quality vegetables for $5. Same goes to the nuts and snacks on the southern wall, where else can you buy them in such a state of quality at such prices?
2. Godshall's Poultry - Instead of the yellowed, hormoned chicken you get from the supermarket, these are the freshest, tastiest chicken you can find in the city. And fresh chickens do make a difference in taste. Of course, they do have ducks, quails, turkeys and eggs.
3. Martin's and John Yi's is where I get my meat and seafood, Martin's is always a few bucks cheaper and John Yi captures me with their neon signs.
4. 4 Seasons Juice Bar has the tastiest fruit smoothies and blends around. My favorite is Pineapple (for sweetness) + Banana (for texture) + Orange (for taste). Nothing beats a 20oz No.4 in a hot summer day.
5. For your dessert needs, Flying Monkey has the best cupcakes and lemon bars in town. Termini Brothers has a killer chocolate covered banana on a crescent cookie. You can also visit the ladies at Famous 4th for a fresh baked cookie. For something completely evil, you can go to the Amish bakery for a cinnamon roll with nuts AND frosting.
6. Shanghai Gourmet's American Chinese food is as good as any place in Chinatown. Try their fried rice or the Shrimp in Lobster Sauce, it's not on their menu but the jumbo shrimps in the silky luscious sauce is to die for. (gulp)
7. The Spice Terminal will fulfill most of your gourmet needs. Bee Natural has a wide variety of honeys. For cheese and charcuterie, you can visit Salumeria and if not for anything else, go to By George for their pasta sauces, they'll even sell you pizza dough if you want to make something at home. 
It's a vibrant place with lots of other places to discover and it's a great place to walk and browse when you have the time. Just don't stand in the middle of the aisle and block traffic, it can be crowded. Cell phone reception can be on the low side, and it's hard for the working folks to pick up groceries on their way home since most of the shop will close business around 5, but there's the weekend. The Amish generally won't be there from Sundays to Wednesdays but most shops open Mondays to Saturdays and some even open on Sundays.Pros: variety of food and lots of it, decent price
Cons: limited space to sit when it is crowded, taste can be hit and miss
I love this place. I could walk in here for hours just trying one thing to another. It has pretty much all the things that make my stomach happy, me being a food enthusiast. The price is decent. I also like how the whole market seems to always be energetic and buzzing with excitement. There is a crepe place, which name escapes me, that I love. I did say the taste can be hit and miss. But I'm giving it 5 stars? Well, because of the variety. When I found out I didn't like something, I knew I had other options, and lots of them.
I would come back here if I'm in town.Pretty cool selections of joints from which to choose; but, lines way to long!!  Don't go there with a bunch of little kids, there is nowhere for little ones to sit, no boosters, high-chairs fahgettaboudit.  Looks like a fun place to take visiting guests and people with time on their hands.  The burger place across the street is pretty decent, there was no wait at lunchtime last time we tried to eat at RTM.As a local, I usually just buy groceries at Iovine Bros. and the Head Nut here, but for the guilty pleasures, here's my list:
DiNic's Roast Pork - it's in the name
Beiler's Doughnuts - Apple Fritter is the way to go, don't be seduced by anything else (unless it's the Blueberry Fritter)!
Metropolitan Bakery - the sour cherry choc chip cookie w/sea saltI can only base this review on the cannoli I ate from Termini  Brothers. It was everything I hoped, for filled right before eating. Super crunchy shell and sweet and creamy on the inside. Don't forget to get a number just like a deli counter.Was there the other day.  I had been there before, yet not for years.  Was totally overwhelmed by the amount of different types of food and the crowds.  Yet had a good time.This market was easily my favorite spot we visited on a recent trip to Philly. I am pretty sure we could have eaten almost every meal of our trip here and been content.
They have every kind of food you can think of here, from Mediterranean to Indian to Mexican to Philly cheese steaks. They have a lot of stands devoted to fresh fruits and vegetables, meat and fish. They have a number of bakeries with cookies, cupcakes, cakes and donuts. They have spice shops, bookstores, honey shops and souvenir shops.
I personally really liked the Amish breakfast spot with the sandwiches. My husband had the pork roll sandwich and really enjoyed it. I also loved the red velvet whoopie pie from the Flying Fish bakery. We ate lunch here and got the philly cheese steaks at Carmen's. I could have eaten at a lot of the other shops too though!
This is a really fun place to walk around and try a variety of Philly foods. The prices are generally reasonable and there is plenty of seating available to sit down and have a meal. Many places are cash-only and the market can get very crowded on the weekends. I only wish they were open for dinner too!
A must-visit in Philly!This place is ALL about food. So come with a serious appetite. Intensely crowded place. Long waits for food during lunch time, no matter what day of the week it is.
Save room for Bassetts ice cream!
Just be aware that this is primarily a place for tourists. And people who work nearby (for lunch).Lots of cool food and shops to explore. Super crowded on the weekends though. Definitely try out the Philly cheesesteak and cheese fries when in Philadelphia!Going to Reading Terminal Market is like an event in and of itself. There are so many amazing sights, scents and tastes! This place is one of the many things I love about Philadelphia. Anything you want, you can get it here. There's even a bar!
Not only can you get any kind of food you want from a number of sit-down places, you can also pick up fresh seafood and produce--why would anyone shop at the regular grocery store? The prices here are great. 
And the Amish bakeries..OOH the Amish bakeries..Make sure you get there before those booths close, because you do not want to miss out on all the varieties of breads, pastries and pies. My friend introduced me to Shoo Fly Pie from one of those places, and I will never be the same again. Shoo Fly Pie is basically sugar and molasses and butter in a yummy pie crust, and not much else. But when you think about it..what else do you need?
I'm very lucky I work close to this place. Or..maybe, not so lucky, since I am tempted to spend most of the money I make here.This place is typically packed. It's fun and all Philly. I love the freshness of the food and all the choices.Great food, great variety! Great for people watching! Kraftwork (?) grilled cheeses in Valley Dairy was great, try Valley Thunder with Brisket and Mac & Cheese!The Reading Terminal Market is so cool.  It basically has everything you need (food court wise) in one spot.  My husband got the TOmmy DiNic's cheesesteak sandwich with the broccoli rabe where I got lost and confused with all the goodness surrounding me and went for the Jambalaya and Gumbo.  (Although a bit salty, this review is strictly for the Terminal Market).
We were so in awe with the hussle and bustle of everything.  And everything looked scrumptious.  My bff got a pound of Amish chicken wings.  Fried to goodness.  Her daughter (less than 2 loved em).
We finished it off with Bassets Ice Cream on a sugar  cone.  
DO: Make sure you stalk then grab a table quickly.  We had to wipe ours down a couple of times from the previous patrons but it fit all of us so we were good.
DO: Make a round or two of the whole place before you decide where to go.
DO: The ice cream.  It's really delicous and rich on a nice humid hot day.
DON'T: Get lost.  It's a big place and you can easily find yourself all in circles.
DON'T: Get the gumbo.  It was pretty salty.I absolutely LOVE this place. It just smells sooo good when you walk in. My folks moved to this neck of the woods about 30 years ago when I was in college, but I never actually lived here and didn't know about this market until last year. All those trips to visit over the years and I didn't know about this market?!! I can't believe it! 
Well, I know about it now and have been 3 times in the past year (3 visits to the family). This is now a must-do for me whenever I visit. The food in this place is incredible. The pizza! The ribs! The Italian sandwiches! The delis, Thai and Chinese food! The cannoli (filled when you order them)!! There's so much great food here. There are also some very nice markets for fresh meat, fish, and vegetables. 
Here's the strategy that works for us: When I visit, we go mid-week and get there around 11 AM. Then we walk around for about half an hour to see what gets our taste buds going that day. Then we eat! And eat, and eat! We always have a cooler in the trunk of the car for this trip so we can bring home some of the wonderful looking fresh meats or fish. 
This is a must-do if you visit anywhere near Philly. It's a must-do if you live here. I really wish there was something like Reading Terminal Market where I live.Sensory overload indeed. It doesn't matter what entrance you choose to come in at, nor does it matter the mood you were in when you got there. This place is huge, has lots of everything, and you will definitely find something you've never seen before somewhere in a corner here. Lots of vendors selling various wares and items litter the conglomeration of shops and the outside ring has food just waiting to be eaten. It's a great place that, with an unlimited supply of funds, one could stay here all weekend.This place is a head turner. Full of culture and diversity. I ate so much from so many different places. Hands down my favorite stop in philly.One of the best indoor markets I've been to, Reading Terminal is both a local delight and a tourist attraction. It is a foodie's haven, but also has other quirky shops that'll capture your attention for quite some time. 
Notes:
* Must try the places with long lines because they're obviously good. 
* Dutch Eating Place and Tommy DiNic's have those long lines.
* Don't even try looking for spaces in the general seating area unless you fight for them.
* Save room for dessert - Termini Bros Bakery, Chocolate by Mueller, and Famous 4th Street Cookie Company.
* Sometimes, it's worth being extra cold even in the winter - Bassett's Ice Cream.Love this place. Some many choices. Now it is really busy must of the times I have been here. If you are in a group the best thing to do is walk around and get an idea of what you want then divide and concur. Make sure one of you is looking for a place to sit if you your staying. This is a must stop when you are in town.Patience needed during peek hours!!  It gets crowded real quick!  Otherwise, a great and diverse selection of food and desserts.This may be my favorite place in the whole wide world! 
If you visit Philly, and you only have time for one lunch, this is where you go! Great coffee, Chinese food, Amish desserts, chocolate, soul food, ice cream, crapes, Thanksgiving dinner, and of course...Tommy DiNics. 
I cannot overhype The Reading Terminal Market. It's that good and better.I go to the RT for that Amish chicken place. 
The smoked wings are ridiculous.Love the RTM, its a great place to just go in and grab a quick bite to eat or grab some goods to take back home. Needless to say this place can be deadly on the wallet especially if you like a lot of items in there like I do. Come hungry and then shop because trust me you will want to purchase everything in site.This place is like heaven. some of the best food all in one place. A produce section and a lot of specialty grocery items.Love this place!  I always have an idea of what I might eat before I go--turkey platter?  crepes?  If I don't have some idea before I go, I walk around hungry but undecided for a good hour!  For anyone visiting Philly, the Reading Terminal Market is a must see!   And go hungry--you will be glad you did!  My favorites stops are the fresh turkey dinner with mashed potatoes and gravy, or the true French crepes, sweet or savory.  I'm not stuck in a rut, I just can't resist these two spots!We try to stop at the local downtown markets when traveling. It is one of our favorite things to do. This particular market was very busy and filled with a variety of local favorites to enjoy We enjoyed walking around and sampling some of the foods. There is a large seating area in the center of the marketplace.; good luck getting a seat.  DiNics was very tasty and Termini bakery was fabulous! The Almond pastry and Pecan Caramel Bar were incredible. Both could be addicting, so I'm glad we don't live close enough to indulge frequently, but I will be dreaming about both of those for awhile! The only disappointment was that we visited on a Sunday and many booths were closed. I would think weekends would be one of the busier times for them.
Also,we encountered several beggars both inside and outside of the market. Then we later saw them on cell phones eating at the food court with others. There should be some added security to prevent this from happening to patrons shopping. 
TIP -  the parking lot across the street offered a discounted parking pass for $4 for 2 hours with a validated purchase from the market.Perfect place to grab lunch. Dozens of choices to please any picky eater. Whether you're here to quench your thirst or hunger, you'll definitely find something that'll please you! Just be careful to not stand in the middle of all the hustle and bustle so that you don't get run over by wandering tourists lol.If I lived in Philly, I'd be living in the RTM!!! Yup, LIVING there! I was that fascinated. I love love love small vendors cooking up incredible, delectable bites. The croissant at Market Bakery was sooo good! It was flaky, buttery, delicious! I was a little sad that I had to share one with my boyfriend. Capuccino at Old City Coffee, yep, definitely 5 stars. It was strong, rich, foamy and piping hot. I struggle with this temperature issue at lots of coffee joints, including Starbucks. I want my coffee to be hot when it is served. I can adjust it to be less hot, if I want. I can't go the other way!
I digress. 
The cajun shrimp and crab pasta salad was good but I couldn't find any crab in it. The cheesesteak at Carmen's, DELISH! We got ours with roasted hot pepper and mushrooms. The heat was a definite plus!
Finally, Bassett's icecream was a good way to end brunch. 
Definitely coming back here when I visit Philly again!One of Philadelphia's gems, Reading Terminal Market boasts something for everyone. A foodie's paradise!  This is a must visit if not once but several times if ever in the area.  From sweet treats to raw oysters, all the way to fresh produce and some of the best prepared foods you can find.  The cuisine ranges from BBQ, Dutch breakfast, to cajun all the way to Asian.  
One of our favorite finds in the market includes stocking up on fresh jerky and meat sticks (sounds weird but dont knock it til you try it!), which you can buy by the pound and take back with you for a great road trip snack.  
A thing to note: Try to come on any day but Sunday, Monday and Tuesday, as there a lot of Dutch/Amish that close on those days with goodies you don't want to miss.  Also, although it is crowded, it is all very much worth it.  My only regret is not finding Reading Terminal sooner!  Wish we had something like it in Boston!  Truly a gem!Excellent food and shopping right in Center City. It is one of my favorite spots to go to for lunch.LOVE this place for everything from produce, to meat from the butcher, fish from the monger, treats, coffee and local produce and meat.  Eating here is one stop shopping.  Wish it was open for longer hours on weekdays tho!Crowded but for a good reason. Waiting on a long line for anything is always worth it. Don't think it's just a place for lunch and tourists, it's got great and cheap produce for your weekly food shoppingThis Market is Philadelphia! if you can only visit one place in Philadelphia, this is it.
Shop, eat, browse and gaze in wonder.
I have been coming here since i can remember and i am going to start Medicare in May, it has been my favorite place my entire life.Everything you want in one place. Literally, a plethora of food and products all in one location. It is a great place to hangout with friends and for a meal. I haven't had a bad experience yet, except for looking for seating, but everything there is great.I don't think there are enough words to describe Reading Terminal Market and it's an impossibility to review every single vendor in there! The market is big, usually crowded (especially on weekends) and there are food options as far as the eye can see. Whatever you want to eat, they have it and more!
When we came on a Saturday afternoon at about 12:30pm, the market was bustling. It felt like every tourist in Philly was here. From the moment we walked in, our stomachs began growling from the smell and sights of all of the food. There were so many delectable places to eat from our heads were spinning. However, with that said, I did have a few key observations, specifically about the vendors:
Pearl's Oyster Bar - From reading reviews, this is probably one of the most popular spots to eat at because they serve seafood and apparently very good seafood! When I passed by, the place was packed, although they had one of the largest seating areas of any vendor. 
Beiler's Bakery and Belier's Donuts - By far, the most popular desserts/pastry vendor in the market. The line for the donuts was the longest line I saw for any vendor and for a good reason as the donuts looked ridiculously amazing! We ordered a  1/2 dozen for ourselves and are still feeling the effects of how good the donuts were!
Molly Malloy's - They serve tavern/gastropub type food. We ordered the Chicken Pot Pie from here as recommended by many online blogs. The Pot Pie was good, but not great. Although filling, it could've used a bit more flavor.
Beck's Cajun Café - The employees were handing out samples of their soups and Jambalaya, which made it all the more difficult to pass it up after trying out their food. As the name indicates, they serve Cajun, Louisiana style foods --- gator meat, po boys, Jambalaya, Gumbo, etc.
Basset's - The only ice cream vendor in the market and, not only is it rich in history, but rich in many flavors! The employees here were extremely generous with the scoops of ice cream they gave on the cones we got. They were some of the biggest ice cream scoops I had ever seen.
DiNic's Roast Pork - According to the hype, they have arguably the best Roast Pork sandwich in Philly. Unfortunately, we didn't have the stomach space to store the sandwich, but it's on my to go list. The line for the sandwiches was pretty deep too.
There were so many vendors and so many places to eat, I could go on and on about the vendors. If you come here on a weekend, just be prepared for the crowds. It will get hectic and, although there are tables towards the back, its a first come first serve. Trying to find an open table during peak hours can become an issue so many customers actually walk and eat as they go. It's all part of the fun of coming here and exploring the different types of foods served here. It's a must visit if you're in Philly!Organized very intelligently. There are obvious sections throughout the entire market making it a joy to stroll through. You will suddenly find yourself in the honey and handcrafted soaps section, or the eye popping fresh produce section. Everything here seems fresh and local. The prices are affordable and each vendor is willing to tell you about their wares. I saw the coolest mushroom stand here, with more species than I've ever seen in my life. My friend and I bought some gifts for our friends back home since we were travelling in Philly.Add this to your Philly bucket list.  This place is AMAZING!!!  On my next trip I'm renting a hotel near this place so I can get there more easily.  The Reading Terminal Market is filled with foods of every variety.  Some awesome cheese steaks, fresh seafood, donuts, ice cream, candy and so much more.  Everything we ate was delicious.  
My only advice, come hungry.  Come very very hungry.Endless options! There's so much to choose from, yet the two times I've been there for lunch to eat, I went to the same place, Profi's Creperie. It was pretty good! I also got Mocha Chip ice cream from Bassetts Ice Cream. They give you generous portions. In fact, after all that ice cream, I kind of wished they had given me less. I had originally been scoping out a fruit tart, but there wasn't a single one in sight. That was a letdown. My cousin also tried clam chowder from Pearl's Oyster Bar. That was a disappointment, too. Nevertheless, I'll be back!Great market. I love the availability of local honey, whole chicken, raw milk, etc. if you like food this is a must stop- a lot of variety of quick eats. Wish I had something like this close to home. I visited as a tourist and would be interested to know if local like it too.Was excited to go here and first impressions were good. After more exploring it became apparent that the choice and quality of most of the food was limited, with one or two exceptions. The prices are high.I love this place .The food choices are outstanding .Start with the fresh produces and work your way around the baked goods, chicken,chocolates,coffee,prezels Chinese food ,Southern cooking ,juice bar,fresh turkeys,beer and cocktails .You want a decent fair priced meal with food on your plate you need to come here.OBTW if you don't like noises and crowds please avoid this place, But the noise and the crowds  is also part of the charmIt's a great place for lunch, TONS to choose from. There's a sandwich shop right in the center that I like, and the sweet shop near the entrance. The folks from Lancaster are always very friendly, too. (And if you ever get selected for Jury Duty, this is where you'll be going for lunch; probably the only good thing about that!)I remember wandering through Reading Terminal Market once several years ago, but I don't remember being all that enamored.  I'm pretty sure this was before I turned into a Food Network junkie, before I ever cooked for myself, before I had any kind of appreciation for fresh, quality ingredients, and certainly long before I began Yelping.
What my friends and I thought would be a pretty quick trip turned into a two-hour exploration.  Because it was a Sunday morning, the Amish vendors were closed, but since I have yet to sample their wares, I didn't miss them.  There was plenty to choose from: produce, spices, meat, cheeses, seafood, baked goods...  Maybe it was just the novelty of the place, but I felt inspired to create.
When we had finally filled our shopping bags with various fresh finds, we decided to get something prepared to eat.  We ended up at Kamal's Middle Eastern Specialties, where I tasted my first falafel and lamb shawerma.  Delish!  We ended at Flying Monkey Patisserie where, forced with too many choices, I ordered a brownie to eat at that moment, plus 4 different cupcakes to take home.
Since there are less merchants open on Sundays, RTM was not that crowded during my visit.  I was satisfied with the choices that remained, but am definitely curious enough about what wasn't open to brave what I hear will be a pretty chaotic weekday.Everyone who visits Philly needs to make time for Reading Terminal. It is a cross-section of Pennsylvania, with delicious Italian food, Asian grocers, amazing baked goods from the Amish, and local produce and dairy products. We would all be better off if we did our grocery shopping here. 
I also love Molly Malloy's, because sometimes you want a beer and a sandwich in the middle of the day.Prepared foods, produce, fresh meats...the market is a wonderland!  The cheese market is great, the sausage guy has great stuff, and there's a Metropolitan Bakery outpost.  Oh, and Flying Monkey Patisserie.  And the shop that carries Wilbur Buds (drops of chocolate created BEFORE Mr. Hershey introduced his own version nearby, hmm).
Great place for tourists and locals alike. Get a great lunch or some reasonably priced ingredients for dinner at home.  
I also love the fact that you can try different kinds of scrapple at various breakfast joints. They've even got a scrapple festival.
This review started with four stars. But as I wrote the review, I convinced myself that it deserves five.A great place to shop and browse. The veggie section is a must.
Only negative is bookshop in the back sells the vile anti Semitic and anti American rag "The Final Call" the propaganda organ of hatemonger Louis Farrakhan's Nation of Islam.Variety is the key! If you are a visitor to Philadelphia you will see so many styles different cuisines under one roof - all of them respectable to fantastic. 
If you are a native of the city and haven't yet visited - get there!Great first timer!  This is Foodie heaven!  Came down on a Sun around 2pm and the place was already jammed packed.   Thanks for the tips from fellow Yelpers, we tried the famous Dinic's sandwiches (provolone with roast pork) and they were quite good.  I was the 50th one in line but it was well worth the wait.  Washed it down with a blueberry, pineapple, banana smoothie from four Seasons Juice bar.   For dessert, had the famous 4th Street double chocolate chip cookie and it was soft and really tasty!  yum!  We missed the Amish stores as they were closed on Sunday.  Tons of food and things to buy but will have to trek back on a weekday (less crowded).   Only peeves: 1) the cleaners didn't clean the tables in a timely manner and empty water bottles and napkins littered all over the floor.   2) Parking is a pain though (can't find those special lots they keep advertising $4 for 2 hours on their site will try to find it next time around.    Tip:  I found large parking lot on 9th (between Market/Filbert) connects to the Gallery at East Market and it was like 3 hrs for $10.Interesting market - similar to Boston's Quincy market - but more condensed, large crowds but great little shops.This place is AMAZING!!! Whatever you are in the mood to eat, you can find it here. The portions are outstanding and the service is fast. I have not been to a place in here that I did not like.Im not sure... why they have so many good reviews... I mean, the place is all right. nothing too special about it. Bunch of food/shops things you can eat at. They also sell fresh fruit, veggies, fish, seafood. The whole place is relatively clean, but not the most shiny place either. If you are around the area, you can check it out, but dont expect too much - maybe your experience would be better than mine :)Everytime we go to philadelphia we go to the reafing market at least twice. Food is excellent and so many choices. Only problem is not enough seating at lunchtime.a must seeMust go place. From donuts to funnel cake, BBQ to pizza this place was amazing. PS you can eat anything for breakfast.This place is a foodie heaven! If you go...go hungry and carve out a couple of hours so you can meandor around and experience it all! I started at the far right side of the market where I got a directory and worked my way through. There are cheesesteaks (of course), seafood, pastries, soul food, Chinese, Cajun, Italian, Greek, cookies, fresh produce, flowers, fresh meat, and so much more.  There are several stands that cater to organic produce and dairy products as well. They also have stands that sell hand crafted soaps, chapsticks, specialty German items and everything in between. There probably isn't anything you can't find here. TIP!!! Parking in the city is not easy nor is it inexpensive. Park for $4.00 in one of these conveniently located garages:
11th & Arch Streets (Expert Parking)
12th & Filbert Streets (Parkway Garage)
With $10 purchase and merchant validation. Limit 2 hours. BE SURE TO GET YOUR PARKING TICKET AND RECEIPTS VALIDATED BEFORE YOU LEAVE THE MARKET!!! THE DISCOUNT IS NOT HONORED WITHOUT THE VALIDATION. 
If you find yourself in Phialdelphia, it is worth a trip to this market. If just for the history alone (this market has been around since 1892.)Places I've tried and highly recommend!!!
DiNic's: Get the hand carved beef brisket, I really think it tastes better than the roast pork, which kind of lacks flavor
Hershel's Deli: CORN BEEF sandwich!
Bee Natural: Really love their Honey in the Raw
Bassetts Ice Cream: I recently tried their Pralines and Cream... wow!!!
Dutch Eating Place: Unfortunately only open Wednesday-Saturdays, but this place is always my top choice. Their Amish breakfast is the bomb if you don't want to travel all the way to Amish country!A review on the venue and not so much the stores and shops within:
If you live in the Philadelphia metro area, it would be a crime not to visit at least once.  Super convenient to by public transit especially SEPTA's Market East Regional Rail station.
The variety, the personality, the diversity of culture.  Sociological studies could be done here.  You can't not find something delicious to eat for any mood or diet.
Shining stars include the Pennsylvania Dutch place that serves wings and Termini Bros. Bakery (best cannoli I've ever had).It's a Philly institution for a reason. it's great for lunch and also for picking up your fresh produce. If you're there to eat you've got to visit Dinic's, my favourite is the brisket with provolone, but you'll see most people ordering the pork. It's pretty great too. We could spend hours, and we sometimes do, wandering the small shops and buying products from the small artisan producers.It is a must visit if you are in town, but try and avoid the well known places in the middle and venture to the back and sides. Some hidden gems include and olive oil store "The Tubby Olive." It is an adult candy store with free samples of delicious oils and balsamics. 
Beck's Cajun Cafe has some great Po Boy sandwiches and let's you order half of two types --  it is worth trying the oyster. And of course they put Chicory in their coffee. 
The Amish donut stand makes them hot and almost to order. Bacon and Maple is my favorite. And, yes, it is worth every calorie. But they aren't there on Sunday.
Generally worth getting to the Terminal around 10. Lets your venture freely without crowds.Reading Terminal is a defining location of Philly--so how could I not like it? With everything from charming Amish farmers to trendy food artisans to good ol' blue collar cheese steaks,  Reading Terminal fully encompasses what defines Philly cuisine. (Just, please, don't go on the weekends).How can you not LOVE the Reading Terminal Market?  It's a taste of everything Philly in one location.  Is it crowded? Yes.  Can parking be a pain?  Yes.  But will you have a culinary experience liken one other? Yes.  
For a full experience don't go on a Sunday, the Amish stands are closed (I think they're closed Monday's, too), so you'll miss out on some delicious treats and what feels like 1/4 of the market will be closed.  
The Market has changed a lot recently- a few new stands and brand new bathrooms.  It feels cleaner and more customer friendly.  We always stop by The Original Turkey - it's the best!!!This is the best market in Philadelphia. Forget Whole Foods and Trader Joes. This place has all of the fresh veggies, candy, butcher stalls, fish markets, and PA Dutch food you could imagine. And the people watching is pretty great too. Bonus points if you check our Herschel's corned beef special. Yum!I really like this place.  Want ice cream? check.  Want gumbo? check.  How about a vegetarian cheesesteak sandwich? check!  The Reading is a great place to take out-of-town guests, but it's also fun for townies to come for lunch or just to ppl watch.  When I'm in a rush for an ingredient, I'll sometimes stop in here at the spice market for it.  There's also an international food store - sure, they're a little pricier than Whole Foods, but hey - when ur in the midst of awaiting your dough to rise, sometimes you just don't have time to drive to the supermarket.
Some of my favorite places are: the Amish bakery on the NW corner of the market.  They make really good Raisin Bread (you can also watch them making cinnamon rolls), Iovine Brothers Produce (students get a 10% discount on Wed and Sun), OK Lee Produce (students get 10% discount everyday), the Basic Vegetarian (again, vegetarian cheesesteak), Beck's Cajun Cafe (beignets on Wed, also have really good gumbo and jambalaya), and Dinic's (the line is always around the corner for their sandwiches).
Some places take cash only, so it's better if you come with some.  If not, there are ATMs throughout the market.  
Besides food, there are stands that sell jewelry, cookbooks, kitchenwares, candles, lotions, souvenirs - just come check it out if you haven't already - there's usually something for everyone.Great place to go and grab lunch or baked goods, must try the Amish pretzel it's so good!!!I would go back to Philly just to visit the market again. It's an absolute East Coast must-do. I tried Old City Coffee, Meltkraft, Birdies Biscuits, DiNic's meats, Bassett's Ice Cream, Beck's Cajun Cafe, and Loco Lucho's Puerto Rican, plus bought [super affordable and fresh!] grapes at one of the two produce stands and specialty chocolates at the Pennsylvania General Store. Everything was absolutely delicious and the energy is amazing. I cannot wait to go back.First time there last week.  Way too crowded and loud.  Every single person was so nice except for the cook at Spataros.  He was so rude, barking at everybody. He screamed at me for asking if the cheese I ordered was on the sandwich, standing there in his stained undershirt. YUCK.. Will NEVER go to this establishment again. The other servers were nice and helpful.  The chocolates were out of control delish! Parking was a pain. There was some other stands that I would have liked to have sampled and some of the produce and other stuffs looked great but it was a bit much to deal with.This is such an amazing place. I was so overwhelmed but in a good way. Im a huge foodie and wanted to try every place in the terminal. Its a total day of fun for sure. Great eats!!! Its a must try when in PhillyA great way to visit the Amish without having to drive to Lancaster.
The riffraff on Filbert Street is mostly harmless and can actually be entertaining at timesThis is just one of many farmers' markets in Philly but has the distinction of having a majority of Amish farmers and products. Whenever I'm visiting my family in New York I love eating this Dutch Potato Bread. I always thought the Dutch reference was to the Netherlands but now I've realised it meant the Amish. Silly me. One advice is if you want any of their product to make sure you get to the market before 3pm-ish because bang on they will pack up and leave. We had a late lunch of a Turkey sandwich and gravy. It literally is a sandwich smothered in gravy. A fun market.One word:  DiNic's.  Get the roast pork sandwich.  Seafood mongers have the freshest fish in the city and its the only place I know of where you can get a variety of fresh fish roe for frying (not the sushi stuff like Salmon and Flying Fish, think any female fish carrying an egg sac.)Do you wish to have sensory overload? If so, head to Reading Terminal Market, right quick!
The colors, the smells, the hustle-and-bustle of the people who are looking for good eats, and then the good eats... Oh. My. Gosh. It is just an amazing place to...exist. They have seafood, Amish donuts, great chicken, roast pork sandwiches and other deli sandwiches, the country's oldest continuously operated ice cream parlor, and the list goes on and on.
We had very little time to spend in Philadelphia, but our visit here is most definitely one of my most favorite things that we have done. I will be back, and when I do, I will make sure I am truly famished. There are just too many things I want to eat from this place!Best place for anything you could ever possibly want food wise.  We always plan to stop here when ever we go to the city.  Have a delicious breakfast or lunch and pick up something special for dinner.Love this place! There's a donut shop there that makes the best donuts. You'll know it from the mile long line if you go on a Saturday.  I highly recommend visiting on a weekday, if you have the option.The food choices is amazing. I hate the long lines and it is hard for me to find a seat to eat. I use to go the gallery to sit down but it is under construction. The energy is like no other but those improvement would make it so much better.This market offers something for everyone. Coffee, tons of food options, groceries, cute souvenirs and housewares, an insight into Amish farming, and you can even get a decent Philly cheesesteak. It gets busy but still is manageable even during the lunch rush. Best part, as a tourist, is that they have free wifi! So you can start off your day at the market with some delicious food, and plan out the rest of your day while you eat.Love this place!  Need a fresh cut of meat and want to talk directly to the butcher?  Want a whole fish for dinner, but don't know exactly what you're looking for?  Go to the Reading Terminal Market!  It's a fun way to spend a Sunday morning, strolling thru the stands, sampling the merch.  For breakfast, try the Dutch Eating Place (long lines, limited seating, but it moves fast) get the blueberry pancakes and turkey bacon-bit of a splurge, may want to walk home and skip the sub or taxi :)Noisy, Crowded, but whenever I'm in town I go there for the Corned Beef Special and the Cannoli's at Termini's.LOVE THIS PLACE
It is truly a foodie heaven with everything from baked goods to cheesesteaks to gyros in sight and walking distance. Tried the Boston Cream donut from Beiler's and a cheesesteak from Carments. Both had the longest lines (lunch hour rush) but were worth the wait.LOL @ people calling this a tourist trap, overrated, not worth the time... It is downtown and within walking distance to every major location center city Philadelphia has to offer... OF COURSE tourists will come here.
This place is pretty awesome...tourist or not. It has a little or a lot of everything, and there is a good chance if you're in the mood for something... you'll find it here.
This place will be here forever... no Yelp review is going to change that lol.Awesome place to see a mix of Philly food and people culture ! Love all the options  and would have been a 5 star but very uncomfortable walking out being  hounded by addicts as you walk in and out of the entrances . Little too cramped and crowded at times .Amazing place. Very Philly. Bustling food court with fresh and diverse options. Foodie haven for sure.Overwhelming amount of foods to choose from but a definite must! Being your fat pants and eat as much as you can! I can't recommend any particular place but only that you try as much as you can.So cool!! Has many small food stores located inside. My favorite has to be Carmen's cheesesteaks and hoagies!! Amazing taste!Interesting market with a really great range of groceries, fruit preserves, meat, cheese and wine just to name a few. It's noted as a must see local, historic attraction on Philadelphia's tourism website. 
Nice food court with lots of tables and seating. Ending up getting ice-cream from Bassett's and wine from Blue Mountain Wine.
If you're a tourist in Philly, you should definitely stop by.This place is amazing if you are at all a foodie, or just like to experience and taste a city! This place has something for everyone here! My suggestion is bring your wallet, appetite, and make sure you have plenty of time! To many places to try and cram in a hurry!