The broccoli is amazing. You know how you feel in honey grow when you want to eat healthy but the store is packed, the line is long, and the environment is so loud. You feel stressed and uncomfortable. I went to Real Food Eatery with my co worker this week, and it was amazing how clean, calm, and enjoying the atmosphere was. The service was great and patience as we were trying to figure out our order. I got the mushroom caps over brown rice, broccoli and roasted sweet potatoes. I am hooked. And you will be too once you try it out.LOVE this place! I was looking for a simple, healthy and tasty option for lunch and this was perfect!! Will definitely come back next time I'm in Philly!Came here on a Thursday night within an hour of them closing. I was craving some simple, good food after traveling all day and when I saw them on Yelp it seemed to be exactly what I was looking for! 
They had several specials that day, "Mom's meatballs" and cajun shrimp. I got mom's meatballs ($11) over greens with half an avocado (+1.5) and roasted shaved brussel sprouts as my sides, w/ a pesto sauce and then an additional side of sweet potato hummus ($3).
The food came out speedily and was pretty solid- I eat gluten normally but the food was very solid. I would probably give it 3.5 stars if I could because it was good but it wasn't anything special. Most of the food I could make myself at home, but that's the food I was in the mood for when I went. 
The meatballs were good but would've been better with a marinara sauce (I ended up using my hummus and pesto as a sauce for the meatballs).
They didn't really come on much greens so don't expect to be able to make a salad out of your dish.
The brussel sprouts were really good- they were nicely roasted and shaved which made them easy to eat with their (compostable?) utensils.
The avocado half was covered in olive oil and spices which was really yummy (healthy fats + more healthy fats = :) ). The quality of the avocado itself wasn't great but I attribute that more to the fact that it's March in Pennsylvania rather than Real Food's ability to "make" a good avocado.
The sweet potato hummus was pretty good but they only gave me 4 small cucumber slices for a literal tub worth of hummus. I actually ended up going to a bakery afterwards to buy some bread to eat with my hummus (yes, I do see the irony in going to a gluten-free place for dinner and then going to a bakery afterwards).
Their fridge was broken when I went so all of their drinks were luke warm/room temp which was a little strange but they were forward thinking enough to put a sign up offering cups of ice if you wanted.
I also got the rose + pomegranate inspired brews kombucha ($6.50) which was good but definitely not worth $6 (again not Real Foods fault but thought it was worth mentioning).
Overall, the food was solid and it's a nice place to go if you want some simple food with options for customization. I would potentially go back for lunch if I wanted something healthy and easy.I'm gonna make sure they know my name by how many times come here. At least 2-3/wk. I've been enjoying it more over Chipotle but pricing a little higher ($2) for the chicken. With it you get a much healthier meal and ability to customize. I feel better after eating here.Love this place. It really IS 'real food'. This is exactly how I prepare meals at home. Fresh vegis, whole grains, grass fed meat, and the entire restaurant is GLUTEN FREE!!! 
Wish we had one of these in California! Thank you for a delicious and satisfying meal!!The vibe is relaxed and authentic from the minute you step into the restaurant.  The food is simple, healthy and beyond delicious!  I had a Cobb Caeser with seared steak for lunch and it was so so good.  I'm not one of the Kale-converts (old fashioned iceberg works for me) but I would seriously eat this every day.  The portion size was perfect and the price was insanely cheap for the quality of food and center city location.  Coworkers with me were oooing and ahhing over the roasted carrot fries (yes I said fries people) beets and broccoli sides as well.  Looks like we have a new favorite lunch spot!I can always count on Real Food for simple, wholesome meals. Love that they added a plant protein to the mix. While the portobella mushroom was good, I prefer the tofu. Also love the drink selection - kombucha for the win!I've been in town for work this past week and tonight I needed a break from the options of fried food, Asian, or salad and noodle bowls and I came across this place - my only regret is I didn't find it sooner! It was INCREDIBLE. The chicken thighs were perfect and the beets, kale and carrots had just the right amount of crunch.  Everything looked and sounded amazing, I feel like I could have eaten here every night without having the same thing! Highly recommend. Oh and the staff were sweethearts too!A tasty spot to get lunch, but from what my dining companions said, don't get the pork.  I got the steak and I could not have been more happy with it.I was super excited about the concept but have to say it fell short of my expectation. 
Don't get me wrong, it's still a very solid option. You get one main dish (entree) of a protein and two sides. All of their main dishes and sides are healthy and flavored well. Like baked chicken, sweet potato fries, roasted broccoli, etc. BUT, it is nothing that I can't make myself. I mean, I can cut up some broccoli, season it with salt and pepper, and throw it in the oven. None of the ingredients or spices are things you couldn't find in a normal kitchen. So don't expect any exotic or creative options. More like safe options. 
I'd say overall I'm pretty happy with this place, just not blown away.Went back for my second meal yesterday and it was just as good as the first!  The first time I had the roasted pork shoulder over greens (I chose a spring mix with a light vinaigrette, but there is a Kale option as well) and 2 cold sides, the Quinoa salad with raisins and the chickpea salad.  All were very good.  This time I got the salmon with grains (rice) which comes with a deliciously earthy walnut pesto, the roasted sweet potatoes and quinoa salad (again, so you know I loved it!).  To be honest I was concerned that the salmon would be a little dry after the searing, as that seems to happen all to often, but it was perfectly moist.  Great value, too!  This was a lot of excellent food for under $13.  (And the pork was under $10!)I came in here for a quick healthy dinner while staying at a hotel nearby and was really pleased with my meal. I created my own bowl and got tofu with a base of kale and I chose the sweet potatoes and cauliflower as my sides. I went with sriracha for the sauce. The menu clearly labels what is vegan, allergy info, etc. The portion was huge (and very reasonably priced) and I probably shouldn't have eaten all of it but I managed because it was quite tasty. I noticed the tofu was cooked far away from the meats on the grill and the guy used separate tongs so that was a plus. The sweet potatoes were really delicious...probably my favorite part of the meal. The only thing I wished was that the kale was tossed in some lemon juice/olive oil or something because some bites were a bit dry with just the sriracha as the sauce. It's good to know there's a quick healthy food option in Center City and I will definitely be back!I'm with it. Like another reviewer said, it's like a really awesome home cooked meal. In Center City, there are no places like this where you can get something healthy and familiar. It's nice to go grab some chicken and potatoes and broccoli when you don't want to go home, cook, and do dishes. Additionally, there's a little bit of everything: poultry, fish, steak, something for everyone. Prices are reasonable - about $10 to $13 for an entree and two sides.I stopped into this place because I was in town for a conference and wanted to eat something vegetarian, healthy and filling. 
Upon walking in, I wasn't sure where to begin.  I must've asked the staff at least 20 questions and was definitely that annoying customer, but the staff was gracious, helpful and kind despite how annoying I was.  
I ended up getting a side plate with brown rice, broccoli, sweet potato hummus and kale salad.  It was delicious, nutritious and well-priced. I recommend this to anyone who cares about their health, wallet and taste buds. 
Thanks for the great service and grub, y'all!I love the real fresh food at Real Food. It is a great lunchtime option in the heart of Center City. And also good if I need to grab an easy dinner to take home. The pre-defined bowls are my favorites. I appreciate the grill tofu option. The sauces add just the right umami and/or spice. The service is friendly.Was excited to try this place since it's close to where I live and work, but was quickly disappointed. I got the mixed green option meal and the greens were a sopping mess (think greens that just sat in a container of water and they serve to you) I couldn't even eat them and had to remove from my meal. The rest was ok, the meat was decent but the hot veggies I got were kind of dry. Giving it three stars bc I know getting a new place going can be hard and the staff was super friendly, otherwise I would've given it one or two stars, hopefully they can work out the kinks! If I go back I'll be sure to inspect the greens closely.Stumbled upon this place post Flyhweel class, so I was subsequently STARVING. Decided to give this place a shot since I saw tofu on the menu.
I went with the entree and two sides. Tofu as the main over sautéed kale, brussel sprouts and mashed sweet potatoes as the side--all for less than $10! It also came with some sort of tahini sauce, which was also dope. Everything was v flavorful and tasted just like a home cooked meal, which is exactly what they were going for.
Definitely will come back here! Great for an on the go super healthy dinner or lunch.Fantastic! Healthy food, with vegan, vegetarian, and gluten-free options. You can get a plate that includes a protein (meat or portobello mushroom) over rice or mixed greens, with two sides for under $10. There are also some bowl options. There are a ton of healthy sides abailabke, hot and cold. The quinoa salad, roasted carrots, and roasted Brussels sprouts were all delicious! Portion size looked like it was going to be small, but I was stuffed after I finished. Will definitely come back!I'm glad I found this healthy and reasonably-priced restaurant for lunch on a warm summer Sunday while visiting Philly!
The restaurant was clean and the service was good. I built my own bowl with 1 entree (meatballs), 1 base (went 1/2 brown rice and 1/2 quinoa), 2 sides (balsamic beets with walnuts and goat cheese + roasted sweet potatoes with cinnamon and cayenne), and a side sauce of soy ginger. The total came out to be around $12 (the build-your-own-bowl prices are based on the entree), which was very worth the amount of healthy food!
The bowl tasted great, but I wished there had been more than just three on-the-small-side-yet-still-tasty meatballs. Though both sides that I ordered were good, I should have switched up one of the sides for broccoli or carrots since I had chosen such carby bases, so I'm noting this in my review to advise future Yelpers who try this place out!
I highly recommend trying out Real Food Eatery, and if I worked in Philly and in this area I would definitely be a regular here for delicious workday lunches!came here for lunch and was pleased!
it reminds me of farmer's keep (except i think farmer's keep is dairy free) but it was good!
i got CYO bowl (meatballs, chickpea salad, charred broccoli, quinoa, spring mix & sauce) and everything was fresh and delicious! the quantity was generous as well.
price and quantity add up here which is always a plus in my book.
my only tip for the business would be to not give me a sauce bowl worth of 2 tsp for my whole bowl! don't be stingy with the sauces :)This place is doing almost everything right:  The ingredients are fresh, the food is delicious, the decor is contemporary.  The grass-fed sirloin is juicy, in a garlic marinade.  The pork belly is extremely flavorful and not too fatty.  The quinoa salad is perhaps the best I've had.  I enjoyed the beet salad and the brussels sprouts, though not as much as the other stuff.  And the brown rice has a fluffy texture that doesn't suffer from the usual grittiness encountered elsewhere. 
The reason I give it 4 stars is because twice I've left there still hungry.  Some may appreciate the portion sizes.  I would estimate that, depending on what you get, they amount to somewhere between 600-700 calories.  But for big eaters who live active lifestyles, we want more calories for the buck.  Perhaps they should have an option to increase the portion sizes for a small fee.  I'd pay it.  Otherwise, I'd rather pay a few bucks extra for a place with table service, larger portions, and more options.Great spot for a healthy and filling lunch. I like the customization aspect of it, being able to piece together your meal. I am pretty bummed they took the mushroom caps off the menu though, those were my favorite. I like that they recently added quinoa ( I usually always went with the brown rice as my base) but it's a little lackluster. Could use some sort of flavor to it. 
I've always had good experiences here and usually get take out to bring back to work, but the last time I ate in the restaurant I had at least 20 little flies all around me an landing in my food as I was eating. It was disgusting and not what I expected after my previously only great experiences here. Hopefully this was a one-time disaster and it doesn't continue.
Overall - the food is great. It's healthy and leaves you feeling satisfied without feeling like you just ate way too much. As long as the flies go away I'll be back.Had the chance to visit the place last week with my wife. We had the chicken and steak. Both delicious and full of flavor. We really like the roasted broccoli and carrots and also the chick pea salad! Super delicious! We couldn't believe the portions as well. Definitely got more then we paid for! Will be returning for sure!Went twice ... The first time it was around 7 pm .. Food it was dry and not many options left .. Second time was a Saturday around noon .. Food it was it was ok they have every options! Still not impressYum yum yum!!!!! So good! The sweet potato hummus is AMAZING!! I got salmon, it was perfectly cooked, served over rice (but you have the option to get it over greens) and then you get to choose TWO sides! I went with the hummus and the sautéed brussel sprouts, it was the perfect amount of food, filled me up, AND it was healthy too! I'll definitely be coming back again and again!Let me tell you about Real Food Eatery. Its amazing. I am constantly on the hunt for healthy, yet flavorful, lunch options close to work. As an attorney, I rarely have more than 10-15 minutes to get out and grab lunch. I went in to Real Food Eatery today at around 1:30 and was in and out in less than 5 minutes. Granted it was after peak lunch time, but the set up of this place leads me to believe its consistently quick. The worked who took my order was helpful and answered my question easily and did not get frustrated when it took me a second to figure out what side I wanted (no brussels sprouts as listed online! bummer!).  
Now let's get to the important part: the food. I'm currently on a no-sugar added, no-dairy, no-grain 30 day elimination diet. I was able to get a full, filling, and delicious meal here! I got the lemon chicken thighs over greens, with a side of roasted sweet potatoes and roasted carrot fries. The chicken had amazing lemon flavor, without being overpowering, and was crazy juicy. Contrary to previous reviews, I found the sides to be perfectly seasoned--just enough to add something to the natural flavor of the veggies. 
All of that delicious healthy food for under $10. I am so full and happy, and so is my wallet! This is definitely going to become a regular place for me. I can't wait to try more of their food! (I'm looking at you salmon filet!)This restaurant is perfect for people like me who don't usually enjoy healthy food but need to eat better. The food is consistently delicious and well portioned. It's an ideal option for your post-workout meal. The line moves quickly and the food is always fresh. The owners and staff are super friendly and knowledgeable. Can't say enough good things about this place!!!Nataly N has treated me to her MealPal meal at Real Food Eatery twice recently.  I was pleasantly surprised on both occasions.
As you can probably tell from its name, Real Food Eatery focuses on "unadulterated, authentic, whole food that is cultivated in the manner that nature intended."  In my mind, this philosophy meant it was health food focused and I wasn't quite sure what I'd get in terms of flavor.
My first meal was chicken and broccoli.  The chicken came on a bed of quinoa and the dish included some sweet potatoes.  The chicken was cooked just right and all the items on the dish had a lot of flavor. I'm not a fan of sweet potatoes and so they were the only thing I didn't completely finish.  The portion was more than I expected for a MealPal.
My second trip greeted me with chicken, hummus, and a brussels sprout salad.  This time the chicken was on a bed of lettuce.  I missed the quinoa and the hummus wasn't my favorite.  However, again the portions rocked, the meal tasted good, and I left happy.
Prices seem reasonable and I've never had to wait too long.  If you are thinking of eating healthier, Real Food Eatery might be the place for you!I was very excited to try Real Food Eatery since I am always looking for healthy options in Philly. I stopped to pick up dinner and I got the salmon with the kale and beets as sides. The salmon was ok; cooked right but portion was too small. I also thought the sides can be more flavorful. More seasoning on the salmon and sides would make it better!I decided to update my review.   It has been @ a month since I have been patronizing this establishment.  I have upgraded my review to 5 stars.  The staff are very friendly and professional.   Its pleasant to be greeted by name at the door ..."hi, Yusef "  The food is excellent. The preparation is very healthy...and paleo friendly.    After a hard day of work and school, I very rarely feel like cooking....so I am always looking for healthy places to eat.  This is definitely a place that i will regularly patronize.I brought my children to Philly for a quick overnight stay and happened upon Real Food Eatery. My daughter and I are Celiac and were overjoyed to find a restaurant that could safely meet our needs. My daughter had the steak and I had the portobello mushroom cap and both were amazing. The side items were super fresh and tested great (kale salad, chick pea salad, broccoli and brussel sprouts). I had a friend with me and she reluctantly shared the butternut squash curry soup. She loved it! If you're in the neighborhood and looking for something fresh and healthy, give it a try. You don't have to be gluten free to enjoy a great meal!I wish this place was closer to where I live. It was awesome! I had kale, lemon chicken, sweet potato hummus and avocado. Perfect for my dietary restrictions. I'll definitely be back next time in town. Yum!In recent years, there's been no shortage of healthy, whole food eateries downtown catering to the business district lunch crowd. They sprout up like organic romaine after a heavy rain. Some have been pretty good. And some have sucked.
Real Food Eatery has been by far the best. In two visits, everything I've had has been flavorful, properly cooked, and fast! I typically spend about $12 for a salad bowl with protein, two veggie sides, and cheese added. While it may seem difficult to make a combo of seemingly different flavors, everything on the menu plays well together. The meals are light & filling, and your innards will thank you for feeding them something nourishing. 
My only gripe is that, each of the two times, they forgot something I ordered (first time chicken, second feta). While annoying, definitely not a deal breaker. 
Otherwise, this place rocks! 
Pro tip: Try the quinoa with raisins, parm broccoli, beets, and steak.I've been here several times, and the food has always been great. Service is fast, and the prices are reasonable. I wish I could come more often, but it's a bit of a hike from my office.
Plus they have cold press La Colombe!Came here to grab food for a morning picnic when I wasn't feeling the typical eggs-and-bacon combo. I thought it was relatively well priced for this new type of "build your own bowl/plate" establishment that's in a post-Chipotle hipster revival. The food was flavorful and fresh. Would definitely come back again!OMG! walked in off the street, so yummy.got the RFE bowl with sesame sauce on the side. RFE will be my new go to when I'm shopping in Center City. Love this place. better than Sweet Greens and Honeygrow. cheaper than PS&Co company and faster than Plenty!I usually don't write Yelp reviews, but being that this place is relatively new on the scene, I thought I should help them out by sharing my positive experience:
Last week I was heading out on my normal week day lunch ritual when I realized I didn't have time to wait in the extra long line at my usual spot.  I felt a slight sense of panic when It occurred to me that I might be stuck with the Lean Cuisine I keep in the work fridge for emergencies, then I noticed the bright red Real Food Eatery sign staring at me from a block away.  I had heard about the place before, but the words "gluten-free" had me skeptical so I held off on checking it out sooner.  Much to my surprise, the menu was compiled of most of the foods I usually eat--salads, roasted veggies, and grilled meats.  I never realized I was so on-trend with my diet.
Anyway, I opted for the salmon over brown rice with sides of carrot fries and cabbage slaw.  The salmon was moist with no frills (I did add a little salt and pepper), the carrot fries were nicely browned and have almonds and fennel seeds to add some dimension of flavor, and the slaw was fresh, clean and crunchy (and not mayo-based, thankfully).  The whole ordering process was easy, the wait was less than that at Honeygrow, the staff was pleasant, the restaurant was clean with ample seating, and I felt satisfied and healthy after my meal.  
Real Food Eatery: you are a game changer.  Can't wait to go back!Food was really good. But service during my visit was really inefficient. Finished orders were piling up by the cashier and it seemed like they didn't have a system for dealing with that. Also, I'm not sure how they were serving food that day with the fly infestation they had. There were flys all around the serving area and one kept trying to get at my food while I was eating it. There was also a hair in my food.YES!  Fresh, simply prepared foods, combined as one desires.  Whole, clean, and picky-friendly. Perfect, no-guilt but delicious lunch spot.I work on Walnut Street and this place is my favorite spot to get lunch. The portion sizes are huge, and the quality of the food is top notch. The grass fed sirloin melts in your mouth. I'd highly recommend getting food from here.I really like this trend of healthy, fast food places with lots of variety popping up all over Philly. Real Food Eatery is very similar, they have entrees, salads and some soups with a little of Mediterranean flavor. You order at the counter and then walk down to pay for the meal, it comes out in just a few minutes and you can stay and eat right inside. We came at 11am so it was not crowded at all. I tried the veggie bowl with rice, mushroom/kale mix and sesame dressing, I also sampled with butter nut squash soup which was pretty good. I think this is a nice place, but the prices are a bit more than I would expect. Worth checking out!Just went here for the first time and I'm definitely going back! Under $10 for a meal ....large portions -I took half home. Food was fresh and tasted great. Very clean inside and some great drinks that are different. Menu is gluten free and you'd never. Know!I had the Lemon Herb chicken thighs with quinoa, cold Brussels slaw and chickpea salad. Threw on some spicy sriracha as well. Incredible. This place rocks!Big fan of this place. It's basically set up like a Chipotle where you order on a line and food is simmering in pots, but with a wider variety of styles. Herb-rubbed chicken is always good and I hope they bring back the grass-fed meatballs they had for a while. There really isn't any other place in the immediate area that is faultless from a nutritional standpoint - hearty but not swimming in GMO grease and sugar glaze or full of white carbs, with a lot of vegetable options - but also very reasonable; most of the platters are $9-12, with chicken and pork at lower end of the range and beef salmon shrimp at the higher end. There needs to be more restaurants in the world like this where you can get a solid meal without any health-damaging garbage or much in the way of cheap filler ingredients.Great food and location!  I would highly recommend RFE.  I would have given 5 stars but they do not provide the nutrition information online for the food.  This leaves me having to estimate it myself on MyFitnessPal which is inconvenient.  Even rough estimates would be nice if there are small product changes from time to time.  This restaurant targets health conscious patrons, know your audience!  I will be visiting this location again many times.Real Food Eatery is yet another healthy food option on the Philadelphia scene.  It runs on a similar premise to other spots where you create your own bowls.  You begin with an entree and then choose your base and two sides.  I chose chicken with a grain base  and roasted carrot fries and charred Brussels sprouts as sides.  Everything was good enough but nothing distinguished this place above others of this genre .... in fact I like most of the other healthy food option eateries better because their portions seem a little larger and they have condiments and sauces to add.  When I asked about condiments at Real Food Eatery, I was told in a nice manner that they don't have any and that they hope their food speaks for itseif.  Well the food spoke to me that it could use a little kick!Very tasty. I felt like they gave a great portion size for the value, the sweet potato hummus was delicious and to die for. I'd go again, just for that! They also had a cool Cola version of la croix 
The only negative was I smelled really bad after leaving and so did my clothes- i'm guessing the open kitchen is why?As a man who loves simple, high quality ingredients, Real Food Eatery is the fast casual restaurant I've been waiting for. There's nothing else like it in Philly. I will be coming back regularly.I wasn't expecting too much from this place because I was worried that the food might be a little plain, but I was so impressed with my meal! I got the herb-rubbed chicken (with a brown rice base), the warmed beets, and the kale slaw, and literally wolfed the entire thing down. 
The beets came with goat cheese, and the kale slaw reminded me a little of a healthy coleslaw with feta cheese - it was the perfect complement to the beets and the chicken. 
My normal go-to for a well-priced healthy meal in the city is Agno, but this meal was definitely on par and made for a nice change.This place is helping to fill the void for fast yet nutritious food options. Yes they are great for those with food allergies, but it's also just plain old DELICIOUS! I don't even like kale as a general rule, but I enjoyed every bite that was in my bowl! In my dream world Real Food Eatery would own up locations along the turnpike so that I'd never have to eat a gas station sandwich again.I love that there's another healthy lunch option in center city, but don't quite love the price point. It's on par with places like honeygrow and sweet green, but I found the flavors less innovative. All the food does remind me of a good, home-cooked meal, though, so I could probably eat it every day for a long time without getting tired of it! 
The sweet potato hummus is really good, but I wish there were more cucumber slices or some bread/pita to go along with it. Most of the entrees are pretty plain tasting, but you can get a free sauce, so make sure to choose one, especially if you get the mushrooms! They can put the sauce on the side, too, but the sauce is definitely necessary!
One idea for the restaurant ... would it be possible to get just one of the vegetable sides on its own? I'd love to be able to get a side of fresh vegetables without purchasing a whole meal!Ordered for my daughter and used Caviar as the food delivery service. She had salmon, he had lemon chicken! They both raved about the meal, especially the brussel sprouts side. A great way to gift a loved one AND get a healthy. yummy, well rounded meal. Oh, and it was delivered warm!! Whooppeee!! Aren't I the good Mom & mother-in-law!! Real Food Eatery and Caviar you ROCK!!Very tasty, healthy food and good quality. Portions are sufficient, and the food is never greasy. I always start with the kale (no sauce) or quinoa as a base and have had the sirloin which is perfectly seasoned and the chicken thighs are also very good, (but I prefer white meat.) I usually get the broccoli and sweet potatoes as sides, the sweet potatoes are always perfect. The broccoli is a bit salty or over seasoned, but it's still pretty good. They have plenty of other sides and bases to choose from such as spring mix or brown rice, I'm just a creature of habit. I'm always full after a meal here, so it's definitely worth the money and walk from Grad Hospital.
The atmosphere is pretty good now, it's become a bit more rustic which I like. Before they decorated it was a bit too sterile, so I didn't eat inside. Overall high quality, tons of options, and well-prepared food with good portions at a good price (for  Rittenhouse.)Nice spot for a clean and satisfying meal. I got the veggie bibimbop which was good- it would have awesome if they have marinated tofu/seitan they could grill up as a protein. Their only veggie protein option was portabella mushroom--which I am not a huge fan of. The bibimbap was balanced and flavor was solid. The sauce on top made the dish. Rice was nicely seasoned. Thanks to my bestie for taking me to this eatery!Delicious food using fresh ingredients. All dishes are gluten-free.
Platters include one protein, grain or salad and two sides. Prices vary according to the protein you pick. The herbed chicken with kale slaw and broccoli was delicious as was the Very Berry salad. They also have rice bowls. Good price point for healthy, fast and casual food!
My husband and I ate there on a weeknight - it was much better than the typical take-out or delivery options in Rittenhouse. Nice atmosphere too - very clean.
We asked if they deliver and they said that they are currently on Caviar for delivery but will be launching delivery orders and service via their own webpage soon! Can't wait! 
I definitely plan to become a regular.I stopped by for lunch with a colleague yesterday and it was so good that I 1) talked about it all afternoon 2) went home and told my husband about it 3) spent a considerable amount of time looking up recipes to replicate my delectable afternoon 4) came back for more today! Yesterday I got the chicken thighs with quinoa, Brussel slaw and beets with host cheese. There was so much food, I knew I shouldn't eat it all but it was so delicious that I physically could not stop myself! Mmmm... beets... eat them then thank me. Today I got the sirloin on brown rice with cauliflower and sweet potatoes. Also yummy but not as great as my first visit imho so I'm glad I had those beets on the first day. I don't know what else to say. Just eat these things because they will probably make you a better person.Great new addition to the area serving delicious healthy food options with friendly service. I will say I had the salmon which was overcooked for my liking and the pesto didn't seem to be the freshest so there is room for improvement as they get their footing.Great space and good food! It's just off of the main thoroughfare of Walnut, I didn't know it was there because I don't usually walk down 16th. I did a yelp search for nearby lunch and found it! Love the wood floors and matching tables. I got the veggie bowl and added salmon, it had a yummy sesame dressing and lots of delicious grilled kale. My friend got the strawberry salad with steak on top. Good lunch, will be back! Will get my order in a compartment plate next time, looks like a school lunch.The food is really good and fresh but just not filling enough if you're really hungry. I like to go before or after a workout to feel healthy and recharged. The steak is my favorite with the sweet potato hummus and broccoli for my sides!Amazing, healthy, friendly, yummy, menu and customer service. My friend (who is gluten-free) and I walked in just as they were closing, the kitchen was closed, but the owner approached us and offered to prepare any of the cold dishes to go, even though they were shutting everything down. 
He was so kind, friendly, and accommodating above and beyond. On top of a great experience, the dishes were delicious, healthy, able to meet a variety of dietary needs, and inexpensive, yet enough for at least two meals. Highly recommend. Good food. Good people. What more can you ask for?This place had a great atmosphere and good options for anyone, especially people with dietary restrictions. There were meat, fish, and vegan options. The food was flavorful and also really healthy. They had a great variety and also carried a decent selection of drinks.Very good!  I enjoy simple food with great flavor.  All selections are guilt free if you are focused on fitness and nutrition.  
Review is really 4-1/2 starts with slight ding for smokiness in restaurant.  I stopped in last week to check it out and today to buy, both times leaving with smoked food smell on my clothes.  Pet peeve I have...We were really looking forward to grabbing a healthy meal after a week without many veggies. There are a few places we were considering for lunch, but this place seemed like it had the most selection. 
We were pretty disappointed by the options when we got there. They had a few salad dressings but no descriptions of them, and the person who ordered before us seemed to be offered a sauce that wasn't mentioned when we asked for the options. 
The meat was flavorful and tasted fresh, but the roasted veggies were oily and soggy. I was particularly disappointed by the lack of description for the roasted broccoli. It didn't mention on the menu that there was Parmesan in the broccoli, which I cannot eat because of the dairy. If the food labels were listed on the menu - or if you ordered each item as you walked past their descriptions - I probably wouldn't have made this mistake. 
The menu also didn't mention that brussels sprouts were an option, and the man helping us seemed bothered when I asked to change one of my sides. 
Overall, what was meant to feel like a refreshing healthy meal left me feeling bloated and dissatisfied. I was pretty bummed about it, and was kicking myself for not having chosen the other option we were tossing around.I really enjoyed dining here; I came at 3 pm in the afternoon and the restaurant was pretty empty. My food was prepared very quickly. 
The meal was filling and healthy. The chicken was grilled to perfection and the tangy sesame dressing enhanced the brown rice and broccoli. 
The dining area (tables) is kept very clean and there is a bathroom in the back of the restaurant as well. 
I will definitely return to try the Salads!This place is like Chipotle for healthy food. I've ordered quite a few of their plates which include a base of rice or greens and sides. Some favorites include the parmesan broccoli, chickpea salad, and sweet potato hummus. The portion size is substantial & can be split into 2 meals IMO. I recently tried their butternut squash soup, which was slightly spicy and satisfying for a light lunch. Overall, I would recommend Real Foods for a quick healthy meal.If your in town and plan on doing a lot of walking this is the best place we found in Philly for good tasting food that will give you energy for the day.
The pork shoulder and veggies were top notch.  The avocado is seasoned with an oil that I will try to duplicate when I get home.
The servers were very helpful with suggestions is paring food.Came here for lunch and it was great! Got here at 12pm and there was no line. By the time I left around 1pm it was long, and the food proved why! I got the Cobb Caesar Salad with chicken and it was really good! I left feeling full but not that gross feeling because everything was so fresh. It was about $13 which isn't bad for the amount of food and how good it is. I'll definitely be back!I wish we could get one of these in Chicago!  I was in town on business and needed a healthy dinner that was Whole30 compliant.  Location was an easy 10 min walk from my hotel, the prices are reasonable considering the amount of food you get, and the food was delicious.  Fast casual, healthy and Tasty? Sign me up!I love this place! I visit at least once a week and never disappoints. Many options so never boring. Colleagues came to Philly for the weekend for a class and wanted a good lunch spot. Every one of them was impressed by the selection and quality of food as well as the model. Great customer service as well. These should be at every rest stop for great food on the go! So glad to have you guys in Philly.Healthy options and open later than most places in the hood. I'd go back for sure. Lacks a star because portions are not as large as I'd like.There are two kinds of people in the world: those who mix their food into one beautiful creation, and those who prefer to enjoy each food separately. Prior to real food, these individuals were forced to identify with a preselected choice- either the restaurant mixed or did not. Thankfully for the mixies and the non-mixies, real food eatery had a diverse menu which you can choose: to mix or not to mix. 
They also offer a wide range of vegan and Omni friendly selections. I noticed that the chef preparing the tofu carefully avoided cross-contamination. I cannot stress how important this is for anyone who does not eat meats or dairy. 
In addition, their staff is extremely helpful and was able to master the line (there is usually a line) with ease. It's perfect for a quick lunch, and you can easily spend under $10.Solid place for a quick healthy meal. The chicken is DELICIOUS. This is definitely a place where you know exactly what you're getting. The ingredients are all listed on the little placards in front of the dishes. Presentation isn't amazing and the portions are quite small for the price, hence the minus one star. Great place to add to the quick and healthy eats rotation though!Great option for a healthy lunch. Especially if you are not in the mood for a salad.   Good flavors and quick service. Casual vibe. $16+ is a bit on the high side for salmon - esp when the portion is this modest.  Otherwise, no complaints!
UPDATE (4/27/17): Thanks for the info, John C.  Makes a lot of sense and the salmon was delicious. Happy customer!I took out portabella mushrooms over rice with sides of roasted broccoli and sweet potatoes. First, the good news. I really liked the sides. Second, the mushrooms were very good too, but a small serving. My issue is with the boring white rice which was the grain. Why not something more interesting such as barley, quinoa, or polenta? Or, maybe couscous?
Added on 9/14/17
I recently stopped in and was glad to see quinoa was added as a base. I ordered a platter of salmon over the quinoa along with delicious carrots and broccoli. Like my previous review in which I had the portobello mushrooms (sadly no longer offered), the portion of salmon is minuscule. A larger piece and this review would have been five stars.Got the spicy meatball bowl which was really filling and delicious.  Would give 4 stars except the add ons of steak and mushrooms were TINY.  See picture.
Also rec getting it to go since the whole area smelled like their open kitchen and that greasy oil smell took away my appetite a bit and then I smelled like grease for the rest of the night.Healthy.  Fast.  Vegan friendly.  What else is there?
Order a bowl with tofu, roasted carrots, beets, then drown in sesame sauce.  The best!Awesome bowl of healthy food!
Ordered the Avocado Bowl. Simply delicious! Even my 13 year old enjoyed her meal!My fourth or fifth visit and I'm always amazed by the quality of the fabulous choices. I'm always greeted with a smile and knowledgeable employees who want you to love what they prepare. Today's slow roasted pork was fork tender and so tasty! The quinoa salad changes regularly and didn't disappoint. If the warm roasted beets with goat cheese is on the menu, don't miss out on these sweet, earthy gems. And all for about $10?! You can't go wrong.Great service and food. Their gluten-free, dairy free, and vegan options are amazing. The food has great flavor and you know that you're not putting crap in your body. I would highly recommend if you want good quality healthy food on the go.Such a great addition to the neighborhood. I don't know of any other casual food restaurant in CC Philly that offers salmon freshly cooked in front of you within 3 minutes.... for lunch! I've become a regular, and not planning on changing that anytime soon.If you are a healthy foodie this is a must visit. I've only been here once but I love the salmon. Great GF selection which is important for my sister, and you don't have to sacrifice quality of food. I will be returning soon.Finally a health conscious homegrown fast casual restaurant for people on-the-go! It was always challenging to find a healthy hearty option for lunch , as someone who constantly is on the road on a daily basis. Real Food Eatery provided a wholesome nutritious meal, in a clean and modern setting. Simple setup, quick ordering process, friendly staff and delicious menu options. I ordered the Seared salmon over rice, with a side of sweet potatoes and chickpea salad. Salmon was cooked perfectly with a drizzle of pesto, chickpea salad had a nice kick to it and sweet potatoes were an ideal complement to the entire meal. Thanks RFE, can't wait to stop back in!I retract my criticism.  I'm hooked on this place. The chicken is phenomenal, as is the sweet potato hummus.  The quinoa is still the best I've had. Adding a $3 extra serving of chicken, and asking for extra rice, takes care of the appetite issue I mentioned earlier.Went in for lunch with a friend. The food was great! I got the chicken plate with rice, broccoli and the sweet potato bites which had a great little kick to them! I'll definitely be going back!The food is great and the staff are generally helpful and pleasant.  I would give it five stars, but the service at the first counter is terrible.   Specifically, my issue is with the gentleman who usually takes the orders.  He stands there silently when you walk up and he waits for you to start placing your order, then he interrupts you to ask your name.   You give your name and he goes silent again.  So you start to give your order and then he interrupts you to ask whether your order is for to eat in or take out.  Maddening.   Then he asks you want you want to order, after you've already said it twice.  A smile and asking the right questions at the right time would go a long way.This is good eats! I had the pork with greens, carrot fries and Brussels sprouts. The food is simple but cooked well. Maybe a bit over priced at $11 for mine but it was a good well rounded meal. I look forward to coming again.Had grass fed sirloin with roasted broccoli and broccoli sprouts. Very tasty. However it's a little bit greasyWow this place was great.  I work in an office near 15th and locust and have been wanting something exactly like this place.  I had the chicken over grains with broccoli and quinoa salad.  You can choose the sides as you down the line like at chipotle.  They had some Brussel sprouts that looked good that I will have to try next time.  
It looks like they cook the meat when you start to go down the line so it is almost ready by the time you pay.  Everything tasted great!  Staff was nice and the space was clean and stylish.  I have no complaints.  I will be going back often.Leveraging Yelp, found Real Food Eatery.  Fast service and tasty, well prepared meal.  I had herb chicken thighs - wow! So tasty!  Kale slaw - really really good! The quinoa salad was also very good.  Fresh, tasty and fast!  Excellent!Stopped on a bike ride for a healthy meal and got the kind of healthy clean food I love. Well done Real Food Eatery.Great first time experience! Food was delicious. Looking forward to trying more on the menu. Always excited to see a new spot in Philadelphia for lunch and dinner!Food was awesome. Love that there is a place downtown that focuses on quality grill based food. Super simple but perfect.Came to PA to tag a long on my husband's work trip. I was happy to know there were a handful of healthy options here! Real Food Eatery was my favorite by far. I love a good restaurant that lets me create my meal. It's also spacious with plenty of seating. I got the following:
-Portobello Mushroom Cap with Quinoa Salad and Roasted Broccoli and Soy Ginger sauce: The seared mushroom was delicious, especially with the soy ginger sauce. It had a nice Asian flavor to it. I loved the roasted broccoli because it had hints of parmesan in it which made it that much more tasty! If you love quinoa salad, you'll love this one! It was lemony just the way I like it. 
-Veggie Bowl: Don't expect this to taste like your traditional Korean bibimbap--remember that it says 'RFE-style'. The greens and mushrooms were mixed or sautéed together. I got it with their soy ginger sauce instead of the sesame dressing and it was great!
If you're looking for something healthy and of good quality, RFE is the place!$9.00 for some lettuce, half an avocado, and bacon bits...not to mention the staff were unfriendly. Also won't allow you to substitute chicken for the bacon. In general, not worth it.Just stopped in because I was dying to try the place after hearing that they opened the new location recently. I have to say that I am very disappointed in the food. I got he chicken thighs the broccoli, cauliflower and sweet potato hummus. The best thing was the hummus. The veggies all tasted like they were frozen and not fresh which was a total disappointment!! Chicken was ok could have been a bit more flavorful...wound up throwing half the meal away which costed me $13.00 and change! Will not eat here again...waste of money!I live close by, and have been going around trying some of the newish healthy fast food joints, as shockingly, I'm sticking to my NY resolutions. One thing that is frustrating, is that a lot of places advertise how healthy they are, but don't disclose nutritional info. I understand they don't have to if they have fewer than so many locations, but it would be helpful, especially if that's the marketing focus. Gluten free doesn't mean it is reasonable in calories/carbs, etc...
That being said, I thought the food was very good. I really liked how they made my steak to order. The sweet potatoes were yummy (definitely sweet though). I loved the ginger soy sauce. The food is basic, home-cooked kind of food (in a good way) and seems of high quality. I'd say definitely is good for days when nothing else will cut it but healthy home cooking, but you are too lazy to turn on the stove or bring a lunch.I am blown away by the delicious, healthy, fast casual meal I had at Real Food Eatery! Philly needed this! The quality of the food and the price point cannot be beat! This place is 100% Gluten Free, and they did it right. All real food and fresh ingredients.  You order a "plate" and you pick a protein, and then choose two sides. The sweet potato hummus is a must order- its crazy good- literally craving it right now, and they give you cucumbers for dipping. I also had roasted beets with goat cheese- the beets were cooked to perfection. For my protein I had grass-fed sirloin on a bed of greens (so excited to see grass-fed on the menu!!). The steak was unbelievable- seasoned perfectly and seared on the spot. I think my total bill was $11. I can't make all of that food at home for $11! It's a must visit and I will be a regular customer. I can't wait to go back and try everything on the menu!!!I went in with a bit of an upset stomach looking for something "simple" and I found it. I chose tofu over brown rice, Parmesan broccoli, and sweet potatoes. The food was really good with the exception of the broccoli being way overcooked. I prefer a little crunch in my veggies, and might not get this again, it was decimated-like I could have mashed it with a spoon. However on my upset stomach it was satisfying and did the trick. The sweet potatoes were cinnamon and a bit of spice (cayenne?) I also recommend the sesame sauce-I found myself sticking a pinkie finger in to get the last of it out! 
Food was quick and pretty simple to order even with a lot of choices (I recommend preparing in advance so you don't hold up people behind you trying to figure out the system) Essentially you pick a bowl or plate, a protein (or 3 sides) a base and 2 sides. You can get it combined (the bowl) or separate (the plate). As a vegetarian, I really enjoyed the fresh grilled tofu and I appreciate them keeping it away from the chicken on the grill and using separate cooking tools on it. My only issue is that when I left my clothes and hair SMELLED like I worked the flat top for 8 hours. I get it that food smells can linger in a place, but they need to look into adding some vents because I had to go home and take a shower and throw all my clothes in the washer immediately. (I did dine in so maybe if you get takeout it's less noticeable?) Otherwise, food was really good, price was fair for the portion & I'll be back! (albeit in an outfit I don't plan on wearing for the rest of the day)So good! I was looking for a good healthy filling lunch, as I had skipped breakfast. This was perfect! I had the grilled portobello over spring mix with a side of roasted sweet potatoes and a fresh chickpea salad...with ginger dressing. This was so satisfying and delicious. The walk back to the office was torture smelling the perfectly seasoned and grilled portobello in the bag! I could eat there several times a week. There are several gluten free and vegan options, too.My husband and I both got the rice, chicken, carrot fries with toasted almonds, and beets. We thought it all tasted fabulous, although we both wanted more salt (me a little, him a lot). (We found the salt after a bit of asking around the room.) We often like very different kinds of food so I thought it said a lot that we were both happy with our meals. We're both gluten-free right now, doctor's orders for two completely different reasons, so it was a treat to find a healthy, delicious, reasonably priced, fast dinner before our show at the kimmel center.Good idea, poor execution.  I've been here twice and tried different options each time and was disappointed each time. The food doesn't seem as fresh as other "healthy" places, perhaps it's because the food is pre-cooked for faster service, which results in it being over-cooked when it is finally served...and I don't show up late in the day, I've visited each time right around noon, when thing should be at their peak.  Outside of the quality of the food, the flavors are a bit bland. Again, this could be better with a bit better timing and care, but as is, it is not good at all.The protein (chicken) grain (brown rice) and veggies were okay. However, my issue was with one of the staff who was multitasking. I guess it never occurred to him, or the owner who was on the premises that food handlers should not use the same gloves to take money and also handle food, as this may cause cross contamination. 
Apparently this place must not be doing so well and are cutting corners by not having a separate staff member to handle money and some one to handle cooked or ready to eat foods. At the very least, if you (owner) are short on staff, have a box of gloves on hand for your workers to take off when handling money and wash their hands before putting gloves on before touching cooked or ready to eat foods. 
In any case, I won't be coming back to a place that does not practice  good hygiene.Food isn't that great. Ordered the pork shoulder and a salad. Neither meal looked very appealing. The salad was super salty and oily. The pork shoulder, rice and quinoa were all soaked in oil too. Little flavor aside from that. The sweet potatoes were also under cooked.  I was given an option to add a sauce but no real guidance on what pairs with what, and none really stood out as a good topping. 
Overall sub par food for Philly. Plus their to-go trays need to be put into their bags sideways to carry home.Im new to the idea of being vegan, mostly because I'm scared it will be so difficult, but places like Real Food Eatery make life so simple! 
First, I loved the clean yet cozy look of the place as I walked in. They have a build your own bowl type menu, as well as some prebuilt selections. Everything was very easy to understand. 
And then, the most important part: the food! It was absolutely delicious!! I got half spring mix and half kale as my base (yes, they let you half and half it!) tofu and my protein (which was the best tofu I've ever had!) and then you get to pick two "sides." They have a range of hot or cold sides, all of them sounded so delicious. I highly recommend the beets! 
Finally, you pay once you receive your bowl, and it wasn't over price (like I sort of expect from fancy vegan places) My bowl was less than $10. I cant wait to try all of their side options. I will for sure be back!
P.S. - They do have amazing options for vegans, but there are plenty of non vegan options for carnivores as well! Everyone can eat here in harmony :)Food was good however customer service was zero! Not only was my 1st time there it was 1st time for my friends. The beard guy that toke our order was unforgettable rude and pretentious. I almost walked out without spending my money at this place because of how this guy was rude. With a rude ton of voice he asked for my order so I started tell him and he cuts me off and says "well... can I get your name 1st" like is my 100 time there. When my niece was looking at the menu he look at her and says "well are going to order or not" (no one else was in line but us as a group of 4) she replay saying "I was just looking at the menu 1st" and he said "well, you can go online for that!" I mentioned to another employee that I wouldn't come back and when I asked for the phone number of this place he came on our conversation and said "you can look online". For having a good food but not being able to enjoy as a full experience, I will not be back and after all the food didn't taste good at all at the end from the bitter experience my fried and I had. 
To the beard guy that works at this place here is a message for you: "Quit if you feel so miserable working there and let someone else that not only need the job but enjoy smile and taking care of people when they choose to eat there!"Honestly I understand quality of food is important and to expect smaller portions when having higher quality food.....but this is probably the smallest piece of salmon I've ever received when ordering a meal, (I am a bit of a health freak and primarily choose healthy options and places when when eating out...) When you are paying 15 dollars at an order at the counter type restaurant for precooked food that is rewarmed in front of you, it's very disappointing to have your 1 protein choice to be less than 3 ounces!!!!! This was my first time here and I would definitely recommend to stay away from the salmon choice unless you literally want something that is 2 bites.I came here for lunch and got the steak with sweet potato hummus and beets.  I was on the Whole30 thing and actually picked the place because I was eating with some colleagues and didn't want just salad.  I picked it because: (1) they list all of their ingredients; (2) they're willing to make some substitutions; and (3) it's pretty cheap.
The food was tasty and not just your usual bland "healthy" offerings.  Now for my favorite part, the sweet potato hummus, OMG, it was nice and sweet and creamy.  The steak was flavorful and cooked to order(ish).  The only not so awesome thing about this place, is if, you eat the food there, you will smell like food when you left, if this bothers you, get it to go.  Otherwise, go here!Good food, quick service. Need more places that offer whole, clean food like this in Philly.Stopped in here last Tuesday early-evening, needing something quick to bring home to eat. There weren't a lot of healthy options around the corner on Walnut. I'm so glad I did. The staff was very friendly (and patient with me as I took awhile to order considering the new menu and what would suit the family) and the food was delicious. Sometimes these concepts disappoint. Yes, they're healthy, but there's no flavor. Not so for Real Food Eatery. I ordered two completely different meals and an extra side. Every single item was tasty. I'm thinking to come back every time I'm in that area to make it a weekly tradition. One final shout-out to the very-helpful woman at the counter - thanks!The food was very tasty and fresh, but the service was bad. The person who took my order gave me an attitude and made me feel that I was not welcome at all.So delicious! Quick healthy options perfect for post work out meals or any time dinner/lunch/snack. The steak was perfectly cooked and seasoned- seared on the spot! Very conscious of (nut) allergies and plenty of sides and proteins to choose from.Tried real food eatery the other day for dinner and can't stop recommending it! Great for healthy and delicious options. Just stopped in for a side of the carrot fries- they are amazing!Great option for a healthy lunch. Especially if you are not in the mood for a salad.   Good flavors and quick service. Casual vibe. $16+ is a bit on the high side for salmon - esp when the portion is this modest.  Otherwise, no complaints!
*UPDATE (4/27/17): Thanks for the feedback, John C.  Makes a lot of sense and the salmon was delicious!Seriously delicious fast food. I had hummus, brown rice, shrimp, & beets. It was so good and i don't feel guilty for eating it. I'll probably be back tomorrow to try the chicken. Please open another store in the burbs!!It's expensive but it's SO GOOD! I got the salmon on greens with quinoa salad and roasted broccoli. The salmon was cooked perfectly- could use a little sauce or spice maybe, the quinoa salad made it more filling and the roasted broccoli was garlicky and delicious (I love garlic). Best of all I enjoyed it, I'm full, and I don't loathe myself after eating it. If I had more money id be here more oftenI loved the interior, very modern. They have everything set up so you can see it.  It made it easy for me to make my choices.  I got the chicken over greens with roasted brussels sprouts and quinoa salad. ALL packed with flavor and so good. The brussels sprouts were almost gone when I was there so they must be a hit. Definitely one of my go-to lunch spots or after a gym session.Great menu that's simple, but offers a lot of options and variety. The food is well prepared, tasty, and showcases the ingredients and flavors. Kitchen and restaurant are clean and tidy. I love that the kitchen is gluten free. It gives those with Celiac a great option in the city.Delicious!! Inexpensive, the facility was IMPECCABLE! The counter space was spotless. Fridge full of fresh produce and the food was great!Great place for a healthy and quick meal. Everything tasted good but we came at an odd hour so some things were a bit dry. The man taking orders was helpful and friendly but the man at the register didn't seem very excited to be there. Overall, the menu had a lot of great options and I would come back again to try more.New Year's Resolutions brought us here, the veggie bowl will keep us coming back. The amount of decisions we had to make was a bit overwhelming for us on a post-holiday Monday (rice or greens? white or brown rice? oh wait there are cold and hot sides, or no, should we just get a salad? what about the veggie bowl? Stop everything there are specials! Oh wait now I have to pick a sauce?) 
We ended up with:
-The veggie bowl ($7.50): great flavor, but a bit heavy handed on the sesame sauce and resembles bibimbap about as much as a chipotle burrito bowl (all three have rice, sauce, and veggies). My friend put it eloquently when she said "I'd f with that again".
-The butternut squash curry soup: Delicious and perfect for a cold day, decent portion for a good price ($3.50). Wish the specials were more prominently displayed, we made 287 decisions based on what was up on the wall and had to switch things around when we saw them by the cash.
-Quinoa meatballs over greens ($11): greens were a bit over-dressed (I like more of a business casual vibe for my salads) but the 3 large meatballs were delicious and really good with the pesto sauce. A bit on the pricy side for 1 person, but it was good to split.
-Beets with goat cheese and nuts: well seasoned and good flavor. Beets me why you wouldn't get these.
-The brussel sprouts: what a roller coaster of emotion it was finding out that the sauteed greens are out but the sprouts (one of my fave veggies) are in their place, but then realizing they were soggy, overcooked, flavorless, sad little things. Avoid these. And put a sign up when there are substitutions please!
You can leave here feeling satisfied (but not too full), healthy, and not overcharged ($12 each for 2 platters and a soup for 2). If you have self control maybe even with leftovers! I'm a fan.It was pouring out and we wanted to get something quick and healthy for dinner and since RFE is only a couple blocks away from me, it was the perfect choice! We walked over and since it was already almost 8pm it wasn't too busy in there at all and we were greeted at the counter immediately. I got the lemon chicken platter with brown rice, sweet potatoes, and broccoli. My mom got the same thing but in a bowl with spring mix greens. We took our food to go and were in and out of there within 10 minutes!
The lemon chicken is sooo good here! They make it on the grill and it's always cooked perfectly. My favorite side by far is the sweet potatoes - they cook them in the oven so they're really soft and flavorful. I only gave four stars because of the service - my mom asked a few questions and the guy at the cash register seemed a bit annoyed with us for some reason...
We really enjoyed our food and I'd definitely recommend it for anyone who might not have time for a full sit down dinner but wants to get some quick, healthy food! If I worked in the city, this place would also be great for lunch - I'd be coming here all the time!This place is great! It has a cafeteria-style assembly line where you order and then pay at the end.  I got the veggie bowl with half rice, half kale, and added chicken. Honestly, I was surprised as to how delicious it actually was. It was a lot of food too - I had it over two meals and was stuffed. The ONE thing I will say though is that this place is a bit pricey. Ordering salmon, for example, has a whooping surcharge, and the piece isn't really that big. It's a great place if you are feeling like eating healthy, but you should be prepared to lighten your wallet a little.It can be somewhat difficult to find the right balance between takeout food that makes you feel like a gluttonous monster and takeout food that leaves you feeling hungry. I saw reviews for Real Food Eatery on Yelp and was instantly intrigued. I went on a Friday evening around 6pm and enjoyed the Herb-rubbed Chicken Thighs over greens, with sides of roasted sweet potatoes and broccoli. I ate everything and didn't feel one ounce of guilt. They have several different flavors of La Croix (if that's something you're in to). The restaurant was spacious and clean and I love that the trays are biodegradable. I will be back for more.Soo good!! Everything taste homemade and fresh!  They cooked the sirloin right in front of me.  The carrots are amazing and the warm beets so yum!  This is around the corner from my apt and I'm going to be visiting often.  Only con was the setup was a little confusing and they ran out of Brussels sprouts.I decided to stop in to Real Food Eatery on my way home from work. I got the salmon over rice with brussels sprouts and broccoli. I thought everything was delicious. The price point is good for what you receive. My only suggestion is to increase the grain choices to more than just rice. It's a great option to grab a quick and healthy dinner on your way home or to eat in. PATCO riders should consider grabbing a meal on their way back to NJ since it's right in the way to the train. The restaurant itself is nicely designed and looks very comfortable. I'll definitely try it here again soon.Yum!!! Kinda stumbled upon this great place. Saw the "Real Food" written on the window and got curious, so happy I did. My new fav place in Philly!! Cool place, great staff and the food... Omg, its sure is real, clean, pure and so so TASTY!! My paleo stomache is really happy now. I know where I will be dining my last eves in Philadelphia  had the chicken w/ beetroot, carrotfries & sweetpotatoe. Next up salmon;) Yaaay, love food and this is a great place to visit!!!This place is absolutely amazing and there is really nothing else like it in the city. This is by far my favorite place to eat if I am looking for a 'fast-casual'-healthy meal.  If you want a variety of excellent nutritious options, this is your place! 
Everything on the menu is tremendous and you really can't go wrong with any of their entrees or sides... if it's on the menu it's dang good! The best part is being able to customize your meal to make every meal different (they offer a ton of options). All their side sauces are great, but the sesame sauce takes the crown in my opinion. 
To top it off, the owners, John and Mike are always in there working hard, are very personable, and always make it a great experience. If you have not tried Real Food Eatery yet, you are missing out!THIS PLACE. WHY HAVE I NEVER BEEN HERE? I came here for lunch yesterday and I had an awesome lunch. I really loved their chicken thighs. Good flavor, juicy. If anything, it may have been a slightly small portion, but still great. Was served over kale with a lemon vinaigrette. Simple, clean, fresh. Side I had the carrot fries (omg) and the sweet potatoes (omgx2). I have recently fallen in love with prepared carrots, and these were terrific. Sweet potatoes were simple and had great texture. The environment was fresh, young, new, and you can steal Starbucks wifi from next store :) I will definitely be back to try other of their dishes. For under $10 total, it was a steal.~After having just completed the first half of an intense project mgmt training course, my thought process was to acquire brain food for replenishment. The Real Food eatery I have been herding by on my way to work everyday came to mind.
First Impressions: Upon entrance Mother Nature smacked me in the face with a wall of sweet succulent fragrance, built densely with Her ingredients. At that point the right hemisphere of my cerebrum realized this was the preferred territory to nurture it back to health. Going with the popular "moderrustic" motif, The Real Food Eatery was somehow different, a spacious open floor concept, & high quality finishing's. The stools out-looking the street were actually quite comfortable for my gluteus maximus to sit, & inferior extremities to dangle. 
Now onto thee order: First I chose the Grass-fed Sirloin a top a green Spring Mix. Then the Quinoa Salad which had a medley of raisins, parsley & chives embedded into it. Lastly the charred-roasted Broccoli sprinkled with olive oil, parmesan & garlic. 
My cannabinoid receptors were being invigorated as I grazed on my meal, the grass-fed sirloin steak made my taste-buds sizzle with excitement as it melted like a pad of butter on my tongue. The quinoa salad quickly convinced me never to eat its counterpart, rice, again... & the roasted broccoli... lets just say I could eat a whole trough full if it was put in front of me. 
The Real Food Eatery was shooting for "simple is the ultimate sophistication" & they hit the cow on the medulla oblongata. 
The Don approves of this establishment & will be back~I dig the whole quality, fresh, natural ingredients thing they do. Food tastes great, and the people working at the registers are super friendly and helpful to first-timers. Basically, you walk in, pick a protein + sauce and 2 sides, then pay at the end--pretty simple. I usually go for the pesto chicken and sweet potatoes.
Only gripe is the amount of food you get for the price, but that's just what you pay for the quality of what you eat. Not sure how crowds get at lunch, as I've only been to pick up dinner and it's usually empty then.Welllllllllllllll, the jury's still out.
Went in thinking I'd be totally infatuated after one bite, but so far it's not quite like that.
I tried the steak over brown rice, warm beets, and broccoli.
The good:
-I asked for my steak rare and rare is what I got. 
-The broccoli was well seasoned and nice and garlicy.
The meh:
-The beets tasted funny to me, and I looooove a good beet. I also thought they were supposed to come topped with goat cheese, but alas, they were naked.
Overall, I just thought there'd be more of a flavor explosion going on. Nothing to write home about, but I do appreciate the quality ingredients at a very reasonable price point, especially for the portion size.It was so nice to be somewhere with my mother where she (gluten free) could have anything on the menu. And to top it off, it was delicious!! Next time I want the shrimp.First time ordering from RFE tonight.
I kept thinking about these fennel fries made with carrots that I saw posted on there menu, so it was inevitable that I tried them. A little hesitant that this may be another "healthy" food joint - strong emphasis on the " ", I called prior to ask
Whether the carrots were actually deep fried and they maybe just so happen to leave that part out. Nope! Oven-Roasted!
The carrot fries were amazing and the best part was the fennel seed garnish. Such a heavenly combination. Making non-fried fries taste BETTER than your standard French Fries is not an easy task, I'm sure, but RFE pulls it off like a champ! Will certainly be ordering these again, and you should too! :)Stopped for lunch yesterday after my workout and got the salmon with brown rice. Came with two sides so I got the chickpea salad (which I HIGHLY recommend - so good) and sweet potatoes.  Salmon was delicious (not fishy) which was a plus.  They have a second location at 1700 Market Street that serves breakfast. Go check this place out -- great "real food"!Sometimes it's hard to find healthy eating options in Philadelphia so we were so excited to come across this hidden gem.
We typically go with the protein, base and 2 side option and couldn't be happier. We usually spend ~$20-$25 there for two depending on your choice of protein.
We HIGHLY recommend the pork shoulder and the sweet potato hummus. Both are absolute home runs.Just ate at Real Food Eatery for the second time, and I felt compelled to come and leave a review to say the food is SO SO GOOD! You can't go wrong with any of the entrees or sides here. I usually cook from home, and follow a gluten-free/dairy-free lifestyle, which makes eating out pretty hard. But, this is almost like having a kitchen away from home (and having someone else cook. YAY.)
In general, you build your own meals by picking an entree (chicken, beef, pork, or a portabella mushroom), a base (greens or rice), and then two sides. My absolutely favorite side is the carrot fries, with the roasted sweet potatoes a close second. They also have "bowls" and salads you can build. Thus far, we've had the chicken, which was super juicy and flavorful, and the grass-fed beef, which was cooked perfectly and incredibly tender. And the best part? You can eat here for UNDER $10. 
They also have some gluten-free treats here (cookies and brownies) and drinks like local kombucha. The people that work here are also incredibly kind and helpful. We talked to Basil for quite some time and he made some great recommendations for us. LOVE this place and will be visiting regularly!Wonderful healthy food with loads of flavor. You choose between a plate or a salad and then add a meat choice (if applicable) and two sides. I had the roasted pork with rice and carrots and sweet potatoes. So so good. You have a choice of a few different sauces - I chose the sesame and it was delicious. The place is clean and bright, and I left feeling satisfied and not sick from too much heavy food. Definitely going back!Food is delicious. I would eat there everyday if I was in the city more.Great option for a quick lunch. Good but definitely no where near as tasty when they first opened. I always order the exact same thing and I've noticed they have changed it up a little. Roasted sweet potatoes have a different consistency, quinoa not as flavorful, greens no longer have dressing..... is say solid 4 based off of service and affordability. 3.5 for the food.Yummmmmm! Had the the Cobb Caesar Salad with chicken for lunch today. Loved the food, very clean inside and super friendly staff! I'll definitely be back!Food was okay, not great but not terrible. I chose a base of kale but there was barely any. Comparatively to other restaurants with a similar concept, (such as DigInn or The Little Beet,) this was my least favorite. But the service was not.Great Beard of Zeus, this place is amaze-balls! Everything is so good and they cater to most dietary preferences. Healthy food just got a makeover and these guys need to be on TV.This place is awesome! My boyfriend is keto and I'm vegetarian and the menu accommodated both of us perfectly. There are vegan options too! Everything tasted fresh. 
One of the girls who works here (I dont remember her name but she has long dreads and the nicest smile) recommended a fall inspired kombucha for me to try and it was delicious! She has great customer service skills! I wish I knew her name-- thank you if you're reading this! The little things make such a difference :)
Will be back the next time we're in town!This place has the best tasting, freshest food I've ever had in a "healthy" food restaurant.  Great service, nice people, great prices.  Simple fare, very, very tasty.Cute place for lunch. 
Came here around 12:00 PM on Monday and the place was not crowded at all. You get to choose a protein on top of greens or grain, and then two sides (many options). Not too much flavor in the food, but I assume that's because it's very healthy. The place is a bit pricey for lunch in philly and the bottled beverages are about $6.00. However, i felt great after eating the food here and I would definitely come again for lunch.I like the concept and the service was good, but the execution looked (and tasted) to me like a substandard version or imitation of University City's Herban Quality Eats, except pricier. The space itself even looks similar to Herban. 
The food did not look like those depicted in the pictures posted by the business owner on this Yelp page. (One of my pet peeves is when real products do not look like the ones in the advertised pictures, especially if the business name suggests some kind of authenticity.) I ordered the steak entree. At best, I expected to receive steak that looks like the one in the picture posted by the business owner on this Yelp page. At worst, I expected Chipotle style steak, which never disappoints.
What I was not prepared for and ended up getting was beneath the standard of Chipotle steak - thin, gray, well-done slices of beef similar to those found in lower-end Chinese take-out stir fries, except without the sauce and vegetables. They advertise the "steak" as marinated with "Olive Oil, Garlic, Salt, Pepper" but the leathery sliced beef they served me was actually flavorless - not even a hint of salt, let alone garlic and pepper. The rice that came with my dish was also dry and flavorless. [In response to another reviewer's mention of the lack of flavor, someone from the business pointed out that they don't use excess salt, MSG, etc... but I don't think the reviewer meant that she needed her food to be super salty - anyone who knows how to cook knows there's a way to add the right amount of seasoning to bring out the ingredient's natural flavor - and that is what this place lacks.] 
The side of warm beets I got was okay, though it gave me anxiety because it made me pee pink for the rest of the day (sorry, I know this is a food review... but couldn't leave out this important detail related to this experience). I was also looking forward to the kale slaw, but it was too heavy in dressing and feta cheese... which practically canceled out the health benefits of kale. 
I didn't consider my meal from here particularly healthy, but I suppose you could create a healthy option with fish or chicken and make the rest of your options veggies, quinoa, or sweet potatoes, but you'd be paying $10-13 for it. I paid $12.50-ish for my "steak" (a.k.a. leathery thinly sliced beef) meal and felt I overpaid because I might as well have gotten a larger portion of Chinese takeout beef stir fry (without the goopy sauce) and it would be cheaper, taste similar, and have a similar amount of nutrition. Not sure what I paid the premium for, given that the food did not taste particularly good. The pricing alone is enough to keep this off my list of lunch options to frequent near the office.I love this place. Come here at least once a week. Exactly the way my boyfriend and I eat. Whole, real food that tastes delicious. The pork shoulder is my favorite protein option. And the sweet potato hummus is amazing. 
Now, what the owner needs to do is put a placard outside. This can be an unforgiving street where many businesses struggle to survive. People aren't used to stopping on this stretch of 16th to eat. Get some plants outside and a sign so that this place is here for me next year and the year after that!Real Food Eatery is a great spot to pick up a healthy and satisfying meal that still tastes great. 
I enjoy getting the plate with three sides - you pick three of the veggie sides, add a base, and choose a sauce. 
The sides I like to choose between are the roasted BALSAMIC BEETS with walnuts and creamy goat cheese; the ROASTED SWEET POTATOES, diced and seasoned with rosemary and garlic; ROASTED CARROTS with fennel; and GOLDEN CAULIFLOWER, seasoned with turmeric. 
I have yet to order any of the meat dishes, but I'm sure they taste great. This is a spot to come if you're looking for real food that's wholesome and tasty all at the same time.Finally, a healthy lunch option in Center City! This place is great and I end up here at least once a week for a plate (base + protein and choice of two sides)
The food is fresh and prepared daily and service is fast so you can get in and out in a hurry.
You MUST TRY the sweet potato hummus.
Only criticism is that they could rotate their menu offerings more often.Forget your fancy salads, people. RFE is real high-quality eats at an average price tag. 
I've enjoyed lunch at Real Food Eatery twice now and I don't think you can get a more filling, more healthy, more delicious meal for $10, anywhere in Center City. The herb-rubbed chicken skewers are marinated and juicy, the brown rice cooked perfectly, the roasted beets are tender, the broccoli is garlicky and still has a little crunch. It reminds me of the meals I cook for myself for dinner-- in the best way. Protein, complex carb, veg. 
Note: Cans of La Croix are a splurge at $2.Yas, I get so excited seeing quick n healthy spots pop up in the city! I happily ordered the half greens/half grains base with chicken as my protein and kale slaw n brussel sprouts for my sides. Asked for an extra side of avocado and some sriracha for a bit of spice. So, so satisfying! I highly recommend checking this place out after a good work out at CKO.I only come here occasionally for a healthy dinner or lunch- I think that they're the same menu.  I tend to not be the most adventurous eater so I've been sticking with my solid, favorite dish of chicken thighs, brown rice, carrots and sweet potatoes, the sesame sauce is really good too and not spicy, more creamy.  I feel good about eating here because the food seems healthy and recently I have been trying to make healthier food choices, so this is definitely a place that I'll continue to visit.  They have a good selection of La Croix and I think the order then pay is a unique concept but for about $13 you can get a healthy, generously sized meal, which I often gave leftovers from, and in that price, that included a La Croix, good deal!  They will also neatly package up your meal if it's to go and I was impressed that it did not leak or spill!  I will also say that I am impressed that the staff seems to have been friendlier and more helpful, I think a change of staff a few months back.  Cool place for some healthy grub!Exactly what i was looking for in a healthy meal! Portions are a great size and food is very fresh!  Service was great as well.(+) 
Wholesome food options
Clean and spacious dining area
Friendly staff
(-)
Workers disorganized - not very efficient
Food is luke-warm - weird in-between of a cooked meal and a cold one
Dressing portions are tiny
First off, I want to point out that I really did enjoy my food. I bought a Tofu Bowl loaded with quinoa, brussel sprouts and kale. The food tasted super fresh and high quality. Kale was amazing Good enough for the 3-stars "A-OK" rating however I need to point out some subpar moments during my experience.
I was disappointed in my experience a bit because it took a while for my meal to come out during a relatively slow time in service. Unless other fast-casual chains that have every person at a station, it seemed like a lot of people were running around getting a thing here, a thing there and overall slowed down the process from order to tray. I think they may have to do something about that.
Additionally, I was a bit disappointed as well regarding their "warm" options on the menu I opted for. Namely speaking the side vegetables were kept in a pan which I suspect was kept in the low setting for a while. It was really offsetting next to my perfectly grilled Tofu, the temperatures really threw me off. And lastly, I wish they had more dressing than the little container they give you. I'm not a fan of drowning my meal in sauce, but it was merely a pittance given.
Lots of potential here, but not quite thereBriefly stopped by a day at Real Food Eater because I love to support these kind of businesses. Whenever everyone else is trying to sell you a sub, a sodium loaded soup, a non-healthy salad, this one claims to offer real food. 
In the picture I have posted, I got sweet potato hummus, cucumbers, sweet potatoes and grass-fed steak. I did like it. It's a proof that healthy, real food doesn't have to be boring and it's not boring. They have other options on the menu to choose from. I like that it's situated in the busy center city area where there are so many options around and yet I find it hard to sit down at a place to find a decent meal. I tend to avoid lots of ingredients when I don't have lunch with me or on the go. 
The downside of this establishment is that it's a little bit pricey. However, keeping in mind that other places around sell you some cheap bread filled with stuff your body doesn't need at all. At least these guys offer real food. So I'll give it up to that. I know some fellow reviewers have expressed their dislike and disappointment. However, I have to say that grabbing lunch from this place may be a far better choice than any other spot that sells oh so yummy food but not good for you.Good food prepared fresh with quality ingredients. I had the build your bowl and enjoyed the options. Mixed greens, meatballs (without grains - bread), avocado and garlicky broccoli. So delicious, except I prefer the beat balls well done and they were too punk for my personal taste. I definite place to remember.I thought the food was tasty.  But it is served in the size of an airline container.  I am a 58 years old woman, and it was not enough food for me.  I felt like  I needed lunch after.Service is exceptional! There's always a line but it's fast moving and efficient. 
I'm obsessed with the cobb caesar salad (add chicken) and would eat it every day. 
I've also gotten a "make your own" and wasn't overly excited. Since the sides are mass produced the veggies are pretty soggy.I have absolutely no bad words to say about this amazing fast casual food place! I recently transitioned work offices from DC to Philly, which had me concerned of finding new food places I'd want to get quick work-day lunches at. Look no further than REAL FOOD EATERY!!!
RFE makes it easy to put together a well balanced lunch that is both healthy and tastes incredible. Although I make my own sweet potatoes, chicken, and carrots sometimes... somehow when you get it from RFE it just tastes 10x better. They know what they are doing over there! They also constantly have people ordering food, yet it moves so quickly and never takes up much time within my lunch break to go through the line. I have been going now about 2 times each work week and have no plans in slowing down (although my bank account likely wishes I did - oops!)This was my go-to lunch spot for a while after they first opened.  The food is still good but they have gotten much stingier with their portions on their proteins which is absolutely ridiculous based on how much they charge.  The steak I got today was about half of what I usually get and was cut up into small cubes (maybe to make it seem like more?).  I am not sure who's choice this was but it turned my favorite center city lunch into an overcooked, overpriced meal.  This will likely be my last trip.Nothing special. Came once. Sweet potato hummus was different but didn't love it. Very confusing ordering system at the front. Similar to other reviews, I agree the food needs a kick. I much prefer Agno in the city for a healthy meal.This place is a delicious and healthy lunch option if you are not feeling in the salad mood. The veggie bowl is an absolute must try. It comes in bibimbap style with rice, mushrooms, carrots and greens. It sounds way too healthy right? Well it is and also incredibly flavorful and delicious. I would definitely order that again. The quantity of the bowl for the price is quite a bargain too. The salads did look incredible too - my friend got the berry salad and I tried a quick bite. It was light and flavorful and I would recommend that one as well.Great lunch spot for quick and healthy food! I ordered the bowl with salmon and white rice as my base, with cauliflower and sweet potatoes as my side. On the side, I added pesto and hot sauce.
Quick, delicious, and reasonably priced.
5/5Went here during the lunch rush and first I would like to say never gotten lunch that fast ever. Great job on the food line. I ordered the steak with broccoli and roasted potatoes. The steak was seasoned just right, I like how it was cut up into bite size pieces. The broccoli was steamed and seasoned well. The price verse the portion you receive is what caught me by surprise. The portions are HUGE which is great when you work all day and have dinner for later. I would definitely recommend this place.To me, it's all about the sides. The first time I went, they were ok. This time the "charred greens" (AKA brussels sprouts) were not even in the same ballpark as charred. They were barely even light brown, let alone properly cooked, and the "hot" sweet potatoes were barely lukewarm. Salad greens were super over-dressed. Needs work.The food was good but I have to say it is quite $$$. I got an avocado bowl with chicken. It was literally a lot of broccoli, cauliflower, maybe about a whole avocado, and a good amount of chicken, but I spent  about $13. I'm sure they you good products but it's just a bit expensive for what you're getting. It was very flavorful but pricey for a quick meal.The food was okay. Like really really just okay. It is overpriced for being a glorified buffet line. They charge extra for literally everything. When I asked for chick peas thinking that multiple toppings would come with the price automatically they gave me about 5 single peas and then charged a dollar and some change for it. This happened for each of the toppings and this excuse for a meal cost me 20 dollars. Try CAVA or SweetGreen instead.Good and healthy lunch spot. A little overpriced. The quality is not that stable somehow. I ordered the same tofu for two close dates and one came out cut in 4 pieces but the other didn't.Just like the name, this place serves up REAL food, but in a fast service format. Its honest, wholesome and competently prepared. No ingredients you can't pronounce, no 'pink slime' in the meat, etc.
I appreciate their using more sustainable packing materials and biodegradable forks, consistent with the rest of their appeal. I would appreciate it even more if they could find a non-plastic top for their salad bowls.
You might pay a little more than at a fast food chain, but not that much more (and well worth it to get a convenient but real meal.) 
I love their Cobb Cesar salad with chicken, especially as it meets my low carb needs.
Keep up the great workI have been on a journey of healthier eating as of late, and found this place looking for a healthy sit-in restaurant. I was happy to see their menu featured sugar-free chicken and veggie options. I was so glad that it wasn't super expensive too. I enjoyed coming her on a snowy day, ordering my food and sitting down and feasting on the combo of flavors. it really was good! Shaving one star because the food was not steaming hot and was sitting in trays. I thought it would be fresher. Despite this, everything still tasted great.This place was fantastic, really fresh and light ingredients. Very delicious food choices that can accommodate many dietary restrictions. 
My favorite was the cauliflower, it was roasted in turmeric and cumin and I believe had pickled red onions.Stopped in for dinner last night with a few friends. Place was very big, clean, and had a lot of seating. Tried the steak over greens, some pork, broccoli, and sweet potato hummus with a side of cucumbers. It was the perfect size and only $10. The steak was amazing. Looking forward to returning.Finally got around to checking this place out! I got the 3 sides option with brown rice as my base (I choose broccoli, cauliflower and sweet potatoes as my sides). First of all let me say how good it smelled as soon as I walked in the place, secondly the line moved at a pretty good speed ( I was there around 12:45pm), and lastly (but not leastly lol) my food tasted SO good! It was seasoned VERY well, I was SO surprised. Yup, I am a fan!! Definitely looking forward to going back and for their City Ave opening.I highly recommend Real Food Eatery for your next catered event. We ordered the food online and Rob was helpful with the amount of food and the selections given that I had not been to the restaurant before but was looking for a lunch at home for graduation week.  
The food was delicious. We got lots of compliments from our guests. Out if the dishes that we ordered I recommend the spicy chicken, the salmon, and all the side dishes that we ordered were one better than the other.The food is always so fresh and tastes amazing. The sweet potatoes are definitely my favorite and I love the fact that everything is gluten free.Super tasty & healthy! Pleasant indoor atmosphere but also great for takeout. Lemon chicken was great.Great flavors and mostly well cooked chicken (some pieces were very dry) but the broccoli was gritty and sandy as though it hadn't been rinsed!Super poor quality of food! I ordered the spicy chicken bowl -  it's clear that everything is cooked with NO care! Wrong kale type to start with, with old thick rough center stem left with the leaves; spicy chicken NOT tender at all, hard as rock; and don't even mention the brown rice, was it really cooked? So hard that it tastes like, again, rocks. It wasn't even cheap at all, I would have gotten better quality of food from sweetgreen within a few block. Don't bother to come here if you are looking for similar food.
One star goes to the OK sweet potato and steak in my friend's bowl.If you know better, do better. I came here unprepared. The selection was so wide I didn't know what to get so I ended up with a beef protein bowl over brown rice with cauliflower and sweet potatoes. I messed up and got bbq sauce on the top because I felt rushed haaahaaa. Next time I'm going with a plate rather than the bowl to keep everything nice and neat since it's not like a traditional salad and still not the same as a burrito bowl.
Everything is good. Ima keep it real, this was the best brown rice I've ever had. I was startled when it wasn't dry and stale like the brown rice I've had in the past. Instead to my surprise it was nice and moist and delectable. The beef was nice and soft potatoes as well. 
Just know, it's a lot of options so stay healthy and stay chiseled my friends.Delicious food, rude costumer service. Everything on their menu is great, it's like a healthy version of chipotle with more variety.
Unfortunately today was my last time here, I love the food but it's not pleasing when you walk in and get an attitude from someone that's going to prepare your meal. I hope the business does better to provide better service.I am a little puzzled by this place. It serves incredibly fresh, healthy and actually delicious food yet never seems to be full inside?!? What are you people waiting for!! My best guess is that hardworking professionals often take their food to go (as did I), thus leaving the tables unfilled. Nevertheless, I waited so long to try this place for that reason alone. I am always wary of a business that has no visible patrons. I was craving some healthy food after a long week of work and did not have the energy to cook. Enter Real Food Eatery. I had chicken thighs, quinoa salad, and roasted broccoli with a side of sesame sauce. This dinner really hit the spot. At $12, I felt like that was a very fair price for the quality and amount of food. To be honest, this is a meal I would normally cook for myself, so I felt a little guilty buying it to go. However the convenience and taste really made this meal worth it. I also spotted some Kale Slaw, Carrot Fries and brussels sprouts that I am really looking forward to trying. This casual, healthy spot is  definitely in my new rotation.Went back today to give them another chance only to discover that they no longer cook your food fresh, they raised the prices and removed the brussel sprouts from the menu.  Such a bummer because I like the people who work there.  I just can't justify paying 13 dollars for pre-cooked steak.I visited Real Food Eatery twice, because I had to try both a meat plate, and a salad before writing this review.
1st visit: PORK SHOULDER plate with 2 side items. I ordered the BROWN RICE as my base below the meat, roasted BEETS (side 1), and BRUSSEL sprouts (side 2).  The brussels were the best, good flavor and texture. The beets were strange, they weren't very soft, and had a different seasoning on them than what I'm used to. But, the little walnut pieces and goat cheese on top made the beets much better. The pork shoulder was OK, good flavor, but kind of dry, on top of dry brown rice. The entire thing needed some juice, maybe a sauce, or gravy, or something to cut the dryness. I think if I would have mixed everything in a bowl, with some lettuce or tomatoes (instead of the portion-divided plate) it would have juicied it up. 
2nd visit weeks later: portobello mushroom SALAD with chickpeas, and quinoa. This was much better, but for $10+ after tax it was a bit steep for only allowing 2 toppings. I can get similar salad at Agno grill w 3-4 toppings. But, the quinoa was really delicious and the guys that work here are so friendly. So, overall, I'd come back for sure, it just won't be my go-to lunch spot.We get food catered from here for company lunch events. It is as delicious as it is healthy. I love the variety and healthy options and never get bored with the choices. Everything prepared is super fresh and filling. Sauces add just the right touch to my bowl full of sweet potato, beets, broccoli, and chicken. Seasoned and cooked to perfection!I used to love this place for lunch. The food was just as they advertise and tasted really good. I'm not sure what new direction they are going with the new renovations but it's seems like the "light wrist chipotle fairy" has bit them and now are succumbing to the same fate. Just feels like I'm getting jerked now for what seems like too much money.Food is different and good for lunch! I came w my boyfriend to meet him one day during the work day and we were able to get our food and eat at the bar along the window pretty quickly. A little pricey, but good!I was in the mood for something filling, healthy, and delicious--Real Food Eatery checked all 3 boxes. It's a little pricey, but worth it. I made my own salmon bow with salmon, brown rice, sweet potatoes, broccoli, basil pesto, and teriyaki sauce.Although I didn't dine in, I could see the dining area was clean and had a nice design. The person who made my bowl was very friendly and helped explain the process as it was my first time here. 5 star experience!I LOVE coming here for a quick lunch that gives fast food a new name! The ingredients are always so fresh and the food is delicious.Wow fresh healthy food. Nice staff. So many choices it's a casual bar style food place with the Chipotle concept.
Walk through and pick your items. They serve it. There are some predesigned bowls that sound great. I did not do that.If you like the Chipotle concept and want healthier options, I think this is the place to go (apart from Sweetgreen). They have several entrées to pick from if you're a newbie. Of the two times I have been here, I've tried the Mediterranean bowl and the harvest bowl, and have not been disappointed. You can also customize your own bowl. The staff were also pretty friendly and efficient. You can also help yourself to a water dispenser in the back. The interior is bright, clean, and simple. Definitely one of my go to for a grab-and-go.Quick and casual lunch option, with some great food choices! Very simple ordering process - you pick a base (vegetables, rice), choose a protein, some sides, and a sauce. 
Atmosphere: Super casual, primarily a take-out option. Wait time during busy lunch hours might have still only been 10-15 minutes. Really quick! 
Food: Honestly minimal complaints - I love their sesame sauce, and I like the salt/pepper seasoning on their avocado. The only complaint I had was once time, the sweet potato hummus did not taste very fresh - almost a bit vinegar-y / sour. Very strange taste, so I worry it went bad... That was my only negative experience. I've stayed away from the hummus since. 
Overall: 4 / 5 - I'm definitely still coming back, but staying away from certain foods (the sweet potato hummus). I worry sometimes the food might not be the freshest, but this was a rare experience as well.This is delicious. Healthy, mostly organic. Great find in the city for lunch. Able to customize. Gluten-free. Variety of choices. Excellent portion size. Thank you!!This place used to be so much better! I've been there plenty of times (almost every week day) when the owners were still running the show and it was probably my favorite place to buy lunch. I am happy to see the business is successful and has now expanded, it was well deserved, but the last times I went there I was unpleasantly surprised to see that the food quality is no longer what it used to be. I got salmon, beets and mashed potatoes today and I am not happy at all. A lot of whole pieces in the "mashed" potatoes, the beets are undercooked, and the piece of salmon is very, very tiny. Honestly, I think it is the last time I'm buying from them.This place is like a healthy version of chipotle. It is very easy to order. You pick from many different proteins, veggies, and sauces. There are a variety of options for everyone 
I ordered the bowl with quinoa, chicken, avocado, broccoli and soy dressing. Something I love about this place is they cook the meat right in front of you. Additionally, it is not too costly! I loved my bowl but there was one big issue for me. My chicken had little pieces of bone in it and I nearly choked. It could have been an accident so I am not too mad about it but it was definitely scary for me. Other than that, it was a great bowl.Mom's Meatballs were amazing, can't wait to come. Quick, friendly service. My new go to lunch spot!I went to Real Food Eatery a few months ago while visiting Philadelphia and have been left craving their sweet potato hummus and carrot fries ever since!! Philly is lucky to have such a quick and easy go-to GLUTEN FREE lunch spot for healthy and delicious fast casual food (my quest for a gluten free lunch is usually limited to salad places). I thought the service was fantastic and really appreciated the way the restaurant is set up so I could see every step of the preparation process. Also, any place that offers La Croix at checkout has my heart!Food was tasty and healthy, service was quick.  However, the portions are smaller than advertised. The salmon is supposed to be 4 oz.; it turned out to be 3.15 oz.  (cost: $15).  Might not satisfy if you're very hungry.I had a chance to finally patronize this establishment.   I was pleased by my first visit.  The food was fresh and tasty.   I found the service to be just fine.  So far, so good.  I plan to patronize this establishment again.  I am always on the lookout for healthy eating options.The name lives up to the food, but this place is basic af. There's no other way to describe it. I ordered the portobello entree and had it with brown rice, hummus and carrot fries. I did not add a sauce, so user error there. That mushroom was so bland. I know I know, should've added a sauce. It's hard to believe it just doesn't come with a sauce, you know? Also, what's the deal with mushrooms being the vegetarian option all the time, does anyone really want to eat a big mushroom? Maybe that was my mistake. Onward. The carrot fries were okay...again, super basic. Hummus was pretty flavorful served with cucumber slices. Whoa basic pairing. 
If you want a no fuss healthy meal, this place is for you. If you like flavor, this place is not for you. Three stars because it really is "real food," but it stops there.Cool place. Good location. I agree with other post that he staff could be more pleasant and more informative. Nice and clean inside. Similar set up to chipotle. Food is good with many heathy options which is hard to come by in Philly.  Would go again and recommend for a healthy lunch/dinner option.