We stopped in for brunch and we weren't expecting the food to be so delicious.  The 3 meat hash was amazing, as was the turkey sandwich and bagel/salmon.  The employees were very friendly and accommodating.  A little pricey, but well worth.  We will visit again if in the area.I like this place a lot. I stopped in once with friends for drinks and was eager to return for food. We finally did over the weekend. 
The ambience is very nice -- somehow ideal for both a fun date as well as for a beer and sports crowd. 
I love the open kitchen. 
Great beer selection. 
I'll definitely return for the rosemary fries, and my fiancée will return for the very good house burger.Went here with a few friends as the place to have our reunion dinner. We hadn't seen eachother since elementary school and got reacquainted through Facebook so this was a pretty special dinner. 
The restaurant is very swanky and the prices show this. I do think the food was worth the price although all of my party thought it was very expensive. I ordered the lobster bake which was delicious. It was not fantastic and there wasn't alot of seafood but it was adequate for me. I also ordered a Neopolitan Old Fashion which was made perfectly. 
My friends ordered the fritters, carpaccio, crab cake and fries. Plus 2 shots of tequila, a lemonade and 2 more old fashions. Bill was $170 which is not bad but some of my friends weren't expected it. 
And I must say something about our waiter. Unfortunately, I didn't remember his name but he was fantastic! Very attentive, nice and even bought out a dessert because it was also one of my friend's bday. He was just real cool. 
5 stars for service
3 stars for food
4 stars for ambience 
2 stars for price.  
But I was satisfied.Mussels in coconut curry sauce were fantastic.  The scallops melted in your mouth. Excellent service and a very extensive beer and drink menu.  Don't  miss it if you are in philadelphia.i was staying at the lovely Hotel Monaco (to which this bar is connected to) and figured that I would give this place a try.  The vibe is just a little uptight.  A bit like a sports bar.  I attempted to venture upstairs when I was accosted by a very tall, very bald doorman who looked like he was going to burst a blood vessel as he brusquely steered me away from that area, explaining that it was only for diners.  Ok Max Headroom!  Get your prescription changed.Cocktails were nice however the bartender Paul was perhaps the least friendly person I've met. Certainly wasn't a bartender that wants to keep patrons drinking for an extended period.The Red Owl Tavern is conveniently connected to the hotel and also open to the general public, thus providing a stylishly casual setting to enjoy a meal or cocktail. On a recent weekend trip to Philly, we stayed at the Hotel Monaco, parked our car, and enjoyed the area. Because our weekend was packed with family events, Red Owl offered a place for us to stop in for a quick bite or drink, without the stuffy hotel bar/restaurant feel.  
In a three day period, we somehow managed to experience happy hour, drinks, and brunch. The charcuterie platter was substantial and thoughtfully crafted, the perfect pair to a locally brewed pint. Also recommended: the donuts.
Brunch menu items range from healthy to traditional; the potatoes are delicious. Note that the bloody marys are chock full of horseradish--I enjoy a spicy bloody, but we had to order extra tomato juice to balance the flavor.
All in all, Red Owl took the guesswork out of navigating the neighborhood between events, offering variety and friendly service to keep us coming back.It's a nice two-leveled tavern, right across from Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with fries and besides it being a little on the spicy side (for me - I have a very low heat tolerance) it was very satisfying! The service was speedy and the atmosphere was relaxed (of course, this was before the lunch rush) but I would recommend for anyone in the area.I was in Philly on a Sunday night, and unsure of where to go to eat. I am hardly ever out by myself in the city, so I was nervous to go to a bar without friends, as I wasn't in the mood to fight off guys trying to talk to me. My uber driver recommended the Red Owl Tavern, so that is where I ended up that night. I was greeted by a very friendly hostess who I told I wanted to sit at the bar, as it seemed that was where all the activity was going on. As someone who pretty much never drinks, I had no idea what to order, and most times the bartender will look at me like I'm an idiot when I ask what they suggest I would like. This was not the case this time, the bartender was one of the nicest and most friendly guys I had ever met (and pretty handsome too). He was able to explain all the drinks on the menu and suggest the ones he thought I would like the most. He told me his name was Mirek, and if I was in the area more, I would definitely come back. Food was a high price, but well worth it. Thank you for the wonderful service!!All around class-act place. Really sharp looking bar and restaurant. We were just in for drinks but the food looked good. Casual modern and upscale place in a historic setting. 
From the hostess to the concierge everybody was very friendly. The bearded bartender was the star of the show. Nice to find a place with bartenders with personality.Was in town for the weekend and after a red eye flight I took a stroll to Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell. I stumbled upon this place and decided to check it out. It was a Friday lunch visit and they were moderately busy but I had no problems getting service, and water. It is a nice atmosphere. The views from this place was great as you can see the "city" action from within. I was a walk-in. I did not have reservations.My friends and I came here for brunch. The food was just okay. We got the bottomless Bellini for $18, but it took forever for them to replace our next champagne bottle. May give this place another try because the Bellini deal is a steal.I hate places that brag about their local heirloom ingredients and then serve the same crap everyone else does. Since when did grape tomatoes become heirlooms? Local vegetables in January? Hardly likely. Be honest and admit you are a bar with average food with above average prices. Service was snotty and you really felt like they were doing you a favor by coming to your table. Serve cream or at least something white with the coffee, maybe the heirloom heritage cow was off for the day?This restaurant was a spare of the moment find and we truly lucked out! My best friend and I are total foodies and truly appreciate a full dining experience. Lately going out we have been disappointed in the lack of service at so many restaurants. We went in with no expectations other than it looked good on yelp. When you initially look at the menu and the descriptions, it automatically creates a high expectation for the food. I can say that there were 0 disappointments the entire night! We received exceptional service and excellent food! We ordered the Simple Green Salad (far from simple, DELICIOUS LIGHT DRESSING), The Prince Edward Island Mussels (PERFECTLY cooked- all mussels opened and not chewy at all!), The Grilled Lamb Loin, and Seared Red Snapper Veracruz Style- BOTH so unique and flavorful! For Dessert we had the bread pudding (best I have ever had in my life!)  The waiter was extremely personable and the manager came over multiple times to ensure that we were having a great experience. I have respect for this establishment- there are two types of people in this world, people who work for the paycheck and people who work because they love and care about what they do. This staff works for their wonderful reputation.You can tell that the Red Owl Tavern's employees try to establish a relationships with their guests, rather than just trying to flip tables and want to be hospitable. The manager was in communication with us the entire night, ensuring we were having a great experience, as well as the waiter being prompt and attentive from the moment we sat down to when we left. They even gave us the dessert on the house! We will definitely be returning to the Red Owl Tavern next time in Philly.  HIGHLY recommend the Red Owl Tavern:)We really enjoyed this restaurant!  We started with hummus and feta cheese mixed with roasted red peppers, super tasty!  We also had their Philly cheesesteak sandwich and a BLT and Brie, both sandwiches were amazing!  The BLT had thick perfectly cooked bacon.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is its a little pricey.We went here for lunch during a day of seeing all the historical sites. It has a fantastic location right I. The heart of everything. The staff was very nice and the portions were quite generous. I had the BLT with turkey and avocado and it was delicious. A little pricey, but highly recommend.It was hot and humid so we came in here to avoid the heat and grab some lunch.  Chicken salad sandwich was very tasty and Kale and Quinoa Salad was enjoyed by someone in our group.  We were seated promptly and served in a timely fashion. Great place to grab a bite while on your feet all day sight-seeing!Wanting to find a place around downtown Philly to get brunch on Easter Sunday. We had a reservation at the red owl tavern and a good thing we did. It was very busy. But I giving a 4 star because although the service was excellent it took a little longer for our food to arrive then we wanted. I mean it is Easter Sunday but it shouldn't take that long. But all and all the food was excellent and I really had a good brunch. And the beer that I had wasn't the best it was a little bitter but still goodI really wanted to like this place because of the cool ambiance.  I ordered the Philly cheese steak.  Aside from the mediocre taste, small portion size, and unreasonably high price of my entree,  the fact that it gave me food poisoning really nailed it home.  On the plus side, nobody else at my table endured food poisoning from their entrees (omelets and juevos rancheros) and the wait staff was pleasant.Loved this spot! We came here for a late bite after a 76ers game and sat at the bar. The brussel sprouts were bomb and my boyfriend loved his burger. Great service - they kept my champagne glass filled the whole night!I was staying at the hotel for a meeting and arrived late for the dinner so headed to the bar at the Red Owl Tavern instead. I wanted something that would not kill a diet but did not share that. The bartender suggested the mussels but they had cream in the description. I asked about it and he said the chef could leave it out. I don't know what it is like with it but I sure did not miss it.   HUGE pot of Prince Edward Island mussels cooked perfectly. Seriously -perfectly!  Took me a while but I ate them all. If you are eating alone note that you should not order an entree, this appetizer is a meal. They also make a mean Makers Mark manhattan!I was staying at the Hotel Monaco and didnt feel like walking in the rain so I grabbed a spot at the bar and ordered the soup of the day, tomato which came with grilled cheese. The food was just ok, edible but not very flavorful. The soup was bland and had a weird pulp texture and the grilled cheese was overshadowed by 2 giant pieces of bread. Service was excellent though but next time I'd try some other spot.Food wasn't great, way overpriced, waitress complained about a 10% tip.  The tomato soup tasted like pasta sauce ($13) both in texture and flavor.  The chicken was burnt on our quinoa and kale salad. ($20)  Skip the pulled pork sandwich, it has a weird flavor... possibly from the onion roll.TRY:
Crispy black striped bass
(All my friends got the steak except me and they did NOT enjoy it as much as i enjoyed my sea bass~ They said it was hard to chew and lacked flavor - order BIG RED OWL BURGER instead if you want to have meat cause i heard their burger is good....dessert? eh. )
SERVICE:
Great! our waiter was super nice :)
AMBIANCE:
Upscale tavern - since it's a part of a hotel and there is NO BATHROOM inside the restaurant so you have to walk towards the hotel lobby and down the steps and walk more to get to the bathroom!!The stone-faced hostess directed us to our seats and brought over a high chair, clearing a space for it after my husband had already made a space for it.  Well maybe she didn't notice.  Nary a vegetable on the kids menu so had to order off the regular menu for my kids and when I ordered my 3 YO daughter a whole milk the waiter brings it out in an open GLASS cup without a straw in sight.  It was brunch and there was one other table that Presidents Day morning.  Yet our food took quite a while to come out. It was sitting on the counter for a several minutes being discussed under 4-5 different staff people.  It's pretty clear they don't "get" kids here.  My huevos rancheros were average, certainly not worth $18; my husbands monte Cristo was good.  It was our one brunch meal in Philly so had wanted it to be a good one - wish I had gone elsewhere.Stopped in for dinner with some friends on a Friday night and we were blown away by the specialty cocktails. The food was great too, I had a seafood stew (bouillabaisse, I think). We had fried brussel sprouts and calamari, too. Yum!Have been here a few times, good food, good drinks, good service. Especially enjoyed visiting with the bartender sorry don't remember his name but I remember he rides motorcycles, kind of retro except for the Apple Watch.Only had brunch here a few times, absolutely love the food and all you can drink Bellinis. Burger is sooo good, and they leave the bottle of bubbly on the table so you can refill as needed. The juices to mix taste and look amazing, lots of variety. Only four stars vs five because the service is usually slow. But recommend to everyone, especially weekend brunch :)Breakfast - burnt pork sausage, very dark almost burnt french toast, cold gluten free waffle.  For the prices here you'd expect better.After a long day of seeing the city we were looking for somewhere to have a good meal to celebrate my Son's 21st birthday. The staff could not have been more gracious and the food was excellent. While they treated him for his birthday with desert and a candle on top they did not embarrass him by singing! The food was excellent, the staff attentive and it was the perfect place to end a busy day. The environment and meal was the best we have experienced in the city. Thanks Red Owl staff for being the cherry on the top of our celebration!I was in for happy hour and had the calamari and beet salad while staying at the Hotel Monaco. Both items were very good. The calamari was cooked perfectly and not rubbery. I also went for breakfast the next morning. That was not as good. The turkey bacon was gross and the toast wasn't toasted so it was kind of soggy.I'm sitting here eating breakfast. The orange juice tastes fresh squeezed - delicious! I ordered the eggs benedict with much hesitation. They are made with a sriaccha hollandaise and placed on Belgium waffles. I was fearful they would be too spicy. I can't stress enough how perfect they tasted! The breakfast potatoes were equally as delicious! I highly recommend this breakfast! The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because there were crumbs on the seat and the hostess wasn't friendly.First time...had the bltb, bacon lettuce, tomato and Brie...it was good...although the bread was only lightly toasted...if it had been grilled it might have been superb! Who know... and chopped salad...salad was good...I had an old fashion with markers mark...told the wife it was the cleanest old fashion I ever saw...ingredients  weren't muddled as they say...and no ice...but don't get me wrong...I did like it...whatever it was!  When I order a second one the bar tender had changed and I got a traditional old fashion...almost missed the first one!  Dessert was the cookies and ice cream...which to our surprise turned out to be 2 servings of 2 large cookies with ice cream...I'll be back if only to try and recapture that first new fashion!?While staying at the Hotel Monaco for a wedding, we came to the Red Owl Tavern for drinks on both Friday and Saturday night, and brunch on Sunday. The place was packed all three times. It is definitely the after party spot for all the wedding guests staying in block rooms. Given the crowds and the bar otherwise being nothing special, I would avoid as a late night destination except for convenience if you're staying in the hotel. I also had some strange experiences with the servers and bartenders at night. They ran out of clean glasses   and we had to wait for our drinks. Not a problem, except when they finally brought them they did so without the water my friend requested. She asked again and they responded that there were no clean glasses...while making another alcoholic drink in one. They were clearly prioritizing the paid drinks but it was obvious and rude. They also said told us they couldn't communicate with the kitchen and serve food which also seemed odd. 
Brunch was decent. I had a chicken and waffles special that was nicely spiced. Reservations are highly recommended.Is it near the tourist spots? Yes. Is it delicious and warm and wonderful? YES! Don't let the location fool you, this spot has super delicious and elegantly quirky drinks, great service, and a thoughtful little menu. 
We had the Catcher in the Rye, a caraway seed infused Rittenhouse Rye plus delicious other goodies, and a beautiful cocktail of Monkey Shoulder scotch with St Germain and other accoutrement. Divine!
We also nabbed the calamari, which was nicely prepared, super tender, and served with grilled lemon (a nice touch) and a wonderful mustard remoulade. Highly recommended! This place was just so cozy and warm and tasty.3.5/5 We stopped in for a quick bite and some drinks. We had the bagel + cream cheese, a bowl of fruit, and an English muffin... The food was delicious! Only complaint was the expense. One bottle of cider was $8 and it wasn't even that good. We might come back at a later time for brunch if we want to have a fancy meal.Dropped in after some site seeing. It turned out a great decision.  Staff was verry friendly. The skill I observed in there mixing of drinks was amazing. Thanks for a great afternoon.Enjoyed this restaurant so much the first night that it was a unanimous decision to come back the next night. Everyone ordered different meals each night and everything was great. Excellent food and service!What a poor excuse for a restaurant, and I already expect hotel restaurants to be expensive and mediocre but the prices here were ridiculous and not posted on the menu. 
I asked if there were any other options on the breakfast menu for kids and he said they do things a la carte, like eggs, bacon, fruit....one of the a la carte things we ordered was three eggs....we paid $5 for the first two and then $3 for the 3rd. What's that about? And $5 for a drip coffee? The most overpriced coffee chain doesn't charge that for a venti. 
In the end we paid over $50 for 1 order of croissants (2), 2 miniature danishes, a small bowl of cold oatmeal and 3 slices of bacon and 3 scrambled eggs. 
We should have just braved the cold like we did for every other meal when we were staying at Hotel Monaco.Very poor quality as a hotel restaurant.  
We eat at a hotel restaurant even its food is mediocre and everything is overpriced, because we expect to be treated really nicely by well trained staff.  Well, the experience at this hotel restaurant was very unique.  We (five of us) stayed at the Hotel Monaco to celebrate my birthday, and reserved Red Owl Tavern based on many good reviews.  When we arrived at the tavern, we were taken to a table for four.  We told the gentleman that we were a party of five and we had a reservation.  He told us that he would bring a chair.  So, one of us sat on a chair that was placed in an aisle.  We then saw the area in the back where a group of five or so just left.  So we asked if we could move there.  The waitress told us that those tables were reserved.  I told her that we too "reserved" a table for five not four, and it was my birthday.  She told me that she would "see what she could do."  Soon, a lady came to our table and said, "Those tables are reserved."  I told her that we had made a reservation for five.  She said, "Sorry, this is only what we have" and patted on my shoulder and left.  My husband was upset, but I said it was OK.  I decided not to let this ruin my birthday.  After that, however, few things went right. They brought pasta with cheese even though I asked the waitress no cheese due to my daughter's allergy.  So, my very hungry daughter had to wait another 20 minutes for her pasta with no cheese.  We had to ask why the bread, the side, and my father's dish were so late when other dishes were already at the table.  When the bread came after a long wait, it had butter on it despite the fact we told the waitress my daughter was allergic to dairy.  My 81 year old father's dish (Caesar salad with chicken) finally came after everyone finished their food which was more than an hour after we ordered all the food.  While all these things happening, we saw the area we had hoped to move in order to have more room which was "reserved" completely empty.  Toward the end of the meal, a couple of people were seated at one of the empty tables.  Our waitress was very apologetic.  She was never rude.  She took the pasta, Caesar salad, bread, off the bill, which was nice.  Would I like to dine at Red Owl Tavern again to deal with all the stress, especially for a special occasion like a birthday?  Absolutely not.  I hope the general manager of the Hotel Monaco (Mr. James Adamson) will make more effort to train people at the restaurant at the Hotel.We came for dinner. They had a special of the day, the Lobster Seafood Pot. It was on sale for $25. Normally $39. We both tried it. The seafood was too soft. It must have been in a big pot and simmering for a while. We also had the octopus appetizer. It was also to soft. The cooks need to do a better job on the seafood. 
The restaurant is located adjoining to a hotel. It was clean with a large bar with one tv. 
Don't think we would be going back.very nice breakfast. Try the Huevos Rancheros with chorizo. It is awesome! 
Btw, go others earlier, it seems popular in this area + the hotel residents.overpriced bland food-nice atmosphere. it just needs rime to get it together
I gave it more time to get it together-the kitchen is still slow and confused. It wasn't busy and our order took a long time and when we were served, it was cold.
Nice people work but-I dined here on a late Saturday night with five others. Upon arrival, we were almost immediately seated. The service was okay but definitely nothing over the top in any way. 
The food was however was great. Some of us at the table went with appetizers while some of us went with complete meals. I for one had the fried calamari and it was extremely crisp and flavorful. I topped it off with some tarter sauce and it was yummy! Some other guest at the table had the Salmon dip, wings and fries, Caesar salad, and the Churrasco Steak with the yucca fries. 
Every single person said their meal was great and they thoroughly enjoyed it.
I would definitely be willing to give this place another try because of the food and atmosphere. Even on a late night, they didn't seem to rush us out or anything and the food was still cooked to order.Nice variety of fresh steaks and seafood. Chicken was delicately seasoned and the grits were creamy, not over cooked. Salmon was very good, a bit undercooked. Fine selection of wine and beer. Slow service. Children's menu was unexpected. My son really enjoyed his quesadilla.Best Philly Cheese Steak Ever! All of us are raving, service a little slow but everyone apologized.Don't underestimate this place. It may be in the bottom of a hotel, but it surely rivals any other restaurant in this area. We came here for breakfast on a Monday. I had the two eggs and style with turkey bacon. My friend had the eggs Benedict and both were delicious. It's in a great location and had a great atmosphere. I was extremely satisfied with my entire meal and service.Special evening with my better half!  Our server Francis was very down to earth and accommodating.  Can't say the same about the hostess...ehem...anyway...we ordered the smoke chicken wings to start off with.  The dry rub was extremely tasty.  I ordered a side of barbecue dipping sauce but quickly realized there was no need for it.  The flavor was big and chicken tender!  Next up was the Lobster and Clam Bake...a Monday night special served all summer long until labor day.  The dish was served in an oval roaster pan.  Included in the roaster pan were a 1lb succulent lobster tail and claws, corn cob, potatoes, clam, mussels and shrimp...all swimming in a light and tasty white sauce.  The special cost $25 and was very filling.  Everything in that roaster pan was well seasoned.  We ordered a side of baked bread to sop up the sauce in the pan...we left full and satisfied!  Magnifique!What a fun place!!!  It's where everyone in town seemed to be!!   We had dinner and Keeli was phenomenal with her perfect recommendations!  She made it a fabulous food experience!   We wish were in town longer so that we could come back again!!  Don't miss this hit spot!  See if you can sit on Keeli's section because that gal knows the menu!!!!  So fun!!!Obsessed with this place. Food was amazing ! Service was amazing ! Everyone in the Philadelphia area has to go check this place out ASAP!I wound up at the Red Owl while hitting up the local tourist spots nearby. It is a charming and comfy little tavern with great service and a friendly atmosphere. 
The lunch menu was extremely limited. I wasn't expecting anything extraordinary at a "tavern" but since it's connected to a hotel I thought there would be more options. The food was good - I had fish and chips, my boyfriend had a burger. Our server was fantastic - which really goes a long way with me. 
My only complaint was the prices. I paid $20 for fish and chips that consisted of two SMALL pieces of fish and a plate full of shoestring fries. My boyfriend's burger was also $20 and was very average. I really feel like we paid $50 for a mediocre lunch only because it was "in" a hotel. 
Unfortunately, I wouldn't come back - but it IS convenient if you are in the area.. and the service IS good.My friend and I took a pit stop here after walking all day- so we were very hungry! We shared the BBLT which includes Brie cheese- can you say incredible?! I will never have a BLT ever again without Brie-  I would have never paired the combo but it was incredibly satisfying! The staff was extra nice and the prices were reasonable. I also remember attending a happy hour a couple years ago on the rooftop dec and that was beautiful!! It was the winter time so I was super nervous about being on a rooftop dec but the heating lamps actually made is very warm. The atmosphere was perfect for a cold,winter day because we could enjoy the outdoors without being cold- what more could you ask?! If you go here, definitely check out the rooftop deckThe kids menu is up to age 10. I'd say the portion is right up to age 6ish. Except the grill cheese,  that is a whole sandwich.  The clam bake was a good value,  the ribs (appetizer) were a little too charred for my taste.  The portion size for adults was just right, but more on the small size. The short ribs is a little on the smaller size as well.  Ok value for the food.  Close to liberty bell and attractions which make its nice.$21 for the greasiest burger I have ever had! The beef was high quality and the toppings were fresh but the burger itself was undercooked and dripping with grease. Appetizer and drink menu were the saving graces. Crab and corn fritters were amazing. A bit overpriced but has a great location and ambiance.Chili was just awesome! Cornbread crust with cheese melted over the top was like magic in my mouth. Bartender was really friendly and the beer selection is excellent. Sold.We are big fans of the Kimpton Brand and have stayed twice at the Monaco over the holidays.  The most recent time was with the family and we were very impressed with the dinner at the Red Owl Tavern.  Some kinks to work out with the service (newer restaurant), but the food and the effort was great.  
Food - wife and 4 year old loved the short ribs. I had a beet pasta dish that was fantastic.  7 year old did not see anything on the menu she liked, so she just ordered off menu - no problem
Service - a little disorganized, but tried really hard.  No booster seats, so they grabbed a larger pillow from the lobby.  I appreciate the effort.
Overall, we have been to many Kimpton properties and most times, the food/food choice is just "OK".  Not the case with the Monaco in Philly.EXCELLENT FOOD ( we had the scallops)! The service was terrible but the food was seriously delicious.My girlfriends and I came in to celebrate our friends engagement and the service was terrific! Phil and Shannon both had such great personalities and had us laughing! They are definitely an great asset to the bar! I love bartenders who get to know their customers we will be going back!We stumbled upon this restaurant after a monsoon this afternoon and it was an okay experience.
I ordered the calamari to start and a burger with a mixed green side salad dressed with sherry vinaigrette.
The calamari was lightly battered had a decent crisp to it.  The accompanying jalapeño (also battered and fried) lent a great, subtle overall spice but was in itself so moist that the batter would slush off.  The lemon was fresh and juicy.  The tarter sauce wasn't very balanced.  A bit too tart, overall.
The burger was recommended as the star of the show.  I thought it was slightly below average.  I can see they were trying to do a charbroiled patty but it was bland and almost too burnt.  There were no accompanying sauces and even though I ordered the cook to be medium, it was much too dry (even for a medium).  It came with  enjoyable bread and butter pickle slices and fresh tasting lettuce as well as tomato.
Three members of my party ordered the Philly cheese steak, which I didn't try.  It was described by all three as "bland mush."  
The fries were very well seasoned, extremely crispy, with an almost velvety interior.  Definitely top twenty fries of all time.
The children's grilled cheese sandwich was golden brown with a crispy exterior and soft interior.  I loved that my niece received heirloom carrots in a tasty ranch dressing and crisp green apple slices.
My unsweetened iced tea tasted like it was freshly brewed.
Definitely an okay experience but not one I would go out of my way to repeat.Basic food done magnificently! It was a clean and pleasant atmosphere with friendly and prompt waitstaff. 
The best chicken soup in town! My boyfriend said the BLTB was the best he ever had--which says a lot. To top it off we had the apple pie and ice cream for dessert. Again, the best we ever had. 
Highly recommended. Don't forget to some fresh squeezed lemonade when you stop in.This place looks the part and the service was good. We came here for a casual Saturday brunch, while the atmosphere was good the food was decidedly average. After finishing my steak and eggs, which was drowned in an overly-salty sauce, all I could think of water water...These guys are KILLING IT with their salmon game! I'm staying at the Hotel Monaco and have had their salmon for dinner as well as salmon with a Cobb salad for lunch- both fantastic. Great food!A great new bar restaurant right across from Independence Hall,  our Founding Fathers would have been proud.  The food was excellent.  Service and decor also very nice.  Craft beer selection seems decent enough, however I always believe more beers should be available on tap.  A bit pricy, but it is center city.  Overall a great place that I would def return to,  cheers!Red owl killed it. We got lots of love from John and Kyle after being turned away (as hotel guests!) from the hotel sky bar. Thanks Kyle! Gave us complimentary drinks for our troubles. Really nice people and great service!Durante meu primeiro dia na Philadelphia, caminhando pela cidade, resolvi entrar na Red Owl Tavern.
O local é bem interessante e clima legal! Pedi o famoso Cheesesteak e não me arrependi. Bem servido temperado! 
A cerveja estava gelada, mas as batatas não tão quentes 
Recomendo para um Brunch!!Came for lunch the other day and i had such a good experience at Red Owl tavern. 
The bartender was awesome!Great place!  Ordered a simple burger, fries and a beer. It was quite honesty one of the best burgers I've had in a long time. Beer menu is a bit eclectic but that's not a bad thing, I love trying beers I don't usually drink. Great vibe, friendly bar tenders and staff.SO OVERPRICED. this place is cute and the menu options are fairly simple but this food is waaaay overprice and the quality just doesn't compare. It's as if this restaurant is stuck between Applebee's and an expensive restaurant. Really unhappy about the portions and the fact that our waitress disappeared for 30 mins at a time Without checking on the table.Service was good and the atmosphere was okay, kind of "urban chic meets college bar." But the food was uniformly awful and, for the prices we paid, unforgivable. Maybe their location means high overhead. Whatever. We should have eaten at one of the many food trucks in the vicinity.The food here is a bit pricey, but if the food is really amazing! It's not just hotels restaurant food, it's actually good. The reviews for the crab and corn fritters all looked good, but they were amazing! Words can't do them justice. They had the perfect crunch, but were light and airy and filled with lots of crab meat. The Brussels sprouts are also amazing. Come here for drinks and apps and you will be sure to love it!I always do love a Spaniard - especially when it's a take on an Old Fashioned featuring sherry and chocolate bitters.
Food all sounded amazing and I struggled to decide. . . I finally went with the evening's special soup which rocked my world: potato,corn,mushroom chowder with truffle oil and something vinegary and yum.
Big green salad was indeed big and looked like it could serve two.  I still ate the whole thing myself.  It came with amazing pickled veggies and I am so making this at home.
Dessert was far more tempting than usual (brown butter apple tart?!  Bread pudding with bananas and chocolate?!)
Bartender was great.
Peeve: While sitting at bar; the servers spin you around in your chair every time they shove past.  I think we need to widen that walk way a bit friends.
Grab and go counter is great too - yummy latte and scrumptious pumpkin walnut bread, with super cute and funky little servers.Stopped in for dinner and had a mixed green salad and seared sea scallops over succotash. The salad was very fresh with a flavorful vinaigrette and the scallops were excellent. I hadn't expected much and was pleasantly surprised. The cocktail menu looked great although I didn't have one. Service was a tad slow but very friendly.Visiting Philadelphia on a college visiting trip and was wandering with the tribe (family) and got hungry. We just finished visiting the Liberty Bell and Independence Hall around 5pm ish, so we picked the Red Owl Tavern on a whim - TOFTT and won!
The place is a little cozy downstairs and the chairs were the solid steel chairs with no padding. I kind of like the padding on chairs and thought this wasn't going to be a good choice. There were lots of patrons at the bar which I took as a good sign. 
Small plates worked, beverages were cold and the service was fine. Ordered the Grilled Octopus, Carpaccio and Steamed Mussels. Since the tables weren't too busy the turnaround was quick. The Octopus was severed on a bed of potatoes with chorizo and puree chili. The tentacles were prepared so it was soft and tender. The only gripe was there we're only two tentacles. Hardly what I expected in quantity.  The Carpaccio was tasty and well presented. The best dish was the Steamed Mussels in garlic and shallots. Great tasting and by far the best value. It was paired with slices of sour dough baguettes and it was fun to dredged it in the juicy sauce. There was plenty of mussels to share. Oh, I forgot ROT offers charcutier and cheese boards with looked great too. 
Overall, we could have easily tried the typical limited burger bar food establishment but this place had a little variation. I would try it again.Great location, stocked with a huge variety of wines, liquors, beers. The bartenders actually know how to make drinks and even specific to customers' taste and/or preference. Great food. Right in the middle of the historic site.Red Owl was overall a bizarre experience. We walk in and the hostess says... NOTHING! Then when she did come out of la la land she hands us a menu and says "oh, this is the brunch menu which is all we're serving right now." My mom and I kind of glance at it (wondering why she hasn't sat us down) and then tell her okay, we're ready to be seated. She proceeds and then the hipster waiter comes out, just generally being awkward beyond belief. We ordered two burgers and what sucks the most is that the burgers were DELICIOUS. However, atmosphere is hugely important to me. Two stars, max unfortunately.Brought my parents here because of the location. I should have done some research first. 
We told them we had a reservation and yet, about 5 minutes after we were seated, I received an email stating that my reservation had been canceled. 
The hostess was new and obviously did not think to ask if my mother, who was holding on to someone to walk from the moment we entered, could walk up a ton of stairs. I asked for a table that did not involve stairs and this completely flustered the hostess. The Red Owl is in a hotel so there are elevators, by the way. The hostess tried to seat us by the bar and it was so loud, even though the place was mostly empty, that my father asked about the elevators and if seating upstairs would be quieter. The hostess again became flustered and said it would be less noisy but she wasn't sure how to get upstairs. She then spent 5 minutes with us trailing behind her back and forth to get us to the elevator. I felt awkward and embarrassed for her and already wanted to leave. 
Upstairs was not quieter.  And they tried to sit us in a booth that was made for people smaller than average. I am not small, nor is my father, so I am not sure how they thought we were going to fit there. So we moved to a table. And then the service began.
Our waiter seemed annoyed with us, except for with my fiancé. Who wasn't paying. Is that snobby? Probably but it seemed like the waiter was being extra nice to my fiancé and ignored the rest of us. He spilled hot coffee on my father and did not even notice and then was sarcastically apologetic. He did get us a napkin with club soda on it, which was very nice.
The food was fine. But nothing to write home about. And the coffee was an atrocity.  
I will never return and will let everyone I talk to know.Came here for breakfast and had the blueberry muffin and breakfast potatoes. The breakfast potatoes were not crisp and had no seasoning so I would not recommend. The blueberry muffin was goodHits and misses for me. The harvest greens were crisp and fresh and had a tasty dressing, but it was a bit too much, and the blue cheese and candied pecans didn't work terribly well together. The mushroom pot pie filling was wonderfully rich and creamy, with such interesting spices, but the pastry was too tough to cut with my knife and fork. The 7-minute egg was delicious, but the Brussels sprouts were too salty. They have an extensive wine list, though, which surprised me, given it's a beer place. The service was friendly and efficient. It's a bit awkward walking in from the hotel side. There's no hostess station and it feels a bit unfriendly until you catch someone's eye.I want to let yelp readers know that the restaurant contacted me right away, following me up on my review.  I was moving and did not have the opportunity to call them to speak, but know they are very responsive and aiming to improve.  I would not hesitate to go there again.Mussels way to large... Farm raised? Chicken terrible .. Small, over cooked.. Over salted.... Too bad, because nice location and hotel, but major food disappointment.  Maybe they will address this weakness ...Right across the street from Independence Hall, Red Owl Tavern is a must-try for those in Old City Philly. It has a rustic and charming feel in the dining areas, and servers were quite friendly. My compatriots and I all enjoyed our meals, which were reasonably priced. I had the BLTB, which is your classic three-pronged sandwich along with Brie cheese. It was irresistible. We were there at the time of day when both breakfast and lunch were offered, so making a final decision on what to have was difficult, in a good way. Red Owl soars above in regard to food presentation and quality of taste. Owl surely be coming back sometime!i'll definitely be back to try this chicken pot pie that yelpers rave about. sadly, i'm not allowed to eat chicken on new years eve because my filipino mother says that if i do, then i'll be "scratching for money" in the new year.  ridiculous i know, but i obey!
anyways, my friends from baltimore came up to philly to celebrate new years eve.  red owl tavern delivered a perfect dinner to start off the night and ring in the new year.  i was immediately impressed by the atmosphere and decor.  rustic but elegant, the lofted open concept with exposed prep area and expansive bar are trendy and intriguing.  the drink menu is solid, we all enjoyed our choices, but while my old fashioned was strong and tasty, they went a little overboard with the ice cubes.  it's a minor infraction considering i recognize the snobbiness of my expectations.  unfortunately, i feel like the plethora of craft cocktail bars in center city have set a higher standard for any new bar that claims "craft cocktails."  for appetizers, we got the bone marrow.  buttery and creamy and spread over crostini on a bed of arugula.  quite tasty but it's a small portion good enough for only a couple of bites.  for dinner i had a perfectly cooked medium rare sirloin filet.  my fiance had the beet pasta with pork belly, which she loved but was a little sweet for me.  in fact, we all thoroughly enjoyed our meals.  i honestly didn't expect much from this hotel restaurant but i have to say that i'm delightfully surprised. 
i'll definitely hit up red owl tavern again.  and for more than just the chicken pot pie, since supposedly i should have enough "scratch" in 2013.Stylish without an attitude. Classic Phila place, lovely service fab food. Eggs Benedict with Hollandaise foam NOT glop! Endless coffee without having to plead. Philadelphia does things right friendly service it hour tge hasty "hello my name is.. and I am your server" hope so.. if you were my insurance agent d be worried. Can we get a national movement goig5 to stop the intro and just be nice?Totally not what I expected!!
Went here for brunch last week and absolutely loved it!  I thought it was going to be more like a sports bar BUT it is a rustic place of deliciousness!
Their drinks are a bit pricey and we were looking for a boozy brunch so we asked of they had any specials.  For $18 you get their Bellini bar: a bottle of champagne and a super yummy and fresh selection of juices and fruit.  Great deal! 
For food, I got the huevos rancheros and loved it! It comes deconstructed, basically on giant tortilla chips, and is super flavorful.  My husband got the burger, which looked awesome, and came with a great onion jam that I actually ate with my dish- definitely ask for some on the side!
There's only 1 TV here so don't come looking to watch Sunday football, bit I will definitely be back with my girls for another Bellini bar!On a one day whirlwind tour of Philadelphia,  I stopped off here,  due to its very close proximity to The Liberty Bell, for an early evening bite.
Immediately made to feel welcome and comfortable by the hostess. The menu was difficult to choose from...a lot of very appealing dishes.
I ended up selecting the charcuterie plate and some Liberty School Cabernet Sauvignon. The platter was served in a very hearty way and tasted great, with a good balance of meat, cheese and condiments.
The service was outstanding. Will definitely return for an enteree!We stopped here for lunch during our tours of Independence Park.
We ordered burgers, veggie burgers BLTB (last "B" is for brie) and some sides. Everything was very good to excellent. Burgers cooked to our liking, veggie burger tasted homemade, the BLTB was as good as it sounds, and the side asparagus was a standout. Even the house brewed iced tea was extra flavorful.
Service was friendly and efficient, and prices were good, especially considering the location.
Great stop if you are visiting the area.I was expecting a Bellini bar but it was just a bucket at the end of the restaurant with small juice jars.. ehh that was a disappointment. Wouldve been cute if they brought individual buckets to the tables for the bellini mixs. The stuffed French toast was great.But it was very stuffy heat was too high on the 2nd floor. Waiter was very nice and helpful. He turned on the ac after we made a comment to him.Bartenders are not particularly personable,  at least not with everyone. When i sat down it was just before the cut off time of food being served, but i wasn't given a heads up. That would have been nice. I have visited this bar on one other occasion and had the mussels, and they were good.  Next time I will try to show up sooner. It's a nice bar/restaurant. While I am staying at the hotel this time, I didn't even know it was connected to a hotel last time. Not your average hotel lobby bar.Great brunch with nice pastries, frittatas and bottomless bellinisGreat food - very pricey for breakfast.  We were looking for a place on our way to the Convention Center and had passed this place a couple times.  I had the French Toast and it was great.  We just spent over $40 for two breakfast dishes and two orange juices.The food here was excellent. I started out with the fried calamari which was delicious with the side of special remoulade sauce to dip in. For dinner i had organic chicken with asparagus and mach potatoes that's was amazing.
The service was great and the good came out quickly. The other highlight was the patron margarita. My word it was delicious.My fiance and I started at the bar since dinner didn't start till 5pm. Each drink we had was meticulously thought out and executed well. The bartenders were great so we stayed at the bar for dinner. We had wings, salmon and short rib. Each dish was delicious. The wings were smoked and dry rubbed with a BBQ dusting. The house made ranch complemented the wings well. Salmon was cooked perfectly (I dislike well done salmon) and the short ribs were melt in your mouth. The parsnip puree that came with the short rib was so so so good. Please don't let the negative reviews let you overlook Red Owl.I only came in for a couple of drinks with my girlfriends and I will definitely be going back to sample their menu. The decor is phenomenal and the drink selection is outstanding. The bartenders were very knowledgable and attentive.FIRST and foremost -- GREAT SERVICE!!! This place INVENTED the warm welcome and non-intrusive attentiveness. Mirrors hotel service wherein the resto is located. Food OK. Great tourist location. 25 percent tip. If you're in the hood, try it. -- HOTSPUR. (This review will also appear at The PJ (www.junto.blogspot.com).Atmosphere was great.... Great and different mix of people! Had drinks and appetizers - overall good... Will be back when I am in Philly!!! Plus an upstairs eating area and a rooftop bar!!! The bartender was great!!!This place was pretty cool until they changed a UFC fight because of a "parent's complaint."  First, if 90% of folks at the bar want to watch the fights, it's a good indicator that they'll stick around and enjoy the eve.  Second, it's 945 at night.  Kids should be in bed.  If not, turn their seats away from the tv, so everyone else can have adult time.Tried it twice so far - once for brunch and once for dinner. Both times, the kitchen messed up big time. Wait staff sort of apoligized, but not really. Certainly wasn't the waitstaffs fault, and certainly they shouldn't blame the kitchen, but they could have checked on us a few more times and apoligized a bit more for the kitchen's mistakes.
Both times, first course came right away, and then the wait began. We waited, and waited, and waited - told more than once that our food was on it's way - and then waited some more. We watched three tables around us get their food - all of whom were seated after we were. The most amazing part was that I could see the kitchen from where I was sitting and they were standing around doing nothing!
It really is ashame, because the food is rather good. But the mis-steps from the kitchen and the less than attentive service are reasons enough not to return. Wish it  wasn't that way since the nieghborhood needs some good reliable places - this just isn't going to be one of them.If the food was as awesome as the decor it would have gotten more stars. The atmosphere was very fun and unique. The food however was not very good :( the soup was scorched. The waiter was embarrassed and took the cost of it off the bill without me asking. The portions were large but less thn flavorful.Return? Definitely
Atmosphere (4) - Great location, kitty corner to Independence Hall, across from park. Great, long bar, high ceilings, plenty of space, not loud/easy to carry on a conversation
Food (4) - , bloody mary (5), BLTB w/ avacado (5)
Service (4) Sat at bar, friendly, not rushed
Cost = Total tab before tax/tip was $40 w/ two drinksbeIndependence!
We were killing time before our tour of Independence Hall in Philadelphia - having travelled from California.  Fell into the Red Owl because it was convenient to the tour and were very happy we did.
We were staying at the other Kimpton Hotel in the city, the Hotel Palomar, so it was interesting to compare it to the Monaco of which this restaurant seems to be part of.  The Red Owl is very dense in that there is a lot of steel and design going on, as well as visual activity with the full bar, corner location and upper level of dining.  But it was all good and their menu is big which was a good thing for us.
Wife had a cheesesteak sandwich and I opted for mussels in a curry sauce with an order of fries - all of which were classically good.  We never did get around to the venerated Philly cheesesteak joints - this was a close as we got to them.  Service was great, nice and quick and got us to the tour right on time.
Nice experience near Independence Hall!Sat at bar and had one beer. Service was impersonal. I didn't enjoy the atmosphere but the location is great, Just off Independence Square.Made a point to review :) believe it or not found this place on allergy eats, I'll put up a review there next! I work in restaurant and understand allergies take more time and care, a hot commodity in a busy restaurant. Allergies aside the restaurant atmosphere is superb, greeted and sat with friendliness and humor out of the cold. 
Our server Aaron, I can't say enough good things about- he didn't flinch at my list of allergies, recommended exquisite food, personally checked to make sure I could eat something safe and delicious with the cooks (thank you Bobby for one of the most exquisite meals I've had in years). 
To top it off, after I was halfway through my meal and had warmed up with coffee, he examined my tastes in whiskey and recommended his personal favorite. Sold, and I was not disappointed. I'll definitely be grabbing a bottle of bookers for home :) I love a server with such care, menu knowledge, both food and alcohol, character, warmth, and humor. Ask for Aaron if he's working! He embodies the character and reputation of Red Owl Tavern and if I lived here he'd have made a regular out of me! Hopefully this review entices future regulars on my behalf :)
When I'm back in philly this will be a must-visit spot. Thank you for making me and my family warm and well-fed! Couldn't have asked for better.Went there for breakfast.  Not a disaster, but nothing was very good:  the service, the food, the response to requests (e.g. dark muffin came barely singed, over hard eggs came over medium).  Plus it's expensive to boot.  A $60 Meal would have been $20 or less at a diner like the old Benny's Place that used to inhabit the same block.  Find somewhere else to go for breakfast.We stayed at the hotel next to the Red Owl and ate here for dinner and breakfast during our stay. 
BAR: Bartender was very friendly, and fun! We did shots of their homemade cinnamon whiskey which is comparable to Fireball, but way better!
DINNER: It was Christmas eve, we had an amazing meal! It was a "pop up chinese menu" for the holiday but you could also order limited items off the normal menu (which was already very limited). Everything tasted delicious and the staff was great! I loved the decor and it was a clean facility.  I had the vegan black bean cakes and they were filing, and had great flavor, but kind of pricey. We shared the desert which was much, but we were so full, it was fine. BRUNCH: I split 2 dishes with my Ma. We had the french toast, and the farm fresh eggs with the typical fixings. Food came out COLD, but we were so hungry from our morning walks, we ate it anyway. I think they homage their jam, it was SO GOOD! Not a ton of food, again, kind of pricey for what it was.The crab and corn fritters and salmon were amazing. This restaurant has a great craft beer and drink selection.Service was great.  Food was good.  I ordered the steak frites.  The potatoes were a bit of an overload but good.  Steak was perfect.  I also ordered the blondie dessert.  That was good.  Loved the salted caramel.   It's worth going.Bought it the place for a private party. Good stuff. Had the lobster and short ribs, both perfectly cooked. Beautiful plate with yummy butternut squash, polenta - sounded interesting tasted fantastic! Good service, comfortable bistro atmosphere. No nearby restrooms, that's weird. Worth a visit.Visiting the Pa area with friends. Came across this place. Reviews were mostly good so decided to try. Prices are high. But there is a happy hour with 1/2 price apps. I got crab/corn fritters $6-1/2 price, hummus and htipiti dip $6-1/2 price and mixed green salad $12. See photos.  While the salad is very over price, the combination was way too much for one person to eat. I took back to my hotel 1/2 of the salad and all the hummus plate (minus 1 pita) bread-I had to sample each dip. The food was excellent. Service excellent. The manager even came to each table to see how we were doing. Very classy. I think this is a must for every restaurant. My friends had alcohol beverages, which were very reasonable with happy hour prices. I forgot what time happy hour starts, but it ends at 7pm. I gave them 4 stars because the over all menu prices are high. Though the $25 for my meal was well worth it. If it wasn't happy hour, I would have not gotten 2 appetizers.They were super busy, but the staff made us feel like we were their only guests. The food was great. Love the PLBT.My best friend got the pastrami and loved it as well. It was a little loud but excellent service. Definitely stop in for lunch.Stayin at the Monaco so we decided to try the restaurant.  The food was delicious.  It was presented well and very tasty.Great Service!
We had the Monday special "lobster bake", although it was very good, the seafood was sparse.  Well worth the $25 special, but not worth the regular menu price of $39.  Our server was Shane, and the service we received from him was excellent!!My family and I had an outstanding lunch at Red Owl while in town to see the Liberty Bell.  Innovative menu, big portions, and kid-friendly from beginning to end.  
The best part was the service, notably from #Richard.  This server picked up immediately on my daughter's sign language and made it his mission to engage her.  He came back multiple times to chat with us/her, learn more signs and engage with all of in sign.
Great restaurant and even better people.  Highly recommend!
#Richardftw. #askforrichardFood and prices are fairly upscale. Everything was cooked to perfection and portions were adequate for a traveler who wants to be satisfied but can't take home leftovers. Quite the liquor selection. Loved the view from our table upstairs by the windows looking out onto the street! The food was amazing and our server was great. Full disclosure, we visited during a winter storm and practically had the place to ourselves, so probably more attentive service than usual, but I'd definitely return during normal hustle and bustle.Red Owl Tavern is delicious. My fiance and I both had their burger with a hard cider and my mom had their salmon. The burger was a little expensive ($18), but everything was on point. Their fries were crispy and seasoned just right. The staff was really friendly as well and everyone was smiling and happy. For dessert, I got this blondie ice cream sandwich which was so delicious. The blondie was soft, chewy and super flavorful. The ice cream that they used was from Franklin Fountain. Overall, I would say that if you are visiting Philadelphia and want a delicious/casual meal, please do stop at the Red Owl Tavern.My friends and I have been boozy brunching here for years. At the corner of Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell, its location is prime time historic Philadelphia. The reason we started coming here was because of the champagne specials. $18 for a bottle and it's not your super sugary cheap champagne. This also includes their Bellini bar where they have fresh made juices like pomegranate, strawberry, peach with bowls of fresh fruit to put into your champagne flute.
For the food, most the brunch items cost between $16-$25 and the portions are large. My top favorites are the huevos rancheros, the burger and the BLTB (blt with brie and I recommend adding the avocado). The BLTB is huge and comes with fries and their homemade ketchup. Their special ketchup has almost a smokey flavor to it (yumm). 
Cons: no bathroom in the actual restaurant. You have to walk into the hotel (which is gorgeous) to use the loo. Second, we often come in big groups 15-20 people and they only let 2 bottles of champagne on the table at once. It is frustrating because 2 bottles doesn't even fill everyone's glass once. You have to wait another 5-10min for them to bring two more and finally everyone can have their first brunch glass.Typically, I stay away from hotel restaurants, but Kimptons tend to be an exception in my book. I'm so glad we tried this place! I ordered the scallops and they were fantastic!  The plate presentation was beautiful and they were cooked perfectly!
Only giving 4 stars because our server wasn't that attentive, which is odd for a Kimpton restaurant experience. 
Friendly hostess and manager. Great ambiance. Would definitely recommend if you're in the area!Been here once for lunch.
Service 5/5: polite staff, fairly quick at bringing out food and seating you, nice bartenders.
Food 4/5: the cheesesteak and tavern burgers were really great. Both had huge portion sizes and came with fries. The fries were too salty for me but the rest tasted good. The mixed drinks were only ok. I had the general mule which was very sugary and tasted like powdered lemonade. They also had a very limited menu during lunch hours. We looked at the menu online but most of those options weren't available. We went in around 2pm.
Price 1/5: I guess it's to be expected in this high-tourist area of the city, but the prices are way too high for the type of food and venue.  We got 1 burger, 1 cheesesteak, 2 cokes and 1 mixed drink and it totaled $84 - for lunch. The burger alone was $20.Had a late lunch at the bar after we checked into the hotel. Staff was really friendly and helpful. Menu was limited and a little pricey for lunch, but they had a some nice selections to chose from. We enjoyed our salads. Sandwiches coming out around us looked good as well. 5/5 for convenience and friendliness 4/5 for price and selection.My go to boozy brunch spot! You can't go wrong with $18 bottles of sparkling wine (which I think Is a little better quality than penn 6 who also does a deal like this). This restaurant is great for large groups and is always accommodating. Just recently when I went we informed the waitress some people had to leave soon after being seated to get to a meeting and the food came out at lightning speed. There food is always tasty although I think overpriced for what it is. 
I have also been here for happy hour before which has pretty decent deals. 
Overall a great spot for being in a very touristy area!nice size lunches
had the chopped salad with steak, steak was done perfect, 
service was really nice too
I would go backEvery time I visit philly I have to have a meal here! All of their menu items are always so creative and always cooked to perfection! And their bartenders are always creating something new and fun!the atmosphere is kind of interesting/odd. it has the same weird vast/airy/cavey feel of most hotel restaurants - super high ceiling and it just doesn't feel like a restaurant. but it's paired with nice reclaimed wood everywhere because that's cool for restaurants to do now. tables weren't crowded, plenty of servers.
our server was a good dude who explained everything very well, perhaps too well. I say dude because he was extremely casual with us - totally fine as I'm a casual dude myself but could rub some folks the wrong way. 
big green salad - interesting, but not amazing. good attention paid to individual ingredients (roasted tomatoes, pickled celery/fruit, interesting dressing). nice!
for dinner, i had the shortrib (my server warned me it would be fatty. obviously, why else would I order it). No idea why they brought me a knife, may as well have been a spoon. dining pal had the lamb shank, also tasty and served over a bed of black lentils. very smokey, a touch fatty but nice. 
I think this place may wind up kind of a hidden gem to the right people. many folks will go here because it's in a hotel, is "new american" whatever that means and is a "modern steakhouse." The fact of the matter is that glitz and glamour and chintzyness aside, they make good meat, use good local vegetables and aren't priced too shabby. 
recommended!Just breezing through Philly after being head butted by a horse and decided to stop into this place on the corner for a quick bite.  They serve brunch all weekend and it was absolutely scrumptious.  
I settled with their house made country pate because I'm a big fan of liver (stop gagging, it's delectable).  I was expecting some pate and slices of bread not the smorgasbord that they came out with.  Not only was the liver filled with other textures but it came with a homemade honey mustard, dried fruit, brie and the bread was a type of fruit bread.  It was absolutely amazing with every single bite.  The only complaint that I had was that I wish there was more slices of bread!  With all of the wonderful things they included on the board to eat there wasn't enough bread to go around and eat with everything.There was multiple things wrong with this restaurant. First of all the service deserves 1 star, the waiter was not friendly, didn't know the menu, and clearly didn't know how to do his job. Secondly we made a reservation for a birthday, that was not even acknowledged. Thirdly the food was cooked well, but when it came out it was falling off the plate. Needless to say don't spend your hard earned money or time here...This is now my 9th or 10th time eating here.  Although they've replaced what I felt was the single best dish on the menu (chicken pot pie), I still come back for the short rib.  The food is excellent, as well as casual enough to just stop in for lunch or dinner with no fear of how your dressed, or needed a reservation.
I'm only updating this review because it's such a strange experience eating at the bar, and at the tables. I feel as if I'm at a gay-singles bar; EVERY time I've sat at the bar (maybe 6 times), I've been hit on by a random, late-middle-aged guy.  From offering to buy me a drink, to appologizing for invading my personal space (and trying to look over my shoulder to read my phone screen) while I eat, to mentioning his view from his suite upstairs and offering to show me after another drink, I can't just sit here and enjoy my food without feeling assaulted.  I'm a straight male, dress average, and none of my friends (straight and gay) don't feel I give off any type of "vibe".  Other friends who have come here with me have had the same experience.  A girlfriend I was with was approached by a male asking about her "friend", and two other male friends at a table in the bar area were sent over drinks from a much older man at the bar.  I don't have these experiences anywhere else in Old City, and as much as I like their food, their vibe will keep me from ever coming back.Had the cheesesteak, oustanding wih carmelized onions and roasted hot peppers. The eggs benedict with Virginia  ham on a biscuit was heavenly. The kids had the grilled skirt steak cooked over a wood grill. 
Our server was very friendly and provided great serice.  Would definitely come here again.Had a fantastic dinner!  Recommend the skirt steak and cheese platter. Our waiter, Allen, was fantastic!  Funny and there when we needed him but not obtrusive. Just perfect!Visited the Red Owl Tavern on Saturday night and it was a great experience. First, the service was great, our server was personable, friendly and attentive! Had the smoked salmon dip as an appetizer and highly recommend it. For the meal, went with their signature burger and it does not disappoint because it has all the right toppings and I think my favorite part was the onion marmalade spread. It had the right kind of sweetness and savoriness every burger needs.
Definitely will be coming back!We had drinks and apps. The cocktail menu is fantastic, but the prices are a little ridiculous.  I had the To Kill A Mockingbird, which was delicious and not too sweet.  The crab and corn fritters were fluffy and not greasy, and the crab was plentiful and fresh. The grilled octopus was tender and smoky.  The Brussel sprouts were crispy but not over cooked.  We order roasted Brussel sprouts whenever they are offered and these were certainly among the best I've had.  Finally, the marrow was rich and smooth.  Marrow is not something I'd normally think to order, but it was delicious.  We had kids in our party and there was a great kids menu.  The service was excellent.For such a large restaurant that just opened, I was very impressed.  I was in on a Saturday evening with a large group.  Upon arrival we were promptly seated.  They did a great job with the look/feel of the joint.  They have a large bar with a very nice display of whiskeys and bourbons.  It looks like they repurposed many of the materials used in construction.
We split 2 mussels appetizers (sausage and garlic), both of which were good, but the consensus was the garlic was the best.  I went with the sirloin with cheese.  we also had the cheesy grits side.  i also had the chance to try the fresh beet pasta and pork confit papardelle.  Both were tasty, especially the pork.
Drinks were strong and very affordable.  I was a big fan of the Scottsman.  
I'm looking forward to returning again.I came here for Happy Hour with one of my close friends and we had the time of our lives, to say the least.
The atmosphere is quite glamorous, which is to be expected at a ritzy hotel bar. The restaurant seems like a very nice place to go with family, or a special someone, but we just took a seat at the bar. The place is positively crawling with young professionals and older executive types. Very business.
The bartender was wonderful. He was very friendly (working for those tips) and whipped up a couple of great cocktails. My favorite was the Lavender Martini--not on the menu, just something he created on the spot.
Great spot for when you're in the mood to be overly classy for an evening. The prices are a little steep for a graduate student, but then again, the drinks are usually free anyway in a place like this!After a great weekend for our numbers association reunion we had a little family gathering at the for a little surprise birthday party. 
This is a great place lot of friendly people , service was excellent and the food was outstanding. 
I recommend if you're in Philadelphia to stop in here enjoy The atmosphere and a great mealThis is by far the worst restaurant. We ordered 2 Cesar salads, kids pasta and the beef major. It took 45 minutes to get our food and the steak meal was missing the potatoes. The manager comped the steak meal but before the steak meal  was even finished they cleared the table. They removed the plates before they were finished and without asking. Extremely rude service. Do not go!My friend and I visited this restaurant over memorial day weekend after a 3 hour tour of the city. We arrivedat 4:22 and we were starving!  The hostess sat us at a table for 2 which was so small that we didn't know how both our plates would fit on the table at the same time. I asked the hostess if we could sit at the larger table next to us and she told us no (even though at 4:30 they open up the upstairs portion of the restaurant for dinner where there were several more tables).  We sat down at our cramped table. The waitress came to take our drink order. We both ordered water. She brought us 2 glasses and some water in a glass container. it was about 80 degrees that day and the water was warm. no ice in the glasses. When we looked at the menu, we saw that it was the 'snack menu'. Apparently, you don't get a regular dinner menu until 4:30. While a little annoyed since we only had 5 mins to go, we knew we were only ordering salads so we didn't make an issue of it. We placed our order: a chopped salad and a Caesar salad, both with grilled chicken added (both were ricdiculously priced). and then we waited... and waited....and waited.... after a half an hour, we were pretty annoyed and started looking around for someone. At that point, I noticed there were 2 salads that had been sitting on the counter for quite some time. People have been walking by them, servers have been talking over them, one server was leaning against the counter right next to one of them.  Around this time the manager came over and told us that they lost our ticket and they were correcting the issue now. (i can only assume is that they basically forgot to cook our chicken, even though we were watching the cooks in the kitchen sweep, clean up and converse with each other).  At this point , even after we pointed out that we have been waiting half an hour for SALADS, the manager never offered us anything for the inconvience. Not a drink, not an appetizer, not even some bread for the table. (i should also mention that in all this time our waitress never even came back to check on us so that we could ask for some ice for our warm water). I asked the manager if the salads I have been looking at for quite some time were ours and he said 'yes'. i told him we didnt want salads that have been sitting there so long and people were talking and gesturing over. He said "if you don't want them, then you don't have to take them". We told him we don't want them and that we were going to go. He just walked away, no apologies, no attempt to get us to stay. 
We definitely will not be giving this establishment another chance since it is obvious they do not value their patrons all around experience. From the minute we walked in the door, we knew we should have left. Next time we will listen to our intuition.Great restaurant attached to Hotel Monaco.  My husband and I had drinks at the bar, dinner and brunch and we were well pleased with each experience.  Chris is a great bartender.Great place to grab a dinner and some drinks in old town Philly.
Nice looking bar/restaurant that fits in well with the location... which is right next to the Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell.
We had the chicken... which was really done well... nice spices and flavor... unique... my wife got a big garden salad and it was really good.
Overall a fine place ...Not bad at all for a hotel restaurant in a high traffic tourist trap. The Red Owl has one of the better burgers in town. I could swear there's some kind of liquid smoke maple thing happening in that burger. Not sure what it is but it's ridiculous good. Decent beer and cocktail list and I've rarely waited for a table despite the fact that it always seems to be filled right at capacity.The hostess greeted us right away and even knew our names when we said the reservation time.  Our server , Katherine, anticipated our every need as diners and made us feel welcome.  The atmosphere was warm, cozy, and relaxed.  The food was superb and the chocolate custard was amazing.  We will be backWe have been here a few more times and the update to 5 stars is richly deserved.  Highly recommended.Great hotel, great ambiance, meh cocktails, and horrid food.  I had the local leaf lettuce salad and top sirloin steak. Everything, and I do mean everything, was overly sweet and sticky. Far too much sweetness in the honey vinaigrette (why no balance??), and the steak might as well have been dipped in a sugar glaze. I was extremely disappointed that the food didn't live up to its promise. I am also skeptical of a bar that's trying so hard for the americana feel but the bartender doesn't know what a greyhound is, and asks me if I want both olives and vermouth in my dirty martini. Eh??Our go-to restaurant for brunch with a big group of people! Even though our reservations are made sometimes last minute, they always accommodate us. The restaurant has a very pleasant dining atmosphere with its large, lofty ceilings and warehouse look, set right by independence hall and the liberty bell. We go for the champagne bar! We order a bottle of champagne and have them keep it coming. The champagne bar has raspberries, strawberries and orange slices in a bowl that you can add to your drink. There are also bottles of fresh juices that you can add as well (the strawberry and the passion fruit are high delicious!). You don't really need to dress up a pour of champagne but it certainly is fun when you do! 
The food here is great as well. I get the huevos rancheros and I've also gotten the three meat hash which is very filling and flavorful. My friend got the French toast and the whipped cream was fresh. 
Whether you're in town and visiting with your family, or attempting to begin a hefty session of day drinking with a large group of friends, this is a solid place to try out!Had a great time at Red Owl Tavern! The bartender Chris is not only personable but makes a mean mojito! We had a blast watching him make drinks. You can tell he is passionate about what he does. The Manager Jason was personable as always. His hospitality is much appreciated. Kudos to your great establishment! Definitely try to crab and corn fritters, so yummy!We went for an early dinner mid-week in July with our two young children ages 4 and 7. There was good food and good service. 
We were seated pretty much right away upstairs by the window and then our server arrived almost immediately to take our drink order. The kids liked the children's menu and the activities on it and we had the short ribs with polenta and the seared scallops as well as two cocktails. 
My only complaint is that the bathroom is in the adjacent hotel, past the elevators, down the stairs and halfway down the hallway. It was kind of a pain ONLY because once one kid went mid-way through dinner the other one had to go as soon as the first one got back. That's my coordination problem, not the restaurant's. But if the bathroom was inside the restaurant, it would have been slightly less inconvenient. 
It's not cheap but keeping in mind the location and quality of food and drink it's not expensive either. We hardly get to go out ourselves, so we took advantage of being on vacation to go out one night to a nice place and not have fast food. It was worth it.Came here for drinks with some mama friends for a much needed night out. They were able to seat us no problem. The space is a little tight so can get a little noisy, but was comfy and we had a good time. Drinks were delicious, food was fine, service was a little pushy but friendly. The bathroom is actually in the hotel, downstairs, through a long hallway... bring provisions. But it was a nice excuse to spy on the hotel decor =PGreat place. It was a long wait for a table so my fiancee and I sat at the bar instead. The bartender was great, very helpful and attentive (not to mention his great moustache). We told him it was our first time in Philadelphia and he provided a long list of potential places to go for sightseeing/dinner. There was a nice selection of drinks and food. We both had the Philadelphia cheese steak, which was very good. I had it with a coffee stout, which was also delicious. Will return next time I'm in Philadelphia.Ate there for brunch. Great place and good food. First order of bennies weren't right but the staff did a great job making it right. Would definitely go back.Me and my wife were staying at the Hotel Monaco, which is great by the way, and decided to try the Red Owl Tavern.  The food was decent but not great. Hummus appetizer is a must.  We both had steaks and my wife's was overcooked and mine was above average but nothing to write home about.  Drinks were good, try an old fashioned.  Worth a try.I went to the Red Owl Tavern for the first time with a couple of friends and had an outstanding experience. I was a bit apprehensive going to a restaurant attached to a hotel thinking it would just be full of people from out of town, but I was clearly mistaken. There was such a fun and eclectic crowd within the place and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. I ordered the Amish Chicken  and a Turkish Delight drink based off our waiter's recommendation and it was incredible. Our waiter, Shane was so personable and knowledgeable about the menu.  He was able to make suggestions based off of what my friends were looking and he matched us all up with our meals perfectly. I will definitely be going back for the wonderful food, great ambiance, and exemplary service offered by the Red Owl Tavern.This is a review of the brunch. Keep away. The menu is kind of meh, nothing jumps out at you.
Coffee was burnt..
The waffles seemed like they were right out of a microwave. Rubbery and tasteless (the server gave them high marks)....
The mixed-berry compote on the french toast was beyond sweet, almost unedible..
Hash was very standard..
Throw in some yogurt and you have yourself a $90 meal - pretty ridiculous.
To be fair, this joint is a good spot for grabbing snacks and drinks, especially if you're staying in the attached hotel. Just find brunch elsewhere.Breakfast was solid - I had the red owl omelet.  The juice is supposed to be awesome.  In the evening they have a good local selection of beers.  Really great addition to my stay at the Monaco hotel.Great burger, ambiance, crab and corn fritters, and staff!  Steak wasn't as great last time I went but will try again at some point.I visited on a Monday night, the place was pretty dead when I arrived (around 545) but quickly picked up. A nice bar scene, lots of guests from the attached Hotel Monaco. Bar staff was very friendly and knowledgeable about both food and drink. I had a happy hour classic old fashioned which was made with wild turkey 101. It was a pretty good drink and when priced at $6 is even better! 
For dinner I decided to order the sausage of the day, pork confit and potato gratin. The sausage of the day was a Vietnamese sausage with spices and fennel served with mustard greens and a white bean puree. While I didn't care for the white bean puree the mustard greens were fantastic as was the sausage. I wish it had a little more crunch on the casing, but I think that's a personal preference. I had another old fashioned, can't turn them down at $6 did I say that already?
The pork confit and potato gratin came out next and the first two things I noticed (sadly negative) were a) the size of the gratin, it wasn't more than a 1.5x1.5" square, would've expected more for $7, given the prices on the menu and the dishes, b) the ridiculous amount of butter on the pork confit. I can't figure out if the dish is normally served like this or this was just a one off, I have to think it's always served like this. Literally there was so much butter that it was 1/2" in the bottom of the bowl. I ate most of the pork, which soaked up the butter decently but the noddles were amazingly oily and really not edible. I'd love to hear that this was a mistake but I fear it wasn't. The gratin suffered from the exact opposite issue. It was dry, had no cheese taste to it, honestly tasted like a Betty Crocker home bake with a little salt.
I decided to skip dessert in favor of a glass of scotch from their excellent whiskey collection of bourbons, single malt and blended scotches, all priced reasonably. I had a Glenmorangie Quinta Rubin which was priced accordingly and had a generous pour.
Overall, I think these guys have some great things with the house made sausages and great cocktails on the menu, but the main and side I had just weren't too great. I saw others next to me get the chicken pot pie, sirlion filet and hummus and all seemed to be pleased. As an out of towner, I probably won't get another chance to sample, but give it a shot here, even if just for a drink.We stay at the Hotel Monaco and the Red Owl is connected - what a great spot - from breakfast to late night - food is always great and people that work there are always terrific. Everytime we go to Philadelphia we visit the Red Owl - highly recommend it!!The huevos rancheros were delish.
I thought the $18 Bellini bar was a great deal! A bottle of champagne and a selection of juices. 
Then they confused pineapple juice with orange juice - this wasting a Bellini on my part. 
And I was really ticked when what i took a tiny apple Danish that appeared to be free pastries on the Bellini bar turned up as a $3 charge.Great coffee, great service and great food!  It's a bit pricey but they probably need to pay for their prime location somehow.  The wait staff was fabulous.  The food was delicious.  I had the salmon lox and my wife had eggs and sausage.  We were both very happy with it all.  They even put our coffees in to-go cups so we had a warm drink while walking around.Overpriced!!! Had dinner here last night and breakfast today.  The menu is very limited.  The atmosphere has loud music and is very dark.  Turn the lights up some! I had to use my phone flashlight to read the menu.  The waiter recommended the braised short rib over the roast chicken.  Mistake! I had cauliflower and apple purée soup.  Very bland.  No salad or bread was offered.  I had an ice tea.  It was very good.  The meal was served on a large plate, but only half the plate was used.  One 3" square short rib, on a carrot horseradish purée.  Served with 3 tiny pickled onions and a few nearly raw baby zucchini.  The meat so good but the rest was terrible. The bill came to $49!!  I'm staying at the Monaco hotel.  So, I decided to try the restaurant for breakfast. I ordered coffee and croissant.  The menu said 2 croissants for $5.  I got 1 on a plate. I asked the waiter about what the menu said. He said it is 2 mini croissants for $5.  He thought I'd rather have 1 larger one.  Why don't they say "mini" on the menu. At least the croissant was fresh and crunchy.  Coffee was good. Breakfast cost $11 with tax. I won't come here ever again!!Where to start. The look of the place is amazing the staff is truly knowledgeable on the menu and friendly to boot. My husband and I came here need to take a break from the cheesesteaks we had come to town to sample. He got the burger they offer medium and had no complaints. I had he shrimp and grits the shrimp were a bit too seasoned for my liking so I ate around them and my husband finished them no problem. They were more than happy to accommodate the fact that it was my husband's birthday (( a simple Sunday no clapping or song thank you )) and when we informed them of myoverly seasoned shrimp they were more than happy to fix the issue for me. They have a $20 Bellini bar that had us there for hours and the bartenders are super knowledgeable and don't hesitate to find you something acceptable to drink if you're unsure. My husband and I have already made plans to go back to Philly simply to eat here again. It would be a definite regular go to for us both if we were Philly natives. The cheesesteak we had to help soak up some of the Bellinis was the best one we had in the city I'd eat it seven days a week. Made to order and that WHIZ  You will not be disappointed in any aspect of your experience at Red Oak.We first had lunch here and it was very good. 2 mornings later we came back for breakfast,  again very good. And the freshly squeezed orange juice.... OMG it was soo soo good. I wanted to tell them, just leave the pitcher on the table.  We are going back in the morning for some OJ, and yes we will also get some breakfast while there.The Restaurant Week menu for Red Owl Tavern was very limited. The choices for dinner were not as great as expected. I ordered the golden tilefish as my main course and it was pretty good, but the other options were not as great; however, the hazelnut cake for desert was definitely amazing. In addition, I ordered some starting appetizers, and they were tasty. I wish to get more from the main menu next time, though. Some of the options on the regular menu seemed delicious compared to the options for Restaurant Week.I'm a fan. When we stay at the Monaco it's so easy to run downstairs. It's so good that you don't feel bad about not venturing out a little farther than the ground floor. It's a small place with seating upstairs, that's better the bar can get boisterous and it's not great sitting next to all that. Upstairs and some of the tables downstairs are actually sort of cozy, and the food is excellent and creative. Local cheese board, charcuterie plate, chocolate dessert thing in the glass jar were all standouts. The salmon is great too, the dip and the entre´. It's a good choice if your're going to Will's Eye or Jefferson, it's quickly walkable from both.The food was delicious and our waiter was wonderful.  I highly recommend getting the Yakuza cocktail.  I was hesitant to try it because Mezcal can overpower a drink very easily.  It was well balanced and delicious, though.
The Kobe Beef Tartar was delicious.  They top it with diced cauliflower and radish, which gives it a nice crunch.  The waiter suggested pairing it with Pinot noir, and he was right.
The pavlova in their menu was divine.  I've wanted to try pavlova for a long time, so I was very excited to see it on their menu.  
This was one of the top restaurants I've been to in the last year.Great atmosphere drinks were very good, server Keeli was very knowledgeable knew the menu very well very friendly smiled a lot made us feel welcome  she was very busy but still managed to take good care of us, very attentive.  I had the pulled brisket sandwich which was tasty but extremely hard to eat very messy and wouldn't get it again that is why the 4* rating everything else is a 5*Right across from the liberty bell and independence hall this gorgeous little gem smells fantastic!! The fresh seafood smell emanating from the kitchen is absolutely delicious! I'm atmosphere alone I like the place already the servers are great and I love the hot chocolate!!! Will definitely be coming back here! The location is excellent and the place is just what it needs to be. Definitely recommend it! I would give it 5 but the prices aren't exactly perfect.Came for brunch and it was pretty good. They have a deal to Bellinis for $18 (a bottle of champagne to share and a bunch of fruit mixers). The food was ok - its fairly pricey but not really that great (compared to other brunch options in the city. The location is great though - right next to Independence mall.Friendly and attentive bar service with Christian. The water has lemon and cucumbers which add a nice brightness. Beer is cold! There are a lot of nice menu options- but I settled on the chicken sandwich. The brioche bun is fresh and sweet. The chicken is crisp and juicy. The sauce has a nice spicy kick- but is balanced nicely with acidity from the greens. Fries are delish! Would definitely return!Loved the casual atmosphere and beer selection.  I think this will become a real favorite for locals.  I had the chicken pot pie, which was delicious!  Those with a hearty appetite will probably find the portion on the small side.  My friends ordered the steak on the waiter's recommendation.  Both were quite disappointed with it and the waiter didn't ever ask how they liked it.  Maybe he could see from their faces.  Overall, the service was good and we only had a short wait for a table.Love there food.... however went there on a Saturday around 2:00 pm and they have a completely different menu..drove all the way to philly for there crab and corn fritters and left with nothing...I absolutely loved this place! They were able to easily accommodate my gluten free and dairy free needs. The waitress was very friendly and helpful. At times it seemed service was a bit slow, but she apologized and explained that she had been handling a situation with another table. I had the huevos rancheros. I believe this was the first time I've ever had huevos rancheros and I'm afraid that I'm going to be disappointed anywhere else that I order them. I was impressed with the quality of ingredients. I wish that I lived near this restaurant!This place was great!  Took my friend there for her bday celebration and we had the churrasco steak and lobster. The food was delicious and the service was superb! Our waitress Amy was a pleasure to meet. 
Would definitely recommend this place and hope to be back!Great space, decor and location in the Kimpton Monoco Hotel. Our server was a bit on the sketchy side, was nervous and forgetful. The table next to us got up and left, they said they were just waiting too long for toast and croissant. 
Our breakfast sandwiches were pretty basic, nothing special.(Dear Yelp, yes - I am currently too far away to check into the Red Owl Tavern but I was there yesterday  - for the record! )
This awesome eatery is on the corner of Chestnut St. in Philly - and what an awesome time my friend and I had there yesterday morning for breakfast. The wait staff was cheerful, and served up freshly squeezed orange juice after we sat down and kept it coming. 
The was efficient and patient, and the decor was wonderful - which added to the ambience that morning
 Big windows let in a lot of sun and the high bars and tables were made of a warm rustic wood. 
I had the egg white frittata which was good, albeit a little plain. The food was made with fresh ingredients which is very obvious--even the jam on the table was fresh and handmade! 
They had the freshest salmon which I had with cream cheese on the side - I think it was local!
Overall a thumbs up for a first dining experience in the friendly city of Philly!Red Owl took some time to master their service and improve ticket times, but once they did, we loved it. Brunch and bottomless mimosas are awesome. The decor is rustic chic and really well done. Worth stopping in if you're in old city.BIG PRICE for small plates - we had to go out for dinner after our dinner here .. 350$ and still hungry YIKES!! Pass on this place - better places in old city !Do not come to this place!! The management is completely rude to point its abusive!! Ignorant disgusting people that treated my friend & I who are tourists harsh. Hope the hotel throw's them out in the street!Been here 2x for brunch. Food is pretty good although it's kinda expensive. $15 for two eggs, meat, potatoes, and toast. $14 for French toast. $4-6 for sides. You get the idea. 1st time I went the service wasn't that great, but they were pretty busy. Today the service was much better but the restaurant was not that busy so it's kinda hard for me to judge the service. Restaurant is neat looking inside and they take reservations on open table.I was neither wowed by this place, nor let down. It is a typical hotel restaurant. I however was extremely impressed by the space that they operate in. It has a great atmosphere and design, but I feel the food prices are too steep. I can imagine though that with their prime location (kitty-corner from Independence Hall) they can keep these prices where they are to provide tourists with a decent place to grab a meal.Great food and love the atmosphere of the building. Food may look a little on the pricey side, however, they offer large portions. Full bar and good choices for beer including one gluten free beer. Staff was friendly and very attentive. No parking lot though, street parking only. Highly recommend this establishment.I'm always skeptical of a restaurant in the lobby of a hotel, especially a new hotel.  Kimpton however usually does a great job in the overall decor and menu's, and they do fun things that would be too out-of-the-box for the big chains so I thought it was worth checking out.  The hotel lobby and hallways are great, very hip and comfortable.  The Red Owl Tavern, on the corner of the hotel, can be accessed through the hotel lobby or from the street directly.
Chicken pot pie is not your typical "pot pie" but instead is a very creamy chicken stew with a huge filo-dough like light weight (and 4" tall) crust on top.  Amazing interpretation and highly recommended.  The fried zucchini stole the show though and was the tables favorite.  The flat iron steak was average, a little on the tough side.  The broth in the mussels lacked any heat, but the chorizo chunks were way too spicey and strong for the rest of the dish.  The fries as an appetizer were well done with a great dipping sauce.
Overall, the atmosphere is "trendy-rustic".  The service is average, the decor a little bit too much, but the pot-pie and the zucchini make it all worth while.  We'll definatley be coming back to try the rest of the menu.The Red Owl Tavern was located on the first floor of our hotel. My wife wanted a real breakfast, so we decided to give it a shot. Really wish we hadn't!
The experience started off innocently enough. We walked in and nearly all of the 1st floor seating was taken. It was mostly business folks, but there was one other family there. The menu was short, but the options appeared interesting. The waitress was pleasant.
My wife ordered the Red Owl omelet with orange juice and I the sweet potato pancakes with coffee. My son opted for milk and toast. The OJ and coffee arrived. The OJ was very good according to my wife, but the coffee was pretty much institutional coffee. 
When the meals arrived, the size of the entries was good. This pretty much ends the "good" of our visit here. The omelet was according to my wife, tasteless. The sweet potato pancakes on the other hand were not pleasant tasting and very dry. They had some sort of butter on top that tasted good, but there was not nearly enough to cancel out the taste of the pancakes. 
After waiting for some time for our server to reappear, we received the bill....Huh?! About 53 before tax and tip! If the food would have been outstanding, I might have muttered a bit, but would have accepted it. However, for what we were fed, this bill was totally outrageous! Needless to say, this will not be on my itinerary the next time we visit Phillie!We did not have a very good experience for dinner. Several entrees came out under-cooked and we sent one back, but they tasted good. The service was so slow we gave up on dessert. We would choose somewhere else to eat next time.This place is conveniently located just across the street from the Liberty Bell and Independence Hall. I expected it to be a bit more crowded than it was when we arrived, which was a wonderful surprise! My boyfriend and I enjoyed a delicious and large-portioned breakfast here. (Neither one of us could finish our meal!) They were very accommodating and attentive. Parking can be difficult in this part of the city, but I would certainly recommend this restaurant to anyone in the area.Overall @redowltavern is a good place. They do combine some interesting flavors in their menu. Muscles and mushroom appetizers are really tasty. I had their skirt steak as a main, and it was very flavorful and tender. Their yuca fries were really good.I choose to eat dinner here because it was next to my hotel. The two salads were horrible. The music was too loud.Was staying at the Monaco hotel and the amazing smells from Red Owl lured us in.  They had a good drink menu, I was torn between my favorite Left Hand Brewery Milk Stout and Aberlour scotch, but decided on the milk stout.
We all got steak.  2 of is got the hanger steak and one got the ny strip.  All was very good.  The steak was cooked to our specifications (medium rare) and the garlic mashed potatoes with the hanger steak were great. 
We ended up also getting dessert which was ok, but nothin special.  My Apple pie had great crust, but the filling was meh.  
Only other issue was the drunk, possibly homeless guy they had to kick out when he fell asleep on the bench behind us.I stumbled upon this restaurant and hit the jackpot!! Steak with mushrooms and black sauce made me want to lick my plate. Wow. FYI it is a tad dark but I enjoyed the decor and service. Even though I had to my phone to view the menu. This is a must doWe stopped in for breakfast before heading out for sight-seeing. The table was already set with coffee cups and the waitress came over with a coffee pitcher and poured. We assumed it was complimentary/part of the breakfast; it wasn't until we got the check that we found out it was $5.00 per cup. Pretty pricey for a cup of basic coffee. Just wish the waitress had been up front about the charge before pouring our cups, especially since we didn't order the coffee.
I had the french toast with berries and mascarpone cheese with a side of scrambled eggs. The french toast was good, lots of berries, but the eggs were just ok. My husband got eggs, bacon, toast and potatoes, which he enjoyed. 
The total came to around $50.00, which is pretty expensive for an average breakfast (remember $10.00 of that was just for coffee).
We loved the decor though: modern exposed steel beams mixed with colonial style details.Very solid experience.  The staff was friendly, drinks were really good and the food was very good.  I had a Mojito, which was refreshing and best of all, not overly sweet.  I also had one of their takes on an Old Fashioned, they called 'The Spaniard' which included a slice of orange, no muddled fruit and chocolate bitters.  It was an excellent drink - I could definitely taste a hint of cocoa, but again, not overly sweet.  Just perfect!  For dinner, I had the short rib, which was a huge portion and cooked excellent!  My girlfriend had a mojito and a butter steak of some sort which was good as well!  Ambience was right up our alley - kind of a chic industrial, yet rustic theme going.Awesome cocktails. The bartenders are experts here - ask for Kyle or Jon! Such great company and expert mixologists. The beer selection is extensive and impressive. I've been here a few times and have never been dissapointed.As far as brunch goes, this place has some pros and cons. They are great for big groups and have a decent menu, BUT if you're in a big group trying to do the mimosa bar it can be very difficult. They only allow 2 bottles on the table at a time, which is less than favorable if you're in a group of 20 people. This restriction needs to be changed to avoid the multiple empty champagne glasses we had to deal with! But as far as the food, I got the huevos rancheros (yum yum yum), would highly suggest!This place is a classic brunch spot in Olde City.  I love that there is lots of space for large parties and groups.  That's a plus and the food is definitely decent.  With that being sad, Red Owl is nothing extraordinary and there is nothing to write home about EXCEPT the fact that you need to go on El Camino to get to the bathroom.  If I'm being transparent, I'll be honest when I say that when I came here I was very hungover.  We sat upstairs and I needed the bathroom pretty frequently throughout brunch.  I had to walk not only downstairs but through a hotel and another flight of steps to get to the bathroom.  It was crazy.  They need to figure something else out because I know I'm not alone when I say I'm a girl that values convenience over most things and because I was inconvenienced I doubt I will return.  Is that dramatic of me? I don't know, but I said what I said and I stand by it.This place is extremely overpriced for their McDonald's equivalent food. Bad!! Staff was not pleasant. Food took very long too - avoid if you know what's good for you!The service was fantastic. Our server Jordan was very attentive and helpful. He did a great job. The reason I didn't give more stars was for the price and portion. My husband's dish was an amazing black bean burger with fries for $14, while I had a meager harvest salad for $12. It was yummy with blue cheese, pears and pecans, but quite small for $12. I'm well aware of the cost for some of these items but I would have liked to see it either a bit larger or less expensive.We came over from Constitution Hall because of an afternoon shower. The only thing that was prompt was my check. It took 10 minutes or more for water, longer for food and and drinks. We could see our food sitting there waiting for an eternity it felt like ....for the waiter to pick it up.  I was hoping for better because the place looks so nice.Ok. Let me tell you about my lunch in Philly. Hit up the Liberty Bell, etc and walked around for about 10 minutes too long and finally picked Red Owl Tavern. Sat down and thank god for Shane. He recommend our apps -  calamari and deviled eggs - and took such good care of us. Our food was delicious and quick and Shane was super attentive and also just a lovely server to have around. Will sure come back here every time I am in Philly.Go elsewhere for breakfast. Although the wait staff was nice, the food was a waste of $50(!!). The potatoes came out undercooked- which they corrected. Hummus was the most bland I've ever had. Coffee refills are not free! We got topped off and got charged for a full cup! That's BS.Stopped here while visiting the Liberty Bell and Independence hall. Conveniently located close to those.  Great drinks. Didn't try the food, but I had the chamomile cobbler cocktail and it was delicious. Love the decor as well.Saw this place while we were at independence hall and decided to try it out. Middle of the week around 2:30, so table wasn't too hard to find. Food was kind of pricey, but not more than expected from downtown philly ($15ish for entree +fries). I had a cheese steak and my girlfriend had the burger. Both were exceptional, seriously some of the best food I've ever had. The fries were a perfect golden brown and the homemade ketchup was to die for. The burger was on a sweet brioche roll that counterbalanced the savory/salty burger and I cannot overstate how amazing that was. The cheese steak came on french bread and was also very good, with onions and a little bit of hot pepper to give it that extra kick. I would give more stars if I could.
P.S. The bathrooms are a bit of a walk through the attached hotel, but classy as hell. Perfect place to take a dump, I give it 5 out of 7.Visited here for brunch on  Saturday and was definitely impressed! The food was great, the service was spot on, and the build your own bellini bar quickly became my best friend. I will definitely return when I'm in the area!Staff was wonderful when we walked in. Needed reservations for a table at 1:30 when we walked in for a late lunch so chose to sit at the bar instead. Menu was limited, but we all found something to order. When the food came though the eggs were served incorrectly and cold, the toast not toasted enough. The Cesar salad was okay, even if a bit fishy. The burger was pretty good though. Would recommend for drinks, but the food was nothing special for the price point.They claim to sell Kobe beef! No certificate to back up claims made on menu, they sell Wagyu beef not Kobe! If you question staff you will get the deer in the head lights look... I asked and after a few management came over, I schooled them that Wagyu is NOT Kobe! My lunch was on the house which was nice, but it does not make up for the misleading menu....
Had lunch and dinner ... Cheese steak was great, charcuterie  was Not to die for... 
Okay hotel restaurant but very disappointing that upper management feels the need to DECEIVE their clientele. 
Kobe has to have a certificate otherwise it ain't and you are getting Wagyu or God knows what!