I was excited to try a new place. I arrived to wait for an hour with no answers to when a table will be available. After pestering the hostess, she says we will reservations coming in, it will be another 30 minutes or so. So waiting an hour and not being able to get a drink or a table I left. I hope to try this place some day.I enjoyed everything about Relish from Raisin in the Sun to the live band to the karaoke to the Hennessy Sangria to the seafood Mac n' Cheese to the Fried Catfish, greens, and sweet potato mash to the fact that my reservation was honored in spite of being about 30 minutes late in arriving to fellowshipping with the party next to us. 
The only thing I hated was having to leave, but I plan to visit again real soon!I hosted a birthday party for a loved one at Relish this past Saturday night. It was amazing! We had a party of 40+ including attendees from the age of 1 on up to 96. The birthday girl as well as every single guest in attendance had nothing but praise for Relish. The experience was just great from start to finish. I really appreciated the integrity, professionalism and patience that I experienced throughout the entire event. The establishment, event coordinator, Sherri Lee Stevens and all of the staff, food, ambiance, etc was just wonderful. We had a few mishaps come up on our end (overbooking, tardiness, etc); however, the wonderful Relish staff was able to work everything out for us, with a smile! I really can't say enough nice things about the place. If I ever have to host another event in Philadelphia, I'll definitely book Relish again. I highly recommend it.My husband and I came here for the first time on Friday 4/22/16. We had a 630 reservation. After our arrival we had about a 15 min wait before being seated in the bar/club area. We were seated near the kitchen walkway( a high traffic area). I immediately requested from the host to be moved to the table rt next to me but was told it was reserved for 4 people even though a couple had just vacated it. Although a little disappointed about the seating we went ahead and ordered our dinner. My husband had the crab cake meal and i ordered the chicken meal. The portions were good, however the greens and fried chicken needed a little more seasoning. The entertainment with Cedric Napoleon,tanqueray hayward and t webb was awesome. Our server Chai was also very attentive. We were disappointed that within 30 minutes of being seated they sat 2 people at the table next to us which previously they told us it was 4 people. I don't understand why we could not have been sat at that table to begin with. Disappointed that throughout the entire evening we kept getting bumped by waiters/waitresses trying to serve others in this high traffic area. Overall rating lowered due to seating accommodations.Celebrated my birthday at Relish.  The service was awesome from the time we entered the door until we left.  Food was great...Fried Chicken, Crab cakes, Short Ribs, Caribbean Chicken, Mac n Cheese, Collards.  Our waitress Kai (I think that's her name) was very attentive and patient.  The music was great....we had at great night and will definitely go back.Y'all. Overrated is not even THEE word. I don't get the hype. I can't believe that my fellow Yelpers deceived me like this.
We came about 10-15 minutes before our reservation for Sunday brunch and was seated about 5 minutes after. So the wait time wasn't bad. Once we were seated we headed over to the buffet and personally speaking I've seen bigger buffets but at this point, I was trying not judge just yet. Took a stroll around the buffet, they had a bit of a variety of food: waffle, omelette and pasta stations; BBQ and fried chicken; fried fish; shrimp and grits; challah French toast; home fries; curry chicken salad; Caesar salad; fruit salad; small desserts; etc. 
All that I stated above was practically majority of the buffet. I managed to get a pasta and omelette made to my liking with Caesar salad, fruit, turkey bacon, curry chicken salad and fried fish. Y'ALL! The best thing on my plate was that fried fish and that's probably cause I added hot sauce to it. The rest of the food was... meh. I can't believe I was in a soul food place where the food was not seasoned. The only reason why they are getting two stars is one because of the wait time and the other because the waitress was nice. But it even took long for her to come around at times. Also, the drinks weren't bad. It could be good for a happy hour but as a person who goes to many brunches and places to eat in the tristate area, I was disappointed in the quality of the food. The food was overpriced. Those who gave 4 or 5 stars truly hasn't been to a good brunch.This used to be one of my favorite restaurant in the city, however the service and food have gone by the wayside! It's almost as if they don't even care or think that it's alright to serve you food that is not cooked thoroughly. Save your time and Money!!!!!Excellent Food! Excellent Service! I frequent this place. It's my favorite restaurant in the area. Love the cornbread ( I bought 12 pans for my engagement party). The shrimp and grits dish is amazing. 
Entertainment is around $6 a set and can range from eclectic jazz (which I'm not a fan of) to traditional jazz. If your not into the music you can always eat it the main dining room and save your money. 
If you would like to experience an assortment of what Relish has to offer, try their Sunday Brunch. Visit www.relishphiladelphia.comI've been wanting to try this place for awhile. People rave about it. I actually haven't gotten a chance to go to the actual restaurant ... But I decided to try UberEATS and Relish was one of the restaurant choices, so I figured why not? I ordered cast iron fried buttermilk chicken and it came with Mac and cheese and collard greens. The chicken arrived crispy and was pretty tasty (not over seasoned!) the Mac n cheese was good, but the noodles were a bit over cooked. The collards were bland... Def could use some seasoning. Maybe my expectations were too high, the food was good don't get me wrong but I've had better soul food. I will try again, but plan to dine in next time!Wanted to find a good option for Southern cuisine and was referred to this place. Decided to surprise my hubby on his 55th birthday. We came on a Sunday so we had the buffet which included a full salad bar. Favorites would be the biscuits, cheese grits, Mac n cheese sautéed cabbage. Everything was good but those were my standouts. The fried fish was nice as well as fried chicken. The service was excellent, the ambience was very nice and the music was great!!  Would definitely make the drive from Jersey again!!I've been to Relish  dozen times and I will give a quick breakdown before I describe my most recent experience...which was not good
FOOD-4/5- Love the food, the mac in cheese tastes home made, the fried chicken (generous portions, the turkey wings are well seasoned and fall off the bone, the peach cobbler, and red velvet cake have the right amount of sweetness...Cornbread only $3 and one of the best menu items
WAIT- 1/5- horrific even with a reservation and empty seats
STAFF 3/5-  The staff used to be amazing until about the last 6 months.  Yes, they are all easy on the eyes, but are not as hospitable as I remember.  
Most recently, my friend was celebrating her 21st birthday.  There were about 20 of us.  We made a reservation and still had to sit separately.  Even after expressing concern to the managers (a hispanic woman and a fair skinned african american man) they did nothing.  So we sat in three different sections.  The female manager tried to explain that they do not have reservations but "requests". WHat a Mess.  If they don't fix their service we will not be returning.  
Karaoke night was fun...On thursdays they have a 3 course meal for $20 which is amazing!!What is going on here is a tragedy. 
I visited this place last summer for a "happy hour" type of event with half off appetizers. The appetizers  (3) that I ordered all tasted stale, like they were made yesterday and hence the whole "half off" deal. 
I was soo disappointed. My mango mojito (or was it peach) was on point tho.
I vowed not to return because I was just turned off by the food.
So they changed the name and the management and so I figured let's give it another go...uhm, big mistake.
1) I ordered regular margarita...tasted salty. I asked for my nice waiter to add some pineapple or ANYTHING to make it better, he gave me a little cup of the sour mix thing that margaritas are made of...so I just added it to what I was drinking which made it a bit better.
Now it was hot as balls in the place and for some reason or the other my ice was melting really fast in my drink...so I ended up with a warm'ish drink. 
2) I ordered a virgin pina colada next....i can make better with my home blender...but I guess that's not their fault that I'm Queen of Pina Colada making
3) Cornbread....I actually enjoyed this because it was sweet. However, it wasn't baked evenly OR there was something wrong with the way the fat/butter settled in the mix. Some parts looked saturated with fat/butter/sweetness...and other parts were nice and dry like a bread/cake should be dry. Either way I ate it cause it was sweet.
4) The biggest disappointment- MY entree. I went with the short ribs. It was 60-70% fat...the kind of fat that you can see and you just wanna cut off cause it's just all white and soft and ek! 
I was partially grossed out, partially just annoyed at the work I was doing to avoid a mouthful of fat.
My friend had the rack of lamb which I didn't want to order cause I thought THAT would be fatty...BAD decision. The lamb was actually very good (I tasted hers)...so if I have to recommend a dish, I'll say the lamb. 
So at the end of the day...I just don't think this place cuts it. Maybe my taste is just way up there (I really don't think so). I guess if the prices were 80% less I wouldn't be soo disappointed but with the price I'm expected to pay, I really thought the food would be a bit better but it's not. 
I don't know...I wish the place well.Had dinner here tonight, service was horrendous had to flag someone down just to get water no one took our drink order. Had in incident involving manager Darryl Greene which left me and my sister feeling offended, when we spoke to him after our meal he was argumentative and unapologetic. He was extremely unprofessional I have been in customer service for many years and when a customer has a complaint they should be listened to and given an apologyI went to Relish for Brunch on Sunday all you can eat. When I tell you the food is so good I kept going back for more; The Hennessey Sangria that's all I can think about and my friends enjoyed it to. When I get to back to Philly I will definitely be in attendance.I went to Relish for dinner on a Friday night with a party of 9. I was able to make reservations on Open Table and called to make a change with no problem. The restaurant requires a credit card be on file in order to leave the reservation. 
We were served water right away but it took more than 35 minutes for someone to take our food orders. 30 minutes later, the manager I believe came to the table to let us know that there was no more catfish. Several people had mad changes to their order and we waited more than 30 minutes for the food to come out. All but 2 people were served at that time. Those 2 people ordered something others had ordered so I'm not sure why it took them so long to be served.
The food was on point! Someone had an issue with their pasta so the waitress removed it from the bill. Our waitress was apologetic but almost 3 hours later we were just ready to get out of there. At least we were entertained by some good and not so good karaoke.
I will go again because it came highly recommended. Hopefully I'll have a better experience with a smaller party. I wish I could give Relish a higher rating because the food was really good and gets 4 stars but the service and experience didn't cut it.I was at Relish for a family celebraiton on Saturday.  The food and customer service were amazing!  When I'm in Philadelphia again I will definitely drop into Relish.My girlfriends and I visited this restaurant one recent Saturday evening and loved it so much that we returned for brunch the next day.  
I've lived in the area for about 5 years and have dined at this location when it was the Ogontz Grill and Sadiki's and by leaps and bounds Relish has the best food and service I've had at any restaurant at this location and it's in my top of overall restaurants.  The Ogontz Grill was just ok and  the service at Sadiki's was so consistently poor that on one occasion my party waited more than 15 minutes for someone to take our beverage order.  Unbeknownst to us the owner was seated at a nearby table socializing with friends and never noticed we weren't being served.  When another patron brought it to his attention, instead of getting our beverages himself, he went to look for someone else to do it and then returned to his friends, causing yet another wait.  We never returned.  
Relish, however, was everything I expected from the Bynum brothers.   
We were greeted with welcoming faces and had a nice and attentive waitress.  The decor is pretty (love the bamboo bathroom) and the drinks delish.  I ordered the turkey wings and my friends had crabcakes and everyone was very pleased.  For brunch, we all had the chicken & waffles, which we all agree are MUCH better than the ones we've had at Roscoe's in L.A.  I agree with a previous reviewer that the gullah shrimp and grits are awesome! Each time we had enough food to take home leftovers.  The only negatives were the collards and the red velvet cake.  We all agreed that the collards weren't seasoned well and while the red velvet cake was good, I'm from the south and used to eating some of the best red velvet cake known to mankind.  
I love that I can get a great affordable (in my opinion) meal without having to trek down to Center City and pay for parking.  
Relish has a repeat customer in me.Went here on a random Thursday without a reservation. So you already know me and my family were told to wait an hour. BUT... We were told we could get take out at the bar. So we waited for seats to clear at the bar after ordering our take out. Finally sat down and got our food 20 minutes later! Big shoutout to the bartender for holding up down with the drinks and great service.Dined here about a week ago and was sadly disappointed by the quality of food. Prior to this , I hadn't been to Relish in years...but I remember thoroughly enjoying their Sunday brunch. Perhaps dinner is an entirely different story? I can say....the atmosphere and ambiance was lovely. The staff was equally lovely. Perhaps that's their way of compensating for serving subpar 'canned' food? Yes, you read that correctly..the 'cabbage' tasted more like sauerkraut and had a weird vinegar like flavor. It also lacked color..which led me to the conclusion that I was served canned cabbage! Yuck! I also had the fish with crab meat, which was supposed to be served with some sort of sauce. Well..they forgot the sauce...and the bland, baked (frozen..not fresh) was simply served with chucks of crabmeat heaped on top. The red rice..was nothing more than dry boxed rice..that was overcooked and simply sticky. Very disappointing to say the least...and a complete waste of money. The only item I can say was 'good' was the shrimp deviled eggs. The rest of the meal was a bust....Came here for yesterday for  brunch. We were one of the first people there, so the food was fresh. No beverages are included with the buffet, except water. The food was good for the money. Decent selection of choices, with an omelette and waffle station. The grits were the best thing there! Absolutely amazing by itself. The shrimp that was suppsed to go with it was in red sauce, so I avoided them, but even still the grits were great. It did get a little crowded so reservations are probably recommended.Nice atmosphere food was pretty good. That cornbread is a must try, thank me later. Since my last visit, the things I tried today did lack flavor. Presentation of food I must say was great. Good service, seated quickly upon arrival. Shrimp hush puppies look amazing didn't taste good though. 
Mac & Cheese was more cheese than elbow noodles greasy and all cheese. More of an  artery clogging experience as oppose to a guilty pleasure. Fried cabbage didn't have any flavor, everything else was wonderful! Make sure to make reservations but of course, you would know that! Not sure if I will come back for a third visit.Fancy restaurant & very good service but the food was not delicious at all. I feel like the food has been sitting around all day and just warmed up for our service.Only heard about Relish recently becuse I am on the e-mail list of a jazz saxophonist who was appearing there.  So my wife and I went for dinner and to catch the early music set.  Aside from the great music and opportunity to interact with the musicians, we found the service and food to be outstanding.  This is a wonderful place, not a dive jazz bar.Really nice establishment. I wasn't expecting this at all. Felt like a mix of Warmdaddy's and a lounge. We went for Sunday Brunch. A bit pricey but great selection of food; delicious; and nice drinks. My friend had a martini she was impressed with and I really liked my strawberry lemonade. 
I would definitely want to check out their supper buffet. 
Tip: Sunday best attire. A step or two above casual.I just had dinner at this gem with my husband and it has become our new favorite place. We are foodies so we decided to take the drive down and it was so worth it,everything was delicious and the staff was so friendly. We will definitely be back!!!This was a great place to enjoy brunch..I have a friend who says.."it's not brunch unless it's bottomless!" .. and their bottomless flavored mimosas were right on point. Great way to enjoy a meal with friends.The food was pretty good the service was great I thought like the Drinks was a little bit more expensive because they had a live band but we was not  even in the same room to enjoy their music but Friday nights is karaoke and that was funI'll try not to be to lengthy but I think Relish actually deserves 3.5. We had a dinner for my Grandmother's birthday here last Saturday night. The whole reservation process was a little frustrating (I could write a paper on this alone) Once we arrived for dinner there still seem to be a bit of unpreparedness but it finally worked out. The food was fantastic I had the mango salmon and the bread and banana pudding which were both sooo yummy. Atmosphere was great, live band was good also. I would probably return but only on a weekday. Relish has great food with better organization/customer service it would be a five star restaurant.Horrible service by the store manger DARRYL GREEN. I spoke to Darryl about an issue that happened where he insulted and offended me. When I tired to speak with him about the issues and why I felt that way. He only said he was doing his job. He never apologized and he was very argumentative.Great place very classy and hosts are very professional. The food is good and the place is versitile. You can come on a date or with family and have a good time especially with the live band.Small parking lot! So get there early. Let me first say my portions were generous! Rib meat was cooked nice and dark on the outside but juicy and tender! Very good. I also liked the garlicky string beans! My $10 ciroc punch could have had more alcohol but it was good. But my FAVORITE was tha MAC n CHEESE! DELICIOUS and I will be going back! Karaoke made it that more fun. Atmosphere very nice!I visited Relish last night. I heard good things about it and skimmed a few great reviews. I will not be going back there to spend any money. It was freezing so bad that when people got up from the table next to us, I noticed that their body heat was aiding in the little warmth I had. The salad, the hot and sweet wings, and the collard greens were very basic and bland. The sweet potato mash was okay and fried chicken was mediocre. The salmon wasn't much to rave about either. Oh but the mac and cheese and the corn bread were on point!!! I wish I would've just had those 2 things. Also, the waiter (with the little nappy bush kind of) kept bumping into my chair without saying excuse me or anything. Maybe they should consider a table or two less or get servers who have manners and are more polite. Our server, although sweet, was not attentive at all. There was always a long wait for everything...drinks, apps, entrees. She was real quick to give us that check though.No complaints here. The service is great. They are ultra professional. Food is fresh and plenty. Great live music. Beautiful atmosphere. Gets no better than this.Mediocre...we arrived at 3:35 and had to wait to be seated until 4 which was not a problem, however when it came to seat us the couple came that cane in after as was seated first, and we were told that if we are seated at 4 that they would need the table back by 6.  The weirdest statement I have ever heard from a restaurant.
I had to have my water replaced twice, and the food was not that great.  All in all, waste of time and way too overpriced for the service and food.This review is based on my experience at their Sunday Brunch.  This is a very quaint spot that you definitely need to make a reservation for.  I didn't have a reservation and when I called was told that they would not be able to seat me.  I took my chances since it was still pretty early and went...to my surprise they were able to accommodate my party of 2 with about a 10 min wait time.  While the host/hostess were very nice and accommodating they seemed to be stretched a bit thin.  We were seated and immediately we were told we could help ourselves to the buffet area and a server would be by for drink orders.  The buffet area was orderly, the food was fresh and very good.  There was a large variety to choose from and replacement food was brought pretty consistently if something was getting low.  My only issue I encountered that day was with the service.  It appeared as though there was an adequate amount of servers, however, my waiter while pleasant was very absent.  He wasn't very attentive at all and when I asked for the check there seemed to be an issue with their system so he proceeded to add my order up in his head and offer me a hand written receipt.  This to me sounded very fishy as I had no idea what the prices were since we were there for the brunch.  I said I'm not comfortable with that and waited a while longer until the system had been restored.  He then brings me printed check that's about 20.00 more than what he originally told me.  He knew there was no way that would fly and just opted to adjust the check to the original amount he spewed out from his mental calculation.  I did leave 15% gratuity even though I didn't think the service warranted it.  There was no live music going on yet, if so that might have raised the rating another star.  So my overall opinion of this spot is that I will visit again based on the food but they need to revamp the service aspect because it was close to terrible.Went for Sunday brunch , I was able to get a last minute reservation which was great. The line for food was longer than I prefer . It took 25-30 minutes to get food . Once we ate, I realized It was worth the wait !Let's me start by saying the food is awesome and so is the service.I had the relish chopped salad and it was amazing also everything on the menu looked good..the prices were reasonable as well.I will be visiting this restaurant more oftenMy wife and I went last night, and I must say we were both impressed. Our food was amazing, service was great and the atmosphere was wonderful. My wife had her doubts before going but she thoroughly enjoyed herself.Good variety of food for Sunday brunch, have options for breakfast or lunch. The service was very professional, so good to see and support a successful black-owned restaurant. Great atmosphere for after church gathering, family outing or date location. Will definitely come and visit again.Visited Philly and came here for Sunday dinner with a group of friends.  We were seated in the extension part of the restaurant - the setup was ok, felt like I was sitting in a banquet hall but they made it look as "elegant" as they could.  Food & drinks were good. Caution: they do not split checks so best to bring cash; gratuity automatically added for a table of 5 or more.Stopped in last Friday night since I haven't been here in a while. This used to be my weekend getaway and I was quite the regular, so I felt like home.  I really love the friendly, family, atmosphere of this restaurant.  I'm sure they have a lot of regulars because people really just love the food and the specials are affordable.  On Friday nights they have live music.  Tonight is the G2 band.  Einstein pasta was surprisingly very flavorful. It came in a broth and then it had spinach sun-dried tomatoes garlic seasoning. I think they should cut the pasta by 50%. Way too much pasta and not enough spinach sun-dried tomatoes which really does make the dish flavorful.  The current menu comes with penne pasta but it used to come with fettuccine or maybe it was linguine - either way the long noodles made it a nicer dish better than Penne. Oh! It does come with grated cheese on top and I keep forgetting to ask them NO cheese.  I think they should put the cheese on the side to make it a true vegetarian dish.Went here this past weekend for brunch.  The restaurant contacted me beforehand to confirm and was told that the total for the brunch would be $32 per person (INCLUDING gratuity).  Arrived and had no problem being seated; the hostess was pleasant.  The food was ok.  Had the jerk chicken (which was the best) fried chicken, fish, waffles, omelet, banana pudding, bacon, sausage, cabbage and a mimosa.. I wanted to try different things to be able to give an unbiased review. The bacon and sausage was COLD.  The chicken was warm.  The mimosa was weak.  Now comes the time for the check .. it was almost 60 bucks more than what it should be.   Asked the waitress to verify what each person was charged and she said it was $37 per person (with gratuity).  At this point I was irritated and I guess I should have verified the price AGAIN before we sat down to eat.  Bottom line, it was a cool spot, atmosphere was nice and the food is ok, but for almost $40 per person (NOT INCLUDING DRINKS) I will not return. 
p.s.  if you receive a confirmation call .. get the name of the person you speak with informing you of the price to avoid paying more after you eat ....Friday Night Karaoke is the BEST! My friends and I decided to take part in the Whitney Houston karaoke tribute night at Relish and I am in love with this place. This was my first visit and I will definitely frequent this fine establishment more often. The decor, setup, staff, food, and drinks (strong, not watered down)  are far better than Warmdaddys (sister company) anyday of the week. This place is PURE CLASS. Can't wait to try their Sunday Brunch...PS Shakira was AMAZING! Will definitely see her perform again!Great food and service. 
But the telephone customer service was horrible when I called in to make reservations to come back again.
If you make reservations walk in to make them, Do Not call.Can't really tell u how good the food is...im sitting here now...its 8:50, I've been here since 7:00 and I still don't have any food. This is beyond slow and it's really not that busy. No line for waiting so I don't know what is taking so long. I'm so hungry and so frusterated!!!
Finally got my food. Decent for the most part but they must have ran out of shrimp and tries to t.v. us some frozen bagged shrimp for $22. UNBELIEVABLE!! They did admit it but I can't believe they tried to pass off store bought frozen shrimp for a real meal???Service is crazy. Too 20 minutes to get a spoon for the grits. Fish needed more seasoning.This place was definitely what it was talked up to be. The decorations and ambience was elegant, a nice calm environment. The food was pretty good, a very wide variety of food to choose from. I went for Sunday dinner, next time I would want to go for brunch.Nice location, but thats it. Went there on a Sunday before 6pm and was forced to choose from the limited buffet.. Not to mention at $25 per person not to include tax, tip, or drinks (which was yelled at me before seating). The buffet consisted of fried fish, drum sticks, jerked chicken, and a few sides. There was a pasta bar that no one seemed interested in, and a desert bar. Bottom like I ended up rushing home to use the bathroom after wasting money and time at this place.FUCKIN' FINALLY--as Southerner who recent moved up this way, I finally found a spot that even comes close to the food we have back home. Thank god, I was starting to go insane from the lack of seasoned food around these parts...
Anyway, I highly recommend the cornbread here and the Sunday buffet was super cute. Based on the size of the main dining area and the buffet + the amount of customers coming in, I could see the potential for the waitstaff to get kind of bogged down, but they were very personable and professional during our visit. Quick, too. Would like to go back again on a weekday to check out the regular menu.Valentine's Day evening ...excellent food and superb service. The server and manager were so observant and attentive to our needs more so than we were lol . Everything was simply ExcellentVery good food service was a little slow. But drinks and food were amazing. Love the jazz nice atmosphere  reasonable prices!Cornbread is like dessert--you must order it. I can highly recommend the catfish too, I've been twice and both times the food and the service were impeccable. Soul food with sophistication.It has become way too crowded for Sunday brunch, my boyfriend and I rarely sat down to eat together because either I am standing line and he is eating or vice versa,  they ran out of plates and we had to wait for clean plates at one point. The line was to the door waiting for the buffet about an hour after we got there. The opening is blocked from the back area and the kitchen which causes you to say excuse me 10x to the people in line for the omelets/waffles and the line for the buffet. Brunch was over $100.00 because we had four mimosas, but the crowd and the noise level and not being able to eat together at the same time is an issue, we really enjoy the food there,but for the crowd and price we may have to search for another spotWe went to Relish yesterday to try what all the hype was about but I wasn't that impressed. The atmosphere was nice with the live jazz playing but the food wasn't as great as I thought it would be. Fried chicken was mediocre. The chicken corn chowder came out cold and had a sour taste to it. The lamb chop as pretty good but not the greatest. Me and my GF would probably went to ms tootsie instead. Overall was good but not worth the drive.Food is great. Service is very slow. Had reservations and was seated for 15 minutes without getting my order taken. Decided to move to the bar expecting faster service. There's a packed house with ONE bartender and it took almost 15 minutes to get order taken here. Love the restaurant but they should be more adequately staffed for the amount of people in the restaurantLet me start off by saying the food was excellent Without question.   I had the ribs and it was clearly slowly braised to perfection with a sauce that just matches perfectly.  The cornbread is a must have. Let me repeat.....DO NOT LEAVE WITHOUT EATING THE CORNBREAD!!!!!!!!  I had to give them three stars (because they don't allow for three and a half), because although we were seated immediately as a party of ten, my son and another one of our parties weren't served for about five or eight minutes after we were served. My ribs were warm and not hot which means it was sitting for a while before it got to me. The personnel were excellent and very accommodating.  I would definitely go back againWow I don't get why people like this place so much.  I have heard from numerous people how good the brunch supposedly was but it was just ok.  The brunch is a buffet which I have no problem with.  It's just all the food tasted...cheap.  I tried a little bit of a lot of things.  French toast, biscuit, turkey bacon, salmon fried rice, fried chicken, omelette.  The only thing I thought was good was the French toast and it's not like it was amazing.  The chicken was fine but tasted like grocery store fried chicken.  The omelette was bad.  The shrimp in the shrimp and grits tasted like frozen cheap shrimp.  It also was not cheap.  $70 for a table for two after tip.  We certainly walked away full but I can't say we enjoyed our meal.  Pretty disappointing.
I am still giving three stars because the service was great and all the employees were very friendly.I had brunch here today (Sunday) and may I just say...omg. The brunch buffet is everything. There's breakfast food (omelette bar, waffle/pancake bar, french toast, amazingly well-seasoned home fries) and lunch (amazing fried chicken and collared greens!) and dessert! (BREAD PUDDING...i am not big on it, but this one was so good!) 
the coffee is spot on and the drinks are well made and strong. 
i had a great experience and will come back again for brunch for sure.We went for lunch without realizing it was buffet style.   Food selection was the bare minimal.  If it wasn't for the friendly chef at the hot station, I would give this place one star.   Our bill for 3 people was $100 - definitely not worth it at all.  We were highly disappointed, and will not be returning.I've been to Relish a few times and the food is what you'd expect from a soul food restaurant (no complaints but nothing to rave about). Each time I've gone, I was part of a fairly large group and would say while the service is reasonable there is always a fairly long wait time for everything. Perhaps having more than one server for large parties with reservations would help with this and make a more enjoyable experience for guests. I'm sure I'll go back again because a close relative likes to host celebrations there but I do hope that it doesn't take over an hour to get food the next time I go.I visited Relish for the Sunday brunch buffet recently. The food was good... I especially enjoyed the shrimp and grits. Unfortunately, I wasn't able to try everything as it was so crowded. The crowds also extended the wait time in the buffet lines which made the food get a little cold by the time you got the your table. Ultimately, I would like to go back during a less busy time to try more of the menu. Definitely worth checking out!This place is so good. One of the best soul food spots in Philly. I have never sat in, I always choose to get takeout since it's pretty close to where I live and it always tastes just as good at home. The braised turkey wings are awesome (and I think I've managed to duplicate them at home), as well as the fried chicken, mac & cheese, collard greens and corn bread. Tastes just like home. If I didn't enjoy my own Thanksgiving meal so much, I would consider purchasing off their Thanksgiving To Go menu.Went here to celebrate a friends birthday and boy was the food good!!!  I remember this placing having several names in the past but never went in.  The service was excellent and they had a live band playing which made the atmosphere feel like it should have been a weekend event, even though it was a Thursday evening.  Their cornbread was delicious!! nothing like your typical cornbread especially since we had to share, so good I wanted my own.  I would definetly go again!!!My family came here for my mother's 50th bday a week ago. Overall it was a great experience. The deviled egg appetizer was tasty and the cornbread was a little sweet but good. Now the fried chicken dinner was EVERYTHING. It was seasoned well, crispy fried on the outside, and juicy on the inside. The mac and cheese side dish was equally good! The only thing I didnt care for were the collard greens. They were cut too big and had stems. Otherwise we enjoyed everything. Its a spacious place, with great decor, and very friendly staff. My family loved it and we will definitely returnThis was my first time at this OARC publicly funded restaurant whose back story may raise some eyebrows. 
Relish was recommended by my sister who was also my brunching companion. We arrived without a reservation which is required for Sunday Brunch but we were early enough and a small enough party to still get our name in the book. We arrived for the 1:30 seating, which is the last of two seatings for brunch. We were seated at the bar around 2:00 pm. All told our wait time was 45 min. We were comfortable so I didn't mind but would do myself a favor and call ahead next time.
I enjoyed sitting at the bar rather than a table because we were in the room with the buffet. The other diners came in through an adjoining dining room. We had the advantage of being able to moniter the lines and the turnover of popular items. 
There were waffle, omelette and pasta stations where your choice of ingredients was rather impressive and cooked to order. The chaballah French toast was delicious, the jerk chicken (thighs & drums only) was moist and spicy though I've had hotter, and the shrimp & grits were amazing. I actually managed to wolf down two bowls of it. There were also some salads, fruit and deserts.
I also had the home fries with peppers and onions. I didn't care for the way the potatoes were cut and felt they needed more seasoning. I also wanted the peppers and onions to be more done and not have that crunch. I also missed regular pork bacon and sausage. I don't know why you would not offer your paying customer a choice but they only served turkey bacon and sausage and neither of them looked appealing to me. I deducted a star for that fact alone. And lastly I felt the menu was more LINNER than BRUNCH. There was fried chicken and catfish, jerk chicken, cabbage, greens and rice but a pancake, crepe, smoked salmon and simple scrambled eggs were no where to be found.
But this IS southern fare and it's done mostly very well in a jazz infused ambiance that is typical of a Bynum Brothers establishment. I do recommend.By far the best Salmon I've ever had. The service was Great. My server was very attentive and came back to check on us throughout our dinner . The atmosphere is perfect for a date night or bday dinner with some friends .I had dinner with my honey on June 2, 2011.  We had a WONDERFUL time.  Our host was very attentive and made some nice drink suggestions for us.  When we received a wobbly (not sure if thats a word) table, without us even asking, he fixed it for us when he noticed it and was also gracious enough to take an appetizer off our bill for the trouble.  I wish I could mention him by name.  Anywho, the food was GREAT, hot and fresh.  The seafood 4 mac and cheese is to die for.  Our entrees were delicious as well.  The live entertainment was the icing on the cake.  It didnt hurt that they had the playoffs on TV for honey to watch either! haha  We will be returning and suggesting to others.My family and I had Brunch here after the weather ruined my birthday plans Saturday night. I called to increase my reservations to a larger party and they nicely accommodated us. I was also allowed to bring my birthday cake. This made my life stress free. The waiter and hostess was great. We enjoyed the buffet selection. The food was great. I will returnAs it relates to Kemi's review I  must say it's not a fair comparison, Sadiki's and Relish being there is an entirely different wait staff, (my guess and think my taste buds agree) cooks, management as mentioned already as well as a different partnership. The Bynum Bro's were not part owner of Sadiki's are of Relish so think this restaurant should get a clean slate in the review dept......and not PR btw:) But don't drink so can't vouch for that area but food wise and service (even with what I'm going to mention below) much improved.
But with that said I do need to deduct a star:) Went back last month to check out Jeff Bradshaw and the host was real smug. I believe he heard the disdain in my friend's voice and kept trying to account for it but didn't do a very good job. After telling us we'd have about a 20 minute wait to get to a seat in the stage area due to a wedding party and just business of the restaurant as a whole that night, we were "promptly" seated in the former patio area although we stressed we were there specifically to check out Bradshaw's set and didn't have an issue with waiting for seating.  
A few of us were hungry so opted to stay anyway and take the seats offered could still hear him play. I stuck with my usual the shrimp and grits which were good as usual, my friend got the mussels, another the Caesar with crab meat and last in the party a burger. We barely saw our waiter that night either and when the host came over to ask how thing were going , we told him we barely saw our waiter that night and he proceeded to let us know he's one of the best waiters on staff.....not the response when dealing with displeased customers. 
Everyone enjoyed the food but was a bit disappointed by service and hope it was just a bad night Yet after having two good experiences before this I'll stick with them and consider making a reservation next time as well as speaking directly to management when it comes to service issues.I have been here on several occasions. I have enjoyed it each time. The fried chicken, Mac n cheese, collard greens are. Great. The deviled egg appetizer are delicious. I'm not crazy about the cornbread. Doesn't equal my momma's. The drinks are good. Not watered down. Go and enjoy the live music.Just had dinner with our super neighbor friends. Jazz quartet was awesome. Enhanced the total atmosphere . Food and drink was GreatThe food is still good - when you finally get it.
I ordered takeout on a Friday night, recently. Their site says 30 minutes until it's ready, for pick up. OK. When I arrived it took an additional, 45 minutes for the food to come out; during that time, I was able to see the clientele has changed significantly. What used to be a diverse and upscale group has turned to what looks like mid-level dealers accompanied by "wish" they were video vixens (I know that was harsh but...it's what I saw).
My food finally arrived and, I was given several comp cards for drinks and hors d'oeuvres for het ridiculous wait. I'm never going back. There was a lot of apologizing. That's swell but I'm never going back. All that I just mentioned, solely, is reason enough but here's what's solidified my decision.
When the food arrived, I paid and left. More than half way home I realized an item was missing. Yup! I called, told them of the omission and was given a hard time about it. I know...I couldn't believe it either. I asked ardently that the item be ready when I got back there (it was a dessert). I had to wait another 10 minutes and was given more comp cards. I'm NEVER going back.
When we got home and opened our platters, the food was pretty good but...hold on! One of the sides in a platter was missing.
I'M NEVER GOING BACK.The food is great with reasonable prices. The drinks are delicious. The service is poor. The wait staff is overwhelmed and we had to wait over an hour for food.This place was very good if you like soul food and live music. The prices were not bad averaging $15-20 for dinner. We had a party of 7 all male cousins (for perspective) they would have gotten 5 stars but they took a while getting our drinks to the table and one of our severs was a little snippy he was a male helping bring out our plates and when your spending $300 plus..... You expect more. But overall I really like it and definitely would go back!I luv Relish to pieces. I've been going to their Sunday brunch for almost a year now. I average about once a month. The food is always great. So is the crazy juice. I deducted a star because their service isn't as good as it used to be. I've been for dinner twice. It was very good.I am writing this while I sit in the restaurant waiting for our bill to be recalculated. The food was horrible.  I sent the seafood mac n cheese back, the bacon wrapped scallops were bland and the bacon was cheap, another party sent those back. Our party sent back 2 appetizers and 3 entrees.  The service was also horrible,  the waitress was nice but she was serving the entire room. It took us an hour just to pay THE . NEVER GOING BACK.Always a pleasure to dine at Relish, food, music, drinks,& atmosphere are a plus. Get that cornbread in a pan it's to die for.I love it here.  I had the macaroni and cheese and chicken and it was amazing, our waitress was very sweet as well. I even loved the live music which I am usually not a fan of At All.  I can't remember what drink I had but it was also delicious, I don't have any complaints. I'm also thinking about having my Bday dinner here.Relish Restaurant.....It's a soul food restaurant that I visited last month when I was on leave in Philly.  Located in West Oak Lane area, right near my grandmother's house.  When you first walk in, it has a relaxing atmosphere.  Look to your right, there is live jazz band playing and if you look to your far right you can see two flat screen tv's with the football games playing so you can keep score.  The waiters are very friendly and polite.  I ordered the crab cake, with cornbread and Yams.  This is a really nice, upscale restaurant that's great to bring your family but I wouldn't recommend really small children because of the jazzy atmosphere.  Great restaurant I will definitely eat here again with my family.I decided to leave a review for Relish because I saw so many low star reviews and was astonished. I LOVED Relish on my first visit and everyone I've ever mentioned it to loved it as well. I've never tasted anything bad from the kitchen.  It bland, unseasoned, etc. and I'm a picky soul food water because I can definitely make it myself. The atmosphere was warm and inviting even though it was later in the evening. They remained open past closing to ensure we could eat and relax and did not complain once. No one cleaned around us or made us uncomfortable. The chef came and personally asked if there was any complaints and I throughly enjoyed that birthday.Good dinner.  Good staff.  Great Sunday brunch!  This place is mainstay in Philly.  A must check out if you like soul food, Sunday brunch and live music.  
This is always packed, so make a reservation if you want to get a table.  Especially on primetime Friday and Saturday nights.
Will be back!great cuisine,great service ,great music, great menu, and awesome fun enjoyed my times spent there & will continue to. .....
please tryI don't know if it was the day we went or what? I was so disappointed. I went for the Sunday brunch and I was completely disappointed. I think the best thing going for Relish is the staff. Everyone working for the restaurant seemed to be very friendly and helpful. 
What is it that I would recommend. First of all, please reconsider the layout for the buffet. For the amount of people your getting, it's entirely to small to accommodate the crowd. The 2nd thing I would work on is the promptness of the staff. It should not take 15 minute for a customer to get a drink. The third thing I would work on is the cleanliness of the place. I'm not saying the place is dirty. I'm saying more effort can go into making sure the place has clean appearance both inside and out.Had a great meal & heard some awesome jazz at Relish last night. There was sadly a medical incident with a patron at the start of our dinner   The staff at Relish was stellar and even performed CPR until the EMTs arrived. They were awesome & unbelievably apologetic & generous after the incident ended. 
We will definitely return for a hopefully more subdued experience. Thank you again
to the wonderful staff!Made a stop here with friends jazz bar and restaurant. Good entertainment. My friends all ordered the short ribs to discover they were out I had the fried chicken expensive but good the restaurant comped us a free round of drinks  . For not having what we wanted. My friends ordered the catfish topped with crab meat ---good---- also the duck--- good as well the served cornbread as a appetizer hot and sweet like cake. I would go back  again. Go relish. GoPopped in here for a spell while waiting for traffic to clear before heading back home to Bethlehem. I didn't know reservations needed to be made, but the man who seated me was very accommodating and found me a spot at the bar. 
The bartenders are cool, I chatted with them a bit about my business and where I'm from. They're all very friendly!
I only got an appetizer because I was short on time, but it was still very good. It was the Seafood Mac N Cheese. Very fresh. Even the Cranberry juice was amazing! Great find! I'll be back.Absolutely loved the atmosphere. Live music is always good. Tonight was BYOB which is always good. Now the food...not sure I'd come back here. I ordered the snapper. I've never had to use a knife to cut fish. It was very dry and tough. The sides were ok. I sent the fish back and ordered fried chicken. The chicken tasted as if had been fried earlier and they dropped it back in the oil to make it hot. Not a good experience.I was very disappointed with the experience. The waitress appeared very unprofessional. You could see her white bra through her all black attire. We made a reservation for a party of 30, and had to wait almost 30 minutes to be seated because the prior party was still seated. The ambiance is definitely not what we expected for the occasion. Very disappointed.The braised turkey wings are a foretaste of glory divine. The mini skillets of cornbread - the stuff dreams are made of. Deviated from my beloved turkey wings only once, and my crabcakes arrived cold in the middle. They rectified with a brand new plate and complimentary soup, and all was forgiven.The food is always great...the service not son much. We order them through Uber eats twice and they messed up the order both times. On the last time we ordered, my wife specifically left instructions in our order. They even called us to verify that said order. After all of that they still delivered the wrong order! Relish had to send one of their own to my house with the right order. Poor. I love the food but service isn't always the greatest.I love the cornbread first of all. The short ribs left me speachless and the Apple stuffing pleased my palate..The service varies at times. The frmal dinning room is beautiful and I enjoy Relish everytime I go. Very nice. This is definately a restaurant that I frequent. There are 3 choice dinning areas #1 Formal dinning room.. #2 The bar side where the jazz band plays which may get noisey and #3 Is sort of an indoor patio area and is the most quiet area. Reservations should be made.....Enjoy!My boyfriend and I went to Relish for Sunday brunch. I cannot express how pleased I was with EVERYTHING! Walking through the door I was greeted by a very pleasant hostess who was all smiles and very professional. We decided to sit at the bar. The bartender greeted us immediately and was very courteous to us the whole time. The mimosas we ordered were fantastic! I would recommend the fruit punch mimosa...mmmmm. For brunch, Relish offers an all you can eat buffet for around $23. For that brunch, I would have paid double! The options they offered were so vast, it was ridiculous! They had everything from an omelet and waffle making station, a great range of breads (biscuits, muffins, rolls), all turkey breakfast meats, sauteed shrimp, jerk chicken, bourbon salmon, crab salad, seafood salad, peel and eat shrimp, rice, cabbage, and this list only skims the surface! For dessert they had chocolate cake, fruit salad, banana pudding, and my favorite, red velvet cupcakes. YUM! This was the best brunch I've ever had and I can't wait to return...We took my mother there for her 84th birthday...I am sorry was not impressed with the food.  Got there at a little after 4 pm which is the 2nd seating.  They only had buffet which wasn't bad but they only had two meats fried legs and jerk chicken wing ding( which they ran out of jerk) and had to wait for a while and they had fried fish so if you were expecting any other meats wasn't happen.  The spinach for the salad was old, they ran out sweet potatoe pie, had to ask for manager before they would bring out more ice cream.  The white and yellow rice was either under cook or over cook.  The staff have nothing bad  to say about them would give them five starsThis is without a doubt one of my wife's and my mutually agreed upon favorite restaurants in Philly. The elegantly prepared soul food is fantastic and comes in large portions. Which may or may not be so fantastic for your health/diet, but if it's that you're worried about, they do actually provide several lighter, heart-healthy options that certainly sound great, even if I haven't had them.
Usually, we have gone on Sundays, when the Supper Buffet is served, and every time we have to laugh at how dizzy we get over all the appetizing options. At a reasonable price of $25, essentially all of their normal menu items are available in abundance for you to walk right up and have as much as you want. There is even a dessert bar, which, when we were there last, offers different kinds of cupcakes, waffles and ice cream, or even simple candy bars if you just want something small to end the night with.
Last night, we were there for the first time for just the regular dinner, and it was just as worth it. As an appetizer we had the skillet cornbread and honey hot sauce jumbo wings. The cornbread was homemade (sometimes not a sure thing in other soul food restaurants we've been to) and with a buttery, sugary crust on top; very good. And while I don't typically like buffalo wings at all, I can say that these were the best I've ever had, with a sweet, crispy flavor that was more complex than just the typical vinegar and pepper sauce. For dinner, I had the buttermilk fried chicken, which came with the mac and cheese and collard greens--all delicious and in portions ample enough to take home. My wife had the leg of lamb and enjoyed that very much.
On Fridays (when we went, but maybe on other nights, too??) they have guest musical performers, who add wonderfully to the ambience and confident, relaxed tone of the night out that Relish provides. Last night, they had a female singer with a backup band who gave stunning renditions of "(You Make Me Feel Like) A Natural Woman," "Killing Me Softly," "Doctor Feelgood," etc. Know, however, that if you come on these nights a $3 "entertainment fee" per person is added to your bill, which is a little gauche in my opinion, but in practice ends up being worth it. Very elegant atmosphere throughout the restaurant, very pleasant service, always a great evening out.wow .. a center city style restaurant in wol. there are lots of items on the menu but i live the southern style items. in addition to good for there is a good bar and outdoor dining. some nights feature karaoke and live music. food and drink prices are on par with applebees but relish is way better for a birthday or special occasion due to the live entertainment.Great service,good food,nice ambiance can't wait to go there again...fish was great,chicken nice and juicy,and gain the service was on piontNow some of my family members are only used to meals at the chain restaurants (Chili's, Fridays, Olive Garden etc.) Now when we go to these places I never here a complaint out of their mouths. This time, going to Relish was another thing.
One cousin ordered chicken wings...okay but why order chicken wings when you can have salmon or steak....She complained and poured a bottle of hot sauce on them...ugh!
Then another cousin ordered a chicken dish (can't remember what) and said it was disgusting. (I've had what she had and It was really good) 
We had shrimp and grits and I loved them, so did most of the other party guest.....
Some people just aren't classy enough to enjoy an upscale soul food dish. 
When the bill came, they complained that we couldn't get separate checks...It was 15 of us! ugh
All this to say, I will just go with my sophisticated friends from now on. 
I just might go tonight!.I was very impressed when I dined at Relish.  I have gone on two separate occasions and each time I was provided with impeccable service.  
FOOD
The food was absolutely delish.  The first time I went, I had the macaroni and cheese  (4 cheese macaroni and cheese- side item) and the iceberg salad (this one I wasn't all that impressed with).  The second time I went, I had the cajun shrimp pasta dish.  I absolutely loved it! The shrimp were HUGE! The dish itself was very tasty and ample portioned. I was full and had a decent size to take home. No complaints there.
AMBIANCE & ENTERTAINMENT
I loved it.  It screamed sophistication, mature crowd, very classy. The decor was absolutely beautiful. I was quite impressed with the entertainment.  The woman sang her *ss off.
LOCALE
Initially the locale/position of the establishment can be a bit off putting,but once you get inside one can't help but to be genuinely impressed.
SERVICE
My server was attentive.  There were some moments in the beginning he wasn't ALL there (he seemed a bit distracted by other things and came off as a bit frazzled), but he eventually got it together and through the course of the meal was very attentive. So he won me over.
Overall: I would definitely frequent this establishment. Everything was on point for me. I have already recommended this place to a few people and they love it just as much if not more than I do.  Next, I plan on trying out their brunch.My boyfriend and I celebrated my birthday here. The service was wonderful. It's upscale atmosphere and laid back vibe compliment the FANTASTIC food. I had leg of lamb with cabbage and roasted potatoes  and he had catfish with sweet potato mash and collard greens. The greens were the best we've ever had. Highly recommended!Went for brunch with some friends. The selection was amazing and the taste was even better. Very rare is it that you find a brunch buffet that has such a wide variety of food that is all ridiculously good. None of us had any complaints about the plethora of food we stacked on our plates. I highly recommend Relish and plan to come back again.Phone was ringing off the hook. Food took forever to get ready. Didn't check the bag which I should have I ordered the honey hot wings and they just gave me hot wings. They weren't memorable.The truth! The waitress was wonderful. The food was sooooooooo good. So much so we asked to speak to the manager (for a good reason). The skillet cornbread  The food was well seasoned and absolutely delicious. Run to this place if you are looking for good soul food. It will not disappoint.Glad Relish is walking distance from my home. The food is good and the ambiance is nice. Drinks are good with a nice happy hour. They have parking but it fills up quick but there is plenty of street parking. The cornbread is so good.Good but A little expensive ..... Not good for groups they try to overcharge and add on charges.I have been here numerous times for dinner, this is my favorite soul food restaurant! I grew up in this neighborhood.  It feels good to see a nice restaurant in the area that allows those in the area to experience fine dinning.  Growing up in the West Oak Lane section of Philadelphia, restaurants like this didn't exist, it is glad to see it now.  Although I no longer live in the area I never miss an opportunity to dine here.
My favorite is their cornbread, I eat some while I am there and take some home - it my dessert!  I never had anything here I didn't like.  They offer the treat yourself southern meals that are not so calorie friendly like fried chicken, fried catfish, mac & cheese, etc...but they also offer more healthier options such as salon.  You can't go wrong with anything you get here.I've been to Relish several times. But the one day I decide to take my mother they weren't at their best. The buffet was practically empty and people were waiting a long time for food. There was no one at the pasta station. The fried fish was cooked way too long. The sauce that the shrimps were in was sweet and overpowered the taste of the shrimp. At least 4 of the serving stations were empty. And this was at 11am! The only saving grace was the staff. They were very pleasant as usual and very accommodating. I may go again. Hoping this was a rare thing.The food is amazing and WELL proportioned for the price, the karaoke and entertainment is very nice and overall nice atmosphere ! I will definitely be coming back on a regular basis!!I went up to Philadelphia this weekend to visit a girlfriend. We really wanted to have a good brunch. We came upon the reviews for this place and tried it out. 
It was a noon on Saturday, and we were immediately escorted to the bar. There was a lot of selection from biscuits, cornbread, french toast, tilapia, fried chicken, seafood salad waffle/omelette station to name a few. It was so much selection and was all good! What made this experience even better was our server. Her name was Stephanie. Service was excellent, super knowledgeable about the restaurant and the area, and pleasant conversation. 
If you want great food with excellent service... GO HERE!Visiting from NYC. I called to see if  we needed to make reservations and was told no by a young lady. Asked her what time was the live band playing, she stated 8 pm & 9:30pm. We arrived at 9pm and was greeted  by two well dressed friendly gentlemen. They told us that there was no space near the live band. Asked what time the band played and hey replied 9:30p and 11pm. One f the men stated that he would add us to the waiting list and when something was available he would place us there. He asked if we wanted to wait or enjoy dinner in the dining area and then be moved when space is available. We decided to eat first. A few minutes after we ordered they moved us.
Food was EXCELLENT.  The drinks were nice. The greeter was WONDERFUL. Our server Bryan was AWESOME. Music was wonderful...the singer had a great voice.
I recommend and will definitely return when visiting Philly again.First, no one came to our table. They just sat us down. We had to assume that we got up and served ourselves. Second, had to alert the greeter that we wanted drinks and still no one came to our table. Third, the menu for the buffet was misleading. Half the items on their menu wasn't being served. Would never come back. I doubt they care. It seems like once they have their money it doesn't matter.absolutely  love this place!!!! the meal, ambiance, and service was fantastic!!!!!! will definitely be back.I am a native Philadelphian but now call Houston home.  I heard so many good things about this restaurant so I decided to go while on a weekend trip to Philly.  Although we made reservations we had to wait for at leaset 15 minutes before being seated.  We were seated in the performance room.  It was a bit crowded but I was still happy.  The disappointment arrived when the food came.  The portion size is very small...my bf ordered catfish and received exactly one piece of catfish...I ordered the deviled eggs which were very bland....Our waiter seemed very flustered and out of his elements.  When the checked arrived we asked that it be split...We had a party of five and needed three separate checks.  This seemed to confuse him.  He asked us to recite back to him what each person had...I have been to several upper end restaurants and have never had an issue with splitting the check.  Since this seemed to be a very complicated thing for him to do we told him we would pay one check.  We then noticed that we were being charged for items we did not order.  We asked him to fix the bill.  It took 30 minutes but finally with the assistance of the manager the bill was corrected.
Only highlight was the music.
I would recommend this place as a place to go to listen to music and have a drink.  You can get better quality food and service at other restaurants.Tonight was my first time at Relish. I ordered turkey wings, collard greens and mac n cheese. I received two large turkey wings, ONE scoop of Mac n cheese and a good amount of collard greens that had a funny taste to them. I sent the collard greens back and I got mashed sweet potatoes and they were really good. I ordered seafood mac n cheese to go since I had one turkey wing left and because I didn't have enough regular Mac n cheese to save. I got home and I opened my container and it look like on scoop and a half of seafood mac for $13.50. Really?! They don't have to worry about me coming back..smdhVentured out to try their brunch. Everything was very good. The shrimp and grits was different but definitely a must try. Fried fish was good also. We tried to sample everything but missed a couple things. I wasn't impressed with the dessert though. We will be going back.In Philadelphia for the weekend and got a taste for some soul food (for takeout). One of my girl friends recommended this place to me and said to not look anywhere else. When I arrived I saw a group who appeared to be happily and satisfactorily leaving out of Relish. As I approached the door, I stopped to check out the menu on the door. A guy came up to me and asked me if it were my first time here and pleasantly proceeded to tell me what were some of the better dishes he has tried here. This small talk led me to finding out he was the manager (Darryl). His genuine interest and assistance was very welcoming. When I went inside much of the staff who passed by me on my way to the bar greeted me. At the bar people were so friendly and engaging that i can say it actually was a lil shocking. I even chatted with members of the live band (Richard Tucker & The Universal Concept). All of this and not even to the food yet.......
Review to be continued.....I have been to Relish a few times and I always enjoy the food, service and atmosphere. Recently I celebrated a friend's birthday (a group) and we sat for over 2 hours eating and talking. They had to  throw us out (in the nicest way possible). :) You can't go wrong eating there.My sister and I saw many folks walking out from brunch. So since we were a party of two that we can be accommodated for brunch. Upon arrival, the venue looked empty, it wasn't half full. When we arrived, I greeted the hostess and advised that we are without a reservation and I would to dine. She advised very harshly that she has large parties coming in at 1:30pm and unable to accommodate me. I advised her for a party of two? She advised that she has another party of two waiting 40 minutes. My first question is why are you unable to accommodate two people for 40 minutes with all of those empty tables. They were no sections set up for large parties. We arrived 12:40pm, how much brunch time would we need not to affect your other reservations? In addition, why didn't she give us the option to wait if we were willing. I honestly won't recommend anyone there. It's embarrassing of the idea with great food that someone could be greeted with such brashness. Relish needs to do better.Brunch is great on the weekends! (SAT & SUN) I suggest going on Saturday, less people coming from church! The buffet has a great mixture of breakfast, lunch, starters and desserts! Everything is fresh and the staff is attentive! 
FYI: If you get one of their 'coupon' cards from inside the restaurant, brunch on Saturdays is 20% off! I believe this is an ongoing thing!The music, the food and the atmosphere was absolutely AMAZING. I had the mango glazed salmon which was delicious.Relish / Relish now I was here with a group of 40 to 50th people for a private birthday dinner and it looked like they were under staffed because the sodas didn't come out until 80% of the guest were finish there food ...
Far as the food the food was great .. but the service is just as important as the food  so if I was the owners I would really think of ways to motivate my employees to want to provide great service .. 
#GoodA group of friends & I came here for lunch on a Sunday. The wait was not long, we were seated within 5 min. I knew we were in for treat because immediately we could smell good food. The cornbread was amazing, our table ordered two rounds! I enjoyed the flatbread, catfish, crab cakes, mussels, all prepared & seasoned well. My only negative was that we waited an hour before our food came out, while other tables seated after us came & left. The manager was very attentive & addressed the issue for us. Overall the staff were very nice, thank you Daniele. Really like the decor and the live jazz band, very upscale.It's decent. If you want good food and good service, the best time to go is in the middle of the week when they're not busy. Friday to Sunday, they are extremely busy and space is very tight. They don't handle the weekend rush well. The food doesn't taste as good on the weekends, tastes rushed and underseasoned. Alot of their staff is fake nice with fake smiles and slightly passive-aggressive. If you're more interested in the music, then do the weekends but make a reservation or you will be waiting an hour to sit.the food was great, service was good also.  drinks were strong and that's always a good thing.  only bad thing is, the air wasn't on and the tables in the jazz area were to close together.Outstanding, fun, food is delicious, servers and management ensured all went well.  Busy, live music, vibrant bar scene...but all handled very professionally.My family went to Relish on Saturday October 14th for my Birthday.  My children had made reservations and we were looking forward to the experience. We waited over two hours and never received our food ! The service was awful! We had to ask for drinks, then she only took 2 orders at a time(table of 10). 45 minutes after we placed our orders they came and told us they did not have the appetizers that we ordered (Mussels and fried shrimp), this was in addition to not receiving our entree's.  First and Last Time!  NEVER AGAIN!!!!Overall Relish is a good restaurant. They lack in the service department. I had a 20 people reservation with one server who was not only just serving my table, but also serving 3 other large tables as well. I don't blame the lack of attention from her, I blame management for not making sure they were staff properly, so each table can get the attention they need. Our waiter was overwhelmed but did her best. She was very polite when we ask for things, but she just could not handle my table along with the other three tables that she had, unfortunately. Service counts for more than half of the experience, so if the service is not on point it brings an A+ to a C-. We ordered our drinks at 9:30 didn't get them to almost 10:30. The food did come out pretty quickly which was great. The food was good the drinks were good. The Ambiance was good and the karaoke was fun. Would I do another large party there again? I don't know! I recommend when you have a party that is 12 people or more maybe 15 people are more you should definitely have two servers or one strong server and not give them multiple large parties. This was definitely a  mis-management situation.I was in town for business and happened to stumble upon this restaurant. To be honest, I was a little skeptical because of the location in a rather busy side of town.
The customer service was outstanding and all staff that we encountered was very welcoming.
Now about the food! The best part of the night because EVERYTHING we ordered was DELICIOUS!
We devoured the red snapper entree and the fried catfish and the sides consisted of: sweet potato mash, fried cabbage, greens  and of course the cornbread was a hit.
I will definitely be back and I highly recommend "relish" to all. KDBWent for brunch on a Sunday.made a reservation and was seated quickly. Very wide variety of food.everything tasted wonderful.brunch is over at 3 so make sure you reserve early to give yourself enough time.waitress started clearing out the dining area at 3pm to get ready for the evening reservations. Will return !!Great music and good food. I had the wings as an app which were very good. The carribean chicken was pretty good, but wanted more flavor. I usually get the turkey wings which are excellent. -Zenia McPherson performed and she was good; she seemed to sing less than other performers-her band played a lot on thier own.Water downed drinks, slow service and mediocre food. I know it was a busy but it's gotta be better than this. I would not recommend this place.NOPE! NEVER AGAIN!  I really don't like writing bad reviews but it's not my fault. The only reason they get 2 stars from me is for the waitress. If you decide to dine at Relish be prepared for MASS miscommunication about something, for your food to be at least/minimum 1hr. late, and for them to run out of something you ordered. On top of this, they issue no apologies, make you pay full price anyway, and expect you to understand their dilemma. Diners.....you must realize that Relish and WarmDaddy's is under the same ownership/management umbrella so if you had a wack time at one you bet it's gonna be similar at the other. What bewilders me is that both venues over book their venues due to fear of not making money (which is understandable as a business) but then they are NEVER prepared for the big crowd; not enough cooks, not enough servers, seated late, and show starts late. This is not the first time I've experience this with Relish/WarmDaddy's which has brought me to finally write this review. Good luck future diners because I am done and I hope SOMEBODY in upper management gets it together because maybe not know but in the near future another venue is gonna be prepared to challenge everything they are bad at doing and win-over their customers--then no more Relish/Warm Daddy's.Excellent food, vibe, music and staff.. Brunch is great...only small complaint is I wish their happy hour was better...but overall great spot and mature crowd!!!The Sunday Buffet is my favorite! I usually do takeout and eat at home. It's a smorgasbord of food--meats, salads, fruit, vegetables, starches, breads, etc. There's also a dessert table with a hossst of sweets (pies, cakes, cookies, cupcakes, waffles and ice cream sundae...). The setting is intimate and everything is organized and displayed nicely. The food is very tasty and the take out trays are large to have more than enough to eat. What I like about buffets is that it gives you the liberty to plate your own food and try different things; it doesn't restrict you to one particular entree. I'm so so glad to have a soul food (aka southern food) buffet so close to me--it's a rare gem. I don't know of any other buffets in PHL that specifically and intentionally serves soul food. If you do, please message me asap. Furthermore, the excellent and professional customer service at Relish just puts the cherry on top! While Relish isn't perfect (especially on very busy days), you still can almost always rely on great food!The food here is delicious. We came for dinner on a crowded night and I had the turkey wings which were so good. The service was quick and courteous.Came to this place after briefly looking at the yelp reviews and it's less than a mile from me. We go on a Thursday night and they had a live singer and musicians, a pleasant surprise. Thursdays they have a 3 course special for $19.95. We started off with the cornbread which was amazing! Just the right amount of sweetness and still moist. I picked the corn chowder as my 1st course, it was soooooooo good! Got the fried chicken as the entree. It came with collard greens and mac&cheese. The plate was huge I could barely eat 2 pieces of chicken. 3rd course I picked the lemon pound cake. I left with so much good to go. I'm definitely coming back to this place!I visited for the brunch buffet, and despite it's sinful qualities, I WILL be back soon. It's definitely not something to indulge in every weekend, but on a special occasion it's nice. The food is delicious and fresh, and everyone is very friendly. It can get kinda crowded, or at least there was an event going on today, but even still, it was lots of fun, and not overwhelming.
Our server was a bit off, but she was also very friendly and accommodating.
overall great experienceLove it! The food is good. The staff for the most part are engaging and polite. Reservations are highly recommended. I usually sit in the jazz room at the bar. The live entertainment ( Thursday thru Saturday) is what really draws me to Relish. 
The weekend brunch  (Saturday & Sunday) is to die for. One of the best in the city od Brotherly Love.I'm enjoying a nice quiet intimate dinner with my husband.
I'm loving the jazz music that's playing not to mentioned the delicious food..Outstanding! I've been to Relish several times and never leave disappointed. I went recently for brunch and was overjoyed at the selection. Customer service is great and it doesn't hurt that the ambiance is nice. Don't let the outside fool you, it feels like an oasis. 
I've been for dinner as well and loved everything I ate. 
This is a different take on your traditional 'soul food' and they do it well, with consistency.Highly disappointed with my first and will be only experience at Relish. From the start unwelcoming greetings from the greeter and especially hostesses which continued for the duration of the dining experience. We had drove an hour to celebrate my Father's 83rd birthday. 2. We were asked if we had a preference for seating we said we did not. However, we were seated in the smaller dining area sandwiched between two large parties who both occupied the remaining room.  3. Our server advised us that she was leaving and introduced us to who would be our new server. However, she left to service one of the parties. We would have been fine with her just divulging truthfully why she was no longer going to be our server. 4. We asked if we could be moved to another area of the restaurant as we felt uncomfortable wedged between 2 parties who were becoming understandably louder. When we approached the hostess podium with our request we were initially just given annoyed stares. We were never given an answer. The hostesses just started debating amongst themselves where they would put us. At this point we just walked away. The greeter eventually came over to move us. We were moved to the band area. For approximately 3-5 minutes the hostesses and greeter stood just a few feet from us and whispered and stared at us. At this point I was at the verge of walking out, however we had drove over an hour to celebrate my Father's 83rd birthday. Eventually, the greeter came over to explain where we were now seated was the band area and there would be a cover charge if we chose to stay in this area. Needless to stay, we agreed to move. 5. Our server never came to check on us throughout our meal. Another server began to clear our table. 6. My Father's  birthday was never acknowledged as I was told would be at a minimum by the server. 7.The manager asked the table behind us how their experience was but never asked us-I would think he would be curious why we were no longer sitting where we initially was seated as I had made eye contact with him several times.Over price for the qualiry of food serverd.  The earliest you can arrive is 1:30 the food is taken away at 3 and you must exit the premises by 4 at a high rate of 30.00 per person.  The food did not look appetizing therefore i didn't eat and the others i was with did taste the brunch items but it certainly was not worth the price.  The atmosphere  is rushed and they hoover over you which is quite uncomfortable.  Needless to say the 6 of us will not be returning.  In addition, i was charged the 30 dollars and i didn't eat a thing not so much as a taste anything off anyone's plate  and like i said they watch your every move so he certainly saw that i didn't eat...of course i had the bill adjusted...Ordered the seafood Mac and cheese and it was terrible contained 90% salad and 10% Mac and cheese NO seafood at all. It looked as if the person who cooked it ate all but a small corner. Never again will I waste my money here.The food, ambiance, and staff were great! The food is delicious. I love there macaroni and cheese. I also love the sauce used for the caribbean chicken. The is a little gem in the heart of West Oak Lane. This place is always packed!Went to dinner the Saturday before Mothers Day, didn't like the hostesses attitudes, especially with no confirmation of reservation, and the seating arrangements after I told them I needed a high chair. Food is good but nothing to write home about. Going to try the brunch for Fathers Day. Hopefully, the attitudes and the experience improve.
Went to dinner and the hostesses were not that accomodating for seating arrangements i preset with them when making the reservation a month in advance. The food is ok..nothing to write home  Going to try again for the brunch..hope the hostesses and the experience improve.Always a fabulous  experience at Relish, Food great ambiance and entertainment. Staff pleasant and accommodating  always a good time!Without a reservation, you may expect to wait an hour.  It was difficult to understand the check in process. I found it challenging to know where I was in line. There were two different waiting areas which made it hard to know who was next. There didn't seem to be a clear process of checking off names.  Making this process more transparent to the customer may help. 
This was my first visit and I was not impressed.   I am a fan of the owners other restaurants so I held them to a higher standard. I'll stick with the restaurant downtown.This place is by far the worst. We had a party of 14, we did not see our server for 25 mins. They also decided to split our table of 14 up into two tables. It took 1hr just to get a drink menu. The food menu is pretty limited to seafood, catfish and chicken. The Food was ok.  According to everyone else they were not happy as some people food were cold. We wasn't expecting the best but somethings we should not compromise on. The drinks was ok. You can avoid this place, especially if you have a seafood allergy.Where do I begin. Firstly I would like to start by saying that I am an African American woman who always go out of the way to patronize black owned businesses. I've eaten at this restaurant maybe twice in the past and the food was pretty good. Recently I decided to do a take out order on grub hub. I get to the restaurant and wait a little longer than my estimated time to go in and get my food. I enter the restaurant and walk up to the host and she never even pick up her head to great me. This young lady was so engaged in her conversation with this man who also was employed there. She was more so interested in talking to him then assisting a paying customer. At this point my patience has gone out the window because I don't tolerate rude especially when I'm paying my money. So I then interrupt the conversation and ask for my order. She is just confused as she wants to be she say oh I'll go check the kitchen for you. She come back and say give it like 15/20 more minutes. At this point I'm hot because it's been over an hour since I placed my food. So I go outside and wait for about 25 minutes go back in and it's a new girl standing in the front so I ask about the order and she tells me oh u gotta go to the bar. I go over to the bar with a ATTITUDE but that quickly changed because the bartender was so nice and pleasant and honestly they need to take some tips from her. Fast forward I get home open my food up portions are small I mean two bites and your finished and I did not enjoy the cornbread stuffing it was undercooked. After spending almost 30 bucks on one platter and it not being up to standard I will never return to this restaurant again and I will make sure to spread the word to friends and family. Do better relish. Don't be the stereotypical disorganized black owned businesses with lack of customer service skills. Right your wrongs !!!Relish is in the heart of the hood, and I did not have a time when I was here the place was very crowded and we were seated late for our reservation because the other party was still eating, when we were Seated the waitress was very nasty had a very bad attitude then when the manager comes over I think his name was bobby he was very rude as well and had a nasty attitudes is an poor excuse for a manager and he had bald spots in his head with also was unacceptable for a manager to have. I will never come back to this place t eat.Went here on Sunday for brunch. It was 8 of of us. We where seated in a trimly manner. The waitress came and told us about the drinks they had, I got a Sprite which was flat. When we went to get food form the buffet almost everything was was warm or cold. Nothing had a lid on it, the string beans were very salty and cold. The fried chicken was really good and the pasta station was good also. I don't think I would be going back.5 star food and drinks with 2 star service 
I've eaten at Relish a few times, the decor is lovely and food is always spot on but the service is a massive disappointment. We usually end up flagging down another waiter to ask them to get our waiter for everything from condiments to water refills... Dont know if they are understaffed or what because the place has always been packed on the nights I've gone. I'll be returning (the food really is that good, esp. the turkey wings, crab cakes and seafood mac&cheese) but I'll most likely choose a weekday and hopefully get better serviceRelish is a great soul food restaurant!
I've eaten at Relish on numerous occasions as it's conveniently located in West Oak Lane with ample parking.  The most amazing thing is the weekend brunch which includes a buffet - the food selection is just endless.  You should definitely make reservations as it gets very crowded on weekends, but the hostesses will go out of their way to squeeze you in somewhere.
The staff always go out of their way to recommend a new drink/dish to try if you're not doing the buffet dining.  The cornbread is especially good! 
The place is beautifully decorated with TVs available in the dining area and of course in the bar.
Would highly recommend!Went here on a Friday night, energy was great, especially with the live bands Wednesday-Saturday. Food and service was so great came back the next Friday, and it was like I never left! One of the most underrated restaurants in Philadelphia!Came here for my birthday brunch with my husband, who suprisingly made the reservation. There were so many items to choose from such as breakfast and lunch/dinner items. Made to order waffles and an omlette station, home fries, salads, fried chicken, etc. The only thing I didn't care for was the seating arrangement. We were so close to another couple, we heard all of their business and decided to keep our conversation casual because of this.the food is delicious and appropriately priced. i've been for dinner and brunch and am very impressed.  the only issue we had was during brunch on a particularly crowded sunday.  apparently a large party was eating and all of the 1:30 reservations were seated about 20 min late.  nothing wrong w/ this, but no one was informed that there would be a wait until several people complained.  it was a little disorganized, they email you a confirmation of your reservation. and then for some reason call ahead of time too.  i received my call, confirmed the amount in my party, but when we arrived (1/2 hr after i received the call) the number in my party was incorrect.  all of this is minor b/c it didn't affect our meal, it was just weird that with all of the follow up, the info was still wrong.  other than that, I LOVE THIS PLACE! i doubt i'll go for brunch that often only b/c i ate way too much (its unlimited) but plan on going during the week when it hopefully is not as crowded. btw i did give the rest manager feedback which they welcome (or at least he said he did)  the waitstaff was attentive and very helpful.I go here every year to celebrate my birthday and the staff is so friendly! I love the decor. I have been there for dinner, breakfast and the buffet. I love the buffet because you get the best of both worlds!
They are constantly updating their food. They have a pasta station that is fairly new. It is a great addition to the already tasty selections that are available.I went out to RELISH this evening to celebrate a close friend's birthday and received HAIR in my mashed potatoes. My other friend ordered and received NOTHING after ordering. I am truly appalled!!! My compensation was 35% and my other friend got NOTHING!!!! Management was not sympathetic. Very unhappy!okay so my husband and i was looking for soulfood in philly so relish came up in a google search . it had some good reviews so we said we would give it a try. the site asked if we wanted to make a reservation so why not ,made the reservation for 2@ 8 p.m  we get there and we are about an hour and 15 minutes away. first off if a couple comes in wanting to have dinner why put us near a large party that's celebrating a 18 year old birthday when we are well in our 40s????? second when i told the host that it was our first time there it was not a good idea to only give us a drink menu because it was a buffet out. if i'm dressed very well i don't want a buffet that was not being refilled for 25.00 per person . the food that was out was average. no one refill anything i guess after 8 . i understood that they close at 9 ,but damn if the mac &cheese is damn near gone why did they not tell us whatever was out was all they were going to put out ! the fish was ok the jerk chicken not my opinion of jerk ,shrimp and grits no shrimp ,mac and cheese not the best i've had ,green beans could be cooked more to me we should have been told that they would be cleaning the buffet line up at 8:45 if we got there at 8 !!! a waste of gas for driving there,a waste of money for food that we barely ate !!!!!!i dont know where these people have been eating at to say this food was the best ,i beg to differ!!!! maybe if we could have ordered off the menu the experience would have been better!!I took my cousin here for her birthday and although I've lived in the area most of my life I've never tried their food. but let me tell you... Their food is phenomenal. the seafood mac and cheese made my soul happy my cousin had their salmon and it was so delicious. there was a bit of a wait I'm not sure if it was because it was Saturday and crowded but it was well worth it while we waited there was a live in so either way we had a good time I will definitely be back!  oh and you must try the corn bread it's awesomeOverall its a nice restaurant with a nice soulful ambience...BUT the food was flavorless and bland!! It was sort of busy when I went so i expected a little wait but 30 minutes to bring the appetizer which was the Carribean Chicken Flatbread and cornbread which I must say was very good..after that i waited an extra 40 minutes before I recieved my entree. I ordered the Red Snapper with Crabmeat ?? Sauce and not only was it flavorless and dry but they put COLD lump crab meat on top of the fish along with bland cabbage and overcooked rice!!! For the most part it was an ok experience but I don't think I'll ever come back or recommend it!!!I came in town for a friends birthday gathering and found this spot on my YELP App and decided to give it a try. It was the best choice I made that night!! We walked in and they had live poetry goin on with a full band on stage. It later transitioned to Jazz Music. I was in pure heaven. The food was amazing and very memorable. I will definitely plan something there in the near future.Love this place. Great food. Live music! Every Thursday-Saturday! Get to know the staff and you'll have a more personable experience.  Parking can be challenging when there are large parties...try the crabcakes, rib eye, salmon, catfish... All the entrees are delicious...highly highly recommend.  Music starts at 8pm...The Sunday brunch is awesome. They have everything from an omelet station to a pasta creation station. The fried fish is delicious. FYI they don't serve alcohol until 11am. Reservations are a must!Best fried chicken, Mac and cheese, and cornbread we have ever had! We also ordered the honey BBQ chicken that was good also but the fried chicken was sooo good. We only heard about this place from uber eats and I'm so glad we found it! We will be ordering again!This restaurant is a MUST! The ambiance,  the service, the drinks, and of course, the food are ALL better than amazing!!  amazeballs! The cornbread is a must!! Oh so delicious!!   I live in NJ and have no problems traveling for amazing eats! I've driven here just because and ALWAYS leave saying the drive was worth it.Let me first start off by saying that the service is amazing! From Darryl the manager, to Andrew one of the servers and Aaron one of line cooks. They make you feel right at home and always treat my son and I like family when we come there! The food is good but the service definitely makes me come back! I appreciate the hospitality while dining with Relish.Our waiter here was wonderful! I really felt he went the extra mile and was so courteous. We tipped well! The food is great. The portions are huge! The corn bread is basically cake,  and is so addictive.
I can only mention a few cons.  Due to the close proximity to the performers, my friends and I had to  yell in order to talk to one another. It also was difficult just to tell the waiter our order due to the tight spacing of the tables. I'm shocked he could hear what we wanted. I would say otherwise everything was great.Dine here for dinner and you won't be disappointed! My husband and I love us some soul food and at Relish, we pretty much had to be rolled out of the restaurant after our meal. Not only was it delicious, but we actually needed doggy bags (yes, more than one). And trust me, we never need to box our food to go. 
Aside from the gigantic portions, the service is on-point - friendly and attentive. If you're in the mood for some good eats and are willing to stop counting calories for a meal, then Relish is your place. Oh and get the fried chicken. Because you haven't lived until you've had it.The name says it all. Great meal pairing---a bit on the pricey end. Everything is good from the mac and cheese to the cornbread. I love the catfish!!I went to Relish to celebrate a friend's Birthday. I have driven past this place several times, and used to live in the area. I always said to myself "I'm going to go in there one day", but alas, I never made it until recently. 
When I first arrived, I was impressed by the decor, the place was clean, nicely decorated and there was a packed house on a Thursday night. The hostess was polite and sat me promptly at the table they set aside for our party of at least 15. 
Unfortunately, many in our party were a bit late and the wait staff were extremely patient, and didn't appear to be flustered when ppl kept arriving at different times and they had to keep putting in new orders every 7 minutes or so. The lead waiter really impressed me when a member of our group mentioned needing glasses to read the menu, the waiter produces a pair of readily available reading glasses from his apron. 
The live music was awesome, and the singer even sang Happy Birthday to my friend and invited her and her sisters up on stage to sing back up with her. 
I ordered the Braised Turkey wings, which came with the collard greens and the apple stuffing. The food was delicious and the portions were great. Many in our group got the Beef short ribs and raved about them, and the fried chicken came with 4 BIG HUGE pieces of chicken in addition to 2 sides. 
Now onto my complaints (relax there aren't many). My chief complaint is that I had to flag someone down to get another beverage. I ordered a diet Pepsi but then after i was done... i sat there for a good 30 minutes, and NO ONE asked if i needed another beverage. However, we were a very large group, the place was packed, so I'm sure it was an oversight. My diet Pepsi drought was not reason enough to complain I guess. 
The other thing is there were several live flies in the room. I'm not sure if it was because we were seated next to the kitchen or what, but I am a person who cannot really enjoy their meal if there are flies buzzing around. One more than one occasion i had to "shoo" a fly away, which was a bit annoying. In their defense (the flies, ha ha) they never landed on any of my food, but flies and dining don't really mix. 
Lastly, and call me a snob. I wonder if they have a dress code policy. I saw at least three people come in wearing shorts. Now i understand its summer, but come on. Are we past the day and age where ppl know how to dress for an evening dinner meal? I mean Relish is not a "chain" family joint. It's not Denny's or somewhere you pop in on your way to or from the beach. Super short denim shorts and a baby-girl tee are not dinner wear. But alas, I guess its 2011. 
All in all, i had a good dining experience and will definitely be coming back. They have a Sunday brunch, I'm dying to take my mother to.We made reservations and was immediately seated upon arrival. The tables are really close together. You can't help but to hop in your neighbor's conversation lol. However, Second time here for brunch and just as delicious as the first!! I think it's such a cute place and I really love the buffet set up and food options.I am not very picky...I usually just want to feel like I got my money's worth and I did so at Relish.
PROS:
Even though we did not have a reservation...we only have to wait about 15 minutes to be seated.
Excellent service...our waitress Margo (girl!!! I remember your name-lol) was funny, bubbly, and very much cared to make sure that we were well taken care of. I will seek her out next time we visit.
The food has to be hands down some of the best tasting food I ever had (and thats saying a lot as I have ate food all across the country, but when I got the first bite of their cornbread I know I must have looked like I ain't never ate good food before-my eyes opened so wide and the jaw just dropped).
Then came the appetizers...my husband had the Mac and cheese and I had the chicken corn chowder...omg..they were to die for!!!
Well seasoned ooey gooey mac and cheese with hints of seafood. The chicken corn chowder was to die for too, creamy, well seasoned delicate...we thought we had gone to food heaven.
By the time our entress arrived we were basically full. My husband had the Red Snapper, collards and Curry rice..he loved it all.
I had the Leg of lamb, roasted potatoes and cabbage..they were all to die for.
I must emphasize that the blend and balance of spices, herbs and seasoning in their food is excellent.
The atmosphere was nice and homey.
We ordered a pitcher of henny sangria and boy was it yummy...got a nice buzz, they were not stingy with the henny.
CONS:
Our food was delayed a bit...people that had ordered after we did got their food faster than we did. But it was all good..we were patient and our waitress was very reassuring and caring.
They were so awesome that they made it right by taking the appetizers off our bill!!! AWESOME
The decor could use a little help...I like homey...but it was a bit like walking into an old style church...I would love to see a pop of color here and there.
The table for two was a little small..especially with all the plates we were raking up while we were pigging out.
But honestly...with food as good as they had...I would overlook a whole lot. But like I said...they made things right and show care and concern. I felt like they appreciated my business.I've heard so much about this place I wanted to try it. We went to Relish(for the first time) for Dinner to celebrate my daughters accomplishments in school. When we got there the parking lot was full to capacity on a Thursday night.The outside of the establishment was bleek, but when we got inside the ambiance was inviting. There were parties going on the jazz was flowing and the servers were busy. Once we were seated which wasnt long, our waiter came over and put in our order for appetizers. The Seafood MacnCheese was to die for, along with the Honey-buttered Cornbread in the skillet. So after an hour of waiting for my Dinner the waiter comes and tells me they don't have the Shortrib that I ordered, so I ordered the Fried Chicken Platter with greens and macncheese. Our food finally arrived after an hour and forty-five minute wait. I was really ready to leave but didnt want to spoil the occasion for my daughter. The Chicken was so bland and had no seasoning,The Collards were tough, and the macncheese was ok. I was disappointed in my food entree and the long wait which I think was contributed to there computer system crashing, which is why I gave a three star rating. I will go back again to try there other selections because all in all we did have a good time.I have been to Relish quite a few times. But when I visited yesterday with a friend. We did not have a good experience. The food was cold and I thought the brunch selection was poor for the price. For $26.99 I don't understand why they only had drumsticks fried and BBQ? The desserts were horrible . One of the desserts were a soft pretzels. I was totally unimpressed and I won't be going back. With tax and tip I paid $35 and I was still hungry. The service was good but was it.Went here with some friends on a Friday while they did karaoke in one of the rooms. We all enjoyed our appetizers. I had the hot honey wings, and they were delicious. Another friend had the muscles and another had a salad. When we got our entrees it was a different story. I had salmon and I went against my better judgement and got it anyway, and it was still dry and tastelessness. I love salmon but rarely order it unless I'm at a steakhouse or seafood and grill place. Well Relish disappointed me and I could've made it way better myself. I ordered the apple stuffing but it tasted like corn bread with corn in it, no apples. That too could've been made better. My mom and aunt made apple stuffing before and it was delicious. The Mac and cheese was just noodles and cheese, translation, it was dry. For it to be three cheeses in there I was hoping it would have been creamy. The final nail in the coffin was the collard greens. Another friend had ordered them and said they tasted funny but when we tasted them I knew why. They were the CANNED Glory Greens! This place only gets one star because we liked our appetizers but entrees were whack! How are y'all, Relish, calling yourselves a soul food restaurant but cutting so many corners and then up charging so much. Seriously y'all used canned glory greens! I'm never eating there again because everything I had that night I  can make better.Attended a sorority brunch there on Sunday 10/9/10!  The brunch BUFFET was awesome. I had a great veggie omelet, curry chix salad, shrimp & grits, and potatoes and onions! Our server was great and very attentive!  Please visit this place if you want great service and food!This is my favorite soul food restaurant and I've only been there once!!  I have the turkey wings with cabbage. Both were excellent. The cornbread is wonderful. To top off the wonderful meal there was a live singer.  Her voice was beautiful. I was transfixed. I'll definitely be back!!The restaurant was filled with great food and wonderful people. Wine was good.I enjoyed the food. The Salmon fried rice was good and the bbq chicken was amazing...I had some shrimp and grits and they were decent...the cabbage ehhhhh ...the fish ehhhh....the waitress made me 2 mimosas which were pretty good. My bf said the roast beef was amazing but I didn't eat it. I would com back because the customer service was amazing and that's a big deal for me!Took my sister for Mothers Day. The food was great, but the lines were really long( it's buffet style). Everything was fresh and our waitress was very friendly kinda slow with drink refills but very friendly. Great place I would go again but it wouldn't be on a holiday.Had the fried catfish w/ smoked turkey collards, mashed potatoes while the Mrs had fried chicken w/ smoked collards and mac & cheese. Not a huge collard fan but some people I was with said they were a little over cooked but still good. I thought the seafood mac and cheese was phenomenal and the grilled diver scallops were also really good. Stayed after a bit in the lounge and listened to the jazz band playing. They do have a $3 charge per person per set (of band) that will be added to your bill so they can keep quality bands coming. Laid back and really nice sounds. Had a really good time and would definitely go again.Maybe we should go back to try the buffet but... As it stands it's not convenient so probably not! My bf brought me here as a recommendation from a co-worker... His Mom and Step Dad came into town so I told him to make reservations. I will break this all the way down. We picked the jazz dining room. I'll start with the positives!
Entertainment: if I could give it 10 I would!
The jazz singer that was there was absolutely amazing. Her voice, her performance, her personality! Everything about her commanded attention! Queue my instant girl crush! She was beautiful inside and out! If she walked to the table to steal my bf, I would have let her lol! Her name was Krissy Mence I think... I'm horrible with names!!! I know it started with Krissy!!!
Service: 0 
I was seated first bc he had to run to the car. We had a table for four. I say there 10 mins no one spoke. He came in another 10 mins passed we. Discussed leaving. The only reason we stayed was due to our out of town guests. 10 mins and finally our server Brie decided to Grace us with her presence. She stopped by to say I will be right with you. I have worked in numerous restaurants. Even if the entire party isn't there at least stop by the table to get a drink order. We are sitting in a bar area. She came back after 5 mins introduced herself and took a drink order. Waited some more and finally saved her down so we could put in appetizers.. Still no drinks... Not even water. Finally drinks came and the rest of our party. 
Food: 1 
One thing about soul food restaurants they are either really good or bad... No in between ! For Appetizers we ordered cornbread and jumbo honey hot sauce wings... There is nothing jumbo about them... They can just call them wings... And there isn't any honey. So they were just plain buffalo wings! JD McGillicudy's in Manyunk does it better! Don't spend money on the name! You will be disappointed! The cornbread??? Jiffy with a twist. So my family is from the south of you present me cornbread in a cast iron skillet I'm looking for that crunch! There wasn't one! After reading reviews I'm not sure how this is the standout here! And had I read reviews before I went I would have expected the meal to go downhill from here! I ordered turkey wings with mac n cheese and collards. Sent back my collards. How can a soul food place fuck up collards? 2 things you must do well if you are going to consider yourself a soul food restaurant collards and cornbread!!! The collards weren't done! Meaning they weren't tender. I can forgive that if the flavor profile was on point! Yea... No... They lacked any resemblance of vinegar, garlic, season all... Plus there wasn't any pot liquor. Even if I decided to continue munching on my cornbread there want any juice to dip my cornbread in! I CALL FOUL! So I sent it back and tried the cabbage! Wrong move! No flavor and greasy! I know these are only the sides... HOW WERE THE TURKEY WINGS YOU MAY ASK??? Drum roll, lackluster, salty, no distinct flavor, and over cooked! Everyone who cooks turkey understand there is a point where the meat turns stringy and barely chewable! Well that was the case... Mac an cheese was the highlight and it wasn't enough to make the meal 2 my bf got the crab cakes and our guests both ordered the catfish. The overall consensus: we should have went somewhere else. The money we spent we could have went to rittenhouse and received stellar service and amazing food! The portion size of the entrees was huge... Enough for leftovers... But no one wanted their food for the next day! 
The only reason I'd come back??? If I had no other choice. I would rather eat at a hole in the wall Chinese spot on the corner than give Relish my money... Unless Krissy was there, but I'd just stick to the drink menu and eat before I go!
It's expensive in a sense of the food and service isn't worth it! I LOVE food and I'm not the type of person who checks prices... If its good, cost is a non-factor! This just was not good!Excellent food! Shrimp & grits, seafood Mac and cheese, shrimp deviled eggs all to die for. Drinks need more alcohol when served at your table but are good at the bar. Local talent is also great!if you want a nice place to celebrate an occasion or just a casual spot to have a very nice dining experience. this is an amazing spot. there are too many things to say about this place to list... they have a weekly calendar of events. this is a model business and the fact that it is an African American business in an African American business district is a plus.Len L
My wife and I went to relish for the first time last night. 
The meal was great.  Corn bread. Fried chicken salmon and mousse.   
The entertainment was the best we've seen in years. Tanqueray Hayward.  Anyone who gets a chance to see her won't be disappointed.  
I highly recommend Relish.  Great night.I love Relish, unlike their sister company Warmdaddys, they don't nickel and dime you for everything and their entertainment fees don't change from one minute to the next. The only thing I'm truly disappointed about is the bartending service we received. Drinks were just inadequate and the bartender is severely lacking in classic cocktail knowledge. My Gin Gimlet arrived in a shot glass, yes I said Shot Glass, full of ice, some Gin and a lime juice. How do you not know that this is a 4oz cocktail and how to serve it properly. They also charged us $9.00 for that crap too. What the hell? For a 2oz shot that was really like 0.75oz because you drowned it in ice. After that we refused to order anything else from the bar. I'll happily continue to be a patron but the bartenders skills and knowledge cannot be relied upon.Made a reservation a week in advance for 12 people for my boyfriends surprise bday party. The plan was for the party to be seated ahead of us getting there, that didn't happen. We got there and they weren't prepared to seat our reservation. We waited ten minutes after they destroyed the surprise. Waited 20 mins to even have our order taken! Then, 2 hours to receive our meal! Other tables came after us, ate, and left before we even got our meal! We asked to speak to the manager who was extremely dismissive and said he could only offer us free cornbread! The food was great but wow the customer service is the worst I have ever experienced in my life! Save yourself the headache and go to Warm Daddy's or Mrs.Tootsies! Don't plan a party here on a time schedule because their lack of customer service will destroy any possible plans you were thinking of! Will never go back and will tell anyone I know not to go!Went for my birthday dinner with the family. Put in my reservation via Open Table and received a response that parties of 8 or more had to also call restaurant.  Called restaurant and was told of policy of 2 hour limit for party.
We went on a Thursday and ordered from the 3 course $19.99 pre-fixe menu which is more extensive than many restaurants... soup of the day or green or Caesar salad for 1st course; entree (pretty much any menu item under $20) with sides of your choosing; dessert was either chocolate or lemon pound cake.
Keep in mind that most soulfood restaurants do not charge for cornbread but  Relish does. The honey cornbread was delicious and our waiter Corey was friendly and apologized for several delays between courses, lack of available cornbread, etc.
We were seated immediately.  Corey told us he would take our entire order for all courses to expedite the service. Course1:  Most ordered Caesar salad; 1 ordered green salad; 2 ordered the corn chowder soup. Southern Caesar salad was very good with cornbread crutons.   The corn chowder soup was good and spicy.
 Course 2- Most ordered fried chicken (breast, wing, leg, & thigh); 1 ordered BBQ chicken; 1 ordered fried trout. The chicken was all fried darker that I prefer. The BBQ chicken looked perfect as did the trout. The party member with the trout felt the taste was burnt so she then ordered the smothered turkey wings which she loved (both items were left on the bill corrected once pointed out to Corey). 
The sides we ordered were sweet potatoes, fried cabbage, macaroni & cheese, collard greens, and stuffing. The sweet potatoes weren't as sweet as preferred. The cabbage and collard greens were tasty; I did not like the consistency of the macaroni & cheese. The macaroni was over cooked and the cheese tasted like cheese wiz or velveeta.
Course 3- most ordered the chocolate cake and 2 ordered the lemon pound cake. The chocolate cake slices were 3x the size of the pound cake. Since none of us finished our dinner we all took our dessert to go.
The portions were plentiful but the service time left a lot to be desired. The time between courses was far too long. The food didn't all come out together and left some people with food while others remained without. We were packed up and still waiting for dessert when our waiter Corey came to apologize for the cakes not being ready due to the large capacity of guests. We joked about them still baking the cake and he stated all baking is done on the premises. But when the chocolate cakes did finally arrive they were cold as ice so obviously that cake was in no way "just baked". 
Despite the speed of service, Corey was polite and upbeat the entire time. He apologized profusely for the multiple delays so his service was duly noted and appreciated. 
The ambiance was great and the overall dining experience was positiveThe 5 stars are for the food, drinks, and hospitality. Greeting, waiter( David is exceptional! Friendly, accommodating) down to the cook Elliot who came to our table after we raved about his Honey Jumbo Wings. Our entrees were heavenly! My Turkey Wings, my wife's Catfish, wow! Soooooooo good! Jersey City NJ, not missing you right now. The mashed sweet potatoes, the collard greens, not to mention the cornbread! So glad we came here. Absolutely will be returning.My rating is solely for the Sunday Brunch as I have not had the pleasure to experience the wonderful dinner entrees and music that come so highly recommended. I ended my birthday weekend here with my cousin and best friend. I think I almost ended some long-standing relationships. A co-worker recommended Relish because she knew I was born and raised in the South and thought my group (both live in Atlanta) would also enjoy it. Heck, the tagline says "modern southern cuisine". How could this be wrong? For the price, I expected to not have to eat another meal for the rest of the day.  Instead, we left there and had a snack and then filled up on party leftovers. The issue?? No pork bacon or sausage!!! Forget health, religion, and whatever other issues people claim to have with pork, it should always be an "option" or you can not represent yourself in any way ( modern or traditional) as southern!! The only thing remotely southern were the bland grits (with no cheese in sight). You know, it could just be me... Maybe the modern southern cuisine only refers to the regular menu since I see so many posts about cornbread below.I've been to Relish twice, and both times were great! The staff is always so warm and welcoming, and the food is always fresh and delicious. I plan to go back again soon.This is a great place to grab a drink and listen to live Jazz music, but I cant really say it was worth my while for the eats. The food is no doubt southern and not bad, but for the price I wouldn't want to come back to eat for a while. 
The service was great, and the crowd was lively. Seems like a special occasion family eating spot for the locals. People seemed to be pretty dressed up, and there were a lot of birthdays/anniversary gatherings the night we were there.
 A relaxing evening, I would come back for a drink and the music.Visited today with friends and was blown away by food.  Service was excellent and food was delivered to table promptly! Very please with service and prices.Making Plans to listen to some Jazz with my Sister N Law! Just because I LOVE Her!We made a reservation for their famous weekend brunch and as soon as we stepped inside I was floored by the selection. Everything was delicious, from the fried catfish to the red velvet cupcakes. I tried my best to only have a little bit of each item but still didn't come as close as I would have liked to trying everything. Great decor and service, too.We attended this establishments due to the high ratings both on Yelp and by word of mouth.  I made reservations for a Happy Hour (5 - 7 PM) in the Jazz Cafe at Relish on a Friday night to celebrate my husband's birthday.  I received the confirmation for the Happy Hour and confirmed with the restaurant a few days prior to ensure we were on target for what my expectations were.
I first want to say that the food was good (two thumbs up on the cornbread, the Honey Hot Sauce Jumbo Wings and the Seafood Mac & Cheese - YUM!).  The bartender service was great, very attentive (all my guests have cosigned); however I was unable to enjoy my experience at Relish.  Here is why:
When we arrived, there were several tables set up as a formal set-down setting for my guests in the Jazz Cafe which I thought was a bit odd since the intent was for a Happy Hour.  There was no buffet which was again odd since there is typically a buffet for their Happy Hours.  That was not a problem.  I created my own buffet.  I asked the wait staff to break down the table set-up and place all the appetizers I ordered on the one long table.  I explained that this was intended to be a happy hour and not a formal set down dinner event.  I could tell that the wait staff were confused.  I was then approached by one of the managers who explained to me that since it was not a dinner event then they were going to break the tables down for their other customers (which none where there at the time) and also I would need to order the drinks through the wait staff and not the bar.  My response was we are here at the bar and I have already opened a tab at the bar as most of my guests were already sitting at the bar.  My additional response was that I reserved the tables for my party from 5 to 7 PM after which I am happy to have them take down the tables and settings at 7:00.  I am assuming that was OK since that was the end of the conversation.  Unfortunately, at 6:32 I observed the wait staff breaking down the tables anyway.  I chose not to address it as I was trying not to start an argument since it appeared we (myself, the manager and the wait staff) were butting heads all evening over the misunderstanding of the type of event.  To top it all off, I was charged full price for appetizers during happy hour.  Overall, the food was good; the staff needs to take lessons in customer service.This review is long overdue as I went to Relish Memorial weekend. I must say I left satisfied. The food was delicious, I enjoyed the famous turkey wings, they were cooked to my liking as well as the collard greens and mac n cheese. The cornbread was very good and my drinks were great! I'll be back!Relish is the absolute best !I had my sisters wedding shower there 3yrs ago & ppl are still raving about it ! Their waiters are patient and friendly! & the food is sooooooooooo delicious !  I live in mt ariy so this is a  place that I can go to close to home & enjoy great food & the live bands are  always kicking  ! & great service I love relish ! I also had a dinner party for my parents when they were in town frm flordia ! If you have never gone to relish you must put it on ur things to do list in 2016!This place is the best! 
The food, the staff, the portions, the live music, the atmosphere is all a "5" star rating for me. I hope to visit Philly real soon for another experience.This is Resturant is overpriced. The service was good but the food was nothing original and the brunch food was bland. I scanned the menu, but didn't try any of the items as we were only able to order the brunch. I do not recommend this place for brunch. Dinner I don't know about.