Strange thing about this place.... First time I went had the house made pickled vegetables to start along with the the friend chicken...awesome meal.  Would have been 5 star rating.  We have been back 4 times since - all since the fried chicken has been taken off the menu much to my GFs disappointment.  Why take the signature dish away?  The meals have been very good - especially the lamb Ragu sandwich and the lamb burger.  Fries are amazing.  The strange part is 2 of the 4 times we have been back we ordered the pickled vegetables again and they never brought them to us.  The first time we mentioned it when our entrees were being delivered- severed apologized and offered to bring them out, but at that point we didn't want them.  The second time this happened we didn't even mention it because I was so annoyed I didn't want the apology from the server.  Its one of the best things on the menu, why don't they want me to have them.
Food is above average for sure and the beer selection is awesome. I want to love this place because I just moved across the street but it's the little details that make me love a place and Resurrection keeps missing them.We came here for the opening night a few weeks ago, and actually visited again this past weekend. They have great drafts on tap. It is a little off the beaten path, but not too much so that I wouldn't go there. I was slightly turned off and kind of amused the first night when I was told they don't usually do beer samples. In fact I think thats secretly why we went there this weekend. I definitely love beer and have no problems asking for a sample. I guess I can see the point that you don't get to taste other things on the menu, but it has become such a standard to me that I was definitely annoyed. The bartender was friendly, and I liked the crowd so I'll probably be back.I was in here a week ago and I hate to say it, but I don't think I'll be back.  Don't get me wrong, the food was great and my server was pretty awesome too. But I was completely turned off by the part where I could hear what I'm assuming was a manager REAM OUT what I'm assuming was an employee from what I'm assuming was the kitchen. Even if that employee deserved a good scolding, you seriously do not need to make that any of my business while I'm trying to enjoy my dinner.  I made sure my dissappointment wasn't reflected in the tip, but I dont want to experience anything like that again. I wasn't even going to post this, but the time I just spent here in this northern liberties bar was so much better in comparison that I now feel obligated to write this. Sorry Resurrection, maybe I'll be back when you get a new manager..Pleasantly surprised. Love the atmosphere. Fried chicken was delicious, wings were tender but meh on crisp and flavor. Will go again.This place can best be described as 'Not for me'.  
I went here to meet some friends the other night.  I walked in and was instantly annoyed by a draft list with 0 explanation of what the beers are (i.e.- Matilda).  I was hoping to sit down and get a menu with some sort of explanation (i.e. Matilda, a hoppy ale with undertones of bla bla bla), but no such luck.  You're banking on someone you've never met before to learn your taste in beer, and recommend something you'd like.  Portentous.  I'd like to make my own decisions and not use my waiter as a crutch.  If I need their help, I'd ask for it, but I'd like the tools to order my own beer!
I generally like wheat beers and porters... nothing too hoppy.  The wheat beer and the porter kegs just kicked, so I was recommended a stout with the ABV% of water in Ireland.  If I'm drinking, I'd like to work towards a buzz, so 3.5%?  Not going to relieve the stress of the day.  I went for the next thing the waiter recommended, not because it sounded good, but because I was wasting an awful lot of his time.  It was drinkable, but I wouldn't seek it out again.
The decor was warm, and homie, and welcoming.  I liked that there were tables, but also ample standing space.  You didn't feel like you were crammed into the establishment.
I took a look at the menu, and as a vegetarian, I panicked.  Very few options.  I wish this place would take a stab at making a home made veggieburger, or a seitan sandwich, or even veggie chili.  If they want to work on their mass appeal, a hummus/veggie/olive kinda thing would be a great addition to the menu too.  Or even some good baked mac and cheese!  I was in the mood for a sandwich, but my only choice was a pear and goat cheese sandwich.  I'm not a big 'sweet and savory' fan, but i was prepared to order this more by default than out of desire.  They had an entree that involved some sort of pasta, but for $17, I just wasn't in the mood for that kind of night.  
We ended up getting our signals crossed and our friends weren't planning on meeting us until the next night.  My boyfriend (a meat eater) was also annoyed by the aura of the place, so we moved it along and got dinner somewhere else.
It's a perfectly nice place, and the staff is helpful.  It just rubbed me the wrong way.This is the story of getting tipsy on two drinks. 
After work a group of six of us headed to Resurrection Ale House for dinner and happy hour drinks. The server did an awesome job of describing the Dogfish Head Red and White, and since it was $3 at happy hour I went for two. This is one of the best new beers I've tried lately, that's for sure. 
I ordered the burger with cheese medium well, and it came out pretty pink. This isn't an issue because I don't mind a little pink, but it wasn't the juciest or most delicious burger I've ever had either. The fries and the dipping sauce were both tasty, but then again I don't bad mouth french fries very often. 
So, to continue the story, I arrived home after dinner and finally admitted to myself, "Wow, I'm pretty tipsy for two beers." A little research later (ok, I googled it) and I found out the Red and White has a 10% ABV. So I got one of Dogfish Head's "occasional rarity" beers--a 10% at that!--for $3. I'm still feeling lucky.
That wonderful beer plus the fact that their happy hour lasts until 7pm instead of 6pm (nice for the after-work drinker) makes me really want to go back, mediocre burger or no. The octopus looked delicious and one bite of a friend's fried chicken confirmed that it was delicious, so I'm anxious to order better next time.Local rags and mags have blessed this corner bar/restaurant with thumbs up and goodwill. Bon Appetit gave their fried chicken a national nod. Yelpers as you can see are fans for the most part. Me? I fall right in line. Why should you give Resurrection your $? They sport beer lists to brag about, and a menu that connects gourmet to pub grub with seasonal tweaks. It's just straight up solid.Best damn fried chicken in Philly!!! That's my word! And the bartenders know their ish.For whatever reason I rarely go south of South St. However after trying out Resurrection Ale House for the first time, I'm going to try and correct that now very obvious mistake.
The bf and I went one Saturday evening with another couple for dinner, and though we arrived around 6:30pm we had to wait for a table. Luckily, the bar provided us with four seats and four beverages - very delicious, microbrew beverages to be precise (and a diet coke for the non-drinker). The tiny interior was full but we didn't have to wait long for a table to get cleared - however that probably wasn't the case for the crowd of people who arrived immediately after us.
Our friends have dined here before so they could suggest dishes (and my Yelp research gave me similar insight to the menu). I tried to convince my bf to try the fried chicken (knowing how amazing its supposed to be) but the lamb meatball sandwich called to both him and one of our friends. I got the fennel and green bean salad with apples, radish and mustard vinaigrette, our other friend ordered the calamari spaghettini, and we all shared the collard greens and assorted pickles. 
Those collard greens were slow-cooked perfection and the pickles were the vinegar equivalent of pop rocks in my mouth. Who knew that pickled grapes could taste so freaking fantastic?! You can pickle anything! My salad was quite tasty, although a little too liberal with the dressing, my taste buds felt a little numb by the end. Apparently the spaghettini dish is the one to order since it disappeared within a few seconds, and the lamb meatballs kept producing sounds of approval from full mouths that it bordered on awkward - in a good way. Too full for dessert (sadly), we just got the check and BAM! Second best moment of the night was seeing how a fantastic meal could cost so little here.When all you read about is the famous twice-fried chicken at Resurrection Ale House, only to visit and not have the option of ordering that exact thing, you can't help but think, "why isn't their most famous item available all the time?" Oh well, I moved on. I ordered the pork cheek pasta and enjoyed the simplicity of the flavors. The guest I was with got the mushroom entree as she is a vegetarian and you swear you had to be eating meat by the texture and flavor. The draft and bottle selection was decent, but somehow I found myself struggling to pick something that I wanted.
The location was great and we had a good window view from our table, but the area we were sitting in was very cramped and you almost felt like you were dining with the people next to you which made for a bit of discomfort.
I would recommend Resurrection Ale House for a slower night and not when it's really busy, but overall I enjoyed my visit and while I only gave it three stars, if there was an option to give them an extra half star, I would.Took my dad and brother here on a Friday night on a friend's suggestion. We were disappointed - while the food was tasty, the experience could be summed up only as odd.
When asked if there were any local beers available, the waitress suggested Sierra Nevada. Seriously? 
When the hanger steak sandwich (ordered to share) arrived, we asked if it could be cut in half for us to share, and the bus boy brought a knife on a small, narrow plate. He didn't cut the sandwich and didn't bring a plate to use for the other half. The steak was cold (not sure if that was intentional) and there wasn't hardly enough meat on the sandwich.
As for flavors, they were excellent. The steak was cooked beautifully, the roll was delicious, the cheese plate was tasty (though the fig jam could've been more flavorful), and my brother said his pork sandwich was good. The fries were good too. And I enjoyed the franziskaner hefeweizen.
Another big complaint was the noise level in this place, and I'm not weird about noise. If I were in a rowdy pub, it'd be one thing, but this place has no more than twelve tables. It was so loud it felt like a packed bar. Some cushions or something might be in order to provide some kind of noise absorption.
Waters were filled a few times, so service was relatively attentive, but the whole thing was just strange. I'd go back again to see if it was just a fluke, but from the Yelp reviews it seems like service is the downfall of this place. Too bad.Updating this to 5 Stars now due to a new dish on the menu: roasted brussel sprouts with purple mustard paired with a pear, almond and celery leaf salad. Delicious.Went right after work at 5:00 on a Friday and feasted on a fantastic meal of pork belly steak and creamy polenta.  With Bear Republic's Racer #5 on draft, I was totally pleased.  Great early evening bartender, super friendly and extremely excited about beer.  Highly recommended.Slightly disappointing first experience but I was happy enough with pieces of the experience and the restaurant ambiance that I am certain to return soon. 
We visited Resurrection for a late brunch recently. I was a little shocked to see that we were the only table in the place but I guess they are still developing a fan base. It may also be because we didn't have the best brunch experience and that Fried Chicken I keep hearing about isn't available on the day menu, but it's also still quite new so that could be a factor. 
The coffee is La Colombe (for better or worse), the homemade apple butter was a nice touch, the eggs and peppered bacon (oh my!) were kick-ass and the bread was also homemade and fairly delicious.  
So why was this an only "A-OK" experience you ask? 
Well, on the flip side, the service was mediocre (again we were the only table), the prices are a little steep for some of the dishes and they are super stingy about the maple syrup. I know this is a little thing but it's also a big customer turn-off in my opinion. I don't care that it is "real" maple syrup and so more expensive, just go ahead and build the extra few cents into the original price (which I have a feeling you have already done). And where do you get off charging $2 for a half shot glass of extra syrup? Even with the extra half shot (no joke) I was told the French Toast was dry - very disappointing. This is an easy fix though so I'm hoping that as time progresses they will see the issue with this practice and fix it. 
All of that being said, the decor is seriously awesome (well done on the rehab!) and the location really can't be beat. Parking was quite easy and I'm all for the revitalization of this neighborhood. I'm going back for beer and that famous fried chicken I keep hearing about. The evening experiences seem to be much more positive!My boyfriend and I went here with another couple who had gotten a giftcard as a wedding present. As far as day trips into Philly, Resurrection Ale House is not located in an area that I normally stop by (if it's not within decent walking distance of the PATCO it is less likely that I'll go there). It was a really cute little place right on the corner of the street. A word to describe the restaurant would be "hipster" but it's not ridiculous.
They had an EXCELLENT beer selection and some really yummy food. They cut their fries very thin and serve them with a creamy old-bay dipping sauce.... since I put Old-Bay on EVERYTHING this was something I considered extremely awesome.
I ended up getting the "Warm pear and goat cheese" sandwich. Delicious!
One of the only improvements I would make would be that I wish they had a printed beer menu with a little more description. The beers were just written on the chalkboard above the bar, it was a little hard to read. I need more than just a name to figure out if I'm going to like a certain beer. The waitress was kind enough to describe any questions we had but I wasn't going to ask her to describe EVERY beer!
Also, almost every menu item had some trendy/quirky twist to it. I'm fine with that, since I'm a particularly adventurous eater (Weirdest thing I've eaten: Jellyfish) but for people who are more traditional, the best option they had was the hamburger. My boyfriend got the Speck and Mozzerella sandwich and was overwhelmed by the fig that was on it (not to mention that Speck is a little "different" too). 
Overall, excellent service, food, and beer. We will definitely go back!Since my first review I've been back here a bunch of times.  Its my neighborhood place.  I'm sure you've read about the fried chicken and you should--its awesome.  Crunchy and sweet and served with an excellent german potato salad.  My poor vegetarian friend was smelling it and saying, wow, that smells good!  Also supremely awesome is the short rib sandwich.  I may love it even more than the fried chicken.  Its so good, and especially if you add the greens.  Possibly my favorite sandwich in Philadelphia.  
Great wine list, lovely fries, and good desserts too.  Brunch is also very very good--I'm a fan of the huevos rancheros and the chorizo omelette.I really really wanted to like this place.  My husband and I recently moved to Grad Hospital from 15th and Locust, and really wanted a great neighborhood place.  The space is great, and it's not as "pub-y" as many of the other places in the area.  I also really liked my glass of white wine and my hubby was pleased to see Monk's Sour Ale on the menu.
Now for the food...  The brussels sprouts were pretty good, but enormously over-priced given the portion size.  I ordered the goat cheese and speck sandwich, which I had high hopes for, given that I love the two major ingredients.  I was disappointed though.  The speck was the fattiest I've ever eaten (any amateur chef could have trimmed some of it off), and it was very difficult to eat because the fat made it so damn chewy.  
The real stinker of the night, however, was my husband's dish--the king trumpet mushrooms, which he got on the recommendation of the waitress.  Keep in mind, that we had a horrifically long wait between the app and entree (the table next to us got seated 20 mins after us and had their entree before us).  When the mushroom entree came out cold, we had no choice but to assume that was because it was sitting in the kitchen for a while before the waitress brought it out.  When she came back 5 minutes after dropping of the food to check on us, we mentioned that the entree was cold.  She told him she would bring him a fresh one.  It could not have been clearer that his dish was merely dumped in the microwave and brought right back out.  The mushrooms were soggy and the pesto (which is supposed to be cold) was piping.  Not to mention the fact that she had an attitude with us the rest of the night.
Resurrection was a huge disappointment.  Because of the great reviews, close location, and homey atmosphere we would be willing to give it ONE more try.  But clearly, we would not order any of the same items we did this time.  I'll post an update when/if we go back, and let you know if they get off probationary status.We were visiting some friends in Philly, and trusted these foodie friends to bring us somewhere delicious.  I had a fantastic glass of red wine and my water glass was filled consistently throughout the meal.  Despite a communication error between the bar and a server who was not our own, we ended up getting beer we didn't order (the server told us it was the beer we ordered and we found out afterward it was not...), but otherwise the experience was good.
I ordered the Halloumi and Arugula salad, which was so interesting and tasty I'd get it again in a heartbeat, and the Pork Loin a la Plancha, which was unremarkable, however wonderfully spicy, and on which the pork was overcooked and dry.
We were told the fingerling fries were to-die-for, but I disagree.  They were fries, and there was nothing overtly special about them.  Certainly not worth dying over.When asked about what my favorite food is, I always respond "the perfect burger." This is usually followed by the caveat that I have yet to find said burger. When I first saw the burger here, I was a bit disappointed because it wasn't what I expected. It was just meat, cheese, and onions on a bun. "Where are the works!?" I thought. Nonetheless, I gave it a chance. 
When I took my first bite, it made me realize that the expectation I had for burgers was flawed. The reason that typical burgers need "the works" is because they lack something vital: character. I found my perfect burger.The menu is interesting, a bit esoteric for an ale house, but welcomed. The NOISE level was too much for me, an ambiance some might like - but for me, I prefer nice quiet conversation with those at our table and not hearing others from across the room.Oops! How did I forget to review this place!?!
We gathered a group here as the first leg of a super fun birthday weekend for my SO. We came in and were greeted warmly at the bar since they are first come first serve for seating we settled in for a few rounds. The staff were all pretty friendly and got us a table as soon as some campers freed one up. Kudos to our waiter not only for taking the late addition to our large group in stride but holding up a lighter for my honey to blow out like a candle with his dessert. So no complaints about service. The cook/chef however seems to be a little less accommodating. I wanted the lamb burger but that is only served medium rare, I like a little more done-ness than that but the waiter warned there would be no compromise. I know that is preferred temp to serve lamb but I don't enjoy it that way. So fine I asked if I could get the regular burger cooked more. I was told yes. So I ordered that and when it came it was medium rare at best. I hate kill-joy when with a large group so I just left it on the plate and told the waiter why when he asked when clearing the plates. Their Halloumi and Arugula salad is nothing short of awesome. I would go back for that alone. There is something magically about the combination of grilled cheese, fig jam and pickled beets. The dessert was a super dense slice of salted chocolate torte. It was rich and not overly sweet.It's kind of small, the tables are a lil cramped, but holy smokes their roasted maitake mushroom entree is foodgasmic! My dining partner was literally jealous at the joy I expressed from eating this meal. 
We came on a Friday night, were sat really quickly. Had the fingerling potatoes with pimenton aioli to start. Potatoes were good but the aioli was heavy on tabasco flavor. Still a good dish, but I'd try something else next time. 
I had a vodka soda and the bartender was just the right amount of generous. Then I got my entree... thinking about it makes my mouth water. The maitake mushrooms were fresh and roasted to perfection. Each bite was flavorful, buttery, and the texture of the mushroom plus the roasting made it the best non-meat meal I think I've ever eaten! 
Try that dish and you will not be disappointed. I wish I could get some flown into Dallas!My friend and I stopped here on a whim and it was divine intervention because the meal, service, and atmosphere were great! 
I had the croquet madame and he had the biscuits and gravy with crispy bacon. Both meals were cooked to perfection and the Samuel Smith's Taddy Porter was icing on my syrup-covered cake!
I really like the space as well. Lots of seating options make it more versatile, depending on who you're there with. The walls are simple and the space really speaks for itself by offering great food and beer choices! Choose wisely!nice new shiny bar. good lighting and arrangement. But why don't they sell regular beer? They have no local favorites. Lager, etc. Not sure I'll be going back. I like craft beers, but sometimes I want a nice light local beer. Lager please?Had high hopes for this place because I'm a fan of Memphis Tap Room but wow, what a disappointment. On the bright side, the beer list is great. On the down side the food is oh so terrible. Ordered the mussels which were dry and briny--salty black olives on top of shelled salty mussels. It was like taking a gulp of salt water. Barely edible. Also ordered the pork loin and was instead given a dry pork chop. Large and flavorless--couldn't even choke that one down. And then there was dessert! A piece of stale bread with a yellow smear that looked like the soupy polenta. The food was stale, dry, too salty, and what you order is not what you get. Pork loin=pork chop????
Come here to drink and leave when you're hungry.I love it here. I didn't for awhile but they continue to do what I say all places should do. Change their menu and their tap list. I'm impressed that even though we live close every time I come they have new and good options. For this reason I give them a 5 star ranking. More specifically, they always have an IPA or more on Tap. This makes the food always taste better!!The food is great.  I love their seasonal menu.  They have gourmet quality dishes but also have the best burger and fries!  Delicious beer selection.  My only complaint is that even if if it is not a high volume hour and not many people are there, they will still cram you into one of the little 2 tops and won't honor a request for a different table.  What is the point in that?  Nevertheless, I will continue to return.Great rotating tap list, delicious food (wings, burgers, salad= all amazing). Have always had good service. Good neighborhood restaurant and bar.Came here with a friend on a weekend afternoon for drinks and maybe food.  The location is unusual, but it's refreshing to see something off the beaten path.  There's a nice beer selection, so we each had a beer, and started looking over the menu.  I was surprised that there weren't more options for people who don't want to eat meat.  I know it's not something many restaurant owners may care about, but I guess I've been spoiled by other places in the city that offer some solid vegetarian or vegan options.  We decided to just finish our beers and head elsewhere for lunch.  The service was good, and if I were in the neighborhood again, I wouldn't mind coming here again for drinks and to watch the game.Met with a longtime friend on a cold blustery winter night. Resurrection Ale House loomed, like a beacon in the dark, cold night. Must..keep..walking...
..in the door to see a pleasant small gathering and friendly bartender! 
The beer list is eclectic, ever changing, and diverse. A craft brew here for everyone! Try the hand-pump, muy bien. 
I'd pass on the pork belly.. yikes, wasnt for us... but will be back to try the other food!First, annoyed by no taste beer policy. They offer 4 ounces for 1/4 of the price, but if I don't like it , that's still too much. Haven't ran into this policy anywhere else. Wasn't thrilled with the food.Huge foamy head on the Belgian. The fries were all reject small sizes. I ordered the crab cake sandwich, which we dubbed sea pork sandwich. Really, pork with crab. Over powering. Guess I missed this on the menu. Anyway, won't be back.Visit #2: Fried Chicken returns to the menu!!!!! But, when I arrive at 7pm they are sold out. What do I have to do to try this meal!? Seriously, it's starting to bother me.Went here last night, Friday, around 8 p.m. with a couple of friends.  The four of us were told it could be an hour wait, so we went over to the bar to order drinks, but before we could even order, we were seated! (The two big parties ahead of us were still waiting for their complete parties to show up--you can't get seated unless everyone's there.)  Tasty selection of beers on tap--I got the Stone Smoked Porter.  The food was very good, but not outstanding, I'd say.  The platter of pickles was fun to share--grapes, kabocha squash, beets, regular pickles, bread and butter pickles.  I got the maitake mushroom, which was just that: two beautiful roasted mushrooms (maitake look like carnations, rather than your standard button-shaped mushroom), with lots of delicious butter, over a celery root puree.  The bf's pappardelle bolognese wasn't as deep of a reddish-brown as I'm used to, but it was flavorful.  Our friend's balsamic beef shank sammy was reportedly good but salty.  Our other friend's tuna confit special on quinoa was not a winner.  The prices were really reasonable--all our entrees were $12 or less.  The service was pretty timely and very friendly.  Definitely worth a return visit.During the winter, I tend to hibernate. Part of this hibernation includes a moratorium on eating at any establishments outside of the 5 block radius of my house. Luckily, Resurrection started popping up when I was sifting through Yelp, trying to find something that meets my requirements. Since that initial meal, I have been hooked. I recommend this place to everyone, which is starting to backfire as waits for tables have gotten longer. The restaurant's setup is really conducive to comfortably waiting for a table, though, and I never mind having some extra time to sample more of the incredible beer list. (Reasonably priced across the board, too.)
I have not had anything off of Resurrection's menu that I would not recommend in a heartbeat. Absolutely everything I've tried has been delicious, and not just on a relative scale, either. 
The most recent trip here made me wonder whether I had reviewed Resurrection, yet. If I had, (I could have sworn I did, but apparently I only posted that review in my heart) I was returning immediately to say this: 
The burger at this place rivals any that I've had in Philadelphia. I really want to coordinate a Village Whiskey vs. Resurrection burger. Seriously, it's entirely and utterly amazing, and I'm almost worried that I will never be able to order anything else there.
Definitely interesting to try their brunch.been waiting for that fried chicken craving so i can finally have an excuse to travel all the way to RAH--- and tonight was the night!!
we did not waste any time! sat down and got right to it by ordering the twice fried chicken-- it was served in less than 10 mins! super speedy service!  the chicken was super crunchy! no.. not crispy but CRUNCHY! and the meat was nice and juicy.  it really lived up to its reputation!  it comes with a thin honey syrup poured on top and a side of garlic mashed.  a very simple, down to earth dish that is made for the satisfying comfort of its eaters.  
we also tried the resurrection wings tossed in this Za'atar spice (?).  it was really interesting, i don't know if i've ever had anything like it... it's a dry rubbed spice on the wings with a bit of zest.  somewhat similar to a smoked bbq flavor but slightly lighter in taste.  the wings are extremely tender where the meat will fall right off as soon as you fork it.  it is served with this lemon yogurt sauce but i might prefer to eat without it.  all i have to say is that these wings are definitely not for everyone.  it's nice to try but not my guilty pleasure of wings.
overall, the 2 dishes we got were fantastic!  really interested in what the other dishes would taste like.  unfortunately, this spot is quite out of the way for me.. so i don't know if i would return anytime soon... and sucks for me, b/c i don't have a sweet tooth and i would've much rather have my fried chicken without the honey on top :/ it was delicious but just wasn't feeling the sweetness~ i do have one question: how do they can get the meat to be so juicy and tender!?.... probably a mystery i'd never be able to solve...We've been here 15-plus times over the past few years. The food is typically very good, although a little inconsistent. Some seasons the menu is great; other times, meh.  The fried chicken and their fries are especially tasty. I appreciate the variety on their rotating beer list. My big issue us the service. The last few visits it has improved, but we have experienced everything from snobby to rude to inattentiveness. Snide comments from the servers etc. etc. Our experience with the bar staff is a little more positive. Overall, a great place to try - but only if you can ignore the service issues.I'm not sure what it is about this place that is slightly off-putting but for me there is something negative about it.  It's odd because the food is wonderful, the space has a calm and warm ambience, and the ever evolving beer list exceeds expectations for those of us who are kind of snobby about it.  You'll find no bottom tiered beers here.  Over the years I've had experiences with the chef that have been less than desirable and unaccommodating which is a shame.  I want to like this place more than I do.  It's definitely worth a visit so you can make up your own mind.Yes, the fried chicken really is that good.
The beer selection is also great, and seems to switch quite frequently. 
Lastly, it's a true neighborhood bar, and seems to not get infiltrated by trashy people. 
I've been here several times and am always happy to go back. if you haven't been, you should!This restaurant just keeps getting better.  The beers on draft are always fresh and interesting.  Yard's Saison has never tasted better than last night.  The menu changes weekly, though I hate to miss some of the selections.  Unbelievably good broccoli with cashews, tho it's hard to choose that over the artichokes.  Endlessly interesting sandwiches; a braised chicken with spinach was delicious and their pork sandwiches are always great and various.  Their truly wonderful vegetarian options have to be among the best in the city.  We go there often.  Servers are prompt, pleasant, and very knowledgeable about the food and the beer.So I've been a couple of times and it seems to be growing on me. The layout was always a little weird when it was Yello and it's still the same..split level, cramped...doesn't take much for it to feel packed. It does feel lighter and airier though and the decor is certainly pleasant. Most definitely the beer selection is the most impressive element here and I'm sure it will guarantee returns visits. I'm still trying out the food though. Both times fell a little short but it was early days and they may well be still finding their feet. I'll keep trying to find out.Really like this bar. Had the fried chicken awhile back (no longer on the menu) which was amazing. The french toast and croque madame are good. They also have a really good bloody mary.Their burger is still as good as ever, but I'm realizing their small plates are where they really shine. Recent highlights: the shirred egg with kale and creamy tomatoes, and their Brussels sprouts with a mustardy goodness that made me seriously consider replacing my main entree order with another Brussels sprouts order.
Service is still a little slow, and their olive oil tuna sandwich, which I had high hopes for, was a bit too soft and mushy for me. The flavors were spot on, but they needed more tuna or less vinaigrette to make it something I would order again.We ate here a lot when it first opened and let me say, the burger was INCREDIBLE, but each time we go back, it steadily gets worse and worse, smaller and smaller.
'The Chef prepares the burger Medium Rare" said the hostess. It didn't matter, because that shit was like a hockey puck.
On the plus side, its on our door step, and could be a great hang out in ths summer. I won't hold my breath though.One of my favorite bars in Philly! It has a down-to-earth (re: not too hipstery) vibe with a lot of neighborhood flavor. I see regulars come in here all the time. Their food is delicious although it occasionally veers toward the salty side. Love the Warm Pear and Goat Cheese sandwhich and their seasonal fried chicken is excellent! (Tip: Apparently it sells out on the first day it comes back on the menu. I showed up early for dinner when I had it last year.) Of course, the beer selection is another great reason to come here. The bartenders here are fun and worth chatting to. :) I would recommend this spot to any out-of-town visitor looking to find some real people and local culture.The waiter told us that people have come in and have literally CRIED when they found out they were out of the fried chicken.  While I don't know if I would cry over the chicken, it was really quite fantastic.  The chicken was super moist, flavorful and crunchy.  I have no idea how they're able to get the chicken SO crunchy without the skin just flaking or falling off.  I've tried the twice fried method, and it hasn't worked for me.  The chicken came with a spicy honey dipping sauce (honey with sriracha) and a side of potato salad.  The potato salad was a delicious cross between macaroni salad and mashed potatoes.  The celery it came with, however, was a bit too vinegary for me.  
The service was fantastic and for happy hour (5-7PM) all the beers are only $4.  On a Monday, it was pretty empty, which I liked.  The interior is super cute and cozy and I love the double sided bar.  I will definitely be back for fried chicken and cheap beer!Twice fried chicken. That's really all you need to know. 
I also think they have one of the best burgers in town. 
I got the lamb neck ragu on their most recent menu, and I enjoyed it, but if it's your first time going, make sure someone in your party orders the chicken.Great great neighborhood restaurant I'm lucky enough to live a short walk away- the twice fried chicken is delectable and a perfect blend of textures. Their beer selection is always eclectic and their staff, kind.Finally made it here after hearing so many great things about this place.  It was a hot memorial day so we opted for burgers and cokes.  Our food arrived fairly quickly.  First the asparagus appetizer special.  The asparagus was grilled to perfection and topped with a shallot-vinaigrette.  Absolutely lovely.  The burger was so juicy i needed several napkins to handle it!  I would have preferred most any other cheese than swiss, but that was all they had.  The onion on the burger was just enough (hate it when they overload it with onions) and had a sweet tanginess -  I think it was pickled.  French fries were those shoestring crispy kind, they came with some kind of cumin aioli.  Overall yum.  Only negative point was they forgot my coffee, but I didn't get charged for it and a large party came in after.. so no biggie there.  Definitely worth a return visit.It's definitely a bit pricey, but they have a great beer selection and the menu is good too.  I have never had a bad experience here.  They staff is also very friendly... it's kind of become our neighborhood bar where most of the staff knows your name.  The menu changes seasonally,but I recommend their burger and the fried chicken.Went to have lunch at Resurrection Ale House with a fine group the other day and we had a really good time in this airy and lovingly done small restaurant.  First the beers: a short but extremely well chosen list of taps (what else do you expect from Brendan?).  I had the St. Louis Geueze (this beer has the austere sourness of great Geueze beers but lacks the lovely "barnyard" smells I so  love), the Lagunitas Cappuccino Stout (lives up to the name), and, what a treat, the Rodenbach Grand Cru.  
With beers like that, it would be easy to lower the expectations for the food but this is the great thing about Resurrection Ale House - the food is excellent and as fairly priced as the fine beers.  The much-lauded twice-fried chicken, slightly sweet and accompanied by a tasty German potato salad, lived up to the hype.  An order of braised pork belly brought a generously sized piece of tender bacon that was the ambrosia to the nectar of the Lagunitas stout.  I tried the pumpkin risotto with great trepidation (so many risotto disappointments!), only to find a finely cooked dish with perfect risotto consistency.  My favorite dish, however, was the plate of braised Belgian Endives, a plate that will make me return to the Ale House as soon as possible.  I don't think our vegetarian friend ate quite as well as the carnivorous rest of the group, the Lentil Sloppy Joe tasted as boring as the sound of its name.
Unanimous delight in the group with the desserts we shared:  a moistly rich Olive Oil cake and an interesting variety of cookies, served with a dish of whip cream and apple butter.
The service was solicitous and very easy-going and we had the chance to chat with the no-nonsense chef Joey Chmiko, a man with a vision and the talent to make it a reality.Before I start this review, I need to make something clear: I've had the fried chicken before, and it is like crack. However, when I went last night, the fried chicken wasn't on the menu! Did it just recently come off? Do I need to specifically ask for it? Any insights?
Fried chicken aside, our meal last night was delicious. They had a sandwich special which was an open faced pumpkin, pear and kale sandwich. It was heavenly. Very autumnal without tasting like pumpkin pie. I also enjoyed the brussels sprout with bacon. There seemed to be some sort of sauce with the brussels sprouts that I couldn't identify, but it doesn't matter because it was awesome.
My dining companion ordered the lamb burger, which was a delightful departure from the traditional beef burger found everywhere else. It has a middle-eastern tinge to the flavor, which was a refreshing change in burger toppings. 
They currently have Mad Elf on tap, which is always two thumbs up in my book!
This is a great place, and worth checking out. Now if only someone could explain to me the mystery of the fried chicken...One of the best burgers I have ever had! The buns are amazing. And the waitstaff is great with beer recommendations :)This place is definitely the best "pub" around. I have not had a bad meal here and the food continues to astound me. Great little neighborhood spot for us Graduate Hospital residents. Great beer selection and a nice low-key ambiance.Four of us had dinner and drinks on a Friday night. I immediately liked the atmosphere because it wasn't as formal as a restaurant,  yet not too much of a bar scene. They offer a great selection of beer and the food was wonderful! We shared 4 small plates and 1 larger plate. The guys loved the pork belly and the slow cooked greens, and my roommate and I found the fried chicken to be tender and juicy without being greasy. The beets were wonderful as well, although the anchovy flakes were a little too strong for me- they are more of a garnish though so I still enjoyed the dish. And the german potato salad that comes with the chicken was AMAZING. The bill was a little less than $60 (without drinks), which I think is a deal considering our group of two girls and two really hungry guys. Everyone left full!This place has great. Has that 'service with a smile' attitude with accommodations when you ask for them. Great craft beer selection with some real good ciders. The food is on the pricey side but you get what you pay for. The Rubens are on the top of my list, which seems to be in big competition with the restaurants in the graduate hospital area. Would recommend for a good place to have a date, not so much for going out to party.Good beer selection, tried the brussel sprouts (with bacon, very good!) and the mushroom (shiitake?) dinner plate with bread crumbs, that was also very good. I would return.Great neighborhood spot. Good beer, surprisingly good food for a bar. Brunch is solid as well. A little more space than Side Car down the street but that's a great spot too. My girl, neighbors, and brother all like the spot. 
Cool staff too.Even though I live right down the street I'm so used to writing this place off because it used to be just a "meh" bar called yellow bar. The new owners have done a fantastic job sprucing the place up. I love how they utilized the already ample windows with a much more comfortable seating arrangement and homey decor. The food was a little more pricey than expected (my fault for not doing my homework) but my lamb meatballs were out of this world delicious. I also tried the mascarpone polenta which was also tasty. The fries have this great curry ketchup which is so amazingly scrumptious. Not to mention a fantastic draft and bottled beer selection to please all pallets. Overall, I'll surely be back to try some more.A limited food menu and a good beer selection are the main points of Resurrection Ale House.  There are better spots for food and beer, especially considering the price.
If I was a rich yuppie trying to convince myself I was "down with the people" and that I "love craft beer" I probably be a regular.  IF.Came with my brother for late night eats and drinks.
Food (8.5/10) = Damn!  Yelpers weren't kidding about the twice fried chicken!  Definitely the thing to try at Resurrection Ale House.  Skin was very crispy, and the meat moist.  Lightly dressed with a spicy-sweet honey-savory sauce.  It reminded me of the bon chon Korean fried chicken places.  The fried chicken dish is complimented well with the salad and cornbread.  And of course, the beer also pairs well with the fried chicken...as beer does with all fried things.  My brother got the moules-frites appetezier (fingerling potatoes, caramelized fennel, mustard cream, and bread crumbs).  This dish was great in its own way, but did not have the "wow" factor the twice fried chicken impressed on my tongue.  Resurrection Ale House exhibits a great beer selection as many have already mentioned.
Ambiance (8.0/10) = Simple neighborhood joint at the corner of a block.  Bar is right in front of you when entering, and tables situated further in the back.
Service (8.5/10) = Our waiter was cool.  Very friendly.  Very attentive to when we needed another beer...like his 6th sense.  Looks like other reviewers commented on a no-taste/sample policy on the beer.  Didn't experience this myself since I didn't request any samples on my visit.
Overall opinion = Really enjoyed my visit to Resurrection Ale House.  Wish I had a gastropub of this quality in my neighborhood.  Serving some of the best fried chicken I've had, complimented by a great beer selection.Like many... I went for the fried chicken. Unlike many, I found it good not great.   The twice fried method certainly made it extra crispy but it also made it very hard to find the actual chicken.  I am actually not sure how much chicken I really ate.....  Lots of fried nibbles but very little chicken.  I'd love to try the recipe on a meatier piece of chicken.   The watermelon salad that accompanied the chicken was delicious and my favorite part of the dish.   
The beer selection is great and the overall space is clean and comfortable.  The service was about average. The menu was very creative and I will certainly go back and try other items.The atmosphere is more clean cut than most other bars in the area, but the service is down to earth and the beer list is extensive. Make sure to ask for the bottle list, there are some well-priced gems in there. The brunch is excellent, felt like I got a large portion and my coffee mug never got low.Resurrection is really working it. On my second visit, we were greeted by the hostess, and told there might be an hour wait for dinner. It was after seven on a Saturday night. We were pretty hungry, but resigned to wait it out. The owner immediately got our name, and said "he got this". We were barely done with our first beer when our name was called, and we were shown to a comfortable table for four. the service was quick and fun, and we enjoyed our meal. As we were paying, the owner came over and asked us if we were finished eating, could we move to the bar. he coordinated a switch with a group , waiting for a table to eat. The joint was crowded( and loud) but we were given the special treatment, which makes you want to return soon.I love that I live within a few blocks of Resurrection.  
The happy hour prices ($4 for domestic drafts) are out of this world, especially when we're talking some strong beer here.  They have a nice selection of beer, most of which I randomly try, all of which I have liked.  There might be one or two beers you've heard of before (like Alagash White), but whenever I come here, I feel the need to branch out and try something I can't pronounce.  The end result usually involves me stumbling out the door...
I usually just come here to drink, but their brunch is just as delightful as their beer.  Great neighborhood spot!I literally live 2 blocks away from this place and I cannot, will not go back no matter how convenient. Our experience was so annoying and I don't remember food details, but for starters our server was a complete arrogant and ignorant prick. I think I inquired about something called "cocoa spaghettini" - possibly a special - and this dude scoffs at me as if to say "isn't it obvious?" FIrst of all, I'm italian - familiar with MOST pasta - this, I had never heard of. Either way, not a way to talk to a customer. Second, the food took ridiculously long to be served; we waited almost 40 minutes! while some couple who arrived 15 min after us, was served first. Unacceptable. Third, the prices for the portion and "quality" don't add up AT ALL. There are a million better places in this city to eat for that price. Oh and fourth, for real - I hate their menu. I'm a somewhat adventurous eater and these choices were just "huh?" or "eh" for me. No thanks. Move along.This place is a gem. They have high-quality beer with a good variety. Happy hour (5-7) is well-priced ($4 beers, $5 wines) and the staff are really friendly. BEST DOUBLE-FRIED CHICKEN I'VE EVER HAD. Highly recommended.I've been told this place is great but honestly, I was again, a bit underwhelmed. Their beer selection is decent but my main priority is definitely the food. I found it to be a bit lack luster. My friend got some version of their mussels that needed salt. It was fine and she was nice about it but we didn't find it to be impressive. I got a burger which was good but again, wasn't the best burger I've had in town. I will give props to the service though since they were super nice about seating us and giving us time to choose our meal or even giving suggestions. The seating is tight so expect to be sitting on top of one another if you come here. However, if you don't mind, that's great! I may come back to give it another chance on food and try their fried chicken next time since it is rated quite highly.Came here for a second dinner last Friday night around 9:30 with my boyfriend, who hadn't eaten yet. The place was pretty crowded with warm, cozy and hip decor. 
Yeah, yeah, the beer selection is "great." To be honest I don't know much about beer and the strong stuff usually gives me a stomachache, but I had a Sierra Nevada Celebration and it was good.
I had the arugula and feta salad which was simple and so delicious ($7). Arugula tossed with orange olive oil, dill, shallots, and the freshest feta I have EVER tasted (and I gorged on the stuff in Israel). Huge, creamy chunks of cheese were tossed throughout.
My boyfriend had the Ragu Bolognese open-faced sandwich ($12) which he enjoyed, but was so heavy he didn't finish. The fries were thin, crispy and served with Harissa aoli, a flavor I've never tried. Very interesting.Ended up here on a random Wednesday night after talking about trying this place for years. This place is off the beaten graduate hospital path and pushes the west side boundary of the neighborhood. Once you arrive you immediately get that cozy neighborhood feel, added bonus for navel square residents.
As for food and drinks, they have a solid draft beer list with about 10 options that had a number of my seasonal favorites so +1 there. Food wise I was pretty underwhelmed after hearing rave reviews about the fried chicken. Two pieces of chicken come with the plate and both of mine were not as moist as I would have hoped and the coating was borderline too fried. Maybe that's the nature of the twice fried chicken but too crunchy for my liking. The accompanying salad was an afterthought although I did enjoy the cornbread. Overall very average but still worth giving another chance. I had a bite of the pork belly sandwich too, fresh avocado brought it all together and the challah bun was a nice touch.
It was a slow night and the service seemed to be checked out, only took our order delivered food then the bill. Nonetheless I'll still be back for a casual meal and drinks.we recently visited, (We are from Baltimore) my sister-n-law, who is from Philly. She moved to this newly gentrified area, a few days ago. This was our first and most likely last visit here.
How can you offer beers that no one has heard of and not at least offer them to sample a small size of it-especially when they are more then likely to drop $100 for dinner--no excuses for that.  WAITRESS SAID -NO. TERRIBLE POLICY. WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE.
THE BEER;
Now for the fun part:  after saying no, she said you can buy tastes of 4 oz. for whatever price (I forgot). I stuck to an IPA rather getting something I would dislike. Our table mate got some type of Resurrection brew, he was more adventurous than I.  It came in an 8 oz snifter type goblet that was 1/3 full of beer and 2/3 full of head--ARE YOU KIDDING ME. So you did not charge me for a sample, that is how it comes..Charged us full price.
Come on man. Who are you kidding
 WHO TAUGHT THESE GENIUSES HOW TO POUR BEER. VERY OVERPRICED FOR WHAT YOU GET.
DO NOT GO HERE FOR THE BEER
THE FOOD: 
Very pretentious on the menu offerings. 2 of us got Fried Haddock sandwich. The bread was double the size of the fish. Not very good. I got the cola induced Pork-that was ok. The last of us got the double Fried chicken drenched in some sweet concoction, it was ok.
Overall the food was average at best.
I would not recommend this place to anyone. They are trying to be something they are not.
There are many more local places to try...and we didI've been reading about their fried chicken for a long time. Finally, i went, tasted the fried chicken and was thrilled that it lived up to the hype! It was incredibly crispy and coated with this delicious spicy/honey sauce. It totally worked with the chicken and added an excellent kick to the dish.
Fried chicken aside, this place is adorable, has good food and a great beer selection. I was very happy with the whole experience. I thought the speck and goat cheese sandwich could be better but the chicken, beer,  atmosphere, fries and pork head terrine made up for that and then some. 
Food aside, I was really happy with the service. Our waiter remembered my friend from a week or so prior and remembered he had knee surgery! I was pretty impressed and thought it was really great that he asked how he was doing. 
Resurrection Ale House is perfect for a casual night out on a date or with friends.  I'll definitely go back in the future and not just for the fried chicken!Happy hour + fried chicken...what could be better?
We arrived around 5 for happy hour (beers for $4 from 5-7pm) and were 2 of only 4 people in the place.  The bartender took the time to explain the different beers to us and let us sample a few.  Once our party arrived, we moved to a table.  I split an order of the fried chicken w/ my boyfriend. It was awesome.  So juicy and tender on the inside, yet so crispy on the outside.  Per our server, it's from the chef's grandmother's recipe (with the modern update of Sriracha-honey sauce). The chicken comes with german potato salad.  Now when I think of potato salad, I think of potato chunks covered in mayo (barf), yet what came out with my dinner was more accurately described as smashed red potatoes dressed in vinegar.  They were delicious!  
Great service (the server even took the time to go look on the ipod and write down what song was playing when we asked) and great food.  My only complaint: DAMN it was cold in there! I mean like freezing.  Please turn up the heat next time!I came here after the amazing front cover picture of the twice fried honey drizzled chicken on Philadelphia Magazine's most recent issue. I've been meaning to check it out for some time, but that sexy sexy cover shot gave me the push to finally go. 
I came here a little later on a Friday night, so there was a bit of a wait, though not too bad. Their beer selection was able to entertain me while I waited. 
Once seated, we ordered the pork belly appetizer, fried chicken and lentil sloppy joe. The pork belly looked like a chunk of tiramisu. It was good, but I probably wouldn't order it again. The guilt to enjoyment ratio wasn't worth it. The lentil sloppy joe was decent, but nothing amazing. And the chicken...(dun dun dun)....was just so so. I actually thought the whole twice fried thing worked against the dish. The skin was too hard and dry. I hate to say it, but I'll take some Popeye's over that any day. But let me say, it wasn't terrible, just not front cover worthy. 
I would come back if I'm in the neighborhood for a beer and burger, but not make it a point to eat dinner here again. It's a cool spot though. This one goes in the "sure, I'll go, why not" pile.Way impressed by my visit to this neighborhood treasure. 
I live about a centimeter away from Resurrection, which I'm sure sways my view a bit, but bear with me. I had been to the bar for drinks on a few occasions with happy results. Deliciousness every time and very reasonable prices, considering the quality. It really seems like they select their brew selection with care. I can't say I regularly go for a happy hour-esque scene, probably because there are a ton of local dirt cheap options to keep me distracted. Still, we decided to try the food this evening for a quick weeknight treat.
Oh man, I can't believe I put it off for this long. Everything we had was very, very tasty. We started with the shrimp appetizer and the broccoli rabe bruscetta-y thing. The shrimp was so tender, with a tasty creamy sauce and more than a little kick. Perfect. Enough little guys to share for sure but don't get greedy. After all, it was just an app. The broccoli rabe was yummy as well, served with a ricotta scoop on the side and delicious toasted chewy bread slices. Really nice for something different. I though the ricotta and greens layered on the bread was great, although my companion said the rabe itself was a bit salty. 
All three of us LOVED our main dishes. One fried chicken, one lamb sirloin flatbread, one pork chop. Clearly, the male of the group got the pork chop, and raved and raved. It was huge, by the way! Well cooked and served on a bed of shredded brussels sprouts. Not my cup of tea, but to each his own. Fried chicken was spectacular, but I think everyone knows that. The lamb sirloin wrap was a fun surprise! Light and tasty with mint and a bean hummus-style spread. It came with their amazing fries and curry dipping sauce. Huge hit at our table. 
Throw in an amazing beer selection, and I can't wait to go back. I have no reservations suggesting this place to friends or swinging them by for an affordable and delectable casual meal out! Props to the neighbors!Yes. Everything said about the fried chicken, just, yes. 
Lovely little joint. I withhold the last star just because the draft and wine lists were a little short. The food gets 5 stars easy!The atmosphere at Resurrection is great, which makes me wish the food was better.  The beer list was also excellent.  The food, however, left something to be desired.  Mainly, it was way salty.  You can add salt, but you can't take it back, and both the appetizers and entrees had too much.  The pork in particular was drenched in salt.
The service was good, but not amazing, however there was one waitress working (I think) all of the tables on a relatively quiet night, so that didn't have a major bearing on my rating, as I understand having to work all those tables is tough.
Conclusion: the menu was only mildly impressive and the way over seasoned.  Since it's very close, I'll probably try Resurrection again, but given my grad school budget, I can't guarantee it, since if I'm going to for a slightly more "upscale" American meal, I want to really love it.The fried chicken is so so so delicious!!! Beer selection is good and service is great!! Awesome place in GHO.I like this spot.  Moved to the neighborhood recently and it's nice to have options besides Grace Tavern which can get really crowded.  RAH has a nice ambiance, friendly wait staff and the wings are good-my go to food.  My favorite part of this place is the good music they play and the fact that it's never super crowded.  I hope it stays that way.Decent place if you are into good beer. Very "of its location". Every time I go in here it seems like there people in their mid thirties with their children. The interior almost reminds me of a TGI Fridays without the flair. Or maybe a suburban kitchen. I'm not sure.
I am disappointed about the elimination of natty boh from the beer selection. i think every bar needs a bottom shelf beer as I cannot afford to pay 4-5 dollars a beer most of the time. The food is good. As many people have said the honey sweetened fried chicken is excellent. The vegetarian fare is ok...last night I had a lentil sloppy joe. The sloppy part was smokey and tasty, however I did not care for the choice of bun. I'm picky like that. The fries were very good and served with a spicy mayo which is a must for fry lovers in philly. Decent place.Good beer selection, seriously tasty cranberry stuff on the turkey burger (but if there was habenero in there like the menu said, it was the kind of habenero that tastes just like cranberry). Anyway, they say brussel sprouts are the new kale, so of course they're on the menu - but they were totally overwhelmed by pickled onions - with hardly any of the sweet & bitter bite that you want from a sprout.this place has all the pieces in place: good beer selection, great food, cozy, warm atmosphere and adorable waitstaff.
the beer selection isn't huge - perhaps 12-15 different ones on draft - but there's a good variety, they're selected carefully and always include at least a couple local beers.
the food is uniformly delicious gastropub fare. i've had mostly appetizers and sandwiches (none of the more pricey entrees), and they are pretty inexpensive ($9-12) and quite good.
if you're looking for a good, cheap, quick snack, a beer and basket of fries with their AWESOME curry dipping sauce is on order.
the waitstaff and bartenders are really nice and super, super cute in that indie sort of way. i wish i could take them all home with me and squeeze them.
bonus: a nice bike rack outside, which due to its popularity, is usually full. but i appreciate the gesture. also a bonus: an Xcelerator hand dryer in the bathroom, which makes me happy because i am boring like that.Unlike many I have never had the fried chicken. 
What I have tried are particular pints of beers, beers that I have accquired over the past three years of drinking at Ressurection. 
 I always enjoy the ever changing beer menu, and on occasion some of the food. I have never been disapointed and the service is always good. It is great that I can take my wife and daughter in and enjoy a nice beer without being crowded in.  Also convenient that I live right across the street!I am pretty sure this place has changed hands. I had the PB.L.T. . ...............................................................................$12
Pork Belly, lettuce, tomato,
pink peppercorn mayo.
I was hoping for a more flavorful sandwich. Disappointed.Oh man.  BOOM.  What a cool place.
Small inside.  Lots of bar seating.
Incredible menu of craft beers on tap.  And the food was superb.  I had a rainbow trout sandwich, on little baguettes with a creamy sauce.  Outstanding.  Two others had the house-made cavatelli, and raved about it.
Go here.I had some early evening drinks and eats here last Friday for the first time. Friendly service from all of the bartenders that served us, good food and a cute atmosphere. The owner even made an appearance and chatted for a bit with my friend, who is a regular of the establishment. It definitely had a laid back and relaxed vibe, and we all felt comfortable spending a few hours there just hanging out and catching up with each other. The space is small so it did get crowded and loud at times, but would also thin out every so often, as if people came in in waves. Overall a pretty nice bar/restaurant, with some pretty nice peeps.Wow. 
We went for Brunch today. Amazin' sausage n' biscuit n' gravy.
Just really what the doctor ordered.
This well laid out brew pub sports understated decor and has an ambiance a cut above- while staffers are both courteous and knowledgeable.
This spot is directly across from the  Historic Navy Asylum on Grays Ferry Avenue - If in the area- you'd be considered Section 8 Crazy for not stopping in for a brew and a bite.I was in town for the weekend and my friend insisted we HAD to have their double fried chicken, and he was right. We all ordered it and none of us were disappointed. The spicy honey really sets off the crunchy and juicy chicken. Not like any other chicken I've ever had. 
There was a great beer selection and the rest of the menu looked amazing, I don't think there is anything I wouldn't have eaten. We got the asparagus with strawberries as an appitizer and it didn't disappoint.For beer, a fine place to go.  For food, save up your money and go to a real restaurant.  This is the first food place that reminded me of a saying my grandparents had, which was that we were too poor to buy cheap.  If you're a 20-something who can't afford an entree in a good restaurant, you might want to believe that $9 fingerlings are fancy fare, but kids, really, they're just frozen potatoes in a ketchup/mayo sauce that you could make at home for a tenth of the price, and they'd get to your table hot, not rubbery and lukewarm.  We had four plates and not one was worth the price or the noisy, crowded environment.  A good place to go if you're drunk and have just gotten paid, but don't head here for an actual dinner. To add insult to culinary injury, the waiter actually informed us, quite brusquely, that we needed to leave because they had a "waiting list."  Of course, he waited to tell us this after he had received his inflated tip (among other things, he served all four "little plates" of food simultaneously, leaving no room on the tiny bar table to actually eat them:  we worked it out ourselves).  In short, a dog and pony show for the trendy, not for the foodies or for those who are seeking a nice dining experience. That said, a good place to throw back a beer and if you're feeling a little dizzy and hungry, buy one of those crappy little plates to settle your stomach.Meet up here for a midafternoon date on a weekday and I was surprised on how steady of a crowd they had.  It wasn't super large but a few groups of people rotated in and out while I was chit chatting with my date.  Great draft and bottle selection, this is defiantly a beer bar.  Like the bar area it was a good size.  I tried the bottle of the week, wasn't my favorite the bar tender sold it well and he let me keep the bottle which was super cool looking.I liked the vibe here.  A nice place to meet up with friends to unwind after work and to enjoy good food.  I got the TWICE FRIED CHICKEN and it was good.  I wasn't overly impressed.  The meat was moist, the skin super crispy topped with a flavorful spicy honey sauce.  A bit heavy so not something I would eat often but glad I tried it.I ate dinner here the other day, and I'd say this was a solid 4.
The tap beer list was interesting, included many breweries I've never heard of before, from around the world. (Negative points for not listing prices on tap beer menu). 
The dinner menu wasn't very large, but had some vegetarian items and meat meals of different genres. I chose the mushroom sandwich, which piled on the button mushrooms and kriminis, with fries complimented by an awesome curry ketchup (best part of the meal, hands-down!). 
The service was really good, and the place was small and quaint - almost a southern country feel with the beige walls and wooden furniture. 
I'm not running back here... but I'd return again!I just want to say up front that I am from the South and I know my fried chicken.  
The Resurrection Ale House "Twice Fried Chicken" may have been crowned one the best fried chicken's in 2010, but in 2014 it pales in comparison to other fried chicken options in the city.  
The fried chicken that was served was easily fried three times- overcooked and brittle. The waffle was fine. The spicy honey was very good. But the wilted collards sandwiched in between the fried chicken and waffles was not necessary.  
The chicken was not salty enough to engage in the sweet-and-salty pairing the chef was wanting diners to experience. In fact, the chicken lacked flavor (either from seasoning or from a brine).  
The other dishes brought to my table also lacked freshness and creativity- in fact they were boring.  And tasted boring.  And looked boring. The ambiance was great and the venue was very family friendly.  My kids enjoyed the fries and ketchup. That pairing was stellar! 
The other clientele and the staff were very attentive and nice. Unfortunately, a nice room with nice people doesn't make up for bad food.Always a fun list of beers, always good remarkably good food.  Fried chicken is classic; I had the tongue sandwich.  Locally raised beef, rye bread...vey, it was good.
TVs in case you want to watch the game---I came here all the time for Phillies games last season.  There's a dining area without a sight line, though, in case you want to actually talk to the people you're with.An relatively expense lunch for a bar, but the twice fried chicken is out of this world and they have a great selection of stouts. A little fare from me, but I would recommend taking a trek here. The twice fried chicken is that good.I've been putting off writing this review for a while, because I tend to put off everything for a while, but it's one review that's been burning deep in my psyche ever since my last visit. Unfortunately I waited so long that the place was sold before I could poison potential customers with my thoughts, but upon reading that much of the staff would be kept on by the new owners, I felt compelled to continue with my quest.
For the longest time I heard great things about Resurrection Ale House and regretted my failure in actually trying it despite spending a great deal of time nearby.  The first time I went was April 2013 on a Sunday and the place was completely empty except for one other table of 3 adults and two young children seated in the rear of the bar near the kitchen. For some inexplicable reason, the waitress decided to seat me and my friend at the small table directly next to the kitchen. Let's be clear, in any dining establishment, the tables next to the kitchen and the bathroom are not to be filled unless there is no other option. Why someone would intentionally seat a table next to the hot, loud, and odoriferous kitchen in an otherwise empty restaurant is beyond me, but further lacking the awareness of placing two late-20s men out to enjoy a few beers and objectionable conversation next to whiny, picky-eater children was the icing on the cake. I had the burger, an IPA, and a Love Stout. The burger was OK, the IPA clearly didn't leave a lasting impression, but it was the first Love Stout I had and it became a friend for life. I would have liked to have another beer or two, but by that time we were the only table in the place and unsurprisingly receiving little attention back near the kitchen.
My second visit came in June of 2013 for Beer Week. Despite a torrential downpour that day that left my date and I soaked to the bone for our first date together, I was in high spirits because she was smart, beautiful, and full of great conversation, but more importantly, the beer list was absolutely amazing. There were a number of beers I had been waiting my entire life to try and finally I would have my chance. Of course being that it was a first date, I had that scenario where the waiter comes by asking if you know what you would like, but you've barely glanced at the menu because you're still breaking the ice with your date. The difference here was that the waiter, Paco (I kept my receipt so I would never forget his name), actually asked us for our order almost immediately after we sat down. No drawn out conversation by this point, I was actually engrossed in the beer list trying to plan out the ideal ordering sequence for my dream beers. I told Paco we were still deciding, he walked away, then circled back again in short order. We made our first drink order, and were able to get back to our conversation. 
We do the whole barely-look-at-the-menu-while-we-talk thing and quickly the waiter comes by yet again asking if we're ready to order food. No we're not, but I'm enjoying my $14 beer so chill out. He leaves briefly, returns after maybe a minute, and actually stands over our table and doesn't leave until we give him our food order. Absolutely bizarre. I ordered some mushroom sandwich under duress just so I could go back to enjoying the deliciously sweet Calvados cask-aged JW Lees in my glass and the stimulating conversation with the lovely woman seated across from me. The mushroom sandwich came out and was virtually inedible. Mushrooms were sliding out all over with each bite which really was not the ideal first impression visual. I give up on the sandwich a third of the way through but was savoring my second high-priced beer when Paco makes another unwelcome visit to our table, this time with our check. We did not ask for our check. In fact, I was going to probably drop another $17 on my next beer and my date was likewise spending big on quality beer, but our waiter made the judgment that somehow we were not as lucrative as the party of two next in the queue.
What made this situation even sadder was that one of the owners came out around this time making a toast to the packed bar, telling how he had compiled the selection of beer with great care and was so happy to share it with everyone there. It was a genuine little speech and would have made me feel like a valued customer if I was not simultaneously being shown the door. I have never in my life felt so rushed through a meal. I dine out far frequently than I should and I've had many friends in the restaurant biz so I am quite conscious of overstaying my welcome, but that wasn't close to this situation that evening. My hope is that the new owners shake the staff up a little bit, and perhaps the food gets a bit of a boost too. I'll give it another shot when it changes hands, but if a certain waiter is still there I'll be heading right back out the door to save him the trouble of trying to make that happen in the middle of my meal.Nice, friendly pub with very good food but I don't like the fact that they do not write prices of the beer on their chalkboard - when I have asked the bartender they have no clue the price and have to look it up on the computer. Some drafts are $6 - $7 - that is cool just don't hide it till you get the tab.
I think it's tacky business practice and i probably won't go back  ... Even though I live around the corner. This kind of stuff drives me nuts and is totally customer-unfriendly.
I hope they start being more transparent in pricing so I will feel more comfortable supporting this establishment.I am one of the many who read about Resurrection in Bon Appetit as part of their write up on the best fried chicken.  While I live in Miami, I am fortunate to take frequent business trips to Philly and was determined to stop by.
My dad and I arrived at Resurrection about 9pm; the place was calmly busy and had a great vibe.  All the staff were extremely nice, and very knowledgeable about both the food and the beer.  Luckily there were 4 more orders of fried chicken (2 more once we were done) so that was a no brainer.  We also had a pork belly sandwich as well as a homemade bread with an heirloom tomato spread, topped with arugula and manchego.  
The chicken: by far met expectations (which were lofty) and raised the bar for any future fried chicken that I will ever have.  I am normally a breast guy, but these thighs were phenomenal.  So tender and moist with an incredible skin.  The chicken was just impeccably executed and the honey drizzle totally set it off.  The side was a watermelon salad: large chunks of ripe watermelon mixed with small pieces of rind (for a great crunch).  It was finished off with a little bit of olive oil, sea salt and basil.  I've never been a big fan of watermelon salads, as I find that the flavors are rarely balanced.  Not the case here, it was perfect, and a great complement to the chicken.
Pork belly sandwich:  Perfectly braised and rendered, the pork belly was exquisitely succulent.  The hoisin and thinly sliced radish went extremely well with the flavor of the pork.  I was apprehensive about the bun, which looked too large for the pork; I thought it would overwhelm the sandwich.  Fortunately the lightness of the bread made it work.  The hand-cut fries on the side were great (and I am very picky when it comes to fries) as was the chipotle aoli.
Bread with heirloom tomato spread:  Seems like a simple dish, right?  The cool tomato spread appeared to be rendered down heirlooms, but I am not totally sure how they made it.  Whatever it was, it had such an intense and rich flavor.  Layered on the crusty homemade bread and topped with peppery arugula and manchego it was a fantastic combination.
Don't miss the chocolate cake, which was super moist and server with a salty caramel.  A great finish to a glutinous dinner.
All in all a phenomenal meal; I'll be sure to work in a visit to RAH on all future Philly trips.I had a very chill Friday night at the bar here.  Prices are a bit high-ish for Philly (about $5.50 - 6.50), but I thought the beers were pretty quality, although lacking in quantity on draft.  The bartender was very knowledgeable and friendly.  I expected a bit of snobbery from the bartender given the hip-ness of the place, but she helped recommend and gave small tastings to my friends and I when we couldn't decide.  The crowd here was a bit strange - beautiful hip people and awkward older people.  One young guy running for city council came up to us and gave us a flier with his website and info on it, and while he was very respectful and did not harp on us, I could see that this might bother other people.I had always heard people rave about the fried chicken from this local pub. So I finally made it. And the fried chicken is all that, and a bag of amazing fried cornbread. This dark neighborhood pub isn't large or fancy, but it's perfectly sized and comfortably casual with just enough seating for about 30 in the dining room plus the cool upper bar space that affords you a birds' eye view of the downstairs bar... And a good views to scope it's patrons. But the cozy bar isn't enough to bring me back. Good thing the great menu and well-prepared food is. Aside from the fried chicken,  we had the artichokes on polenta, which had excellent flavors and textures (and taste) that went well together. We also had the hash which is not typically my fave but I loved it here. Service is friendly and prices are good. A win-win-win all around.Oh I wanted to like Resurrection so much more.
My ceci broccoli rabe sandwich was good but not exactly as hoped for. (I was hoping for panelle which is awesome and amazing) but got instead perfectly okay. That though is entirely on me. My Bloody Mary was tasty. 
My friend doesn't eat pork or much meat so chose the farro with mushrooms and kale. She liked it enough, but found it overpriced for essentially wheat berries, mushrooms and greens. 
So why a 3 star instead of the 4 I originally expected to give?
1. My friend asked if they could add some cheese to her farro. The server said he would ask but that the chefs sometimes got snippy because their dishes are "perfect" as they are. And I get it. If I brought wagyu to the barbecue and someone put a Kraft single on it I might die a little. But we're talking about farro and mushrooms. And at the end of the day if someone wants Velveeta on their steak, it's none of my damned business. PS - there was no cheese added to the dish. 
2. Before we packed up to leave I ask the very very nice server to order me a burger to go for the abandoned husband at home. Which is when I was informed that they don't do take out. Especially not on Sunday. And listen, if I called and you told me this, sure I would be disappointed but I would understand. I'm sitting at the bar, there are plenty of bar seats and the more I order the more the restaurant and my server make. Thankfully my server wasn't a complete tool and I ordered a burger. On a plate.  And upon arrival the server gave me a box for the burger with a wink. 
Listen Resurrection, your food is good but we aren't talking about end all be all. When someone wants to buy that food you are supposed to be happy! That's the whole point of operating a restaurant/gastropub. Once you figure this out I'll bump you up a notch.Sat at the bar tonight and had some AWESOME food.  The apps were octopus with grapes, and green garbanzo beans over polenta.. both were amazing.  perfectly balanced and delightful.  the whole point of a restaurant is that you're elevated to taste something you wouldn't create at home.. and BAM, that's what we had.  such a lovely surprise.  We shared the homemade sausage sandwich on an english muffin with roasted red peppers.. and the some of the best fries I've EVER had.. with a unique dipping sauce with a hint of curry.  bartender was a little busy so service was a tad slow, but still friendly and warm.  am thrilled to now live in a neighborhood where I can walk a few blocks to a place of this caliber.  Philly at its best.  GO!!!While the beer selection is good, it is hard to know much about the beer.  The prices are not listed, the size of the pour is not listed, the style is not listed.  So, I asked for a taster, and guess what ... their policy is no tasters.
How many Hartranft and Maida places will I have to go to until I learn?
While their bar concept seems cool, they are very unfriendly to customers.  In addition  to not getting to taste a beer before I buy it, their pours are light.  My goblet was almost half foam.  I am not at a frat house, dude.  And I just forked over $6.
Food was decent, but really took a long time.  This is not that big of a place, but some of our dishes took exceedingly long to show up.
If this was 10 years ago, I would have given a better review.  But Philly has come a long way, and there are way too many places that have good beer, treat you better, have great food, and better service.
If this place comes up on your possible list, move down to the next selection.Seriously, the best burger I've had in Philly! (and this is coming from a gal who grew up in the Midwest, where burgers rule)  Great beer selection too.  I need to frequent this neighborhood gem more often!First and most likely last trip to Resurrection Ale House. This is going 
to be a long one so stay with me fair reader.
I am vacillating between "A Tale of Two Rare Burgers" and "The Tell-Tale Burger" for the title of this one.  
Beautiful Friday night, stopped in for dinner. We have been dieing to get over here - Memphis Taproom and Local 44 as a pedigree? Sign me up!
Atmosphere is great, nice decor, great addition to the neighborhood. 
We were promptly sat at a nice and cozy table (6:15ish). Our waitress brought menus, water and gave us time to check it all out. They are making some changes to their menu and she filled us in on the all the additions and subtractions. 
I got a hand pumped beer, which I knew was going to take a while, no problem. We order. (6:30ish) Two sandwiches and a starter. The wife also orders a glass of wine. 
Out starter was the Falafel. It did take a while to come out, but they were pretty full so I can see the kitchen getting backed up. In the mean time wife had to ask again for her wine. The starter landed around 6:45 and was damn good. Piping hot and yummy. We are saying "ok the kitchen is a little backed up but the food is coming out hot, no worries".
Here is where things go downhill. 
Our mains were a pork sandwich special and a burger: temperature medium. The arrived at around 7:30. That's an hour and 15 since we sat down. For a burger. And a pork sandwich. 
The wife had the pork sandwich and I have to admit it was great, tasty, juicy. The burger, which was ordered "medium" was bloody. And I mean like horror movie bloody. I cut it in half and the blood immediately soaked the bun. That is NOT medium. So totally contrary to my normal, dining out MO, I tell the waitress "I'm terribly sorry but I ordered this as medium, would it be possible to have to put back on the grill?". She looked at it, said no problem at all, and took it back to the kitchen. She came back a second later and said "the chef is going to re-do this for you, and they will get it out ASAP." I said, wow how nice, thanks. 
So another 20 minutes go by. I know burgers take a little while, no problem. 
It comes out. Exactly the same as before. Bloody..
Waitress comes back. "Is it better this time". I say "no, so sorry but it's exactly the same". Here is where things really nose dive. 
She tells me that the second burger, which mind you is just as rare as the first, is actually their MID-WELL! Now, I'm no bobby flay but I know that mid-well is slightly pink in the center. That was the last straw. Oh and also being told to please not let this affect the tip since she is "just the messenger" and "she didn't cook the food." 
To their credit, they did offer to buy us desert, which would have been nice had I eaten an entre at all. I said I think I'm going to pass thanks, so they took out starter off the bill. That is the only thing keeping this at 2 stars instead of one.
I debated whether or not to post this, since they did take it off the bill and buy us an app, but I emailed the owner/manager with my concerns and her response took all the questions on if I should or not out of it. Same attitude as I got in the restaurant - I am wrong, a medium burger is bloody (due to the "fat picking up the color")? And I should have ordered the burger differently, so it's my fault. So which is it - I didn't order it right or it wasn't really rare? WTF? What ever happened to the customer is always right?  
With all the GREAT gastro-pub style restaurants in the neighborhood I don't see the reason to go here. Between the slow service and being flat out lied to and condescended by the staff I'll see one of the others.Great local spot! I just moved into the neighborhood and my parents have probably been here about 5 times in the past month. My dad always raves about the burger. They have a tremendous beer selection and a great vibe. Really impressive seasonal menu also. Definitely worth a stopFew places combine value, taste, and ingenuity like Resurrection, and few restaurants leave me this excited to go back.  Situated down a long dark stretch of Grays Ferry Ave, Resurrection is located a ways away from the bustling restaurants around Rittenhouse and Fitler Sq.  Good thing too, the dark and quiet environment dissuades the less adventurous well-to-do crowds from clogging this place, and the neighborhood keeps the prices down.  
The restaurant itself isn't too big.  With a nice bar and about 10 tables total, it's more conducive to intimate dinners and drinks than other establishments like Parc.  Resurrection has a bit of a Brooklyn hipster feel, but it doesn't take itself too seriously.  While soccer plays on the TV, the music was definitely 90's top 40's.  The combination makes the place feel almost homey and definitely welcoming.  I didn't want to leave.  As the name suggests, there is a great selection of beer here.  The waiter was very knowledgable about each one, and we tried two we'd never heard of - Baltic Thunder and V12.  Both were delicious and only $5 each!!  
For our meal, we chose the pan-seared cod and the tagliatelle with fried duck egg.  I was served two large pieces of perfectly cooked cod.  It was moist, flaky, and extremely fresh.  It came on a bed of lightly sauteed celery and citrus slices, with a creamy almond sauce on top.  Well-balanced, subtle, and delicious.  My bf's pasta came tossed in brown butter, duck fat, pine nuts, and sage.  It was so aromatic and decadent, my bf really cleaned his plate (no pine nut left behind).  
I really fell in love with this place.  For those willing to venture out of the main Center City stretch and walk down some less than well-lit streets, the rewards are incredible.  This is definitely my most exciting culinary discovery in awhile.I stopped in on a Monday evening in September for food and beer, after reading the online reviews.  It's better.
First, this place has a draft beer selection that will please most beer lovers.  The avid hophead can find something great along with the rest of us who want selection and quality. (Would you like a black lager with that?)  Beer prices were very reasonable due to the longer happy hour.
I couldn't try the chicken because they fry in peanut oil.  That's OK.  I had the pork chop.  
If they served pork chops in heaven, this is the recipe they would use.  The combination of savory pork, delightful corn succotash, and sweet chutney, stacked in a little gourmet pyramid were spectacular.  Presentation was elegant and every - single - bite - was satisfying.  
If I had one complaint, it would be that the place is very small and they're picky about where customers sit.  Nevertheless, food and beer make this place a gem of a restaurant, near Naval Square in Philadelphia.  I will be back.First time to Resurrection on Friday...and the place was JAMMED, definitely a good sign of what was to come, but if you are starving hungry and don't get seated right away you should prepare to wait a bit. I wouldn't come here with a big group (more than 4) on a weekend. 
The twice fried chicken and the burger were super tasty. I don't know if I'd get the pickled veggies again, but it was a nice starter. 
The twice fried chicken was super tasty. (had to put that in again)
On more note on the crowd...for such a hoppin place, the bartenders really kept things running smoothly. We were sitting at the bar section on the upper level and had a bird's eye view of the whole room, and everyone looked like they were enjoying themselves.
I definitely want to come back on a weeknight when things are little more subdued and get some more menu tasting in.Checked out Resurrection for brunch this morning. As my friends and I discussed the politics of squatters, and why they suck, we enjoyed a few items off the varied and veggie-friendly menu. While I typically scoff at scones, I found their black currant scone with creme fraiche and fruit preserves to be the first scone I'd ever consider paying money for. I'll keep stealing the less inferior ones.
Since I've been on a steak kick lately, I opted for the Steak (and Eggs) Frites. The grilled hanger meat came with perfectly runny sunny-side-up eggs and the hand cut fries were of the crispy, less potato filled variety. While it's not my favorite fry, I thoroughly enjoyed theirs.
My friend ordered the roasted cauliflower dish with sweet and sour onions. Yo, this was great. As were the 'Taters and 'Snips: crispy potatoes and parsnips with queso fresco and romesco sauce.  Double win there.
The biscuits and gravy looked fantastic, but my friend threatened to cut me if I dared dig in. They must have been good. 
Overall, fantastic brunch menu (they even have huevos rancheros!) and I can't wait to try more. Brendan, if you're reading this, could you please make a beef stew and call me when it's ready?I'll get my comment about the general lack of vegetarian food out of the way.  There wasn't much.  I actually had to ask the waitress what my options were.  There were a few, but most of them involved ordering _______ but minus the meat.  I decided on the broccoli rabbe and ceci bean sandwich.  I was happily surprised.  It's an open faced sandwich of deliciousness served with french fries.  My friends all got the fried chicken which apparently was amazing.  I took their word for it.
The inside of the restaurant was nice and spacious.  There was no wait for a table for 5 of us during happy hour.  Drinks were good and on special.  Service was friendly and attentive.  My only other complaint is that it was cold.  I mean really really COLD in there.  As much as I hated doing it, I had to eat dinner in my puffy down coat.  I feel like it must have been 50 degrees in there.  I will return, but in the summer when it's warmer.You'll come for the chicken but fall in love with everything else!!! 
I have been to resurrection twice.  The first time was a Sunday afternoon and we came to try the hyped-up chicken and that is all we got (rookie mistake).   It's not the "in your face spiciness" and super rich crust  that you may find in some typical soul food places but the light honey drizzled crust is awesome and the portion size was perfect (although on our second visit it seemed the size of the 2 pieces of chicken was MUCH smaller).  They also pair it with  watermelon cubes seasoned with Basil which is a refreshing match for all of the fried chicken goodness.  
BUT THERE IS MORE THAN JUST CHICKEN........
There were 6 of us for our next visit and due to the limit of 3 orders of chicken per table, we tried the awesomeness that is the small plates side of the Resurrection menu!!! A plate of pickled veggies (beets, pickles, cherries and watermelon rind) was a nice starter, although the cherries are an acquired taste. Figs and Prosciutto are what you would expect. The Octopus braised in red wine over collard greens and potatoes made one friend exclaim, "This is the most perfectly cooked octopus I have ever had!", (he wasn't kidding!)  The Grilled spicy shrimp over White gazpacho was extremely spicy and full of flavor, it is definitely to be shared as the heat factor is high.  The BLT with mascarpone was also well received. The desserts were a mix, with the cheesecake being overcooked but the cookie plate with a  whipped marscarpone and chocolate fig for dipping was the perfect ending!Swallowed my pride and went back. I'm a bigger person than a burger or at least I like to think so. I can't help but support a neighborhood business that isn't outwardly evil. 
Had the fried chicken. It was OK, tasty but nothing setting the world on fire. I really, really just don't get hype about it. 
The felafel was really good again. An extra star for that dish. 
I wasn't brave enough to order a burger again. 
Service was OK to good. Food was OK to good. 
I'm going to pretend that I am cool with what happened. You guys be cool too and we are all good. Don't burst my bubble Resurrection Ale House.I know, I know. How many times am I going to remind you that I grew up on the fringe on Graduate Hospital before it was cool and hip? You know, when there were still hypodermic needles and hookers on the corner, not restaurants with things like pistachio puree on the menu (side not, would it not be entirely cool if in homage to the way the neighb used to be, they served the puree tableside through a hypodermic?)
We went last night for a little dinner and some drinks. Unfortunately we were both sad to see that although indicated on the website, the cask beer was not Old Speckled Hen (our beer of choice), but something with blueberries instead. Womp Womp. I'm not a huge fan of anything blueberry having to do with alcohol or really anything having to do with blueberries unless they are fresh and I am eating them in Maine. I'm a blueberry purist I guess. 
He settled on an Ommegang, which he liked and I had a glass of Pinot Noir (really I don't drink beer regularly, which in Philadelphia makes me a bad person, but my Euro roots much prefer copious amounts of vino tinto, if you will). The wine was fine, but it was at that point where I again had to remind myself that the new builds I was staring at through the window had everything to do with this mediocre glass of wine costing ten bucks. If the old crack houses were still there, it would have only cost 3-4 dollars and I would have been more pleased.
We ordered the beet salad to start which was about 8 pieces of red and golden beets over the infamous pistacho and "meyer lemon" puree. I'm sorry, there was no acid in that puree. Maybe they forgot it this time. I was underwhelmed by the nature of the beets and thought they weren't as tender as I would have liked. 
The shining moment for me was my sandwich - --- tuna braised in olive oil served on a baguette with olives, hard boiled egg, and white anchovies (le favourite). Crack houses or ten dollar glasses of wine, I felt like I could have been sitting anywhere (probably Barcelona) enjoying my delicious sandwich and drinking my wine. But then I opened my eyes and was back in the sea of Penn Students talking about Joni Mitchell like they discovered her yesterday. 
Hub's sandwich was good, minty hanger steak, but it gave him indigestion in the middle of the night, which is never a good thing. 
Too expensive for a little gastropub in the neighb. Walk down the street to Grace where a glass of wine costs 5 dollars and the burgers are the best in the city.Great value for the money.  Its a homey corner bar I'd gladly go back to.  The fried chicken is quite good, with a taste of honey.  We loved the mussels and pumpkin risotto.  Pork belly was good, not great.  Dollar for dollar, its a winner.I stopped in here late on a Thursday night for a few beers after going to the Night Market, and to Sidecar.  There was nice selection of beers on tap for beer week.  My favorite was the Summit Red Ale.  
The bartender was really friendly and helpful.  The crowd was pretty chill, definitely a different atmosphere than Sidecar which is just a few blocks away.
I'll have to return for the food, and now I have another bar on my list in the neighborhood.Amazing food, appalling service.
We used to come to this place for dinner about once a week, but the service over the years has been so bad that after our last visit we vowed we wouldn't return.  In a city with so many other great restaurants (The Mildred is our current favorite), bad service will always trump good food.  
The Food:
The kitchen consistently turns out some of the best food in the city.  The fried chicken attracts the most praise (deservedly), but the rest of the menu is equally good.  Really great food.  
The Service:     
Probably the worst service in the city.  We've had more bad experiences at this place than at any other spot.
When my wife asked, "Do you have a Riesling," the server answered with a sneer, "Actually, we specialize in beer."  Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh, so you're one of those ale houses that specializes in ale and what not.  Watson and I actually deduced as much from the name of your fucking restaurant, but sometimes people feel like a glass of wine, even in an ale house.    
When my wife followed up with, "The chardonnay is sweet though, right," the server replied, "We don't serve sweet wines."  First, if I wanted a riddle instead of an answer, I'd order from fucking Mxyzptlk.  Second, you have an oaked chardonnay on the menu, which is pretty fucking sweet by any standard, so on top of being patronizing and not answering someone's question, you don't even know the god damn menu.  Finally, it would be easier to take your sophistication seriously, Countess, if you didn't have a tattoo of a fucking Pontiac Fiero on your arm.  
But you're obviously much too sophisticated to do the job you're being paid to do.  Fuck it though, right?  You dropped out of art school, and you don't have to take shit from anyone.  
While we're on the subject, can we all just separate this hierarchy of taste bullshit from the pleasures of eating and drinking.  With apologies to Duke Ellington, if it tastes good, it is good, and taste is personal.  If someone has a higher threshold for residual sugars, it doesn't mean he just stepped out of the cornfield from Hee-Haw, projeckin' with flowers and shit.This place has a great menu with lots of starters that are great for splitting. The menu evolves every six weeks. And forget those haters telling you the service sucks. We had a delightful young lady last night who treated us very, very well. They've also got a nice beer list (the Monk's Flemish Ale is only $5!), and a simple wine list that's affordable and not ostentatious. Keep up the good work, guys.A pretty solid lunch experience. I will definitely have to come back for the drinking and the dinner, as it appears I may up my review as a result. 
It's a cute spot, and a cute set-up for lunch with friends or for drinking. We probably picked a good table for drinking to do our eating (it was a little tiny) prior to realizing that there were some booths in the back. Our waitress was sweet but seemed a little frazzled, though she did explain things well and warn me that my pan e tomate may be a smaller portion than I wanted (but turned out to be perfect). The chorizo was a great addition. The man's chicken sausage sandwich was yummy, and I'm not a big fan of cherries and meat. And the fries! Very yummy. 
There's a but...but I'm not sure what it is. I feel like each dish was good, but not overwhelmingly awesome. But they all hit the spot, and it was a lovely lunch. Looking forward to coming back for some beer.Cafe Soho and Federal Donuts are great in their own ways, but Resurrection makes the best Southern-style fried chicken I've tried in Philly. It's crunchy and nicely browned on the outside, juicy on the inside, and even better dipped in honey, just as it should be. If you'll pardon the New York reference, it reminds me of the excellent fried chicken at Blue Ribbon. 
Fried chicken aside, my boyfriend and I had a lovely dinner at Resurrection on a Monday night. The place wasn't very crowded, so we got plenty of attention (but not in an awkward way) from our friendly server. After listening to my likes and dislikes, he suggested a great ale from the well-curated draft beer list. In addition to generous samples of the fried chicken, I had the mushroom tartine, which was a bit salty but otherwise tasty. 
Looking forward to trying other menu items in the future, if I can resist the fried chicken!Great food and great beer!  We went to have the fried chicken, and it did not disappoint.  Also make sure to try a few bar snacks.  We had the tomato salad and fresh clams.  Delicious.It's finally happened! The combo of a great bar guy and and awesome chef. That's how you partner to open a bar. Former Cocos Alchemist and a former Starr Chef. Resurrection has become Devils Pocket (google that and the name gets better). Under this management the place has no choice but to be a go to spot in the city. Opened on 10/21 and I'm already planning my second stop.I have just one thing to say. The fried chicken here is the best I've ever had. Twice fried chicken, uber crispy amazing delectable outside, incredible silky soft  tender inside. Just the way fried chicken should be. Did I mention the spiced honey that comes with it, drizzled on the plate? Outrageously good. The perfect little spicy note. My friend and I split the dish, and I must admit, I coulda inhaled both pieces, but it was a good exercise in moderation. 
I cannot give this place 5 stars because the warm german potato salad that came with the chicken was not on the same level with that chicken. First it wasn't warm. And it was too doused in vinegar and did no justice whatsoever to the potatoes. Maybe this overkill with the vinegar is a German tradition? But I suspect not. 
Couple more notes - we shared a special of the night as an appetizer, this scallop dish sprinkled with vanilla bean salt and served with grapefruit and fennel. So simple and fresh and palate cleansing, this was a true joy to eat. Silky scallop bite with perfectly tangy grapefruit and crispy fennel made for one great mouthful. I could probably eat a very large serving of this dish but in the summer. 
We also had a side of fries but I am just not a fan of curry mayonnaise. 
Beer selection was good but we didn't experiment too much, I was not quite in the beer mood. 
Overall, great neighborhood joint, unpretentious, cozy, reasonably priced fare. I only wish we had more of these cute places in DC.I've tried sandwiches/burgers here and they were all right.  Not amazing.
Great beer selection though.Wow, what a difference! After my good, but not stellar, experience with the brunch menu (and the subsequent email I received from Resurrection in response to my review) I have been eagerly awaiting my next opportunity to visit Resurrection. The only requirement was that it had to be for dinner. Four of us showed up around 8pm and were immediately seated. Half the table was vegetarian/vegan and I have to say that the options on the Resurrection menu were quite impressive. No mixed pasta and veggie dish or standard frozen veggie burgers here! We started with a round of beers all priced at $5, even a great Espresso Stout, and two plates of the fingerling potatoes. They were good for sure but I think next time I need to have those pickles! 
For dinner we all got something different so I was able to try four/five more dishes and can honestly say that the menu is well organized and very well executed. 
I ordered the soup of the day, a warm potato and tomato soup with a ham broth, and the pan con tomate (grilled homemade bread with tomato, manchego and sweet chorizo). The soup was flat out awesome and I spent the second half of the meal trying to reclaim my spoon from my boyfriend who it's important to mention does not particularly enjoy soup! The pan con tamate was more like two bruschetta pieces with tomato, cheese, sliced chorizo and a lot of greens on top. It was a little hard to eat but a nice simple side to the more profound soup.
The others ordered the famous fried chicken, which is exactly as good as they advertise it to be. The veggie friendly pumpkin risotto, which was good but you definitely get the sweet kick from the Amaretti crumbs so be sure to expect that. And finally, the Roasted Miatake Mushroom dish which was a big hit but I was told that the dish was not as filling as one would hope. 
The final tab was up around $100 for four people to eat dinner, have a couple of rounds of beers and share a couple of apps. I will most definitely be returning again soon for dinner, drinks and to try more of that great evening menu!I have no idea why I'm not here more often, because it's a three-second walk from my apartment and it is awesome. This situation needs to be rectified immediately. There is no reason why I shouldn't be a regular here.
As of late, I haven't been a huge drinker. Accordingly, while I've had a few great beers here, I couldn't tell you much about them except to say that they have a solid beer selection. As for the food? I could rave about the fried chicken, the lentil sloppy joe (which I think they took off the menu), the rock shrimp risotto, the greens... it's all great. But in my world, the true litmus test of greatness lies in the french fries. This place has ridiculously good french fries.
One of my favorite aspects of Resurrection is that it's so versatile. You can relax with friends at the tables in back, bring a casual date and sit by the window, or hang out at the bar with your brother. Regardless, the service is always friendly, attentive, and more than happy to help you decide which of the tempting dishes to order.I live literally around the corner from this place but I have not been there since it was Yellow bar - which was horrible. 
So myself and my gf decided to try it out. We got there around 630 and it was not that packed. We sat at the bar and ordered some food. Nothing crazy - a panini, burger and a tomato bread app. 
45 mins past before any food showed up. When the food did show up they forgot our app. When the app came I saw the tomato bread is literally bread with a tomato sauce on it and then slices of chorizo. Nothing of which involves cooking yet it took over 45 mins to get it. 
The burger was pretty good  - as was the tomato bread despite the wait. The beer list on tap is very good and most beers are $4-$5. 
I am willing to give it a chance because I am sure it was a fluke with the kitchen messing up.Thursday afternoon, cant believe its this empty. We had the fried chicken (best in city to date, honey, a little heat, and very crunchy, on point)with watermelon salad, pan con tomato (great tomato pie with arugula, manchego, and chorizo), fries with curry ketchup (nice dipping sauce). Cindy was bartender and very attentive and knowledgable.
About 10 beers on tap, including bear republic cask. I had Ommegang rare Vos (belgian style ale, very drinkable), the bartender recommended  half acre daisy cutter, bitter tasty pint(s). Will have both again, looking forward to return visit.This is an intimate, friendly up-scale neighborhood pub that was comfortable and clean. Met a friend there Thurs. night. Bartender was right on with his helpful selection of beers. ummm...can't remember the name of the one he chose for me (I love the white wheats) , but they had a great selection. The only thing that was a bit off-putting was that bartender wouldn't give my friend a taste of a triple hop beer. For crying out loud - charge for samples if you must. So we stuck with what we had and just selected a few very pricey but delicious appetizers to share. The Pan con tomate, fingerling potatoes (about a dozen fries for $8? are you serious?) and the Falafel - Tahini yogurt & jalepeno little balls of crunchy delights were fabulous - but all were really small portions. After spending about $48 ea (5 beers between the 2 of us)- I went home and  had a bowl of corn flakes. Although I gave it 4 stars, I can't say "Yay I'm a fan" but I really like the place.I never hang out in this part of town and didn't know what to expect as a group of us trudged down Gray's Ferry to some obscure corner after observing the crowded, sweaty atmosphere in Grace Tavern on a Friday night.  Upon stepping in I was already pleasantly surprised.
Resurrection is pleasantly modern, not full of hipsters, and a fairly busy but still relaxed place.  Our server was a guy who used to work at now-defunct 1601 and he did a great job, as he always had.  The beer selection is really nice and they have a number of things (e.g. several offerings from Russian River) that aren't often seen elsewhere.  I had some kind of IPA and a Duvel for $6 each, the latter being quite a low price for that and I think it was some sort of special.  The beer menu is also very pleasing to look at graphically.  Who cares about that really but the whole place is like that and it's nice.  Pleasing decor, etc.
Half of us had the chicken and chorizo ragu sandwich and I enjoyed that quite a bit.  It is true that the food may be a couple bucks less expensive at other places but I don't think the prices are unreasonable and the sandwich was substantial in size, and very flavorful.  The fries were not the best "ever" but still really good and what I liked even more was the dipping sauce that came with it.  I can't recall what's in it (I keep thinking bourbon) and it has a distinctive taste that is unlike both ketchup and mayonnaise.
One person in the party got a plate of mini cupcakes which I didn't try but they were artfully presented--except for two in the middle which may have been frosted while too hot so the frosting fell.  Certainly I wouldn't lower Resurrection's rating for such a thing but just saying---wait for those things to cool thoroughly before frosting them.
I will definitely be back here the next time I want to venture outside my Passyunk Square cage!The only time I fully dined here I had the mushroom dish. AMAZING. I forced my boyfriend (who hates anything remotely healthy, I swear) to have a bite. Like, there was a bit of a fight it was so good, that's how much I NEEDED him to taste it. I know he loved it but he absolutely refused to comment because he is a stubborn child.  (:  Anyway, we had appetizers (shrimp--also great) so I was getting a bit full and my friend's boyfriend happily devoured the rest of my plate while I watched in jealousy.
Now I know this place is devoted to ales, but my one major issue is that they don't (or at lest at the time) have Rose's Lime Juice. And since I'm a wimp that's the only lime I want in my vodka gimlet (rox plz).
Butttt good all in all.I love this neighborhood gem. They have good quality food and their servers are always super nice. Their beers are kind of pricey if you don't make it in for happy hour but they have a great rotating selection. I recommend their burger and their wings. I prefer the Ale House Wings over the other kind they offer but you have to be a dry rub fan. The place is great for a date or drinks with friends. It's charming and homey - the perfect Grad Hospital spot.Just moved to the neighborhood and after a long day of unpacking we were looking for somewhere local to get a hearty meal. We headed off to the Resurrection Ale house and it was an excellent choice. Decor is simple and very nice. On a Tuesday night there was plenty of room for the two of us to snag a nice big table. Service was a little weird--when we said we didn't want any more drinks he continued to recommend beers to us for a while--but the food was excellent. Particularly the carrot frotage, which we gobbled up in about 90 seconds even though it was a hot soup on a hot day. I could eat that three meals a day and be a happy lady. We also got the fried chicken (deemed excellent by my partner) and the mushroom melt (mushrooms were a little rubbery for my taste). Overall a very successful night, and we'll definitely be back.I live nearby so I've been here a handful of times, and I recommend it to anyone looking for fancy pub fare. The service can be a little weird sometimes (I was once matter-of-factly told that no, I could not omit the picked onion from my cheeseburger, without any explanation), but the calamari and twice-fried chicken are delicious.  There's always at least one interesting, favorful beer on tap that I really enjoy, and even though it can get a little loud, it's a great place to chill out and enjoy the decor and atmosphere. However, overall I prefer the service and prices of Grace and Sidecar.I have been dying to try this fried chicken for a very long time, and it lived up to every last recommendation.  How can you make something already as good as super-crispy, juicy fried chicken better?  By coating it in a gooey sweet and sour tangy honey, that's how.  
I didn't care all that much how the rest of the food was because I was so lost in the chicken, but I ended up glad my girlfriend got the fries, because they were insanely good as well, crispy and salty and just right, with that curry mayo dipping sauce.My husband and I ventured down to Resurrection Ale House this past Friday to meet some friends who rave about it! It was crowded, but we easily got seats at the bar. We were starving and although the food took awhile, I was pleased. I ordered the chopped chickpea sandwich (honestly, I never have met a chickpea I don't like) and my husband had the pork carnitas. His was way better than mine, but mine may have simply needed a little acid in the mixture of the chopped chickpea spread. I would definitely go back again - the menu looks great!Brussel sprouts caramelized with bacon and apple butter were amazing. Went with 5 people, service was a little slow, but everyone really enjoyed their food.Went on a Friday about 8:45 or so.  We waited about 30 min and they accommodated us for a table of 6.  Not too shabby.  Like it's sister bar Local 44 in University City, Resurrection focuses on good craft beers and gastropub fare.  I did like the beer list and everything on draft is reasonably priced at $4-$5.  They also had a nice bottle list.  I had the beef shank sandwich with caramelized onions, Gorgonzola cheese and hot peppers.  It looked damned messy to eat with hands so I ended up doing it up with the fork and knife.  Pretty tasty.  Great fries.  Admittedly, there were some mixed reviews from others about their food.  Some people complained that they thought the menu would be more bar-ish, i.e. more finger foods if desired.  They don't seem to have wings or anything of the like if that's what you're into.  The service was good.  We had 11 by 10:30 or so and we were able to fit everyone at the table somehow!The ambience of the place gets 4 stars.  Lots of people pop in from the neighborhood, and it's super quaint when they open their window/door things to let in air, and the waiters are really really nice
But....
the food is just okay.  maybe 3 stars.  I really don't think it earns the distinction (?) of gastropub.  Just pub, with a little bit of pretension, but not enough to be annoying.So, so, SO good!! The perfect spot for a guaranteed good meal in a chill, cozy atmosphere.  I am normally a pinot grigio snob, so I was a little scared by the tiny wine list, but I went for the "peachy, crisp" Bianco - oh so delish!! I wanted the whole freakin' bottle.  Seriously. 
Apps: Homemade Mozzarella - all kinds of delicious of delicious flavors (the mozz is perfectly seasoned), the perfect amount of olive oil, and the bread had the right amount of grilled-ness! Wait for it....the Pork Belly & Grits - GET IT.  SO amazingly good. I wanted more. 
Entrees: Fried Chicken - heard it was amazing; it was.  Didn't love the potato salad (too vinegary for me).  Tagliatelle Carbonera - very light, subtle, and delicious!
There were lots of things that I wanted to try on the menu, but to be honest, I will continue to go back again and again and again for that pork belly & grits and the fried chicken!! 
Winner, winner, chicken dinner!! : )i was really disappointed with the twice fried chicken.  I had such high expectations because of some of the glowing reviews on yelp but let's face it: it's just chicken. And it's not that good. $15 for two pieces of chicken?  That's kind of outrageous if you ask me!  There better be a fried egg on top or drizzled with truffle oil for that price!
I really thought the spicy honey drizzle lacked any heat and was really oily and flavorless.   I love German potato salad but  the German potato salad had waaaay too much vinegar, it was gross.  
I was looking forward to trying the watermelon salad that everyone mentioned, but at 7:00 pm on a Sunday night, they ran out of the salad.  Well, that's pretty annoying that you ran out of a major component in one of your most popular dishes.  It wasn't even busy in there!  And then our server says, we'll give you potato salad instead.  Umm isn't it supposed to  come with potato salad anyway?  
This place is overpriced and overrated.  Go to Federal Donuts for way better fried chicken at half the price!I was excited to hear about this neighborhood bar just a few blocks from me.  They sat us at a little marble table right near a huge open window and it was so nice outside.  We were waited on attentively and the servers were super nice.  
They had a nice draft last for sure, which I certainly partook of.  As for food, I went with the night's special, lamb neck tacos.  They were traditional-style and pretty tasty.  I was disappointed in the amount of filling and at the fact that it was full of thick cilantro stems.  I enjoyed my boyfriends dish a lot more when I tried it, the mushroom bahn mi.  I'll definitely be back and next time I'm going to try something off of the menu.Four words: Craft Beer Great Food.  If you like both of these, then the Resurrection Ale House is your spot.  I have been here a handful of times and each visit did not disappoint.  The craft beers on draft are reasonably priced and always rotating.  The atmosphere is super relaxed and the bartenders & servers are always great!  
The Food:  Some of my favorites are the Red Wine Braised Octopus with Chorizo & Potatoes. Wow, this is a perfect dish.  Nice char on the flavorful octopus with a fat element coming from the chorizo. Great combination.  The Burger is simple, yet very delicious. The curry-ketchup-mayo dipping sauce for the fries is bangin' .  They also offer a nice selection of Vegetarian options as well.  The desserts are also tasty and inventive. Chocolate "Charcuterie" and mini-cupcakes, yes! 
THE Fried Chicken: As much as I don't want to talk about the Fried Chicken, as this place has much more to offer, I feel obligated.  Yes, it tops my short list of Best Fried Chickens I have ever eaten. With its twice fried, extra crunchy skin and a honey sriracha drizzle...it is some tasty bird.  Note that they only make 24 orders a day and you can't order it for brunch.  On weekends, they start serving it at 3 pm until the kitchen closes OR until they sell out (usually the latter).  If you want it, just get there early enough.  It is definately worth it.
Overall, this is a place I wish were right next to my front door because I would be there all the time.  Alas, I will continue to make the journey here because I love those Four Words previously mentioned.  Craft Beer Great Food.
4 Stars.This is my first bad review. Went in here to get a beer before seeing a friend. They had a great selection but they wouldn't let us try the beer!! How am I going to spend money on a glass if I don't know I like it?  Disappointed. Wouldn't go back for food because of such a horrible service experience at the bar.Living 3/4 of a block away might make me a little biased, but since our first visit after moving into our new home, we were hooked.  Great beer on tap, awesome burgers and fried chicken, did I mention great beer?
The two-tiered bar is also very cool.  When its not busy my lady and I like to sit up top.  The service is also friendly.  Just a great overall vibe.
I must say that the brunch is not RAH's strong point, but we go anyway.  Its not bad, its just a step behind our other local, The Sidecar.  These two bars are like my kids (I don't have any real ones yet), I love them each equally but in different ways.
The RAH can get pretty busy on the weekend nights, so if you have a group and want to get some food, you will be well served to call ahead.  Otherwise, stop on by, maybe I'll see ya there.Finally had a chance to try the food at Resurrection, and I was not disappointed.  A friend and I shared the shrimp and grits, octopus, and the fried chicken.  Everything was really delicious.  The grits were creamy and buttery without being too rich, the octopus was tender and a super combination with the chorizo, and the fried chicken was crispy on the outside and tender on the inside.  I did not like the mashed potatoes because they came with some kind of brine mixed in, and I'm just not a pickle eater.  I'm glad I can cross the chicken off my list, and I definitely want to go back to try some more of the small plates.  Get here around 5:30 if you want to be seated right away.  The place filled up with young parents and their kids around 6:30.After reading the article in the June issue of Bon Appetit on the top 10 best places for fried chicken and being a holiday weekend, this seemed to be a perfect time to check out Resurrection Ale House. 
My friend who lives in 19125 had insider tip that the chicken sells out "quickly" so we made a point to get there early. We arrived 6:30ish and even before sitting at the table, I squealed, "I'll have the fried chicken". Good thing because only 5 orders were left. My friend ordered the chicken sausage sandwich, no complaints there. My fried chicken was so tasty, I think the honey drizzle really made it and the warm potato salad paired perfectly for a summer meal. Oh, along with the cold pilsner. 
Prices are reasonable and the menu has a decent amount of choices. Many items caught my eye but I was fixed on the chicken. The waitress was attentive and helpful. My friend aka beer snob seemed to be happy with the selection of beers.We went in for a beer and stayed for a long time!!  This is a great bar. Super low key, relaxed, clean, and well kept restaurant. We sat at the bar and were delighted to hear how knowledgable the bar tenders were about beer. We could ask them anything, and describe the flavors we enjoy and they had a great grasp on beer itself and what we may personally enjoy.  We initially were bummed that they do not give samples, but their recommendations were spot on. 
We didn't eat anything, but the food around us looked fantastic. Next time we will come with an appetite.This was my first time really exploring this part of Philly and it is really a nice area.  Resurrection Ale House is a little gem that I never even thought about coming to due to the location.  It was a nice day, so we decided to make the trek from the Italian Market area (took only about 30 min. walking).
It was a beautiful day, so they had the front window open and the breeze was blowing in.  It's a bright, cheerful place and really was just perfect for this kind of day.
The beer selection was pretty stellar with lots of seasonal brews.  The food was equally as stellar and the brunch fare included plenty of non-breakfasty items to satisfy those that aren't egg fans.
They had a special starter of eggs soaked in pickled beets with herbs and some kind of flavored, shaved salt on top.  Simple and delicious.  For main dish I had the Goat Cheese and Speck sandwich, which if you like goat cheese and prosciutto, would be right up your alley.  The flavors worked really well together.  My partner in crime had the Olive Oil Braised Tuna, which I had a small bite of- unique flavors and also very good.  
I like it when gastropubs stray from that typical sandwich lineup and offer things that are really innovative and different.  Resurrection did it very very well and I'm looking forward to going there again.I've been back here a few more times as many of my friends LOVE this place.  My boyfriend has now found a soft spot in his heart for the fried chicken, and looks for every excuse to head over this way.  I'm still looking for my perfect food.  The beer list still annoys me... but I'm trying to keep an open mind.  There's obviously something to it.Cool Sunday night with a mellow vibe. Sat at the bar, always recommended, and chatted with patrons and bar staff. Bad white wine selection. Even though it's a beer spot, there are so many great wines that are priced reasonably. Why have bad when you can have good? My issue with most Philly restaurants. The Pan con Tomate was so simple and amazingly delicious. We also started with the Roasted Veg Salad w/ beet puree. Interesting and pretty good. Finally, we had the fried chicken which was ridiculously good and drizzled with spicy honey! Only the bones remained. Totally worth it.The truth is I came here for the fried chicken. They were all out. I debated almost walking out of the restaurant right then and there, but something held me back...It was probably my barely sipped ice cold Franziskaner. 
I looked over the other menu choices, all looked good, good 'nuff - but not golden delicious fried chicken with spiced honey. Oh well, Marissa, snap out of it and find something else to eat! 
We started off with the mussels which were good, but nothing to write home about. For my entree, I finally decided on the grilled pork tenderloin with poppy seed spaetzle, mushrooms and paprika. The companion went with the braised pork shoulder sandwich. 
My pork tenderloin was amazing, it was moist and flavorful. It was in a wonderful sauce with mushrooms and some greens mixed in. I was really digging it, and for a few blissful moments forgot about my longing for the fried chicken. The spaetzle was a little weird, it went well with the dish but I just really couldn't figure out if I loved it or hated it, I think it was a texture thing. 
My companion devoured his pork sandwich without even offering me a measly morsel. But according to his grunts and moans while his mouth was full I take it that he rather enjoyed it. 
One of the most surprising highlights of this meal? The fries! They were freaking unreal. It tasted like a little truffle oil was included in there and then they were sprinkled with some zesty parmesan and herbs. The fry-fecta! 
The atmosphere of Resurrection Ale House is very cozy, like your neighborhood bar; nothing too fancy, just a nice big bar and a fairly small dining area. The staff is excellent, it looked like they had one waiter working the dining room and he did an excellent job of keeping us hydrated. I highly recommend it if you want some tasty grub and a good beer selection.  I'll be back...and you better have that darn fried chicken! :)Not for anyone with gray on their face
Very underwhelming. 
Food was blah
Overpriced
Wannabe hipster hangoutOne of the best bars in Philly.  I live down the street and was initially hesitant of another expensive fancy bar for all the elite naval square jerks to eat at.  
This place is amazing.
First of all, their beer selection is incredible.
They do not have a freezer on the premises so you know that you are getting fresh delicious food.
The servers are all adorable.
The menu is a wonderful mix of food from $5 to $25.  My favorite dish is the haloumi and arugula salad.  I have literally had dreams about that salad.
Also, it is super romantic inside and awesome for hanging out with friends or a date.Good food but for the love of God, the service sucks. If you go there knowing this, then you won't be disappointed. 
I shared the bacon brussel sprouts with apple butter and the pan con tomato. Both were very tasty. Also had the lamb burger which was cooked to perfection but I would like to try something else next time. Meal was a bit on the pricy side for 3 drinks, 2 apps, and one entree (think Pub & Kitchen prices) but it's not bar food you're getting.
One question remains: why the hell did they take the fried chicken off the menu??? I hope it makes a comeback.Resurrection Ale House may (RAH!) be somewhat out of the way for those that don't live that Grays Ferry neighborhood, but other than the fact that they are a locally well-recognized craft beer bar, RAH recently got national acclaim for its Twice-Fried Chicken from Andrew Knowlton from Bon Apptit!!! Kudos of Bon Appetit caliber? YAY! Fried Chicken DOUBLE YAY!! Delicious craft beers? YAYAYAY!!! ( because duh, this girl loves me some beers - especially IPAs - and the hoppier the better)
WHAT WE ATE
* Pan con Tomate: grilled homemade bread + tomato + manchego + sweet chorizo
We started with the very rustic bruschetta-like pan con tomate. Yummers. Pizza-like! Sort of. For me, the shredded manchego cheese was the best part. I don't know what it is about manchego, but it makes every dish taste so much better. I'm pretty sure this grilled bread and tomato concoction would have been pretty forgettable without it. The sweet chorizo was definitely an interesting addition and added a yummy contrast to the tart tomatoes and greens. Not a tastebud blower, but tasty and well executed.
*Hoisin Braised Pork Belly: ginger + radish + spring onion + hand-cut fries and dipping sauce
The thick cut of pork belly came resting on top of a soft delicious ciabatta bread, topped with thin slices of radish and spring onions. Everything was so soft and tender and juicy delicious. I did wish there was a teeny bit more hoisin sauce to add that tangy-ness to the sandwich, but overall it was wonderful. The hand cut fries were just okay. Unfortunately, they lacked the crispy crunchiness that makes fries so addicting and delectable. They did come with a very cool dipping sauce, though - it was a mix of ketchup, mayo and curry powder.... very memorable, very interesting and I liked it so much that I kept eating more of the "just-okay" fries to keep tasting the flavor. I don't think that it went particularly well with the Pork Belly sandwich itself, but it didn't detract from it.
*Twice Fried Chicken: drizzled with spiced honey + served with warm German-style potato salad
Aside from the obvious raving about the flavors and textures that will commence, I want to say that at $11, for 2 pieces of fried chicken thighs, this is really a great deal. The skin is soooo unbelievably crispy, but very thin and not overwhelming at all. It's like the perfect ratio of batter to meat and because it's dark meat, it's super flavorful on the inside as well as out.
The German-style potato salad was really like chunky mashed potatoes that had a very tart flavor to them. I think we weren't really ready or expecting the flavor to be quite what it was so I'm not sure I liked these. German style potatoes apparently include tart apples and cider vinegar, which as you can imagine, adds a substantial amount of sour/tartness to them. It was so different than any other mashed potatoes I have had and even further from the more conventional idea of potato salad we had in our minds. You certainly can't say it's boring though. The pickled okra resting on top complements the flavors of the potatoes. Haha, we did not finish the potatoes or the okra, but that might have been partly due to the fact that we had filled up on an appetizer and 2 IPAs each!They took the fried chicken off the menu. It's their signature dish! That takes a lot of confidence in your process. Resurrection has good reason. They get service, food quality, curating a good beer selection. I usually get greeted by the bartender whenever I come in. The quality of food here is so high considering the price. Small plates are generous and really good; so are the bigs. All under 20 bucks. The beer list, well you can check that out on the website. It's up to date in my experience, and speaks for itself.
Really my only gripe is that Resurrection is so much better than Local 44 and Memphis Taproom (all under same ownership). I don't understand why they can't sustain Resurrection-level quality.This place is obviously famous for the fried chicken, and rightly so. Yes please, I will have your twice fried chicken with a delicious/mystery honey sauce and vinegary mashed potatoes. And give me a delicious beer on the side. 
The only downside, this place can get a tad bit expensive for the standard "pub fare" if you're just looking to go out for a beer and some food. But really, it isn't "standard" pub fare, so I let the prices slide. I guess you could call it the hipster bar of G-Ho... sophisticated and with all the right eclectic craft beer to satiate even the pickiest. And really "hip" looking people smoking lots of cigarettes outside. That's what hipsters do, right? 
Brunch is alright, too, but I honestly prefer most of the other neighborhood spots over Resurrection for brunching. Try that croque madame, madams and sirs.Decent food, amazing beer.  Good atmosphere especially on warmer nights.I had a wonderful brunch here with my friends who live a few blocks away.  I was stopping through town with my boyfriend (we're in SF) and the four of us needed a quick brunch before our flight out.  I had an incredible fig jam/goat cheese sandwich and everyone else loved their dishes.  And my spicy Bloody Mary was perfecto!  
Best part - had 1/2 my sandwich wrapped up (yum, for later), but FORGOT it on the table.  The AMAZING waitress came running two blocks to get the sandwich to me.  We were in awe.  That is service.  
Will be back soon!i'm buried up to my eyeballs in bookmarks of places to review... yet it seems only fair that my first review of the new year is for the very first restaurant i patronized in 2010: resurrection ale house. 
if ever two people (or four, taking into account the friends we met up with) needed to rise up from the dead stupor caused by excessive NYE partying, we were it. for reals, people. 8pm may as well have been 8am the way we were carrying on with our lazy day of flipping between football games and mummers. the desire to remain on the couch unshowered was tempting...but the promise of good food, good ale and good company won out, and so we began our new year's day sojourn.
parking was easily found off of grays ferry...a welcome change of pace from the tough-to-park-for-free streets of center city. once inside, we were quickly welcomed by the warmth of the cozy space, our on-point bartender molly and a one-drink-in michelle C. while la fin du monde, amongst others from the extensive bottle & draught beer list, was calling my name, i opted for the lower ABV franziskaner hefe weisse, another personal fave. molly poured, spun and poured that bottle like the professional she is...twice actually, as michelle later ordered one for herself. i foolishly thought i had it in me to keep pace...but alas, only managed to nurse a single beer throughout the course of our night. yes, really!
when it came time to order food, i was overwhelmed with vegetarian options - each one sounding better than the next. taking molly's advice, i selected the roasted maitake mushroom which came served with a celery root puree, glazed carrots, hazelnut breadcrumbs and baby watercress salad. a lover of mushrooms, i had actually never had maitake before and was very pleasantly surprised with the taste and texture...not to mention the appearance. this single shroom looked leafy like an underwater coral, and was the size of a meatloaf - completely unique, and most importantly, delicious!
to top it all off, the entire time we were there, i had the sneaking suspicion someone had stolen my ipod and was playing it on shuffle. from belle & sebastian to the faint to neutral milk hotel to the talking heads...the music couldn't have been more ideal, for my taste at least.
i walked in a zombie...i walked out feeling revived...resurrected, even. happy new year!!Went here for the first time today.  I am very pleased to have a new place nearby.  We went for a late lunch and were excited about the menu.  Lots of veggie options for friends.  The decor was nice and filled with light.  Service was friendly but inconsistent.  There was 1 person waiting table and 1 person behind the bar but the bar tender seemed to be the only one working at any given time.  That meant they took forever to get our check, which always irritates me intensely.
Having said that, the entrees were very good.  The twice fried chicken was incredible.  Crispy, sweet, and pretty darn near perfect.  My chorizo and manchego omelette was also very tasty and exactly what i had been craving.  The tossed greens that came with the omelette was well dressed and had a nice vinegary dressing.  We started with the beet salad which was interesting.  The beets had nori in them, which wasn't completely satisfying.  
I would go back again to try more of the menu and to have a drink with friends.Went there to check out the fried chicken that made the cover of Philly Magazine.  I was very dissapointed with it.  Average fried chicken at best.  It was very greasy and would have been tasteless without the honey drizzle.  The appetizer selections are rather odd as well.  The bottled beer list is not that great either.  Most of the beer selections are from Belgium.  While Belgian beers are tasty there are many other good beers out there, especially US craft beers.I love this place because of the great beer selection, food and believe or not the lighting.  This is one of those bars that have natural light! On a nice day, the windows are open and you don't feel like you're sitting in a cavern.  Check for specials before you go (yesterday, they had Cantillon bottles for $13) and the open face butternut squash sandwich was amazing.  Their menu changes with the seasons and there's always an option for a vegetarian and vegan.This spot might be the best restaurant in the Grad Hospital neighborhood in Philly.  When it comes down to it, the kitchen is simply more talented than other popular local spots such as Side Car.  The food is generally very good, with a few outstanding options - the twice fried chicken in particular is everything it's said to be (although I must agree with recent criticism from local press that they are out of their minds to rotate it off their menu at times).  The beer list is great (a lot of good bottled options in addition to the taps) and the staff and barkeeps are quite knowledgeable.  Not only do they serve a solid dinner, but their brunch is surprisingly excellent.Took our best friends on a craft beer tour on Saturday.  The beer list was amazing and so was the food.  We have been here several times and always love it.  Our friends didn't stop talking about what a great ambiance, food, and beer selection this place provided.  Thanks for the Pliny the Elder, The Kipling, wings(amazing), and  baby artichokes.  It was bar #2 and the best of the day.So I am big on service and quality. So we sat at the bar--the place was packed on a Saturday night. We were 6! The bar tender was fast, attentive, and very quick with the food! I like that. We had a great time and everyone enjoyed their food even the 2 vegetarians! The place was a little cold, and parking was difficult cause there is a lot of construction in this neighborhood! Otherwise I would give 4 stars!We visited on a Wednesday and were greeted and seated quickly.  The staff were jovial and humorous.  
Our starts were a beet soup with horseradish cream. Velvety consistency, I love getting the true flavor of a food in a texture foreign to it's original shape, like being able to sip beets. The cream was mild and off set the beet nicely. 
The asparagus salad was again perfectly cooked soft egg, toothsome asparagus, crispy bacon. Delightful
We ordered the infamous fried chicken and we're not disappointed. Each bite was super crisp, super moist and super flavorful.  The accompanying waffle stood alone as a delicious bite and the kale was also seasoned and cooked perfectly.  
Mushroom bahn mi bread was crisp enough yet still soaked up all of the (surprisingly) spicy sauce n pickle juice. Another win with this dish. 
Kudos to a house made dessert option, balderdash that there is only one option. 
The only negative was how incredibly loud it was. The small space was not full, nor was the bar area and at times we could not hear each other with out screaming across the two top. Certainly I would give 5 stars if not for the acoustics.i was here late last night because my friend and i wanted dinner and we realized it was 10pm - oops!  being a native new yorker i ALWAYS forget how early things close in philly. 
i picked resurrection because its literally 2 blocks away from my house, had good reviews, and was open and serving food.  
i had the best time - i love the atmosphere, the service was great, and they went out of their way to customize a vegan dish for me.  any vegan person who wants a late night pub nosh - this is your place.  they went above and beyond in making little tweaks to their menu and bringing out a great dish that i enjoyed a lot. 
ps- they were def playing an old piebald song at one point which was very very cool. oh and the french fries are good.I "ate" here once with Jackie G. and Jason F. when it was pretty new, however I had just come off of one of the worst stomach viruses of my entire life and could barely choke down a beer and a pickle, although they seemed to enjoy it. I never thought about going there again. This weekend I went for a nice long walk (first to a packed Sidecar, then to a no-brunch-served Grace Tavern) and ended up here for brunch on Sunday. They were terribly understaffed - there was one person behind the bar and one for the whole dining room - but it was bright and airy and our server was so nice that we really didn't care. I have had beer mimosas before, but this was the best ever. When I saw the croque madame come out at the table next to me, I knew what I was ordering. It was beautiful and turned out to be delicious as well! I hope to go back again for dinner, this time with a real appetite!Went here last night and was pleased with the beer selection and prices.  There are a fair number of vegetarian / vegan entrees but no wings or much other standard pub food (other than a burger).  I had a fennel salad and some lamb skewers (both small plates) that were tasty but not entirely satisfying given that I was craving wings.  The owner was incredibly gracious when stopping by and asking what we thought of the fare and such.  I can see myself returning but probably just for beer.I didn't eat here, but the selection of regional beers (with some staples from the Midwest) is really solid.  The place resembles a reading room more than a bar/restaurant, which I really like, and the crowd on Monday night was quiet and full of readers, eaters, couples, and cheaters probably.  A bar like this is enough of a reason to make me consider moving to the neighborhood.This place has fantastic food, but the service and vibe is a bit pretentious and keeps me from giving it a 5 star rating. I was impressed by the amount of room in the restaurant. I was expecting a more cramped interior based on its location and exterior appearance. The selective of craft beers here is impressive and the servers are quite knowledgeable about what they had. However, that leads me to my criticism of the service and the generally pretentious vibe. The waiter we had went into great detail explaining almost every single item on the menu. I understand pointing out a few favorites or uncommon dishes, but to literally detail over 10 dishes is excessive. In addition, he talked about each dish way too much and was too hipster-ish for me. Finally, his made certain comments that I felt were subtly implying we were food noobies. His comment about "not having ranch because we don't use that in our food" and "the chefs will not cook the lamb burger any different than medium rare" and "we don't carry beers like here" were a bit demeaning. The food is great though.
Fried Chicken - Awesome. The chicken is fried twice, so you great two layers of crunch. The top layer is a crunchy coating of battery that goes well with their honey or maple glaze. The second layer is fried skin, so it was more crispy (which is different than crunchy!) and added a different texture. The glaze was sweet and made me think of chicken and waffles. The dish comes with two thighs and the meat is juicy and succulent. The winter greens that it came with were great, adding earthly notes to the dish. The biscuits weren't that great, but its a minor detail.
Lamb Burger - Great. The meat was tender and not overcooked, which is something that tends to happen whenever I have a lamb burger. The muskiness of lamb really comes through and I thoroughly enjoyed it.
Fries and Curry Ketchup - Everyone in our group loved the curry ketchup, I understand why as it was so different than normal ketchup. They put a ton of curry powder or whatever to infuse the curry flavor. So much so that the ketchup is more orange than red. I personally thought it was bordering on too much curry because I almost lost all the acid and sweetness of tomatoes.
Overall, definitely a place I would go back, just hoping to feel a bit more welcomed.I have been a tremendous slacker when it comes to Yelp reviews. It's only fitting that Resurrection was the place to revive my interest and get me reviewing again.
Let's start with the environment.  The space is open and airy, and the window opening out to Grey's Ferry makes it feel larger than it is.  I've seen some complaints about noise and overcrowding, but neither of those was a problem on the Monday that I visited.  The music was pleasant, if a little theme-y, and at no point did it feel like it interrupted the meal.
And the meal?  Yes.  Delicious.  The pickled fruit/veggie plate and the corn cakes provided an opening burst of clean and exciting flavors.  The Miatake Mushroom entree and the Twice Fried Chicken were both fantastic as well, and reasonably priced to boot.  It's nice to see the emphasis placed a little more heavily on the menu when compared to Local44, but the beer list is definitely solid, with a promise of future rotating craft and seasonal beers on draught in addition to a stable of excellent bottled beer.
It looks like another home run from Brendan and Leigh and I look forward to rediscovering Resurrection as it's menu and beer list evolve.  Approve.Good beers with pretty decent food. I've gone to Resurrection a few times with a group of pals, but every time I go, it seems like they're always out of something that I wanted. Given the their menu is pretty limited to begin with, I find this especially frustrating since option #1 - #3 is usually out. 
Nevertheless they have a good beer selection, but before you beer lovers start slugging some frosty brews back, you may want to scan the surface of your beer given that on  occasion I have been served beers with mystery floating sludge. I'm not a Ninja Turtle, so sewers and gunk don't really appeal to me. Pizza does. Always pizza....
All in all, a good neighborhood joint that's about to get the Starr name attached to it. Go here if you're hungry. The end.Slogged (is that a word? It is if you count the fact that it was raining and I was wet) there Saturday night w/ fiance to meet a few friends for some drinks. Surprisingly, the bar was empty for a Saturday night. 
Ordered a cream of onion and fennel soup and some fingerling potatoes. The first sip of soup was over-poweringly fennilish (I love how I am making up words as I type), but mellowed out over the remaining spoonfuls. Delicious. The fingerling potatoes were what I've eaten everywhere else. Just average. 
I started with a Racer 5, followed with a few Mad Elfs (for $5 each, I wasn't going to complain), and then things got hazy. I did order another few beers, but don't remember what they were. I know why. My fiance started with a Santa's Little Helper, but went onto a Mad Elf, followed by a World Wide Stout. She knew she was in trouble when the bartender told her "Good luck" when he handed her the stout. 
The bartender was very helpful with assisting in choosing a beer. I like the place, and will trek the blocks to go here more often. I am jealous of our friends, who happen to live 2 doors down.My meal was a 5. Well prepared leek and caramel onion  with a peppery lemon salad on top and house hot sauce. Great place to sit and have brunch with a crowd.The seating is incredibly uncomfortable, the menu inconsistent, and it is REALLY LOUD, but that doesn't seem to stop me from visiting Resurrection once a week (mostly because I live in the neighborhood). The beer selection is interesting and changes regularly. The menu changes often as well-not necessarily a good thing-and it is lacking in any traditionally snacky pub food. Thankfully, they seem to have given up on keeping their bangin' fried chicken an occasional special--it's now on the regular dinner menu.The beer selection was good and the ambiance was nice, but the food was an utter disappointment and deal breaker.  I ordered the twice fried chicken based on all the hype, and all I could taste was salt with some honey glaze. Think KFC thighs dipped in salt and refried with honey on top.   It was so oversalted that I was drinking water for the rest of the night and still thirsty. Maybe it was just a bad batch.  However, the rest of the food was also heavily salted and mediocre at best.  The fries (although salty) came with a curry ketchup mayo sauce that was very good.  The beer and fries are the reason I'm giving 2 stars instead of 1.Lived up to the hype.  3 1/2 stars.
Tonight was our second trip to Resurrection Ale House.  We went last Friday for the fried chicken and they were of course sold out (we went at 9 p.m. -- rookie mistake).
Apparently they have only enough for 20 orders of the fried chicken per day and sell out between 7 and 8 p.m.  Minus one-half a star for having to deal with the drama of figuring out whether they're going to have the fried chicken.  (I suppose this is for freshness reasons, but I'm not sure.)  Minus one-half another star for our server trying to talk us out of getting the fried chicken when we actually did show up at 7 p.m. on a Wednesday night to ensure access to the famous fried chicken.  (I called ahead and walked here in a steam bath for a piece of fried chicken.  No, I will not order something else off your menu so you can conserve one of your 20 orders of chicken so your other patrons aren't pissed off for making the trek and not getting the chicken.)
In any event, the friend chicken really did live up to its hype.  The skin was incredibly crispy.  The seasoning was perfect -- just a hint of spice, a perfect amount of saltiness, and the honey balanced out the dish with just the right amount of sweetness.  It was served with a watermelon/basil salad, which was good, but I would have preferred a mashed potato or a french fry.  But for $11, I'm not complaining -- we ordered a side of french fries anyway, which are really good in their own right (fried in peanut oil -- just the right amount of girth and saltiness).
This place gets only 3 1/2 stars because, other than the fried chicken -- which is amazing in its own right -- nothing else strongly encourages a return trip.  On our first visit, I had the BLT and my husband had the burger.  Neither was memorable, though both more than passable.  Our appetizer of mixed bruchettas was fine, but kind of weird (the onion one was way too spicy).  
In sum, if you want a really good order of fried chicken at a very reasonable price point, and if you can make it before about 7:30 on a weeknight, this is your place.  The bar has a laid-back, good vibe and a good beer selection.  But for a really good gastro pub meal, there are others in the center city area I might choose ahead of Resurrection Ale House.Food is 5 stars, especially the burgers and--as mentioned above--the twice-fried chicken.
The problem, more than not, is the waitstaff. I've gotten comments like "don't screw me on the tip" on several occasions, even though I don't think I've tipped less than 20-25% in the past 10 years. Many of this place's waiters refuse to help split a check (even just two or three ways), and are relatively friendly early in a meal but seem to get surly as the meal progresses. 
I'd be tempted to say that it's just me, but I keep encountering people who have had the same experience recently at Resurrection Ale House. The waitstaff needs a serious talking-to.After my first visit to Resurrection and sampling off of all 3 of my friends plates I fell head over heels.  Later that week at a weekly visit to Memphis Taproom (the sister restaurant to Resurrection) I drunkenly told Brendan, one of the owners, that I wished he would bring the twice fried chicken to Memphis so i wouldn't have to travel so far to eat it.
I have since visited Resurrection a second time and had the twice fried chicken a second time... so so good.  Crispy, dark a hint of honey drizzled over the top... I wish it came with mashed potatoes or mac and cheese instead of potato salad but as a teacher used to tell me, nothing can ever be perfect... close but not quite.
I highly recommend taking the time to pay a visit....its cute, clean, the food is AMAZING and the beer selection is great.  They even made me a hot toddy on request. jawesome.This was my second time being here. I had all expectation to give it four stars based on my last visit. Unfortunately it being a Monday played against them.
The food was great, but the service was a little slow. No fault to the server as he was the only one there and I think they had more patrons than expected. However, there were some things that could have been avoided even with the crowd. The one thing that stood out was they didn't have a beer menu and we were told that the beers were listed above the bar. So my girlfriend and I had to walk from our table to the bar to read the six beers that were listed. I think the server could have had them memorized and read them to us.
The food was delicious. We took the servers recommendation of two apps and an entree that consisted of the olives, manilla clams and the rib eye steak. The olives were very good. The sauce that the clams were in was very flavorful and the steak was cooked perfectly.
This is definitely a place I'll be back to to try something else, but next time it won't be a Monday and I hope to up the stars.This is my Philly staple whenever I have friends visiting from out of town or first moving to the city.  Great food, great ambiance, wonderful beer selection!  Very cool place, and the food is spectacular.Stopped in for a opening night test drive... The fact that they had Russian River (the elder) brought a Christmas morning surprise present smile to my face :) I also tried a free fried chicken wing with some honey.. It was good. It has a standard tap feel but it 's more alive.. Seems like I found a new Getaway beer spot... The only down side was the noise level and I can see this place getting very crowded. Parking was also a little rough... Go and give it a shot!We definitely need more places like this in Philly!The first set of owners that owned this place had an awesome menu. The falafel appetizer was awesome, as well as their tuna nicoisse sandwich, and burger. While the new owner kept the burger and fries with delicious curry dipping sauce on the menu, he replaced my other faves with food that is just lack luster and un appealing. I even used to order take-out from here because it was one of the only places that was close to my work where we could order takeout. However, the burger, which was one of the only things left that got my taste buds going was too salty. Additionally, my co-worker ordered a salad and it was maybe 5 bites. She paid $9.95 for it. I hear it is changing hands again, hopefully the new owners and chef will get it together.Way overdue review of this place, but had to add to the thread - a great hipster spot with an eclectic beer selection, and GREAT apps.  Upon arrival to the opening and sitting down at a booth with some friends, we were immediately served one plate after another including: shrimp teriyaki skewers, fried oyster sticks, sliders, pork chops, fried chicken wings, bruchetta and more!  The waitresses were very attentive and quick with drinks, the owner welcoming, the crowd lively and un-obnoxious;  a chill, comfy, kick-back that i would definitely frequent (if it were a bit closer to me or to public transport)!So, this is basically a hipster bar for people who consider themselves too old and professional to be hipsters. Which might not be a bad thing if you don't mind a bartender who will plainly tell you "no, I won't make you a double-anything," or "no I'm not making that drink," and high price points for slightly above average (albeit relatively inventive) food. The highlights of the night were the twice-baked fried chicken & waffles and the parsnip appetizer, both of which were prepared perfectly on the Thursday night in April 2014 when I went with 6 friends. 
The chicken wings my friend ordered were not good at all, they smelled like someone accidentally spilled an entire spice rack in the sauce before serving them. The oregano especially was overwhelming, and they were somehow still too greasy. Another friend ordered the buffalo wings and was satisfied but for what they were, it was too expensive. The drinks are expensive as well.
The crowd is older, clearly professional but with a "I'm too polished to be called a hipster but I'm secretly pleased to be called a hipster" edge. It wasn't a bad place at all though, nice venue, nice decor, would only go back for one or two things on the menu.Vegetarians in want of flavorful options without going to an all veggie joint, this is your place.  An impressive beer selection and servers who can confidently make solid recommendations is a plus.  Resurrection is great for brunch, late lunch and dinner -- you really can't go wrong.  There are always new seasonal additions to the menu, and several savory vegetarian options.
For brunch last weekend I ordered the pumpkin and pear sandwich -- served open-faced with seasoned almonds and garlicky cooked greens over a slice of toasted fresh bread.  I should also mention the mammoth pile of shoestring fries & addictive curry dipping sauce that accompanied my sandwich.  My friend ordered the off-menu croque madame... describing it wouldn't do justice, but if you eat meat & want a rich brunch I'd recommend asking if it's available.
For drinks she had a wheat beer mimosa & I tried their homemade bloody mary.  Didn't love the drink (too much juice, too little vodka), but that didn't stop me from finishing.  
Go early & grab a seat at the window.  Service is laid back & friendly, but can get easily distracted if a crowd starts to form.  If you're uber needy go during off-peak hours to get the attention you seek.Chris and I went to Resurrection Ale House for dinner and drinks on a Saturday evening. 
I really liked the cozy and warm feel of the ale house. 
The server was very attentive and helpful. He was able to recommend us some great beer and offered good suggestions for dinner.
I ordered the special of the day for dinner: scallops with pork belly and golden apples. The scallops was cooked nicely and the apples complemented the dish well. While the server informed me that it was a big plate, the portion was rather small and I was left hungry.
Chris ordered the Pork Shoulder sandwich. With the kimchi mayonnaise, the sandwich was absolutely delicious. The sandwich was served with fries and curry ketchup, which were amazing. If I could, I would have taken a jug of that curry ketchup home with me.
The only thing that annoyed me about the experience was the fact that 18% gratuity was automatically added to our bill. I'm only used to places adding gratuity for larger parties, so I was surprised that they added it for only two people. I'm all for tipping well for good service, but it just doesn't sit right with me when it's obligatory. I guess it's a good thing the server was nice. (I checked their website later on, and it clearly mentioned the 18% gratuity for parties of 6 or more... I guess they made a mistake.)It pains me to give Brendan Hartranft's third craft beer establishment anything less than 5 stars: The man is a near-god in my book, but honesty dictates I rank Resurrection behind Memphis Taproom and Local 44, simply because it fell short of expectations in some key places. Sorry, Brendan!
The two most-hyped menu offerings are the Twice Fried Chicken and the burger, and both were minor disappointments, okay but un-exciting, though the spiced honey that tops the chicken was creative. The common complaint among all four of us was the quantity of food...just not enough.  This is not a problem at B's other two places, so I'm really not sure why it seemed to be a consistent problem here:  Just the night before I'd had dinner with a friend at Memphis Taproom where we'd actually had difficulty finishing our ample Chicken-Fried Chicken and Port Richmond Platter.
The beer selection was pretty good, but on the day we went it was a bit too IPA-heavy, and our server lacked the expertise one depends on to accurately describe the offerings.
The layout and decor are pleasing and simply stylish, reminiscent of Memphis Taproom's inviting and homey nature.
Moderately fuller entrees, a wider variety in the beer selection, and a better educated server all would have brought this review up to 4 or 5.  I will certainly be back to see if a second try demonstrates improvement in any of these areas.When in Rome (Resurrection Ale House), do as the Romans do (eat the fried chicken).  It really is that simple to enjoy your experience.  I hate watermelon (I know, you can cast your judgement on me later), but the watermelon salad that accompanies the fried chicken is tasty.  Correction, the pickled rind part is tasty - my friend ate the actual melon pieces.
Also, as I sat at the bar with my watermelon eating friend, I could not help but realize the gents serving up beer were probably some of the cooler bartenders this gal has ever come across.  Now that their fried chicken is checked off my list, I can't wait to go back and feast on their other tempting menu items.This was a big disappointment. After hearing several very positive reviews from friends, we were excited to try.  The prices were nice.  The atmosphere good.  And the beer selection was quite interesting.  But aside from the pickle of the day (pumpkin!!), everything on the menu fell short.  Worst were the scallops--the taste was lacking and their presentation was grotesque--3 inch cylinders of uncut scallop that were unappealing at first site.  The pork belly was strangely block-like, lacking flavor, and over-cooked (the prunes and pumpkin puree were not good accompaniments).  The pan con tomate was supposed to come with manchego, but instead tasted like white bread, with tomato sauce and mozzarella (the chorizo was okay).  The fennel salad was okay, but overdressed.  And the soup of the day (white bean tomato) was almost all beans in a broth that tasted like gravy.  I would love to believe that some of the other menu items are superior.  But think before you leap--much of the menu was unappetizing or sub-average.It might be best to go this restaurant without a companion because the fried chicken is apparently the best.  I did not listen to this advice.  Having gone with friends, we discovered that there was only one order of fried chicken left.  Well, my friend who had been talking about it was given the choice to take it.  He did.  Our friendship is on the brink now.  Just kidding.
I went with the lamb sausage and I was not disappointed.  It came on a sandwich role which I was surprised to learn.  I also found that the dipping sauce for the fries were phenomenal.  I've been trying to cut back on greasy food but just devoured up my fries.
The restaurant itself is nice and has some pretty decent beer.  Although the restaurant is small, they were very accommodating and were able to seat our party of five.  I checked out the Three Philosopher's and enjoyed that beer.Not worth your time. Experienced a rude bartender that wouldn't even make it in a chain restaurant in the burbs. Food was average at best; nothing to go back. Surprised because Memphis Taproom is so good. Very bad experience.Wheat beer mimosa? I'm in!
Good neighborhood bar.  Always leave satisfied.I had read many reviews of their "twice-fried" chicken.  The technique is standard for Korean (relatively hard to find in downtown Philly) and makes for a supremely crispy bird. Unlike the Korean versions which are served with a variety of (usually extremely hot) sauces, Resurrection serves theirs in a puddle of mildly spiced honey.  It really does work.
Now fried chicken is not among the healthier of food choices, so instead of offering house fries, these two meaty thighs were accompanied by a white bean salad - white beans with halved baby Yukon potatoes in what appeared to be a lime-based dressing making it an interesting mash up of potato salad and slaw along with the beans.  It was tart, fresh tasting and complex.  I felt much better about eating this than I would a more traditional side. 
As I mentioned, the chicken came as two thighs (breasts really are two big for the twice-fired treatment.) The meal came out quickly (not like the 20-minute wait for the good, but not-as-good fried chicken at the Khyber Pass.  The meat was moist, and except for the bites around the bone, seemed as much like white meat as breast , but just juicier and more flavorful.
The breading was subtly spiced, and the skin just crackled as you bit into it.  This is some excellent yardbird.
The chicken itself, was 16 bucks, and with the traditional accompaniment of a shot of Tullamore Dew Irish Whisky and a room-temp British tap beer, my bill tipped just over $30.  This is more than I typically like to spend for a lunch, but I considered it a special treat.
It's pretty easy to find free parking on the block (I parked two cars down from the front door on Grays Ferry.) 
Service was polite, but not gushing.  I am the type that chats with bartenders, but if they are not chatty types, I am fine concentrating on my meal.  The place was almost dead empty on a Wednesday 1:00, but was doing some takeout business.Last night was my first trip to Resurrection and it won't be my last. The building itself is on a corner and lit sufficiently enough at night that it won't be a problem to spot. The space inside is small and the tables even smaller so it's a bit hard to maneuver. However this is the only less positive aspect of this fine establishment that I can note.  The wait staff is excellent. Very friendly, very knowledgeable. My friend and I both had the twice fried chicken and it was one of the best meals that I've ever had. It was sided with a potato and white bean salad that was delicious and the ingredients very fresh.  The beer and wine selection isn't big but it doesn't need to be as it is very well selected. I was so happy I chose Resurrection and I'll be dreaming of the chicken until I can get back there!i love memphis tap room so i want to love this place, but today i had a day long tummy ache as a result of breakfast. i wouldnt be so sure it was from breakfast if my boyfriend hadnt also felt off from having the same omelette. hm. i will still give it another try maybe for some tasty beer.I've been meaning to write a fawning review of Resurrection for awhile. I was going to write all about its friendly bar space, the cool old beer cans on the wall, the seasonal, veggie-positive menu and the interesting beer list that's priced a few bucks cheaper than most other places in town. 
Instead, let me tell you about dinner a few days ago. I sat at the bar and drank Port Brewing's Old Viscosity Porter, an oak-aged delight of a drink, for $4, since it was in the leftover slot that day. If you're adventurous, order the leftover beer and don't ask questions - you'll get something awesome for a pittance. 
The bartender ran through a list of menu items they were out of, including an avocado and asparagus thing a friend of mine had been praising to high heavens recently. I couldn't help but utter "Aw, that's what I really wanted!" Without missing a beat, the bartender explained that he had one that had just come out from the kitchen, and insisted that I take it. I offered some halfhearted protestations and eventually housed the guy's dinner - which was a simple, perfect summery dish of avocado, grilled asparagus and some olive oil and basil. 
To sum up, here we have a nice space, an excellent, cheap(er) beer list, a small but sweet menu and the kind of people working there who would give you the food right off their plates. Love.This place has two personalities. 
On one hand: The bar staff are solid and have great taste in beer. It's a great place to roll up to and have a couple of drinks while catching up with friends.
On the other hand: The wait staff are so brusque and territorial about their tables above the bar. If the bar is half empty and I want to sit up top and have a beer with my friends, can't I have that?
So hit this place up, have a beer, but make sure to sit at the bar.