So yummy! I have a sixth sense for good tacos! Wandered in here while hanging out in the city today. I can't turn down the opportunity for brisket tacos or short rib tacos when the opportunity arises. They know what they're doing here! Very generous portions. Very flavorful and perfectly tender meat! Delisioso!Some of the best vegetarian tacos I've ever had! Will definitely be coming back and recommending this place. Please open a branch in New YorkPretty good food - I have had a couple of their tacos and they were both pretty good. Good sauces, but they could be a bit more spicy. Three of their tacos can be a lot, go for two if you're not that hungry. Overall a pretty great place for a quick bite to eat.This place is fantastic. I went to school in Tucson AZ where the Mexican food and tacos are amazing and this place is on par. One of the best features they offer is their salsa and sauces. The smoked Habanero is my favorite. The pork pastor tacos are so bomb.Revolution Taco has engendered a bit of a buzz since opening right off of Rittenhouse Square.  These are tacos made to order right in front of you with fresh ingredients. Sauces are provided free to enhance the flavor including my favorite - a blackberry hot sauce.  I ordered the house-made chorizo tacos.  The tacos were very good - and large - although I found the ground chorizo itself slightly on the bland side as was the cheese.  Thank goodness for the blackberry hot sauce!
Service was professional.  Do be aware that during the lunch or dinner hours there are many take out orders and as everything is cooked to order,  you will have a wait for your food whether you eat in or take out.  
Water is also free (I'm adding this fact because a few places that have opened up recently in Philadelphia only have bottled water which of course you pay for.) 
I'll def eat again at Revolution Taco!I really appreciated how dense these tacos were (2 filled me up pretty fast), but they could have used some more flavor and freshness... I felt like I had to add quite a bit of sauce to liven things up. I would like to try something other than the pastor next time, I just wish they made it easier to mix and match.These tacos were great!! I had the fish tacos and the spinach  and cheese empanadas. Prices were reasonable. The empanada was delicious. If you're looking for delicious tacos on the go... come here!Short rib taco is the best taco I have ever had. A little pricey but well worth it. I highly recommend.I've been to this location 3 times now and its time to write a review in hopes that it can save others their hard earned cash and go get your money's worth elsewhere like Honest Tom's, Buena Onda, or heck, even Shake Shack, Mac Mart or Spot Burger.  Over the course of my 3 visits to revolutionary tacos I was able to try 3 separate items, the Chipotle BBQ Brisket is actually very tasty however very inconsistent. 1st time I got them they were loaded with brisket, 2nd time, very slim pickings, both times they were double wrapped in cold corn tortillas that were very rubbery.  Worth $9 for two? No. Worth $13 for 3? Still no.  Should be no less than $3.50 each.  
The little sign that greats you at the register reads "NO MIX AND MATCH TACOS", which might as well read "We are jerks and have no valid reason as to why we are depriving you from trying our variety of tacos, Deal With It"
I asked today repeatedly why they are so strict about not mixing different tacos in your order and why you are forced to buy in groups of 2 or 3, and if you want to try a 2nd type of taco you are approaching the $20 mark just to enjoy 2 different tacos.  The employees scrambled to give a solid valid answer as to why they are doing this, they said crap like "its so we don't mess up your order, and the PO system is setup that way there is nothing we can do about, the portions are made to accommodate the costs of each item"  ......huh?
I was one of two people ordering at the time, so the "we don't want to screw up your order" just translated to me "we just don't care to satisfy your taste buds and we are lazy/unorganized and don't want to expel extra effort to create a fun meal for you". the always sweating girl cook even jokingly said "its so we can take more of your money each time you come here"...yeah well that is blatantly obvious, this is stupid menu system designed for people with lots of expendable cash.  It sucks that it would require up to 10 visits and $100 to actually try the full range of tacos on the menu.  
This evening I got the shark fish tacos, which one associate told me comes with a lot of fish...not really, not really at all.  I requested extra pineapple salsa which, didn't really happen either. Once again they were wrapped in doubled up cold corn tortillas that were disgustingly glued together somehow.  The lady behind me ordered the same tacos, her's were substantially loaded with more cabbage slaw and salsa and stuff, kinda made me feel like they deliberately shorted my portion just because i was maybe to inquisitive about the menu policy before i ordered.  The fish was pretty dry, no were near as juicy as the Fish Tacos at Honest Toms of Buena Onda.  The table I ate at in front of the window was super sticky, yuck city sticky. 
Let the taco lovers of Philly start a REAL REVOLUTION and AVOID EATING here, its a con, its designed for the extra successful person who can throw money around carelessly and enjoys wasting food(cold double corn tortillas is a waste).  As an avid regular of Honest Tom's I highly recommend you go there and mix and match all the tacos your taco loving heart desires.  Honest Tom's is the best, their fish tacos rule, and guess what? you actually leave full and satisfied after Honest Tom's, you can choose corn or flour tortilla and they grill both types of tortilla so they have this lovely warmth when you bit into them....you leave Revolting Tacos and your like "I just paid $9 for that? for what? I'm still very hungry!!"
and look, I get it, the rent for they must pay is astronomical at rittenhouse and that's probably whey the cost is so high and the menu is rigged to frustrate the heck out of a variety taco enthusiast on a budget.  so in the end the high cost represents the location and clearly not the quality or quantity of food and service.  
If I ever hear that they can the no mix and match policy and offer flour tortillas I may return, but for now this place is dead to me.I was really excited to finally try Revolution Taco but I hate to say I had a very disappointing first (attempted) visit. I arrived at 9:00pm and it was bright and busy inside and the sign said open 11-10pm in bold outside. Immediately the cashier yelled that they were closed, because the hours were 9pm on weekdays (this information is available online I was told, and the sign on the door just shows weekend times). It was very uncomfortable for me and my friends and for the few people online who realized that we walked in at exact minute of closing. It was a terrible customer service experience, particularly for a new restaurant that you would think is trying to welcome new users.Favorite thing to order here is hands down the al pastor tacos. They're a perfect mouthful of pineapple, pork, and red pepper crema. I like how each taco on their menu comes with its own unique sauces and toppings. This is what stand outs out about Revolution from other taco options in the area. They also have several veg options on the menu. Wish they made breakfast burritos, even if just on the weekends!Don't make the mistake of eating here. Tastes like days old food that's been reheated. Some of the rudest staff out there. As I was walking towards them in my crutches to get the food the gentleman (I use that word facetiously as he was incredibly rude), said can you hurry it up old man? 
Learn compassion. If you value quality food and being treated like a human avoid.Small space inside with a handful of tables. Had the chicken tinga burrito which was a pretty good burrito.  There were four different salsa bottles of varying spices available for eat in or to take some to go which was a nice touch.  I went with a big group of coworkers and they all were very happy with what they each ordered.So good. Selection is not that vast and that don't have hard shell but they're tacos are so good!Vegetarian review:
I came here on a rainy day craving a burrito a few weeks ago. Well, I went upto order and they DIDNT have tofu as an option- just cauliflower or some chickpea patty.. Neither of those sounded good so I asked for guacomole instead. They were out of guacomole.  So I just got no protein, and the cashier looked at me like I was crazy and I asked her to add a little bit more rice and beans so that it wouldn't be super small.
I got the burrito, it was a decent size and got the green salsa, the red one and then the really hot one. 
Burrito itself was okay.. just felt really dry, even with the pico and extra diablo I asked them to put inside. I tried to add the salsa to it but didn't like any of them. The green one was the alright, it was just very limey. The really spicy one was exactly that, just really spicy with no real depth of flavor. The other red one had a Smokey flavor to it & I hate smokey flavors.
Overall, I suggest checking it out once, especially if you like cauliflower or chickpea partties in your Mexican food. I would loveee if they added a normal tofu option- for the non hipster.
I would come here again if my friends wanted, but it's nothing I would crave or voluntarily come to.For how much great stuff I heard about this place... it was subpar. 
I got the fried tofu tacos and was pretty disappointed. They were very dry and the sauce didn't help at all. And all they had on top were slices of carrots. Ew. I don't know what other vegetarian taco options I could have gotten. I got a side of spinach empanada and it was actually very yummy! 
I really don't have much to say about this place. It was bleh. I might return for the empanada though.We got the spinach empanadas and they were on the salty side... But the tacos were delicious. Ground beef were perfectly balanced and my boyfriend loved the brisket bbq ones. If you're a fan of hot sauce, the habanero and blackberrie sauced were a treat!Everything here is good. The pastor, brisket and beef tacos are all awesome. Burritos and bowls are delicious too. Also, try the weekly fish taco.Great taco place! My bf really liked the short rib tacos and I loved the cauliflower tacos. I will definitely go back.  It's pretty much a low grill place but it was all I needed for a perfect lunch!This place is a must go to! I had the best burrito I've had since I moved to philly four years ago. Also I really enjoyed that they let you help yourself to a selection of four sauces. Lastly the staff was helpful and very friendly when I was trying to make a decision on what to order.Been here a few times now and they are definitely my favorite tacos in Philly. I highly recommend the chipotle BBQ or the short rib tacos, they are pretty large so 2 will fill you up (but if you're really going for it then get 3). Their guac isn't anything to rave about, but you certainly can't have tacos without chips and guac so don't skip out on them. I recently tried their dates and bacon with almond and honey special empenada, and it was amazing! I hope it's on the menu the next time I go. I will say that I've have the carnitas tacos too and they were a little dry, but with so many other amazing items on the menu there's sure to be something for everyone.
Suggestion: gather your friends and pick up some tacos on your way for a picnic under the Walnut St bridge. Fun atmosphere, and there are tons of dogs everywhere from the dog park.This is the one place the whole family can agree on for Mexican food. It's got some pros and cons. Really the only bad things are that it's not authentic (but we weren't really expecting it to be) there's no alcohol and it's a bit pricy. But besides that, it's a solid place. There's something for everyone. Tacos, burritos, quesadillas and every kind of meat. Even something for vegetarians. They also sell Jarritos which is a special Mexican soda. Since there's no wait service the line moves quick and your food comes out within minutes. And it's clean. 
But the best part? There's a hot sauce bar. Choose to sample what you want when your food comes out. But be warned- some of it will leave you in tears!The very first meal I had as a Philadelphia resident!
After a long day of moving, and not eating, I was looking for something satisfying - yet not completely unhealthy.  This place called out to me so as to say, "You've reached your destination."
I ordered the chick pea bowl.  Rice, beans, sauces, pico, and salty little pillows of heaven that have ground chick peas in them.  The saltiness of these bites played well with the other flavors in the dish.  I devoured it in about 2 minutes.  I thought it could have been a little bigger for the price, but it was satisfying, which is what I set out for.
You'll be seeing more of me, Revolution Taco!Overpriced mediocre tasting tacos. Feels like they are always trying to do too much with most of their food. I did enjoy the brazilian sea bass, but like i said, too expensive.Very nice presentation when ordering in house, and the Korean short rib taco was amazing. Tried two others as well, the chorizo and the pork, which we're fun and flavorful but I'd definitely come back for the short rib.This taco joint was really satisfying. I ordered the Chipotle bbq brisket tacos and it was bomb! These tacos are not your ordinary Taco Bell tacos. The tacos at Revolution Tacks have some weight of them. The protein they used was pretty good quality rather than 50% real meat. 
As I picked up my taco for the first bite, it was pricey with meat juices. Yes, I said it. Meat juices. The brisket was tasty as is. You can add different sauces they had on the condiment section but I believe it was great in it's pure form. Honestly, I was still hungry after eating 3 tacos and a empanada but I felt satisfied as I walked around the city . The price tag is a little hefty with all four items being around $16 but I would recommend it if you wanna treat yourself something new. They have a good amount of options to choice from.
Overall, probably gonna visit here again for more tacos.They constantly get your orders wrong, over and over again. When you tell them, they yell at you. Not good service. STAY AWAYAwesome empanadas. Special kimchi fried rice burrito was 85% there. While tasty the kimchi flavor was hard to detect and the consistency of the rice was a little mushy for fried rice and burrito. The same goes for the Korean short rib tacos. Tasty enough but if you're looking for the "Korean" short rib (aka galbee) flavor you're not going to taste much of it.
The service was friendly but a tad bit slow for a cafeteria service. Seemed like they were still trying to work out the pace. 
Not wowed but I would go back.A solid 4 / 4.5 stars for the creativity of the food, taste and ambiance. I'm always on the lookout for unusual flavor combinations, and was excited upon hearing about Revolution Taco with its, well, revolutionary and unusual ingredients. 
The place is small but cosy, with high top tables and an open kitchen concept. I split 6 tacos with a friend (most come in orders of 2 or 3 each, and we really wanted to try the different items) - 2 each of Smoked Chicken, Beef Tongue & Cheek, and Three Little Pigs. We ate them in this order, leaving the heaviest till the last, which worked out nicely. 
Smoked Chicken - a decent taco, comes with chicken and a slaw of lettuce on top. It was pretty good, but I would definitely recommend forfeiting this to try other items that you wouldn't normally be able to get. 
Beef Tongue & Cheek - these are the most delicate, tender parts of the meat, and it gives a melt-in-the-mouth texture which I really enjoyed. 
Three Little Pigs - LOVED this one...but again, it has bacon in it, so that's almost a sure winner. My first bite was just bursting with flavor, and the crunchiness of the bacon contrasts nicely with the rest of the juicy meat. 
Other things - the tortilla in each taco comes in a double layer, which I have mixed feelings about.. it does provide enough support to hold the rich filling, but also feels a little too much at times. The wait time was also a little long (not unacceptable, but just feels like a long wait given the casual vibe of the place). 
While my friend and I were debating whether to get a brownie to end our meal (it's huge), the owner Mike, who was sitting at a table beside us, actually came up to us and offered to get us a brownie on the house. Mike was super friendly and told us about how he worked at a baking place way back, which is why he wanted to put this on the menu, and also told us that this current menu will be switched out for a Spring menu in May (so if you want to try the existing menus, take the chance and go now!). The brownie was great - super rich and super filling.I came here with my girlfriend last weekend and the tacos were absolutely delicious. I had the pork tacos and my girlfriend had the fish tacos. We also both got the empanadas. We both loved our meals and don't have any complaints. This is definitely one of the best taco places we have been to.Very delicious tacos! We got the duck tacos with scallion pancake as the shell. Would come here again and try the other tacos. Will recommend friends who visit philly to come!Finally tried the tacos here. It's a cute place in a great location. They have a respectably broad menu, including burritos and tacos. It's a *bit* pricey but quite tasty. 
Pork empanada so yummy. Mushroom tacos were flavorful especially for being vegetarian. My companions got the chorizo and the Korean beef tacos which both were well received. The have a nice variety of sauces to go with the meals. 
Interestingly, there is currently an avocado shortage so there was no guacamole available. It was the first time I heard about this and I hope it ends soon!Stopped in for tacos today in the midst of the "snow storm" and was delighted to see a nice crowd mid-afternoon with the same thought as me. The space is warm and inviting with a really cool pepper wall. My friend and I had both empanadas (spinach and fontina & the special smoked pork). The dough was ridiculously delicious and inside was a warm gooey taste of home. For tacos we had the smoked chicken, special seared tuna, brisket, and ground beef. All were a really wonderful display of flavors complementing the next. We had two of each kind and I walked out totally satiated. 
So glad there are good tacos on that side of town! Thank you for doing what you do!! Can't wait to come back.I got the cauliflower and mushroom tacos and they were good but this place could really improve by providing lime and salt because my taco really needed it. Just put it right next to the salsa section.This place is delicious! I tried it the other day. I ordered the chicken tacos (forget the name, but it's the first one on the menu) and they were fabulous. All their sauces are very tasty too. They're a little on the pricy side but I'll be back! 10/10Ordered three tacos chips and salsa they called and gave me such attitude saying you know this isn't the curry tacos right ? I said yes I'm aware they tried to charge me more money just to deliver two tacos which were disgusting and they said three times they'd refund me never saw anything. Everytime you go in they have an attitude and seem like they hate their job. Not worth it. I used to be a loyal customer not anymoreI saw the "hot and new" and tacos and was very excited. We waited for an hour to get our lunch. It was pretty loud. We got the tuna tacos, chicken and chorizo tacos and unfortunately everything was very bland and just so so. I was really disappointed.Generous servings of "fusion" style tacos like "Korean Short Rib" and "Fried Curried Cauliflower."    Even though I enjoyed my tacos, I probably won't be back because it really annoys me that they don't sell individual tacos or a mix and match option.  There are so many good food options in Philly, why spend your money at a business that isn't really customer friendly?Really solid place. They need to do a la carte tacos like Velvet Taco in Dallas, which they told me they are looking to do. They also need to upgrade the sides (I would highly recommend adding something like the elote at Velvet Taco). For what it is, it's very good, and I can't really complain about the prices for being very high quality tacos.Yum!! I had the duck tacos with a side of Guac and chips. The tacos were delicious- I ordered two and was full. The tortilla shell was so interesting and unlike anything I've had before! It was crispy and thicker than usual, but it was so delicious. I'll be back to try other yummy tacos. Prices were very reasonable too :)1. The tacos come in 2's or 3's and there is no mixing and matching. So if you want to try more than one type of taco, you have to get 4+ and, unfortunately, I cannot eat 4 tacos in one sitting - super disappointing because I wanted to try the chorizo and the smoked chicken. 
2. We had to wait 20 min for 2 tacos and 2 empanadas. 
3. There is no silverware whatsoever.
4. We got the chorizo tacos and an order of empanadas. They were excellent.If u are in rush and really hungry than this is great place to try tacos amazing and great chicken taco I love it price also good in city my best place for tacosMy order for lunch was smoked chicken (2 tacos) for $7.00. I was happy with the portion size and the quality of the ingredients. I walked out of there feeling satiated and really happy with the good vibes that I noticed as soon I walked in...simple, clean, smiling faces and fast service. The lady at the register was helpful and everyone in the kitchen was hustlin to get the tickets out while interacting with customers who were chatting with them over the high counter. I recommend them!One word to describe my dining experience at Revolution Taco...AWESOME! This simple concept of delivering an amazing product at a fair price is lost on so many restaurants as such. The freshness of the ingredients, the prompt service, and a very cool minimalist  interior  make this place great. My favorite tacos where the House-made Chorizo and the Chipotle BBQ Brisket (killer!!) Also, the Empanadas (handmade gems) are fantastic.  This team at RT has figured out what the market wants and delivers on it. I'll be back as I am looking forward to trying the Roast Duck Taco.As a fellow vegetarian  I highly recommend the fried curried cauliflower tacos. Right blend of crispy and savory. It will leave you satisfied!I really wanted to love this place, and I'll have to settle for just like. The tacos had so much going on and still missed the mark. The duck taco was greasy like mostly grease greasy, the chipotle BBQ brisket was good but too saucey, and the Korean shirt rib was good. Something different to try. I like buena onda a little better, but this place is more unique so worth a try!Best taco place in philly.  Amazing variety and their freshness for each of their tacos every visit makes it a great experience.  Quick easy and always consistent. And the music in the place is always on point. End 5o end awesome experience.  I am a 3x a week offender.Whoa, super small unauthentic bland tacos for $14? Not for me. 
Yes, you're in rittenhouse but don't use that to rip the assuming taco lover off. Why do you even serve them in the quantity of two? Who would ever buy just two mini tacos? Do people buy half a car? Do people buy one sock? No. 
Why so small? Why so expensive? Why so American? 
You want real tacos? Go to any taco place on 9th street around the italian market. There you will get 3 monster tacos for $9 and won't be able to move afterwards.The Spinach and cheese empanada were amazing! The cashier was also very friendly and I loved the mango soda as well.Revolution Taco make amazing tacos - as if we were on the West Coast! They have amazing hot sauces like pineapple habanero and creative veggie options like smoked mushroom tacos. Only negative is the tacos are quite expensive and you can't mix and matchI got the weekly empanada, which happened to be the cheese burger empanada. It was to DIE for. My friend and I stopped by for a quick snack because it wasn't quite dinner time. We will be back for the tacos though! I promise.Amazing taco place with great vegetarian options!  I had the fried tofu tacos with chips and guac.  DELICIOUS!  My friend had duck tacos -- which were really neat.  Would highly recommend. The only downside was that they do not serve alcohol (although I think it may be byob).Fantastic vegan tacos at a good price. We had the curried cauliflower and the smoked mushroom tacos and they were both great. Lots of other options for the omnivores amongst you too!Fun, fast, very flavorful.  It's like having a permanent taco food truck just a block from Rittenhouse square.I had the roast duck tacos a few weeks ago and they were awesome! It was more than I like to spend for lunch so I probably won't be getting them often since one isn't enough food. But I will get them again. I'll also be back to try some of the other tacos and burritos.I was very excited to try Revolution Taco! I got the Korean Short Rib taco and my friend got the Chorizo. I highly suggest going with a friend, so you can try more than one type (they don't let you mix and match). 
The presentation was great.  Rib was super tender and flavorful. Loved it. However, it was a bit on the salty side. The chorizo was flavorful, too, but I also found it a little bit salty for my personal taste. Two tacos is plenty filling, especially since they are double wrapped. There's free water, which is nice and lots of hot sauces. 
I also wish it was like 1 to 2 dollars cheaper. However, I'm definitely going back to try more varieties. Yum.The empanadas are very good, although different from what I had before. Tacos are good but need extra sauce for taste.I love Revolution Taco! It is such a cute little taco joint in the heart of Rittenhouse. I have been twice now and ordered the chicken tinga tacos each time because they are so delicious. I went with my sister who is a vegetarian and she seemed to like the chick pea veggie burger burrito bowl. The service is a bit slow but definitely worth it.Tries hard to make simple food gormet. Save yourself a trip here and make your own tacos for  better value and quality. The environment is nice though with plenty of seating.The decor reminds me of a mixture between Honest Tom's and Chipotle. It's casual dining. Portions are not bad. I had the beef tongue and cheek tacos. The ingredients sound like they don't work, but they do. Crunchy, sweet, sour, and savory. It was all good. My favorite part was the crunchy pieces of tongue. I like the concept of the place being casual fusion food.Went in at 12:15 on a Wednesday for lunch.  Was busy but not overwhelming.  Had the BBQ brisket tacos - went with 2 instead of 3 and glad I did.  They were delicious and packed with meat, double wrapped in tortillas.  Was full after 2 and a 3rd would have been way too much for me.  Really enjoyed them and will be back to try more.  You can't mix and match tacos which is a bit of a bummer but makes sense when you think about the kind of volume they're doing during lunch hour.Followed all the food truck owners since the beginning: StreetFoodPhilly, Taco Mondo + Say Cheese Philly and they continue to bang out the highest quality food in their new brick n mortar store Revolutiok Taco!  The beef tongue n cheek w/ house made kimchi topped w/ pickled jalapeños packed a lot of flavor. The glazed pork belly tacos which I topped w/ some of their house made hot sauce are my top two heavy hitters. Am waiting patiently for their Korean fried chicken tacos (hint hint) and more items on their (Shhhhh!) "secret menu"...  Chips salsa and guac were great too washed down w/ some Jarritos Mexican sodas
Revolution Taco brings great ingredients together for a worldly fusion of taco madness. Great service and staff make for a great combination. Definitely go back for more #PhillyTacoTourI got the curried cauliflower tacos - it definitely had curry flavor and the chicken tinga which was really good. But for the price, I could get similar tacos a couple of blocks away with a lot of heat and flavor. Obviously, this is near Rittenhouse Sq so it's going to be pricey but I just don't think each taco was worth $3.There are a number of solid taco spots in Philly.  Revolution taco belongs at the upper echelon, if not top spot, on this list.  Do the tacos rival left coast? Maybe.  But in such a different way.  West Coast tacos are typically known for being fish tacos.  I actually haven't had a fish taco at Revolution.  Their tacos though are top notch for Philly.  I've been to Distrito, Mission, Loco Pez, Taqueria Feliz, Union Taco and Dos Taco.  Hands down Revolution is top based on variety of menu and overall taste.  Must try's are the Duck, Korean Short rib, and Lamb (if available).  How many to order?  I'd say between 2-3 tacos per person.  Prices are fair and turn over-times on orders has significantly improved since opening, which is quite a plus.  So I mentioned a few others taco spots, those worth trying are (in order) Loco Pez, Distrito, and Feliz.  The rest are meh.  Still haven't been to South Philly Barbacoa, high expectations here.   Revolution is still a solid spot, worth a try, if not repeated business.Great quick place for a different type of taco. Tried the Korean beef which was tender and juicy with just the right amount of sauce. Also the pork pastor which is probably the closest thing to an original Mexican taco. Pork not greasy. And of course had to try the duck. The scallion pancake was fantastic. Underwhelmed by the flavor of the duck! Not very juicy and just too much sauce and slaw. Drowned out what should've been the star of the dish!The most amazing food ( not just comparing to Mexican food) that I've had in a long time. Get the duck!Everything tastes fresh and hot. The meat is made to order which makes this food worth the wait in my opinion. I got a chicken burrito bowl and thought it was nicely portioned for the price. It just tasted nice and fresh. This is definitely an upgrade from a chipotle or qdoba.These tacos are huge and packed with meat. Got the 2 of the Korean beef tacos and they came fully loaded. The flavors were authentic and the brisket melted in your mouth. The sweetness of the kbbq sauce paired amazing with the sesame and scallions on top inside this taco.Came here to get a takeaway lunch around noon. There was a line all the way to the door already but it moved relatively quickly. Now, I know this is a taco place (it's literally in the name), but I was feeling burrito-y today so I opted for the Ground Beef Burrito Bowl. According to their menu, the bowl comes with rice, black beans, ground beef, cheese, lettuce, lime creme, salsa roja, and pico de gallo. At the restaurant there is also an assortment of sauces you can take to go, which I hear change daily. Definitely a fun way to try some new flavors!
Let's get into the bowl itself. Smaller than your average Chipotle bowl, but I think you get more oomf with each bite. Each bowl is made fresh, so mine came nice and hot. It is clear the star is the meat here. I was astounded by the amount of meat that just kept coming, it probably took up half the bowl! The beef was tender and juicy, the pico de gallo popping, and the creme creamy and tangy. Everything came in just the right proportion. Never did I get a mouthful of just rice or lettuce. When you got that bite of everything, a mix of sweet lettuce and salty beef with sour creme, what a flavor explosion! Needless to say, a good choice for lunch. While it is a bit pricier (my bowl was a little over $11 after tax), I would say it's worth the splurge.After having managed to start my day before sunrise on a bleary Sunday, I decided to treat myself to some tasty tacos during a late lunch. I had been meaning to try Revolution Taco's roast duck tacos for a while, so that was the first thing I said when they asked for my order. I also tried two of their specials that day: salmon tacos and a bison empanada. 
The food was made fresh and came out within 10 minutes. There were 5 very colorful sauces to choose from, including regular salsa, hot salsa, salsa verde, mango salsa, and coconut lime salsa. Curious, I had to try them all. I personally liked the hot salsa on everything, and thought the bison empanada tasted best with the coconut lime salsa. 
Everything was tasty. The duck tacos contained a generous amount of filling. Be warned that it is quite heavy, due to the deep-fried scallion pancake shell. If I hadn't skipped breakfast and been starving, I would have gotten full on half of the taco. 
The salmon tacos were also tasty. The salmon pieces were perfectly grilled and their savoriness was nicely balanced by fresh chunks of pineapple. The bison empanada was also good, though it was more of a snack item, filled only with seasoned ground bison (I don't remember if onions were in there). It was good, but I've had more creatively filled empanadas in Philly before. 
The staff was very friendly and the decor is clean and modern. In terms of quality, I am definitely a fan. Everything was fresh down to the very soft corn tortilla shells. It's a bit more expensive than average for tacos (though cheaper than Buena Onda), but definitely worth it for a treat.I have eaten lunch here 5-6 times in the past year, and every time the food and service have been outstanding. Highly recommend the mushroom tacos and the cauliflower tacos. Yummy sauces availability which you can choose yourself. Fantastic value.I've tried the beef tacos and also the chipotle bbq brisket tacos.  I also ordered their special empanadas -- bacon & date and also their chorizo.  Everything was top notch.   The tacos had a large amount of meat on them and they just tasted really good.   Prices are normal and definitely worth it for what you get.Revolution taco is so delicious and I get it at least once a week! Their tacos and burrito bowl is far better than any other quick service Taco place. Brisket empanadas, Korean tacos and beef tacos are unreal!!Delicious vegan options. I went with the vegan smoked mushroom tacos and it it the spot. I was craving them later in the day. The fried cauliflower also looks good. Would like more veggie protein options on the menu though.I've been here about 5 times now. I try something new every time and everything I've had is good. The free sauces rotate out constantly and are creative and delicious. The place is clean and has good seating. The prices are fair, the bathroom is clean, and the service is solid.I think these are my favorite tacos in Philly!  Definitely better than Dos Tacos, Jose Pistolas, and Tio Flores which are pretty much the main competitors in the Rittenhouse area.  I got the chorizo tacos and they were awesome!  The torillas are good, almost seem home-made. but not sure.  They come 2 tortillas per taco, I can't decide if it is too much bread, or not, but it is good to have 2 so that the tacos don't rip and fall apart when you eat them (like at Jose Pistolas).  It would be even better if they had a couple days with late night hours!  Maybe open til 2 or 3am on a Fri or Sat like Dos Tacos?  Or even til 11 on a weeknight or 2??My and my people hit this place up in between lunch and dinner. Since there were 6 of us, we were able to sample most of what they had... Smoked chicken in both burrito and taco form was a highlight. Otherwise, pretty average overall...Neat place. Like the concept.  I ordered from here once and was underwhelmed by the tastiness of the food.  Will try again.Come on ...no less than five stars !
Tried pulled pork tacos
As well as carne asada burrito
It was the size of my head.  Not cheap; but then again, neither is their Taco Mondo food truck nor good quality meat so I'd rather spend the extra two bucks over a chipotle and leave feeling good
Sauce options were cool- this is a must try taco spot in center cityCome here for tasty tacos with unique, non-traditional fillings.
The duck tacos are really good, my favorite of the ones I've tried so far.  Lots of rich, moist, shredded dark duck meat and some nice toppings, all wrapped in a delicious scallion pancake.  They're big and satisfying (and at $8 apiece, they should be).  
The Korean short rib tacos & the fish tacos are also good, although note that the fish ones are not like traditional Baja-style fish tacos (different toppings & sauce, different flavor profile).
RT offers a number of salsas / sauces as toppings.  The spicy pineapple salsa is piquant and tasty, and perfectly complements the rich meatiness of the duck & short rib tacos.  The green salsa verde is also outstanding, just bursting with flavors of lime, cilantro and other herbs.  
If you're looking for cheap eats, you'll need to keep to 2 tacos here - order three and you could be pushing $20, especially if one is a duck taco (and it really should be).Came in today for a quick snack, my girlfriends were raving about the empanada so I stopped by and tried the spinach and cheese. It as delicious!! Perfectly crisp and on the outside and soft yummy filling. Ladies were so sweet and helpful! Coming back for tacos soon!!Fish option review: Lunch here just didn't do it for me.  In my opinion there's much better options for fish tacos in the city.  I had the tuna salad and it was nothing special and it was a special.  The swordfish taco was just ok.  They have steps so caution for those toting strollers.  I'm a sauce fiend and their sauces just didn't make my cut.  I'd give them the benefit of the doubt and possibly come back for some carnivorous tacos.  High lunch hour was packed, so be cautious.  Oh the only thing that did it for me here was the spinach/fontina empanada minus the unnecessary sauce that came with it, it was yum!I was really excited to find out Taco Mondo was opening a restaurant! I have always loved the smoked mushroom tacos from the truck, and was super excited that the restaurant serves them as well. They are just as good as they are from the truck! Bonus it has opened only a few blocks away from where I work - have a feeling I will be going here a lot!It was fine, nothing that blew me away.  I rally wasn't up for Mexican food that day but my friend wanted to go.
The service was extremely slow and that really annoyed me because my lunch hour was spent mostly waiting and I didn't get to finish my food.  I'll go back on a weekend to give this place another try.  I don't want to write it off just yet.Great tacos, vegan options. I had the chorizo taco. It was delicious. Absolutely recommend.The Chicken Tinga and Korean tacos are pretty good. Their chorizo is like liquid meat, it's bizarre. The tortillas are pre-packaged and microwaved. 
It's a decent lunch.Friendly people from the owners to the staff get the three little pigs of beef tongue and cheek you won't regret it. Jess and Jamie are awesome upfront I am from south Philly lots of taco places I pass by to get here but the freshness and quality here cannot be beat. And if you disagree with what I say it's your lossVery good wholesome tacos! Each taco has its own uniqueness and all are very tasty. The roast duck scallion pancake taco is delicious!Pricey, but portions are fairly large and the food is good. Definitely not authentic tacos, but there are a lot of unique and modern takes on tacos.New taco joint a few blocks from where I live - great soft shell tacos - simple and tasty. I'll be back!The single star is for the only good thing (according the the person I was with) - the duck taco on a scallion pancake. Though that was very pricey, but it IS duck. And a scallion pancake so maybe that's fair. 
I wanted to like this place. I wanted to love this place. I LOVE tacos. And I live SO close! And maybe that's why I feel so let down. 
Seating - as an interior designer, space planning is kind of my thing. These tables are too big, poorly spaced and there's not enough chairs. You walk in thinking there's plenty of space for you to eat here, but NOPE. 
Menu visibility - once again, as a designer, how information is received is key so we designers are big on signage. (We call this way-finding) The specials are on a small board in the corner that you can't see until you're standing in that corner ready to order. This should have been in a different spot so I could see it sooner. Which is probably why the staff was so testy about answering questions. 
Staff- as a vegetarian I had some questions about the menu and it was like pulling teeth to get this info. "Are the mushrooms in the taco thinly sliced?" Response "They are smoked. I've had that one and it's good"  "okay, so are the mushrooms sliced thin/shredded or is it thick chunks of mushroom?" Response: "people like them" ... ?? What? 
Timing - we came in mid-afternoon after the lunch rush and waited 15 minutes for 3 tacos and an empanada. Then were told the other item (my burrito) wasn't ready yet. Didn't these people have a food truck... or 3? Twenty minutes seems a long time. 
Food - I'm told the duck taco was good. 
And if you're a meat and potatoes kind of person who also likes to have tacos sometimes, this is for you. The fish tacos are "fish of the day". Weird that they don't even have a shrimp taco option on the menu. And who said vegetarians only eat tofu, mushrooms and eggplant? (Eggplant wasn't on the menu but the other two were). 
The fish that day was swordfish- not exactly safe or sustainable. I was told this was just "eh". 
The spinach empanada was SMALL (even smaller than some of the pictures others have posted) and the inside was super runny. In fact, I bit in and the entire contents ended up in the wax paper. Bonus: lots of sea salt on top and mostly cheese sauce inside. And I do love cheese! 
The veggie burrito had no veggies. Chickpea veggie burger usually implies some veggies or it would be called a grilled chickpea patty/burger or mashed chickpeas. When I first bit in I thought I had someone else's order. No evidence of pico de gallo or lime crema, mostly a flour tortilla with double rice and some decent texture (albeit tasteless) black beans. I forced down half of it, trying in vain to make it okay with their super watered down and bland salsa Roja, salsa verde, and both hot sauces (also watery). Where are all the usual hot sauces? Eventually I gave up and threw it out, then went down the street for a better taco. We spent $30 and both ate entire meals immediately after this. 
Drinks- bottled drinks only. No fountain beverages or water fountain. And if you ask for a cup of water you get a 4 oz plastic cup 3/4 full with water. Kept in pitcher in the fridge. Behind the counter. I guess if the food had some flavor or had some spice and wasn't $$ then I would have been compelled to by their bottled water or jarritos. 
We won't be back.This is the only taco shop in philly so far that reminds me those fabulous taco places in Austin Texas. Dining environment is super clean, new and relaxing. Tacos are food truck style and some are mixed with Korean cuisine. Though it's no longer a new thing in the 'taco industry' but still very tasty and fun. It would be Michu better if they serve different types of tortillas made of different flours. The tortillas they used are not super flavorful and too soft, tastes like the packed tortilla from supermarket.Yummy yummy tacos and interesting choices! They have some unique flavors and every one I have tried has been SO GOOD. They do not let you mix and match tacos though, so go with someone and split orders ;) 
The servings look small but they are very filling and Revolution doesn't skimp on meat or toppings at all, so you don't feel like you're getting jipped. I had the chicken verde and my friend had the Korean 
barbecue last time and holy cow were they good. I could eat like 30 of them. Not really but I wanted to. 
The service was a liiiittle slow, but that's because they make everything to order so I'm not complaining, just giving you the facts up front so you aren't surprised. Totally worth the wait because it all tastes fresh and delicious.
Revolution also serves Jarritos and Mexican  Coke, which I think makes this place more appealing because you don't find those drinks everywhere and they are soooo tasty. 
Basically if you haven't gone and you like tacos and/or burritos, you're missing out and you should totally jump on this bandwagon, there's plenty of room and you won't regret it like Britney shouldn't regret that buzz cut because she was ahead of her time.Solid taco selection, good ingredients.
Chicken tikka: not bad, not remarkable
Korean short rib: standout
Cauliflower: great
Chorizo: topping was nice, chorizo was a bit dry and too salty. Would have been better if it wasn't just a huge mound of chorizo on the bottom and all the delicious but sparse toppings on top.
Four was one too many for one meal.Fresh, great, unusual combinations!   We went on a Saturday, and had to wait about 20 minutes, but it was very tasty and flavorful!Offering burritos, burrito bowls, and of course tacos, this casual spot has the potential to become a new neighborhood favorite. We came here on opening day and had a great experience. The owners also run several food trucks, and fare is similar to that type of high end street food. They definitely have some interesting choices on their taco menu like beef tongue and roast duck, but being that I'm a vegetarian I tried the fried tofu tacos and a spinach and fontina empanada. The flavor was very tasty and the tofu was fried just right in a spicy-sweet goodness. There are several hot sauces to choose from too and each one was pretty good. The only thing I would change is an additional mix and match option so I could have tried a couple of different tacos in one order, but they currently don't offer this. I will be back soon and definitely want to try the burrito bowl!Channeling my inner Valley girl: So, like seriously, these are the best tacos--ever. Chips and guac are like totally awesome. The neg reviewers--oh my god-- clueless! Whatever...So glad to have something in the Rittenhouse Square area that is quick, affordable and delicious (and a byob)! Hell yeah. Everything on the menu is delicious and the duck and scallion pancake is so delicious I don't even have words for it. 
bbq beef brisket is also another favorite!This place has some of the best tacos in the city. The seating area is small and gets packed for lunch, so get there early. The steak tacos were my favorite, but the chicken tacos are out of this world too. My co-workers swear by the burritos but I love the tacos too much to change. Maybe next time. Enjoy!I think we could call ourselves taco lovers.  We love a good taco and this place sounded just right.  It's a simple place which clearly helps keep the price point lower.  It wasn't their best day however with trash overflowing and dirty floors and tables.  We ordered anyway because it looked like they had some nice food options.  I ordered the 3 little pigs which was okay but not exceptional.  I happily offered the second taco to my boyfriend who had gotten a burrito bowl with the ground beef.  I was  more disappointed with that unfortunately.  The only really exceptional item was the back and date empanada.  The flavors were great and unique and they were a great dessert.  Stop by for an empanada.Figured I would give this place a chance instead of going to Buena Onda, my usual taco place.  Right off the bat this place was off the wrong start as it forces you to order 2 or 3 of each different type of taco. I decided to order the ground beef burrito bowl  which was very average, the lettuce and salsa seemed very fresh but the beef tasted like something anyone could have made at home. Additionally I got a side of guac which was on par with chipotle, probably worse, and was more expensive. 
In the end this is just a very average taco spot in a city where average restaurants don't survive long.Came in on Mix it up Mondays for my first time ever and got the Short Ribs, Pastor and Ground Beef. All 3 were amazing!!! Just a little more $ than you would spend at Chipotle but way better Tacos. I will definitely be back!!Came here for lunch after reading all the great reviews.  I was really underwhelmed by the food.  
I order Beef Tongue & Cheek tacos based on the reviews.  The beef tongue was deep fried and over cooked to the point where you can't tell it's the tongue.  It was far from the soft and moist meat you expect in a lengua taco.  You also can't tell the cheek is cheek, it tasted no different from any random bland shredded pork.  I actually prefer the Chipotle carnitas to this.
The only positive is the portion size, 2 tacos would have been enough for me.  I am baffled by all the high reviews.  May be I will come back to try the other tacos, but definitely a vote down for the Tongue and Cheek taco.I went for lunch and it was very good. I had the smoked mushroom tacos and fontina and cheese empanada. Both were delicious. Tried my friend guacamole and chips and it was great. Tasty hot sauces, too. Excited to try more there.Revolution Taco is not starting a revolution. But if you're in the area is a great little spot for a interesting burrito or tacos. The burrito was rice heavy which masked the other favors. The homemade hot sauces help add some extra spice/flavor, even if they weren't the spiciest around.The duck tacos are incredible!!! I'm not a huge duck person but I saw that people were raving about them so I had to try. Will definitely be back to order them again! :) also the pineapple hot sauce is really good too.This is overrated and it's not authentic at all. Extremely pricy for what it offers, you're better going to chipotle or something. That's how not great it is. I'd definitely recommend other locations for a better price and quality food.I happened to check Twitter at just the right time & discovered Revolution Taco was doing a soft open today. I'd been eagerly awaiting its opening as there is a severe lack of amazing tacos on the west side of Rittenhouse Square. 
I wasn't sure what to expect but I walked in and the interior was sleek & spacious. Plenty of room for lunch buddies! The staff was very friendly and seemed skilled/knowledgeable despite being brand new. 
I wanted to try everything on the menu but practicality struck and I got 2 chorizo tacos (the chorizo is made in-house!) and the naked burrito bowl (so I could feel less guilty about ordering more than one thing!) The chorizo was amazing. Even the shell itself was bursting with flavor. I don't think I've ever truly tasted a tortilla until this day. The roasted pork naked burrito was just beyond delicious. There was so much flavor in every bite.  I shared my other taco with a coworker & she could not believe how amazing it was either! 
Revolution Taco is now my go-to lunch spot.  There are gluten free options. There are vegan options. You can and should bring everyone you know - no excuses! I need to try everything on the menu - the empanadas are calling my name.  I'm also hoping in the future they might consider a "flight" of tacos so it's easier to try everything!Delicious tacos. Fresh guac is great. Making tacos great again!I am a big fan of tacos and was extremely underwhelmed by this place.  
Here are the things that disappointed me about this place:
* When you walk in, it is very challenging to see the menu and even more difficult to see the specials.
* The cashier was not very friendly. Not outwardly rude, but clearly having a bad day.
* The little cups for the salsa are REALLY hard to close. We ended up crushing two of them just trying to get the top on.
* I heard someone ask for a knife - "we don't have plastic knives"... what?! I understand that you are primarily serving tacos, which generally do not require utensils, but what if someone (like the guy who asked) wanted to cut a burrito or empanada?  So bizarre.
* Most importantly - the FOOD. I went with two co-workers and we were all really unsatisfied with our orders.  Two of us got burrito bowls (1 chicken and 1 beef) and one a burrito (beef).  The rice was horrible.  While we were waiting for our food, I thought I heard one of the people on the line say that the rice had been cooked for a minute too long before switching it out for a new bag of rice.  After receiving my food, I am SURE that is what she said.  The rice was bland, really overcooked and had a very odd taste to it - horrible.  The beans and meat (and everything else) were very boring - no real flavor at all, not even after I doused it in salsa.  And worst of all - LETTUCE! My fault for not reading the board more closely, but lettuce on a burrito?!  Such a sin.
I will not be going back, ever.  There was nothing about this place that would warrant a return visit. Bummer.Quality spot to grab a few tacos! I had the chicken which were yummy. Corn tortillas and onions, more like a traditional taco not Tex mex. Also got chips and salsa but that wasn't worth it. The chips are the thick kind and there was no where near enough salsa to chip ratio. I left 3/4s if my chips untouched cause the tiny salsa ramekin was gone in minutes.Got the chips and guac and al pastor tacos both so good! I usually don't like al pastor tacos cause I like my pineapples cold but this pineapple salsa was really good and so was the red pepper crema. The pork was really good and flavorful and it was not fatty at all more like shredded pork. Also loved the chips and guac. The guac was so fresh and tasty and the chips were delicious not too thin or thick! The guac is more of a one person meal because you don't get a big thing of guac or a lot of chips but it was the perfect amount for me. Def would recommend this placeAfter a long workout the night before, and a beautiful sunny Saturday ahead of us, the bf and I trekked to Revolution Taco. He tried the fried tofu tacos and I got the burrito bowl with portabello mushrooms - both were great!! 
The tacos (3.5/5) - they came with pickled veggies, fried tofu and were double wrapped, making them a lot heavier than we thought. They also had a hot sauce bar (YESSS) but unfortunately not of the hot sauces were actually that spicy (?). The only complaint on the tacos was it seemed like they didn't put enough veggies and when you're ordering a veggie taco, that's critical. But of the pickled veggies I did try, they were all amazing and pickled to perfection. The fried tofu was great too - crispy on the outside and warm and soft on the inside. 
Burrito Bowl (4/5) - the best part of the bowl was how fresh it was. The lettuce, black beans, portabello mushroom pieces, sticky white rice (FYI: no brown rice option) and guac with a light sour cream drizzle was exactly what I was craving. It would be cool if you make fried tofu your protein to make the bowl a little more filling, but with the two double wrapped tacos and this bowl, we were definitely full. 
Service (5/5): Amazing. Our server was so friendly and knowledgeable! He saw me eyeing the salted chocolate brownie and when he asked if I wanted one, I said we'll see after the meal if I have room. Obviously was too full, but when he asked again and I expressed how full I was, he gave me and my bf both the equivalent of almost half a brownie! It was a sweet gesture and he genuinely just wanted us to try it.Great, innovative vegetarian options. I've had the fried tofu tacos as well as the chickpea burritos. Both are unique and have great flavor profiles. They have a good assortment of salsas to add to your food. Revolution Taco is a great addition to the area!Ordered the chicken tinga burrito and the chorizo burrito through GrubHub. What I received was a chicken tinga and a ground beef burrito :/ after a few bites this place immediately reminded me of a Chipotle and what I mean by that is a lack of flavor. So overall Im disappointed in my purchase and probably won't be coming back. Bring out the Valentina hot sauce, it's needed!!If you don't eat meat, you don't want to live on pizza, and you want something with protein in it, your Philly lunch options can be limited. Like many other places, most of the menu at Revolution has meat on it -- and looks good, if you're into that -- but their tofu tacos are so good that I don't care about having more options.Pricey , slow , food was dry. Had a variety of tacos and guacamole and chips. Burrito also. Bom Bom is better. Tortilla was so thick and dry, no flavor.Figured I give this Taco joint a try as I was walking down Walnut Street post lunch hour. Based on the reviews I was really excited, but unfortunately the taco I purchased missed the mark for me. I ordered the Duck Taco - 1 taco is $8 bucks. I will give them credit for the creativity, but the duck itself was overcooked and quite dry. I was able to manage the taste due to the wide variety of hot sauces. Anyhow if you're empanda fan - I will give credit to their special of the day Buffalo Chicken ($3). I would rate that 3.5 stars - a little higher than the taco - go figure. For the price of the taco, I would pass on the duck taco from my perspective. Also, didn't like the fact for the other meats, that you have to order them in quantities of 2 or 3. I would prefer to be able to mix n match.This place is small and nice. Try their salsa verde and stick to the tacos pastor, they are pork with an awesome balanced pineapple salsa. The rest I found either salty or confusing to the palate. Truly try the pastor and be satisfiedStumbled into Revolution Taco simply because I was being lazy before heading home from a hairdresser appointment. I needed to eat,  I like tacos, and I was already on Walnut street. Coming here was just logic. I have never rad a review nor heard of this place.
What did I get? I love Duck when it's done well and  was pretty willing to go with the recommendation  of the cashier. With that said I forced ranked and got the Roast Duck Taco instead of the Korean Short rib which ill try once I overdose on the Duck Taco.
Overdose is the right word. I fell in love with the Roast Duck Taco. The pancake shell was devine and sturdy and once I got a bite with the crispy chicken skin I was over the moon. The cabbage slaw, mushrooms and plum sauce make it a masterpiece and the amount of Duck made the $8 taco I got a meal. I was satisfied. I've contemplated driving into the city just to get it again. 
Washed the taco down with a Guava soda. I got my order to go and ate it in the car while I drove home but the place was clean while I waited for my order. Not a lot of waiting area space but that wasn't an issue order came out fast and if I would've dined-in on a Friday night around 7p I could've found a seat. Yummy..I'm glad I stumbled in.Came in on a snowy Friday evening around 6:30pm. It was busy, but after we ordered we stood around a bit and managed to score a hightop table for two. We split the chips and guacamole and there was a perfect guac to chip ratio. The chips were warm and crispy and the guacamole was cool and creamy. I had the spinach and fontina empanada and the special smoked pork empanada. Both were very good, but also a bit too salty for my taste. I had to fill up my small water cup three times while eating them. Perhaps it could have gone without the salt or cheese or whatever it was that was sprinkled on it. Dining Partner enjoyed a chicken burrito sans black beans and said it filled him up without making him feel like he was going to explode. I really dislike the fact that you can't "mix and match" tacos. That's one thing I really do hope they reconsider in the future. It's BYOB so if you plan to dine in, bring a bottle or two.Decent tacos. Way overpriced guacamole ($8 for a serving that might last 8-10 chips). Service was mediocre; the lady taking my order was very nice and patient. $45 for 6 tacos, gauc and chips, two wagers, and a brownie.Alright, I hate to say this but expectations weren't met :( 
Went in on a Friday during lunch and ordered the fish of the day (fried octopus) 2 tacos and a spinach & fontina empanada. Waited about 40 minutes for takeout, no problem, I understand it's prime food time in the city and I wasn't in a rush, but this would not have been ideal timing during my normal work day.
For spending close to $15 or $16 gotta say I was pretty disappointed. I was expecting tacos filled with delicious goodies and flavor.. instead i got tortillas, fried octopus, cabbage and some sauce. Even after adding 3 different kinds of additional sauces I was left unsatisfied. 
I will say the empanada was delicious and I've heard the duck is really good so if I come back I know what I'm ordering, but not really motivated to make a trip so soon.I am giving it three stars as I have a mixed opinion. We ordered Chicken and Cauliflower Tacos. The chicken tacos were just okay, not really flavourful but the cauliflower ones were really great. It had fried cauliflower, avocados and fried potatoes shavings...Yum! I even liked the mellow yellow sauce. I will return to the place only to have Cauliflower Tacos since it's super close by.Great place to grab some tacos for a reasonable price and very quickly as well. I highly recommend trying RT out. I had the bbq cauliflower tacos, they were good.good:
tacos - bbq brisket was excellent, ground beef and tongue&cheek also worth getting
byob
chips/salsa - chips made in house, best i've had in philly
appearance - store appears unfinished, but has a really cool setup
bad:
speed - took 15+ minutes to fill order
no glasses - they only have tiny plastic cups, not so great for wine
weekly special fish (cod) taco - didn't seem to have any seasoning, buena onda does a much better job with seafood tacos
music - noticeably weird
overall: check it out if you're going to byob, this place just opened so it'll take a minute to figure itself out. will definitely go backMy favorite lunch spot in Center city HANDS DOWN. You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Each item on the item seems to have been designed with with the most complimentary combination of flavors. The staff there is always pleasant and fast to fill orders. Olivia is a sweetheart! These are the best tacos I've ever had. The prices are very reasonable, especially considering how filling 2 or 3 tacos from here are. The burritos, bowls & empanadas are delicious as well. Great people, comfortable & clean space, and delicious food that make for an exceptional dining experience every time!This is great food. The food is great. I keep having to type something into this description to have it be valid, so I will continue to type. Take my word, for me to even give a shred of a shit to continue this typing crusade, the food is fantastic. End of thoughtSmoked mushroom tacos had a great smoky flavor and the mix of mushrooms, black beans, corn, and the chimmichurri was a winner. I added the salsa roja and it was . Two tacos was plenty for a whole meal and the service was quick and ambiance neat. Will definitely go back to try the cauliflower variety (sadly the tofu one is no longer on the menu).Everything is delicious.  I highly recommend the duck taco and the brisket.  House made sauces are amazing.Wow and wow! I came here on a whim after seeing the long line and heavy traffic outside the entrance. Revolution taco is a small, chipotle-like restaurant that is meant to serve tacos and serve them fast. They have a wide selection of gourmet tacos (duck confit!??), and even vegan options! I ordered the smoked mushroom tacos and spinach empanadas, with a side of guacamole. The tacos were incredible! Each taco comes with two corn tortillas and cabbage with a special spicy sauce on top. The mushrooms were abundant and tasted delicious. Each week, they have different taco and empanadas specials- definitely want to give the shrimp special a try next time. They have about five different sauces on the condiment bar, each one with its own unique flavor. When I saw the blackberry sauce, I was admittedly skeptical at first, but shocked to find out how delicious the tangy and sweet taste complemented the tacos. The empanadas was great! Although it was a bit small, it was very tasty. The guacamole was delicious although not as good as other places that offer similar options. Overall, the staff were friendly, the service was fast, and the food was fresh and tasty. With reasonable prices, Revolution taco is a great center city option and I cannot wait to go back and bring some of my friends next time!This place is awesome. So I was downtown with my GF on Saturday and came in here to grab a quick bite to tide me over before dinner. We were going to Lacroix so you know we love food.  Cool decor with rustic feel and peppers from around the world on a wall.  Staff shirts and counter say "Tacos Without Borders" and that is what they have. They have an internationally inspired take on tacos: Southwest, Asian; Caribbean, etc. The Tongue and Cheek had a homemade Kimchi and the taste and texture (crispy tongue... what!!!) were amazing.  The Roast Duck was on maybe the best scallion pancake I've ever had and it had pickled mushrooms and a plum BBQ sauce that went great together.  I saw the other reviews on here and all I'd say is if you want Taco Bell or other "authentic" or "traditional" tacos then don't go here.  This place was obviously created by and for people who love food.  I'm hungry again writing this.  Lots of stuff on the menu I want to try. I might have to drive downtown for lunch!!All I can say is THANK YOU!
Our company had a last-minute lunch meeting that required catering, and boy oh boy, did Rachel and Revolution Taco pull through. With less than 24 hours notice, they flawlessly catered our meeting of about 20 people with delicious food that everyone enjoyed. Our special dietary needs were met, and all substitutions were executed as well. I can't speak more highly of the team and the food.I am on the fence about Revolution Taco because I've had one disappointing meal and one fantastic meal.
On my first visit I ordered the duck taco. The dish borrows elements of Chinese cooking without proper execution. For me, the worst part was the scallion pancake - greasy and messy to hold. I would have preferred a tortilla.
I enjoyed what I ordered the second time - mushroom tacos and short rib empanada. The tortillas were firm and served as the perfect receptacle for hearty mushrooms, beans, and corn. The empanada was the best thing I'd eaten in a while - crispy, flaky, and full of cheesy goodness. This alone would warrant a return visit. 
Next time I visit I will try one of the more traditional tacos and update accordingly.If ur looking for a $6 taco, head down the street to Qdoba. For a few bucks more, go to Revolution Taco and get great food. They just opened last weekend and we ordered takeout. Good portions, great flavors. Friendly staff, good vibe in the place.  We will be backBest tacos!! We're from delco but happily make the drive to center city  just to get some revolution tacosi will start every review for mexican food i eat on the east coast by saying this - i was born and raised in LA...so i know good mexican food. take with that what you will. 
over two years on the east coast...i've tried two spots. both places i tried aren't traditional mexican restaurants and i set my expectations realistically. the first place i went to, i was highly disappointed. bland bland bland and service sucked.
i decided to give this place a shot. again, wasn't expecting much and was waiting to be a little disappointed tbh...but damn. these tacos are good! i got three of the bbq brisket tacos. omg! soft tender meat, seasoned well, crisp fresh cabbage slaw, jalapenos, and fried shallots. all tucked into perfect corn tortillas. will def be hittin them up again fo sho!4 Stars - Quick fast food style restaurant serving good tacos. Menu also includes burritos, chips & sides and a few other smaller items. 
I tried Revolution Taco twice now and enjoyed my tacos each time. I like the Chicken Tinga, Pork Pastor and the fish tacos. Portions are good, you can order 2 or 3 tacos for most selections (Duck is only 1 or 2 tacos). The toppings are very flavorful and served on two soft tortilla's. Be careful when you bite them, lots of the sauce  will fall out the other end. I was not a big fan of the duck tacos as they were served on a scallion pancake which was way too oily for me (but the toppings were good once again). 
I'm disappointed you can't order two or three different tacos in each order, they all have to be the same. If your with a friend, you can always swap a taco with them if they get something different. Not sure why this rule is in place? 
They have 4-5 hot sauces on the counter you can add to your tacos if you like. They all appeared spicy. Since I'm a spice lightweight, I skipped the sauces. 
The restaurant has a fair amount of seating but fills up quickly, there appears to be a loyal following for Revolution Taco. You place your order, pay and wait for your number to be called. It takes at least 5 minutes as the tacos are made to order.
Some reviews complain about the prices, about $8-$9 for two and $10 - $11 for three tacos. Given the fresh ingredients, the fact that the tacos are made fresh to order and the large portion size, I think the prices are fair. This is a step-up from Taco Bell and the price point reflects that.
Recommended
BKA tiny, but bright space to grab a bite to eat or to-go. Service is very friendly and your food is made-to-order, so you know it's fresh.
I had a pork burrito bowl, which was very tasty and I dare-say probably the best I've had in the city. The empanadas were good, but rather small for $3/each. 
I'd definitely come back to try the tacos, especially since on the day I went, they had shark tacos!! However, I'll probably have to bring a friend since mixing and matching isn't allowed and I like variety.Always a good spot to stop in for some fresh made tacos or burritos. I jump at the opportunity to eat here if I have a chance. Good luck with trying the Diablo XXX sauce, it's pretty potent. I usually stick with the salsa roja.Potentially the best burrito I've had in the city. Huge serving and full of flavor. My only complaint is that their hot sauces- while they have some interesting flavored (like blackberry) and not very hot. I will remember to bring a bottle of tobasco with me next time.The tacos here at spot on and the staff is super helpful and friendly. 
The empanadas are also top notch.This place definitely lives up to it's reputation. I came here with my wife, and three boys 17, 13, 9. Everyone found something to eat and enjoyed it...a rare find!
Took the advice from another review and ordered 2 X beef tongue and cheek. She was right...if you ignore where the meat comes from the taste and texture will carry you away. Also added the duck taco (wrapped in scallion pancake) and date/bacon empanada filled with cream cheese (side of honey almonds). Everything tasted amazing!
The rest of the family had the smoked chicken tacos, three little pigs tacos and smoked chicken burrito.
Congrats and keep up the good work!Took forever to get our BBQ tacos and chicken burrito.  Mediocre, overpriced food.  I will stick to Chipotle.  Better food for less money.These tacos are amazing! A little pricy, but I was extremely pleased with the vegan curried cauliflower tacos! They were so flavorful and not mushy like most cauliflower dishes can be! The guacamole and chips are also so good but probably not worth the $7. What is worth the price: the duck taco in the scallion pancake and the sea salt fudge brownies. I would come here solely for those brownies and be completely content.My favorite quick go-to in the area! Multiple tack options but I'm gluten free so a few I can't try. They've always had gf tacos but have now added a gf tortilla for burritos, and it was fantastic!!! Can't wait to have one again!The Chipotle BBQ Brisket tacos are really good. The Gold Angus Ground Beef tacos were a little dry and bland. Definitely going back again though!They are the best tacos I ever had.  I have only been there once which was on 4/26/2017 and I plan on going back today. I got the Chorizo tacos and they were soooooooo good.  My only complaint and I have seen this complaint by other people is: You can not mix and match.  I would have gotten 3 different tacos because 3 Chorizo tacos is very rich.  I hope that the owners start listening to people and allow mix and match.  I plan to take 2 buddies next week to accomplish this... If you never been here, bring a friend or two...I walked by the other day and was intrigued. So i went today and it was soooo goood! Fresh and flavorful! A bit pricey if you ask me but i wasnt disappointed with my meal at all. Maybe a once a month thing to splurge but overall very good and I would recommend trying it for sure! I got the fancy angus ground beef ones, chips and guac.Unfortunately we've had the displeasure of encountering a staff named Alexandria who repeatedly out loud kept complaining not only about the store management but also made allegations such as the supervisors often force the employees to take tequila shots during slow hours. We understand employees have frustrations and it's perfectly normal to vent, however, when done in front of customers, it just appears unprofessional and creates a negative ambience. When it happened at our every visit,  we stopped going to the shop and just ordered in from them just so we didn't have to encounter the disgruntled employee. 
Excellent Tacos, fast service, and prices are great. Set in a convenient location. My husband and I frequently order in , would recommend to people.Awesome little taqueria in center city.  
Quality made in house products that are flavorful and delicious.  
They make their own sauces as well. 
Definitely go for the tongue and cheek taco.  Cows tongue and pork cheeks.  They braise and then fry the meat and then build this delicious taco with house made slaw and jalapeños.  
Totally worth the stop in town.  
Don't waste your time on other taco shops, this one is the best.bold and delicious!  been waiting for to come here for a while and not disappointed. great location too.(to the tune of Ke$ha's "TiK ToK")
Dinner time hits hard, tum growlin' like a kitty,
Grab my wallet and my girl, we're hittin' Center City
Before I leave, check my purse, got some cash and my card
Gonna fill my mouth with tacos, one with fancy "canard"
I'm talking brisket with jalapenos (YOS)
Some tasty housemade chorizo (ZO)
Sprinkle on a little more queso (so)
Sure they got vegan for veggie lovers
Tryna eat all the others.....
I'll stick with meat-eating brothers
Don't stop, taco shop
Making all our tastebuds pop
Tonight, imma fight
my buddy for the last bite
Tik Tok-oh, the shop
Mouth Party don't stop. (x2)
Ain't got a care in the world, we don't even need beer
Have a few bucks in your pocket? Lord knows that you should eat here.
At busy times, line stacks up cuz they heard of beef tongue
Worth the wait, tacos great, for patrons old or the young...
Beef tongue/smoky pork cheeks (check). House made chorizo (check). Infamous roast duck taco (check). Five tacos, two gals, and a buttload of hot sauce. We went for the guac and chips while we were waiting, and were not disappointed. Much like everything else we tried, the portion sizes were generous and the ingredients fresh. I LOVED the chorizo. I was pretty fond of the tongue/cheek. I would happily fill my plate with that duck taco any day of the week. 
PRO TIP: Don't skimp on the variety of sauces. Each one is pretty solid BUT the REAL Cinderella story was the Blackberry Hot Sauce. I put it on almost every bite. I contemplated stealing the bottle, but wouldn't want to risk a lifetime ban.
Price is right, space is small but not TINY and definitely packs it in. Will be back. Can't come soon enough.Found this place on Yelp and decided to give it try. I would consider myself a connoisseur of tacos, and really enjoy finding a place that makes a good one. Taco Revolution is delicious! I would consider it a fresh take on tacos, with a unique and creative menu. The chicken taco was fresh and delicious, and I think the goat cheese really made the taco vibrant. If you want a low key restaurant, but a quality meal, I would highly suggest Taco Revolution! 
I also really enjoyed their salsa varieties!This has been a go to quick lunch or dinner spot for my boyfriend and I for almost a year. After dinner last night we both became nauseous and I was sick all night. Positive that I got food poisoning from our dinner. Will not be going back.Finally got around to trying this place and was not disappointed in the slightest. I'd heard the tacos were a bit pricey, but after dining here I understand why. Not only are they delicious, but they're stuffed to the brim and seriously filling! Don't let the $8 tag on the duck taco scare you off because it is scrumptious.Visited on a weekday around lunch time (1:00 pm). Fairly crowded. I ordered for 2 chicken tinga tacos to go. I got my order in less than 10 mins after ordering which was a good timing I'd say.
The tacos were delicious, chicken was well seasoned and well cooked. Perfect balance of veggies and a perfect taco for warm weather. Please note, the tacos are huge and filling.
3 cheers just for that to go container (attached in the pic). Kept my food intact without messing up tacos.
The only down side is they don't allow mix and match and the minimum number of tacos you can get is 2. So if you want to try out multiple options, either go with an starving empty stomach or take couple of friends with you.Tacos were great, and a nice selection to choose from. Can't mix and match different ones though. They have a couple tables inside, but it can get tight pretty quick if it fills up or there's a long line. A great lunch place.This was our second time at Revolution Taco-- we had the mushroom tacos, chicken tinga, and the pork pastor. 
Mon: 
Really yummy innards! The fillings are packed with flavor and spill out the tortillas, which is awesome. 
However, I cannot get over the fact that their tortillas are not made in house! (I asked.) It is a *taco* shop. "Taco's" in the name! If my namesake were "taco", I would make the best damn, most authentic tacos you could find-- which mandates homemade tortillas. If it were your regular, schmegular Mexican restaurant, I feel like this could be overlooked, but for some reason the name Revolution *Taco* raises the bar.
Ahh, homemade tortillas would just put it over the top for me.
Cute environment. Good for a casual date or a quick lunch.
Trum:
Now, Mon is gonna claim that the tortillas were not great because they are not homemade. Believe me when I say these are the best tacos in Philly I have ever had, and the tortillas are perfect. The flavors in the tacos are really vibrant, and the shell provides a delicious filling delivery experience straight to your mouth. Great tacos, great atmosphere.Revolution Taco is aptly named because when I had their Chipotle BBQ Brisket tacos, I had a revolution in my mouth.
Ok so I have no idea what that means exactly BUT they were soooo good. Brisket was tender, the sauce was spot on, the pickled jalapeños added a kick and a tartness, the crispy shallots added texture. These were some of the best tacos I've had in a long time.
If the rest of the menu is like this, I am one happy customer!
Thanks Revolution, I'll be back :)Super delicious tacos! Crazy lunch crowd so plan accordingly but definitively worth waiting for.  Portions are quite sizable to keep that in mind when ordering. Love the variety of sauces to compliment the main courses.Finally got to check out revolution taco on a Sunday night and was pleasantly surprised! The menu is creative and expansive, the service is very friendly, and the restaurant is very clean. The staff even let us taste some salsas before we chose our meals. We went for fried cauliflower tacos and brisket tacos. Unfortunately they are sold in sets of two and you can't mix and match, so a friend and I split four! The cauliflower tacos were very good, but the brisket tacos were amazing! I almost went back for seconds! The chips and gauc were also very tasty! The atmosphere is casual and the space is small, but they weren't very crowded on a Sunday night. Only thing I thought was missing was a liquor license, a beer would've been perfect with their tacos! Will definitely be back soon to try the rest of the menu!I am leaving this review on Yelp instead of a food ordering and delivery service which shall not be named but which has the initials GH... why? Because if the food never arrives you don't get an opportunity to leave a review on GH. 
So anyway - You know when you order food and you are really excited about it? Well, we just moved into a new place and are demo-ing it ahead of a full on renovation. So we basically live in one room while the rest of the rooms are in a state of complete chaos, plaster dust, and old insulation. (Read: no kitchen). It was Friday after a full day of construction work and we were hungry and tired. Tacos sounded like just the thing, and we were really excited for our meal to arrive! We ordered a big mess of food and then started waiting. One hour passed, but I figured 'hey its Friday! Lots of people want tacos!" We waited another hour. At 2 hours in, I called the restaurant but believe it or not, nobody answered. I finally called GH who refunded the $ after not being able to get a hold of anyone at the restaurant either. But it didnt matter, we had waited so long (and had quite a few of the beers we intended to drink with the tacos) that it was too late to get anything else. (I had a almost slimy banana and some pita chips for dinner, all that we had in our makeshift apartment). 
Listen Revolution Taco! When people order take out, sometimes they dont have any other options and that food arriving means something. Dont accept orders you cannot fill.I just ate a burrito bowl with a chickpea veggie burger on it. It was perfectly delicious! A bed of fluffy rice was sprinkled with black beans (tender, not mushy),shredded lettuce, lime crème, and spicy and flavorful salsa roja and pico de gallo (I chose to leave out the cheese). The burger came as 3 or 4 finger-sized logs - crispy on the outside and creamy on the inside strips - I loved them. Will definitely return. With a drink it came to $10-something - a great price for a perfect lunch or dinner.I would give this place five stars if there wasn't an issue with my order. I placed an order online for pickup, so I could get back to work and enjoy eating these delicious tacos. Unfortunately, they weren't ready when I had gotten there and I had to wait about an additional 25 minutes. The plus side is that these tacos were really good. I order the house made chorizo tacos and even without the addition of any sauces, these tacos were very well done. My advice is not to go if you're in a time crunch because they are very busy (a good thing for a business; a bad thing for people on limited lunch breaks).Great place with quick service. Don't be afraid to ask the workers what's on the special menu! 
This place is like Chipotle... but better. The price is a bit higher, but so is the food quantity. They add their special sauce which makes the dish SO MUCH BETTER!These tacos are legit. The portions are generous - there is a lot of meat in each! Honestly, 2 tacos would be enough for me but I was very hungry and I just went for 3. Also, I was with 2 friends to share - which brings me to why I docked a star. No mixing and matching? Who wants 3 of the same taco? The beauty of having so many varieties is being able to try them! 
I shared the Korean short rib, brisket, and chorizo tacos. I think the chorizo was my favorite, followed close by the brisket. The Korean short rib was good too but I think the sauce was a bit sweet. 
There are 4 salsa options. However 2 were labeled hot and 2 were very mild... Maybe some bottles were missing but I found it strange there was nothing in between. 
Overall, delicious tacos. Definitely try it (with friends to mix and share)!Checking this place out due to great Yelp reviews.
This location is located in a busy cool spot of Philly.
The decor is really nice but seating is limited (maybe 15-20 people).
The cashier was just blah. Not mean but not friendly as I would expect from a higher priced lunch spot.
Tried the duck tacos ($14 for 2) since I saw such positive reviews.  The scallion pancake outside was tasty.   I was not crazy about it.  I'm not a duck eater so it may be me but not my favorite.
Since you can't mix and match tacos my friend ordered the brisket tacos ($12 for 2) and we swapped a taco.  I really enjoyed the brisket taco.  It was a generous size but a bit greasy.  I suppose from the meat.   I can't imagine if I had to have it to go.  Luckily we got there early to sit at a tab;e.
They have a few Salas to choose from.  I chose plain which was ok.
Meals are prepared to order so it was about a 15-20 min wait.
Had the fontina cheese empanada ($3).   It was very tasty. Really loved it 
All in all I spent about $18 for lunch with no drinks.  2 tacos and 1 empanada.  A bit pricy for lunch (for me) especially with no waitress service.
There is definitely a following. The place was busy on a cold rainy winter day.  I can only imagine the summer.
Will I be back?  Probably not.As a vegetarian, tacos can be boring. But not here! The curried cauliflower tacos are to die for....esp. when paired with their multitude of sauces! Highly recommend and would def go back!If you're looking to order from their catering menu, I strongly advise you to look elsewhere. It's the most poorly run, disorganized, unprofessional and non dependable establishment I've ever dealt with for catering. I went back and forth to set up the menu for my dinner program for two days. Sent her the date and time I wished to pick up my order. I was promised a taco bar with everything from the meat to the taco toppings, catering chafing wire racks, stereos, disposable utensils, napkins, and paper boats. I even called to confirm the day of to make sure that my order was being processed and would  be ready to pick up at the specified time, which they did confirm.  When I showed up to pick up my catering order, I was told there was no order for catering. The manager (also the one responsible for coordinating the catering) was not there and when she was called by the gentleman at the register, I was told she's not sure what happened, she's "going to go back and look at her emails and call back" she couldn't even as much as apologize to me for a major screw up. Meanwhile I was left without a meal for 15 people for an important dinner meeting starting shortly thereafter. Don't make the same mistake I made and trust this place. I only rated it as a one start because yelp wouldn't let me give zero.Revolution is a simple option if you're considering something that is akin to a Tex-Mex craving at a pretty reasonable price. I think a good comparison to their "burrito bowls" is to think about what you might order at a national chain like Chipotle (~$11). Since I am from out of town, I had to go for the tacos on my first visit. I tried three pork tacos ($10), which were flavorful due to the pineapple topping. However, they were extremely greasy and not even the double corn tortillas (which weren't really toasted or very warm) would hold a full taco together.
My wife and I ordered the chips, salsa, and guac (~$10) to share, and portion wise, it's a bit small. I would likely not get this again. While the chips were fresh, the guac is simply mashed avocados (no ingredients like onions, tomatoes, serrano peppers, garlic, etc.). The salsa was neither mild, medium, nor hot. It was more on the sweet side...
Great location and friendly staff, but there's not much seating if it's crowded. Seems like this is a spot where a lot of people order and take their meals to-go.Disappointed. My girlfriend and I visited after taking the PATCO from New Jersey. We had a great day visiting The Nook and the Mütter Museum and thought we'd grab a bite to eat before heading home. When we saw Revolution we were so happy and excited to try something new. However, upon receiving our food, we were met with disappointment. Our Tacos (Korean BBQ and Cauliflower BBQ) were both pretty upon arrival but under seasoned and frankly just meh. The chips were good but pricy and the guacamole it came with also needed something else. Genuinely don't think we'll come back. Wouldn't recommend.I came in expecting more. Far from good tacos. They're pretty big. I got 2 ground beef, 3 chicken tinga. Wish I had known they were that big. I spent $19 for 5 tacos.The ground beef was somewhat edible. Taste like a whopper in a taco though. The chicken was less desirable. It tastes like the chicken was cooked over 3 days ago. Very hard dried out chicken with no flavor. I guess I was expecting shredded chicken but it's more like cubed chicken with just oil as the flavor. It really is hard to find good tacos downtown. On the plus side, the guy at the counter provided good service.The Best of Philly issue hit my doorstep and I saw that Revolution Taco had won Best Fusion Taco - and the next day, I was at RT, ordering the lauded Roast Duck Taco and the Korean Short Rib Taco. The Roast Duck was a great mix of flavors, texture, and the best use of a scallion pancake I've ever experienced. The Short Rib was also very good although I did get some very fatty pieces and found it a little salty.I came in here for a quick lunch (I had been given a giftcard and I wanted to use it). I ordered the mushroom burrito bowl -- delicious! It doesn't look like a big lunch in the bowl they provide, but I was stuffed after eating. All good fresh ingredients - I will definitely be back for lunch!Wanted to pass along my serious frustration about what happened to me today at your walnut st. Store. I come here WEEKLY for lunch on my lunch break, often times when you guys are very busy and normally am in and out. Today you were NOT that busy I came in and ordered the chickpea veggie burger burrito and an empanada TO GO. As I sat there and time began to pass very quickly, and everyone whom ordered after me got their food I asked the cashier where my order was, he shortly tells me "here it is" for it to be the WRONG item. Not only did you waste my entire lunch break, but not even to make me the right food. I didn't even have time for them to make my CORRECT order. So I asked for a refund which he told me would take a few days. So now I'm without money I paid you, no food, and my lunch break is over. Not to mention, your team did not give a shit that they ruined my day. I haven't had such awful service in a very long time. Thanks for ruining my day. Never againWent to revolution taco to grab a quick bite to eat. The service was good and quick. The girl at the counter was really nice and gave us some recommendations. There weren't a lot of veggie options which made it hard for me, I ended up ordering the cauliflower tacos, which were good in flavor, a little more oily than I would like. Add a little hot sauce and overall the meal was not so bad.I'm torn. I love the food here. And it seems like they're going to take a seasonal approach to some menu items, like their awesome fish tacos, which means new options on the regular.
But I just had a bad service experience I can't get over. I ordered some food for take out, paid   and waited quietly at table near the pickup counter. Someone other than the cashier that rung me up brought my food to the counter. Her: "Did you pay for these?" Me: "Yes." Her: "Are you lying?" 
In what world is it ok to ask a customer that? I left feeling mistreated/profiled.Tacos are so good! Five stars for food, service, and ambience. 
We ordered two tacos each of three different kinds: three little pigs, beef tongue and cheeks, and the roasted duck. All three were decent. My favorite was actually the tongue and cheeks! Don't let the name scare you, the meat was super soft and melted in your mouth. The kimchi and cabbage topping was a nice complement to the tacos. The three little pigs was a pork on pork taco from bacon to pork belly, you can't go wrong! It was the most savory taco of the three. The roast duck came with a scallion pancake tortilla instead of a corn tortilla that the other had. I really enjoyed eating the pancake in a taco form, the duck was solid and the cabbage topping complemented it so well. This taco falls apart a little easier though but don't let that stop you from eating. 
Service was good; it's a clean up after yourself place but I was surprised that the cashier told us to have a good day as we were leaving since we were super far from her. Nice to know that they care about service. 
There's only seating for about 15-20 people so it may be pack during high traffic times. Highly recommend you eat the tacos asap if you decide to take out to get the full food experience.Very good tacos and lots of fun, house made hot sauces. Tacos are made to order, so expect to wait a little bit for your order, but to be pleased with the end result!I ordered the chicken Tinga bowl and Pork Al pastor tacos. The chicken tinga bowl was good. I Didn't get to eat my tacos since the top wasn't put on tight so when I started to pull it out the bag the container opened and collapsed and my tacos ended up on the floor.  Fun times! Also I was given no take out utensils. Luckily my job has them.Revolution taco is about delicious tacos (even if they're not "authentic"). Tried three of their tacos and all three didn't disappoint! 
1. Beef tongue & cheek - although some may be deterred by the description, it actually tastes good! Pork cheeks for the win 
2. House made chorizo - really good especially with the crème and salsa roja!!
3. Roast duck taco - my favourite! Scallion pancake + Asian flavours = really tasty taco!! 
Although it may seem pricey, the servings are large (like 2-3x that of El Rey's) so 3 will get you full.So I am going to start off this review with: I can't wait to go back to this place! I really enjoyed my experience here. I was walking home one day and noticed this new addition to the neighborhood; luckily, within a matter of minutes a friend asked if I wanted to get dinner and I quickly suggested this place. 
We came at just the right time - this place is order/pickup at the register style with first come, first serve seating. There are plenty of table options and also bar seating in front of the large window that overlooks walnut. The line wasn't very long around 7 and our food was out in a matter of 15 minutes. At that point, there were plenty of table options to choose from so we got lucky. A bunch of people walked in shortly after we sat down. 
We ordered the following and here are my reviews on each:
- Smoked chicken taco: this was ok, definitely my least favorite though; compared to everything else we tried this tasted the most bland and we would have been better off ordering something a little more wild
- Chipotle beef brisket taco: THIS WAS MY FAVORITE; the meat was tender, but not dry and flavorful but not overwhelming; the toppings complemented the meat perfectly and, honestly, I would have been happy with just eating only this taco
- Roasted duck taco: THIS WAS MY SECOND FAVORITE AND ONLY BY A SLIGHT MARGIN; what isn't to love about a taco that uses a scallion pancake as the taco shell? The duck was cooked really well and of very high quality; I didn't find it gamey at all. I also thought that toppings were a perfect match on this guy. The only reason it didn't end up being my favorite was because it had a hint of sweetness that I just wasn't expecting
- Spinach and fontina empanada: I though this was pretty good. I wanted a little more seasoning, but I would considering ordering again and/or trying the other specialty empanadas next time.
- Chips and guac: OK, honestly, best fresh tortilla chips that I have every had the pleasure of devouring. The guac was great too!
Overall, the food here was great! I'd just say that if you're claiming something to be hot or spicy, make sure it is! I thought all of the hot sauces were bland and not as advertised, but this is the ONLY thing I'd change. 
Expect to see me back soon, owners of Revolution Taco; I've found my new go-to specialty taco joint.VISIT HISTORY: 
- Last visit: for lunch 
- Frequency: second time here 
- Next visit? Maybe might go again 
FOODRINK:
- Al Pastor Pork Tacos: a lot of meat than anticipated! Yay! Wish there had been more pineapples. Could see the grease dripping down as you chomp down the taco. Still think it's a bit  
- There are better taco places but for Rittenhouse, it's pretty good. They have veganized tacos. They are selling the cauliflower tacos and I wanna try that in the future. $9 for 2 tacos feel over-priced but again it's Rittenhouse so maybe I should re-adjust my expectations. 
VIBE:
- nice laminated bright wooden tables 
- casual and inviting
- bright 
- Wait time for food arrival: 4 minutes 46 seconds 
- Wait time for our check: gotta pay before you get your foodThis place was tiny and unless your really looking for it, you will miss it
The menu is small but the tacos I got were very worth the $4
I got a Angus ground beef one and a Korean beef one. Both super good. The Korean on had a little kick to it. Served on a soft corn tortillas, which usually I hate, but they were good and I would def go again..It's so nice to have a taco place open in this area! It makes for a fast, decent meal. 
Not my favorite taco place in Philly but I'll definitely be back.Quick food that was underwhelming for the price. I ordered the beef tacos and fried cauliflower tacos.  I didn't really care for the beef and only went with it because the fish special was salmon. For some reason I hate ordering salmon at restaurants. Probably because I make it too often at home.  I enjoyed the cauliflower taco though. 
The only thing I really did not like about this place is that you have to order a minimum of 2 of each kind of taco.  You cannot mix and match. I prefer being able to try at least two types of tacos.  Even when I make tacos at home I dont make each taco the same.  I can only assume this to force you to order more food. Probably not coming back because my favorite place to get tacos is the same distance from our apartment.This place is decent. It's bright and clean and has a water jug for tap water when you dine in. It's like a fancier chipotle. I got the mushroom burrito bowl, and it was surprisingly spicy. It looked a little small, but it was very filling. My one large gripe is that you can't mix and match your tacos. It's not that difficult to do, and it would make your customers much happier.Love this place. Love that they provide some different twists when I'm feeling like something that is not usually in taco or burrito form (salmon, mushroom, etc.). Love the lime crema and the variety of house made hot sauces.Decent. Interesting taco options, and pretty good. Just nothing exceptional.Tacos are my favorite thing and I Love this place!
Things to try:
Donkey Kick Ice Cream Sammich: they use Weckerly's chipotle cinnamon smoked chocolate ice cream with salted fudge brownies in the middle, hugged by house made cinnamon cookies. Has a bit of a kick!
Swordfish Tacos: note that the fish changes in the fish tacos and that I just happened to have swordfish. I know they also have salmon from time to time.
Chips & Guac/Pico: Chips are house made & perfect!
Their verde: my favorite of the salsas they offer. 
All good things; I'll totally be back!"Revolution Taco".
The tacos are defined NOT revolutionary in any way. 
I expected some unique, delicious tacos.
I found the polar opposite.
I came because I was hungry. The place has uncomfortable seating and a dingy atmosphere. $8.75 for two tacos with only three toppings? Okay... it must be good then.
I ordered Pork Pastor tacos with Red Pepper Crema and pineapple salsa. Now, when I think of Pork Pastor, I think of smoked, roasted, marinated pork cut into shaves...
What a joke.
Unfresh pork, diced into cubes, just chewy with no flavor, and red pepper crema on a lukewarm tortilla?  I gotta admit, the red pepper crema was delicious. Tortilla was decent. The pork was a complete mockery of the Al Pastor style. 
These tacos should have been $4...  what a mockery.
NOTE: $9 for chips and salsa... just stay away.Walked by this taco joint and fell in love. Had chorizo tacos (homemade!) which came with a wide choice of salsas. Counter service. Will be back the next time in Philly.Wanting to quench my craving for Mexican, I strolled in one Wednesday afternoon. The place is clean I was kindly greeted by the employees there. I found the tacos to be juicy and have good flavor. I would have preferred the taco shell (soft) to be heated or baked a bit. The tacos were kind of pricey. 2 tacos for $7.50 not including tax.When you see a taco joint you automatically think of Mexican tacos and chipotle burrito bowl . So with all the news about chipotle I stopped eating there for awhile . This placed happened to be a new opening in the city and they have burrito bowls so I wanted to give it a try . That's what I always look forward to when I go to chipotle . Their smoked chicken burrito bowl was good but not as good as chipotle . I love their pork empanada . My boyfriend like it also . He ordered the pork belly tacos and said it was good . I would love to come back and tried their tacos next time . 
Parking isn't too convenient . If you can't find street parking good luck paying about 20$ for about an hour at the garage next to it .Was hoping for something great but came away feeling these tacos were expensively just OK. Came for lunch on a Sunday with a friend; I had chicken and he went veggie. Portions size is good (considering the price), place was clean and staff was great. Unfortunately we both found the offerings to be quite bland. Tried to dress it up with the sauces available but it didn't do much good. Bummer.My burrito was awesome, I ordered a vegetarian burrito and it was for sure tasty. However, if Im going to be honest if I wanted my guacamole in a blob at the bottom of the burrito, I WOULD HAVE GONE TO CHIPOTLE.The salmon tacos were amazing! So many flavors! The mushroom tacos were also really good, but I would go with the salmon if you're debating getting one or the other. I ordered these for delivery and service was very quick--highly recommend this place (and I'm not even a huge taco fan to begin with)!I've been here for lunch a couple of times and left very stisfied with my lunch choice each time.  I've tried the  smoked chicken, ground beef, and BBQ brisket tacos. The beef and BBQ brisket tacos are outstanding. Had me licking my fingers after I ate each one. The chicken was good but not as memorable as the beef and BBQ brisket. I'm looking forward to trying their other tacos as well! You get to order the tacos in groups of 2 or 3, making it a good spot to go with a group of 2 or 3 and then share. They also give out samples of their brownies. The sample did its job, luring me in to purchasing the entire brownie the next time. But if you are watching your calorie intake, just grab a couple of samples.
The only downside is that the place is small and cramped and it can be hard to get a table.The food is good. I don't think it's worth the prices, though. Don't go with the bowls - those aren't worth it.