Revolution is not my favorite place in the city, but it is a good option in a neighborhood that can be over crowded and overly intense. 
The food isn't amazing (the sandwiches are HUGE and on cose-like flatbread, they are very generous with the cheese, so don't expect anything light) but they have a solid tap list and lots of outdoor seating (both sidewalk and roofdeck!). I enjoyed a salad and some nachos during a first friday and it was great people watching eating on the sidewalk table.Finally had an opportunity to take my wife to Revolution House after our yelp event (actually my/our first event) and a few solo stops myself. Their Craft beer selection is very good and constantly rotates so I had a Clown Shoes Galactica along with a Neshaminy Creek Tripel which went well with an order of housemade Tater Tots to share along with Mini Meatloafs for me and Eggplant Parmesan for my wife. Very Good!Amazing food. I mean top of the line in all areas, meat, veggies, pizza and even the fries are brag worthy! The atmosphere is fun to hang out at. The service is bad, I mean really bad. Inattentive the entire time I was here. You will go thirsty here.Came here with five friends after checking out the art galleries at First Friday. It was a good place to just chill with friends.
We each got a "small dish," such as the baked Brie or Mac n cheese. The Mac and cheese was good but was nothing special. My friends said the baked Brie was amazing. 
We all checked in on yelp to get a buy-one-get-one-free deal for beers. Most of the beers were $6. So $6 for two beers was great.
Overall, I had a good experience here. But it was nothing extraordinary.We were attracted by the roof deck, but when we went it was too hot to sit outside.  So we sat at the upstairs bar.  The atmosphere was nice.  The bartender was friendly.
But the drinks were extremely watered down, and the food was mediocre at best.  Pizza (ham and arugula) was excellent, but the artichoke was way over-cooked, the dumplings - eh, and the "yam-based" tater tots had no trace of yam that I could see.
We left to find a $10 drink that actually had booze in it.My husband and I like to go to Old City for happy hour before we see a show at the Arden. Revolution House was our most recent spot. The timing was perfect as it was a gorgeous day and Revolution House has a roof deck and happy hour specials. 
We ordered our first round of beers at the upstairs bar and took them to a table on the roof deck. There were about 8-10 beers on draft and the selection is pretty decent. For happy hour, all beers are half off. We were pretty happy campers with a Long Trail IPA and Dogfishhead Indian Brown Ale. We ordered our second round (same beers) and food from the table. The roof deck isn't the most spacious but it's a roof deck and they are a sparsity in Philly. 
The happy hour food special was half off a Margherita  pizza. The pizza was okay...I guess no  real complaints for $6. The crust was light and flaky but the sauce and cheese were inconsistent. The sauce wasn't evenly spread and there were a few blobs of mozzarella scattered around the pie. It was topped with basil but the basil had been baked in and was a little dry/crispy. I prefer my basil fresh and added to the top of the pie at the end of the cooking process. The pie was a decent size and did the trick for a snack for two people. 
The service wasn't bad. We had ordered our first drinks at the bar then seated ourselves potentially causing some confusion. It took a little bit of time for our server to come visit our table. It was smooth sailing for the rest of our visit and the rest of the service was prompt and attentive. 
I wouldn't make a trip across town just to go to Revolution House but if I'm in that part of the city, I wouldn't hesitated to go back from happy hour.Very friendly staff, they brought ice water for my dog and refreshed it with new water later. The chicken sandwich is great, and the watermelon mint soup was very good and refreshing on this warm day.The food was good but the staff were rude. I was on a double date with good friends and we got there late evening 8:30 ish. We had food,drinks and spent about $180. The bartender closed us out and gave us last call before midnight, which seemed odd in Philadelphia, and by 12:15, she and her staff were visibly annoyed that we hadn't left. She was spiking her tip change into a collection box, one penny at a time, and we were constantly being stared down for not leaving. It was very rude and a sour note to end our expensive evening. Not worth a revisit.I like rooftop decks, so Revolution House gets an automatic 5 stars.
However, they start losing stars when they charge full price on drinks to sit on said deck.  It's a gorgeous summer evening at 5:30, the colleagues and I don't want to sit inside at the bar, so we swallow our cheapness and sit outside anyway.
The menu sounds good, but is executed poorly and is borderline too expensive ($11 for a tiny little quinoa salad?).  The fancy brick oven pizza was decent, but no match for Zavino or Stella.  The homemade tater tots are actually delicious, compiled of a variety of potatoes.  My colleagues had the lasagna cupcakes and artichokes, which they said were really gross (especially the artichokes, normally made with butter, were floating in some oily concoction).  
We went back for my birthday happy hour last week and sat inside at the upstairs bar this time (heat wave!)... the bartender was super attentive and gets extra points for letting 15 of us take over a bunch of tables and most of the bar.
Overall I like Revolution House for drinks, especially because they have prosecco by the glass, but they definitely need to improve their food and lower those prices!Great pizza's! Ordered the Margarita and prosciutto. I especially loved their crust. It was crispy and crunchy and very tasty.  The salad wedge was exceptional as well. Atmosphere was wonderful and the music in the background added a nice touch.Love the decor! Reasonable draft beer prices. Our server was very knowledgeable and helpful for these out of town visitors. The food was wonderful. Sweet and sour pork was Delish!  A great evening.Pop'd in this place for a quick bite, ordered the Marinara pie... Pretty damn good I must admit. The rooftop deck is cool, nice lunch time crowd... Staff is cool, couple cute women too... I'll be back.Half price drafts during happy hour. There are about 8 beers on rotating taps and they are all pretty good. I had the white bean dip and the dumplings. Both were very tasty. Service was ok.  I'd go back for happy hour for sure.This place is awesome. I had great food on all 10 of my visits. I've been to a few of the Steven Starr spots and the food is just as good at Revolution House, if not better. If you're a cheese lover try the spinach dumplings dish...amazing. The upstairs outside deck is warm with heat lamps and the decor indoors and outdoors is cool and cozy.first time/lunch! cooled and protected by the terrace umbrellas.
well put together dark interior - medium-high coolness factor.  this beautiful day helped me get past the limited menu offerings but could not get past a mortadella sandwich that turned into a prosciutto sandwich which was later clarified by the chef (via our delightful server) as "cooked prosciutto" huh? tasted like shaved ham to me!
i don't know if i can ever return to a place that cooks its prosciutto...
think sunny thoughts, i say :)Pretty nice place.  I must say I liked the decor and atmosphere more than I enjoyed the food.  I ordered their pepperoni pizza as an entree and calamari and french fries as appetizers.  The calamari was bland and their marinara sauce was nothing special.  I do not recommend this at all.  The french dries were drizzled with what looked and tasted like honey mustard mixed with thousand island dressing.  Though good, they were on the burnt side.  The pizza was nothing special and the service was also nothing special.  If you want a quick meal, I think this place is cool.  
Quick tip: Though sitting outside is nice, be prepared to be bombarded by homeless people.  I am from NY and am not used to so many homeless people begging for money on the streets especially asking for food from people enjoying a meal outside of a restaurant.  Usually, you'd see this in front of a train station not in front of a restaurant.  This may alter your experience a bit.  (Sat inside the restaurant but had a good view of a family who had a homeless man come back twice for more food).Super freaking sonic food. Octopus salad, crab cakes and liquid choc cake...not bad wine...solid. Very impressed!The overall look of the restaurant is excellent but the cold disposition of the staff is what takes away from the feel of the place. Our waiter appeared to be frustrated despite attempts to make our ordering precise and timely and it was not busy and the man spent a great deal of time in the corner talking to coworkers so he couldn't have been overwhelmed by how many tables he had. The food came out and I had ordered Buffalo Chicken Dip to share and the Duck skins. The buffalo chicken dip came out with absolutely no flavor and had no spice to it. When I sent it back the waiter gave an attitude despite my not wanting to substitute it or make any extra work for him. The duck was also not seasoned but when combined with the other components of the dish had a pretty good taste. Not something to write home about. Overall I doubt I would spend another evening here and would probably suggest others do the same.Amazing food and amazing drinks!! Highly recommend the buffalo chicken dip, margarita pizza, and the grilled peach salad. Also, the Moscow mules are delicious. There's a great Happy Hour too where certain things are half off M-F from 5-7pm and nice rooftop bar area or seating outside. Great for Happy Hour with friends.It pains me to give this place a three star review but it's hit or miss. Been here a bunch of times, for brunch, happy hour, dinner, lunch on the AMAZING roof deck and I haven't had consistent service. I keep going back for the delicious food though! The tater tots, baked ricotta, quinoa salad and pizzas are my favorites! They also have really great beers, and did I mention the great roof deck!?I have been here quite a few times for quite a few different reasons. Here are my highlights....
+ if you check in on Yelp you get a free beer
+ they have an awesome upstairs deck to sit and it's even open when it's cold
+ they have Omission gluten free beer
+ the atmosphere and seating upstairs is pretty sweet (yep I like the upstairs)
+ they take LevelUp
+ they have a great brunch menu and brunch food was delicious
- the bar staff isn't always the friendliest or have much personality (wish I would have had @Benjamin M.'s bartender haha)
- if you sit in the bar area you have to go up to the bar yourself which can take a long time to get a drink (call me pampered but I still like a waiter)
- can be pricey for drinks, but they are all delicious
- other menu food is just okI'm giving it a four because I've never eaten here, although the food looks very good, but have had drinks here a few times with my boyfriend. Everytime we have gone the service has been excellent. Came in last Sunday for some drinks. We were greated by the bar tender, Jimmy, who was such an awesome server! Even though he was Bartending inside he sat us outside and gave us exceptional service! He was very friendly and gave us great recommendations on drinks. Will def be back on the next nice drinking day.On what had to be one of the hottest days of the summer, my friend and I stopped here in desperation after touring Philly for hours in the blazing sun - so glad we did!! Had a Pynk Tart Summer Berry Ale - so good on a hot day. Server gave it an honest reco. Ordered the guacamole to start. Firstly, it was the largest portion of guac I've ever seen or been served, and secondly it was AWESOME. My friend and I agreed - we actual needed more chips and we were scooping it up, not just dipping. I had the roasted beet salad and it was so, so tasty. If anything, I would say it had too many beets and very little greens, but that's just being picky. It was truly delicious. The vinaigrette dressing made this salad. My friend had their veggie burger and after years of many and varied veggie burger eating, she put it in her top two :) fries were crisp and well seasoned, as well. Nice interior, too.The food was outstanding. It was a group of 8 that asked for the rooftop and said it'd be a 45 minute wait, but I went up to check it out and all that table needed was to be bussed. 45 minutes to bus a table. So I asked nicely and we got seated in 5. The pork sandwich was the best pork sandwich I've ever had. Calamari was great as were the tacos. The servers really seem to not like their job. Really out of it and disinterested to do anything for any of us. The food was so good, that I'll be back for that.The rooftop is the driving force for my frequent visits to revolution house. During the colder weather they have walls up with heaters which come down and allow the open air to flow in the summer. The overall decor of the restaurant is also very hip and intriguing.
I usually go here for happy hour with friends-$5 generous pours of wine, 1/2 off drafts and 1/2 of margherita pizza. They have a lot of great specialty pizzas, my favorite being the prosciutto and arugula! 
On our most recent visit we decided to try out some of their salads. Although good they were lacking in dressing. Also one person asked to add spinach to the quinoa SALAD and was charged $3.50. Seems a little steep for a hand full of spinach if you ask me.
Overall revolution house has some pretty good food, good drink specials and a great vibe. If you're in old city and want to eat outside with a view check out the rooftop!Quick and easy review starting now: 
Came in here while the Germany soccer game was on bc the place next door was too packed....Glad I did!  
The Bartender "Noelle" was VERY knowledgeable and knew her way around the bar pretty well!   All the drinks were GREAT!  She also knew the menu pretty good too! 
We ordered....
Guacamole- fresh and good..
Tater tots: like little fried mashed potatoes w cheese puffs , very good 
Crab Wontons-  SLAMMING
Lobster Pot Pie- SUPER SLAMMING
Grilled Octopus and Artichokes- SLAMMING
All and all this place is a homerun, great decor, food and service....
Happy Jason.   
The EndWent for an early dinner with four friends on a Saturday. We arrived and were seated upstairs right away. The upstairs was perfect for the warm spring day. We ordered the tots and guacamole for appetizers, both delicious and great portion for sharing. Beer flights are offered for $8 which is always fun! For dinner I ordered a salad which was a disappointment; mainly just vegetables covered in a light dressing, while my friends split the plain and margherita pizza. Luckily I got to try a slice of plain which was AMAZING. Will def be back, will def be getting pizza.We met some friends at the Revolution House on Sunday for Brunch.
To counter some of the other reviews, the staff was friendly, helpful and attentive the entire time ... and I am about as "non-hipster" as you can get. 
I decided to get a burger, since I wasn't in the breakfast food mood. The burger was juicy and flavorful. It was served on pita which was different, not good different or bad different, just different. 
The fries were the best part of the meal, they had some kind of sauce on them that was very good. 
My dining companions were likewise pleased with their meals but not blown away. 
The price was pretty standard for being in the city. 
Sounds like 3 stars to me.I first went here early this year with my boyfriend. He dared me to go to dinner somewhere without yelping it first, and here we ended up.  I was underwhelmed with my octopus pasta entree, though I do have fond memories of the tater tots.
When I got the elite invite, I contemplated not going because of my previous experience, but a friend talked me into it, and we had an amazing time!  It seems they've entirely revamped the menu since the last time I was there, and while the menu is eclectic -pizza, quinoa salad, hot dogs, guacamole, tiramisu....- everything was tasty and dare I say, pretty healthy. My favorite was the seafood fregula.
I love the decor, and the roof deck is AMAZING.  Thanks to ample heat lamps, we were able to sit out there without coats in the winter, and actually be toasty.
I'm glad I was able to experience Revolution House again, as I probably would have never gone back if not for yelp!Despite the fact that this place is not for kids, I came here with one (no, seriously). My food was great, he loved everything they served him, in fact he said this was his favorite place of all. Even though the music was on a louder side, we enjoyed our dinner by the window.They get crafty with the bill and your tab will jump before you're eyes. Wait staff was rude as well. Ton of great places in a one block radius, all more worth your time and money. Skip this place.One of the few places in the city with ample outdoor seating. This old city gem combines good food with a great atmosphere. We came here on a sunny spring afternoon. Although it was very sunny out, it was still a little chilly, which made Revolution House's upstairs outdoor/indoor patio perfect. 
We came in just in time for 5 o'clock happy hour, which has discounted beer and $5 house wine. We all got a glass of wine and all agreed it was a good sized pour for the price. For food I got the quinoa salad and added spinach. The only gripe I had was that they charged me $3.25 for a couple sprigs of spinach, which I found kind of outrageous. 
Everyone else's food was pretty good and we all also nibbled on a margarita pizza (half price at happy hour). This is a place we'll definitely be returning to, especially as the weather warms up!I went with 5 girlfriends to the Revolution House restaurant week. It was 5 courses (so of course, me being a girl who appreciates quantity a tinnnyyyy bit more than quality) was really excited to try everything. We got the tater tots, with this really great white sauce that has a slight twinge of mustard which was absolutely delicious (we all remembered the white sauce at the end of the night). I got a quinoa salad (which was average), Bird's Nest (above average), and the ahi tuna entree. I gotta say that the ahi tuna was a little bit TOO well done. And this was both my tuna and my friends' tuna. It was okay - a little bit disappointed. But dessert was pretty amazing. I got the chocolate cake and another friend got the bread pudding. Both were awesome. The chocolate cake was more like a ganache, and the bread pudding was really moist and yummy. I don't even like bread pudding! 
The atmosphere is kinda dim and relaxed. There's cool revolution/Brittish/Old American decorations all over. A good place to relax and chill with friends if you're getting dinner or just grabbing a beer.Great decor+ Awesome vibe+ Amazing, genuine, over the top, the customer is always first service+ great weather+good friends= GREAT TIME! 
Great location right off of the Market and 2nd street stop.  It's also super spacious, and doesn't get too crowded, so it mistakenly might give off a vibe of being a mediocre location, but it truly is a great place to relax with friends.
The pizza here kicks ass. We ordered the pie right before the kitchen closed, but the waiter took the time to get the pizza right and it was one of the best pies I've had in Philly. Their waitstaff are super nice and have that great balance of knowing when to ask you if you need anything to leaving you be.The best part was that the interactions and conversation just flowed with them in such a genuine manner that I have not had with other waitstaff in such a long time. 
Also, if you check in on yelp, you get some cool check-in offers!We had brunch there because it is close the The Franklin Fountain. I had the eggs Paolo. Wow! The grilled prosciutto complemented the grilled peach, which looked like it came out of a jar, but that didn't bother me in the slightest. The house made bread was delicious.
The wait staff was attentive & friendly. We learned that they have a patio on the second floor. Maybe next time we'll sit out there to enjoy our food, with a view.
How often are house made tater tots on a menu? I had to try it, and it didn't disappoint. Yummy!
When I hear tater tots, I used to think of the ones that came with my school lunch from grade school. Well, no more!Had prosciutto pizza, artichoke, and American sandwich with bacon. All were quite good. The American sandwich was the best I've had in a while, juicy hamburger meat cooked to perfection with smokey flavor just to the point. Reveals raspberry and Cage Radler were nice summertime drinks too. Waiters worked very hard when there's a clear shortage on staff. Would recommend this place. Happy 4th!Good happy hour specials with nice staff and quick service! Squeezing in a quick dinner between work and a show at the Arden Theater just up the street, we gave our waitress our order while we were still getting settled on the stools. With 6 minutes to go of happy hour, we took advantage with a round of beers and a Margherita Flatbread which were on special and also ordered some of the famed Tater Tots (we clearly were not aiming for a healthy meal). I am a little embarrassed to say, but I think I prefer frozen tater tots as these had a curiously smooth texture, which we guessed was melted cheese on the inside. The Flatbread was really tasty with a nice thin crust and a nice balance of cheese, tomatoes, and basil.Long wait when there was only one other table in the place. Food was ok. Homemade flatbreads were very good though! And the food came out super hot which I love. Everything tasted very fresh. 
The bathrooms are so nice. The layout of the place is great!I've been here twice in a group and both times everything was spot on. The tots, sandwiches, and pizzas were all on point. I would also recommend it for a night out with some friends to just have some drinks and pickies. The decor is fun and the roof is great in the nice weather. The prices are also reasonable for the location. 
Worth a visit this season!I've heard so many good things about this place so we decided to give it a try. Worst service I have ever experienced, which is a shame because the food was delicious. We were seated right away, were not given menus, 20 minutes go by without anyone coming over to our table. I then asked the hostess for a menu thinking maybe that would make someone realize we we have just been sitting there, but no. Waited another 10 minutes and had to ask a bus boy if someone would be coming over to take our order. Our server, Antwon, was also the bartender and didn't seem to care about his tables or even apologize. Safe to say we won't be going back.Went there today waited a total of an hour and 15 minutes for our food. 45 minutes for a Caesar salad and another 15 minutes or so for two burgers. They did tell us that the chef left and the general manager was in the kitchen so I won't Bash them about it but it definitely wasn't worth the wait as the food was just OK. If they didn't have an outdoor seating patio I probably wouldn't of ever came here.Very limited menu when we went last Monday night. The worst waiter we've had in a long time. Inattentive and cold is how I'd describe him. The French onion soup is very good and pizza not so good. We had to wait forever for our check. When we walked out we found out why. Our waiter was busy on his phone and he looked up and didn't even say thank you or acknowledge us with a smile, nod or goodbye. There are too many better choices in Olde City to go back to the Revolution House.I went with a few friends, and this place was pretty good! We ordered the burger, rev hot dog, pizza, and cheesesteak. Typical american food, but we had a nice experience. I will definitely visit this place again, if I am ever in town.Revolution House Score: 13
Burger Quality: 3
Bun: 1
Fries: 3
Extras:  3
Value: 3
2 Sentence Review: The bun is a pita, not sure what else to say.  Like the outdoor area upstairs, staff is great
------------------------------------------- 
How does Burger Einstein's rating system work? 
- Burgers are rated across 5 categories (see below) 
- Category scores can range from 0 to 5, with 5 being "Outstanding".   
- Total score (out of 25) is determined.  Scores above 20 earn 5 Stars (rare), between 16 and 20 gets 4 stars and so on 
Burger Einstein Categories 
1. Burger Quality: Good meat or Bubba Burger? 
2. Bun: Does it compliment the burger or overwhelm it?   
3. Fries: Do I accept the guilt or compare them to my Ex 
4. Extras: Wild card.  Could range from Cheese to bourbon to atmosphere 
5. Value: Burger cost relative to smiles (heavily influenced by how much bourbon I drink)Love this place. Great beer selection and loved the Bloody  Mary's. The breakfast concoction is as good as the arugula pizzaloooooove the roof deck. wonderful space inside and out. food is very good, service kinda slow not ideal for lunch.I have a feeling they are a little understaffed and unorganized and lacked customer service... We arrived around 3:30pm on a Sunday party of 8, no worries we anticipated a little wait since we didn't have a reservation. They told us they weren't serving again until 4 and would call us as soon as the kitchen reopened. Cool no problems  We went to the roof top to grab some cocktails and relax while we wait. Several tables were left and never bussed. We figured they were just going to move two four tops together for us once they were cleaned. That never happened. They started seating people that came in after us when we asked why, they stated the people being seated before us had reservations. Ok, makes senses, until I overhead a person in a party seated before us state they didn't make one either! There was a large table with a party getting up to leave so we figured may be they're saving that table for us. Fifteen more minutes passed and the table was still a mess, no one had came to notify us, check on us or anything. After an hour wait, looking at open and unbused tables  we just gave up and went to Campos next store for cheese steaks.
My friend asked to speak with a manager as we were leaving, when she informed him of of our negative experience, he seemed preoccupied and unconcerned.
I'm pretty bummed because it seemed like a cool place, hand crafted cocktail, and a roof top. The cocktails were pretty good, but we had to wait a while for those at bar... and it wasn't crowded!! 
To sum it up, I was very disappointed with their service and lack of customer service recovery. Unimpressed, better placed to eat and drink in old city.Well, the service was cool, the bar tender is funny, the food was good I ordered tacos (which no longer will be on the menu) and can't wait to get some of the new items, the place is neat, great environment and weekend was packed,  when I wanted to say something I didn't like the manager understood and was cool, so I do recommend it!!Revolution House, as a building, has lots of character. The roof-top area is gorgeous and has a pretty nice view (there's also a busy intersection below, which results in lots of people screaming). The beer selection isn't bad, and the food portions are generous.
But the food itself is...just OK. I had to try the chicken parm flatbread sandwich, because, really...chicken parm sandwich sounds bonkers. The flatbread was so thin that it crumbled in my hand, and the chicken was kind of bland. The fries, though, were good, and the hoagie dip I got as a side was delicious in a disgusting way. In hindsight, I wish I would've gotten the pizza. 
Another big negative was the service. My server was friendly enough, but he was never there--he stopped in three times over the course of over two hours, and not from my lack of trying to flag him down. He and the other serving staff seemed more interested in waiting on larger parties. 
So, I'd visit here again the next time I'm in Philly, but it's not at the top of my "must revisit" list by any means.Cool atmosphere, good drinks but would not go back for meal.  They just started serving lunch, and we went with about 12 people.  Took almost an hour for our food, with incorrect burger toppings. Meal tasted good to all, but burgers and fish tacos shouldn't take an hour!   Many other choices in the area.This place has good happy hour specials and one of the best rooftop dining areas in the city. It was perfect for watching fireworks this summer.
But then again, it's in olde city and doesn't seem to try very hard. Service is generally pretty good, but can be spotty. Food is decent but uninspired. Drink list is usually pretty good for olde city. Decent overall!Great architecture & friendly, attentive service. Food was delicious. Brick oven pizza = almost 2 Amys quality. (Bathrooms in the basement are very well designed, be sure to see them!) Avoid the Quinoa salad, its less of a salad and more of a bowl of grains.This place was definitely different from what I was expecting. After a recent stay at the Penn's View Hotel, me and my boyfriend decided to go for some dinner as it was suggested in the hotels restaurant book. I was expecting casual but kind of got more of a hipster feel? The menu was small and not really anything me or my boyfriend typically order. It was awkward because I was expecting 'bar food' but it was definitely upper class bar food. Anyway, we were already sitting down and decided to make the best of it. I got the crab cannoli which I was not impressed with at all, it just tasted really bad and ugh, just bad. My boyfriend got fries though which were really good and the mac and cheese which was also excellent. Then we both got the tri-tip cheese steak because it was about the only thing left on the menu I would order. Let me say that when it came out I wanted to laugh a little, it was in a pita with a tossed salad on the side. Definitely not traditional philly but I have to say it was the best cheese steak I've ever had. Like ever. I loved it so much I called my mom and told her and I brought it home so my roommate could try it. I didn't stop talking about it the whole weekend to all my other friends and if I ever found myself in that part of town again I would go there solely for the cheese steak. Please please please do yourself a favor and get the cheese steak. Please, you wont regret it I promise.I have been there twice so far, but will not go there again. Great cocktails, O.K. food. However, what put me off was their terrible customer service. No one came ask orders even though we asked them twice. The lady at the front door who was meant to take orders/get tables for the customers did not do her job at all. She instead was eating something just in front of the main door...unbelievable.The environment is really cool the vintage industrial feel with amazing food and really cool signature drink selection.Revolution House is a gem in Old City. I've been here several times, and the food is always delicious, the servers are attentive, and it's got a great chill vibe. It's my absolute go-to whenever I want to go out for a casual dinner. I'm really looking forward to going to happy hour here in the summer on the roof deck. Try the pizzas. They're all amazing! They also have a great brunch menu.Had a really nice experience the other night for dinner. One of the few places in the area that weren't super crappy and did not have a wait. Although they wanted to sit us at a tiny table near the bathroom, we asked too sit at a booth and they put us there without trouble. I don't know why we had to ask.
The service was really good. Very personable and attentive, especially when considering how busy it was. We ordered a couple of appetizers, the tater tots and the crab corn fritters. Both were excellent, especially the tots! They were like fried mashed potato balls and came out super hot. Had to wait for them to cool down a bit. Served with a mustard mayo sauce that was also good.
I had a brisket sandwich which was excellent and served on an interesting roll. It was thin and soft and reminiscent of a pita but a little bit different. Also a very tasty and slightly spicy red cabbage slaw accompanied the sandwich with large chunks of cabbage. I put some slaw on the sandwich and finished the rest with a fork. The sandwich was a bit sloppy, but very delicious. I was happy with my choice. The wife got the lobster pot pie which was more like a lobster stew with a puff pastry. She liked it. 
They had a few dinner specials too, so make sure to ask for them if they don't tell you about them. Also had a decent draft beer selection including some interesting things that I didn't try, but will next time, like this vanilla cream ale thingy.I have been there 10+ times and am surprised how low rated it is and how little press it gets. Staff isn't the friendliest but that is minor. Food and ambiance is excellent. The tri tip cheesesteak  has awesome flavor, pizzas are excellent, happy hour has some cheap deals and 2nd story patio is awesome.Was here on Saturday afternoon after walking around town wanted a quick bite to eat and this place had no wait time and roof top seating. The inside is very nice but the rooftop deck on a beautiful day sealed this choice. The people were very friendly and our waitress was very attentive  So now to the food its a typical burger, pizza and sandwich place. My son had the chicken parm burger which I grabbed a bite and was very tasty. I had the gyro in which was a boring choice but that's on me not the place. My wife had cheesesteak egg rolls from the small plate selection, I also grabbed a bite of that and they were very tasty. We order the buffalo chicken dip and that came with soft warm pita strips the dip was very spicy, that's a plus for me. Overall I would give this place 3.5 stars but if a larger selection and probably would of rated it higher if I wasn't disappointed with my selection.Has a great time with family visiting from out of town.  Homemade tater tots were unbelievable   We enjoyed the chicken and pineapple sandwich, grilled cheese , fish tacos.... service was friendly.  Our second time here.  Will returnStopped in here for a beverage while walking around Old City on a sunny Saturday afternoon.  Our bartender was pleasant and chatty, but she had no idea how to make the drink that I ordered from their specialty drink menu.  I was a little put off by this, but it ended up being decent once she figured it out...
Nice atmosphere, but surprisingly quiet for the lunch hour.  I've heard the upstairs is nice and good for people watching, so I may have to check that out if I return to sample some of their food offerings.Food was mediocre.  Roof deck was really cool.  So if you don't have high food expectations....(not sure who this would be in a city like Philly).... Then go grab some drinks, some sub par food and watch the wild mix of tourists and trendy people bump into each other at 2nd & Market in Olde City.Great Brunch. This is our go - to brunch spot in the city we always enjoy it. The fritattas of the day are usually creative and tasty, the fancy pancakes are huge sugary concoctions that send me into a sugar rush from mountains of whipped cream and strawberries. The burgers and sanwhiches are also really good and come with great shoestring fries.Just went for drinks. The bartender was cool and made a great "I love the taste of napalm in the morning". Cool place. I'd go backThis was my Third time visiting and will be my last.
My family from Europe was visiting on their very 1st day (November 20th) so we decided to give this place one last try only because of the proximity from my house.
First thing, when we walked in trying to get a little bite at 9:15 pm after coming from the airport, we asked the hostess if they were still serving. She gave us a look as if we were crazy to "disturb" her that late. She replied "Well, I'll ask my manager", who was just right there by the bar. Next thing she did was taking the menus and taking us back to seat down with an unwelcoming attitude. (I almost left but we had guests). If I were the manager, she would be unemployed right now, and if I was the owner, both of them (as a Manager, he didn't do his job)
From there, the service was less than good. Our feelings were that nobody wants to be working here.
So now here comes the food, we ordered a vegetarian and Margherita pizza, both which came out raw. The only thing we liked was the lentil soup, that's the only reason I gave it 2 stars...
And just one more thing... when my family left and we took them to the airport, they told us "What a great trip and city!!... except for the first night at the Pizza place!!!"Super unprofessional employees. Just called to place an order for pick up and got the run around. Im not even sure if the guy who answered the phone worked there. He said he had to check if they were taking orders for pick up. Isnt this something that should be communicated to all employees prior to their shift? Im guessing it's a fairly normal question for a RESTAURANT. When i started giving him my order i heard him yelling at someone (other employees? Patrons? Your guess is as good as mine) saying 'guys! Shut up im trying to get her order and i cant hear with you guys yelling' and then i had to repeat my order. Ill be honest, it will be a miracle if i actually get what i ordered.Revolution house has the best roof deck in Old City - no contest.   I believe it's even covered when it's cold outside, but I have never ventured to check during sub-optimal weather.  
The decor inside of the restaurant is super cool.  I wouldn't mind having my house decorated by the same person who designed this place.  See-through steps, interesting vintage chandeliers, other vintage accessories, uptairs bar light made of empty glass bottles - even the brick pizza oven is stylish.  All in all, it's a really cozy place to eat or drink.  
There are bars both upstairs and downstairs, so you can usually get a seat, unless it's first friday - don't even bother trying that night.
The waitstaff has never particularly impressed me, so that's why a star is missing.  The bartenders are usually good though.
As for the food, I've tried only a few items aside from the pizza.  They make a great beet salad.  The pizza is pretty delicious.  Last time I ordered the margharita and it was fantastic.  A good amount of sauce (I love sauce) which was slightly sweet, the perfect amount of cheese, and crust that was crisp on the bottom with a doughy crust edge. 
Yum, I'm a fan.Now that Triumph is apparently gone from Old City, I have to say that Revolution House has stepped up into the empty role of "My favorite happy hour in Old City."  We love this bar!  5-7 every day of the week, many 1/2 price beers, a specialty $6 cocktail, and 1/2 price margherita pizzas... which you just MUST have.  They are unbelievable.  Bartenders are always fun and friendly, and the pizza guy is a legit artist.  The upstairs patio is just lovely.  Took my family here as a stop on my last birthday bar-hopping extravaganza, and we had so much fun there that we stopped in twice!  They also have some great beer events now and again, and feature nice craft beers, often local and unique.  That's it, I am pining for them... we'll have to stop in tomorrow!!Our server was sweet and attentive.
The Pizza was delicious.  We had the Ricotta and Smoked Mozzarella.
The Atmosphere and decor was beautiful.  Way to go on that!
Buuuuut, the Menu items were deplorable.  Shrimp skewers - chewy shrimp, no flavor.  I have never in my life used a salt shaker at a restaurant ... I did here.  The artichoke needed lemon something ridiculous.  And my rice was undercooked and flavorless.
(in fact the table next to us asked how our pizza was bc they were so disappointed with their meal.  We offered her a slice to redeem her dinner.  She agreed that if you're going to RH, you're eating pizza.)Cool looking restaurant. Sat upstairs on the outdoor patio on a gorgeous evening and had a lovely view of the iconic Market Street sign. Service was prompt. Only complaint was the buffalo chicken pizza. I've ordered this many places and it usually has individual, boneless chunks of chicken and some type of buffalo sauce. It seems all they do here is dump their buffalo chicken dip on top of the pizza. It was ok, but not really what I was expecting.Just to let everyone, KNOW, when you buy a fresh slice of pizza at the Revalution Diner early in the afternoon, IT'S NOT!!!
    The manager saves the pizza from the night before and sells  it to his customers like it was fresh out of oven.
   if someone goes to Revalution Diner soon and is unlucky to get that fresh slice,  take a pic. and post it.
    I need a good laugh.I had a great experience at this restaurant, my girlfriend and I walked in and asked for a table at the outdoor patio upstairs. They said it would be a half hour wait, it ended up being only about 20 minutes. We got seated and our server was very attentive, we got drinks right away and our appetizer. My margarita pizza was superb, only downside was that my girlfriend got a cheeseburger and the one end of the bun was burnt. I recommend this place and would gladly go back.this is an absolute fave restaurant and my boyfriend's and my go-to! everything I've tried from apps to sandwiches to cocktails has been amazing. generous portions, good service and prices aren't too bad.
went tonight with a friend who had never been! we ordered buffalo chicken dip and a margherita pizza, but you really can't go wrong at rev houseWent with my wife on a nice Wed. night to sit out on the 2nd floor deck.  She ordered a salad and a pizza; i had the lasagna cupcake & meatball sandwich and a beer.  Less than 5 min. after order taken, the Pizza comes out - no plates, no beer yet.  Server says the Pizza station is seperate from rest of kitchen & makes them as they get the order.  Besides the fact that he shouldn't have put the order in until after we got the salad, the pizza was lukewarm, soggy & tasteless.  We asked if it could go back in the oven to heat up and get crispy, but no, not possible and the pizza is European style, which is soggy.  Really??!!
Rest of food comes out 15 min. later & goes to wrong table - fortunately I snag runner down as lasagna is already lukewarm.  Interesting idea, not executed well.  Salad was v. good; meatball sandwich was good.  Overall, I might go back for a beer or 2 on the deck, but go somewhere else to eat.I enjoyed myself immensely here. I was seated outside and the waiter gave us enough time to figure out our order without harassing us to hurry. When we ordered it took about 15-20 minutes until we got our food. When it arrived it looked delicious. I ordered the chi-cheese steak with bacon. It was awesome. I would definitely come back.
Shout out to the server Ryan! You're awesome!Bartender is so rude and pretends to make drinks that he doesn't know how to make then rude when he finally gives it to you. Never wrote a bad review until nowI had dinner here one night while in Philadelphia on a business trip.  We happened to walk in, the night we arrived in town, we were both starving and totally ready for some good, simple filling food.  This place definitely fit the bill.  I got a burger, and he got a steak sandwich.  He ended up being very jealous of my burger.  The flavor of the meat was just incredible.  We sat at the bar and had a couple of beers, they had a good selection.  We also got the house made tater tots, which were delicious.  What I presume was the owner of the place ended up talking to us for a few minutes, and told us that they butcher their own meat, which I appreciated.  Overall, we got good service, good food, and good beer.  Not the best food I ate in Philly, but pretty darn good.Revolution house is an adorable addition to the Old City bar scene. It has two levels, where the second level has a large outdoor patio. It is a very cute deck with beautiful greenery fitting right in the old city classic vibe. 
The service isn't spectacular but their food is usually good and they have a nice variety on the menu. The most recent visit we sat outside in about 70 degree weather. The problem was they brought both our appetizer and pizza out at the same time. So within 10min of munching on the buffalo chicken dip, the pizza was cold. Merp. 
However even cold the mixed mushroom pizza with white truffle oil was quite good. Thin crust with excellent toppings. The buffalo chicken dip came with fresh chewy pita bread which was a perfect accompaniment.How do you write a review recovering from food poisoning from their Chicken Tempura salad.  It tasted fine when eating but I should have been suspicious when I noticed that some pieces of chicken were not white in the center.  I had nothing else and not even a drink except water. Other than everything else being mediocre we will not be going back.This review is for the atmosphere, light bites and bar upstairs. 
The service was incredible. My bartender Deanna was top notch. She crafted me cocktails that were high end and she paid attention to every detail. Watching her make my cocktail allowed me to have much more respect for bartenders. She was attentive and prompt which is two characteristics of a great bartender.
The atmosphere upstairs is sultry but casual. The decor is high end but has a comforting feel. The light bites provided were full of flavor- this is great to see from a bar with typical American flair.
I will definitely be returning here in the future to sit outside on the roof deck.Went here for dinner on New Year's Eve and also went to the party they throw upstairs. I have to say this a really cool bar to hang out at and the deck is definitely something that I am going to go back to check out in the summer. 
Food: we had the Mushroom pizza with truffle oil, tater tots, and calamari all of which were extremely tasty.  The tater tots were not as amazing as I expected from reading the reviews but they were still very good.
This is definitely a place worth trying and is relatively inexpensive for the area.Definitely come here if you have the chance! The food is delicious - twists on the classics that really stand out - and the staff is excellent. Honest, personable, and quick service during rush hour. Good things on tap during happy hour and AMAZING fresh homemade flatbread.Food was good , not great, but would come back to try other things on the menu that we saw.  Went here for a birthday celebration and wanted so much to sit in the roof top deck everyone talks about.  Really great view and nice seating, however, no fans in sight.  Usually a place with outdoor seating / roof will have fans like they have heaters for fall seating.  We asked why and no answer.  Also, the waitstaff were very nice but didn't come back often enough for service.    My daughter had to go find them and ask for more beverages.  Needs to work on getting fans on their outdoor rooftop area and focus on service.Love the Revolution house. Really cool lay out with good food and beer selection. Roof top is a must see during the summer time, and nothing beats Ice Cream from The Franklin fountain across the street to top it off.Revolution house has two really great things going for it: location and a rooftop bar. But why, why, why can't the bar actually be good? The food stinks, service stinks and the drinks are just ok. Please, I beg the management to make this a spot I'd actually like to return to!This is my favorite restaurant, not because they gave us amazing free chips and guacamole on two separate occasions, not because they have reasonable prices and amazing customer service, but because you can literally never go wrong with anything you order on their menu; it is all insanely delicious! They have such a variety too! I just love all their food, and they have an amazing house vinaigrette. Go there. Go there now.this is definitely an old faithful in the neighborhood - good cocktails that change regularly and a nice atmosphere. sitting on the roof deck in the summer is lovely. prosciutto and arugula pizza is great.The thing about lone female diners is we. see. everything. 
I walked into this place after skipping what looked to be a dark German pub and decided on this trendy looking place with reasonable prices. The guy at the bar realizes I'm by myself and asks if I'd prefer the bar or a table.
Yeah, because people who dine alone want to sit at bars alone. Save me the sorry look, I can drink at a table and still look lousy but at least I'll have a table.
I'm seated and then ignored for a few long minutes. I purposely try to not be on my phone when I eat or eat out alone because people watching is way more entertaining. I think after the staff realizes I haven't been stood up and do not just have some social deficiency the waiter finally walks over to begin my order.
When I was ready to order food, I asked cheerfully if the lobster pot pie was any good and he said he loved in the most underwhelmed voice in the world. Talk about sad and depressing.
No complaints about the meal or the beer that I ordered, both were delicious. But I was unsettled by this place's rule that they only hire grumpy hipsters... unless all hipsters are required to be grumpy.. who knows. Skinny jeans can bring out the dark side out of all sorts of people.
I wanted to like this place but sometimes good food doesn't make up for lousy service.
I want to add another star for the sweet ass mid-00s track they had playing. But alas, I'm a little too annoyed to care.The margarita "pizza" at this place was flavorless, greasy and flaccid.  The waitress preferred to ignore me and my party, to instead flirt with the bartender.  The bartender was INCREDIBLY RUDE, with an aggressive attitude towards me, yes, he was polite to people who arrived after me and my party.   This place is a total joke, and the only thing nice about it is the patio.The outdoor roof deck makes this a great spot for the summer! It looks out to Penns Landing and makes for some great people watching on Market Street.  I enjoyed a happy hour event here last night and had a great time. It was only my second time at Revolution House and I'm already thinking about going back soon! 
I'm glad I arrived hungry because there was a great food selection for our private party! It included margarita pizza,olives fried calamari, guacamole with plantains chips and tater tots! The whole spread was very tasty. I can't wait to order off of their menu to try more things. 
There were several drink choices for happy hour specials. I enjoyed Allagash White on draught. Their beer selection is great and they even feature one of my favorite seasonal beers; Victory Summer Love.My second time eating at the Revolution House was nothing shy of a disappointment, and what a shame! The brunch here is great--fresh, creative, home made and yum yum yum, plus the decor is very olde-city-chic with reclaimed wooden furniture and moments of patriotism sprinkled throughout. However, the service is atrocious! After a weird encounter my first time around--where they were not even busy yet wouldn't seat us because they were 'slammed', I gave it a pass because I've been in the service industry before and understand there are off days, but after this second time, I will not be returning. Aside from the general rudeness throughout the meal, the icing on the cake was when we had been waiting quite a bit of time for our waitress to come over so we could ask for more coffee, the hostess finally walked by and when we asked for coffee she stopped (directly next to the coffee stand) and said, "that's not my job, I'm the hostess". WOW. I'm sorry, but she could have easily said sure and then gotten our waitress to grab us coffee! She walked away smugly and shortly there after our waitress came over. Needless to say although the food and decor are 5 stars, their customer service ranks a negative 10, yuck!!!So we stopped her to have a bite to eat and a cocktail. Maybe not expecting much since it is on market street and probably has many tourist unlike us.. We sat at downstairs bar and ultimately made it upstairs for dinner. We ordered a pizza and their pork sandwich to share between us. Both were very good, sandwich was better than pizza but it just tasted very good.. service was spectacular and a follow up by a manager was a nice touch.. I'm a Guinness drinker and they didn't serve that but trust me they had some nice micro brews on tap to provide many options..
Listen there are many places to eat in the city, especially down this area, but it's worth a try. We are not foodies but just appreciate a good drink and sweet atmosphere.. good job RH!Great bar in old city. Easy to get to as other have pointed out.  Good happy hour, craft beers, friendly bartenders. Also has a rooftop deck which is great in the summer.Wonderful deck seating with a jaw-dropping view of Old City. Especially gorgeous view in summer. Staff are generally very attentive and kind.  Indoor seating both downstairs and up is cozy and relaxing too. Good beer selection. Standout food items include truffle pizza and the lamb gyros (the latter solid, not stunning). Good beer selection; they even serve an organic beer (in bottle). I suppose I withheld one star because I'd like to see more variety in the menu, and better execution of items aside from those mentioned above.One of the best tater tots i've ever had.  They are like mini fried mashed potato puffs.
Brunch was solid - try the coddled eggs.  Strange choice for me, but i ended up really enjoying the eggs and the quinoa.It's always a lovely time being on their roof deck. could probably have a better selection of beer but the food and atmosphere is great. Some servers I've had weren't too great but if you get Crystal you're in good hands. She rocks!We have tried RevolutionHouse several times.  It is close by, and we really want to like the place, but...
The chairs are not comfortable, so I guess they want to keep the turnover happening, the service is mediocre at best, our wait staff disappears for long periods of time, and the cook staff does not seem to know how to cook a burger to temperature.  Ask for Medium Rare if you want any pink in your burger, otherwise it will be well done.Got a table on the rooftop right away, on July 3rd.  Service was quick.  Food was delicious.  The tater tots are a must-have.I was kind of disappointed not going to lie. I experienced the opposite of the reviews. 
We went with a larger group so not sure if that somehow made the experience worse. I understand it gets busy was waiters and that its hard to serve a large crowd but the waiter we had was extremely impatient. A few of us arrived maybe 5 minutes after the rest of the party and we asked the waiter to give us a few minutes to decide. Not even 5 minutes, he returns asking us "Ladies are you ready?". My friend and I ordered whatever our eyes landed on and my other friend ordered a grilled cheese only because he pulled the menu out of her hand before she could read anything else. 
My friends who came before us had ordered plethora of small plates. The buffalo chicken dip was pretty decent, however I wasn't a huge fan of the pita bread. I get that its their thing, but it was an odd combo. The mac&cheese was okay, it looked like they skimped out on the potato chip crumble on top. The pesto hummus was decent again, nothing special. The chicken bombs were a meh, it was like chicken wings except they pulled the meat down so that the bone was exposed like a lollipop. For the main meal I got the chicken parm burger and that was a let down. The chicken parm wasn't the classically crispy chicken patty that you'd expect but it was just a plain chicken patty with no breading encased in pita bread with with melted mozzarella and marinara. Not super great. The fries that came out were limp and they weren't meant to be shoelace fries either. 
I didn't try the pizza but it looked a lot better than most things we had. Maybe this place needs to be tried again during happy hour but from this experience trying a lot of things from the menu, I can only give it 2 stars.Pizza could have been good, The ingredients seemed to be high quality but somehow the pizza was soggy. It was also cold. The staff was way to involved socializing with each other to take care of me. The wood oven is near the bar and when my pizza was ready a bell was wrung. The bartender coming on duty was chatting with both hostesses and didn't get the pizza. The outgoing bartender was chatting with a cute waitress. The bus boys clearly felt it was okay to pass by my pizza and look at it but that it was not necessary to deliver it or tell someone that it was ready. Finally I asked if it was my pizza and it was  and thus it was cold. Could be a quality place but not yet.Walking into this place, you'd think it was a nice place to grab a drink with friends. Off the bat, the restaurant looks stylish and classy. Turns out this is not the right place to go AT ALL. Every single employee I encountered had attitude with my group. The bartender all but ignored us for 15 minutes and then when finally forced to notice us (in the not so packed room upstairs), was impatient and left in the middle of our conversation. He then proceeded to spill a third of one of the beers and refused to refill it. The manager stood behind him the whole time giving us dirty looks. Do yourself a favor and don't waste your money or time at this place.If I could rate this place a 0, I would.
My entire party received their food except me. When it came out, it was wrong. Still waiting for my food 50 minutes later. 50. minutes.
Not acceptable.Good stuff.  Came here for early Sunday dinner on a warm evening.  Outside rooftop seating was great and quiet, building is neat too.  Flights and cocktails are reasonably priced and the selection is quite good.  After much hemming and hawing, i got the eggplant flatbread sandwich -- recommended by our very nice waiter -- and it was delicious.  Fresh pizza-dough-bread, good balance of eggplant and cheese, large enough to save half for the next day.  I did find it improved when i added chipotle powder to it at home, but isn't that always the case?
Single gripe -- we first ordered the arugula pizza.  Turns out they were out of it, but we didn't get the message until my sandwich was almost on the table.  Waiter was nice about it, but i expected my partner's drink to be comped as he had to wait while a replacement pizza was prepared.Revolution House certainly has some revolutions in the restaurant service industry.  We were shown to our seats and quickly told that its too dead to have table service, we had to order in the bar.  I have never, never, heard such a thing, but I did not have to leave a tip :-) .   I loved this place for the rooftop terrace and its ample heating system there.  We were able to eat outside on a brisk day and see the beautiful skyline of that of Philly.  The pizza was surprisingly good for Philly pizza and the burgers were ok, nothing special.  I would definitely recommend coming here.  Try to come when its not busy, you have a chance to not paying a tipThe menu was fine and the food standard. But the service was absolutly terrible. it took forever to get your drinks refilled. Our food was served to another table then brought to us. I was half way through my salad when the waiter brought the dessert menu and ask us if we were ready for our check??? WTF
Ive lived and enjoyed old city for years and Ive never had service like this before.
Ruined the entire experience, wouldnt go back or recommend it to anyone.Came hear after a visit to the National Constitution Center. (10 min walk). So pleased to have really fresh food that  is alive with flavor. I enjoyed the beet salad with spinach, red and gold beets, orange and cucumber. It was a symphony of flavors. I also had the crab cakes which were moist and flavorful as well. Presentation of the food is also to be noted.Service was non-existent. Brunch menu was okay, a lot of common breakfast items that are overpriced. I had pancakes and a side of sausage for $11.5.  They were good, but not enough to pay that amount and still enjoy it.  It has a good location, and will probaly be full of jersey kids bussed in on a fri or sat night. But after the new resteraunt aura disappears, it will be interesting to see what becomes of this place.Not sure why the low reviews. Glad I didn't look before I went as it was fantastic. It was a spur of the moment decision. The tater tots are unbelievable. Everyone loved their meals. Steak sandwich as absolutely delicious as was the veggie burger and margarita pizza. Serves was great and food served hot. We were seated on the roof deck. Only complaint was our table was wobbly.Awesome pizza and even better atmosphere! Conveniently located in Philadelphia's historic Old City. This Multi-story bar/restaurant is like a time warp with a modern flavor. The building itself was built in the late 1700's. Don't let the age fool you though. Everything inside is modern with various relics hanging from the ceiling or on the walls. 
As soon as you walk in. You are greeted by the aroma of wood fried pizza from the oven. I grabbed a seat at the bar. The bartender recommended I order the "Belle" (Barr Hill Gin, St. Germain, Caledonia Spirits raw honey and rosemary syrup, lemon). I'm glad I did. It's was full of flavor and perfect on a cold day. 
After making small talk with some of the patrons and staff I decided to order. They have an extensive menu mixed with pizza, soups, salads and sandwiches. I opted for the classic Wood Fired pepperoni and cheese pizza. It was one of the best pizza's I ate during my visit to Philadelphia! 
Whether you stop in for a cocktail or meal. Revolution House is a must visit!We showed up at around 4pm on a Friday and were seated almost immediately.  I really liked that the menu is small, maybe 30 items. It can get annoying looking through pages of a menu to decide. The brie appetizer is very tasted, the bread was toasted a little to long and one or two pieces were almost inedible. 
For my entre, I had the Pork sandwich with bacon, collard greens and sharp provolone. This sandwich was delicious, but next time I think I'll try it without the bacon, I know that sounds insane but the bacon flavor overpowered the rest of the flavors. 
My friend had the Gyro, I did not taste it but the only comment made was that there was too much meat and they were unable to fit the lettuce, tomato and onion. I don't think there's anything wrong with a lot of meat in your Gyro. 
I've seen comments regarding the service but our experience was great. The servers were quick and attentive, and I'm looking forward to eating here again in the near future.I came here for happy hour this past weekend while in town for a regatta. I was meeting an old friend for drinks, and the nice staff allowed me to sit down at a table since I arrived first. They also hurried to get our orders in so we wouldn't miss out on the happy hour specials. The atmosphere and decor were classy without being pretentious, and our server was friendly and helpful. I had no problems with the overall experience. 
There were a few issues that prevent me from awarding Revolution House 4 stars however, and they could have just been due to the timing of my visit. First, several of the drafts on the list weren't available, making it borderline impossible to order a happy hour beer I liked. The ones my friend and I inquired about were either gone or apparently really bad and not something we should order. (According to the server, that is.) I like to see updated draft lists with plenty of good options (especially when your only happy hour deal is for beer!) so this place fell short in that aspect. Second, my friend's food order came out wrong and both of our sides of fries were halfway cooked. Food being rushed out of the kitchen and prepared incorrectly isn't something I'm a huge fan of, however due to it being a Friday evening I can mentally give Revolution House a pass on this one. Overall I would probably come back, just at a much less crazy time! The service was good and I really liked the feel of the establishment despite the snafus my friend and I encountered.Stopped in last week after a Yelp* event elsewhere. We just wanted to have a drink before heading home.
They had 7 beers on tap (one tap had kicked), each one better than the other. In addition they had a number of interesting bottled beers available as well. While I enjoyed two excellent craft beers my wife had a very nice cabernet. We were not hungry but watched as the owner, Luca, made three different pizzas, any of which I would have gladly tasted. 
It was after 10 pm but the place had quite a few customers and a very helpful bartender (Christina).
Luca told us he is introducing a new menu shortly and we hope to get back to Philly for lunch or dinner. This was the location of our first Yelp event in October and it is nice to know that it wasn't a fluke. Definitely a place to try again.Better for brunch than anything else. The patio is great and the pizza is decent but the rest is just average at best and kind of bland.Love the atmosphere of this place. Beautiful wood bar, exposed rafters, everything. Mmm.
Sat at the bar with my boyfriend, who ordered a local porter and loved it. Was jealous of the beer list and it's deliciousness. Prices were pretty standard as far as NY prices go, don't know about PA prices. I would definitely come back here next time I'm in Philly.At the corner of Market and 2nd, the Revolution House is right in the middle of the old city district. They have a wood burning oven for pizzas, which they feature. The pizza are tasty, but the crust is not quite there, and when served on metal trays, they get soggy as they cool. They have a great selection of craft brews. Best time is when its warm enough and you can hang on the 2nd floor deck. If you are looking for a quick meal between pubs, give it a try.What was a nice neighborhood bar to stop in for better than average food last year, is now a disapointment.
The Guach app is premade and cold, it needs salt and jalapeo and cilantro...it's pretty much mashed up avocado, red onion and corn.  The chips are a root vegetable and great, although they're a little thin to use to scoop up the heavy guach.
Eggplant bruschetta is a make your own plate style with great toasted bread, but 1 dimensional flavors.  A seperate bowl with diced tomato and red onion, the dish is saved by the charred flavor of the bread, too bad because the eggplant has so much potential.
The eggplant parm is the best thing here.  The portion is a little small, but the eggplant it self is firm and cooked all the way through without being oily or mushy.
The lasagna cupcake is a good idea, but a total failure on execution.  With daily rotation flavors, this is something that should be showcased and the best think on the menu.  Mine was again lacking seasoning (is the Chef on a low sodium diet???), and came out cold.  Asked the kitchen to throw it back in the oven to heat up and it came out with the trademark sauce splatters from just nuking it.  With a wood burning oven in the front of the restaurant, I expect more here!
The waitress was friendly and attentive, and did her best to level our wobbly table outside...if it wasn't for her service and friendly attitude, this would have been a 2-2.5 star review.Pork shank appetizer is to die for and a great portion size. I've had the chicken and pineapple sandwich here too which is very very good.While the food and ambience was good, our service was not. We went to the Revolution House to have pizza and a salad for lunch only to be told that we could not order pizza because the oven was being cleaned. Shortly after our order was rejected we saw numerous pizzas being served to other patrons. Our beer sat in the sun at the rooftop bar for at least 10 minutes while our waiter walked past it numerous times. Finally, it was delivered warm. There were no utensils on our table and we had to ask the water server for them after our food was delivered. After waiting several minutes, we got up and found them on our own in a basket on the table next to us. We would have had another drink but none were offered. Not sure why our server was so inadequate, he certainly didn't seem too busy. He was friendly when we saw him. Lol While our server was not accommodating, I would go back to try the pizza if we lived in the area. The eggplant was yummy.The upstairs terrace is lovely, maybe go for a drink. The food is overpriced and tastless. The pizza crust was soggy :( Won't be going back.Beware. Do not let them take your credit card away either use cash or follow them. We took a group of French relatives there for lunch, they took our credit card in the back to ring up and that night there was an almost $1500 charge for an online store. The card we used we don't use very much so easy to track it to this resto. guessing one of the waitstaff stole the number thinking it was a group of tourists. I left a bunch of messages for the manager and no one ever called me back. Obviously they don't care. That's OK I filed a police report and gave them all the information so hopefully they'll find out who did it but beware do not let them walk away with your card. To the restaurant get machines to run transactions at the table and when someone leaves a message that one of the wait staff could have stolen cc info call them back. Guess it happens so often here that not a big deal. Other than that food was decent. Shame I won't ever eat here again.Very attractive atmosphere,  I love the feel of this bar. Drinks were very good and reasonably priced.Came here for lunch on a whim (of course after confirming with Yelp that it was a decent place!) and as usual, Yelpers did not steer me wrong. I was solo and when the sweet hostess seated me at a 4-ppl table, she was very accommodating when I asked to be moved to a more secluded booth. Ian my server was fantastic, personable without being overwhelming. I had the mushroom pizza and wow! It was devious. As I told Ian, I would have eaten the whole thing if I were in the confines of my own home, but in public, I felt like I should take half of it home to enjoy later. Will return!!Not as good as it used to be.  At 12 on a Saturday they didn't know what the frittata of the day is. Food was bland except the fries which were very good. Staff is friendly and young but disorganized and hang around the bar. One server brought out a food plate to another table and had another plate sitting on the food. 
Needs an upgrade in food and training. Much better places in old city.Food and atmosphere are great.  The Frattatine Pasta, Ratatouille, and Lobster Pot Pie.  We enjoyed them all.  Excellent flavors.  Service was a little slow but I have no problem recommending this place.  Will definitely come back.I went here for dinner tonight with a friend. They have a host of flatbread pizza specials in addition to the small, but well rounded menu. We had a pizza with prosciutto, fresh arugula and oiive oil ($17), which they cooked in a real, wood-burning oven. My friend was disappointed that they don't have a special cocktail menu (she ended up ordering a  manhattan)-or drink specials, but I was happy with the local-craft beer ($6?) selection (she can leaver her own review).  We sat on the first floor, but I'll be back when its nicer out to sit on their 2nd floor deck. We actually went up to the deck to look around and It smelled slightly like a campfire, which I like to think was from the authentic oven.
If you like a laid back, clean, atmosphere with affordable food, or want to dine outside but not curb side, I recommend the Revolution House.Came here today with my boyfriend, and we were on a mission: try the Brie Pizza. Rev House has been one of our favorite spots in Philly for a while; I've ordered the Baked Brie appetizer many times and have loved it, so when I heard it was no longer offered as an app but rather as a pizza...I knew I had to try. 
News flash: it's even better as a pizza than a regular old app. 
Having all of the ingredients on top of Rev House's delicious pizza crust makes for the perfect bite every time. Brie, strawberries, pecans, honey, and raisins. May sound weird to the less adventurous pizza eater, but I'm telling you you've gotta try it. The ingredients are plentiful and high quality. Soooo good. 
We paired it with a Black Kale & Beet Salad. Greens, golden beets, raspberries, watermelon radishes, and raspberry vinaigrette. Damn that vinaigrette is good! Perfect balance of sweet and acidic. Also comes with a delicious slice of bread topped with ricotta cheese and almonds. I suggest taking a little bit of the salad and throwing that on the bread as well. 
Whole meal was $30. Very satisfying meal for 2 people. I've never been disappointed by Revolution House. Great food, great drinks (though I didn't order a drink this time, I've had great cocktails there in the past), and great service.I really like this place! They have a really unique cocktail menu that they rotate. Last January they had a version of a hot toddy called 'gonna need a bigger boat.' It wasn't on the menu this time but when I asked if they could make it they did! 
Their food is also really delish. I really liked the tri-tip cheeseteak with a side salad even though it was so different from the traditional Philly-style cheesesteak. The margherita pizza is also yum and good to split between two if not famished but peckish.
Also, roof deck = AMAZING! even in January when its cold due to the space heaters they place around the tables. 
Also also, yelp deal for a free beer with the purchase of another made me a very happy camper.2 stars for food - the french toast was a little small, a little plain.  The eggs looked more interesting.
3 stars for taking brunch reservations for a large group, and not even needing them because the place was empty.  Also because the waiters were friendly and attentive.You can't walk by this place and not want to be on the roof deck. It's cool without being overly trendy or "Steven-star ish".  They have a decent beer and wine collection and their menu is varied enough that it will have something for even the pickiest eaters. I suggest the Calamari for an appetizer and the Mushroom Pizza with fontina cheese and truffle oil was very delicious as well. They have some pretty different menu items that are not for the faint of heart. I definitely want to go back to try the Smelts, the Lasagna Cupcake, and the Crab Cannoli.
If the weather is nice I'm heading to a roof deck and this one happens to have great food, drinks, and service.This place was amazing!!! I got the American Burger and my boyfriend got pizza and it was delicious. The grapefruit ale was amazing a must try!!!Oh what a let down! Revolution House is some place I have walked by numerous times and finally I was able to stop in. I was so disappointed. The hostess was very nice and sat us outside where we were hoping to be but the positive stopped there. The service was beyond slow! Beyond slow!! It was not a very crowded afternoon and we were at one time the only table outside. The server took about 10 minutes to come to us with water and take our drink order and than 10 more minutes to bring two drinks but I guess for them that is quick because after that we did not see our server for 30
Minutes. When we put our drink order in we put in an appetizer order of edamame ... Now it does not take anytime at all to prepare these and I was looking forward to eating them but that's about as far as it went. The server forgot the appetizer we ordered and than when he finally came out we just asked for the bill. Oh yes though we were charged for this imaginary food also which just made me annoyed. He did adjust our bill and take a percentage off because we said we waited for almost 35 minutes with no one checking on us like an island! This was so disappointing. I hate giving low reviews but this deserves it. With the exception that the drinks were delicious. That's where the one star comes from. If you don't mind being forgotten when you dine, this is the place to be.Came in for brunch, the eggs bandits was amazing. Had a Bloody Mary to accompany it. It was great and had a nice kick to it. The coddled eggs was very good too though the egg was overdone and not poached but more a hard egg. The quinoa was great and had a nice lime seasoning.My friends and I have been here a few times and it's always the same: poor service and mediocre food. Their only redeeming quality is their roof deck. The last time I went, I ordered fried Alaskan cod and, after an hour of waiting, I got three dime - sized fish patties straight out of the microwave. Utter crap. There are many better dining options in Old City.I'm giving this resturant the benefit of the doubt, because I should read the menu better. I ordered a fish taco that had a tablespoon of old fish between the 3 tacos and the fish was old. The rest was sour cream, a green sauce, onion some type of fruit. Yes I should have read the ingredients but there should been fresh fish on the tacos and those 3 sauces on the side. I paid for my meal then shared with my waiter that the tacos we're really bad. His reply, I'm sorry to hear that I guess you should have gotten the burger.  Bad service, the dropped my food off and never came back to my table.  I had to go inside to pay, not good. This criticism is to help this establishment improve.Great decor, rotating beer list and good food (at least the eggplant bruschetta). Their patio and upstairs bar offer a nice social atmosphere. The first floor offers a more private setting with booths and tables, also another bar. Everyone was friendly and helpful. The discounted beer thanks to a Yelp coupon didn't hurt either.Went for some Saturday afternoon/early evening drinks with friends on the roof deck.  Didn't order any substantial food, but the olive plate was enjoyable.  However, the big plus here was that they have Happy Hour on Saturday!  Half price draught beers...what a pleasant surprise.  Major kudos to our honest waitress who offered samples of beers she wasn't sure we'd like, and provided some great recommendations.  Also, as a wine drinker, I always find my part of the tab is higher than the rest of my group.  Here house wines by the glass are only $5, and it's a pretty substantial pour!  Guess I'll have to try the food, but I'd certainly be back for drinks on the roof!Tourist trap. Their food is hot garbage. What a mistake. I ordered a BBQ brisket sandwich with "Brussels sprouts slaw."  What I was given was a pile of fatty paper thin brisket slopped the fuck up with BBQ sauce straight out of a plastic bottle.  And it wasn't a sandwich, it was slopped onto a pita. Can't even be bothered to throw a lousy red onion, or pickled onion on it to cut some of the sugar. 
The Brussels slaw was also a disgrace. The Brussels sprouts were soft. The rest of the slaw was an unappetizing pink, and just tasted like mayonnaise.  It was dripping off the side of the bowl, indicating they again just kind of slopped it in without giving a fuck. 
The food made me thirsty but the waiter couldn't be bothered to refill my water.  He didn't stop by to ask how it was, I'm guessing he probably knew.Do not order the guacamole! It's disgusting and it's not fresh. It tasted like pre-packaged processed store bought guacamole and you will be wasting your money! We couldn't even finish half of it. That's how bad it was.
That's the only negative thing I have to say about this place. Everything else we ordered here was excellent and worth the money. Our waiter was great and I loved the atmosphere. We sat on the roof top deck so we had a pretty nice view.
If I'm ever in Philly again I would love to come back to this place.Came for lunch with some of my co workers. A nice selection of craft beers. All off us enjoyed our food. I had the meatball sandwich. Homemade meatballs, yummy. The gyro and burgers were decent. I thought the prices were fair for what we got. My only complaint is that the hostess should try smiling. I felt like I interrupted her when I asked to be seated. Our waitress more than made up for it with her great attitude.This place looks like a rustic hole-in-the wall restaurant, but we quite enjoyed our experience here! I got the cheesesteak which was done on a pita instead of your typical bun. This was probably my favorite cheesesteak I have had since moving to Philly. The spices were on-point and the cheese to steak ratio was perfect. 
Definitely going back!The decor (nice chandeliers) and prices ($6-12ish for brunch) are not bad.  Neither is the service.  
I didn't really enjoy the food, which was surprising, since it sounded like it would be great.  This place also seemed to be popular, so I thought it must be okay.  I ordered the Betsy Ross omelet with potatoes and 'housemade bread'.  The omelet had spinach, tomato, and feta.  I was expecting a fresh-tasting meal with some fresh-tasting potatoes and fresh bread.  That's not really what I received.
The potatoes tasted reheated for sure.  The bread was a strange and stale-tasting flatbread, which I thought was a huge mismatch with the rest of the food on the plate.  There was random fruit salad on top of all the hot items - maybe to hide the look of the potatoes?  Either way, it made the other food taste like fruit, and the other food made it warm.  The omelet tasted like it had bacon in it - so much so that I asked the server if there was bacon, and she said there was not.  Maybe it was cooked in the same oil as bacon?  I'm not sure.  Either way, I don't usually leave much food on my plate and I did this time.  :(Revolution House is fine and fun if you can get to the rooftop deck.  Generally there is quite a long wait to eat dinner up there.
The food is fairly run-of-the-mill American/pub food.  Their pizzas are the best thing they serve.  Their burgers are usually a bit overdone.
The servers are usually very friendly, but on the weekends, when it's packed, service can be a bit slow.
Location is great for Penn's Landing, Old City, and Independence Park.This place is amazing.  A large group of us visited this restaurant for cocktails and decided on a few apps and pizzas as well. They were delicious!!!  The taco dip was so yummy and we love the chips that it was served with.  The Brie cheese app was also yummy.  The Taylor tots were gone after a few minutes as everyone loved them along with the pizza as the toppings were so delicious and the crust was amazingly flavorful.  We loved the rooftop bar on a great day in Philly.  Definitely a fun spot to visit.Stumbled upon this place before the 4th of July fireworks at Penn's Landing; loved it so much we went back again a few months later. The rustic design is so beautifully executed and the service was on point. Do NOT leave until you've had the Mac and Cheese!Came here late at night to grab drinks and appetizers and I must say I was pleased. We got fries and the duck and both were delicious. Our drinks were also very good. I had the one with chocolate and it wasn't sweet at all. The service was great! We spilled one of the drinks that came out and the waitress got us a replacement and didn't charge extra for it! I would definitely go back!The food was decent - service is complete shit.  Had to send back a basic egg dish because they were overlooked and got the replacement more than 20 minutes later and after the other plates had been cleared from the table.  Had to ask for silverware for each person at the table when the plates arrived - meaning they kept coming back one at a time with individual silverware settings. Three separate people went out on a scout mission to find silverware before finally striking gold.  When we asked out server if a dish came with toast she said no.  So we ordered toast. Sure enough the dish came with the "house bread."  Duh?!  So the toast was left for the trash.  Listen - I know not everyone in the world wins a Nobel Prize in physics, but shouldn't most people at least be able to rub two brain cells together??  Apparently the Revolution House hires from the coma ward at the local hospital.I hate to give this restaurant two stars, but I have not had worse service in a very long time. Our server was inattentive, rang in the wrong order, blamed it on the kitchen and dropped the check without asking if we wanted anything else. The guacamole had way too much lime. The mushroom truffle pizza was amazing. Everything else was alright. I wish that the service had been better because this place has great potential!This review is only for drinks. A friend and I went for happy hour before dinner on a Friday night. We wanted to sit on the rooftop since it was such a beautiful day. We weren't allowed to sit at the tables outside, which were reserved for diners only. It was a little disappointing since it was almost completely empty out there. We ended up sitting inside at the bar, where it was hard to get the bartender's attention, and service overall was mediocre. 
However, the happy hour specials were awesome! I only got beer ($3 for a pint of Bloodline blood orange ale), but the happy hour pizza looked pretty good as well. 
All-in-all, I will probably go elsewhere for my next happy hour.We went in on a Sunday night for drinks and appetizers. They were not that busy. Hostess was very nice. Sat at a high top and after not getting service for a decent amount of time we were told to order from the bartender. 2 out of 3 drinks came but we had to ask for the 3rd. It was sitting at the end of the bar becuase it was forgotten to be given to us. We only ordered guacamole and it took forever to where we had to ask for it. Same with a second round of drinks. Worst service we have had in a while but the guacamole was good. Would not return.Revolution House has the potential to be a MUCH better restaurant. It has the decor, the atmosphere.... but what it lacks is originality. The staff is great. Our waitress was attentive, courteous, and sincere. There was only so much she could have done to make up for our lousy dinner. I ordered just a basic cheeseburger with cheese and bacon. It was served on pita which was different, it just didnt work.When my burger finally arrived the bacon wasn't fully cooked and it had the wrong cheese.  Ugh. Slight hiccup, but the way it was handled by management is the BIGGEST reason why i will not return. The night manager (who resembled Cruella deville) was very inconsiderate about our issues to say the least. So in short, if your looking for a nice night out for just some american food and good atmosphere, i highly recommend walking around the corner and going to Triumph instead.My mom was in town visiting and we wandered into here for dinner after exploring Olde City. We were seated immediately and our waiter was super down to earth and cool. 
I signed in on four square and got 1/2 off my second drink...nice! Drink selection was great and well priced.
My mom ordered a "small plate" salad as an appetizer that ended up being HUGE. We split the Cornish hen with jasmine rice and curry...OMG it was amazing. Soooo good!
Overall a totally enjoyable evening. Portions were way bigger than expected and very reasonably priced. Pleasant ambiance and awesome music. Be sure to check out the bathroom downstairs with union jack sofa!Replacing the old Snow White Diner, the new Revolution House is a welcome addition to Old City.
Given that it has been open less than 48 hours, I was very impressed. Coming in for lunch, the inside and outside seating was about 2/3 full, but we were seated right away.
The short lunch menu had enough to make me wonder what they'll have on their full dinner menu. I stuck with the burger, turning down the fried egg (just this time). The burger was better than most, easily the best in Old City!
Unfortunately, they haven't secured their liquor license yet (not until Tuesday 6/7/11, apparently), and the various taps on display were a huge tease.
I'd probably be able to give this place a full five stars after they've been open a little longer, only time will tell.This is a staple happy hour spot for us on Friday or Saturday.  I'm not sure why everyone is ragging on Old City lately, but I find Revolution House to be a great spot for a few hours after work.  The HH pizza special is a steal, and quite good, while there are always some stellar craft beers on special.  
The decor is very interesting, service is good albeit a little spotty sometimes, and the roof deck is great in spring, summer, and fall.  I highly recommend this one from 5:00-7 over it's neighbor, the Continental, which has gotten so crowded and overpriced that it's not even worth the visit anymore.I really liked this place! Food is great, drinks are great, love the ambiance, and we had fast service. The only reason I am giving it less than 5 stars is due to the lack of smiles its employees have. I'm not saying they have to be cheesin hard the whole time they are at work, but a straight face does not make me feel very welcome in a restaurant. Call me crazy, but I don't like to be surrounded by a bunch of grumpy looking people!
Other than that, we got seated quickly and were greeted immediately by the bartender (who was also the server for the high top table we sat out). She got us our drinks pretty quickly and took our food order as soon as we were ready. For manning both the bar and a few tables, I though she was doing a great job.
As for the food, I thought it was great! We got a sausage and broccoli raub pizza that was absolutely delicious. We also got calamari- it was nothing special, but it was good!
I can't wait to come back and sit on their deck!!Went to Revolution House with a couple of friends to grab a bite to eat before heading out for the night. We were seated on the rooftop deck & thankfully, the heat lamps were on. I was able to use yelp for a buy beer 1 get 1free offer. Also, one of the my friends used a 50% off a 2nd drink with foursquare. So, they have deals to be used. 
I shared the chicken sandwich & tater tots with a friend. The portion size of the sandwich was big enough for both of us to be full, even with sharing. My other friends ordered the beet salad, guacamole & margarita pizza.  They had a pretty decent selection of beers.  Really, my only complaint was the lack of cleanliness in the bathroom. It was not crowded while we were there, and the bathroom upstairs was a mess. Besides that, the meal, service & atmosphere were all good.Atmosphere: 4 stars
Food: 3 stars
Service: 3 stars
Drinks: 5 stars
Overall a good night out. Wasn't wowed by the food but the atmosphere was great and the drinks were strong. Servers were polite and professional but lacked the service necessary to give this a 5-star rating. Great location in the heart of Philly. We were a party of 5 and we're seated on the rooftop patio. We had to wait roughly 35 minutes for spot to open but, it was worth it. Would definitely recommend!Love this place!  Old City has needed a moderately priced, non-clubby/lounge, frat scene for a while and this bar fits the bill.  Great happy hour -- half priced select drafts for $3-$4 and $6 margarita pizzas.  Check-in on Yelp for a buy one get one free draft beer (not applicable during happy hour).  Nice casual upstairs area with couches and bar seating and an outside area/rooftop patio for dining.  Great location!  Thanks Revolution House :-)Probably would have scored a 4star on any other night than a Saturday night.  Waiter(s) 3 of them upstairs were a bit busy and more of a focus on a bachelorette party going on.  
After about several minutes the bus boy acknowledged us, then the waiter showed up after a couple of trips to the big party.  The waiter was nice in offering us choices and must say the firecracker shrimp and homemade cheese filled tots were the bomb.  
Several times everyone else not at the big party table had glasses empty waiting on service...simple task failed.
Ores two different types of pizza and they messed up the order and brought out pizza I guess they wanted us to eat.  
Side note, people, if you're gonna go out in public....CLEAN UP FIRST!  No need for the rest of having to smell nasty ass body oder.  Gag me to death from the dude with a lady who smelled like camel ass.  One would have to know if they smell like nasty ass!
Overall food was good, service fair and the dude at the next table...Uggh!Great place for a drink and meal. The rooftop patio is awesome. Pizzas are great, as is the rest of the menu. Good draft beers. Good Sunday BrunchI waited 20 min and still didn't get a waiter-all the tables also were without food and everyone was just sitting and waiting. The waitress didn't seem to understand how to put the orders into the computer. What a waist of a good area for a restaurant.This is right around the corner from where I live so it is very convenient for me to get to. As a result I have gone four times now.
First up: Decor
I really like the layout of this place. Its two floors and the first one is regular tavern style with booths, lots of dark wood and mirrors everywhere. Then there is an upstairs bar and lounge that has plush lower level seats and some high up tables and stools and another bar, This is also how you get out to sit on the patio which is my FAVORITE! The patio is lush with greenery, they have hanging planters and planter boxes lining the fence. It is a truly awesome patio.
Food:  The menu is decent with Veg options. We got the Lasagna Cupcake, (looks like a cupcake tastes like Lasagna) The Onion Soup (which they stressed was NOT French Onion soup but just onion soup, it still tasted great either way) and the pizza Margherita, (Nice large circles of melted Mozzarella on it). The food was good. Not great, but definitely on higher side of good. I love Neapolitan style pizza and it was a decent version, although I prefer Zavino if your looking for better pizza at the same price). Since I have been I havent repeated the cupcake, I have had the soup again and the pizza several times.
Drinks: I have only had wine here, their Riesling to be exact. Its good and reasonably priced. They do have a happy hour with $5 wine and a special on Beer, but nothing special on their specialty cocktails, also their pizza is on sale during their happy too! A+++++
Service: Honestly it seems to be hit or mis, our first time is was great from the hostess greeting us to the server on the patio. The second time it was the bar tender and she was busy so not super attentive (understandable) My third time the patio waitress had checked out and apparently there is a rule after a certain hour you go the bartender for anything you need even if you are sitting on the patio. No body told us that and when I flagged a server down they were quite rude in letting me know that piece of information. My fourth time our server definitely sucked, he was un involved and super slow, after we finally got our check after 5 years of trying to flag him down the bill was wrong and we had to re flag him down.
Price: Standard Old City Prices, I would say most of the items are reasonably priced.
Over all what do you want in a restaurant?  Good Food, Drinks, Price, Service, and Atmosphere this place had 4 of the 5 in solid form and the fifth one (service) is hit or mis, and I am willing to take my chances on that one so I will keep coming. :)We stopped in here today for lunch, because my daughter wanted pizza. They have a kid's menu that's the expected stuff (pasta, mac and cheese, burger, etc) Her kid's cheese pizza was $7, and it was a really big pizza. It would have been to much for me as an adult, so a pretty good deal. I got a cup of French onion soup, my husband got the clam chowder special. Mine was really good, not to much cheese like some places. We also split the grilled cheese which had bacon on it and  came with fries. It came on thick Texas toast type bread, not flat bread like the menu says, but I liked it that way. All in all, a very solid decently priced lunch in Olde City. I'd definitely go again.Great rooftop seating, but took an hour to get our salads and chicken sandwiches at 12 pm on a Monday. Didn't even discount the check.We were a party of six that came in about 3:10pm on Sunday, July 31st. We were seated & given water and menus. We overheard the waiter say to another table that the kitchen was closed until 4:00pm. This was not posted or told to us when we walked in....we just overheard the waiter. Needless to say they lost over $200 worth of business because we left & went across the street to the Continental. We were on a time crunch because we had a 5:00 ferry over to Camden for a concert.  Very disappointing.Overall, I liked the vibe and I love the neighborhood. Sitting outside was great as well. Server was pleasant and did his job but was overall kind of meh. I got the chicken pineapple sandwich which was good but i think I would get something else in the future. It didn't wow me except for the bread which is the same dough they use for their pizzas. So that's smart. Overall, this place is worth trying and I do want to go back and try more on the menu.What a lovely spot for lunch after our Big Bus tour. Roof top dining!  Excellent choice of beer, Mango Wheat & Pale ale from Pennsylvania. The food, our personal "surf & turf". Tri tip cheese steak on flatbread with Fish tacos. The food awesome the service great!Great atmosphere from the minute you walk through the doors. Staff are friendly. The draft beers are to die for and so is the Magerita Pizza... NOT to mention Half Price Happy Hour! Keep it up guys! Thank you.Good artisanal pizzas and a wide variety of other dishes. Clean and good service, and it wasn't crowded because it has plenty of seating.When I went here, we ate on the roof deck. And we over-ordered because we were really hungry. Between two people we ordered mac-n-cheese, a margherita pizza, and a rev dog. The beer selection was awesome, and reasonably priced. The food was all pretty good too.Had brunch here so cannot comment on the alcohol. Asked for Philly Omelet, which has salmon in it. Food is okay. They got my order wrong at the first place though. 
If you live close by, it's not a bad choice to grab food.My boyfriend & I visited Philadelphia this past weekend. We stumbled upon Revolution House by accident for lunch, but were thrilled! We were starving and our "eyes were bigger than our stomachs", which was to our advantage because everything was delicious, and we took the left overs back to the hotel. 
I can personally recommend the white bean dip, meatball sandwich & "4 Seasons/Tour" pizza (can't remember exactly) were all wonderful. They have a great selection of craft beers and local house wines. The sustainable nature of the menu & selections was a plus, plus!
We did not have any of the service issues others have mentioned, and in fact, our server was very personable and friendly, and our food came out quickly.
All in all, a great find in a cute area of town!Was out for a bit of day drinking last weekend, so a couple friends and I spotted up at the bar.  The bartenders were all extremely personable and helpful.  They effortlessly facilitated conversation involving everyone within earshot, and were more than happy to improvise on a cocktail or two when the ladies present proved indecisive (picky).      
The beer selection won't blow your mind with variety, but they do have some quality crafts on tap to appease the average beer snob.  It just so happened that I found a beer with my name all over it, and that beer was Dave's BrewFarm.  It was light, in a can, and overwhelmingly uninteresting....we were perfect for each other.
The no-pants-no-service policy seems a tad stuffy, but I'll definitely be going back.I had a burger with Swiss and bacon. It was cooked properly (medium rare) and juicy. The bacon was particularly good (not overdone). The roll was thin yet up to the task of supporting the burger and holding the juice. The type of fries was very good (similar to monk's) though mine could have been cooked more thoroughly. 
They offer a $3 discount if you pay with  levelup though we had some technical issues during my visit.   
The building itself is cool and there is an outside deck upstairs which should be fun in the spring (particularly for happy hour drinks). 
The waiter was pleasant and service was quick. If I could give 3.5 I would. I'll have to try some other things before elevating to a 4 but they passed the first test.This place is my go to. Great atmosphere - and the blend of modern and old architecture is perfect. I love the food and the creative drinks. The hostesses are always polite and attentive.I'd give it 2.5 stars if I could. 
I went here in September....we wanted to take advatange of that awesome rooftop terrace, but sadly, it was packed and the wait was just too long.  So, we sat inside (on the first floor).  I'm not into hot/loud/awkward restaurants...and this place took the cake the Friday evening that we were there!
We were seated quickly, but it took forever to get a waitress to come to our table (we were literally right next to the waitress "stand'.  There was a table of about 30 people next to us. SO. LOUD.  I contemplated getting up and leaving like 5 seconds before our waitress arrived.  Ugh.  Anyway, I guess the food is the important part - we got 2 flatbread pizza's - margherita and caprese.  They were good-ish, nothing too "OMG...I love this", though.  
The biggest problem was the lack of consistent service.  We had probably 5 different waitresses so we never knew who to ask (which we shouldn't've had to anyway) for refills, etc.  It seemed very unorganized and I got the vibe that none of the waitstaff knew what the hell to do either!
...probably not going back here.I can only comment on the drinks because I haven't eaten here yet, but I think its a great spot.  I went with some friends after spending a few hours wandering around First Friday.  When we entered, the hostess told us the upstairs bar was less crowded.  When asked if there were seats, she called up there to check for us.  There were some seats so we grabbed a couch on the inside.  Said hostess came upstairs and pointed out a table on the deck that we could have.  We all agreed that this woman was the most helpful hostess ever.  
We grabbed a couple beers, they had some nice craft brews on tap, and sat outside and took in the scenery.  The view of the bridge is really nice.  I asked a guy who was eating dinner how the food was, and he recommended the pizza.Place had a decent beer menu. However the food was not so great. Overall the food lacked flavor and depth. Would not recommend this to a friend, other then for the view/bar, don't plan on eating howeverI came here on Saturday when it was beautiful out with my friend. We went to the hostess and put my name down, along with my phone number to be seated for a table for 2. The hostess said it shouldn't be long so don't go too far. We said we would be right outside due to the high traffic of people coming in and out. 
My girlfriend and I were chatting for about 30 minutes when we noticed people who were coming in after us were being seated. I walked up to the hostess and asked how much longer for Brianna. She scanned the paper, as if I never put my name dow, and I pointed saying where it was and that it was crossed off. She got nervous and said she called me but I didn't answer. I then showed her my phone's recent calls and that I had no missed calls.  
I asked if they could accommodate us next due to the mistake and she said no and that I would have to wait 30 more minutes for a table. Ive worked in the service industry for 10+ years and would have never shoved a customer to the bottom of the waiting list. TERRIBLE customer service.
I will never attempt to eat here ever again and I will make sure my local friends know about my experience as well.Let me say positive things first, considering how few positive things I have to say. The rooftop bar, the decent drink selection, and the location are all brighter spots to the otherwise dull and rude Revolution House. When roaming around Old City's many bars and restaurants, it is a painless stop along the way. 
Efforts to remain professional aside, the 10 minutes I spent in Revolution House comprised the worst experience I've had in any Philadelphia restaurant. Looking to grab a drink during happy hour, my parents and I stopped in at 6:50 pm, admittedly toward the end of happy hour but with time nonetheless. It took us 5 minutes for them to - rather unwillingly - show us to a high-top table adjacent the bar. I asked which drafts were available for the happy hour and our waitress said that happy hour was finished. I said, "Well, it is 6:55," to which she replied, "My computer says 7:00 and it's automatic. Sorry." 
Having worked in restaurants and having enjoyed many a Philadelphia happy hour, the very least our waitress could have done was ask a manager. Instead, she offered a patronizing smile and walked away. We decided to leave, and as I turned around to grab my pack, I saw our waitress roll her eyes and take our water glasses away. 
It's just bad business. I understand there are policies that waiters and waitresses have to follow, but why not do everything possible to make a good first impression on new customers? In all likelihood, I won't be returning to Revolution House. There are plenty of great restaurants and bars in Old City, much less Philadelphia. Across the street is The Continental, one of the culinary highlights of the city. Instead of wasting money on a mediocre drink selection, try Cuba Libre or Eulogy Belgian Tavern on 2nd, or Fork on Market. In my experience, those places are much more fun and they actually act as if they want your business.Didn't realize that happy hour existed on the weekend! I've come here for happy hour several Saturday afternoons since I made this discovery. During happy hour, their margherita pizzas are only $6 (it can definitely feed 2), and a few of their beers are half price. Definitely check out the roof deck or if it's full the upstairs bar at least. I always have a good time here!
Also, if you don't come here for happy hour, be sure to use the yelp check in for a buy one beer get one free deal!We stopped in for dinner and couldn't figure out what the appeal was. They were out of three menu items that I'd tried to order, we had two waiters intermittently serving us, and the music was crazy loud...
The food we did get was OK. I presume people dig the beer selection here, which we didn't sample.The food was okay and I'll leave it at that. I would not go back for the food alone, but I would go here for some drinks on the patio on a beautiful sunny day. The upstairs bar is nice, the stairs are cool, they accommodated our large party and let us watch a certain nfl playoff game that another neighborhood bar refused to turn on...so props for that.
A word of advice to them would simply be to focus the menu a bit, there are asian dumplings, mac and cheese, pizza, and cheesesteaks & burgers in a weird pita thing,...it just seems all over the place. Find the one thing you do best - whether its pizza or sandwiches (I can't say I didn't have either) and stick with that.I didn't expect much out of this spot. I have heard very little among my circle of friends, and I'm not the biggest fan of old city in general. However, I loved the service, the atmosphere was perfect to catch up with friends (not too loud), and the food was pretty good too! I had the margherita pizza and tried the tater tots made with  sweet potato.
I look forward to returning, particularly in the springtime when I can take advantage of the roofdeck.Had a great meal with excellent service at Revolution House in Philly. Simone was an excellent bartender and the manager Dianna was so friendly. Will definitely make this a regular stop when we are coming through Philly.I've been here a few times and am surprised the reviews aren't  more positive (at the time of this writing the average is 3 stars).  
The first time I went was a matter of chance.  Happened to be the first place we decided to try.  My wife and I were surprised by the nice 2nd floor patio and absolutely shocked when the pizza came.  These were authentic italian thin crust pies.  We've been to Italy a few times and this is by far the best we've had in Philly.
We wondered why the Revolution House didn't get more hype.   We returned 3 more times and every time the food, service, and atmosphere were terrific.  
Great spot for a casual drink and pizza.  Pizzas are fairly large, but not filling so 1 per person seems to about right for us.
UPDATE:  I've been back a couple times and it seems to have lost some edge.  Still nice.Looking for a snack/lunch on a absolutely beautiful Saturday and picked Revolution House because a) the menu looked interesting b) on the corner, great for people watching. When I asked our server what kind of juices they had, she rolled her eyes and said, "I dunno," and then started listing sodas. I can deal with a ditz, so I got a coke, but everything was downhill after that. I ordered a few small dishes, which took forever to come out and after they did, the server never checked on us. The food was ok: mussels were drowning in sauce; calamari was good but the octopus was so-so. Boyfriend had the edamame and he loved it but how can you mess up beans? Anyway, after 10 painful minutes after we had clearly finished eating, the server comes by and asks us about dessert. No, the bill please, I don't have the time. I see her with our bill tucked under her arm as she checks on all her other tables, passing by us with the bill still wedged under her arm to grab some sodas for some other patrons. Multitasking was not her strong point.
I will say that the location is good; the one thing that made my experience bearable was people watching and a seat by the open window on a gorgeous day. Other than that, I was not impressed.working in the area, we always get take out. the place looks really cool and would love to return when not on the clock to enjoy the roof deck. however their food is just the best. Margarita Pizza is PERFECT, and their chicken pineapple pita is a combo i have never tried before and it is just amazing.Stopped in for a drink at the upstairs bar. We approached the bar and I asked the bartender how she was. Her blank look and one word response "good" was enough for me to know how it was going to go. I asked her what the sour monkey beer was like and she said "sour." I laughed and said "just sour?" She turned around, started talking (I couldn't hear a word she was saying), and poured a small sample. I expected to be given the sample but instead she took the shot of beer, turned back around to us and said "yea, it has a sour taste." I asked if I could try it too. The other bartender stood there with a scowl on his face not wanting to talk to anyone. Ms. and Mr. no personality needs a reality check on customer service. She gave our drinks and never said thank you. I can honestly say the only thing sour was the bartenders. We are not returning! Service is everything in the industry.I'm giving three stars purely for service. Bartenders are always super nice but not overly (annoyingly) attentive. I appreciate places that I go to solo that give me space.
Food here is nothing amazing. Main tip here: don't ever get the mac and cheese. It's like watery cheesy cereal with noodles.Do not go here. I came here with a group of friends on a Friday night (6 of us) and was promptly seated. It was pretty empty; just 1 or 2 other tables were full.  Our waitress took our order and REPEATED it back to us. We were served our apps and drinks very quickly but then waited 30 mins...1 hour...1.5 hours later we asked our waitress where our pizzas were. Oh, she didn't hear us and will put the order in now. Ummm, you repeated the order to us, thank you very much. We told her we didn't want the pizza at that point and asked for the check. She charged us for the pizzas AND auto 20% tip. No thanks. We paid for our apps/drinks and we all decided to leave her our own tips. I left her $1.What can I say about Revolution House? I drove down to Philly for the weekend with a big group of friends (16) and we ended our trip with dinner as a group of 9 on a Sunday night. We settled on Revolution House after checking out a couple other places, and the heated rooftop seating was the selling point (on top of the very reasonable prices for the quality of food and service) - We walked in and were promptly seated upstairs as requested, not a very busy night at the time we went (around 630pm) but for a group of our size, we had no wait for a table on the roof.
Being from NYC, I'm used to rude wait staff who I generally wind up complaining to management about. Not at this place. Our waiter was literally the nicest guy I've ever met, I couldn't say anything bad about him if I tried. Quick with the menus and got our food and drinks out to us as quickly as can be expected, never had any kind of attitude and kept asking us how our food was, if we wanted more (free) bread for our dip, drinks etc.
Now the food: I ordered the buffalo chicken dip for the table and "The American" burger with bleu cheese and bacon for myself. I ordered my burger medium rare expecting it to come to the table medium, mostly because I've learned most restaurants can't send out a burger without overcooking it. Wrong. My burger came out medium rare, and it was definitely medium rare done the way it should be. Tender and juicy, just the right amount of char on the outside and dark pink on the inside and one of the better burgers I've ever had. The buffalo chicken dip was absolutely incredible, too, and I definitely would have ordered more if the rest of our party was hungry enough to eat it.
I don't give anything 5 stars, but I can't think of a single thing that would warrant a lower rating. My whiskey ginger was a little weak, but it was also $5 and the quality of food and service were well beyond anything I'm used to in NYC, so I can't take points off for the weak drink.
I'd definitely go back next time I'm in Philly.We made a reservation at Revolution House for a group of 20. They were only able to accommodate us at 6 or 9:30, so we chose 6. The servers and bartenders were very friendly, which we appreciated. We ordered a bunch of food to share among us and overall, it was pretty disappointing. We really enjoyed the meatball sandwich and our friends mentioned the cheesesteak was fantastic. I like that they use flatbread rather than a traditional bun or roll. But unfortunately, our small plates were terrible. The mac n cheese was grainy, the artichoke and mushroom saute was flavorless and oily, the firecracker shrimp were good but the mustard and sriracha were an odd mix, and the white bean dip was flavorless. The menu items looked tasty, but everything was pretty disappointing. Overall, we had a nice night and I would definitely consider coming back for drinks on their outdoor patio once the weather gets nicer. But I would not return for food.Took my wife to the Revolution House on Friday. She wanted to have a roof top lunch. Firecracker shrimp and calamari for appetizer - delicious! She had fish tacos - awesome. I had the tri-tip cheesesteak - absolutely out of this world! We highly recommend all for items. So let's talk about our server - Cory - attentive, prompt service and apparently had a silly sense of humor just like me! 
Ask for him upstairs!ok service with not so alcoholic mixed drinks that tasted mainly like juice (but still tasty in my opinion). the food was pretty decent but a tad overpriced for what it was. i assume i was paying for the outdoor patio, which was greatThe food was good and the prices were right. I've been told the burgers are great. The waiter was great, and when we tried to order something he didn't think was great he (diplomatically, yet firmly) pointed us in a better direction. Not many people can do that right.
They need to turn the lights down. Like, really. It ruins the 'modern tavern' vibe.We visited Philly a few months ago, and we went to this place twice. We're still talking about how much we loved it. Even though they weren't supposed to be serving people on the upstairs patio at the time, they let us sit there. The patio is great for people watching, the atmosphere was fun, IPAs were delicious, and the baked brie was out of this world.Hip but not too hip, and somehow hidden in the all-too perfect location of 2nd & Market, the Revolution House is a great place to take in one of the fantastic microbrews on tap during happy hour, and features a great foody menu complete with plenty of homemade dishes if you'd like to sit and enjoy.
Small, but not tight, dining room is stylishly lit and tailored to be the bratty younger cousin equivalent of the City Tavern, sitting just a few blocks south.  
Good service, great beer and, did I say it already, fantastic menu. Two words: Tater. Tots. Looking forward to that next visit.I'm torn. The food and beer is very good (with the exception of the happy hour pizza- which was oil and sauce on undercooked bread) but the service is so so so bad. We first fell in love with this place, it's beer and a very friendly bartender who got people talking and did something crazy - engage the customers. Since he left, it's been an endless parade of women in short dresses standing behind the bar waiting for you to get their attention and tell them what you'd like, if you'd like another, and NOT ONE ever provided us with their name. We also once showed up to the empty bar on a Monday to watch Monday night football and they wouldn't turn it on. It's a great space and the goods are good so it's tough to cross it off the list. But, the service stops us from going back regularly or recommending the place. Too bad, it's a great location.Can't attest to the bar experience, but I can to the dining.
Pros:
-AWESOME aesthetic. Can't beat that rooftop.
-Food. Was. Fantastic.
Cons:
-Actually waited 20 minutes just to get water at our table. The waiter walked by our table, I'd say about 15 times and wouldn't even make eye contact. Overall a the meal took about 2 hours, mostly because of waiting time. I would have given 4 stars for everything else but the service was actually that bad. 
Could have been a bad waiter, but the service sucked. HOWEVER if you're into good beer and you can wait for some awesome food, Go for it.Just 'meh'. Food was fairly priced for what you get, but wasn't especially thrilling, service was disappointing (to be fair I came after the dinner rush on Saturday so maybe it was a one-off thing). The menu is pretty fun though, I bet this place is good for happy hour in a group,  but from what I can tell dinner is not their specialty. If I go back it will be to have drinks on the roof, which February didn't permit me to experience.