Absolutely loved this charming restaurant. The atmosphere was welcoming and the food was amazing. 
We had fried green tomatoes, the burger with sweet potato fries and the milk and cookies dessert. All of which were amazing.I've been twice and both times with other foodie folks. Burgers were great, drinks strong. The rest of the meals were average in prep and taste, but the outstanding service makes it a nice place to be.If you're in the mood for southern comfort for brunch, please come here. The chicken and waffles & shrimp and grits was perfection. The waffles were made just right and home fries is crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Saltiness of the chicken is balanced out with the amount of syrup. The pouched egg just gives it extra texture. Shrimp and grits has the best combination of the jalapeño cheese sauce and spicy tomato sauce. The mash potato in the middle goes perfectly with the two sauces. Excellent meal :) Not to mention how friendly the staff were! Def coming back!This place is awesome. Great ambiance, great food, excellent staff. I would definitely recommend. If you go for brunch, get the Shrimp & Grits. You will not be sorry!I like what Rex 1516 is trying to pull off, but after dining there twice I just didn't have a good experience.  The decor is nice, but the food was inconsistent and overpriced.  The experience is casual yet pretentious, making me feel like the restaurant doesn't know what it wants to be, with servers pretty much ignoring you for long stretches of time.  The food has to be way better for that.
The $11 scallop appetizer nets you two, that's right TWO scallops on a giant plate with some okay looking greens.  Maybe I just don't understand scallops, but we didn't see/taste anything special there.  The vegetarian meatloaf felt like something you could get out of the frozen section of the supermarket, to be awfully blunt.  The chicken was good, but not what you'd expect for the price (again).  The friend I dined with wasn't raving about the pork loin either.  
The best part of our first visit was the crawfish pot pie, but when we returned a second time we got two and they were not as good and mine tasted somewhat sour.  Disappointing.
Lower some of the prices and the pretentiousness level and you've got a good place to go, but as is, I won't be returning.The mushroom bucatini is the best pasta dish I've had in philly! unbelievable taste!  probably not cooked by humans. Alien creation. Yummmmmm!!
Our server was very funny and friendly. His recommendations were great! Inexpensive  beer/ wine selectionThis is one of my favorite places in the entire city! We have a great time each and every time we go. Heather and Lou always make us feel welcomed! The food is outrageous, from the mac and cheese with pulled pork, to every single special they serve ( go with the specials!) brunch is fantastic, drinks are delicious. Truly no complaints! Tuesday night is a burger, shot, and beer for $15.00, really can't beat that and Rex won best burger this year. The cookies and milk are unlike anything I've ever had, also a must! Love Rex!Holy crap, this is hands down one of the greatest burgers I've ever eaten!!!!   I came here on a last minute whim in the mood for a burger and I am
literally speechless...I don't quite have the words to describe this meal other than PERFECTION!!!  Heaven in my mouth pretty much sums it up.  Please do yourself the favor and come try this place.  PS, this is my first Yelp review ever written!!!Went here on a desolate weeknight and experienced:
1. poorly executed and overpriced food;
2. bad service and long wait for food;
3. freezing temperatures!
Literally, there was no one else there and we waited 30 minutes for appetizers.  No update from waitress on why our food was taking so long; no inquiries as to how we were doing (hungry!).  We didn't even get any bread while we were waiting!
The food was conceptually interesting but poorly executed.  I mean seriously - $7 for a rubbery Scotch egg?  The mussels were mediocre at best and served with 2 measly slivers of toasted bread; the menu says it is served with sweet potato fries but they were more like over-fried tiny slivers of garnish.  The beignet was too doughy and reminded me too much of Hot Pockets ... actually that's an insult to Hot Pockets, because I think they are crisper than Rex's beignets if you use the aluminum sleeve when you microwave them.  The crawfish pot pie had decent flavors but the pastry should have been flakier.  The fig bruschetta has balanced flavors, but I one of my poached figs was dry and chewy.
Lastly, THERE WAS NO HEAT ON A CHILLY NOVEMBER NIGHT BECAUSE IT FELT LIKE IT WAS 50 DEGREES IN THERE!  I guess the servers didn't notice because they weren't really in the dining area at all.  Really, al fresco dining is not my thing at this time of the year and all I could think about was getting the bill so I could leave and get warm again.The only caveat I can give is that service was a bit slow. This place is sick.
The decor is kind of extra, the combination of being a super narrow space with all the random excess makes it feel like a very cozy 1700s Spanish Imperial coatroom. I'm pretty sure leather covered tables is incredibly excessive, but whatever floats your boat. 
Came in on a Sunday around 2pm, reasonable crowd inside but not terribly packed. We were seated promptly but it took a while for the waitstaff to get around to us. However, once they did, they were nothing less than fantastic. I asked for a beer recommendation and they brought out a small sample for me to try. 
My friend and I both got the house burger. It's probably the 2nd best burger I've ever had in my life (behind Blacow in Tokyo if you ever get the chance) and goddamn it is amazing. It's thick and satisfying. The buns were warm and soft and slightly grilled (extra as fuck, I'm pretty sure that made no discernible difference in taste, but extra is fine when it comes to the food). The pimento cheese adds a serious kick to it and every time you bite into the egg, a warm, salty, drip of egg flavor just hits you. It's fucking fantastic. The lettuce is kind of overpowered by everything else that's going on, but that's not really a knock against it.
It also came with an order of fries, which were pretty good I think, but honestly after that burger nothing really mattered. Would definitely come back.Been here twice now for a sit-down dinner and a few times now for happy hour. Gotta say this is my favorite restaurant in the city. I can say things like "The food is amazing and actually cooked with love" and it'd be 100% accurate, but what really hits me is the service. Did Valentine's Day here and our server went above and beyond. He had a warm personality and seemed genuinely psyched to be telling us about everything on the menu and serving us. And it didn't at all seem phony or a put-on. He was glad to be there and his enthusiasm rubbed off on us.
Whether you're here for the Burgerwide special ($15 for the burger of the week, Newbold, and a shot of whiskey), a 3-course meal (can't go wrong with anything, but make sure you get Milk and Cookies for dessert), or just drinks this place will not disappoint. The chef knows what he's doing and the servers are happy to be there. Can't ask for anything more.Chicken and Waffles were off the chain so was the delicious bite of the burger I had. Also our server was excellent. I'll definitely be back for dinner.Five stars for food, atmosphere, and staff. This is my go-to spot for fried chicken cravings. There's is perfectly seasoned and crispy and is served with flavorful greens. As a starter, don't skip the ribs. They are just the right combination of tangy and sweet. For dessert, go with the adult milk and cookies; you won't be sorry. Every time I go, the server Jason welcomes me back, which makes me feel valued to their business.  The bartender Lou is conversational and a truly knowledgeable mixologist. Atmosphere is moody and romantic. Love this place!Rex is great! The Tuesday burger special is my favorite special in the city! Bartenders and waiters are very friendly!Man look..ate here on New Years and the everything was really good..waiter bragged about the brunch so I had to see about it and he wasn't lyin'! No freezer and no microwave in this kitchen..fresh made food from scratchThe atmosphere was cozy, with a bit of a more sophisticated twist. The burgers hit the spot as did the sweet potato fries. The onion soup was less noteworthy - served with two slices of toasted cheese brioche but not gooey like I like for a crock of onion soup.Went to Rex for the first time yesterday for dinner and the dinner and experience was just excellent. First of all, our waiter Brian was so nice and attentive. He gave his genuine opinions about the food. He was passionate about his recommendations and that came through in his service. He was right about the food as well!
Then the food was delicious! My friend and I had the Mac and cheese with pulled pork. We couldn't stop eating it! Then we also ordered fries and they were very good. We also had some wings, NC BBQ style. Nice, tangy and spicy since it was vinegar based. Loved it! Our entrees were exceptional. My friend had the hanger steak and I had the trout stuffed with black eyed peas. We both were saying before the meal that we were too full to finish but managed to clean our plates because it was just that good!!! I HIGHLY recommend Rex!This is my new favorite brunch spot in Philly and not only because of the food but the awesome service and atmosphere as well.
I went to Rex 1516 late on a Sunday afternoon for my birthday brunch. I had a reservation for 3pm and was running late. I called to let them know and they said it would be fine. I ended up getting there a half hour late and the kitchen was closing in 15 mins. The staff was completely nice about it and still let my party of 13 order food and drinks. They never rushed us and gave us time to look at the menu. I wish I could remember my server's name because she was great and never seemed annoyed that we were late. The manager Heather also brought over a birthday dessert before the kitchen closed because she wanted to make sure I got it. 
The food was really good, I had the shrimp po'boy which was tasty. A lot of my guests had the chicken and waffles, gave it rave reviews. We also had the grill cheese sandwich, biscuits and gravy. Everything was delicious. 
I highly recommend this place if you are looking for an intimate setting with great food, drinks and a super friendly staff. They could have totally cancelled my reservation since I was so late but they welcomed us and made sure we were comfortable.
Thank you so much Rex 1516!!!So close by figured we finally have to try it. We went at 3pm on Sunday so there was only one other table there. The waitress was nice, but most of the staff was just talking to each other in the back which I guess is OK since it was kind of empty. I got the pulled chicken sandwich which was really flavorful, my husband got the cornmeal waffles which were pretty OK, but a little hard and lacking flavor. The decor is cute and the music was swing/south which was pretty interesting. Would probably go back to try more things on the menu, the brunch menu could use a few more vegetarian options though.This southern restaurant does an excellent job on the "home cooked meal". They have awesome burgers, pot pies, mac n cheese. We enjoyed eating our meal outside on south street watching the people go by.  I would eat here again!Great restaurant!! The food is so delicious, the drinks are perfectly crafted, and the atmosphere is so inviting. I highly recommend this place for anything from dinner parties to date nights. 
The staff is so accommodating and the musics great!If you like Southern comfort food, this is your spot.  Even the drink menu is crafted with such attention to detail that I forgot I was well north of the Mason-Dixon.
The Deep South, centered around rooibos-infused vodka and honey, was as pleasant as any front-porch rocking chair.
As for the appetizers, the crawfish pot pie was INCREDIBLE, possibly the best thing I've eaten all year, and the pulled pork shells & cheese were delightful too.
The barbecue platter was great, too, featuring brisket and andouille sausage, along with three types of barbecue sauce to span the tastes of the American South.
Seriously, go.  Now.Went here with really high expectations. i guess that was my mistake.   Plenty of yelpers spoke very highly of this place & have written raves reviews about the service ,atmosphere and food.Arrived for brunch a few minutes after our reservation slot and our table was still waiting for us. The service here is impeccable and the staff that helped us out were friendly and know the menu. Everyone in our group commented on the awesome decor especially the exposed brick wall and dark wood furniture. 
The brunch options sound very inviting with a southern spin so i was excited to try something different.
I decided on the heuvos rancheros with a crawfish etouffe. What arrived to my table was a semi warm dish that looked as though it should be an appetizer. The tortilla base was a little on the hard side and the crawfish etouffe though flavorful was not as warm as it should have been. The sunny side up egg (yes just one) was not nearly as runny as i would have prefered but at least it was warmer than everything else on the plate. I probably should have sent back the dish but i was starving and didnt anticipate still being hungry post brunch. 
The theme for this brunch was small , cold servings but fantatsic service so based on the service alone i would give rex another shot. Im hoping the rest of the menu is full of normal size options that are WARM and filling.Wow yeah definitely had a great time at this place.  Will go back.  Valentine's Day 2016 dinner with my wife. I had a buddy recommend the burger so we had to get it and it didn't disappoint.   Tied for top burger for me in the city.  I believe it was a special make that night with fontina cheese, bacon and we asked for the friend egg on top.  Fantastic.  We split the NY Strip and couldn't finish it either.  It was in a sweet glaze that was great and you got a lot of steak for the $25.  We also started with the fried tomatoes and wings which I would also recommend.  Clearly this was a night to not hold back on the healthiness.. Really nice wait staff and atmosphere.  They comp'd the table next to us as they under cooked her steak and it took too long back in the kitchen.  A gesture to make you want to come back.  The bar was also a good selection of drinks and some craft beers on tap.Small Plates are way better than Entrees here
The vibes of this place remind me of Charleston; cute vintage decor with a classic movie playing in the background. The drinks were OK, a little bit on the bitter side for me but the presentation with the flowers on top was nice.
I was more impressed by their small plates than entrees here.
Smoked Wings - very flavorful and cooked well
Mac and Cheese - delicious, i wish there were more!
Fried Green Tomatoes - perfectly fried and pickled
My friends and I were not impressed with the entrees
Fried Catfish - soooo underseasoned! for a southern food restaurant we expected more from this
Fried Chicken - it was seasoned OK but there were some parts of the batter that were SO crunchy it felt like it was going to break our teeth, we've had way better fried chicken elsewhere
Crawfish Pot Pie - not enough crawfish but the flavors were decent
The desserts were great! The fried cookies were a bit much but I enjoyed their peanut butter chocolate cake w/ ice cream
Overall, I think this place needs to improve on their entrees which is the essence of this restaurant. All the small plates we had here are easily obtainable in other bars/restaurants.Went for Brunch! I was very happy with my chicken and waffles. I forgot the drink I got but it was very little,  I felt ripped off ordering that lol. My husband got the Hurricane cocktail and that was tasty and a good size. Overall we were all very happy (party of 6) with our food. Loved the atmosphere/decor, service and food!The experience of eating at Rex was all around delicious.  From the crawfish pot pie to the refreshing mint julep to my pork loin stuffed with cornbread and andoullie sausage.  And who knew sweet potatoes, collard greens and spinach could taste so good?! Thank you Chef Regis! 
We had fun exploring the cocktail menu and were delighted each time... flowers and mint sprigs decorating each drink. And the ambiance kept pace with the amazing food and drink.. jazz and silent Hitchcock movies playing in the background and sweet Lou behind the bartender crafting drinks with pizzazz. Service was friendly and attentive. Oh and the prices are good too. I cant wait to go back to explore the menus a bit more.. maybe this time for lunch or brunch. I've heard the burger is amazing and is a house grind of flilet, brisket, and pork belly. I have a feeling this is one of those places and I am going back to again and again!Absolutely delicious!! Try the chicken and waffles and the underrated creamed chipped brisket on sour dough.Brunch is amazing. Stumbled upon this place one day, and so happy that we did. Shrimp and grits is out of this world. Biscuits and gravy are oddly sweet, but I'm sure that works for some people. Can't say enough about the shrimp and gritsSo I guess things can be hit or miss.  I had the Monte Cristo and felt like there was a brick in my stomach for about 36 hours.  It was very, very uncomfortable.  Live and learn; shrimp and grits always from now on.The food was OK. It wasn't out of this world. I think you pay more for the ambience than the food itself.Amazing grill cheese sandwich!!!!! You can't beat a $5 spicy sandwich! Honestly the best grill cheese in philly!My long awaited visit to Rex 1516 was very much well worth it! Cranky and starving from having walked from Olde City, we were fortunate to be seated at the bar in the back since we did not have a reservation. 
Service: Terrific! The bartender was fabulous and watching him was like watching live art. Incredibly friendly and knowledgeable staff who engaged with us and made us feel like home. We loved the staff. 
Atmosphere: Cozy, but dark and mysterious. There are tables near the entrance and the bar in the back. Right before the kitchen is a bench with a TV directly above it. I can't remember the music, but they had The Maltese Falcon playing on a loop which was delightful since it's my favorite Bogart and Lorre film. There wasn't an air of snobbiness and felt very welcoming. 
Food: GREAT burger and highly recommended. The catfish pate was also on special and worth trying. Make sure you have room for the dessert which also delivered with their warm apple crisp which was delicious (coming from someone who does NOT do apple desserts!).
Overall a wonderful experience from beginning to end!Excellent range of foods from comfort to more sophisticated served in a very pleasant atmosphere by a very accommodating staff.  This is an excellent choice for a well-conceived and executed menu that won't break the bank.  Count on spending roughly $45 a person for a full meal with modest drinking.  If you start ordering bottles of wine and cocktails you can run up the tab significantly, but, then, that is true anywhere!!!!!!another great sign that South street is up and coming. I went here for a decadent lunch with a friend to celebrate. We started with the planter's punch--it had a nicely alcoholic punch that started our celebrations off in the right way. We split the southern caesar salad, which she loved and I liked (full disclosure--I'm not a huge Caesar fan). I had the jambalaya, which was awesome--nice and spicy. Very good. Since then I've also been back for the salmon entree and the shrimp and grits at brunch, all very good. What really makes this place, though, is the drinks and the desserts. The sweet potato turnovers are wonderful, the pie is excellent, and the bread pudding is decadent. I also recommend all the drinks--I've tried them all--but my favorite remains the planter's punch. Definitely a great addition to the neighborhood!Rex handles southern cuisine in a way most northeastern restaurants can't. I had the BBQ Pork platter and it was a great dish. I only wish it had more ribs or pulled pork. They add food to the dish by putting a sausage with it. The sausage was very good, but I would have still liked to see one more rib or some more pulled pork. The BBQ sauce is tangy and tasty. The drinks are well prepared, and inventive. Good craft beer menu as well. I recommend this place highly.Good food but the main reason I give this place 5 stars is that they fill up growlers for $12!!! And with good beer too! Otherwise their brunch menu is great and they have some delicious desserts.I have been here a few times for brunch. My wife and I went for Happy Hour and their annual crawfish boil. This place is amazing. Best brunch in the area and Happy Hour is killer. If you have not been here you need to go. 
In top of great food the staff is super friendly.I enjoyed this place, Its not everyday you get a creole based brunch. Its a nice alternative to the regular eggs benny, omelets you get at most brunch spots. Don't get me wrong, they serve up the regular items but its creole based which makes it pretty awesome. I ordered egg benny with crawfish ettouffe!!! It was pretty freakin delicious!!! 
I have not been here for dinner but will most certainly try it out now that I know they serve up creole/cajun food.We've been to Rex twice now for happy hour and absolutely love it. Great cocktails, amazing $5 food specials and the bartenders are incredibly friendly. My boyfriend got the chorizo burger, which was a special one day, and said its the best he's ever had. Really fun pace to sit at the bar for date night.Mmmmmm...Pimento cheese....
I love this restaurant, although they could stand to bulk out their vegetarian options a little (rice and beans hardly a meal makes).
People freak out over the sweet-tea brined chicken, and the burger is a solid 5 stars especially with a fried egg on top!
The chef, Justin Swain, is a visionary, and the bartender, Sweet Lou, is just as talented.
Definitely a must-go!Cool spot with a retro vibe. Food is great as are the cocktails. Staff is friendly and professional. The manager Heather is great and Jack and Lou are talented bartenders. This is not a sports bar. Founding Fathers is right up the block if you want to catch a game.Once a year my fiance and I have a special day that we dedicate to finding new and unique treasures in Philadelphia. It's a day were the phones are off and we galavant around the city in hope of rediscovering our love for Philadelphia. I typically spend about month doing research in preparation. This year our goal was to discover the best fried chicken in Philadelphia. A little back story, the fiance is awesome but to be clear he is a picky eater. He loves chicken however, so this was an important part of the day. I made a reservation at Rex 1516 and mentioned in the res that we were coming specifically for the chicken. This was the last activity planned for the day.
When we arrived, I instantly felt at ease in the restaurant. It's a really cute space with big windows out front. We were seated and our very pleasant waitress notified us that there was only one menu change ... they were out of ... dun dun dun ... fried chicken. My heart sank but we played it off like it was no big deal. 5 minutes later the manager approached and explained how although they were out of fried chicken, they saved two for us based on our reservation. I couldn't  believe how those few words changed the entire course of our evening. I was humbled and so grateful for what they did, at this point I already decided I loved this place. Customer service is so important to me sometimes more than the food. 
But lets talk about the food ...
Everything we ordered was delightful. The cheese straws were light and airy with a delicious pesto sauce. The fried chicken was literally some of the best I ever had. My fiance was licking the bones. The fluffy mashed potatoes with white gravy were heavenly and the greens were perfectly seasoned with just enough heat. The hot sauce that it came with was a perfect accompaniment. For dessert we ordered their special which was a play on cookies and milk. The "cookies" were pecan and chocolate fried dough balls and the "milk" ... well I can't remember exactly what was in it but if I could have stripped down and bathed in it at the restaurant I would have. Apparently this was the debut dessert of the newly appointed soux chef Brian DeMuro. I would say it was a hit!
So in summary, you know a place is a good when you start reading their brunch menu during dinner in an effort to plan your next visit. We did exactly this. The decor, the staff, the food, the hospitality, did I mention the food? Everything together made me leave skipping down South Street. Thank you to everyone at Rex 1516. See you for brunch in a few weeks!Go Hungry!
I'm a huge fan of the creative small plate american food you get at places like Sbraga, Fork, Farm and Fisherman and Russet.  This is something else--but to call it comfort food, sells it short.  It is inspired by New Orleans and this joint loves some sweet potato.  One thing it's not is stingy--generous, but not overwhelming. We had a fig, goat cheese and caramelized onion bruschetta and some sort of crayfish pot pie as appetizers.  Salmon (big piece perfectly cooked) with a green rice unlike anything.   My son had a stuffed pork dish with sweet potato that was to die for.  
Our desert was cheesecake and pie, both made with sweet potato.  There's a dedicated pastry chef--somehow, save room for desert--it ain't easy.
Oh yes, there was generous arugula salad with pecans and pears.  Cause they just opened there was complimentary wine (don't count on that for long);  three of us got out with food to take home for under 100.  A very fair value, I think.
The service was warm and attentive but not annoying (take a lesson Tashan).  Really terrific classic jazz from the 20s to the 50s on the fine sound system-speakers all around.. Someone with taste chose the music; our musician son agreed. 
Joint was empty, so no way to say if they can sustain all this with a full house, but if they can--watch out.  We live in the neighborhood, so see you there.  
Great meal.  Fair price.I hit up REX with a group of friends for brunch after a draining weekend at the Made in America Festival. The spot is nice and cozy and when we arrived the spot was not packed. But the food is nothing to brag about and the service is ridiculously slow. The owner and the staff are  very nice though. I ordered the banana pancakes. It tasted good but was not hot or filling. It did not come with eggs, bacon, or any side dish. Seriously $12 for 2 pieces of texas toast cut in half. I was starving after my meal. 
One of my friends ordered the chicken and waffles and she also complained about her food being lukewarm. Another friend ordered the shrimp and grits and had to send it back because it was cold and did not have the pork bits that she requested in her meal. It took another 20 mins for the food to come back out and by then she lost her appetite. The most disappointing moment was when one of my friends had to send her plate back not once but TWICE because her dish was served with pork after she made it VERY CLEAR that she did not eat pork. However, the owner and staff apologized repeatedly and her bill was comped. 
-service is slow, food is not the best. save your time and money and check out the other brunch spots on south street.Great service. Our server was great.
Had the fried oysters with cheese & bacon grits. The fried oysters were bland by themselves but tasty with the grits.
Had the risotto...wasn't impressed.
Loved the shake chocolate porter draft beer. One of the tastiest beers I've ever experienced.Came here last Sunday for the clams and a fantastic hefeweizen on tap. The food was amazing, and the atmosphere was romantic and charming. I also liked that not too many people were there, as I could actually have a conversation with my partner. I would give it 5 stars if the portions were larger. My $13 plate was really small.. probably around a dozen small clams at the most.Best grilled cheese of my life! (Only $5 during happy hour wowow) and molasses chipotle chicken wings and cornbread (with seasonal butter- different every time and delicious every time) mmmm mm mmm! And such a nice cozy & romantic atmosphere ... My favorite restaurant on south streetRex is one of my favorite spots in the city. The food and cocktails are top-notch. The staff, is extremely knowledgable about Southern cuisine, and the bartender is a walking encyclopedia of libations. I also really love the atmosphere-- the lights are dimmed and there are old movies playing in the background. I can't recommend Rex highly enough!Been coming here for the Burger specials on Tuesday nights since it's not too crowded and it's close to where I live. For the price, the gourmet burger of the week is definitely one of the best in the city. I love their sweet potato fries so much that I could probably just eat that and be content. The best part is that they'll throw in a shot and a beer to keep you nice and buzzed throughout dinner. Definitely a great weeknight experience.Wow- I can't say enough good things about this place. The cool, modern, but cozy ambiance helped us settle in, and our friendly waiter was helpful in answering all of our questions about the menu. Two at the table ordered the mint julep which was punchy and not too sweet. 
Food we ordered:
Fig Bruschetta: full of tangy, sweet, and sour flavors, maybe just a tad heavy-handed on the rosemary, but devoured nonetheless 
Mac and Cheese: soooo good. It was creamy and cheesy with crunchy little salty ham bits that just tie it all together. I may order this as a main next time. That is, if I don't order the.... 
BURGER: three of us ordered this, and all agreed that it was one of the best in Philly. At least one thinks it IS the best burger in Philly. It's a unique blend of meats that's well-balanced in texture and taste. It's not greasy, but still melt-in your mouth. I ordered mine with cheddar instead of blue cheese, and none of the flavor was compromised. And all three of our burgers were cooked perfectly- medium rare. Also, good bun to burger ratio, something that is too often overlooked in the making of a delicious burger.
Bread Pudding: the waiter said that this was his favorite, so we went with it. One of the best bread puddings I've had- dense and moist but light at the same time.tl;dr - really cute vibe! Food is pretty good but prices are just a little high. Service was just normal. Cute place for a date and brunch!
I ordered the shrimp with grits. I really liked my entree, though it was quite rich. It was something I never had before and it was definitely very yummy. The fried pork in the grits was really good. It was pretty heavy for brunch, so watch out for that. 
My boyfriend got the famous burger. He gets burgers pretty often, but thought it was pretty average considering the price and the hype. Definitely a good burger, but slightly overseasoned. You could tell the ingredients were quality ingredients. 
Service was fast, but nothing stood out to me. Make reservations! It was crowded by the time we arrived. Would come again.I usually don't do Yelp reviews, so just by taking the time to do one here speaks for a lot!
The hurricane cocktail was amazing! I had the seasonal one (which was pineapple) and I like sweet drinks so it certainly didn't disappoint.
Between the two of us, my date and I ordered the shells and cheese, crawfish pot pie, and sweet potato fries and shared everything. It was all DELICIOUS. The sweet potato fries were probably the best I ever tried!
We ended with the dessert of milk and cookies which was fried dough with chocolate inside and a glass of rum chata to dip. The server said it was the best dessert in the world and he wasn't lying! I would go back just for that dessert!
The server (Brian) was great at what he does: very attentive, knowledgeable on the menu, and friendly. Certainly did his job by selling the items on the menu to us.
I would highly recommend this restaurant. We just happened to stumble upon it and walked in; certainly wasn't disappointed!A very underrated brunch place with a New Orleans style flair. Really good comfort food. I'll definitely be back.Really great.   Terrific service.   Great menu.   Good food.   Very reasonable.   Really enjoyed the whiskey choices.Sooooo good and fresh! I had the vegetarian gravy and biscuits with a side of grits along with a Deep South. Everything was phenomenal and perfectly seasoned. Kudos!Rex 1516 is an upscale version of southern down home cooking.  I've been here a couple of times: once for drinks, and once for brunch.  Both times here have been pleasant, with good service and decent food and drinks.  On my most recent trip back for brunch, the BF and I wanted to try something out of our usual brunch rotation.  We looked at the menu online and although it was limited, contained enough decently sounding brunch dishes that whet our appetites.
After we sat down, our waitress went through Rex's list of brunch cocktails so quickly I barely made out the words "mimosa" and "spicy", but I was still able to get my bloody mary no problem.  For brunch, I had the omelet with duck confit, sausage, taleggio, and sauteed spinach and onions.  The duck was cooked perfectly: juicy, moist, and filling.  The rest of the ingredients were also good except the sausage (I barely noticed it in the dish).  The omelet was also made way better with hot sauce (and they carry Crystal's! Yes!).  The BF's biscuits and gravy were sort of disappointing: two very doughy biscuits with a small helping of sausage gravy on top, with two sunny side up eggs.  One of the eggs even had small bits of eggshell in it.  Not cool.
I did find it amusing how our cocktail garnish was very...phallic (a piece of okra sandwiched between two green olives), and aside from one small service mixup (the food runner bringing us the wrong food on the first attempt), there were no real complaints.  Also, it wasn't particularly expensive, which is a plus.  Overall, this is a really nice spot with some creative cocktails.  I would probably brunch elsewhere next time, but definitely a nice place to go for a drink or catch up with friends when the weather is nice.I've eaten there once and the food was good (I forget the dishes now), but these guys have to (literally) clean up their act (as in sanitary): http://data.inquirer.com/inspections/restaurant/philadelphia/R5230706/. 
I am going to start calling out restaurants that do not care about keeping us safe. Kudos to the Inquirer for helping to make this information transparent and open for the public.My fiance's parents have been to Rex twice for dinner, and loved it, so when they wanted to have brunch with us I suggested we go there - especially since they take reservations and it's hard to get a seat for Sunday brunch last minute in Philly. 
We had the table right next to the window, which was really nice since the day was glorious outside, and were quickly given menus and soon had water and coffee/tea. After perusing the menu, we each ordered different plates: I ordered the roasted vegetable quiche with side salad, my fiance got their omelette filled with duck confit, chorizo, taleggio, sautéed spinach and onions, his dad got the cornmeal waffles with whipped mascarpone, and his mom opted for the shrimp and grits with a fried egg, roasted tomatoes, spicy cheddar sauce, and crispy pork belly.
My quiche was a big let down - I've never seen a quiche so tiny and thin! Not to mention I had one piece of roasted onion and that was it - no veggies whatsoever. I make waaaay better quiche that are at least two inches thick and more flavorful. The side salad was an afterthought on a plate. *sigh* More of an appetizer size than an entree. But everyone else loved their dishes. I couldn't try his mom's shrimp and grits (shrimp allergy, grr), but her first bite made her pause and moan in delight, and the others really enjoyed their tastes as well. His dad really liked the waffles (his eyes lit up when the waitress identified the white blob as mascarpone), but I have to say the best dish seemed to be my fiance's omelette. IT WAS HUGE. HE even said it was too big, and my boy can EAT. The omelette was cooked perfectly, the sausage and duck confit were meaty chunks of heaven, and with the taleggio, spinach, and onions the whole dish was just scrumptious. And it came with an unnecessary side salad! I'm so happy he gave me more than one bite (esp since I needed it after that sad excuse for a meal). My rating reflects those last three dishes - they need to improve that quiche DRASTICALLY. But otherwise a wonderful place for brunch, which South Street desperately needed!Ive been to Rex 1516 previously, for the Tuesday burger special, which is a GREAT deal! In my mind, they had become a 'burger joint''. After a long day of traveling, my wife & I were starving when we landed at the Philadelphia airport. After being seated, I became intrigued by some of the other menu options & decided to pass on the burger. We started with the wings w/ molasses chipotle...OMG! Next I ordered the steak & my wife had the catfish...both dishes were INSANELY good! We couldn't decide on dessert, so we ordered banana pudding, cookies & milk & a scoop of the buttermilk blueberry ice cream. I. CAN. NOT. BELIEVE. How delicious they ALL were!!!! I can't wait to go back!!! I'll continue to be a fan of their burger night, but they are so much more than a burger joint!! Awesome service, incredible food!The hostess was able to seat us at the bar without a reservation during brunch last Saturday, she was very friendly and the service was great as well. However, the food is what compelled me to write a review! They have a phenomenal gluten free menu and the burger I ate was delicious! Rex 1516 is my new brunch spot and I will definitely be back for dinner!This burger is one of the best burgers I've ever had. The pimento cheese spread has just enough heat to add something a bit special but not detract from the overall flavor. 
The Mac and cheese is delicious! The cocktails are inventive! 
The atmosphere and staff are delightful. I absolutely love this place and every time we come here for dinner it comes closer and closer to becoming my favorite place in the cityA spot to stop for a drink and a sandwich or salad. The braised short rib sandwich was excellent with a nice side salad. Lively spot but not noisily overwhelming.I heard about this restaurant from a friend who is also a known foodie, so I knew to trust his opinion and I am so glad that I did!
For starters, the restaurant is small, quaint, and quiet; a nice change. The decor is old world contemporary and very chic...just the cutest place.
We were waited on by Brian J. and wow, what impeccable service! He was very attentive to our needs and did not constantly bother us like some restaurants. Don't you hate when you go to a restaurant and within 5 minutes, they want to take your order? Then constantly try to take away dishes as you are consuming your meal? Not once did I feel as if we were rushed, as a matter of fact, I felt like I could chill and hang out for a couple of hours, which is exactly what we did.
I started out with a craft cocktail named Vasco Da Gama and wow...one of the best drinks I have ever tasted. In fact, I had two! That may not seem like a lot to you, but I rarely drink, so I was a tad tipsy. The drink was very smooth and the blend of pepper and strawberries was spot on.
Next, I ordered the cornbread with seasonal butter (garlic this time). The cornbread was delivered hot, in a mini cast iron skillet with a nice round chunk of butter melting on top.
I had to do a double take when I looked at the menu..CHICKEN SKINS! Seriously, who does that?! My favorite part of the chicken is the skin and the crispier, the better. The skins are served with a side of hot sauce and I was in heaven...or so I thought, until I ordered the crawfish pot pie for my main meal. Although it's listed under appetizers, trust me when I say that the portion was plenty! This was the best pot pie I have ever had and that's saying a lot because I seek out pot pies in the winter. 
I hated to pass on dessert, but that would have been a gluttonous mistake. They all looked amazing and when I go back, you had better believe that I have a date with the fried cookie dough truffles.Very good brunch...I had the chicken & waffles, definitely enjoyed. Fair prices, decent portions, very nice staff. Cozy atmosphere, will definitely return.love the space. it really does remind me of all the great restaurants at home (aka NOLA). however, the food just doesn't do it for me. the biggest travesty was the grits I had for brunch one morning. maybe it was a fluke, but those grits were NOT good (I have the authority to rate grits since I grew up on them.) the grits obviously contained cream and butter, which provide the fat that is absolutely critical to great grits, but the ratio of each was off because the grits ended up congealing into an almost solid mass that slid around the cup as one entity. DEFINITELY not appetizing and way too rich.
one saving grace is that they can accommodate gluten-free diets.Hands down!!! I love this place!! First dinner  and will surely come back!!! I love the Farmers Market cheese spread!!! I cannot recall when was the last time I had a super filling fantastic cheese plate. This one i very much enjoyed. The old bay biscuits are very hot, soft and moist. It pairs well with the somewhat spicy pimiento cheese and to cut the spice of it I added the apple butter for the perfect balance sweetness. I also enjoyed the goat cheese it is like butter to me. I love it!!! We actually asked if we can have more  bread as we devoured the biscuits already. I was getting impatient. When they brought the baguette I was very impress because they took their time to even grill the baguettes.. Love the attention to detail. 
My husband loved the burger. He said every bite he has pimiento cheese which is awesome. I loved my mac n cheese. Sooo chesesy and very creamy too!!!Don't know why Yelp says Rex is closed when it is open and typically busy.  Been here twice with excellent meals both times. 
For the first visit we needed to watch the clock so part of our party could catch a train. The staff was attentive and helped us squeeze dessert in. Everything tasted in both visits was delicious. The Mac and cheese appetizer is now a favorite. 
A little expensive, but I was happy with the price for the quality and staff. Very glad this little gem of a restaurant is in the neighborhood.Positive:  southern style food...Creekstone brisket with Texas bbq sauce is delicious, soft, and moist.  The desserts sound great and the Virgin milk and cookies melt are full of choclatey goodness!  The restaurant location is nice and the wait staff are excellent.
Negative: The cole slaw and baked beans that come with the brisket are average.  The Cesar salad is okay but the croutons are delicious!  Small restaurant and outdoor seating not optimal... It competes with sidewalk and dog walkers.
Revisit:  for desserts or brunch for huevos rancheros, brisket, and shrimp po boy.One of my favorite restaurant in town: gourmet southern food without being pretentious. I have been there countless times and I've never been disappointed: great food, cocktails and service. The Mc &Cheese is excellent.
The desserts also are delicious, try to save some room for one (it's hard).I went to Rex 1516 for the first time this past Sunday and can say the food and drinks were wonderful!  The place is small, yet larege enough that you aren't listening to everyone's conversation.  
We sat at the bar and the bartender was amazing; she definately takes making drinks as a creative process and it shows.  Delicious mint juleps!!
We enjoyed the shrimp and grits, biscuits and gravy and the goat cheese cheesecake.
The only compliant that I had was that my biscuits and gravy could of been a bit warmer when they arrived.
Great lil spot worth checking out.  I will be back to try out the dinner menu.The menu had great aspirations and the waiter was a good salesman but the food just did not deliver. While the meats themselves were well prepared, the sauces were not well made. The bbq sauce for the brisket was missing the sweetness and was all vinegar and mustard, the the glaze on the friend chicken just didn't pair well with the taste of friend chicken. The sides seem to be an afterthought as the beans in the baked beans were not cooked completely,  and the coleslaw and sourcream potato  salad were not well seasoned.We had a pleasant enough brunch experience at Rex 1516 on a hot morning. The food warrants 3.5 stars, but I dug the vibe which bumps it up to four. No wait for any sized party at 12:30, a big plus.
Rex's dark wood, metal accents, brick wall, and artistic light fixtures suggest a rustic but classy ambiance. The back bar looked elegant and interesting jazz played at the perfect volume. I wouldn't hesitate to bring a date here on atmosphere alone.
Service staff acted nicely enough, though our waiter fumbled a bit with an order screwup (which was remedied) and a slow pace. Coffees were kept full, food came out quickly. Worth noting is that the cocktail list here seems killer, I will definitely imbibe upon return.
A basic egg breakfast nailed it with lusciously textured scrambled eggs, delicious sweet potato hash, thick bacon, and fresh jam/toast. The eggs lacked a touch of salt, but I'm nitpicking. Sweet potato biscuits and chorizo gravy had palpable sweet potato and chorizo flavors, an interesting take on the brunch standard. Unfortunately, the biscuits were more leaden than fluffy or airy, and the eggs had too much salt. I should've gone with the delicious looking shrimp and grits my neighbors ordered.
The damage was $12 or under a plate, portions were adequate. Rex 1516 is thus a solid option for a brunch in a nice, casual atmosphere. The food isn't 100% there, but you'll enjoy the ambiance.(4) ~ very good overall food & service
DRINKS:
** Water(tap) = (4) very good, must be filtered;)
** Austrian Hefeweizen(bottle) = (4) very good
FOOD:
** Smoked Turkey Tails w. Alabama BBQ Sauce = (4.25) Very good & Unique. This is the tastier dark meat too;)
** Chocolate Peanut Butter King Cake = (4) very good
* St. Louis Ribs = (3.75) Good & Messy;)lolWhat a fantastic place! The staff was exceptionally courteous and made us feel right at home. The service was the best! Our food was prepared to delight which made our experience here so wonderful, and the atmosphere was very on point. I would recommend getting your reservation in early for a Saturday night as the room fills up quickly. Kudos, Rex 1516!Love the ambiance. One of the best burgers I've ever had. The homemade pimento cheese is fantastic. The crawfish pot pie is great. Love the menu. Great bartender (Sweet Lou I think) and really friendly service. Definitely a place to check out, especially if you like southern food.
Also, the chicken and waffles brunch was absolutely incredible.Good food, good cocktails, and takes brunch reservations. What more could you ask for? I tried the chicken and waffles benedict, which was a fun twist on two of my favorite brunch dishes. There is also an interesting selection of less traditional and quite refreshing brunch cocktails.Kind of weird . 
First off plan to take the subway and walk down or good luck trying to find street parking . There is a lot you can park at however be prepared to spend 15 - 20 dollars. When I first walked in I was greeted by a long cheetah style curtain followed by the hostess that comes out of no where , kind of weird . However, the environment is dark and the tables are so close together that it makes you feel so uncomfortable. Regardless the burger was  great as well as the service.Omg ! Came here for my brunch to celebrate my cousins 21st! I ordered the cheeseburger and it was amazing !!As the planner of the group, I found this restaurant and saved it as a possibility. We attempted to go elsewhere but the wait was too long and voilà, the chance to go to Rex1516. My friends and I are serious foodies, like serious! We got to Rex1516 and they'd run out of all their popular items but we still decided to stay. We asked the managers and waiter for their recommendation and all were spot on. Like really DELICIOUS! We end up thanking them for running out of their popular items because the "nonpopular" items were sooooo good. The drinks were delicious. It was very well priced. All in all, a great time.
Aside from the food, the service was great.  We were visiting for Made in America and my friend forgot her ticket in the hotel room. The manager printed the tickets out for us, after she went through multiple log ins and passwords because I couldn't remember them. She didn't have to do that but I feel like she would've done it for anyone, she was just that nice.
It was so good, we went back the day after and got the "popular" items.  Of course, it was great also!I came here with two friends on a Friday night for dinner and enjoyed my meal but was not blown away. I thought the restaurant was pretty average in terms of the food but would give it 3.5 stars if I could because of the atmosphere and friendly service. 
ATMOSPHERE: This place was pretty intimate and I could definitely see it being a good place to go with a date (it worked well for us, a group of 3 friends). 
FOOD:
Fried Green Tomato Appetizer: I used to live in New Orleans so I am always overly critical of Cajun style food that I get outside of the south. The fried green tomatoes were okay but lacked spice. They were pretty thick cuts which I also wasn't crazy about (but I could imagine someone preferring this over the thinner slices). We split this between the three of us. 
Corn Bread Appetizer: This was delicious. Very very moist and flavorful. It was the best thing that I had all night and I would definitely order it again. We split this also. 
Fried Chicken Main Course: The chicken was good. It was well seasoned and the portions were really generous. I had plenty of leftovers. But again, the dish was nothing special. 
SERVICE: Everyone that greeted us and waited on us was very very nice. They all try to have the New Orleans spirit and are energetic and helpful when taking your order.Where to start? Based on a suggestion from Karina at Tierra Mia Salon, I found myself stepping into Rex.  It's quaint (not in the bad way!) and I absolutely loved it from the moment I stepped inside. I asked for a table and was told it'd be about 10 minutes, which was fine considering it was Wednesday at 7pm...so I sat down at the bar and began conversing with Sweet Lou. Ultimately, he's what made me decide to stay seated at the bar as opposed to moving to a table (which was ready in like 2 minutes)...great conversationalist and I think he probably knows a little about everything and has lived in a myriad of places (KY, SC, NC,etc). Ordered  the cider on the menu, actually a really good hard cider--you run the gambit when cider drinking. Then, asked Lou what his preferred dishes were and when his suggestion was the 2 dishes I was torn between it made me happy. The pork loin vs. the chicken, the dilemna?! I went with the chicken and omg am I so glad I did!! Trust me, the only thing left in my huge bowl when I was done was some gravy--and if I didn't think it would have been poor manners I would have asked for some bread to wipe out the bowl and finish the rest of the gravy, I'm from the South and that's a sign of how good the food was when you refuse to let the gravy go to waste. Another thing, I am not a gravy eater...I usually ask for it to be held or on the side, and I am thankful I didn't think of it this time!  The chicken was absolutely perfect....it's an airline chicken breast which was a new thing for me but definitely going to look for more of those! Whatever spices are on the skin are absolutely amazing--I don't hang about trying to figure out the exact ingredients in my food!! The chicken gravy is wonderful, especially on top of the mashed taters and the little mish mash of root vegetables was really good too.  Of course, I had to have dessert!! Let me just say that if I lived round the corner, I'd have a standing order of Strawberry-Rhubarb pie nightly. It's a personal sized pie, not a slice of a bigger pie; I was in heaven!! I believe the topping is a marscapone ice cream type thing, whatever it was was fantabulous!!  
Don't worry, you'll see me hanging out at the Rex. Oh, and there was a Hitchcock movie playing on the video screen (muted), Rope is what I heard bantered about. Not a Hitchcock person so wasn't sure if there's a connection or not but was pretty cool.  And, based on Lou's suggestion, I'm going to return one Sunday for brunch to try the Monte Cristo--he said it's huge and amazing and I'm inclined to believe him.  Do yourself a favor, head on over and try whatever tickles your fancy.Pleasant staff, food portions were good also, seasonal hurricane cocktail a bit tart but the sazerac was on point. Will come back.Service was friendly, and the server had recommended the huevos rancheros for my friend which she seemed to enjoy.
I ordered the shrimp n grits with fried egg + pork belly. Deliciousness in my mouth! The grits were creamy, cheesy as they should be. The egg was cooked perfectly so all the gooey-ness dripped into my grits. The pork belly was nice and crispy and added an additional texture to the dish. YUMM-O. Would definitely return to try other items if I was in the neighborhood! :)Wow! What a fun place! The service was excellent  we went for the city wide burger special ( a shot, beer, and a burger for 15 bucks... what a great deal and it was delicious. We also added on fried green tomatoes  and mac and cheese which were equally amazing. To top things off we stayed for dessert .. ice box cake and it was dreamy. We will definitely be back.Amazing.
Great service, ambiance. We were seated within seconds of entering. 
We had a waitress named Ari, she was very nice and enthusiastic. 
I got the mac and cheese, without a doubt the best I ever had. It had a spicy kick to it, a nice sharp gruyere cheese. For the entree I got a caesar salad with shrimp and cornbread croutons. My friend got the meatloaf and loved it. 
Good Prices, atmosphere, food.Looking for a brunch place that we wouldn't have to wait long for 8 people.  Came across this place.  They had a large table and happily gave it to us.  The menu was very interesting with southern flare.  Not your typical brunch but food was very good. Staff very nice and accommodating.  Highly recommend.Good Lord do I love Southern cooking. Even if Rex 1516 served mediocre Southern cuisine, I'd consider it a welcome addition to the Philadelphia dining scene. To their credit, they go far beyond that - they serve great drinks and great food in a super-cute little spot, with incredibly reasonable prices to boot. 
It was a warm evening so my dining companion and I both went with seasonal cocktails - I had a Southside, and in honor of the Kentucky Derby my friend ordered a mint julep. Both were excellent and the bartender seems to really know his stuff - I was impressed with the drinks list. Also in honor of the Kentucky Derby, the restaurant was offering a special on the mint julep - it came with an appetizer portion of fried okra with some kind of jalapeno dip. As my dining companion was recovering from a long-standing hangover, he was quite happy to begin the meal with some delicious fried snacks!
Neither of us could decide among the many delicious entrees, so we decided to order two and share them. It was a brilliant idea, and I'd recommend either of our picks! The first was the 12 oz rib-eye steak served with caramelized onions and a demi-glace. It is normally served with creamed spinach, but they were able to substitute grits that were on offer as a side with one of the evening's specials - soooo good. In fact, I'd recommend asking them for grits with anything you are ordering. The other was a roasted pork loin stuffed with cornbread and served with collards. I initially found the collard greens a bit too sour (I have never been a fan of them) but by the end of dinner had cleaned my plate - consider me a convert!
The dessert menu looked incredible, but alas we were too full to attempt a final course. I'm planning to return to check it out, hopefully next time I will manage to save a little room!"Deep South" is one amazing concoction-- I highly recommend this cocktail, although it's a bit summery.  A drink is only as good as its bartender, and this guy surely has it together.  The staff is wonderful.  It seems like a great place to work.  The bar area is beautiful and intimate, as is the entire establishment.  Everyone in the restaurant seemed very happy with their meals.  
I started with the Caesar salad, which was pretty standard (but the breadcrumbs were particularly awesome).  I had the burger w/fried egg and subbed cheddar cheese.  
I couldn't finish my gigantic burger (I think that was a first).  The sweet potato fries that came with my burger ruled.
I felt a little silly for ordering a burger at a such a cute, romantic place with an extensive menu.  But sometimes I just need a burger.  It hit the spot.  Can't wait to try that fried chicken with collards...  Next time;)
 I love everything about Rex 1516. Each visit has been consistently awesome.I took my parents here before we were going to see a play. I walk by this place frequently and always heard good things so figured we would give it a try. I think my parents were a little scared by how fancy the place looks when you walk in. I loved the decor and the old movies playing over the bar were a nice touch. 
On to the food... we shared the cornbread to start. This night it had a garlic butter on top. I liked the blend of the sweet cornbread and the savory butter. I could see some people not liking the combo though. 
For dinner my mom and I went halves on both the fried chicken and the mushroom bucatini. The fried chicken was good, the meat was moist and the breading was very crispy. My piece was great but my mom's was a little raw inside. The fried chicken came with collard greens and a mashed red potato patty. I loved the collard greens, a little tangy but not too salty, while the potato was a little bland to me. My mom was the opposite though and liked the potato and wasn't as thrilled with the collard greens. The star of the dinner was the mushroom bucatini. It had different types of mushrooms in a mushroom cream sauce all over noodles. I actually wish i had ordered this myself so I could have eaten more of it. 
For dessert we had the apple crumble with the brown butter ice cream. I had a few bites and it was very tasty. The crumble on top was very hard though so watch your teeth. We were joking about how much noise we were making while eating it. 
All in all it was a great dinner and I would come back again just for the mushroom bucatini.I'm here at least twice a month. Go on a Wednesday and get the burger special, a great deal for a perfect dinner.I've been here three time and three times it was for the same thing - the burger. Make sure you have no plans afterwards because you'll be so full and satisfied you'll want to go home and nap on your couch afterwards. It's one of my favourite places in the city to take friends visiting Philly for the first time!Food was delicious - ordered chicken & waffles, shrimp and grits and Banana Bread French toast. All three were GREAT! The portion size is just right so you won't leave feeling like a blimp. Nice ambience as well. There is also a decent bar in the back. Wish the outside seating was a little more spacious but I guess it's jus right for the food portion sizes.We never had a service issue here.  The food was good tasting but a bit awkwardly served.  My dinner was in a deep dish but should have been in a plate.I absolutely love coming here for happy hour. The bartender who is usually there is very friendly and makes great cocktails. The food is consistently good and the atmosphere is relaxing. The brunch is great, too. I usually get the crawfish huevos rancheros and it never disappoints.Rex is truly a gem!  It is beautifully decorated and the staff is so warm and friendly.  
I had birthday drinks here last night (Saturday).  The bartender was one of the sweetest people I have ever known.  We went ahead and ordered dinner at the bar since it was so cozy.  The food was delicious and the bartender even made us special drinks in honor of my birthday.  
Their cuisine is high on the soul food end - everything was delicious - the wings, fries, cornbread, salad...just absolute perfection. 
I will definitely be returning.Academy Of Music & Fine Dining  (April 1, 2018)
We took in a matinee show of "School Of Rock" at the Academy of Music and made reservations for dinner at Rex 1516 after the show. Our options were somewhat limited as this was on Easter Sunday. We read a couple nice reviews of "Rex", it was within walking distance of the Academy, so we gave it a try.
 We were there right at 5, but they were open and ready for business. We were greeted at the door and got a table for 2 by the front window, overlooking South Street. We struck up a friendly conversation with our server, Ashley. We ordered the cheese platter as a starter, along with the smoked turkey tails. The cheese platter came with some interesting mustard green biscuits & a clementine, cinnamon chutney. The sweet, juicy chutney blended perfectly with the earthy biscuits. It was unusual, interesting, and surprisingly delicious.
 There were 4 cheese flavors; a spicy "Buffalo" creamy cheese with pimento, a firm parmesan, a nice creamy brie, and a great one called "Nutcracker which was sublime & funky goodness. I LOVE my pungent cheeses!  The smoked turkey tails were fatty, salty & Quite Yummy. I will definitely try them again some time.
 I ordered a tried & true all American comfort food as my main entrée. It was the Buttermilk Breaded pork tenderloin, presented on a bed of mashed potatoes and fried cauliflower. The meat gravy was the perfect topping. The fried cauliflower was really good; first time I had tried that.
This dish was so plain & simple, but SO Incredibly Delicious.
 Diane had the Green Goddess Grouper. It came with large smoked oyster mushrooms, and wheat berries in a creamy dill sauce. Diane rates the fish & dill sauce as an "A". Everything was served in a timely manner, cooked perfectly, and well worth the trip.
 For dessert we had the King's Gateau; an ode to Elvis. It was chocolate cake, with banana shavings & peanut butter ice cream. Amazing sugary sweetness overload. Everything was very, very good.Ohmygosh --- soooooo good. Can't wait to go back!!!  We started with the corn bread which was amazing.  We also had the fried chicken skins, which was decadent, but quite good.  For entrees, we had a burger, crawfish boil, and caesar salads. Everyone was very happy!  Can't wait to go back to Philly so we can go back.  The waiter was fantastic.Of the four dishes we got, only one was good. The red snapper is tasty but has too many bones, and its served over a curry that ahould be its own dish its that good. Problem is that the red snapper is a special. Everything else was served cold and and tasted either bland, undercooked, or downright awful. The servers were either nice or rude. I'll give the place 2 stars because the decor is nice and I really enjoyed that curry snapper.Okay where do I begin. After meandering around south street one Friday night ( I don't recommend this ti anyone by the way, unless you want to be harrassed by a bunch of 15-25 year old single guys while you're with your bf, but I digress) we decided to stop into Rex 1516, and boy was I glad that we did. Despite them almost being at closing time they gladly accepted to cook us a quick bite to eat. The server was so incredibly nice and funny! Food came within minutes and my god was it delicious! I got the crawfish pot pie and my boyfriend the burger. Both were absolutely amazing. I would say best food in the city BY FAR.  I will be coming back soon!After nearly a year of longingly gazing through the window of the bustling kitchen and at beautifully plated food being served on the patio, I've finally put my money where my eye balls are, and I am so glad I did.
My date and I were seated at one of the little table against the wall.  The inside had a cozy, modern feeling to it, and while our server seemed a bit tense (maybe a new hire?) he was knowledgeable about the food and wine, and service was prompt and friendly.
To start, we had the farmer's platter (fantastic) and fried green tomatoes, which came with a sauce that was delicious but overpowered the flavor of the tomatoes.  Everything on the farmer's platter was delicious and complimented each other in interesting ways, but I think what stood out to me the most was the house-made orange marmalade, which actually tasted like fresh oranges!  I've never been a fan of marmalade before, but I could have licked the dish clean of this stuff.
For mains, my date had the burger special (which that night included a piece of chicken-fried steak) with sweet potato fries.  There was a moment half-way through when he doubted he could finish the beast (I never had any doubts) and had to text all his buddies about this amazing deal.  If they had veggie or even salmon burgers I would have indulged, but alas.  I had the caesar salad, which was creamily, smokily delicious, with cornbread croutons and grilled shrimp.  I also had an Alsatian riesling that could have been colder, IMO, but had a nice balance of fruit and mineral flavors.
Stuffed but not yet defeated, we ordered the coconut ice cream to share.  I have mixed feelings about this one.  The ice cream itself was frozen solid and hard to eat with a spoon, and the chocolate speculoos was too sugary and clashed with the other flavors, but the toasted coconut flakes and hot-off-the-stove caramel sauce were fantastic.  All in all, it was a wonderful experience and I can't wait to go back for more!Came here on a whim-glad we did! The place its self is small, dim, very cozy, well decorated, & simple yet elegant. I loved the leather covered tables. Great spot for a date night or groups. On the back wall a black  & white classic movie was playing. The staff is friendly & attentive. We had the special baked potato soup w/ bacon-so good & filling. We also tried the Mac n cheese & corn bread apps-a must! Their corn bread is warm toasted with a hint of sweetness- beyond delicious! Main course the burger very good, couldn't finish it as we were full from the relish apps:).  Hubby had 3 Mud Puuppy beers-really enjoyed them. No room for dessert: (. We plan on coming back to this gem on South street. Prices are also very reasonable.Shrimp & Grits was truly awesome. Also chicken waffles were pretty good as well. The place has a very unique atmosphere, I love all the antique collections inside. But the dessert was not that attractive tho.Rex is a fantastic little spot in Philly.  All of the dishes were well composed and felt like they were WAY more expensive than the $16 per entree that they were (I guess I have gotten so used to DC's inflated prices.... blehhh!).  Its very hard to find a place that BOTH of my parents like, and Rex hit that spot exactly right!  I went against one of my ultimate pet peeves, and got the chicken. You should do the same, and thank me later.I really like Rex, whether for a quick drink or for a burger and mussels.  Nice, friendly feel, good staff, good service, good food.  A charming little spot that feels like a neighborhood joint should feel--warm and welcoming.  They do sort of cater to the "southern thing," but that's not why I go there.   Rex is simply an enjoyable experience!We went here for brunch, and it was exceptional. Although it wasn't on the brunch menu, we asked if the chef could make the southern Caesar salad because we had seen it on the menu when we were here the other night and it sounded intriguing. The chef kindly obliged, and we were so happy he did. The dressing was flavorful, the greens were nicely dressed, and the sweet cornbread croutons made it special. It wasn't the greatest Caesar we've had (the dressing could've been a tad punchier), but we'd definitely order it again.
I got the Monte Cristo for my main, and it was a spectacle to behold when it came to the table. It was a glorified ham and cheese that smelled like a funnel cake and tasted oh-so-good. It was deep fried, sprinkled lightly with powdered sugar, and stuffed with ham to give it saltiness, pepper jack to give a little kick, and fig jam to give it a little sweetness. Aaand yes, all served on brioche. Despite all of those ingredients, it was deceptively light and I polished it off. 
Thinking I could still fit more food in my stomach, we ordered the chocolate, beer, and pretzel tart for dessert. It totally satisfied my chocolate craving and my boyfriend's salty caramel craving, but it put us over the edge. It took all of our self-control not to crawl back into bed and nurse the food coma when we got home.
The only odd thing about our visit was that my Monte Cristo came out with the Cesaer, and then we waited another 20 minutes before my boyfriend's burger came out with no check-in from the waiter in between. It may have been our mistake to not clarify that we were splitting the Caesar to start, and we probably could've waved another server down if we were really bothered, but we weren't in any huge rush.I definitely want to come back here sometime when I can enjoy the full experience.  I came here for a Sunday Funday HH with some friends, but I was on a detox so I couldn't drink!!!!  I know, it was awful....seltzer with a lime....the things you do for your friends :)  Still, the drinks THEY had looked yummy, and the bar menu had some tasty looking dishes as well.
Love the decor!  Silent black and white film playing on a huge flat screen at the back of the restaurant, cute mirrors and pictures on the walls, very warm and inviting and fancy at the same time.
Great happy hour specials, $5 featured wine, and featured cocktails...not bad!Took a friend here for a birthday brunch this past weekend.  We got there right at 11AM (had the first reservation) which is key for brunch.  The staff was friendly and attentive.  I had a bloody mary and was somewhat disappointed.  It wasn't as good a bloody mary as I have come to expect from some of Philly's other brunch spots.  I ended up asking for a side of Worcestershire sauce to put in the drink.  My friend and I both had the chicken and waffles Benedict with the side of sweet potatoes and we both finished the entire meal.  It was amazing and I was left wishing I had another bite!  Will definitely come back for brunch as well as other meals.It's the best southern food in the city that I have tried to far. We had shrimp and grits and that was really good. The deserts are amazing too.
We're going back again to try more.Overall, I had a good experience here. Being from New Orleans, I know my southern food well and have a harsh eye for any restaurant in the NE that claims southern heritage. 
I had the jambalaya as a starter. The rice was undercooked, the texture a bit too wet, but it was well seasoned. The cheese sticks were an extreme disappointment though. They were cold pastry bread sticks for $7, not worth it at all.
However, the osso buco did make the experience much better. It was fall apart tender, well braised, and paired well with the sides. 
The fish and chips were the special that "day" I went. And turns out a few days later, it was still the special of the day. It was good though: tender fish, and well breaded. However, portions were entirely too small. Rex, this is supposed to be a southern meal, not a plate from Le Bec Fin.
Additionally the desert options were also varied and hardy. Definitely southern styled deserts but with a new American twist.You have to check this place out. We arrived for late lunch- which I love. It's served till 3:30. I'm a Caesar crazy guy & they do it with buttermilk & cornbread croutons. It's fantasic Eddy! I also love a great burger prepared perfectly - and it was. The onion marmalade & bacon were an awesome compliment with fries- again fantastic Eddy! Blackened fish tacos - superb!  The sticky toffe breadpudding says it all! I can't wait to try crawfish pot pie! Why aren't you there?! There was a 60's Saul Bass style film playing over the bar all thru my meal- who designed this place? I love you! Thanks for a great experience.We really enjoyed our trip to Rex 1516. The ambiance was terrific and the service was impeccable, from the hostess to the server to the busboys. Everyone was friendly and our server, Travis, was so knowledgeable about every item we asked out. We shared the fig bruschetta, which was delicious. I appreciated that our server asked if we wanted to add a fourth piece on because the dish came with three pieces to share between two people. For my entree I got the crawfish pot pie and the bf got the burger. The burger was cooked PERFECTLY. I wasn't a fan of the crawfish pot pie and really regretted ordering it. I found it to be undersalted and way too much crust compared to filling. But from other reviews, it appears I am in the minority. I saw someone else eating the mac n cheese and will DEFINITELY order that next time. The bread pudding left something to be desired...served cold and no texture whatsoever. But the berry compote and mascarpone were tasty. My Harvest drink was fantastic with very complex flavors. Overall, I would definitely go back (but I'd pass on the pot pie and bread pudding)I first became a fan of Rex after Philly Mag's Battle of the Burger and it has been on my to-eat list ever since that glorious September evening. We came here for brunch Sunday when they opened at 11. The restaurant's atmosphere was polished and sophisticated and I felt a bit out of place in with my hangover, sweatshirt, and jeans.  Dining Partner and I both ordered the chicken and waffles benedict. The chicken was crispy, maple-ly, and delicious. The waffles were light and fluffy and the egg was cooked to runny-yolk perfection. I had a side of salad and dining partner had the homefries. We saw at least 6 other chicken and waffle dishes come out to other tables, it's really a hit! We both cleaned our plates. I also ordered an iced tea which I didn't think was too troublesome. Our waiter said the first one he made was a bit weak, so he was brewing a second. It tasted fine, but probably could have used one more teabag. When he asked and I told him this he ended up taking it off the check, and explained they brew each iced tea by hand individually. It wasn't necessary for him to take it off the check since I drank the whole glass, but I appreciated the gesture. I will be back for the burger and fried chicken!The $15 Burger special with BBQ pork on top was awesome. And the sweet potato fries were so good that we ordered a second helping.
Overall they did southern fusion pretty well.  And the menu was perfect for a date: an indulgent option for the BF and a healthy vegetable risotto option for me.
This welcoming, airy and romantically lit restaurant is right in my neighborhood and I'm sure to frequent it on weeknights.We've been coming here regularly since they opened. We love the ambiance with the beautiful bar, mystery mansion effect, old movie playing on the back wall. The food is consistently good. We like the mac-n-cheese and the chicken the best and they update the menu every few months. Lou, the bartender, is very knowledgeable and can make anything. Heather, the general manager, is wonderful and will help you with anything. 
Their wine list is pretty limited and obscure but we were recently told that Rex is also a BYO, which thrilled us but they do charge a $35 per bottle corkage fee. Nice to have great management, consistent quality fare, and amazingly creative cocktails. So glad they are in our neighborhood!
We love sitting at the bar, watching the old movies play on the tv (no sound, which is perfect), catch up with the staff, and try Lou's new concoctions. Would like to see a couple of lower calorie options (grilled chicken, beef filet, steamed vegetables) but everything they serve is very tasty.On a gloomy Wednesday, I stopped by for a happy hour drink and while I didn't have a chance to eat anything off their menu, I did have a good time eating up all of Lou's knowledge about cocktails, beer, and wine.  Without giving up any secrets, he talked up some house-made liqueurs that will make me run back there right now.  Right now!  
Seriously, this tiny bar is one of the best I have come across in this town and Lou is the mayor of cocktail mastery.I'm at Rex pretty much once a week (at least) and its my favorite neighborhood place. Its atmosphere manages to be both laid-back, stylish and unpretentious and even though the place is not large it is incredibly versatile (for happy hour, large groups, dates, brunch). Have come here both for romantic dates with my partner, furtive 'kitchen-table talk' with friends or for birthdays and large celebrations and it has always been excellent. The food is all exceptional: love the Fried Chicken, chicken wings, brisket, and the legendary hamburger as well as the milk and cookies for dessert. 
The staff are also all incredibly attentive and friendly. They are always super accommodating and have gone out of their way for us on several occasions (much appreciated). Sweet Lou also makes the best cocktails in Philadelphia and is always up for experimenting. Very lucky to live just around the corner.We were looking for a place close to the theater for a dinner before a show and luckily selected Rex. Being fans of southern/New Orleans style cuisine we were excited to give it a try. Sampled the Bucatini, mushroom pasta, which was very rich but really tasty. My son had the fried chicken which was possibly the best I have had in years. The barbecue pit plate was excellent if you are really hungry and the special pit sandwich was a nice sized meal for my younger daughter. Great place for a southern style meal. Thumbs up."The burger that caught the attention of everybody passing by."  And yes, it was that good.  
I can't say anything about the interior since we sat outside, and we went on a quiet Monday so our servers were attentive to our needs.  What I can talk about is the food.  My roommate and I started out with a bowl of sweet potato fries to share.  The fries were very salty (which is how I like them) and she seemed to like the aioli that came with them.  Next came out her cheese plate and my burger with a side of their southern caesar salad.  The salad was really good, I would order that on it's own as my meal next time. The slightly sweet cornbread croutons were a nice change from the typical garlic croutons and the dressing was perfectly creamy.  
Then there was my burger.  The sweetness of the onion marmalade, the smokiness of the bacon, the softness of the fresh roll, it was amazing.  It looked so good that several people walking by eyed it up and one guy actually shouted "that's a good looking burger" as he passed by.  I ended up only eating half of it and taking the other half home and it heated up pretty well two days later. I took off a star because my burger was overcooked.  It might not be a huge deal to some people, but I ask for my burger medium because I like it medium.  When I cut my burger open, it was well done, which made it VERY well done when reheated.  
All in all, it was a great meal for a decent price and I'll be going back.We had a chance to stop by for dinner, and the food is just as good. The food is def not for the faint of heart - our scotch eggs were ginormous, the mac was rich and the crawfish pot pie was to die for. The pork chop was also amazing. Huge portions, very rich flavors - don't plan on going out after dinner!Rex1516 is one of the most underrated dinner spots in Philadelphia. I have been here on several occasions and everything I have tried has been great. The atmosphere is nice, it isn't super noisy and it is easy to carry a conversation. They also play silent movies towards the back of the place, which are always fun to watch when you are sitting at the bar.I feel like based on the other reviews, I might just not be cool enough to see the allure of this place. 
The good: Cocktails were spectacular. Mac and cheese is delicious (and has breadcrumbs, which for me is a requirement).
The bad: The service was glacially slow, and it wasn't an extra busy night. The menu was also a bit prohibitive to people who don't eat anything under the sun.
I'd probably rather go to Supper if I was in the mood for similar cuisine, but I didn't hate my meal by any means.Best breakfast around. Chicken and waffles are on another level. Highly recommend it.I cannot recommend this restaurant enough.  We went for brunch this past Sunday and it was definitely a memorable experience. We were seated right away and started off with coffee and flavored sodas, all of which were unique and delicious (strawberry soda and cucumber mint). We ordered the cornbread with their special honey butter as an appetizer: one for the table (four people).  It was incredibly rich and flavorful and the perfect way to start our southern style brunch.  Next, we each ordered an entree: biscuits and gravy, cheeseburger, huevos rancheros, and the chicken and waffles benedict (with a side of grits).  Our waitress, Brandi, was extremely friendly and helpful when deciding what to order, and her suggestions were absolutely spot on. Every single dish was cooked to perfection, full of flavor, and was brought out in a very timely manner. We also ordered a banana's foster french toast for the table to share. This was the absolute highlight of the meal. It was rich and decadent, but not too heavy. Suffice it to say, we were one happy table. Thank you for the wonderful food and impeccable service, Rex 1516!Don't order the Nashville hot wings.. or the crawfish pot pie... and if ordering the cornbread make sure to ask for regular butter.. apparently their butter changes every few days and they gave us butter with pepper (ew) instead of the vanilla butter I was expecting. The Caesar salad and molasses wings are a safe choice.The service and appetizers were good however my entree was not. 
The server was attentive and helpful with suggestions. 
We ordered several apps including the crawfish pot pie, Caesar salad, shells and cheese, and cornbread. All were good and I would definitely eat those again. For my entree I had the BBQ platter which included, sausage, turkey, and brisket. The sausage was the only decent part of the dish. The brisket had absolutely no taste which was very disappointing as that was what I was most looking forward to. Also, both the turkey and brisket were dry.I was very pleasantly surprised by Rex! My boyfriend and I came here and were seated by the window. I had heard through the grapevine that they had a great burger, and I was not disappointed! In my opinion, it's one of the top 3 I've ever had. I crave it on a regular basis. We shared the craw fish pot pie to start, which I highly recommend. Not something I would usually try, but I'm very glad we did. Great food and a relaxed but intimate atmosphere, I'll certainly be back!Had a fabulous brunch there today. We got huevos rancheros and biscuits and gravy and they were both fantastic! We have gone to dinner there once as well and enjoyed the food and experience.Quaint, local bar that you'd probably walk past if someone local didn't insist on meeting you there.  Quiet and cozy inside, it's a great place for a date where you want to be able to talk over dinner, or if you're by yourself, a very comfortable place to just sit down and eat (at a table or the bar).
Friendly bar service, never crowded.  The menu had a few interesting options, but the dish I kept hearing about was the crawfish pot-pie.
Heavy on the meat and seasoning, if you like creole food, you'll love this dish.
The burger was good, just not "great", your next time back you'll probably order something else as the other menu options look much more interesting.Great find.  I was referred here by two different people - I had walked by it a thousand times but never thought twice about going in.  I am glad I did.  Once I stepped in I forgot I was even in Philly for a second (really). The drinks were great and the food was even better. Definitely going to recommend this place to everyone - as a matter of fact I already have been :)I am extremely happy I was able to find this place on Yelp. I had one of the best restaurants experiences here. The food was banging (that means really good).  It was so good I actually ate twice. I ended up having shrimp and grits ,plus the signature burger (hands down best burger in Philly). When I come back I'm for sure stopping in.I came here for brunch, and left full and satisfied. Stellar service and delicious food make this restaurant deserving of 5 stars. 
I ordered chicken and waffles Benedict with a side of sweet potato home fries. The fried chicken was crispy on the outside, moist on the inside, and perfectly seasoned. The waffles were lightly browned and fluffy. The eggs were poached perfectly. The home fries were flavorful. The only thing I did not like was that syrup was poured beneath the waffles. I would have much preferred the syrup to come separately on the side. My date ordered huevos rancheros, and I couldn't help stealing a few bites of his dish. It tasted so good. 
The hardest part was deciding which dish to try because everything on the menu sounds so good. I will definitely return.food was very tasty and had a nice spin.  would definitely recommend for brunch. cool decor.  good serviceAfter living in the neighborhood for 2 years, I finally made it to Rex. I was really blown away at the decor, service and food. I went for their burger special (burger by guest chef in the city or in house, fries or salad, beer and shot of buffalo trace) for $15!!!! This deal is insane. I thought that perhaps the burger would be small or the beer would be tiny since it was so cheap - instead, you get a huge meal. It's amazing. Burger was outstanding. Fries were perfect. I also shared a mussel like dish that was outstanding. Service was also spot - on. Our waiter was funny, clever, and very knowledgeable on the food being served. I will definitely be coming back! I recently went on a trip to New Orleans and Rex seemed right out of the French Quarter. They should try to line up some live jazz and the place would really be a hit!From the drinks to the food, everything was exactly what we needed to deal with the cold winter's night. 
A mini-Yelp get together, we started at the bar while our table was getting set.  I began the night with the Harvest, which had an amazingly smooth apple flavor.  VP had the Sazerac neat.  It was good enough to be our clear recommendation for CP, always late,when he finally arrived.  We went off menu for round two, and the bartender Sweet Lou (I'm not kidding, that's what's printed on the receipt) mixed up excellent.
Once seated, we started with a selection of apps: Fried Oysters, Mac & Cheese, and Nashville Wings (a special for the evening).  The menu listed 3 Oysters, however, the dish only came with 2, making it a bit difficult to split amongst the three of us.  No worries, the grits stole the show and there were plenty of them to go around. The Mac & Cheese was solid, I've had better but was far from disappointed.  Finally, the Nashville Dill Wings were amazing.  Spicy, but not as hot as I imagined, the flavors danced in my mouth.  VP and I decided on the Pork Hash, while CP hit up the Fish & Chips.  With enough food in front of me, I didn't end up trying the Fish & Chips, but I could see the portions were very generous.  As for the pork hash, not what I picture, but in a good way.  The fingerlings offered balance to the pork and roasted cippolinis. The only downside was there wasn't quite enough pork in my mind.  Presentation and service was great, ensuring I'll probably be back in the future for another meal, probably brunch as that menu looks awesome!Incredible burger, big spicy and juicy. Definitely among the top burgers in Philly.   Solid drink menu but could be better.This place is small but gets big love so make reservations for weekend dinner dates. We didn't.  They offered us seating in the "back lounge" like it was not preferable. It's a couch and coffee table past the bar by the kitchen. I was into it! It was like sitting in VIP. It was comfy and cozy. I had the seafood pan roast and a hurricane. Beautifully delicious dish and a balanced, refreshing Nawlins classic. Sitting in my VIP seating I could check out the bartender. The man has skills. Chef Swain is really putting some love in the menu offerings because everything that came out the kitchen looked and smelled like the butters.Enjoyed a lovely Sunday brunch here with girlfriends. Everything I tasted including the huevos rancheros, French toast and cornbread was so so delicious. The coffee was fantastic and the service was above and beyond. I would definitely eat here again.We came in for brunch on a Sunday around 2.  It wasn't overly packed, so it worked to our advantage.  The restaurant is small, but comfortable.  It was a little on the cold side by the door, but the staff did their best to minimize the amount of cold entering the restaurant.  The waitress was efficient and attentive, and the staff were all friendly enough.  
But the food, ohhhhhh the food.  I ordered the Shrimp and Grits, and it rivaled similar dishes that I've had in the Deep South.  The dish was a fabulous blend of flavors, and I would recommend it if you like things of that texture.  Not everyone likes grits, but these really were fabulous.  My mom ordered the Huevos Rancheros, and they were even better than the grits!  I've never had Rancheros with crawfish etoufee, but the mixture of flavors and textures was superb.  My hubby had the Pulled Pork Sandwich, and it was also good, although not my first choice.  The portion sizes were sufficient for a hearty meal, but don't expect to have leftovers.  We had just enough room afterwards for one dessert between the 3 of us.  The Chocolate Bread Pudding was an interesting mix of flavors, very rich and delicious.  It's not at all like traditional bread pudding, closer to a brownie, but very tasty.
A note for families with kids: I ordered a side of fruit for my toddler, and it came all cut up, perfect for little fingers and teeth.  I don't know if that's how it comes most of the time, but it was nice not having to worry about cutting her fruit :).  They didn't have a kids menu, but they had some crayons and paper for her.  They only had one set, so she had to wait for the other child there to finish, but it was nice that they even had it.  I usually bring her sippy cup, but I had a mom-fail today, and they accommodated her by giving her a makeshift, kid-safe cup for her to drink from.
TLDR: It was delicious! I would definitely come back another time and try some of the their other dishes!  Great choice for a date, a meal with friends, or a place to take your anyone who likes Southern style food.Let me just say that I loved the look of the restaurant & the food - 5 stars. But our server was less than desirable. My friend and I ordered the cheese plate to start off (the actual name of it is escaping me) & it was taking wayyy too long to arrive at our table, at least a half hour. What was our server doing, hand crafting the items herself? So of course right after we asked how much longer it would be, she said we were waiting on the biscuits - nice excuse for the fact that you forgot to put in our appetizer. Then, we were asking about one of the dishes and if she could describe it, all she could say was that it was their only vegetarian option...really? That's all you can say? I was less than impressed with her, she was 'fake nice' and the service sucked. She never once asked us how our food or drinks were, literally not even once. So if I do ever return to Rex 1516, I hope the service is better, to say the least.My husband and I recently ate here on a Tuesday night, and the food and drinks were delicious!  I had the roasted root vegetable entree and a couple of hurricanes (the $6 Tuesday special).  Everything, including the service, was wonderful.  I would definitely go back.I came here a year ago for that infamous burger and it really was one of the best burger's I've ever eaten. I definitely recommend that. I love New Orleans and this place definitely captures that NOLA flavor with it's drinks and food options. Really cute decor and great ambience (quite dark, just a heads up!)
I came back again just a couple of weeks ago for their happy hour. As a grad student, I absolutely love spots that offer good food specials during happy hour and Rex definitely delivers on this! I ordered the happy hour special mint julep and my friend ordered a light beer on draft. I wish they offered a few more cocktail options on their HH menu (only one per day.) We then split a pulled pork sandwich and a shrimp po'boy ($5 each) The pulled pork sandwich was out of the world! The po'boy was also delicious and had a great sauce but we were a little disappointed to find only three shrimp in a gigantic sandwich. 
I want to come back to try some more of the really cool looking cocktails, brunch and more dinner items! great date spot and place that will make you feel like you're right back in NOLA!I've been to this restaurant three times now and they never cease to amaze me at REX 1516. The first two times were for the Tuesday night burger special. I do have to admit that the first burger we had was better than the second (so depending on your preference, you might have to catch it at a specific week - and luckily they never fail to post it on Instagram). Needless to say, the second burger did hit the spot, as well. But anyway, who can go wrong with $15 for a burger with a side (potato fries, sweet potato fries, or a salad), a pint of beer, and a shot of whiskey.
The third time we went was on a whim last night because of the frigid cold weather, proximity to our apartment, and hankering for a cocktail. What we didn't completely expect was to also get a fully satisfying dinner (and dessert!). They are a small place and they sure tend to fill to capacity as we got one of the few remaining tables {granted it was a Friday night}.
We started with the a cocktail each (I got the Hurricane and my boyfriend ordered the Prescription Julep). Each one was exactly what we were looking to have for our tastes.
We started with an appetizer special of pork tacos with Russian dressing, sauerkraut, and crispy onions and boy was it good! I got an item off the special menu - bucatini with pecorino cheese, sage oil, lemon zest, an egg yolk, and guanciale. It was very good, but I was definitely expecting more of a lemony flavor, because if I weren't for the guanciale to add a little flavor to each bite, it may have been a little bland. Maybe I'm being a little hard on the dish because I guess that was the point of the meat being part of the recipe in the first place. I guess all in all, what I'm trying to say is that it wasn't the best pasta dish I've ever had, but it wasn't the worst by a long shot. I must say though, that the pasta itself was great and cooked exactly how it should be, al-dente {I also think they made it in-house}. But on to the burger...my boyfriend got the regular-menu burger, ordered medium rare and cooked to perfection! Just the right amount of crunch, spice, and juiciness. We ended up splitting our entrees half-and-half and it was perfect. The dessert we ordered, Cookies and Milk, was also so good. Definitely not your average cookies and milk as they were deep-fried truffles with nuts paired with a rum milkshake. It definitely was a shared endeavor though; I don't know how one person can eat all of that deep-fried chocolatey dough (as good as it was). And definitely a shared-couple kind of dessert because of the milkshake.
REX has proven itself and is now on our list of regular spots, whether we just want a drink at the bar or a full-on dinner!It hurts me to give such a low review to a place with such huge potential and mostly 5 stars all around. The decor, the service, the bar were so outstanding  but the food did lack consistency throughout their dishes. I expected to be wowed but in comparison to some of the other brunch places on the same street  concerning food, I wasn't . I also have to say that my boyfriend and I did almost come exclusively for the original style monte cristo sandwich ( when you type in Monte Cristo on yelp Rex pops up) only to find  that it was removed from the menu for a few years now. When we were obviously a bit disappointed (my boyfriend, crushed) the waitress was kind enough to let us know about The Little Spoons monte cristo. I thought was very nice of her though we've known about LS's cristo for a while and were hoping for more of the original style of Rex's.  
I ordered the chicken and waffles which good (similar not superior to the Cambridge's alike dish) and my boyfriend ordered the Catfish po-boy. If you like well seasoned food do not order this. It had a spicy sauce that was so overpowering that you would hope it would hide the fact that the catfish lacked salt... I wish I could say better things!! Thank you to the staff for being so fantastic, you are amazing at something so difficult as customer service. There is competition out there! We want you to be the perfect spot Rex, take advantage of your little spot and make every dish to perfection! ( AND BRING BACK THE MONTE CRISTO, please :)A disappointment.  Salad and mac/cheese were fine, but were inexplicably served before cocktails. Two orders of flounder smelled fishy, old, and unappealing. Cauliflower was blackened, dry, and tasteless. Black- eyed peas seemed straight from the can. Wait staff was more interested in chatting with a group of friends at the bar than in tending to diners. We're neighbors, have enjoyed Rex before and want it to succeed, but we won't be back again soon.I went here last week in a party of 5 people. We all ordered the burger and 4 out of 5 of us got extremely sick, like wake you up in the middle of the night and then ruin your day type of sick... even two days later we all felt off. I told My friend, who picked up the entire bill, that he should probably let the restaurant know how sick we all were so they could be aware and make sure the issue doesn't reoccur in other customers. My friend was reluctant at first as it is his neighborhood bar, but he agreed that they should probably know, so he called and left a message and got a call back from the manager who offered NOTHING in compensation to my friend for the bill for dinner that got us FOUR sick, but THEY DID offer him ONE COMPLIMENTARY BURGER, the food that got us all sick, in the future!!! Worst way to handle poor business I have ever heard of.  They should be embarrassed.Only been here for the citywide burger special, but Rex has earned all 5 of these stars with the best burgers and sweet potato fries that I've been able to find in Philly. Their OG "house grind" burger haunts dreams, but also keep an eye on their Instagram for really cool weekly burger specials.I enjoyed this quiet little  spot. Prices were good for the brunch portion sizes, and the service was excellent too. The whole menu looked extremely appetizing from top to bottom. I settled on the chicken and waffles Benedict which was fantastic. The only thing keeping this rating from 5 stars was the Bloody Mary. It was good, but not what I was expecting. 
Get a reservation for brunch as it's a small establishment and fills up quickly.I've been here twice now for happy hour and found the food and drinks to be quite good. Here is what I have had so far: 
1. The "Tri Tips" with tiger sauce, which are chicken fried steak tips, were weird. I don't know if I really liked them, but they were one of those things that stick in your mind because, while the flavors are good, you don't know if they are necessarily good together. The breading on the tips were delicious, but I don't think I liked them in the steak per se. The flavors of the breading and the meat of the steak didn't seem to go together well and they competed. The sauce was also very good, but not with the dish. All of the flavors just seemed to be fighting one another for attention, instead of complimenting each other. 
2. The pork sliders. Small but good sauce. A good starter. 
3. Shrimp po boy. Elegantly buttered baguette. Perfectly coated fried shrimp. Delicious picked tomatoes. Complimentary and well proportioned lettuce and sauce. 
4. Small cheese plate. This rotates, but when I was there it was raspberries, walnuts, toast points, and some type of Gorgonzola-like cheese. Great portion for the price and really fresh. 
The only thing is that I wish they had regular happy hour drinks. They only have a happy hour drink of the day, and no others. Although $3 Newbold IPAs all day every day is pretty great. 
Overall, really friendly staff, appealing decor and atmosphere (they had fresh lilies in the bathroom that smelled heavenly), and versatile ever-changing menu. I will absolutely be back!Great neighborhood place we noticed a few weeks ago and decided to try it last night.  We started with the mussels (AMAZING), and had the burger and pork tenderloin.  We both enjoyed it all.  Great service and great atmosphere.  Reasonably priced - check it out!Very, very close to being a 5-star review.  Rex REALLY impressed me when I went there a couple weeks back.  I wasn't sure what to expect going in, but the food, interior, everything was way above expectations.
It's very welcoming, comfortable, quiet enough to talk in here even on a Friday night.  Obvious New Orleans feel.  Seemed like a cool crowd ranging from tattooed hipsters to button-down folks in their 50's.  Everyone seemed happy.
My girlfriend and I wanted to try as many things as possible so skipped entrees, had the moules frites, chicory salad, mac and cheese, and crawfish pot pie.  
The frites weren't anything spectacular (small, bit soggy) but the moules  portion of the dish, the bath in which they lay was freakin fantastic.  Big plump fellas swimming around in a pool of bacon-y pleasure.  
Despite the heavy promotion on here the mac & cheese still exceeded expectations.  Crawfish and chicory were similarly way above average.  Had us talking after tasting each one of these how impressed we were at the whole experience.  Didn't leave a food baby in the stomach afterward, which is very important with rich foods like these.
Service was OK.  Waited awhile to have anyone come up to us but certainly not to the level others have mentioned on here.  I definitely want to try this place again, maybe for brunch and you should too.My partner and I decided to check this place out because the burger was repeatedly recommended to us. And everyone was absolutely correct. It was delicious. A little spicy but not too much, just right. It had a ton of flavor and was perfectly cooked. I was also pleasantly surprised that the menu was really reasonably priced. Our server (I think his name was Travers) was great, he was friendly and attentive. The only thing I was so so on was the macaroni and cheese, not bad, but it was just ok. It needed a little somethin... and it was a bit too soupy. Other than that, great overall experience.The ambiance is lovely.  However, not even close to the best burger in the city (the meat itself was not flavorful) and the fried chicken was also really pink.  I would only go back to sit at the bar for drinks, and I would stick to wine/straight whiskey.Rex 1516 is a fairly new restaurant in our neighborhood. I'm glad to say it is a very welcome addition. Definitely try the smoked wings (molasses Chipotle is my favorite) corn cakes, sweet potatoe fries(the dipping sauce is amazing), and the pulled pork Mac and cheese. And don't forget about their entrees and burgers. Everything was great. We will definitely be back.I love this little upcoming block of South Street.  I am a definite fan of Jet, so it was only a matter of time before I made my way over to Rex.  I am from the south as was my dining companion, so we were excited about this new restaurant prospect.  We started with the crawfish pot pie and mac and cheese.  Both were quite enjoyable, but I really enjoyed the crawfish pot pie.  I opted for the seitan meatloaf.  I am very far from vegan or vegetarian, but was intrigued.  I enjoyed this as well, it is a good option for vegetarians or meat eaters alike.  The cocktail list is definitely a fun, festive addition to the experience as well!My favorite neighborhood bar/restaurant! Great food and cocktails. Very friendly service!As a big fan of Jet Wine Bar, I've been eagerly awaiting their new restaurant, Rex 1516. They had a few delays which only added to the anticipation, but, Rex 1516 lives up to expectations.
We've been there twice in the short time they've been open. Once for dinner and once for drinks. The night we went to dinner was just a couple nights after they opened and they did not yet have their full bar, so they offered two complimentary glasses of wine. Coming from the same people who run Jet, the wine was quite good, definitely not your First Friday plastic cup Chardonnay kind of free. We were curious about many of their southern influenced offerings, so instead of my partner and I each ordering an entree, we opted to select a few of the appetizers so that we could try more. We started by sharing the fig bruschetta and the arugula and roasted pear salad. They had a special duck soup which we split and ended with the mac 'n' cheese. Everything was absolutely delicious. Can't wait to go back and try more.
We stopped by for a couple of drinks on a Friday night. It was pleasantly not crowded, although that won't last long as word spreads about how excellent everything is. The bar tends toward variations of classic cocktails. They have a small but nice draft and bottled beer selection and, of course, an excellent selection of wines. I had a perfect Sazerac and an excellent old fashion. The bar is dark and elegant with a very inviting couch along the back wall. 
The staff have been all very nice and incredibly welcoming. 
Between Rex 1516 and Jet Wine Bar, I don't know if I'm ever leaving that block of South Street!Man, this place is great. Just go settle up at the bar, have a drink, and have Sweet Lou drop some knowledge on you. Everytime I've been here I've had an incredible time and its, by far, the best happy hour in the city (in my humble opinion.) Also checkout the burger special which changes every week...it's available Tuesday and Wednesday and features a whopping, amazing burger (with a cheeky name) a beer and a shot for $15. You can thank me later.Rex 1516
What can I say. It's a quite intimate spot that requires reservations or a little waiting at the bar for a good table. Fortunately, we were able to sit in the lounge spot in the back. 
We came during brunch hours even though I really wanted their lunch menu. So I got a hamburger that was quite good I must say. A hamburger is an hamburger but this was well cooked with bacon and cheese on the top.  Accompanied with very thick sweet potato fries ...yes this is a good thing. 
But the highlight of my meal was definitely my drink which was the "Pearadise Lost". Amazing mixture of liquor and champagne. Very cute presentation as well . See below. You have to get lost in this drink if you ever stop here. 
- Tempting TasteFood was good not great same with service. I would come back. But it's not a must stop. So that is why it is getting 3 out of 5 stars. I'm not rushing to go back but if someone wants to go I would be ok to go back.Great food for the price. This was a great alternative to hotel food, especially when ordering for 5 of us. The delivery time was about 55 minutes but was worth it with the money saved.First, I'll start by saying that I've never actually eaten at Rex 1516. This review is about the two times we tried to eat here for brunch.
The first time: we arrived around noon and were told that it would be a 20 minute wait because we didn't have a reservation, which was weird because only a couple of tables were actually occupied. We were told we could sit at the bar, but we looked down at the bar and saw a bartender and a waitress who both looked miserable. "No thanks," we said.
The next time: this time we actually made a reservation and were seated promptly, although no one asked for our reservation, despite the fact that there were twice as many occupied tables. Then we waited literally twenty minutes before someone came around to ask if we wanted anything to drink. Mind you, there were only 4 other tables occupied, so it's not like they were slammed. When I asked for coffee, I was told they didn't have coffee that day. "What kind of brunch place doesn't have coffee," I thought to myself. We'd heard bad things about the extremely long wait time for food here, and we looked around and saw that none of the other 4 tables had been served yet. "I'm not going to wait an hour for my food," I thought, "if I can't even drink a cup of coffee while I wait," so we politely bolted.The mac and cheese left much to be desired but the fried chicken was good. I probably would have rated this restaurant with four stars had it not been for the emotionally detached service.My brunch was truly amazing, I ordered a dish with grilled shrimp and pork belly! Enjoyed every bit of it! I wish I was living in Philly to explore whole menu! However, I'll be coming back once I visit this town again. Also, prices are very reasonable. It's Truly $$ in the Yelp range, no surprises!Decided to drop by Rex for dinner.   I've been here several times and have never had a bad meal or cocktail.  The decor is very sophisticated and romantic and pulls of the New Orleans vibe pretty well.  The noise level is good enough to have a conversation across the table without straining to hear the other person.  This time I tried the fried chicken with the cornbread appetizer.  Everything was really good especially the BBQ Mashed Potatoes!  They should make that an appetizer!!  My only complaint is they're a little skimpy on the cocktails.  I ordered a Manhattan and felt like after 3 sips, my glass was empty.  Other than that, I think this is great spot!  I'll be going back!Step off south street into the carefully curated world of Rex 1516. 
The food is perfectly indulgent, and is complimented by one of the city's most slept on bar programs. 
The music, old movies playing on the tv by the bar, orchids and various oddities around the room, and a staff that genuinely cares all make for an experience I'll keep coming back for. 
And the Sunday brunch is the cherry on top.Delicious! Highly recommend! The atmosphere was lovely, the food was exceptional, and the staff were amazingly helpful. One of the best experiences my boyfriend and I have had at dinner!Fantastic burgers and cocktails, and incredibly attentive service (without being intrusive).  Our waiter got everything out at pretty much the same time, even though it was busy by that time (6:45ish last Weds), and was really nice the whole time.  I was disappointed by the fact that every dish was cleared as soon as it was empty, since I'm a slow eater, and this makes me feel rushed and guilty (not so slow that I think it's unreasonable, but definitely several bites behind).  I didn't end up finishing my whole plate, and put my knife and fork together across the top of the plate - and my plate was whisked away.  Teeeechnically correct, but for a waiter that well versed in the art, it seemed like he should also have known not to clear any of the dishes for the current course until everyone was finished.  I only mention it because the restaurant was so spot on otherwise, and it made the end not as nice.My daughter and I were in the area a decided to look for a place to eat. Near us was Rex1516. I ordered the chicken and waffles, it was absolutely delicious. We were there during brunch hours. My daughter ordered biscuits and gravy with eggs and a side of fruit. She loved it. I highly recommend this place. The Service from Brandi was great. I have to go back to try dinner.I'm so glad to have this restaurant so close by to me. 
Not only is their food good, but service is amazing as well. A month ago my boyfriend told the bartender that he was going to propose to me. 
Fast forward, when I stepped into the restaurant a month later, everyone was congratulating me and was so excited to see my ring. Not only surprised that the remembered, but we got free desserts on top of it! 
I come here quite a few times for the burger, but now I know the desserts are also amazing-- do try to banana pudding and cookies and milk!My burger was extremely good, and the sweet potato fries were right on par with it. The wings as an appetizer were also amazing. I was disappointed that my Diet Coke came in a glass bottle because I'm a huge believer in free refills. Our server seemed to have an attitude when my friend asked if she could switch out one side for another (which you strictly cannot). We sat outside, and the table was slanted and too small; it seemed like sitting inside would have eliminated those issues though, which would have probably led to 4 stars.Today was a very long day at work for me and I did not have energy to cook dinner...Justin my love decide to take me to this new restaurant "REX" in our Barrio.  As soon as we walked in we received a warm greeting.  They have a good selection of wine and cocktails.  MMM but the food...OMG It was fantastic!!!! It put a smile on my face.  The pork dish and the bread pudding were on the top of my list.Love, love, love, love. There's nothing I didn't love about this place other than there's not a second location in New York City [hint, hint]. The food was decadent, the atmosphere was sophisticated, and the price was just right. 
When you walk in you're immediately struck by the classic and old time-y feel of the restaurant. The background music is straight out of New Orleans and I loved the black and white movie playing on the TV over the bar. 
We had a reservation for a Sunday night, but honestly I don't think its necessary. We were seated right away even though there were several large parties already dining. 
DRINKS:
I started off with the High Tea [$10] which is made with gin and milk [the primary flavors that come through in this drink]. It was certainly an interesting combination. I'm not sure that the flavors really worked together. Anise was used as the garnish and really overwhelmed me. Whenever I would sip the drink I would inhale it and it was totally overkill. Perhaps some powdered anise would have been better rather than a whole one [it was pretty though]. 
FOOD:
The Crawfish Pot Pie [$9] was the most incredible thing I have put in my mouth the whole weekend I was in Philly. This was my first time eating crawfish and if this is what I have to look forward to, I will be eating it many times over. The pie crust was so tender and flakey while the crawfish was succulent, especially in that spicy cheese sauce which I wanted to slurp from the plate. Even though it's an appetizer, it can certainly pass as an entree. 
Pork Hash [$22] while excellent in it's own right, could not live up to the amazingness of the crawfish pot pie. I enjoyed the poached egg on top, which added an extra layer of flavor once you burst it open on top of the hash and mix it with the rice and pork. 
Sweet Potato Panna Cotta [$7]: I was incredibly full at this point in the meal but I'm so glad I found room for this positively exquisite dessert. It was like a crisp autumn day  on a plate! The cinnamon cookie crumble tasted just like a graham cracker and the cranberry preserves countered the savoriness of the panna cotta. Together, it was the perfect balance of flavors. 
Overall, I paid about $50, including tax and tip. Man, I wish I could eat here more often.Crawfish. Pot. Pie... My sole motivation for trying this place out and it was totally worth it. The only reason it got only four stars was because it took forever to get the check and leave. The Mac and cheese is also heavenly with its creamy center and crispy topping. YUM.Lame. Overrated. The Mac And cheese was bland and boring. The potato salad was miserable and the burger was dry. I made a mistake coming here. 
Also the food took forever and I was the only table in the restaurant. 
The hostess however, was hilarious and amazing.Yummy!!!! I was pleasantly surprised by the menu and atmosphere. I had a burger jammed packed with flavor! It came with a side of Jack Daniels, all for $15 dollars. I also tried the dry rubbed brisket. Perfectly cooked and tender. The wait staff had excellent customer service and knew the menu. I would certainly go back, SOON!!!Go here if you want a great deal- $15 for a specialty burger (style is different each week), whiskey shot, & beer! You can check Instagram to find out what the burger of the week is!Nice place to go on weeknights, which is really my favorite time to go out nowadays.  Service is professional, but relaxed and not hurried.  The burger specials are always really good.  Pastrami short rib, fried chicken, and ravioli are all tasty.  One of my favorites in the neighborhood.I've been here a few times and I always seem to order the same items. Fried green tomatoes, fried chicken and or the burger. Home made pickles are very good. The food is wonderful . The service is excellent. The restaurant is quaint, pretty but a bit dark. It's nice that this part of South Street is finally looking like a destination. I like the southern flare and I bet you will too.Do not go here!  I want this awesome, DELICIOUS, awesome, fantastic place for me, my friends, & family to enjoy a meal.  My daughter found this as the foodie of the crew.  Everything we had was great!  Happened to come in on burger night, shot, beer, & a burger!!!  Please only occupy if your palate wants to be amazed with the savory flavors of what you order.  "I'll/ We'll be back!"We were really excited to try Rex since we live in the neighborhood and were hoping that it'd be another interesting addition to the South Street 'renaissance.' 
The food, however, was really uneven. Some items were well prepared and seasoned (cornbread, fried green tomatoes, fried chicken). Others not so much (lamb shank and sides). The black beans, for instance, were under-cooked and inedible. The manager did apologize and offered a replacement side. Overall my impression of the food was disappointing.  
Like a fair number of small Philly restaurants, they haven't learned their lessons on acoustics.Maybe its the desire for elevated noise levels so that there's a 'buzz' about the place. The effect, however, is that all of those hard surfaces create ear blistering noise levels; once Rex was fully seated it was nearly impossible to hear our dinner companions.What an awesome restaurant!  My husband and I absolutely love going here.  I have Celiac disease and have a hard time going anywhere for brunch.  Rex is just phenomenal.  It's great for my husband too, who is not GF!  The servers and entire staff are so incredibly attentive to my extreme sensitivity to gluten.  I love the shrimp and grits, and all of the cocktails.  Rex also makes a fantastic cheese plate (they can serve it with GF bread too!) and an incredible burger (again with a great GF bun).  They don't have a dedicated GF frier, which is ok, but I just wanted to include that as a point of information.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone.  It is hands down one of my favorite places.I came here for happy hour along with my girlfriend. I love the atmosphere of this place.  The staff was super friendly. The bartender we had (can't remember his name sorry) was awesome.  Made great drinks and talked to us about 1000 different topics from cheeses to Broadway.  We ordered everything on the happy hour food menu and it was amazing.  I was shocked at what I was getting for only $5. My favorites on the happy hour menu were definitely the pulled pork sandwich and the grilled cheese sandwich.  I will definitely be returning often for happy hour.We had a large group coming from out of town to visit us in Philadelphia.  I came across Rex 1516 as someplace with an interesting menu that was in a good location relative to their hotel.  I am always nervous when bringing guests to a restaurant that I haven't personally tried, but Rex 1516 exceeded my expectations.  We were a party of 7 on a Saturday night and we were served by Brian, who was very charismatic and attentive.  We ordered fried green tomatoes, an appetizer special of goat cheese, prosciutto and grilled peaches on toast points, hush puppies, and wings (for our gluten-free guest). All of the appetizers were exceptional and came out piping hot. When the wings were delivered, the food runner made sure to acknowledge that the wings were gluten free, which is always reassuring to know the kitchen took the food request seriously.  The meal was nicely paced and all of the entrees came out together.  The majority of the table got the catfish, which was moist and breaded but balanced.  The okra added a lot of punch to the dish.  The ribs were very tender with delicious bbq sauce.  The only complaint that I heard from anyone was 1 of the people in the party ordered the steak entree and the portion size was noticeably smaller than all of the other entrees, which was a bit disappointing for the price.  All in all, Brian was wonderful and we will definitely be back in the future.So great, has this out of another era, washed up high end southern feel to it. Went here for brunch, indoors was a bit too dark for a nice summer bright brunch, it would have been great at night though. They have some seating out front.
Got the shrimp and grits which were fantastic. Can't get any better. The service was nice, the gf got some omelette with duck but was a bit disappointed with it. Not sure what the coffee was but I thought it was pretty good.
Overall just a really nice experience, will be back for another meal sometime soon.The Rex burger is the finest in all of Philadelphia! My husband and I ate there many times during our four years in Philadelphia (probably 15-20 times). We exclusively ordered the burger when we went. I'm sure their other food is fabulous too. It's just too hard to say no to the perfect patty, bacon, pimento cheese, and crispy onions. It's truly a magnificent meal. 
Plus, the service there is amazing, it's not usually super busy, and they have great burger deals on Mondays and Tuesdays.
Don't miss out on this burger!I'm obsessed! I love this place. I've gone twice for brunch, once with the shrimp and grits, once with the chicken and waffles benedict. Fantastic! 
I also stopped by for a drink one night and the crawfish pot pie was to die for. It's a decent size and I left pretty full. Highly recommend, though the place is very small so get a reservation if you're going at a peak dinner time!Very good! I had the pulled pork. The portions aren't huge, so don't expect leftovers. The real winner was the huevos ranchos my mother in law ordered. I ate most of it, and she got real mad. Double bonus! My wife ordered the grits and it was also tasty. The bread pudding was just ok. 
Don't order a diet coke, they will serve you one of those tiny tiny cokes, that should read on the bottle "Please dont order soda anymore.".Recently visited for happy hour before a night out with friends. I must say I was totally surprised. What a great little intimate place to enjoy drinks and good food. We sat barside because we didn't make a reservation. It was around 6pm on a Friday and the place was fairly empty but before leaving it was almost filled to capacity. We enjoyed the porkbelly sliders, skillet cornbread, smoked wings, po boy shrimp, and a pasta dish (can't remember what it was, other than mouth watering). The food was to die for, I can't wait to return. A friend told me that they also own the Jet Wine Bar right across the street which I'll be visiting very soon. Oh and I forgot to mention that there was a "old back in the day movie" that was playing on the tv across from us at the bar that I thought was pretty cool.Rex 1516 is an excellent bar and restaurant to hang out in in the Center City West/Graduate Hospital neighborhoods.  I can't believe I hadn't been here before.  But everyone kept telling me, you have to eat the Crawfish Pot Pie at Rex and so I did.  And now I will be telling everyone - "You Have to eat the crawfish pot pie at Rex."  It's incredibly tasty.  And the sweet potato and jalapeno latkes were also def on the delicious side.  Chef Justin Swain has many other tempting items on the menu including right now a Baltimore pit beef sandwich on Sunday evenings. The décor is warm and the bar area is in the rear of the restaurant and offers a wide selection of beers and drinks - including their version of a Mint Julep.  Draught Newbold beer for three bucks at Happy Hour is a steal.  The bartended Jack is very friendly and competent.  If you have never been to Rex ... check it out ... and I'll think you'll then join the fan club as well!This is my new favorite restaurant in Philly. I feel lucky that I live so close. Everything is always cooked perfectly, the staff is so friendly and accommodating, the ambience is always nice - I haven't loved a place this much in a long time.Amazing service, food and ambiance waitress was phenomenal chicken and hamburger delicious side of cider could not be more perfect.One of my favorite spots for dinner in our neighborhood. Love their burger and fried chicken! Cant' beat having a pint of newbold IPA for $3 either!I recently made a date night reservation last minute and really enjoyed the place. I used to frequent a similar restaurant when I was in college so was very glad to stumble upon Rex 1516. 
It's a small dimly lit restaurant with fairly cozy seating--so be prepared to be close to your neighbor. I ordered the catfish which was really incredible. It had just the right amount of fry and flake. I also really enjoyed the hot sauce and crispy greens that come on top. When I ordered, the waitress kindly informed me the fish comes on top of the cold purée and beans. It really didn't bother me at all, but I enjoyed the heads up.
I also shared a crawfish pot pie with my partner. My god it was good. The crust is very buttery and the crawfish were cooked just right to not have a rubbery texture. 
The real show stopper was my partner's ham dish. That ham was probably the best ham I've ever eaten. Tender, juicy, and packed with flavor. The only down side is was the high sticker price and small portion. But the food was very much worth it.I just came here to get dessert with my friends and man was I hooked! I got a glass of wine and stole my friend's Milk & Cookies. Man - that was so good. The "milk" was a delicious rum chata milkshake that was so good that I tried ordering a large glass on its own. Unfortunately, they said no :(. The cookie dough truffles were also delicious and complimented the chocolate dip perfectly. Forget the meal, make sure you get dessert!As transplanted southerners, this is one of our favorite spots in the city! We love the brunch, especially their spin on shrimp and grits and chicken and waffles (benedict!) the bananas foster French toast is also to die for. We have also been there to celebrate birthdays with their delicious pies, especially southern favorites like buttermilk and chess that they do so well! In addition, the space is small, but cozy, and decorated like a high brow New Orleans home. Recommend for special occasions or even just to nurse your hangover over brunch!The Mac and cheese will forever have my heart ! This place is amazing, even better than Ms. Tootsies. The server was nice, although he forgot something we ordered. The environment is very cute. This is a place I brag about all the time!I feel like I found a gem on South Street! The service was great and the food was wonderful! Stop reading this and just GO!!!Had an untraditional setting for my experience with Rex 1516 - their owners are incredible enough to donate their time and energy for a charity event near and dear to my heart, ACHIEVEability's Food for Thought. This year the owners, Justin and Heather, made banana pudding with salted caramel and nilla wafers. My friends and I obsessed over the dish - so delicious! I highly recommend Rex 1516 not only for the food, but also that they are really great people.I've tried mostly everything here for brunch.  Honestly, I should have never done that because now I'm so indecisive when I come here because everything is so good. Best shrimp and grits I've ever had.  My favorite brunch item is probably the cream chipped brisket though. Damn good bloody too.  Rex is definitely my favorite brunch spot.