AMAZING!!!!!! Thank you yelp-ers for the recommendation because this seriously is the best place for hot chocolate (and a show). It was a lot of fun and you feel at home here. Especially if your grandparents grew up in south Philly. The decor is not like anything you've seen before but that's what makes it so great. Bring your friends and enjoy!  Ps worth the $9 for the hot chocolate!Sweet little place to go if you wanna be the cool friend..totally eclectic and the hot chocolate is out of this world. the owner is AMAZING !! Make It Happen!!RIM cafe is a chocolate filled gem! I visited RIM when I was on my way to a cannoli shop across the street that was closed when I arrived, then a few people walking by recommended I go to RIM since it was still open. I am glad they made the suggestion! When you first walk in you may be overwhelmed by the excessive decor,but you will be greeted with a warm welcome by the Godfather and his friendly staff. The drinks are to die for super rich and decadent. If you're looking for a "guilt-free" fat-free dessert, this is not the place for you. If you're out for a unique family style dessert experience, RIM is the place to be. Cannoli's are amazing, they even have some dipped in peanut butter, my favorite!I love the hot chocolate and huge variety of interesting ways they are prepared here, and the prep is fun to watch. There's a lot of chocolate and chocolate-filled goods here, but if you're looking for something gourmet you might want to try someplace else. Highly recommend visiting at least once though, especially if out of town and are in the area.best hot chocolate in town. rene is the charactere. i love this place. no coffee to go. the way to goRIM Café c'est René.
The atmosphere is perfect, like a giant collector's den. I have been there a few times, even met René's nephew from Nice once. It is just so Algerian-French, perfect. René's motorcycle just inside the door is icing on the cake. Speaking of which, René makes all his own chocolate, despite the high prices, it is worth it. 
So go in, have a coffee or hot chocolate and talk to René or his wife and come away believing you left South Philly for at least a few minutes!not much to say -- its chocolate everything all day everyday. its cute, small. go.Alright, if you are in the area grabbing a Philly cheesesteak, leave a little room for a hot chocolate and cannoli from Rim. I went the traditional route, milk chocolate hot chocolate and a standard cannoli. It was the perfect way to warm up after a frosty wait for Pat's steak!"Make it Happen"-Rene
Rene I love you! You make my heart warm!!!The 1st day I visited my friend and I went in and was immediately greeted by Rene. I had a long day at the range and was in stress mode. All of that went out the door when I was greeted.
I ordered the White Chocolate Volcano & Cappuccino Brulée. I was in tears. Rene made us some fresh Caramel and gave us some treats to try. How I love this place and Rene. There are days where there is live music and events. There are many pictures and items to view. 
Rene & Rim Cafe creates an experience. Prices are very true to the items actually they are fairly low. Experience is everything so price means nothing. Rene and staff go above and beyond to "Make it Happen".
You will enjoy every bit of this place. He is truly a "God-Father". Any day I feel down I try to go visit. Thanks for everything Rene & Rim Cafe.Not seen much in Philly area but I will have to start. Besides Gino's and Pat's cheese whiz, there is one more liquid gold here and that is hot chocolate by the Godfather. 
You are taken away by the makeshift decor of this place as soon as you walk in along with some sweet smell of chocolate and coffee. A cozy and very welcoming place. The owner himself takes pride in what he sells and how he sells it. It is all about love for the chocolate and people here. The "Godfather" will personally make your hot chocolate and make sure it is awesome. 
We had original volcano and every other hot chocolate here, lol. The range of exotic chocolates are bing used in making the heavily goodness. 
Do put his place on your bucket list. 
As always you have to try it to believe it. #happyeatingRene along with the hot chocolate that he makes is an unstoppable combination!  Make it happen!This was quite possibly the most expensive hot chocolate I have ever had in a paper cup.  The proprietor is great warm friendly and always hollering "were gonna make it happen". The place is super dingy and could afford a good scrub.  The chocolate is shaved fresh and laced with oddities like Parmesan cheese, coconut, hazelnut and all sorts of stuff.  Overall the hot chocolate was pudding thick and not super hot and enjoyable.  Perhaps you might want the experience but 15.00 for 2 hot chocolates is absurd!Belle is as charming as she is talented. Serving a mean hot chocolate, not to mention her cannoli creams and cream anglaise! 
Do yourself a favour and indulge here.Owner René is a coffee and chocolate artist, and a lover of life and all souls.  There is no categorizing this quaint shop in the heart of the Italian Market, but you will leave with a smile on your face, a song in your heart, and mouthwatering chocolate in your tummy.  René is from France, but his heart is in Italy, and this eclectic cafe has an Italian feel to it with the fine Lavazza coffee used in all the imaginative coffee drinks.  The Iced Espresso is to die for, as are the Iced Crème Brûlée Latte, the Iced Salty Caramel Latte and the Iced Salty Caramel Avocado Latte.  I do not like avocado at all, and would never have known it was in there, but it's superb!  The hot drinks are also good, and the hot chocolate has won Philly Magazine's Best of Philly.  Like the coffee drinks, they are imaginative, with the Hot Chocolate Volcano being a favorite.  A cappuccino there is like nowhere else, and the homemade truffles and other sweets are creamy and delicious.  Everything is special here, and even the chocolates that are shaved to flavor and decorate the coffee and chocolate drinks are homemade and unusual, with flavor combinations like Parmesan Chocolate and Pistachio Chocolate.  The Rim has been featured on the Food Channel's Sugar High show with Duff Goldman.  But while the beverages and chocolates are creative and superb, the real star of the place is René himself.  There is no describing him.  He exudes passion and love for his creations and is an entertainer and a photographic artist.  He will take exquisite photos of the most unphotogenic person, and post them on Facebook for you to download and keep.  It is clear this is not work for him, and it's not a job.  Being at the Rim and joking and mingling with people, "making it happen," is his true love.  Yes, a drink there may cost $10, but it is not the drink you pay for, and as such, it is a very inexpensive form of entertainment.  René is very generous, sharing many of his creations.  At times he gives away more than he charges, having you try a new drink creation or a truffle at no charge.  It is the perfect place to go with a group of friends, or to share with a date.  It is an EXPERIENCE to go to the Rim, one you will want to return to again and again.This cafe belongs in the middle of Bourbon Street. The first thing the waitress asked us when we walked in was whether we wanted to get fingered. Of course we gladly accepted. She proceeded to pour 3 different  flavors they use for their hot chocolate onto our finger (pumpkin, chocolate ganache, and salted caramel). Each was delicious. We settled on the pumpkin spice cappuccino and 2 desserts. Both were rich and tasty. As for the atmosphere, it's dark, the godfather is playing on a small tv, there are cowboy hats everywhere, there are bongo drums (that apparently the owner plays which we didn't see), and Santana music playing, among other peculiar decorations.**3.5 stars**
I was really apprehensive of  marscapone and ricotta in a thick hot chocolate drink, but the Grandfather's Volcano at RIM Cafe sold me.  As featured in Duff Goldman's Sugar High show on FoodTV, the hot chocolate drinks were as ostentatious and elaborately constructed just as in the show.  The owner is charismatic and friendly and the vibe is pretty laid back in a voodoo biker hard core kinda way.  The TV plays either The Godfather or their FoodTV feature.  Pretty awesome place to hit up, especially after having a Philly cheesesteak at Pat's/Gino's.  Cash only.My husband and I were looking for a great place to have hot chocolate. We did a random search and ended up going to RIM cafe. I must say that this is one of the best random places that we've ever been. I don't know how Rene the owner does it, but the chocolate is truly magical. I've traveled the world and this is by far the best I've tasted. The atmosphere is very quirky and the owner and his wife are golden. I will return!Rim cafe has the most delicious cannoli. The filling is just the right consistency: smooth,creamy,sweet and subtle. This is key for me because I find that many cannoli fillings are thick and goopy,but not at Rim. It's like biting into a cloud.
I highly recommend getting the chocolate lined cannoli shell bc the chocolate here is primo.
speaking of chocolate,keep this place in mind if you ever have a hot chocolate craving because they make hot chocolate dreams come true.
Lastly, all employees I've encountered here are genuinely sweet. You can tell they love what they do and they appreciate their customers,which is not always true of Philadelphia hospitality industry. The cafe itself doesn't look like some HGTV designer magazine cover but I personally like that it's very unique and quaint. 
I'm looking forward to many more cannolis and hot chocolates here.Recently took my mom who was visiting from out of town. Renee wasn't there but there was a lady (not sure of name) who was just as kind! She gave us some free truffles with our purchase and talked to us like we were her old friends. I love RIM!What funky place!  Stopped by with a friend for a sweet treat after a lovely dinner at 943.  I love the chocolate shavings and artistic touches that were added to our cannoli.  The ambiance is very cool!This is by far the best hot chocolate I have ever had in my entire life! Drive on down to south Philly and get a cheese steak and then a hot chocolate or anything else from RIM cafe. The owner and staff are incredible. Ambiance is quirky but inviting and relaxing. RIM cafe is a neighborhood gem! They grind fresh coffee and Rene, the owner experiments with his own sauces, caramels and chocolates. You won't find anything else anywhere in the world.First of all, I must direct a "WTF" at Philadelphia. Why are there no coffee shops open past 10 PM ?!
Finally discovered RIM Cafe only a few blocks from my house and they are open late! Maybe until midnight? I'm not sure what their hours are... if they are posted, they have been lost amidst the hundreds of random pictures and articles all over the walls and ceiling.
The setup is perfect - a couple couches, tables and outdoor seating coupled with a few computers with internet access. Not to mention board games scattered around and a piano that anyone is welcome to play.
I didn't get any coffee, but my boyfriend got the Americano, which was tasty; I got a Macchiato, which was heavenly (they give you a little spoon coated in chocolate in addition to drizzling some on top of the foam. mmm).
Of course there's Rene, the adorable owner who walks around whistling the Godfather theme.The moment you step in this cafe, it's clear you are in a very special place. A place like no other, where time stands still and the only thing that matters is chocolate, coffee, love, and chocolate!  Go ahead, indulge... you deserve it!!!My friends and I were looking for gelato and stumbled upon Rim Cafe. I never knew this place existed, but this place is truly a gem! A mix of France and Italy in a small, cozy cafe. There are flags, pictures, curtains, mirrors on the ceiling, and even a giant bottle near the front of the store! 
I ordered the Hot Chocolate Volcano ($5 special!). It was piping hot, not too sweet, and oh so smooth. The best part is they make it right in front of you! I got to sit on a tall bar stool and watch the owner shave chocolate off chocolate cones (yes, actual chocolate cones) onto the Hot Chocolate Volcano.Great place if you have a sweet tooth, loved the hot chocolate. René made it happen lol I went here and came back within a week to bring my friends because it was just amazing. Love that he is so friendly and funny. He even makes mugs, with photos on them.This is not Starbucks.  If you want Starbucks, just don't come here.  Go back to the mall.
If you want a little taste of Europe, a unique atmosphere, and a charming experience, come visit Rene.  Try a Cappucino Creme.   Or just listen to him lecture his employee on how to make a proper macchiato - maybe that was just the one time.  But I loved it anyway.  A man who loves his craft, and coffee that makes this fact obvious.Let's make it happen!!!
Cheerful boisterous and welcoming.... These words would readily come to your mind if you have ever stepped into the cafe.
The drinks are made with flamboyance. While I wasn't particularly impressed with either the price (8-9 dollars per drink) or the chocolate (average quality)....
I would say the pomp and show associated with the drink made personally by the man who owns the place... More than makes up for it. 
Go for it just for the experience. AdiosVery solid hot chocolate.  Owner/barista is really cool and informative.  He obviously is very passionate about chocolate and all of his food.  The cannoli was good as well.  It's a bit pricey but I understand that it is real chocolate that they are using.  Great place if you're in the mood for hot chocolate!The RIM Cafe has both the best chocolate and the best coffee that I've ever tasted. 
Rene and Belle are as welcoming as can be, and remembered me after me after years. 
Order a "volcano" or simply a mocha, iced or hot, if you want my suggestion. 
Oh and side note: You may see some South Philly celebrities hanging out!Best hot chocolate in the world! Highly recommended!!! Definitely best place in Philly!Looking for a neighborhood coffeehouse where people actually interact, generations talk to each other, and your cappuccino is perfect? Head over to the RIM Cafe located across from the cheese steak vegas, and grab either a Cappuccino Brulee, Volcano (hot chocolate) or a RIM tea. You will not be disappointed.I recently visited the Rim Cafe after having read raving reviews online. Its a tiny restaurant across from a park, with a blinking eiffel tower statue on the roof. That didn't even compare to the interior, which was similar to Fridays, times 100. The walls are covered in photos and other assorted memorabilia which create an immersive space that somehow isn't overpowering despite itself. Of course, I had to order the chocolate volcano after hearing so much about it. I ordered the hot version, and my boyfriend ordered the cold version. The barista was really kind and engaging, and explained the process of making the drink as she went. We took our drinks to one of the comfortable 'sofas' and thoroughly enjoyed them. I much preferred the hot volcano over the cold one. We even met the owner himself and got to watch him make a mini promotional video of the epsresso process, which he gave us a sample of.  Afterwards, we had to buy some of the decadent truffles that were on display, 6 for $10. Overall, I was incredibly happy with the entire experience. The one critique I would have, however, was that while the wall decorations were appealing, some of the other interior decor was a bit tacky (specifically, the leopard print, and some of the items in the windows). I would definitely recommend this place to others, and look forward to my next visit! (and finishing those yummy truffles.Not quite the caf d' Golden Cote I imagined.
Nearest casino is the coastal Chester Royale, next door is a torture chambre for all sorts of live poultry - and up the road works noted fan of Romance Literature, Geno (the Rainier of bloody meat)
This shouldn't affect my love of RIM - but if you've visited any sparkling beach filled with glam vitality, passionate virtual nakedity and wonderful natural scenery - the road to this locale is troubling.
Once seated, coffee is passable OK, but croissants appear rundown, as if trod on by M. Renault, other foods miserable to non-existant... 
the decor is drab (some regional maps, silly Cannes postcards, overpriced marmelades, the smell of mould)
Much better would be to forego 150-200 visits and instead grab an Air France a Marseille o Aix... 
a croque'd madame, cotton blanket and clacky seabirds fit together much better over thereA must do in Philly if your a chocolate fan. I worked at Godiva and this man blows Godiva away, world famous lava hot chocolate.Our place to go on Valentine's Day. The salted caramel volcano is amazing! My kids love the white chocolate volcanoI am not sure why people are complaining, maybe it's because I am from NY and most of our fare has been decreased sub-standard monotonous grub, but I went back to RIM a few weeks ago, with friends! Ordered 2 hot chocolate beverages, 14,00 total. The chocolate that is mounted on top of your exquisite choco beverage is quality coco, not some hershey's fake flavour. 
You want quality, come here, if not- there are plenty of  places that can charge you 5.00 for a cup of swiss miss.What an experience this place is!! More than just desserts! They have a great offering of house-made baked goods, coffee drinks and "wait, there's more"... artisan hot chocolate! 
I can't believe I haven't been to this place sooner since I live just a short walk from 9th Street. A friend took me here last week for hot chocolate and I was so impressed and loved everything I tasted. 
We had three different hot chocolates and shared them among a few friends. Peanut Butter, Spicy Caramel Chocolate and a 'surprise' which was the Geno's Wizz. No, there was not yellow cheese wizz... It had a sweet creamy mascarpone cheese topping on melted hot milk chocolate. The hot chocolates are a little on the prier side (about $7 average) but that is because there is a lot of care that goes into making one. I think it is worth it! 
The chocolate truffles in the case are all handmade by the owner. I can't wait to go back and try some. Everything looks fresh and smells so good.I've been to RIM plenty of times...I've reviewed him as the most wonderful place I've ever been but this past weekend it just got better and i have to write about it. . . My boyfriend and I like to go there on our special dates, one because we love Rene and his delicious treats but two because of the atmosphere he creates. This weekend was different...We went in for coffee and came out engaged. Apparently my boyfriend and Rene have been working for a couple months to create the most wonderful engagement i could of ever asked for. My boyfriend proposed the idea to Rene a couple months ago and with no hesitation he said yes. Rene went above and beyond with everything....not only did he create a wonderful tower of chocolates and meringues (where my ring was hidden) but he gave his venue to host my surprise engagement party. He was such a wonderful host, he came out a couple times and played the drums to this Arabian like music that was just so much fun to dance to.  
A few things to say about Rim and Rene...the drinks and treats are extremely delicious and that is because he uses the best of the best...Rene not only is great owner he is a great host...he always makes you feel special even when he is busy....He goes out of his way to make you happy.....if you are looking for something different and just amazing for to RIM...and you will also gain a friend from it...and believe me Rene is someone you want to meet...he will change your life...he definitely changed ours.
This is not your Typical Cafe....this is in its own category ...a Magical Cafe with a Spectacular Host. Rene :)I love chocolate, and there is lots of chocolate here, but the experience was, well...disappointing. I just happened to wonder in on a Saturday and zeroed right in on the hot chocolate. They have many different types starting from $8, and often they depend on the owner's mood. There is a sweet potato hot chocolate, which sounded very interesting, but, sadly, none to be had that day. 
So I went with the basic $8 hot chocolate, which is interesting to watch being prepared. It's a giant amount of whipped cream, then not that much hot chocolate poured over it, then shavings of several different types of chocolate. Anyway, it's mostly whipped cream, and not a lot of hot chocolate, so for me at least, the experience is not that special. For someone else, maybe it is. It's just that for a $8 serving of hot chocolate, I would just like more chocolate. If the key is the specialty chocolate, why bother diluting it with whipped cream in the first place?  
It looked as though they might make great coffee, but you can go and see for yourself.
Also, this isn't a place to go and work. They have signs up saying not to bring your computer.Want to check out one of the coolest places (or hottest depending on your chocolate preference) in Philadelphia? I'm not taking about a bar or a club. I'm taking about the RIM Cafe. There are a plethora of reasons why this place is so awesome, with the main ones being chocolate, the atmosphere, and of course Rene. 
The RIM Cafe sits on the unassuming corner of 9th Street, just a stone's throw away from two famous tourist traps serving fake cheesesteaks, in the Italian Market district in the city of brotherly love. But don't let the location fool you. 
Upon entering RIM, you may choose to shack up in one of the two corners that are adjacent to one another - the lounge area or the more open area. We opted for the lounge and sat admiring Rene's decorative wall of places that he's visited in the world; however, sitting in the more open area will give you a better view of the chocolate and bongos, that Rene plays from time to time. 
The chocolate used in the hot chocolate, back that up....the chocolates used in the hot chocolate are insanely rich, creamy, and like nothing you will ever taste. When Rene makes you a hot chocolate, he doesn't just microwave a mug of hot water and throw some Swiss Miss into it. The man puts on a show! 
Before you know it, music will be playing. Rene "will make it happen" for you by grooving to the beat, slicing generous slabs of chocolate into your mug, utilizing what I like to call his chocolate spindle, and dousing your drink chock full of whipped cream (be sure to get one of the variations of the hot chocolate volcanoes). 
How about a chocolate flavored cappuccino? Or a canolli? How about some chocolate truffles (they were given to us for free by nice lady behind the counter and I would gladly pay for them because they were that good)? Your wildest imaginations can be filled at the RIM Cafe. All you have to do is ask and Rene will make it happen!
Side note: Bring plenty of cash with you. You may be surprised by the prices but after your first sip, you won't even care.The Rim is a great place to sit awhile, especially in the winter. The inside is cozy and homey and there's always something French to watch on the TV. Rene is a charmer and the drinks are unique and fantastic. Specifically, the volcano hot chocolate is a masterpiece - like no other hot chocolate I've ever had before. I'm not sure what Rene puts in there to give it such a distinctive, delicious texture, but it's magic. 
They're open until midnight, and it's the kind of place that makes you want to linger until closing time.If you are a chocoholic (like I am), you must indulge in one of their hot chocolates. I had their regular hot chocolate, but there was nothing "regular" about it. I was a little curious about the whip cream being sprayed at the bottom of the glass, but that created for the perfect rich and creamy taste of the drink. It was topped with shavings of an assortment of chocolates infused with ginger, hazelnut, coconut. My husband had the salty caramel hot chocolate and he said it was excellent. I'm definitely thinking more like daydreaming about my next hot chocolate fix...yum!!This place is amazing! You must love chocolate to come here because it's overwhelmingly sweet. The prices weren't as bad as others were saying, but it's definitely not a once-a-week kinda place. The owner was lovely and entertaining, calling your name when he's ready to make your hot chocolate so you can watch the show. I would recommend this place to anyone who likes hot chocolate or just wants a warm beverage on a cold winter night.One of Philly's hidden gem. I had the original Volcano and it's the best hot chocolate ever. The place is very unique and welcoming.I can't begin to accurately describe how amazingly unique this place is. The BF and I show up and the place appears empty, but walking in it felt like one of the coolest old lady garage sales I'd ever been to. The place is beyond eclectic to down right ridiculously fun. Finally we ordered from the lady and got hot chocolates, cannoil and truffles. 
The salty caramel hot chocolate was delicious, but the real winner was the toasted marshmallow brule hot chocolate. The guy makes it right in front of you and tells you everything that goes into it. The hot chocolate was so rich that we didn't even get to the truffles, or one of the cannoli's.
As for the cannoli... well, I have never been really impressed with any cannoli. I've had two or three from different places but never fell in love. With the first bite of the cannoli I may or may not have had a religious experience in my mouth. It was incredible, beyond words. Rim's cafe restored my faith in the cannoli. 
Someone previously discussed the price, but these are seriously city prices. I can understand how visitors might see these prices as crazy, but I think $9-14 for hot chocolate is reasonable and 4 truffles for $10, especially for how incredible they taste. The people working were incredibly amazing and very kind. I absolutely recommend going and I am going back soon!Rene is awesome. I love it here. So unique, out there, and delicious. The atmosphere! The chocolate! The energy! It's all fabulous. I can't even describe the experience of going - so I'm just going to tell you that you NEED to go! Bring your friends on a Saturday night and have a blast. It is unlike any place I have ever been to before. Trust me, you won't be disappointed.after hearing about this place for the last couple years, i decided to finally go in. i was with 4 other people, we walked in to set our things down and the owner kept yelling "Can i help you" over and over. I looked over and asked if they were open (it was very dark inside with only two other customers) and he accused us immediately of only coming in to use the bathroom. he was extremely rude, yelled, and dangled the bathroom keys at me even after i repeatedly told him that we were simply putting our things down before coming to order. we left without ordering. I've never experienced something like that before and it blew my mind that he would behave in such an aggressive manner.Rene is making samples of coffee for our PSU tour. Salted caramel. Chocolate ganache. Multiple methods for making coffee.This place really is fantastic. It's so good and so bizarre and so fun that I can't even properly describe it. The YELP voucher was great for my friends and I, but sadly they won't be accepting these anymore. Rene, the owner, explained to us that somehow his Yelp account has been hacked and he hasn't been able to get anyone from Yelp to help him resolve the issue. That's too bad because I would expect Yelp to be more responsive. And Rim Cafe really is fantastic!Cool spot run by a real unique character. Rene is a great host and makes just about everyone that walks in the door feel welcomed and right at home. 
The volcano is delicious and worthy alone of making a stop at this coffee/dessert cafe. I love a good hot chocolate. This was thick like a moose and very rich. We tried a few different ones but I think the marshmellow brulee variation is the way to go.This was the most entertaining of making homemade hot chocolate with real chocolate that my daughter and I  have ever seen. Delicious hot homemade hot chocolate and pastries. Friendly staff very helpful.  We will be back. It was well worth it!  Yumo!I love this place.  Great coffee and espresso, awesome atmosphere, AMAZING bathroom.  NB - Rene does not really do drinks to go.If you're in the mood for hot chocolate and big personality, there's no better place in Philly to go. When we walked in, the owner of the place wasn't behind the counter - he was in the middle of the room playing the drums. Once we had ordered, he came back behind the counter to prepare our drinks, explaining every step of the way what he was putting into it. Then he told us a story about Andrea Bocelli, played us his appearance on Food Network, and made extensive use of his catch phrase, "Make it happen!" The thing that made it all work was that the owner was 110% genuine. He wasn't putting on an act to attract business - he really is just a big personality, and he spends all day doing what he loves.
It's pricy, and it can't possibly be good for you, but when you're in the mood for something extremely rich and for a memorable experience, this is where you should go.It's inspiring just to see Rene, so passionate about espresso, photography chocolate and the Godfather, you'll leave the place buzzing. It's perfect place to impress a date or for some fuel before an all-nighter.  I got some friends gift certificates to RIM and everyone was thrilled!You may have to carry me out of here. The hot chocolates are delicious, you can have coffee in probably one out of 30 different ways and there's always good music playing. On a good day, you may see the owner dancing or playing music. Not a ton of seating, but we always found a spot. 
Did I mention chocolate heaven??!!Thee best espresso and hot chocolate!  Five denotes  for me awesome, and this place is,  you gotta just go for it.I adore this place, go here every time I visit Philly. Some of the best goodies ever concocted reside here. 
The owner is rather knowledgeable about practices, techniques and  all his chocolate sources. Come here to enjoy the epitome of decadence.If I were just passing by, RIM is probably the kind of place I'd never imagine walking into. But luckily my friend had a gift certificate so we decided to try this place after dinner one day. 
The inside of the cafe looks a bit like the attic of someone who collects 70's memorabilia. The first time I went, I was actually a little intimidated by the sheer amount of decor, but Rene, the owner, is one of the nicest shop owners I've ever met. He doesn't speak much English, but he gives off such a friendly vibe and it's a lot of fun watching him make the hot chocolates (especially when he grates the chocolate! It's like watching someone grate cheese, but so much cooler.)
My peanut butter hot chocolate was not cheap (around $9) but it was one of the richest, most decadent hot chocolates I've ever had. I had to sip it slowly as to not die from the richness... but I still ended up getting terrible chocolate coma afterward. Definitely worth the experience though.
I also came back here a second time and ordered my hot chocolate to go, and it wasn't nearly as good as the first time I went. So a word of advice: enjoy your hot chocolate in the cafe. Then go home and take a long nap until you feel like you can move again.Visited La Lupe's Mexican restaurant this weekend with my husband and while enjoying the atmosphere of the restaurant, noticed across the street were lots people dancing outside this place called Rim Cafe.  We asked the waiter and he it is a famous French Espresso bar that has the best hot chocolate.  We decided to go there for dessert.  It was a hell of time from the moment we stepped up the door.  We were greeted by a nice young man welcoming us to his engagement party.  That really took me by surprise, but we were game.  Walked in to a place full of people drinking champagne and having a great time.  The young man told us he was so excited because this was 2 months of planning with Rene, the owner of Rim Cafe, and finally his surprise engagement and party went off more fabulous then he could have imagined.  Rene made the couple one of his special drinks and what was hidden the two tier drink was a diamond ring.  The bride to be started crying and saying yes, yes. yes, I will marry you.  It was such a sweet story.  We were so pleased with the place and really felt a part of the party.  I asked this young man what he recommended we should have-- and he told us that all the drinks are great, but he loves the cannoli. It was not long before we found our way up to the bar to finally meet this French man who makes all these great drinks and sweets.  He was as sweet as we had expected, not at all what I expected, but for sure a man who knew his way with coffee---as we found out.   
Well to make the story short--- we had the best cannoli and best espresso drinks-- and though we walked out of there 55 dollars less then we entered, it was the best 55 dollars we ever spent.  We won't be back tomorrow but next time we are in town-- I hope to have another cannoli with our man in South Philly.First time here was with my boyfriend for valentines day! Let's just say this place made our day! They are such happy people here and spread their joy to their customers! I love the enthusiasm! Every drink I've gotten here has been great! They are known for their hot chocolates but everything els is great too. I'd go with the surprise me if your totally lost. It's more than just ordering a drink here it's a show too!Stumbled in here randomly and entered a very special hard to find type of place that seem to only be found by accident. These are the small kind of places where food is treated like art, and the charismatic character working behind the counter is a true honed master of his craft. Come to Philly, skip the cheese steak and enjoy some of the best deserts and chocolate drinks that can be found anywhere. Don't rush, sit and enjoy, watch the people, savor the flavors and appreciate your time!When my BF told me about this awesome hot chocolate he had that cost over $10 I asked if he got to keep the mug... $10+ for hot chocolate is absolutely absurd, right? WRONG! 
Rim cafe and it's owner Rene make for one unforgettable experience. Upon first walking into Rim cafe, your eyes do not know where to glance first. The decor is dark and the place is a bit cluttered (so if you're reading this before visiting, walk in - continue straight and then turn right!). The music is always on.. 'Applebottom jeans', 'Naughty girl'... It's like tacky tracks of early 2000, Rene knows all the words, dances along & I adore him for it. 
Rene will spot you walking in and if you have any questions, want a recommendation, whatever - he is on it! Then you will watch your drink be prepared! He'll go through each and every chocolate he is shaving - which I thoroughly appreciate (peanut allergy). We normally get the salted caramel and it is out of this world.  I tell everyone about Rim cafe and think it's the perfect spot to bring out of town visitors. Check it out!This was my favorite thing about Philly on our 3 day visit there.  Rene is jovial, hard working, and has pride in his product. There is no wonder why his craft was featured on tv (I think Food Network). He makes his hot chocolate drinks right in front of you from homemade hot chocolate, homemade whip cream, and various chocolate shavings (chocolate that he makes in many different flavors). His Volcano creation was to die for. I'm not going to lie, it was pricey, but OH SO WORTH IT for a special treat. I had the carmel brulee hot chocolate topped with toasted marshmallows and caramel sauce. YUM!Willie Wonka's chocolate has NOTHING on René's! My fiancé and I first decided to take the long trek from New York City after seeing RIM Café reviewed on the Food network. We are so glad we did, and have returned there twice since. René is an absolute magician when it comes to creating not only his incredible sweet concoctions, but the almost other-worldly feel of the place. It's not just about the amazing chocolate, coffee and tea -- and they truly are amazing -- but the experience. Do not miss the Volcano - the thick, creamy hot chocolate that is like none other I've ever had. The cannoli is divine. The truffles are ethereal. i have yet to try the chocolate salami, but that's a must on my next trip. Everything René touches turns to gold, and If you are as lucky as I am, you will walk out of there with a ring on your finger. My fiancé knew that there could be no better place than the RIM to propose to me, and so he did. It's the place where love happens.Oh Rene, I was forced by the GF to come here after our delicious cheesesteak meal earlier in the evening. I thought to myself, is this spot a need to go to place? 
I've seen the reviews and saw the distance to be covered and thought, 50/50... The GF wins and we go. So we walk into this dark, lounge like lighting, neon filled room, fitting for someone who needs a light show, with music blasting. In the background, I hear an eccentric man (Rene, aka the owner) who is shouting, "I am not done yet! And a lil' of this!" 
The energy is contagious, all the customers are excited, entertained for their one of a kind chocolate drinks. Most people order some form of a hot chocolate that is topped with some of the most unique and fresh chocolates around. The hot chocolate came out to us, gooey, hot, and thick like some forms of a Max Brenner. The overwhelming melted chocolate was a fantastic touch, just adding to the uniqueness of this place. I have to say, it is one of the better/best prepared hot chocolates I've had, in line with the hot chocolate at Union Sq. park in the Wintertime, but was slightly removed because of price.
As another posted described, the man is a mastermind preparing a decashot of espresso to be placed in the Guiness Book of Records. I had not heard of this prior to meeting him back in February, but being a coffee snob, I was nervous and excited at the idea of trying it. I decided to pass that night, but Rene was ready for me to take the challenge.
I would give this place a 5, but the prices are a bit ridic. It's a definite treat with a personal touch from a classic salesman, ready to throw every bell and whistle to get you excited for your drink. Maybe you wish your local starbucks barista was as excited as Rene preparing your white mocha, but they usually are not. 
You walk away feeling his excitement and remembering the experience because it's nothing like you've ever enjoyed. But the price will be my point subtraction. Enjoy it everyone, Rene knows how to sell a cup of hot chocolate.On the one hand it would seem that RIM cafe wants to keep customers away, located as it is in the "Italian Mexican Market" with odd hours and a storefront that I've always just subconsciously marked as another tienda after walking past it many, many times.  The place also has a rather unfortunate name, I think.  I see all of you are too mature to make rim job jokes.  Let me be the first.
After learning about this joint via Yelp I ventured into this dimly-but-colorfully-lit lair of kitsch and found object curiosities to sample the much-hyped fare.  For some reason I was expecting Rene to be eccentric but also thin and neat looking.  Maybe this is based on stereotypes I have of French people.  Turns out that he is eccentric, but also rather portly and slovenly looking.  And he's apparently of Greek origin and hails from Monaco.  Rene kept shouting "make it happen" like a broken record in a voice that I would describe as schizophrenic drunk.  Is this all an act or is he like that when he leaves the store?  Something to ponder.
I was duly impressed with the variety of chocolate cones he keeps on the side of the drink wheel (when he makes hot chocolate he puts the glass on a circular platform that spins around while he fills it up with various items, apparently to make the experience more psychedelic than it already is).  Included among these was "parmesan cheese chocolate" as well as more predictable ones like walnut and pistachio.  These are shaved over drinks in a rather haphazard manner.  Rene pointed to a TV where an image of Duff (of Ace of Cakes) was present and told me that just last week Duff was in there and that RIM would be featured on a new show called Sugar High.  So watch out for that.  I thought that the TV was a normal one at first, but it turned out to be a rotating collage of pictures, mostly of Duff.  There's another framed digital collage of pictures on an old piano that keeps displaying images of hot chocolate.  When we saw this my boyfriend joked that I should have a rotating digital collage of pictures of my apartment in my apartment.
I got the volcano ($7.50) and it was very good but I don't think the price is justified.  The same goes for the peanut butter truffle.  At $3 this seemed to be even more of a price markup but Rene redeems himself somewhat by putting it on a plate and adding some sauce(s) and more chocolate shavings from the many random cones on top.  The same went for the volcano, which was topped with pistachio, coconut, etc.  My boyfriend got the brulee: you pay about $1.50 more to have torched marshmallows on top but other than that it's the same as the volcano.  There's a "godfather" volcano for $13 and I'm certainly curious as to what that is.
 He certainly has ambience and presentation down.  I'd definitely come back, but only for a rare occasion when I want to bring someone there for the first time, take them around to quirky Philly spots, etc.  Then again I might come sooner to sample some of the things I wasn't able to try on my first visit.Absolutely wonderful! Renè is so warm, welcoming and fun! He knows how to throw a party. The Rim cafe is perfect for all occasions. I've been here for valentines day, just for fun  & even a surprise birthday party for a friend with 15 ish people, the place is small but it worked and was a great time! I'm a big fan of the salted caramel hot chocolate. You must stop by and get a glimpse of the immense creativity going on at Rim Cafe ;D thank you René for bringing so much light to South Philly xo.It's been a while since I've been by the RIM, but I'm moving back into the neighborhood very soon and can't wait to give it more love.  
It's a quirky little cafe in the middle of the Italian Market, with many pieces of French flair (including the French live TV).  The drink selection is unlike any other, and owner Rene definitely knows his away around the espresso bar.  I've had many a yummy cappuccino here.  
I'm looking forward to trying more of the tea!It was only a couple days after a trip to Italy and I was already missing the European athmosphere, hospitality, and ambiance and was exploring the Italian Market for anything that would cure my longing to be back in Italy when I stumbled upon the RIM and my problem was solved.
With Italian Lavazza coffee, hand-made truffles, canolis, pictures of Italy and France decorating the interior, and a barista with the most exciting and passionate personality I've never seen before who hails from France, I felt like I was back in Italy again.
Certainly not the kind of place to get quick coffee to go, this is the kind of place where you linger over your coffee, mingle with other patrons, and observe as Rene whips some of the most intricate drinks.  A speciality is the chocolate volcano made with imported chocolate and whipped cream that foams over the rim of your cup, as well as the raspberry cappucino, and the RIM tea.  The truffles are also made from French chocolate.MAKE IT HAPPEN!!! 
Very friendly staff and owner. Has a lot if gimmicks and perfect for out of towners/tourists. But if you're a foodie, you'd probably be annoyed by this place. Crazy knick knacks and their food and drinks are just okay. 
The truffles that they sell ("made fresh every single day) tasted really old, cold and hard. And wasn't too crazy about the flavors. The lavender truffle tasted like, well, the flower. Its not infused or anything, it was strong. And I've had many lavender infused Pavlova's, chocolates before and they were fine. The other truffles we tried were also blah.
The Volcano hot chocolate was OK too. Nothing special. There's a lot of ingredients but you almost don't recognize the building of the flavors. 
The canoli was tasty. I liked those. 
I tried to like their food. They had such great reviews here so even if we just came from a hearty dinner we wanted to try out his stuff!
The three stars are for the sweet man behind the counter entertaining his guests and being so accommodating at 830pm at night. I think he was the owner. 
Don't think I will be back. I would recommend it to a friend though, for a first timer in Philly...Rim Cafe is a life altering experience.  Once you meet Rene, the Godfather, you'll know you've been doing it all wrong.  This man is the cafe.  He has this vibe that just radiates from him the moment you meet the guy.  "Make it happen" is not a slogan, it's a way of life.  It's clear Rene is super proud and thankful of everything this place has become.  He's got pictures of him and Duff all over the place and you'll probably see the episode of Sugar High playing on repeat there.  And oh yea they have insanely delicious chocolate.  The hot chocolate "volcano" is unlike anything you've had before.  Sitting at the bar and watching the love Rene puts into making it is eye opening.  Having the melted chocolate on top of your drink is crazy good.  The bite size chocolates in the window are real yummy too.  I'm dying to get my hands on one of those cannolis.  You'll never find a place more cozy and welcoming.  Get here soon!Syphon coffee in the Italian Market?  Yes please!  The espresso here is fantastic with quite possibly the most exquisite presentation.  Pair your latte or cappuccino with a creamy,  delicate cannoli and your taste buds will be on cloud nine.  And I have one word/piece of advice: Volcano.  Just trust me on this.I've been meaning to come here for a while, and finally that bitter cold winter night came when all you want is a hot cup of chocolate comfort.  Unfortunately the experience was probably not enough to bring me back.  The price seems wildly exorbitant for what you get, especially when half of the different chocolate shavings end up on the counter.  We also sampled some truffles and a mini cannoli, which were also just ok.  They had some really interesting novelty cannoli shells (bachelorette, birthday, eagles themed) that were fun to see.  The atmosphere of the place was not really enjoyable for me, which is kind of important since hot chocolate is not a to-go friendly item.  The whole interior basically felt like a dark claustrophobic version of grandmas living room.  I can see why some people might enjoy the flair of the hot chocolate preparation and the eclectic decor, but it didn't do much for me.one word...AMAZING...you will not find another place in earth like RIM. Renee is just wonderful. Not only does he make delicious treats but he makes you feel special and at home. 
People you have to go....i always make sure i bring someone new to try and believe everyone so far...loves and adore RIM and Renee.....Our place to go on Valentine's Day. The salted caramel volcano is amazing! My kids loved the white chocolate volcano. We look forward to returningDelicious expensive hot chocolate. The show was entertaining "Make it happen"This may be the most unique place in South Philly, period.  The atmosphere is super unique and the food? Out of this world.  They will whip you up some extremely lovely coffee beverages, and if you tell them it's your first time visiting, you'll get the all star treatment.  You can eat the hot chocolate with a spoon, so enough said.Another fabulous find for our bookclub forays =)
I almost completely walked by the cafe huddled under my umbrella last night, tucked into a quiet corner shop in the midst of the neon and noise of the Italian market. Inside is a little bit of a mix of your grandmom's living room and attic. The couches are well worn in, the fireplace was sadly fake, and if you're ever not sure which country the owner's from just look on the ceiling. The bathroom is also a must see, with a kind of red light, boudoir feel.
I got the Dirty Volcano to start off with, and enjoyed Rene's finesse while mixing the drink as much as drinking it when he was done. I particularly loved the 7 or 8 (I lost count) types of chocolate that he shaved over top of it. It was so rich it really could have been enough, but my arm was easily twisted with the allure of a free second round, and tried the Killerrr. Molten chocolate in a martini glass, the flavor reminded me a little of a Kandy Kake, and I'm not complaining.A MUST visit! Chocolate heaven for sure. They make your hella-fancy and gorgeous chocolate drink right in front of you! It's truly a performance. The cafe is adorable, posters covering the walls and ceiling. There is so much to look at. Wonderful atmosphere, staff/owner is great people. Tell yo friends!Yes its a Cafe, but trust me when  I say is an experience like no other. Not only because of Rene's amazing concoctions out of chocolate or cafe; but because of the friendliness, and quirkiness of the place!.
Their homemade truffles are as decadent as they can be, his chocolate volcano is out of this world, and Rene himself is outstanding!
Can't wait to come back. Trust me I'll "make it happen"Very unique and entering place to grab a sweet drink and a nice dessert.  It is somewhere you want to return once you discover it.I can't wait to come back!! The hot chocolate was the most decadent, beautiful drink I've ever had. Rene included chocolate shavings of 4 different types of chocolate- dark milk chocolate, white and milk chocolate combo, dark raspberry chocolate, and finally chocolate with pistachio, almonds, pine nuts and hazelnut . 
Better than the drink? The experience! Rene is so passionate and has a contagious MAKE IT HAPPEN attitude that just brightens your mood.Several years later and I'm finally getting around to writing a real review for this place.  But that's how well of an experience I had there all thanks to Rene.  This dude is one of the most entertaining ppl I've ever met spending a solid half-hour preparing crazy hot chocolate magic for my friends and I.  Definitely best time I've ever had in a cafe ever.No visit to Philadelphia would be complete without a visit to RIM Cafe and seeing Rene "make it happen". Today was no exception. I brought my cousin Laura with me to experience a place I absolutely love. Laura was just as enthralled as I was. We had the most amazing hot chocolate drinks. Laura had the Salted Caramel ( a favorite of mine) and I had the Peanut Butter. Another amazing experience as hosted by the always gracious and vibrant Rene. RIM Cafe is a place like no other. The coffee, espressos, and specialty drinks are beyond amazing. The chocolate truffles add to the chocolately goodness. Anytime I find myself in Philly, which is never enough, I make it a point to head over to the RIM Cafe and see Rene. He is a wonderful host who makes everyone feel welcome and special. Taking friends or family there is something I really enjoy as well. I will be back in Philly in June, and you can rest assured there will be several visits ahead to the RIM Cafe. Tres Bien!!My daughter and I went all the way from Virginia to visit Rim Cafe. We arrived on Saturday morning and the cafe opens at 12:00 PM. We walked for an hour in the neighborhood until it opened. We were greeted by a very nice lady then Rene came. He was singing and playing the drums. We felt at home and walked around as if we have been in the cafe before. Rene gave us to taste a round cake ball that was so good. My daughter had the volcano hot chocolate and she loved it. I'm not much of a hot chocolate person but i had a taste and could drink the whole cup. I ordered Capacinno and it was so good. We took pictures with Rene and hung around for a while. He gave us a taste of a salami chocolate which is chocolate that looks like Salami. The trip was worth it and I would definitely drive back just to go to Rim cafe.Phil is great! We have used him twice (so far will keep using him) and he is reasonable and timely. We got apple wood first and then a mix...i am so happy i don't have to lug firewood! All wood comes in blue ikea totes...easy peasy!One word: GO!!!!
This place is spectacular! I swear that Rene sold his soul to the devil to make coffee creations like this... Or maybe he is the Devil? :)Wow! I had won a gift certificate for this place in 2012 and just got around to going yesterday. I wish I hadn't waited that long! This place is great!!! I had an Espresso Volcano and my friend had the Spice Caramel Volcano and we each had a canolli. Everything was so delicious. The atmosphere of this place is so unique and fun. The owner is hilarious and definitely "made it happen" for us yesterday. Don't be a fool, check this place out!Chocolate galore. I think the best part about this place is Rene. He is so welcoming and entertaining. Order the fancy chocolate drinks if you're looking for a show. Keep in mind that if you like overly sweet drinks/desserts then this will not be the place for you. Basically whatever you order will be layers and layers of sugar. Their coffee is pretty good as well. Consider sharing a specialty drink because it will definitely be overwhelming to say the least.The most delicious Cappuccino I have ever tasted in my entire life.  A Hot Chocolate Volcano drink that makes you weak in your knees.  Rene.  Need I say more?  This place ROCKS and Rene really knows how to "make it happen."MAKE IT HAPEEEENNNNNNN!!!! 
Rene is one of the most unbelievable amazing phenomenal personalities you will ever meet. He will give you a show from the minute you walk in the door to the minute you leave. This place is one of the most entertaining place you can probably go. 
Now with that being said let's talk about the food. I have been around the world several times when I was in the military and I've eaten different types of chocolates and I've had different types of coffees and let me tell you what when you have some of his chocolate or his chocolate volcano or one of his cannolis or even one of his chocolates that have fruit in them it will positively blow your mind. His coffee is probably no correction is the best coffee I've ever had in my entire life.
This place has the whole solution for a night of fun. Great music entertaining host and entertaining hostess with amazing chocolate and coffee. If you go anywhere in your life before you die make sure its this place. 
Add them to your bucket list.By far one of the most unique places that serves sweet and savory drinks open late and has very particular cocktails with caffeine and non caffeinated options. If you wanted to die by chocolate or sugar overload this is my highest recommended place to date!finally was able to check this place out this past weekend. everytime we passed by this place or called it was closed. only got the original hot chocolate. very pricey, $7.50 for about a regular cup size. but it was very rich and delish, i think rene  (owner) used about 4 to 5 different kind of choco (truffle, parmesan, can't remember the other)
it was a weird atmosphere that night, to me at least. there were about 5-7 other people, couple of them were streaming opera/band concerts on you tube. owner is pretty fun and kinda annoying at the same time "make it happen" i suppose is his phrase, he kept saying it like every 2-3 minutes! i kid you not!!
cool to watch him make the drink on top of the chocolate platform and shave all the different kind of chocolate in your drink! plus he sings and played the bongo after. 
this place is very eclectic, lots of souvenirs everywhere in the cafe. kinda bothers me how rene's bike was in the cafe, unsanitary! 
i probably will only come back here and get my drink to go, if i'm craving rich, chocolatey hot choco.
lots of drink you can try here, if your willing to shell out $$!!
sabrina's make a pretty good hot choco too, only avail at certain times.Rene provides you with an incredibly unique and delicious experience. The salty caramel hot chocolate was awesome! We also received a surprise dessert for my wife's birthday. This place is a must visit in Philly.Wow...
Is there any more to say?  Hot chocolate volcano was piping hot,  decadent,  frothy,  and super satisfying. I'd been meaning to stop by since there were so many raving reviews,  and I was not disappointed!  While waiting, I saw that there was a fresh batch of chocolate pistachio truffles being made,  so I picked one up.  Dark chocolate truffle with pistachio pieces on the outside. In addition, I tried the classic cannoli and pumpkin pecan truffle.  The cannoli was so delicious that even as I write this review, I'm salivating, just thinking about it!
The pumpkin pecan truffle was my least favorite because it was too decadent and buttery tasting.  Also, while I was impressed by the variety of good quality chocolate and Rene's chocolate knowledge, I just wasn't into the vibe inside.
Great place to pick up, take out, and enjoy, but not so great to hang out in, especially at night.So confused as to how this place has such high ratings...
First of all, I am a chocolate fiend, so I don't mind paying the high price tag when it comes to good chocolate, so when I found out this place was $8-$15 per cup of hot chocolate, I was ready to be amazed with some chocolatey goodness in my mouth.
It starts with the owner, which I assume his name is Rene, and he is a very pleasant person who clearly enjoys what he does. He sits you and makes a small show for you while he makes your hot chocolate, and explains each block of chocolate he's using. 
So why the 2 stars? Because the hot chocolate itself wasn't that amazing... it tasted more like milk than chocolate. Secondly, right after he made our cup with his BARE hands, he went out of his counter and sat and talked to some ladies... and TICKLED THEIR FEET with the SAME BARE hands he used to make the hot chocolate. So at that point, all I could taste was FEET. 
If you are willing to sacrifice hygiene and your money for overpriced drinks to be in the company of a pleasant owner, then this place is for you.  As for me, I will not be returning.If you are reading this to see where to go for real hot chocolate made from melted chocolate, stop reading and get going to 1172 S. 9th street.  This place is awesome. A Chocoholics dream.  Took my family. We had tried another "hot chocolate" place that many say is the best at making real chocolate hot chocolate. You will find them in the Yelp listings with many stars.  I'm going to tell you there is no contest.  The Rim Cafe wins hands down!  A little pricey but the taste is worth it!  Very eclectic decor.  Felt nice and cozy on cold night.  They need better signage.  Walked right by the place.  May be switch to some very simple signage to contrast the Genos steaks across the street which lights up the entire area. That makes it hard to see this low lit funky place.  Parking stinks, but that is life in south Philly, so suck it up and enjoy.   It is not near where we live, but we will be going back.  DON'T MISS OUT ON THIS PLACE.LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! I'm very lucky because I live right down the street from RIM and can go there anytime I want. Rene is awesome and makes the best chocolate and coffee around. If you like your coffee watered down, burnt, flavorless, and hidden under syrups and powders then go somewhere else. This man is a artiest and connoisseur of the coco and coffee beans. Yes the prices aren't dirt cheap but for the quality and experience of the ingredients and Rene it's worth every penny. Anyone who has a bad word about the place has been brought up on Starbucks and doesn't know quality when they taste it.Must have dessert bar after visiting Geno's Steak House and Pat's Steak House. OMG, what a great find. Hot chocolate is lovingly created by the owner that loves what he does. The Cannoli's are filled fresh to order. Looks like they have live music on occasion also. Don't miss out on this experience.Not sure I can add much more info to the plethora of reviews here, aside to further confirm that this is the best espresso experience in the city by a mile.  nothing comes close.  
part of me thinks its proximity to the least inspired corner of philly (genos/pats bermuda triangle) is both a blessing and a curse.  i think most people wouldnt look twice at Rim, as, from the outside, it looks like maybe another 2 star pizza joint or hanging-on-by-a-thread italian restaurant.  but on the other hand, if this was opened near rittenhouse or nolibs, it probably wouldve been over-exposed by yuppies or hipster or yupsters or yippies or whatever by now.  i think part of the charm is that I walked by it a hundred times before ever giving it a shot, and even then, only on the advice of a neighbor.   might not make Rene a rich man, but if you go in there youll see pretty quickly that thats not his raison d'etre.I absolutely LOVE LOVE this place! The owner Rene welcomed my friend and I with open arms and a big smile on his face. We told him it was our first time here and he told us he was going to "make it happen and be a magical experience" and boy,  it was! We ordered the 5$ special drinks, the salted caramel latte and the iced hot chocolate. My friend and I were in love! It was the best chocolate ever! Very decadent and smooth. 
And to top it off, Rene gave us two free dark chocolate truffles! It was heaven! 
People may think it is a bit pricey but personally it was worth it with the delicious homemade chocolate as well as Rene's company. Rene is not like any other owner, he is personable and will entertain you throughout the whole night!
I am definitely coming back with my girlfriends here!This is the best place to go to in Philly whether you live there or if you are visiting. The atmosphere is almost indescribable.  It is small but beyond cozy. Rene, the owner, is the friendliest person. He has such a big personality. My friend and I got the volcano drink on ice. Watching Rene make the drinks and tasting all the different chocolates was amazing. He explains what he is doing while making the drinks. He has bongos inside there he will play for you too. I can not say enough good things about Rim Cafe. My friends and I fell in love with the place. Just make sure you have cash since it is cash only. You will not be disappointed if you go here!!!!The RIM goes way beyond your average coffee shop everything needs to be tried sincerely greatest coffee shop everThe guy who runs this joint is a character. Go there on a quiet afternoon and just hang out with him.
Oh, and the hot chocolate is delicious. I don't even like chocolate and it's good.I've been following Rene, the owner, on The Rim Cafe's Facebook page for months, watched the videos of him making his delicious chocolate creations,and finally got here today!  Rene is a unique and loving individual who makes you feel so welcome!  I ordered the Salty Caramel Volcano Hot Chocolate.  It was magnificent.  My husband just wanted a cappuccino, but even THAT was extraordinary! Where else can you get marscapone artfully gracing the top of your cup??? 
I highly recommend this as a wonderful night cap after a night out with friends or your special someone.  Rene will "make it happen!"Last night after a group of business colleagues and myself finished devouring a cheese-steak at the brightly lit Geno's, we were looking for a place that served Italian desserts. As we dutifully searched Google and various others apps on our iPhones and Droids, I glanced down the street and noted the RIM Cafe. The sign for Lavazza was in the window that grabbed my attention (Lavazza is great coffee from Italy.)
We entered this little shop and were very pleasantly surprised. The theme from the Godfather was playing as we made our way indoors. We were the only four guests at that time and received what was a memorable and attentive experience.
We met Spiro at the counter who welcomed us to his business and proceeded to tell us about their menu and items for sale. We learned about their delicious version of a hot chocolate called The Volcano. When I say to you that this was the best hot chocolate I ever had in my life, I am not exaggerating. I nearly shook with delight as this sweet chocolaty dessert was masterfully prepared for us.
As the melted chocolate concoction was poured in the glass, it was place onto a lazy Susan known as the Wheel of Chocolate. Yum. Next to that was a another wheel with several types of handmade chocolates ranging from semi-sweet, to dark, white chocolate, and a chocolate with Parmesan infused in it. Spiro then shaved at least six ir seven types of chocolates on top of the drink. Then, as if that wasn't chocolate, he then drizzled some hot melted chocolate sauce on top.
Is it possible to experience a chocolate inspired nirvana? I believe the answer to that question is a resounding yes. The notes of sweet, savory, and succulent chocolate and other tasty accouterments made an inspired drink into a phenomenal dessert of its own unique merit. I swear I had tears in my eyes as I experienced my chocolate bliss. 
One person in my group and I also got to sample a Syphoned coffee. This was a very unique and precision based way of making a deep,rich Italian espresso coffee. Rather that a traditional drip method, this used a method that looked like a chemistry experiment by boiling water at the bottom of a glass globe that turned to steam and rose above to consummate its love with espresso above, all drifting down to a hot brewed, delight. I normally don't drink my coffee black, but made an exception. The coffee was dark,full bodied, and delicious.
Our experience at RIM Cafe was amazing. We were the only customers present and Spiro was really friendly and down-to-earth. I really enjoyed the desserts and will visit again anytime I am in Philadelphia. If you love chocolate and people who are knowledgeable and passionate about, you simply must come to South Philly and visit the RIM Cafe.
Bravo and Gratzia!Amazing experience that's for sure. Super fun and interesting vibes. A little tough to order for your first time but the staff is super friendly in helping you out. Fresh chocolate what's better then that.Fabulous coffee....Rene is wonderful. And the chocolate.....oh my god!  Tried syphoned coffee.....love it!Hot chocolate tasted like water.  I thought the place was cheesy and gimmicky but maybe you'll enjoy the show.  Maybe you'll be drunk like everyone else outside genos and won't notice the difference.
*The reason I  call it a show is because he shaves several different chocolates onto your cup on a spinning plate.  Half the chocolate ends up on the plate and what ends up in the cup is barely a tablespoon that I barely tasted.Amazing experience!! Rene and Belle provide a unique atmosphere and a great evening!  Best kept secret in Philly.  The ingredients are fresh and the highest quality.  Every drink is a tasty masterpiece .  ( I've been there enough now that I've tried them all.)  After just a few visits you feel like family.  Don't expect a $2 coffee but I am happy to pay for the quality and love and care Rene and Belle put in every cup.  
If your looking for a boring old cup of coffee or hit chocolate this may not be the place for you.  If you want an experience Rim is the place for you!  Make it happen!!The drinks and sweets are ok, they are way over priced however.  Go to termini for conolis, seriously they are amazing.so yummie!  I have been here a few times with my mom and my husband  took me here for dessert on Valentines.
Rene is so much fun! 
my mother put it right when she said that the hot chocolate  (we get the basic one because it is so $$$)  is like hot pudding- we mean that in the best possible way- delicious.
on valentines day, Rene comped my drink - saying that ladies  should all get free chocolate on that day - so i got a salted caramel- to die for.  hubby had a hot chocolate and espresso- he liked his coffee better but i figured he would.
i had a great truffle on a prettily decorated plate. I ate it slowly.
my only wish is that the TVs and music we a bit more muted.Great hot chocolate (a little pricey) that's paired with a fun unique experience! I'll admit, I walked by this place once, and dismissed it due to the funky decor and mismatched decorations. But another occasion brought me back on recommendation of a couple of friends, and we had a blast! Rene, the owner, has a 'make it happen!' attitude (and motto) and brightens up the place! There's music, live drumming by Rene himself, and a giant wheel that he shaves chocolate off of to flavor the base of his hot cocoas. 
Definitely a fun place to hang out for the night, and lots of stuff to talk about if you take a date!I found myself in Philadelphia once again today in advance of some work related training this week. After my last wonderful experience at RIM Cafe, I just had to go back. And I am so glad that I did!
Not only did I get to enjoy another sumptuous Volcano, but I got to meet Rene in person! What a marvelous man Rene is, so passionate about his business, his customers, and his craft. I also got to enjoy a RIM Cafe exclusive, a Caramel Macchiato in a Cone!! This was culinary wizardry at its best, so simplistic yet so magnificent! Imagine taking espresso, cream, and making it into a macchiato inside of a chocolate dipped ice cream cone, then drizzled with caramel and wonderful chocolate! To die for!!
"Make it happen!" as Rene says! Another awesome visit for me and the four other guests who were there.
Rene, Merci beaucoup mon ami!!This is the best hot chocolate spot I've ever been in! They make hot chocolate with actual chocolate bricks, and the customer service is phenomenal!!! The owner is Mr. Let's Make it Happen and he is so much fun!!!!! I'd recommend this place for everyone to visit at least once in your life!SWEEEEEEEEEEEEEET lawdy this place is amazing. Havent been there in a long time, surely too long. This place has left a memorable impression off just one visit years ago.I cannot believe it has taken me so long to write about my good friend Rene the alchemist. 
I feel like I am family with this man. On my first trip his friend suggested we sit at the bar, but for us to be careful because we might get messy. We had volcanos and they were sublime. He took the most beautiful pics of us and told us to go home and check facebook. 
The second time I brought my mom, he gave us free truffles and hugs and kisses when we left. 
The third time, I brought my friend Toni, Rene came out from the counter to hug and kiss me. It was actually chilly out so I had my first HOT beverage. Rene also concocted this amazing buttery peanutty creamy soup like beverage over coals it was ohhhhhhhhh my goooodddd. 
Which brings us to Rene and his Rene-isms. He is quite the character with his HERE WE GOOOOOOOOOO, I'm gonna make it happennnnnnnnnn, and many more. 
Rene actually offered his space for my birthday and was a most gracious host. 
He is an amazing alchemist of coffee and chocolate, two of my favorite things. He is also a most generous host welcoming you into his cafe of chocolate!Chocolate parmesan cheese.  Don't scowl, just try it.  How do you know you don't like it if you never tried it?  Guarantee you will crave it.  Then there's the salted caramel anything.  I dare you to only go there ONCE!The hot cocoa selection is the best in the city, but the flavor just wasn't there.  All sizzle, no substance.  I liked the weird interior of the place, and the staff was very helpful.  Also great chocolates and truffles in the display case, and fun walking around outside afterwardHoly shitting dick nipples, are you people fucking serious?! I see good review after good review but not one person will state the obvious: the prices are outrageous. Absolutely insane...I stumbled upon Rim while walking back from Geno's. This place is beyond amazing. The owner, Rene is a gregarious happy man.  While he was artfully preparing my drink, he was talking to my boyfriend and I about his view on life and his older age. He is very optimistic, and it is very obvious that he enjoys creating his artistic drinks and making his customers happy. In addition to having such a cool owner, the drinks are outta this world...I swear, and this is coming from a former barista! 
I decided on a Raspberry Iced Cappucino (the picture outside drew me in!).  I sat and watched Rene make drink and I was in awe. After pouring the espresso into the cup, he followed it with the raspberry mix, and a chocolate bridge. He then very skillfully, poured the cappuccino milk and topped it off with a honey drizzle, and garnished with pistachios. It was amazing. It was so pretty I really didn't want to drink it. But I did. The flavors were great together, and the milk was creamy; it wasn't just poured milk in there like most places that say they make em are.
After devouring that in less than 3 minutes, I decided to try something else. Rene recommended I try the Tea Cappucino and I agreed. Again it was just as amazing. I loved it here so much, I made the bf take me and the bff here that same night! We ordered the lovers drink and Rene gave us some delightful truffles to enjoy with our drinks.  I have been thinking about this place ever since I left Philly...I wish there was a Rim Café here in the bay area. *sigh* I'll just have to wait til I head to the east coast again. Til next time, Rim Café!Rim Cafe was nice enough to accommodate a group of 8 of us for Yelp Book Club, so I thought I should write a review immédiatement. The space is nice and cozy-- not the cleanest, but it certainly has its charm. A piano is perched in the corner with all sorts of crap stacked on top of it, a huge wall mirror helps the claustrophobic folks feel more at ease, and a fake fireplace looks fitting yet out of place, a few feet away from a pile of computers. The same Randy Newman song played on the speakers, juxtaposed against French tv in the top front corner of the bar. The bathroom wasn't the cleanest, but despite the eccentric mess going on in this place...I just can't knock off any stars off my 5, because this place is unique and just plain damn charming.
I thought $6.50 was a steep price to pay for tea (note to Rene: update your website prices) but the taste assured me I was getting a deal. It was the best tea I've ever tasted. The dried apple ring garnish was the perfect touch, and I would've greedily dumped the pieces of dried cranberries and raisins at the bottom of my glass into my mouth if I was alone, but I decided to be somewhat civilized amidst company. I got a rooibus cappucino to go-- the perfect caffeine-free finish to a wonderful taste experience. 
The owner takes his time making the beverages, but I assure you, it's well worth the wait. Just choose to embrace the Randy Newman, and remember to take Rene up on his multiple yet endearing requests to become a fan of Rim Cafe on Facebook.1 star since I biked all the way across town to check this place out on a recommendation only to find that they were closed. This was around 9 pm on a Tuesday. Which happens to fall well within their normal operating period (6-12). What kind of legitimate business is just randomly closed with no indication during their stated business hours.sit down and enjoy the show.  rene is such an entertainer and his drinks are great.  i love taking people here who have no heard of RIM and watching the look on their faces when rene starts working his magic.Beautifully crafted Cappuccino and Hot Chocolates that shatter the genre. I had been stopping by there for a quick cup of coffee for a few years, always entertained by the hilarious and joyful owner, Rene. But it wasn't until recently that I realized how incredible he was at his craft. If you're in the Italian Market make sure to stop in.What a find! Got a gift certificate and was forced to check it out. 
From the outside, it looks super divey and I probably wouldn't have ever gone inside. The inside will keep you busy for hours just checking out all of the decorations. Obviously, my husband and I had to order their famous Volcano. He got the dark chocolate one and I got the salted caramel. Both were absolutely delicious and rich. 
The best part though is the owner. With his catchphrases and enthusiasm for his job, you can't help but have a good time. He makes your drinks right in front of you on his fancy lazy Susan. He describes everything he does and what he puts into the drinks. Who knew getting a hot chocolate would be such an experience.
Absolutely recommend this as a great after dinner spot and place to make the night last a little longer.Alright. So the place is totally wacky and the dude behind the counter, who I assume by everyone else posting is a man by the name of Rene, is equally as funny. 
The prices are a little too high for me but the volcano definitely was delicious. I recommend it if you wanna drop dough on a good hot chocolate. I still prefer hot chocolate from Sazon on Spring Garden and Naked Chocolate (all over the city but the main one at 13th & Walnut is the one I frequent).
For South Philly, there may not be as many options for coffee and hot chocolate so it does get good business, especially on crowded days.
I would only come back here if I stumbled upon it with a craving, but not something I'd seek. This is definitely a place I was disappointed in after reading so much about it on Yelp.If you're in the area, especially as a visitor to Philly, you have to drop in to this place. The owner/operator, Rene, is a total gas. He's hilarious and quirky and totally devoted to his craft. His larger than life personality makes itself known as soon as you enter the shop. The entire place is festooned with the most eccentric variety of furniture and decor that I have ever seen, and it fits the overall experience perfectly.
This isn't the type of place where I would stop in regularly for a coffee, but it is a must visit, at least once. The prices are a bit high, but you're paying for a fun and memorable experience, as much as an espresso or hot chocolate (it's actually really delicious, and, protip: you can order it "iced", which basically turns the concoction into the best possible version of chocolate milk).No one does what Rene does.  
I don't want to spoil too much for you.  Just go, order a hot chocolate and a few truffles, sit and enjoy the excellence.
Who cares about the price? You will be experiencing something that no one else can experience in the city, you can't go to three other spots and find what RIM has, there's only one, and it's worth every dime.
You'll be a regular.  I promise.I went to this place last night with a friend and I was in utter shock. Rene was awesome and so nice, he really knows how to "MAKE IT HAPPEN". This place is awesome if your looking to steer away from the typical Max Brenner or Naked Chocolate, both which I have been to. If you want a unique, worthwhile experience, and don't mind your picture being taken for the website, I would suggest you "make it happen"!This is the best hot chocolate I've ever had! Happy Valentine's Day to everyone. Everyone who comes here gets a free display. I would tell you all about it, but then I would be taking all the fun away!mmmmmmm  rim cafe rules. i was excited to see they just got draft coffee ! they use good products and have delicious sweets"Make It Happen!"
Not what we expected but a very cool and interesting experience. The place is dark and decorated with a mishmash of items... including the photos in the bathroom! 
Rene is awesome, his boisterous and quirky personality is reason enough to go but the Volcano Hot chocolate was well made with the perfect consistency, not too thick or thin. However the Cannoli ($6) was ok, the ricotta filling  was a little too thin  for our liking but the shell was good as was the multiple chocolate shavings Rene saves fresh right onto your plate.
Then Rene takes photos of you (he even poses you) and posts them on the Rim Cafe Facebook page... he actually takes a great photo!Warning: Not for the socially anxious. Unless you're trying to get over your social anxiety. Then it's perfect.
The boyfriend and I stopped by a few weekends ago in pursuit of hot chocolate.  Our drinks and cannoli were pretty tasty, but Rene is really what sets this place apart. He'll talk to you, take pictures (with props!), describe what he's adding to your cannoli and hot chocolate as he's adding it, and yell things like "make it happen!" when you least expect it. Also, the walls are plastered in photos and there's a motorcycle in the middle of the cafe.  Let me know if you figure out why.If you're looking for a unique experience and the world's greatest hot chocolate then you have to go to the Rim Café. 
I've been to the Rim on several occasions with my husband, and even featured it on my wedding website, but after a horrible dinner experience and not being able to get a dessert for my nephew on his big night out on the town; Rene and the Rim saved our evening.
My nephew was in awe of the décor and intrigued by the French-man Rene and his jovial attitude. Furthermore, he was super impressed to learn that Rene and his café were featured on the Food Network - his parents are foodies and watches that channel all the time - on the show Sugar High. 
While Rene prepared his famous volcano hot chocolate my nephew's eyes grew wide as he watched the lazy-susan spin. The glass rotated slowly as Rene poured in his special blend of handcrafted liquefied chocolate heaven over homemade whipped cream. Next he selected a variety of his special homemade chocolates just for my nephew and shaved them into the spinning glass of molten chocolate. Thrilled and excited to try this special concoction my nephew grabbed it with both hands and slowly sipped The Volcano. "World's Best Hot Chocolate," he exclaimed.
Rene made my nephew's evening super special and treated him like a star. The following day when I asked my nephew what his favorite part of the evening was he told me the hot chocolate and asked when he could go back for more. I told him that I will take him to the Rim for a Volcano every time he comes to visit.So here's the thing, I don't drink coffee. So even though I've lived one block from this place for over 5 years, I've never wandered in. And then one day for some unknown reason I was laying in the tub and I had a vision of me drinking coffee in there. So I got out of the tub, got dressed and wandered over and walked in. I had no idea what to expect. I wasn't even sure if this was a real store at first. From the outside it's kind of dark and there are pictures and various artifacts in the windows and in this neighborhood that could mean a crazy person inhabits the place.
Well, I soon discovered that's kind of true but in a really good way. Rene, the owner/operator is a mad genius and he's far from traditional. Which only makes the charm of this place even greater. I walked in and he looked over to me and called me over and said "How can we make it happen for you?!". I sat down and told him I had once had this coffee concoction that was kind of like hot chocolate. I asked if he could make something similar. He smiled and proceeded to build me the most complex drink I had ever seen with layers of chocolate, coffee, caramel, cream.. I don't even know what he was doing at times but I can say it was the best coffee I'd ever drunk in my life.
But what made my experience so wonderful (and why I come back often) is that Rene is the best host ever. He will sit and talk to you about anything and when others come in he immediately makes them smile with coffee, snacks, music. Whatever.  
Go here. Get some coffee and and amazing cannoli from his pastry chef assistant (who is an artist in her own way) and sit down and just fall out of the city and into a special little corner of the world that is built for escape.Came here on the first Sunday of November at around 9pm to the sound of a roaring deep laughter that I would eventually heavily associate with the persona of this heavily bipolar establishment.  RIM Cafe is a small cafe serving coffee, hot chocolate, and an assortment of italian desserts including truffles ($2) and cannolis ($8).  I ordered the Volcano ($7), a hot chocolate drink consisting of whipped cream, thick hot chocolate, and a wild assortment of toppings that Rene, the store owner, gleefully puts on.  Indeed, he made the drink on a gigantic block of rotating chocolate, as he shaved on chocolate pieces off other pieces of chocolate he has lying on the counter, drizzled chocolate and caramel syrup all over the drink, and finally placed more whipped cream on the top - at each stage singing and shaking his head and finger as he tells us the show is not over yet!  Mid-show he gets so excited about his caramel sauce that he insists on all of us holding out our hands so that he can give each of us a sampling, which arouses a concurring satisfying grumble of approval from the crowd.  At first impression Rene is a man who does what he pleases, and what he pleases is to delight the world with his chocolate show, although arguably the show is his charisma and the chocolate is the accompaniment.  But you've only yet seen one side of this establishment thus far.  
On the other side is Belle, a great woman who exudes the same enthusiasm for RIM Cafe as Rene, but with a more mellow appeal as she goes on and on about the delicious cream filling she made for the cannolis and the experimental truffles she made - maple syrup flavored, hummus flavored, blueberry flavored, and so on.  She goes on to explain how to make it, and how on a trip to France she went to a maple syrup museum and just simply decided that she wanted to make a truffle that is maple syrup flavored.  Her spontaneity mirrors that of Rene, who at this point simply walks out of the door with a happy cadence.  Between her desserts and Rene's chocolate/coffee show is the physical demeanor of the cafe, which further reflects the bipolarity of Rene and Belle's personalities.  Posters and random pictures everywhere, a random drum set, curtains hanging in odd positions, and a plush couch and tables covered with random splatterings of chocolate shavings and cannoli creme.  RIM cafe barely qualifies at a cafe at this point but its welcoming vibe, Andrea Boccelli music, and hearty laugh nonetheless make it an establishment worth kicking back at as you let these two and their concoctions melt your stress away.This was a great afternoon.   I was looking for a place to sit and get some work done on a Friday afternoon, and this place was recommended by my son who lives in South Philly.    Wow!   This is my new home away from home....
Rene is the consummate host, and the cappuccino was off the charts.   Free wireless, no pressure, and I have been working for several hours here and am thinking about skipping dinner with my family and just eating something scrumptous here....
Check this place out - you will love it!Hot chocolate is spectacular, and the whole experience is a treat.  Seems crazy to spend this kind of money on a hot chocolate--until you try it, and you understand.Rene is the man!!!! No one, and I do mean NO ONE in Philly makes a better hot chocolate then he! Haha...it's always lively here, he makes his own chocolates, cannolis, etc all himself, has been featured on Food Network, and Duff Goldman himself came to visit and loves Rene! He's always in a great mood, loves his customers, and likes to shout "Make it Happen!" as he makes you the tastiest drin k on the face of this earth! A true gem of a place. So stop sitting here, and go already!!!Underwhelmed.  Really looking forward to going here based on the reviews.  I hardly ever write negative reviews, but I don't think the $8 basic hot chocolate was worth it.  There was nothing mind-blowing at all.  Why put the whipped cream on the bottom?  Even our 10 and 12 year olds were not impressed.  The cannoli at $9 seemed overpriced, but we did not try any of the treats or chocolates, which looked good.  The place has a nice kitschy Italian vibe and the owner was enthusiastic, but the marketing seems better than the product.  How I miss Naked Chocolate on Walnut.  That was awesome hot chocolate!Even though we came at 10 pm on a Sunday and Rene wasn't there, we had a great time chatting with the lady who was behind the counter. She made our Iced Hot Chocolate and chocolate coffee drink on that big spinning chocolate wheel, telling us about the different types of homemade chocolate as she shaved them into our cups. She made each drink look beautiful and it was very fun to watch! I would consider these drinks as a dessert at a fancy restaurant-- the quality and experience are worth paying $10.00. That being said, I'm not sure if I would have been as happy to do it without the awesome $15 for $25 deal they were offering on yelp at the time! That got us two drinks and two truffles. Sweet! (HA). The drinks were very yummy and rich, and i enjoyed mine down to the bits of chocolate in the bottom of the glass. Overall, it's a fun experience and quite tasty. Definitely worth going there for a special occasion or to satisfy a serious chocolate craving. Afterwards I felt a bit overwhelmed by the sweetness, but that might also be because I downed it at an alarming rate. I wish I were a local so I could go again!Best iced volcano hot chocolate I've had! Worth the $5.00 as it came with African dark chocolate shavings which is 80% cocoa. Also ordered some chocolate truffles to go between the pistachio milk chocolate and the hazelnut dark chocolate truffles, the dark is my favorite and I will definitely be going back for more. It had just the right amount of bitter cocoa and sweet taste to it with a bit of crunch! The pistachio one was a little too sweet for me, but if milk chocolate is your thing, you should go for it.So I came back. 2 more times since my last review. I had guests and brought them here. Last night, I wanted to try something else, the magnum 80% dark hot chocolate. The lady at the register said "I recommend for you to try the Lava first." And so I did even though I told her I like bitter drinks. It was still too sweet for me. I was craving for a bitter hot chocolate.  It wasn't what I was looking for. I regretted spending $$ for that.
4 stars because Rene is just always a treat.I love this place, but it is definitely pricey. 10+ for hot chocolate of many varieties, but it is amazing!!! It's so chocolately. The owner is such a friendly and funny guy. The decor is very cozy and funky. This place is really unique.The best hot chocolate I have ever had. We came upon this gem of a place after being disappointed by Pat's and Geno's. Skip the Philly cheesesteak and head here!I'm not quite sure why there's such love for RIM.  It certainly has its good points - Rene is awesome, and the hot chocolate is great.  Oh, and there's jazz on some Saturday afternoons.  But a straight cup of coffee is terrible, and the environment - with its large-screen television, occasionally a movie playing on an additional computer monitor, and weird recorded chirping bird noises - is distracting and annoying. It might be nice for the occasional visit, but as a regular cafe where one might get your basic cup of coffee and read a book, it's not worth the trouble.RIM cafe is a little slice of heaven! Rene and Belle are truely wonderful people!! I can't really explain how much I love this place, theres just too much to say, but seriously a place you must go when in Philly.If you're in Philly this is a must!!! The best peanut butter hot chocolate EVER. You're coming here for an experience. The owner is so gracious and entertaining. All kinds of chocolate that you won't believe. Yum yum yum!!At the Rim Cafe - it's always about LOVE, PASSION, and FUN!  Three years ago I stopped in on whim, and haven't stopped talking about this place since.
Whenever I bring friends here - we always leave with the same feeling - a feeling of joy, renewal and energy. We are not sure if it's the hot chocolate that gets us dancing, or if it's the positive spirit and bongo-playing of chocolatier Rene.  One thing is for sure -anything can happen when you are in this place!  Rene is innovative and always trying something new; just bring your smile and Rene will make sure you MAKE IT HAPPEN!While in Philly on a business trip, I heard a  lot about the RIM Cafe. They been featured on a national food show so how could I not check this place out? 
Well, gotta tell you, it was definitely worth the visit. I had the BEST hot chocolate I have ever had in my life! Smooth, ever so slightly rich and creamy and absolutely wonderful.
Now that being said, don't be afraid to walk in to this dark little cafe with little colored string lights and funky decorations of everything from foreign currency and photos of classic international film stars taped to the ceiling to cameras to teapots hanging from the ceiling to vintage shoes in the window. 
That being said, the owner was there to personally prepare the decadant delight and I got to watch the whole process which is a show to behold, with freshly grated chocolate being shaved over the top of the glass mug.
I highly recommend the RIM if you're in Philly!Rene will "make it happen" for you. He takes a lot of pride in what he makes and you can tell he really enjoys what he does.
If you are lucky he will offer up some words of wisdom to you.I was amazed at how amazing the chocolates are here and the coffee drinks.... Nothing else in Philly even comes close! Definitely check this one out you'll be pleased you didA gem among the many (very) pizza and sub joints found throughout the neighborhood. RIM offers some of the most interesting concoctions I've ever seen. The shop has a unique atmosphere that is hard to describe but it feels comfortable and welcoming despite the dim lighting. Rene is such a gracious host who genuinely loves his customers, which only enhances the experience. 
The drinks are a bit on the pricey side but considering all that goes into them and the effort that Rene puts into crafting each one, I'd say they are fairly priced. After having him 'Surprise Me' with a mixture of coffee, white chocolate and raspberry (and something else, I couldn't hear him say what), I don't think anyone can make it happen quite like Rene. 
The chocolate creations are also phenomenal... my favorite was the chocolate-covered bacon that one of his employees whipped up for me but his truffles are by far the best I have ever had. 
While some might shy away from the dark interior and loud music, I highly suggest that anyone try it once as they might be surprised at what they will find there and I am sure that they will not be disappointed.Rene is a God amongst mere coffee shop owners. He will magically create your drink in front of you with singing and yelling, spinning and fancy pouring, and will chat you up all the while. He'll probably take pictures of you, and you'll wonder whats going on, and then he'll send them to you on Facebook and they'll be the best pics of yourself youve ever seen. The ambiance is just amazing, the drinks and chocolates are amazing, and it completely exemplifies the word unique. And yet, even at the mellow pace of an artisan, I was in one time when a group of 25 people on a city food tour came in and asked for 25 volcanoes (hot chocolates) and, without blinking, turned and yelled out "I'm-a gonna make it happen!". Just perfect.Oh my god the chocolate... trust the staff, they won't steer you wrong.  Thats all you need to know have fun and enjoy the show, there is one.Every single time. 5 stars for sheer heaven. 
Belle is a wonderful addition, kind, personable, and a hell of a pastry chef.Fun. Warm. Welcoming. Delicious. Original. Art.    Rene is the BEST!  Each drink and dessert is a one-of-a-kind masterpiece full of love, decadence and style.  I couldn't recommend this place more.  Make it happen!Great place!! You have to try on e of the house hot chocolates. The chocolate fudge with pistacchio and the cuban capuchino! FantasticBest cafe, dessert that I have ever had in my entire life...
The owner is such a big deal lol he pretty much did a show for us while making the drinks....
Love love love this place and try to go everytime I go to PhillyThis place is definitely a little out of the ordinary so it's worth the stop in. The other reviews are spot on that this place has amazing hot chocolate. It was REALLY good and I loved all the chocolate shavings that go with it. The prices are higher than what you might expect to pay for these drinks but it's a nice treat to have so splurge a little, why don't cha?even for south philly, which is full of eccentric folks, RIM stands out as unique. you're unlikely to find anything quite like it.Ridiculously decadent hot chocolate and mochas. Their espresso is pretty tasty, too (LavAzza). The super sweet barista must have put at least 3, if not more, different kinds of shaved chocolate on top of my drink. 
I am one of the unfortunate few to never have sampled their baked goods (my mother would disown me if I ever passed-up a cannoli, so I take it that since they've been sold-out whenever I'm in is a sign that their food is delicious). 
Like Kristin H. mentions in her review, it always looks like it's closed from the outside. Just push (shove!) the door open. Jazz musicians chillin' and playin' while I was last there...added to the atmosphere.I'm new to Philly so was checking out for some coffee shops in the center city area. RIM cafe was on the top of the list with excellent reviews and I really wanted to check out if thats really true as I havent seen such amazing reviews for any coffee shop ever.  
I wasnt fooled!! The Lavazza, Volcanos and machiatos are simply out of the world!! Also, it was a pleasure meeting "Here We Go" Don Rene' Corleone. Hes such a wonderful person who loves what hes doing.
Though I dont live in the city, I wouldnt mind dirivng down quite often to RIM cafe!! I highly recommend...This place is great for a first date.  The interesting atmosphere gives your plenty to talk about and Rene is always "making it happen."   
As for drinks, their Nutty Volcano is amazing!  Rene does a little show for you as he pours the drink and garnishes it with delicious homemade chocolate.  This is definately a must stop if you're in South Philly.
Only downside to this place is the price of the drinks.  That's the only thing that keeps me from going every night for some hot cocoa, but that's probably a good thing.Best cannoli in the city. Not only are the desserts great but the coffees and hot choc are the best. But what makes this place unique is the owner Renee   He puts on a show with every thing he makes.  He says he doesn't have customers only friends.  Great place for dessert and conversation with old and new friendsLove it! Dirty espresso volcano was incredible. Love Rene! Watching him create his luscious drinks is a unique pleasure. Awesome Parisian cafe. Superb music. Excellent choice. Great for dates and romantic encounters. Cash only.We found this place quite by accident after having Philly cheesesteaks in the neighborhood. We wandered in and the place took us by surprise right away. It is very eclectic yet comfortable. The owner and staff are very friendly and outgoing. They gave us numerous samples, of course just to hook us on their delicious desserts. We went outside and brought in the rest of our friends and all eight of us had great coffees, candies, truffles and other desserts. I would recommend something in particular but everything was just fantastic. All of us also took some delights to go.Best hot chocolate I've ever had - super fun cozy and cute atmosphere - awesome staff - you MUST use this as part of a date night in Philly!So apparently they serve coffee here? Not something I even noticed when I visited one evening--I beelined straight for the hot chocolate. RIM is, in a word, phenomenal.
I chose the lava with chocolate ganache ($10, yes, pricey, but everything is made with great attention to detail) and one of the employees set up shop on the revolving stone right in front of us. Interestingly, she put the whipped cream in first, then poured the hot chocolate on top. She then proceeded to carefully shave about four kinds of chocolate on top and drizzled more chocolate sauce on that (giving me and Jared J a taste in the meantime). I gobbled half of the drink down almost before I realized what I was doing. It was delicious and I was licking my fingers to get every last bit. 
Later, we saw Rene making the chocolate, and all I can say is that he is a wizard. He is also a hilarious man on top of that. If Rene's around, he'll make your trip worth it through sheer force of personality (but the chocolate helps, too).
Drinks aside, the shop is very small and intimate. The walls are plastered with Italian-American pop culture memorabilia and one of the Godfather movies was playing in the background. The music is all Italian love songs and it's perfect for cuddling up to your crush or your date (especially because it gets cold there in the winter). Drink up!Rim Café.  What can I really tell you?  YOU HAVE TO EXPERIENCE IT! This great coffeehouse has it all. Location, atmosphere, the best coffee beans money can buy and the chocolate, MY GOD the chocolate.  
It wouldn't be possible without René.  Every single customer gets their own individual experience.  Surprises are endless as well. You can watch him drizzle and dazzle every beverage.  Another great aspect, as if we need any more, is that most coffee shops aren't really geared to a broad audience.  Some are pretentious, some cheap, and some are downright dumps. This cozy nook caters to everyone of every age whether you want caffeine or not.  Kids can get hopped up on the decadent hot chocolates while you zip down espressos from Italy, all from the Godfather himself!
And really, where else can you get all of this as well as free (and beautiful) photos of yourself taken and posted online in minutes to share with friends?  Rim has it all. You never know what's in store, until you walk through the door....This is quite possibly the BEST cafe in Philly. The owner is truly a man who loves what he does and takes coffee art to a new level in originality and flavor combinations.  Where have you ever ordered something at a coffeeshop and the barista pulls out a blowtorch?? Well that was my experience when I ordered the creme brûlée cappuccino!  Simply amazing, velvety, sweet and belly-warming, perfect drink for the winter.  
Iced coffee French style is shaken with the perfect amount of cream and sugar, leaving it frothy at the top and garnished with ground pistachios.  Great cool drink for the summer.  This is how coffee should be done.
I have yet to try the cafe specialty, the Volcano hot chocolate, but I have heard nothing but good things about it.  Instead of hopping on the coffee bandwagon, you can tell the owner Rene truly loves the art of coffee.Stopped in here for some cannolis as a last minute Mother's Day gift to my mom and grandma. I was on my way to an appointment at my gym, so I asked if I could come back for them in a half hour or so. Rene, the owner, said of course, he would wrap them up for me in two separate bags, and they would be amazing. 
I came back 30 minutes later and Rene said they weren't ready yet. I was like, oh no, is he out of something or did he not have the packaging so I could get them to go? I needed another idea quick! He said, nope, he would whip them up for me no problem, but that he had waited so I could watch him MAKE IT HAPPEN. hehe It was awesome and he let me try bits of different things he was making and working on. I was hesitant for a sec to go with the full 5 stars because this place is pretty pricey, but for the full experience and how nice and enthusiastic the owner is, I wouldn't feel right going below that. It's most likely just not the type of place that you could afford every day.Words can't describe the greatness of this place but I will try.  After seeing the Rim segment on the Food Network, being a Philly Girl, I had to visit.  First greeted with a warmness from Belle who patiently explained options to me and my husband.  Then Rene went to work on our orders.  He doesn't just make them and hand them over, he puts his love and  entertainment and care into every moment from beginning to end.  When he proudly hand over your item you truly feel it was done just for you.  Being a chocolate fiend, this was absolutely the best hot  chocolate I have ever had. Everyone has to experience Rim.  Rene and Belle are true treasures.There's a lot of good things happening inside Rim Cafe. The place is basically covered in a layer of chocolate dust and shavings and there are cannoli shells scattered throughout the entire cafe and I am okay with all of this. 
We wanted to continue our date after dinner at Taco Riendo on Saturday, and I suggested we make the drive down to Italian Market to peep what's poppin' at Rim. I expected to be filled with glee. I was.
I love cappuccinos and I love creme brulee (too lazy to find the accented-e this morning), so I opted for the creme brulee. Rene is a cute man. Has another reviewer already requested that he be shrunk down to pocket-size so they could carry him around all day, making tiny chocolate drinks for me to drink? If so, ditto. If not, I'd like that to happen. He looks like a cartoon character and I dig that in a human. The cappuccino brulee is exactly what it sounds like. It doesn't have a faux custardy tasty infused to it, which I appreciate. The crispy burny top was sticky and delightful. That's the best part. My boyfriend ordered the volcano and it was one of the best, if not the best, hot chocolate I've ever tasted. The different shavings of chocolate on the top was a nice touch - a little of everything. The variety of chocolate was definitely unique (parmesan! tropical!). 
When I brought our mugs back in Rene asked me which I preferred. It was hard to choose, but I plan on returning. It could be argued that $7.50 is a little steep for a cappuccino, but considering it's prime location directly across from a major tourist spot, and the care that Rene uses when creating each drink, it's absolutely within reason.This place is like a throwback from the 80's. Everything Italian all over the walls and ceiling. It's part of the great experience you get here. I have been here a couple of times and must say, they have great hot chocolate.  You can order it in various ways and they also offer coffee drinks, like Espresso.  They don't offer almond milk or soy. There's a small display window of desserts to include chocolate truffles and pastries. Personally, I think this is a great place for hot chocolate or dessert after a meal or show. You can come in, relax and enjoy the experience.This is the most unique, quaint coffee place!! you feel at home!!
Renee is the best!!! oh and all of his gourmet coffee/with shaved truffles from all around the world are simply delish!!!
hightly recommend for a late latte  or an early cappuccino!!!
ENJOY!Rene is awesome. He makes every customer feel special. He puts on a show while creating your treats. The peanut butter hot chocolate is amazing. Definitely a worthwhile experience. I will return. Great place to take a visitor.6 stars out of 5.
You won't ever pay more for your latte but you'll never taste one as good or have as much fun watching it be created than you will at the RIM cafe!Make sure you look good before you go in, because chances are your picture is going to end up on facebook and one of the many ipads around the shop. 
Drinks are expensive and it always seems empty, and dark, like it's closed, but when you push the door open, you're in an electic shop with a guy with a serious "godfather" obsession who will "make it happen" and make you an amazing chocolatey drink, just don't think about the way the chocolate chunks may have been just sitting on the counter for months.Can Rene get anymore amazing? No.
With a host like him, you can't go wrong.  A European cafe in the middle of the Italian/Mexican Market and Genos cheesetake utopia.
Great sweets and coffee selection with occasional live music. If there's no music, sit and chat with the host with the most!This place is amazing!
Awesome canolis, delicious truffles! 
The coffee is amazing! 
Great service and athmosphere!!To ask someone to describe Rim Cafe in just one word would be almost impossible, but for me it would be FAMILY - because that's how owner René will treat you from the moment you enter. 
The eclectic decor would be described anywhere else as an identity crisis, but René's whimsical collection of nick-nacks and pictures somehow complement the personality of his shop.  Rounding out the ambiance is René's own playlist (make a request; he'll even let you DJ) and the continuous loop of The Godfather on DVD in the background. 
The decadent creations will satisfy even the most discriminating palates, and their preparation is always a sight to behold, so don't walk away from the counter after you order or you'll be missing out!  In addition to the classic "Volcano", René is always surprising his guests with new concoctions, and has recently added a (soon-to-be) record-breaking 52 gram espresso that flows as thick as molasses once brewed. 
I stumbled upon this South Philly gem three years ago and try to visit every chance I get - this review is long overdue.  It will be one of the things I miss most when I move to my new home in San Diego this summer!
"I LOVE YOU MY MAN!"Mind blown hot chocolate experience!   What an amazing way to enjoy this time of year.The best-kept secret in Philadelphia, BY FAR. Why more people aren't aware of it given it's location across from Pat's and Geno's, I'll never know. I guess people are too full of cheese whiz to be in the mood for a coffee or hot chocolate.
Rene is pretty much the funnest, friendliest, and most passionate person running a coffee shop or restaraunt. And although the coffee doesn't come close to La Colombe, it's the chocolate concoctions that dominate at the Rim. Each one is artisanally prepared and served seemingly by the hand of god him or herself.
It's a great place to sit and sip chocolate and chat and get your picture taken and look at the crazy decor. But not a great place to go to the bathroom. The borough of Manhattan even thinks the bathroom here is tiny. But I digress...
The people at the Rim are so nice, they tend to randomly give free drinks to repeat customers for no reason. I went in for a 6th time, ordered a coffee to go, and it came at no charge because the man behind the counter felt like being generous that day. And it wasn't the only time.
Everyone should go to the Rim cafe and everyone should love it, because it loves you back.I've been living in the city of brotherly love for about 6 months now. One of the greatest gems the city has to offer is Rim Cafe in South Philly!
Before Philadelphia I was living with my father over seas in South Africa. South Africa is known for many things but one thing that is unique and (as they say) "Proudly South African" is their Rooibos tea. A red bush tea which not only is delicious, but keeps you physically fit and mentally sharp! Why am I going on about this magic tea? Well I'll get to that in a second. 
I walk into Rim Cafe an like all everyone else was captivated by the showmanship and passion of its owner Rene (Who I honestly think is Willy Wonka in disguise)! Never in my life have I seen such wonders with Chocolate! Just when I thought I've seen it all, Rene pulls out a bag of Rooibos tea. Automatically I wondered if he knew the background of his product so I quizzed him. Not only did he know exactly where the tea came from and what its health properties were but he was able to do things I didn't even know you could do with Rooibos tea! Iced,hot,frappe,siphon(which really is a treat and a show!), you name it he did it! So much better then simply adding hot water and a few lumps of sugar!
If you ever want something to lift your spirits, put down the Red Bull and head over to Rim Cafe for a cup of Rooibos tea! You wont find it anywhere else outside of Johannesburg! Trust me I've looked!First time going here and it was amazing. The owner and the employee were both very friendly and wanted us to be satisfied. Will definitely come back.I wish Yelpers had said it was a DARK hot chocolate.  Not sweet enough, plus too expensive at $8 for 8oz if you're paying cash.  For your average guy, 8oz is way too little.  Imagine paying $12 for a 12oz soda can.  I'd rather have a Swiss Miss with marshmallows at home.Walked by this place many times and never would have thought to stop in.  Always thought it was a bar until I searched on Yelp for best hot cocoa in Philly.
Was it the best?  Not by a long shot.  My bf did love it though and would give it 4 stars.  I prefer the thicker and richer type.  At 7 bucks it's expensive but fine to share.  
Walked into a decorative place that smelled of good home Italian cooking, 80s music blaring and quite the decor complete with motorcycle inside.  The good smell of food didn't go with the good looking truffles and hot chocolate being made.
I would say it is definitely an experience  and worth making a stop at in Philly if just for watching the owner make the hot chocolate volcano.
Awesome how he shaves so many different flavored chocolate bars into your mug.  
For some reason the flavor just didn't do it for me, but everyone's hot cocoa taste is different!After freezing to death eating our Geno's steaks, two friends and I popped in for some warming up. The volcano hot chocolate here is certainly worth the $6.00 - if not for the actual drink, then certainly for the process and display that goes into making one. A young man was playing La Vie en Rose on the piano in the back which made the place seem that much more romantic and charming. I could easily find myself here with a knitting project or book, sipping away on decadent espresso drinks. Strangely enough, the bathroom with its red light a pasted photos was a highlight. It's small and cozy - perfect for two or three, but no parties larger than that I would say.Visited RIM after having cheesesteaks at Pat's. The. coffee shop is only a block away on 9th St. Really small place but very cozy. Lots of interesting things in the wall and hanging from the ceiling. Belle is the owner and she is wonderful! Very nice and she took great care making our coffees which were excellent. The desserts were too tempting to pass up. My wife had the chocolate peanut butter pretzel and she said it was out of this world. Really liked the atmosphere and I plan to visit again.One of our favorite places to go on a cold winter evening! Rene has so much personality and makes our experience at RIM Cafe so unique and fun! My daughter loves sitting on the high stools watching Rene make her hot chocolate (marshmallow volcano is her favorite) fresh right before her eyes. 
The decor is so interesting that I always find new things to admire that I missed during my last visit. Such a great atmosphere and nothing beats Rene's volcanos!Make it happen baby!!!! Wow wow wow, talk about a one of a kind place. The most electric man in the world making beautiful creations of chocolates, hot chocolates and coffee drinks. Oh wait, and the cannolis too which I had 4 of. This is a wonderland for chocolate people and the real life Willy wonka is here. Rene puts on a show while making incredible and balanced hot chcolates. Take a look at his wheel. Years of shaved chocolates settled  in the most beautiful pedestal to make creations on. You can't go wrong with anything that you get here. Born in France Rene understands the line of sweet and slightly savory. I had hot chocolate that was so thick and rich but not too sweet that I just fell in love with my boyfriend all over again when I was drinking it and looking at him. The cannolis are to die for. No matter what shell you get, you can't go wrong. Everyone knows what really matters, the cream filling. Hands down the best filling I've had, so creamy and not too sweet, I had my doubts but I'm a believer. That night I regained my beliefs in magic and the existence of unicorns. If you're lucky when you're there you might get to witness Rene making his salted caramel on a large block of Himalayan salt. Yes seriously, he does it right there and with a blowtorch. He's always putting a show up on Facebook live and it's worth watching. This guy knows his chocolate and it may be one of the most impressive places to go in the US. Bingo baby!!!!Late night chocolate cravings in south philly. Heard this place was great for chocolate so came here for the first time. The place is small, dark, and gloomy, but whatever cause it had character. The menu is small but the prices are pretty high. The lady serving us was sweet. We chat about all things chocolate and she even gave us a little taste of everything as she made our hot chocolate. Sweet! Now we ordered the regular and the dark lava hot chocolate. The dark lava was so much better. Afterwards we also got 6 truffles for $10. The trufffles were amazing. Totally worth every penny. Overally this place is a once in a lifetime visit but I would get them truffles again. Service was great.I'd come here just for the atmosphere, but it helps that they have THE BEST HOT CHOCOLATE IN THE WORLD. Well, best I've tried in my life - and I'm always on the prowl for good hot chocolate. I love the shaved chocolate bits on top (especially the bits with papaya), Rene makes them himself. While at  around 10 bucks, it really isn't the cheapest cup around, you really are paying for the entire experience. Rene is absolutely delightful, and often shows great things on the TV screen (funny videos to Pavarotti and Frank Sinatra to Michael Jackson), sometimes beating the drums. He makes it happen. I try to make a monthly pilgrimage to RIM Cafe, usually more often than that. A long travel for me, but it's worth it.This place is rather pricey but you almost have to check it out at least once because the atmosphere is way beyond bizarre : utterly unique .. the French owner has created a surreal sort of French-Italian-The Godfather come to life -Gothic-romantic-horror movie ambience that words just can't do justice.. the owner is very friendly and extremely amusing.. A great place for a date for a coffee drink and dessert or a snack..  great chocolately treats, coffee drinks, hot chocolate, some very creative concoctions..Mmmm...late snack after a long day at work.  Today's date we treated ourselves to hot chocolate made to perfection.  Not only the hot chocolate was perfect, but the yummy Connolly which are home made.  
Th he atmosphere is always cool and fun at Rim cafe.  Music is always playing in the background and watching the creator created the yumminess is always fun.  One will always feel welcome and part of the Rim cafe family.
Love this place and will continue to come by for the deliciousness.First of all...I LOVE RENE!!! I also love THE RIM CAFE!!! Yes, the prices are more then other places...I admit that, but you are not just paying for a drink. You are paying for the experience. Also, it is an Espresso bar.....there is no coffee....Lavazza espresso ONLY! If you want coffee this is not the place to go.
I live in NY now and I miss it soo much there. I could sit there for hours talking to all the regulars. Yes, there is a scary as hell bird death camp right next door,  but oh well. It is the Italian market where you can buy almost about anything,Wtf. Amazing. Some of the freshest of pastries and chocolates I've ever had. Not only is Rene an incredibly friendly host, he also has a set of bongos and congas he plays "when the mood strikes". When we arrived, he was giving a private ricotta cheese making class to the local restaurant owners and shared its deliciousness with everyone in the cafe.The chocolate volcano was soooo tasty! I have been meaning to make a stop here for some time, and Im glad I finally did. The owner was so pleasant and it made for such a warm experience. I also loved the peanut butter cannoli.