Excellent place, the owner greets you and is very friendly. They give you so much food its incredible. The service was spot on. I recommend making a reservation because you might not get a tablewonderful atmosphere!!! comfortable, and BYOB fresh food, amazing service....after the boyfriend and i, brought a bottle of red wine, and could get the cork open, a nice family traded bottles with us, so we could! love love love!!!!!Absolutely amazing. I came here last Friday with my boyfriend and we had a reservation for 8:45. We were seated within a few minutes. The staff is truly made up of some of the kindest people you will ever meet. They brought us bread and roasted carrots, and also an appetizer on the house. All of these were delicious. It is also a BYOB which is great. The food and atmosphere were both amazing. We had the gnocchi with pesto, chicken parm, and nutella soufflé. Our waiter was always friendly and we were never left waiting for something.Amazing, beautiful and the staff was so nice and helpful. Love the family feel of this restaurant makes you feel like your at your grandmothers house for Sunday dinner! Can't wait to go backThis is EASILY the best italian food in Philadelphia. It is a wonderful experience eating here. The staff is AMAZING! Our server, Eric was so nice and accommodating. The special eggplant appetizer in the Rosa sauce was heavenly. I ordered the chicken piccata, and I ALWAYS get chicken piccata out.. this was the best I have ever had. The cheesecake and cappuccino was outstanding. I have never had such an enjoyable eating experience! Seriously wonderful. I will be back again!!!!!One of the best Italian restaurants I've been to period. Not only is the food absolutely delicious, but the service is just as good. The owner introduced herself and told us about the local favs. Being from NY I was a bit skeptical but truly impressed with the apps, entrees and dessert. Definitely would repeat any day of the week. Drinks were good as well. Will be stopping here any and every time I visit Philly!!!I was looking for authentic "South Philly Italian" food and I found it here!  I had this seafood pasta dish and unlike some places where they scrimp, these guys poured it on.  Plenty of seafood, very tasty and very friendly service.  I would return again.Absolutely amazing, I walked into this restaurant and was greeted by the owner. What an unbelievable experience! From the presentation to the food to the service everything was amazing. Made me feel at homeMy husband and I had dinner here last night (Tuesday).  Food was great, service friendly and prompt. Nice atmosphere.  They have bar service but you are allowed to bring your own wine  (which we did).  I had a special that was a Homemade fettuccini with seafood that was awesome.  Great find!One of the best meals we have had in a long
Time. Will definitely be back soon. Even my 8 year old loved it!I have been to a lot of great Italian restaurants in the city, over the bridge, and in other major cities. Ristorante Pesto, from appetizers to entrees, was the best Italian I've had. As a kid, my parents brought me to Philly for Italian so I know there are many great spots in the city, but this place is really good. Just like visiting a friend's home, Pesto serves a couple of free appetizers with bread...no one should ever leave hungry...and the portions are large. More importantly, the food is delicious and light. You will not feel weighed down. The staff is super friendly and the owner makes sure to greet everyone. Why wouldn't you want to come back?We came from all the way from Hawaii to Philadelphia and wanted Italian food for dinner. I can honestly say that this was probably one of the BEST places where I came to eat an authentic Italian cuisine. Everything from the service, food, and atmosphere was superb! Concetta was extremely friendly and welcomed us like family! She served us stuffed mushrooms portobello mushrooms with mozzarella cheese (delicious), a steak appetizer also filled with mozzarella cheese (good), and Tiramisu for dessert (delicious)
We had the Salad with raspberry vinaigrette that consisted of gorgonzola, beets, almonds, and pears (good). For our main courses, we had the Gnocchi with rosé Pesto sauce (good) and the Sea Food Pasta with crab, lobster, and shrimp in a mariana/cream sauce (excellent). We ate until we were stuffed, but every cent and bite was well worth it! I would ABSOLUTELY recommend this place to anyone looking for amazing customer service and and Italian food! I hope to be back one day! Thank you so much Concetta for your wonderful service! Aloha!After looking on Yelp for a good Italian place for my birthday dinner, I decided the reviews were too good to pass up the opportunity to eat here. As we drove by looking for parking, I was a bit hesitant because it appears to be a rather small place; however, upon entering the restaurant I realized my hesitations were misplaced. 
We were seated right away, and a kind young man offered us either tap or bottled water. My fiancee and I ordered drinks from the bar, and were served promptly. The owner came over, greeted us and made us feel very welcome. In addition to the traditional order of bread, we were given a delicious dish of carrots in a balsamic vinegar. The service was excellent, they had a wonderful special list in addition to the traditional menu. The gnocchi was as good as the reviews. The owner even gave us some bruchetta on the house. After our meal, since it was my birthday, they even sang to me with a piece of cake with a sparkler in it. Pesto's is a great place with delicious food, and a friendly atmosphere.What can I say but great, great, great !  This is my first YELP review for anything but I was so amazed with the level of service and the tantalizing execution of the meal that I had to write about my experience right away.  This was my wife's and I first visit to this restaurant after seeing a coupon on the Restaurant.com website.  It probably was the best coupon purchase I made in a long time.  Our night was met with complimentary bruschetta (Italian bread topped with a crushed tomato/garlic/onion spread), roasted red pepper, bread and cooked carrots in a balsamic glaze.  I'm not a cooked carrot fan usually but this offering flipped my taste buds.  Apps consisted of a terrific salad filled with cheese, nuts and fruit, and crab stuffed mushrooms in a blush sauce.  Simply amazing.  Our main course consisted of veal medallions in a mushroom "ragu" and squid ink pasta filled with seafood.  Both entrees used jumbo shrimp to highlight the meals which elevated the plates to a higher level.  We finished off our meal by splitting a wedge of the homemade ricotta cheesecake.  Simply devine.  PLEASE do yourself a favor and visit this establishment as soon as you can.  I know we will be back.Ristorante Pesto was a great experience from start to finish.  I had a reservation for a large party and called around to a few local b.y.os in the area. Far and away, Pesto was the nicest and most accommodating!  The service was incredible and food even better!  I'll be back for sure.After finally finding a parking spot, my husband and I decided to have dinner here. It was very busy Saturday night. It's best to have a reservation but we didn't know any better. The owner was charming and showed us great hospitality. The food was fantastic and large portions. It was a small space and it was quite noisy. We didn't mind that though. Our waitress was great as well. Kudos for being able to repeat all the specials to all her tables :) overall great experience. If we're in Philly again we will have to stop by!Huge portions here! The prices here reflect the quality but also the portions. It's BYO but they also have a bar for drinks/ wine. 
Everything we got was amazing, and a few extras they threw in for us
The staff is so nice, the woman owner was so friendly and welcoming
So many options from meat to seafood. The mixed seafood was towering in the bowl. We took leftovers and absolutely had no room for dessert ( wish we did tho!!!)Spending the weekend in Philly and wanted a place with real Italian food. Came here because of the reviews on Yelp.  The place is fantastic.  Concetta greeted us at the door like old friends. The staff were very friendly and their recommendations were great.  They brought over complimentary Bruschetta, mozzarella and red peppers and balsamic carrots.  The eggplant rollatini appetizer is a must-have.  We had two of the specials - Bronzino with mussels, clams and shrimp and homemade cavatelli with crab, lobster and shrimp in a rose sauce.  Both were amazing! We were stuffed but couldn't pass up the Nutella Chocolate Soufflé. Super!Good enough. Mine is crabmeat on veal with lemon sauce, pretty good, but I was so full, only can enjoy the first piece, there were three in my dish. But there are several special dishes don't appear on the menu, I don't like it.Beautiful restaurant, EXCELLENT service, free appetizers (yup, plural), and a specials list that will make you not want to open up your menu. The squid ink linguini, lump crab, mussels, clams, and shrimp in a white wine sauce with tomatoes is delicious. The portobello parmigiana appetizer in a rose sauce is perfect. Full bar, BYOWine, and a stacked dessert menu to top it all off.The food here was amazing! I came here for a birthday last night. The staff here is very friendly and will get you what you need very quick. I would highly recommend the chicken parmigiana with the rose sauce, it was delicious! For dessert, the Oreo ice cream cake was really good, no complaints about that. Location is very easy to get to, you would either have to park on the street or a nearby parking garage. I would definitely return back here!Hospitality and great food!  
I have never felt so welcome and appreciated at any restaurant as I have at Pesto.  I really felt as though I was at a large family gathering rather than a restaurant.  Concetta greeted my daughter and I, and brought us to our table.  She told us about the restaurant, and some of the dishes.  She checked on us several times, and was a constant presence in the dining area.  It was wonderful to see an owner so involved with the customers, and actively involved with the business.  Concetta's warmth is genuine, and what she brings to Pesto can't be taught.  
We had a fabulous eggplant appetizer.  My daughter, who has disliked eggplant anytime I have made it, loved it.  I had the special pasta with shrimp, lobster, and crab.  Amazing.  My daughter had a seafood pasta with clams, mussels, and shrimp. She loved it.  We each had plenty to bring home.  We couldn't get another bite in, so we ordered cannolis to go.
I can't wait to return to Pesto with the rest of my family.  It is well worth the hour drive from my house for this dining experience.Ate here for the first time due to high ratings in trip advisor and absolutely loved it! Loved the food loved the prices loved the staff and loved the atmosphere ! Loved everything including 3 appetizers, 2 entrees, 3 complimentary items, and 2 desserts! Floor manager is the best I've ever seen, personable but not pushy and smart enough to say just the right things, loved her too!!!Excellent food. Make you feel like family. Listen to their specials. We had the egg plant appetizer. Excellent. I had the veal and giant shrimp entree. So good. They were on the Rachel Ray show. Now I know why. Thank you.Completely do not understand the rave reviews for this restaurant. I would say it is average. The best thing was indeed the eggplant appetizer, which we didn't even order. They just brought it to us. Two of us had a baked pasta with meat sauce and cheese melted on top. This dish would have been really good but the pasta was way over cooked. Too bad. The others ordered shrimp and veal in wine sauce. The wine sauce was basically just wine so it was very runny and had no flavor other than wine. 
Shrimp and veal floating in wine. 
We were disappointed with our meal.We got there a few minutes late and the hostess was totally understandable. Food was amazing, ambience great, staff super friendly. Highly recommended.My wife surprised me for my birthday with this fantastic Italian neighborhod restaurant. There were so many choices on the menu and there were even more wonderful specials. I cant say enough from the Caeser salad to the the special limoncello desert. We came down from Yardley, only 1/2 hour, with parking on Broad across the street bring a few quarters if before 8:00. Plenty of open spaces. We will be back with family and friends. It's that kind of place.We went for a baptism celebration with a party of 16. I had been there before as two people but first time in a group. The service was absolutely the best. The appetizers and entrees were delicious. Everyone got something different and not one person was disappointed. One person didn't realize what dish she ordered and really didn't want it and they took it back and gave her another entree. No other place would do that. They served us quickly and correctly.  They always came back and asked if everything was ok and if we needed anything. They were pleasant and friendly and 10 stars to the chef. Carrots with balsamic? I don't even like carrots and I ate half the dish. Try the black linguini ... Out of this world! Shrimp with bacon recommended by the waitress was the best I ever had. Great place for a party or dinner for 2. And byob of wine.. Plus a bar! Totally recommend! Can't wait to try their wildwood place!A truly amazing experience. From start to finish. The owner is such an amazing woman. She was so friendly to us at our table. The food is amazing and very generous portions. I was in love with the ricotta cheesecake. WOWWe have been going to this place for many years now. The food has always been good. The service is phenomenal everyone is pleasant. I always like to try the specials. The braciole is fantastic the steak melts in your mouth. They also do a really nice job with the stuffed mushroom served with a blush sauce.  Every meal that my family has had here has been excellent.4 of us had are pre concert dinner tonight. I must say the owner and the staff couldn't have been nicer.  The owner stopped at our table five times.  Once to deliver a nice appetizer, and at the end of our meal to deliver a slice of cheese cake.  The other times to make sure that we were enjoying our meals.
Each dinner ordered was excellent.  Three fish dinners and mine veal.  I've read quite a few reviews about Pesto, and I would disagree with any of the negative reviews.  The dinners were fresh and cooked very well. 
I would recommend Pesto without hesitation!Anyplace willing to squeeze me in on a Saturday night is OK in my book!
First time coming here and will absolutely be back! Great, friendly service, nice atmosphere, endless specials, fabulous food and is a byob but also has a bar!
Get the eggplant rolletini, you won't regret it!if your looking for authentic Italian food, Pesto is the place to go! Food and service was phenominal, the end. Everything on the menu was awesome. I'd definitely go back, highly recommended. must have dish Gnoochi with gorgonzola sauce, mmm... gnoochi was fresh cooked to perfection.When we come back to our hometown Philly, we need to visit family and, even more importantly, South Philly for the food.
Ristorante Pesto takes you back to the days of classic Italian meals from classy corner restaurants. In a true Italian family way, you come in to the warmest welcome, great smells comes from the kitchen, and a nice glass of vino being poured.
Let's just say that if you live in the Philadelphia area and have not come in during the past 25 years that they have been right on Broad Street, what in the name of everything holy haven't you?
This isn't fancy-pants not-real-Italian gourmet food. The is high-end classic (and 'certified') Italian like your grandmother (I'm assuming everyone has an Italian grandmother, don't you?) made Sundays (and Mondays, and Tuesdays, and Wednesdays, and Thursdays, and Fridays - plus twice on Saturdays) that even once you are full you cannot stop tried just a little more.
We came in after a fun day in Center City reacquainting ourselves with the city, we were more than hungry and needed a real good meal. We started with the Burrata and prosciutto and the misto appetizer along with pasta fagoli for three of us.  Concetta  came out with a small taste of eggplant, spinach, and ricotta cheese in a rose sauce that we couldn't stop wiping the plate up with the crusty Italian bread.
For main entrees, the youngest likes her clams and while she's gotten used to Maine steamers, she dug right in to the little necks with the perfect garlic and wine sauce that she mopped up with the bread. The two older kids got chicken Parma and, a special for the night, shrimp, clams, mussels, and fish over squid ink linguine with a slightly spicy red sauce. Let's just say the plates didn't need cleaning afterward. 
My wife wanted gnocchi and the chicken piccatta, but knew better and shared the gnocchi with the entire table. The gnocchi were little pillows in a nicely seasoned rose sauce, not too creamy and not too spiced. Her chicken was thin and just the way it should be for an Italian dish. My wife said she could eat it every day.
My dish was the night's main fish special and one of my favorites to get at an Italian restaurant. Branzino is a true test of the skills of the chef to make it come out flakes and moist, and not over cooled and rubbery. Tonight it was spot on with a little crab and shrimp as stuffing. Done to perfection, the branzino was the best dish of the night, in my estimation.
So, if you can't guess by now, Ristorante Pesto is your home for that South Philly Italian dinner you've been searching for - even if you need to come 6 hours for it.I highly recommend Ristorante Pesto if you are looking for great Italian dining experience. Out in Philly by myself and decided to visit a restaurant, Ristorante Pesto, recommended by a co-worker for a good Italian meal. I had no reservation, but I would recommend having one. It is located on Broad Street but parking was fine on the nearby side streets.
General feel and Service: Top notch. As soon as I came in, the hostess sitting there was incredibly warm and welcoming. I had no reservation, so she directed to me grab a drink at the well-stocked bar, but it had no seats. As I was walked to my table, you could see Concetta, hostess, as she treated everyone like a family member and she was engaging, asking questions and was just so friendly. The whole time, I definitely felt like I was at a meal for a special Italian family gathering, people everywhere, food everywhere, laughter and talking everywhere. Every staff member was attentive and helpful. I think during the course of my meal, every staff member had check on me or assisted in some way. 
Food: Let me start with my only complaint of the night - too many choices. They had a wide selection of delicious food and as I watched it by to other tables it all looked very delicious.  So for my appetizer, I selected Bacon and Pastry wrapped Shrimp. Large shrimp and everything was perfectly cooked, pastry light and crispy. But before it was served, the bread and Carrots in Balsamic came out. Simply delicious. Then along with my ordered appetizer, Concetta sent me an order of roasted red peppers and mozzarella. Three appetizers and bread to start my meal, it was so good I ate it all. For my meal, I had the black ink linguini with shrimp, clams and mussels.  The seafood was fresh and the sauce was light and tasty. 
Overall: Everything was wonderful and I can't wait to go back.Went here tonight as a group of 18 for a birthday.  In short: the service was good (especially for such a large group) but the food was not.  
Every dish I tried was overcooked, underseasoned, and just subpar.  My mixed seafood grill was totally overdone.  All of the fish was dry and charred.  If it hadn't been for a birthday I likely would have sent it back.  It was just bad.  
And for a restaurant named "Pesto" their pesto should be good, no???  It was bland just like the other dishes.  
To top it off, the prices, while not high by "good" restaurant standards, were just too great.  This seemed like a place pretending to be better than it is.  Still, big props for handling a large group so well.Fabulous food, service and prices. Everything was excellent from the veal to the salmon to the pasta.  The greatest surprise was how low the prices were for this level of food.  Very casual. People in jackets to people in T-shirts. Loved this place!!!!I was really excited to come here after being told Pesto had the best Italian food in Philly.  When I arrived on Friday night, the restaurant was packed but we still stayed for the 45 minute wait bc we were curious.
They have tons of specials and the waiter rattles them off by heart when you first sit down.  It was overwhelming & I wish they printed them out or at least had it written down somewhere.  They sounded delicious but I couldn't really remember anything after the 10th one.
Their bread was delicious!  They also give you carrots in vinegar & oil which was unique & tasty.  For starters we had the calamari which was alright.  Our entrees were the penne primavera in rose sauce & the gnocchi w/ lobster, crab, & shrimp.  I didn't care much for the penne and my bf didn't really care much for the gnocchi.  I'm not sure if it was high expectations that made it seem lackluster or if it really was that lackluster.
Either way, Pesto has nice service but I was not blown away and I'm not eagerly waiting to come back for seconds.This was the best Italian food I have ever had in my life. I stopped by in the summer while I was on a day trip to Philly. The service was great and the food was delicious. The waitress made sure me and my friends were all taken care of. I was only in Philly for a day but boy they don't call this the city of brotherly love for nothing! Can't wait to go back!First time here. Very good food and service. If you are looking for a BYOB restaurant, it will be an excellent choice. Must come back again!I've come here once with a big group years ago before a show and had a wonderful experience. We decided to stop by just by chance with some old friends of ours that had never been here before and not only were we blown away for a 2nd time but they can't wait to go back as well! When you can impress with salad and portabello dishes you know it's the best! They snuck out party of 4 in last minute for a quick bite before the concert we attended. Service was SWIFT and hospitality was top notch thank you to our server Jenna and owner Concetta!Best Pesto and Grilled chicken that I have eaten in a very long time. The pesto was served on some thick toasted bread and it was beyond perfection. After, that I  had the grilled chicken breast and it was cooked just right- no bones and not dried out. 
Our server was knowledgeable, she literally knew the whole menu and gave us great advice on what to order and what went well with what.
The atmosphere here is very cool and laid back, great place to have a family dinner or celebration.What a fabulous hidden gem. I'm super fussy when it comes to restaurants ... My friend got us a gift card for Christmas, throughout the whole dinner I kept thinking .... Why did we wait to come here? We had a 6 o'clock reservations for 4, and were seated right away . 
Ordered 3 apps & 2 salads and honestly I could not even pick a favorite, they were all super fresh & super delicious. And the rosa sauce is probably the BEST I've ever had. And I've been to a lot of good Italian restaurants.  
The Bronzino was like no other, stuffed with all fresh seafood and piping hot. I brought most of it  home because the portions of everything we ordered at first were so large and filling we couldn't stop eating. 
Our server Jackie was friendly & efficient. Explained every one of their special and answered all of my questions. 
Connie who I believe is the owner was radiant and super friendly, as soon as we walked in the door. She hugged us and was so warm ... I almost thought I was in her personal home !  Just a beautiful family experience. 
You will thank me after your visit to this beautiful place. I love supporting family owned businesses and this is a place not to miss ! 
Thanks for a great night and AMAZING FOOD !Amazing! Delivery is even amazing! Food is outstanding! Pizazz pizza is to die for!
There sauce is on point. 
The eggplant parm is perfect! 
Capresi salad so fresh!!
The pinni Omg yummmmm!!! 
One thing.. the girl that answers the phone should really listen to the order and maybe sound a little happier only because i absolutely love this place, & i had repeated myself 4 times and I didn't  get what I asked for. I don't want this one little thing to ruin a great rep.
But,
 That don't take away the 10 stars I wish I could give them!I stumbled upon this place when I had actually meant to go next door to their pizzeria. I decided to stay and glad that I did. Though the service was a bit slow (they were busy when I arrived), the food more than made up for it. I enjoyed a caprese salad and the fettucine with prociutto which was excellent, with heavy notes of nutmeg. I also had a chance to try their eggplant (which is what they are known for) and found it to be the tastiest I've ever had. This place is very reasonable and has a lot of flavor, but be prepared to spend some time.I love this restaurant. The food was exceptional and the service was also top notch, including the owner who was very accomodating! My boyfriend and I shared the rack of lamb, eggplant and gnocchi- all of which were five star quality. This is a gem in South Philly and I will definitely be coming back.Exceeded our expectations in every way. Go early and parking is easy.I've heard so many locals rave about this place I had to try it out when an out of town friend came to visit. I was not at all impressed.
Plenty of better places around town.i am italian and i tried almost every italian restaurant in south philly and every time i say "why didnt we just go to pesto"Great place! We went this past Saturday night and loved every second. We had great service from the staff and owner. She made us feel right at home. They even gave us a few extra appetizers on the house. I love that you can bring your own wine. I left way satisfied and full. Great option for a local taste of Philly!Food was excellent. Serve was great. Everyone so friendly and accommodating!  We will definitely be back.I would give this place 10 stars if I could.. It has been my go to Italian BYOB for years so when my boyfriend was planning his work xmas dinner/party I knew Pesto would be perfect and let me tell you.. It was a HUGE hit!  We had about 20 people in a private room and every single dish was made to order and absolutely delicious. I don't think one person had a bad thing to say about this place.. please keep in mind half of our group were firemen ;) By the end of the night we were loud and probably wore out our welcome but the staff remained cool and just let us enjoy our night. This place is awesome!I went there for a family birthday party.  I had chicken marsala and spinach.  It was very good.  Staff was friendly and quick.While I am giving Pesto 4 stars, throughout my entire meal I couldn't help but picture the place on Ramsey's Kitchen Nightmares. There were so many things aesthetically wrong it was starting to drive me crazy. 
For starters- the hostess was wearing an Italian flag jacket, Italian flag necklace, sneakers and jeans. I didn't know she was the hostess I thought she was a patron. The waitstaff all had their shirts un-tucked which looked really sloppy. They waitstaff was extremely casual- which I found strange considering their prices. For 2 of us our meal came to $94. They recently also received a liquor license. We ordered a bottle of white wine. It arrived on our table 1/2 chilled and was not poured for us. I watched the bartender pour Diet Coke out of a 2 liter bottle into 3 glasses - this probably happens frequently, but it seemed really out of place to me. It was all very distracting. Service was also a little slow, but they were crowded so I can over look that. 
The reason I am giving 4 stars is because the food was very good. To begin they bring out bread and carrots. That seemed strange to me as well, until I tasted them- wow - who would have thought that carrots in balsamic vinegar with some garlic could taste so good?! 
We shared the roasted peppers and mozzarella, and my only complaint there is the pepper to mozzarella ratio- way too many peppers and way too little mozzarella, but still tasted wonderful. 
I had the Chicken Zingara- which was really good, and appropriately portioned. My husband had the chicken parm- which came in a creamy tomato sauce- and was very tasty! 
Overall, the place is completely worth a trip for the food, but there could be considerable improvements.My husband and I ate here for Valentine's Day last year. We came here because it was a top rated Philadelphia Italian restaurant with homemade pasta. 
You feel like you're part of the family here, the owner Concetta is constantly around greeting everyone and making sure your meal is perfect. They offer complimentary glazed carrots and eggplant rollatini with your meal. The eggplant was very good, we wanted more. My husband ate it even though he's allergic to tomatoes, so he must have thought it was very good as well. 
I was debating on which entree to get and decided to go with their famous cavatelli pasta with crab, shrimp and lobster that was featured on the Rachael Ray show and won the pasta showdown competition. You can definately taste that it's homemade pasta and tomato sauce, it was very good. I just wished there was a little more seafood in it. The crab was shredded very fine and you could barely see it and there was hardly any lobster or shrimp as well. The shredded crab gave it an overall fishy taste to it rather than a crab taste. The portion was large so I ended up taking a lot home, but it was all pasta and no seafood left so it was kind of a bummer. 
We ordered the tiramisu for dessert which was good, but not the best I had. They put it in a souffle cup instead of just on a plate. After dessert my husband and I got up to take some pictures out by the front entrance. When we came back to our table my drink was gone. Our waitress apologized and told the bartender to replace my drink but it took ahwile before I got it. 
Overall it was a very good authentic Italian meal. I would maybe like to go back sometime to try some of their other pastas. I think I have learned that it's not always best to get a restaurant's "famous" or most popular dish. I should have just went with my instinct and got the other pasta that I wanted.This is the best Italian restaurant that I have visited in Philly so far. The food tastes like home-made and the service is amazing. I will totally come back to get more pasta. Even the carrots they give as appetizers ate good.My whole family can't say enough good things about Pesto!  We've been to just about every hole in the wall Italian restaurant in Philly and this has become our favorite.  You feel as if you are greeted by family when you walk in, and are spoiled by both the staff's attentiveness and the extra food they bring to your table to try.  The atmosphere is warm and bustling, and it's difficult not to feel at home.  The food is delicious and I would highly recommend the Squid Ink Pasta and the Eggplant Rollatini.  Can't wait to go back!Stumbled upon this place when I was craving Italian food. From a suggestion by a friend, went ahead and decided to try this place out.
Originally, I called in and there were no open tables. Promptly got a call 5 minutes later from the hostess with a table [seriously, what luck.]. We came in and we were treated so well. 
The food was absolutely delicious and we can see why so many people are in love with this restaurant! Definitely suggest getting the crab salad and eggplant appetizers (they're not on the menu but the gracious waiters will tell you all the amazing specials at your table). We also ordered the gnocchi in rose sauce & the special pasta (can't remember the name but it had shrimp, lobster and crab?). Everything was cooked amazingly and flavored perfectly. 
As if that wasn't enough, the owner (I'm guessing) came by our table and gave us complimentary bruschetta AND the ricotta cheesecake. Again, delicious. We were absolutely stuffed to the brim.
But needless to say, we will definitely be coming back. 
note: you definitely need a reservation! But you could be lucky and get a call back within the day.I had a great vibe from the moment I booked this restaurant! The staff was so personable, friendly and most important the food was excellent!  I found this restaurant just by reading the reviews as we were planning a night in Philly and I couldn't agree more with the positive feedback. We were greeted by the owners and the level of service was excellent. Highly recommended. A great location if you have an event at the Wells Fargo center and looking for a place to dine first. Enjoy!I've now been here twice and both times were amazing.
They always give a few complimentary appetizers to the tables which is unexpected but a nice touch to their service.
Always very welcoming - great service!
No corkage fee.
A lot of specials to choose from.
Pesto gnocchi is fabulous.
Creme' brulee is probably the best I've ever had in my life!
Love this spot :)If you're in the mood for REAL Italian food, Pesto it is. Hands down the best Italian resturant, everything is so delicious. Not only is the food amazing, but the owners are so kind. They are always so accommodating and their great people. You can't beat great food and kind people, make Pest your next stop.I'm being completely honest and serious when I say that this was hands-down the best Italian meal I've EVER had in my life. I'm still drooling over the memory of their food. Can someone please maybe take me back here so I can relive that gastronomically amazing night?
To elaborate, I went here on a friend-date with someone who has been coming to Pesto for years. He knows the family, knows the menu, and as such I basically told him to order for me. He told me that as delicious as the regular menu is, the specials are what you should order from because there are seriously like 10-12 additional items (that every sever has memorized, which is pretty impressive). So we went with cheese and something else stuffed eggplant in a blush sauce, crab-stuffed something in a blush sauce, and we were sent out a complimentary plate of clams casino. Each dish was absolutely delectable. The eggplant thing was so savory but not that heavy for being in such a rich sauce. The crab was cooked perfectly and I wish I could remember what else was in it the dish but I'm writing this like 3 weeks after the meal so oops, my bad. For my entree, I ordered cavatelli in a blush sauce with lobster, shrimp, and crab meat. This literally was the best food I've ever put into my body. The pasta was cooked perfectly, as was the seafood, and I swear the blush sauce that they use is made by angels and sent down from heaven in a golden pot because I've never had a sauce that good. I could only eat half of my meal, which was a good thing because I had some killer left overs. 
The place itself is exactly what you'd expect in terms of a South Philly Italian restaurant. Full of people who have been coming to this place for years which gives it a really home-y feel. The service was impeccable and the owners really took interest in how the meal was. All in all, this is basically my new favorite Italian restaurant in the whole world.
Note: It's BYO for wine but they do have a beer and liquor license.Ristorante Pesto was a wonderful experience from the time I called to say our large party (on a Friday night) would be late to their expediency in processing our complicated payment, including multiple cards and cash.  
The food was excellent, especially the balsamic carrots!  Knowing it was our first time, the hostess (and I believe owner) sent out a free sample dish of roasted peppers, mozzarella, etc.  The staff was enthusiastic and detailed in explaining the specials and answering questions about dinner and dessert choices.  
Great experience and will recommend to friends and family looking for a cozy, warm, reasonably priced Italian meal.Found this place by searching the Internet. This was a birthday dinner for my mother on a Saturday night. The hostess was very nice, the staff is friendly and well trained. Our server was able to recite many specials without skipping a beat!
Actual meals were large in size so we got to take a lot home and enjoyed them the next day.
Overall, very nice experience and I would recommend this place to everyone.So fantastic that I had to write my first review!! As an out-of-towner, I wanted to try a restaurant that I can't find back home.  After reading some great reviews, I called to make a reservation for dinner and the great service stated then. Very friendly! When we got there and told them we were from out of town, they gave us 5 star service! Our waitress rattled off all of the specials (and there were a lot), with ease!  The bears and carrot chips to start were great! Then we got the eggplant appetizer on the house! All the meals we amazing. I got the pesto gnocchi, which was the best gnocchi I've had outside of Italy. We were checked on multiple times by Concetta (the owner), which after being completely stuffed she brought us the ricotta cheesecake (she said we can't leave without trying it) and we finished it. So great!! Make sure you are hungry!!My wife and I held our wedding rehearsal dinner here this past Thursday evening. We have nothing but positive superlatives to share about this venue. 
The service was authentic and genuine. This is a family owned restaurant and the staff embraces the family-centric paradigm through all interaction with patrons. Kind, caring and attentive are a few words to describe these folks. 
The atmosphere, again, was authentic and genuine. Patrons experience a true Italian sit down dinner. The ambience is mild and the decor is appropriate. It's themed with meek and pure representations of Italian life. 
The food. Wow. Where to begin? Fairly priced. Generous portion sizes. Taste to perfection. 
We were initially served with delicious, warm, homemade bread (choice of oil and/or butter). Following which we received large platters of marinated carrots, peppers, mozzarella balls and salad.  
Our entrees were delivered - most of our guests opted for the chicken parm, which I personally loved. I highly recommend the dish. It is served with some vegetables and potatoes, too.
The restaurant is a BYOB so you can freely bring your favorite wines and spirits to enjoy during dinner.This place is the best Italian Restaurant in South Philly.  I don't think much more needs to be said.This was by far one of the best meals I've had in a while. My boyfriend Kevin and I came here for Valentine's weekend after trying multiple times to get a reservation with no success - and now I know why. 
We came equipped with a bottle of red, since they are BYOB. Each meal starts with complimentary bread and roasted carrots which were both delicious. As an appetizer we ordered one of the special salads which had poached pear, candied walnuts, and Gorgonzola. They also brought us a complimentary eggplant ricotta pasta, which was incredible and so nice to get a free taste! At this point in the meal, I told Kevin that they could mess up the rest of the meal and I would still leave happy. 
But, they didn't mess up. For entrees, I ordered the pesto gnocchi and Kevin ordered a special with a red sauce shrimp crab meat and lobster - I forget the name of the dish. The gnocchi tasted like fresh pillowy goodness, although I didn't LOVE the pesto, and maybe will try a different sauce next time. Kevin's was delicious with lots of seafood and fresh tasting pasta. 
Finally, we shared banana cream pie for dessert, which was also great. 
My only complaint is that I was in a food coma that continued into the next day. That being said, why eat anything again after having such a delicious meal?!
Side note - I loved that I saw the owners wandering throughout the restaurant, and the service was also amazing. Such nice and attentive servers!Another great meal and great time at this wonderful restaurant. From the lovely and personable owner to each of the staff they never fail to make dining here a memorable experience. My rack of lamb was the best I've ever enjoyed,  and my dinner companions all enjoyed their meals. Highly recommend every one dine here.a gem of a restaurant, the whole experience from making the reservation, to the Nutella soufflé. when you se the patrons kissing the waitresses goodbye, you know you've  found a so philly gem. Go meet Concetta, let her feed you. you can spend more, in a fancier Italian restáurant, but you can't eat better than this,Oh my goodness!  So many flavors and so unexpected!  Concetta was completely booked and hooked us up with a reservation!  Thank God!  She fed our belly with the most delicious food. Some eggplant rolantini from the chef too. 
The prosciutto and mozzarella salad was on special for the night. My husband was so happy as these are his two favs and was served beyond expectations.  Deliciouso!
Thanks for Jenna for a magical experience!  What amazing service!
I almost want to write a bad review so I can keep this gem  for myself!!!!A south Philly delight!  Good Italian in this city is easy to come by,  but delicious Italian and genuine service take this place up a notch.  We were welcomed as if old friends,  and the dinner was absolutely delicious.  The owner greets every single customer and makes her rounds to ensure that each table feels at home.  Our meal was so darn good!   Started with clams casino and then tried the pumpkin gnocchi special, which was a treat for your tastebuds and perfect for the fall season.  Came with our two children and even our little ones got special treatment too.  Can not wait to come back and try some other entrees!This is the BEST Italian meal I have had in ages. I used to like in the "Burg" (Chambersburg) section of Trenton when it was dotted with Italian restaurants, and have been craving authentic Italian food ever since I moved away.  
In addition to a fabulous menu, Pesto's list of specials was very tempting... everything sounded delicious! The food was exceptional, the service amazing, and everyone in the restaurant were enjoying their night out. Although this was my first visit, they made me feel like family. I will definitely return to try something more, and hopefully will have room for either dessert or a nightcap!Perhaps one of the best restaurants I have found in the world. Unbelievable culinary experience. Whether it is a date, impressing a business client, or showing a loved one you care this is the place.  The owner always greets you, makes you feel at home and you never want to leave.My boyfriend picked this place for us for valentine's dinner after a friend suggested it. Everything was wonderful. The carrots in balsamic are really yummy! To start, we had mussels in white, stuffed portabella mushrooms that were on special, and the chef sent over a complimentary eggplant appetizer that was out of this world delicious. We were completely stuffed after the apps but we managed a few bites of our entrees... chicken fiorentina and a pasta dish with shrimp and lobster. Both were amazing! The staff couldn't have been friendlier or more knowledgeable. We'll definitely visit again!Hands down best Italian food I've had.  Service is amazing!
The anti pasta appetizer was outstanding.   Must say walking in tonight to packed restaurant and owner/host she was so nice to our group and was able to accommodate our group quicklyMy favorite BYO hands down!  Love the service.  I always start with the braciolle.  But the kitchen sent out an extra eggplant parm app.  Delicious!  My favorite dish in the world, the veal mara monte!  What can I say, my favorite in the world.  Desert and espresso are also top notch.Absolutely loved this little gem! 
To start they put fresh bread and this carrot appetizer. Wow, Roasted carrots tossed in a vinaigrette with fresh garlic. YUM
Jackie my server was SOO helpful, knowledgeable and kind. The food was amazing. I ordered a chicken artichoke mozzarella dish and she brought me out an order of the Eggplant Rollatini ( I think that's what it's called). On the house as an appetizer.OMG!!! The best thing ever! 
As I get ready for my check I ask her to get me HER favorite dessert Togo, to just surprise me. So she brings me this Italian Homemade Cheesecake and says "don't worry about it... it's on me" omg I have fallen in love with this place! 
It a small house so it's cozy and you hear everyone's conversations. But it feels like I'm sitting in someone's Grandma's house.Our favorite restaurant ,Concetta showed us her beautiful granddaughter tonight!  The food from the appetizers all the way thru dessert was the best. It always feels like family here!  Very pleased with all the entrees and for the wonderful hostess.  You will not go home hungry.
Joe and KathyExcellent restaurant! I do not care for eggplant, but there appetizer was amazing! At first I thought there was too much gravy with it...but the gravy was spectacular! Will always get this now.
Had the stuffed Veal Chop...excellent.
What made an impression on me was that they have a full bar but allow BYOB wine. A big PLUS for them on that.
Lemon cake desert was home made an also excellent. Will be back...soon!Can't recommend ristorante pesto enough. We had a *delicious* meal (the cavateli with seafood) with genuine, welcoming, and attentive service. It was our first time, and Concetta and the staff made us feel right at home. Thanks for a spectacular experience! I can't wait to go back!It was evening time, on a thursday. No reservations, just dumb luck. My friend was craving italian food, so we hopped on yelp and discovered this lovely place. It was about 1.5 miles from where we were staying, but worth the walk. 
I love caprese salad, so I had to order that. And my friend ordered the prosciutto alfredo. As im gluten intolerant,  i didnt have the pasta, but tried a bite of the prosciutto. It was super delicious. A plate of carrots that had been marinated in balsamic vinegar was brought out with the bread and butter. Then, another plate of bruscetta and grilled sweet peppers, complimentary. The service was spot on. Highly recommend this place if you are in town.Every time I dine at Pesto, the food just gets better and better. 
There are always a plethora of specialty dishes prepared fresh each day which the waitstaff diligently articulates to the table. Typically each special sounds so tempting and there are just so many options, that we request multiple repetitions of the list. 
The dish I can never steer away from? The homemade cavatelli with shrimp, lobster and crab meat. Absolutely delightful! And since the portion is so big, I am able to enjoy it into the week :) 
You can't go wrong with any dishes here. Everything is delectable.
I can't wait to go again!I discovered this restaurant as the number one restaurant on trip advisor. I am a new mom so I called first to see if this restaurant is kid friendly. Upon my phone call, I was greeted with a "let me get you a table and come on over" when I walked in I was greeted with LOVE as if I was family. Wait it gets better! So the server told me all the specials which were quite lengthy and I couldn't believe she can remember all the details of these specials. I ordered the pear salad. Amazing the best poached pears candied walnuts, super fresh , super amazing. The crab and avocado appetizer , amazing! The complimentary eggplant rollatini was so good, I ordered some to take home. My entree was a black linguini with a variety of seafood and the sauce was tasty and not too heavy. I really must say that this was a memorable dining experience. I felt the love in this restaurant. Conchetta my dear, you are amazing and an absolute doll  from start to finish! This restaurant a must!We live in Center City so we've tried every Italian restaurant in South Philadelphia and Center City and can say that none are as wonderful as Pesto.  This is, without a doubt, the best Italian restaurant in Philadelphia.  
We went there the other evening; there were six of us and we had a fabulous meal.  The menu is overwhelming and it comes along with many, many specials.  It's hard to choose.  But the lovely waitresses and waiters will help you make up your mind.  
The food comes hot, yummy and huge.  There will definitely be enough dinner for the next day. 
The piece de resistance is Concetta, the owner of the restaurant.  What a doll!  She makes you feel like you're the most important person in the world.  She'll do everything to make certain you have a wonderful experience.  At the end of the evening, you'll wish that she was your sister or best friend and that you can take her home with you.  
Don't miss this fabulous dining experience!
Congratulations to the staff, the Chef and to Concetta for a top-notch dining experience.This place was amazing!  it was just the perfect small neighborhood restaurant.  We found it on yelp and Trip Advisor.  We are from Florida and wanted the neighborhood experience and we got it. The wait staff was very attentive - right there when the plate needed to be cleared or the water or soda filled.  The owner was amazing - she came by and asked how we were and if this was our first time.  She the brought us two different appetizers which were so delicious.  This was everything we were looking for in our dining in Philadelphia.After 10 years of marriage,  my wife and I celebrated our anniversary at the same place we were engaged,  at Pesto.  That a small Italian restaurant like this is still in business says a lot.  The food was as amazing as we remembered it.  The owner was still on site checking on everyone.   The ambiance is both family and romantic and the Sopranos.  I don't know how they pull it off.  We only live thirty minutes away in NJ so we don't usually think of it but the food was unforgettable.   And the Owner sent us home with a free dessert for our Anniversary.   100% Class!I had the cavatelli with shrimp and lobster and hubby had a chicken dish with shrimp.  Food was absolutely delicious!  The waiter and waitress were very friendly.   Every time they passed the table, they asked if we needed anything amd also if we were enjoying the meal.  Definitely will be back again and recommend to my friends.Awesome Italian spot on broad street.  We parked a few blocks away and it was a nice walk there.  We walked in around 545 and they were already booked up for the night but the owner was able to fit us in right away.  We had complimentary balsamic carrots, bread, and roasted red peppers, and mozzarella. I ordered the veal parmigiana with rose sauce which was outstanding.  My wife had the special which was handmade pasta, with shrimp lobster and crab meat.  This was incredible.  The house wine was very good as well.  I will definitely be back!If your in the mood for some down home south philly flavor this is your place.  The crab stuffed steak is amazing, muscles in garlic and oil delicious! Portions here are humongous so come hungry.
Dining staff is quick and courteous!This restaurant is the place to go. I have been all over Philly, new Jersey,  and Florida and I would still consider this place my favorite restaurant. It has everything the ambiance, great food, and great people. The service is spectacular everyone is welcoming and friendly. We first started our evening with a lengthy special.list that was memorized by our server Jennifer. We ordered the a few appetizers along with a complentary egg plant dish which was amazing. I have never liked egg plants but this dish was so good we even ordered an order to go. Then our dinner was brought out which is an enormous portion. Well worth the price and of course that was outstanding. During the whole course of the meal we were greater by different staff member always accommodating our needs. Make sure you save room because the desserts here are out of this world. They make everything home made. We left with tons of leftovers along with happy full bellies. You can't ask for a better place to go to dinner it is perfect for any occasion, families, and romantic dinners.My Lady and I visited this cozy establishment on Sunday December 3rd, before attending a show at the Walnut Street theatre.  We were quickly welcomed by Connie the owner as we arrived, who by the way made us feel like we were family.  Connie sent complimentary goodies immediately, sautéed carrots and an Amazing eggplant rolatini in a vodka sauce that was delicious.  Jenna, our waitress, was a delightful addition to our evening, making sure our night was complete and even comped our dessert which was a welcomed treat!  Me Lady indulged in the Fettuccine Alfredo with Prosciutto which she later informed me was the BEST she's ever had.  I myself enjoyed the Pollo ai Carciofi which melted in my mouth, tender chicken breast sautéed with artichoke hearts, chopped tomatoes, prosciutto and mozzarella cheese in a white wine sauce.  The ambiance in the establishment is second to none as we enjoyed the happy Christmas chatter that engulfed the tables.  To top it off my Lady and I finished with the best Tiramisu the City has to offer.  Afterwards we headed to the theatre for Annie!  Thank you again Connie and Jenna for making our night complete.  We love you, Merry Christmas to you both and we will see you again soon!!!This was our first time there 
Everything was great food service espresso dessert
Waiter was attentive food was so good we will be back!Ristorante Pesto was recommended by our hotel concierge when we asked for authentic Italian in south Philly. We were not disappointed. Staff was friendly and at the top of their game. Food was delicious. I ordered a seafood pasta that was one of the specials. It was loaded with shrimp and lobster. And portions were generous. Dessert selection looked wonderful but we were all stuffed. I would highly recommend for authentic Italian experience.You want to experience dinner with people who love what they do and do it with loving care, come to Ristorante Pesto. 
 Arrived here with my lovely GG and son Max after his graduation  from Temple University to complete this milestone date we wanted a memorable meal to make it complete. 
 The carrots muh, eggplant rollatini ohhh
Arancini in Marinaraaaah seafood cavitelliiiii veal parm and spinich red roasted peppers stuffed veal chop...  what you want more?  No room for dessert? Not at Concettas' house.  
 There is a reason Pesto tops the list @ BEST ITALIAN RESTAURANT. CIAO BELLAMy wife and I have tried to dine at pesto on 3 occasions. Each time was during the week.  Each time we were turned away and the final time was the last straw.  We were kept waiting at the front for at least 10 minutes, people were leaving, there were clearly empty tables and when the hostess finally arrived at the front, she dismissed us rather carelessly.  I think that because we were not considered "regulars", we were not shown courtesy.  I guess we are not welcomeOur first visit to Ristorante Pesto.  We were greeted by the owner upon entering the restaurant and she made us feel like family. The prices are very reasonable and the food amazing. I had shrimp and lobster over pasta which was excellent. Staff was friendly and professional especially our server Jackie. You will not be disappointed!I live very close to this spot and I think this place is very good. I've been here no less than 20 times. Everything is consistently very good. I recommend the pasta dishes as well as the braciole app along with the bacon wrapped shrimp app. I think that the meat dishes are only OK but the seafood dishes are exceptional. Given how much I have been the specials can get to be a little repetitive and boring since nothing about them changes too much. However, you can't really go wrong here and I also think that they are a step above some of the other Italian BYOBs along South Broad Street.
Definitely worth a try if you're in the area and looking for a cute BYO.We just had an amazing dinner at Ristorante Pesto!! As wonderful as the food was, the service was terrific. We started with carrots in balsamic vinegar-- a freebie for the table. This was followed by a generous plate of bruschetta, roasted peppers and mozzarella cheese "because it was our first time". We felt so welcomed. We then enjoyed an appetizer of eggplant rollatini with spinach- a special that day. My husband had a seafood pasta dish that he loved and I had chicken with artichokes. Throughout the meal, we were checked on constantly and when my husband over did the hot pepper making his dish inedible, it was cheerfully replaced. I can't remember that ever happening before, especially since it was entirely his fault. They even placed a sparkler in our dessert since it was my birthday!
By the end of the meal we felt like we had dined with friends and cant wait to return the next time we are in Philadelphia.We were so kindly welcomed by the beautiful and friendly owner Concetta and waitress Rita last night while taking our son out for a birthday dinner.  As soon as we walked in we could feel the authentic Italian flare. There was also a big birthday party going on in the other room.  Great place for a party or a quiet dinner.  The food was outstanding as well as the staff and service.  Our son found the restaurant on TripAdvisor who rated it #1 in Philly and we would totally agree!!!!YUM!!
In short, everything we ordered tasted like a small piece melting heaven in your mouth.  The bruschetta was super fresh.  The Portabella alla Parmigiana appetizer was to die for.  My dish, the Gnocchi al Pesto was simply devine and I couldn't stop eating every savory bite.  Two of the people I was with had the Linguine alla Scogliera--the fish was fresh and the amount of sauce was not overwhelming.  I also tasted the veal dish and it was juicy.
Did I mention BYOB?!
The atmosphere was comfortable.  When we got there, the dinner crowd was just starting to arrive.  Once the place was bumping, our service didn't suffer.  In fact, I felt like we had more visitors at the table.  
The family at Ristorante Pesto wants you to feel as though you are a part of that family and, thus, we'll be back.Just fantastic all around. Terrific food (I'd recommend chicken parm with bruschetta as an app and the Oreo ice cream cake for dessert), atmosphere, service, all for a reasonable price (especially if you byob). Conchetta (the owner) really knows how to make her guests feel special as I came here after graduating from Temple Law and was made to feel right at home. We'll be back!I am so confused by all of these rave reviews.  When my boyfriend and I went a few weekends ago, the food was absolutely horrible.  I left as hungry as I came because the dishes were borderline inedible.  We started with the calamari which wasn't too bad.  I had the Salmone alla Griglia, which was really, really basic and plain.  It was just a heap of salmon over a bed of greens.  The sauce was nearly non-existent and the salmon was tough and dry.  I honestly can't remember what he had, but I know we were both disappointed.  Our waitress was very sweet, but even with her kindness I wouldn't go back.Outstanding food! Excellent service and reasonably priced. 
The staff gives you a "I'm eating at my Italian friend's house" feel. 
I ordered, and highly recommend, the Penne Primavera in rose' sauce and the cheesecake for dessert. 
This is a must try Italian restaurant in South Philly!My boyfriend had been here many, many times before and was always ranting and raving about the food, the service and the ambiance. After trying to come here for dinner for 6-months or so, I had my expectations set very high...and let me tell you, Pesto lived up to all the hype! The service was excellent, we didn't have to wait too long for our starter to be brought out, and they paid attention to when we were finishing up and brought dinner out promptly after. The food was excellent. Bread, cornbread and carrots are brought to your table upon seating, and the balsamic glaze on the roasted carrots was absolutely to-die-for. For dinner, get a special. Listen closely as your waiter goes through the extensive list, each entree sounds more delectable than the last. If they are offering the sun-dried tomato and pesto ravioli, I would highly suggest it. For dessert, I opted for a drink, which was fantastic. A creamy martini with mango and peach flavors that hit the spot for an after-dinner treat. On top of the fantastic time that we had, the meal was quite affordable as well. I would highly suggest Pesto to any and everyone!My boyfriend and I come here for our fancy dinners, promotions, birthdays, valentines day, etc. this place never fails. Absolutely amazing, the people are wonderful and the food is better than any other italian I have ever had. I really don't understand how one could give this place a bad review!Been coming to this place for years now.. LOVE IT 
The best place to bring friends and out of town visitors! The menu is fantastic and the specials are even better. 
Came this past Saturday with 4 couples. We did family style appetizers ( not offered on the menu but the server was more than  happy to accommodate our larger hungry group). The eggplant rolantini is to die for! Pretty much everything can come in a rose sauce- Highly recommend trying their rose- best in the city!
If you are thinking about checking this place out, think no more- do it! You wont regret Ristorante Pesto!Dinner was ok at this restaurant.  I was there with 6 people and the reviews were mixed, but nobody was blown away by their meal.  My mom got a veal dish and she said the veal just didn't taste right, almost like it was going bad.  I had gnocchi with pesto.  The gnocchi was fabulous, but the pesto sauce was too rich and overpowering.  The highlight was the carrots and balsamic that they brought out to our table!Places like Pesto make the impossible parking and shady back streets of South Philly totally worth navigating!  The authenticity of the food and Italian hospitality will surely be enough to drive me out of my comfortable northeast Philly confines in the months and years to come.
Going to a restaurant named Pesto, I, of course, had to try the pesto sauce.  It was fabulous; heavier and more substantial than other pesto I've had but much more flavorful as well.  The gnocchi upon which the pesto was served were delicious also.
I realize I'm jumping around a bit here, but the carrots they put on the table along with their bread were very unique and delicious, if you like balsamic vinager that is.  Thankfully I do so I indulged (if one can indulge in carrots).  My one and only criticism would be to serve better bread with the aforementioned carrots.  With such great authentic Italian food why compromise on the bread?
Having sampled bites of my fellow diners' entrees I can say that everything served to us was fabulous.  We really ran the gamut at my table (seafood, chicken and pasta) and all of the meals were done very well.
I'd highly recommend Pesto to anyone searching Philly for good Italian fare.  Although the menu does not have a ton of options, Pesto does offer a lot of daily specials; and what they do they do incredibly well.  Can't wait to get back!Our Airbnb host recommended this gem and it was one of the best dinner experiences to date.
The host Kathy welcomed us and was more than accommodating considering they were packed and we did not have a reservation.
Our server Eric was the epitome of attentive and suggested dishes sure to impress.   
Dinner was amazing with the three of us ordering different dishes with different sauces and sharing.  We finished in the same fashion sharing three different but equally delicious deserts.  
The busboy/assistant kept our water, bread and other drinks full.
I only know names as I was so thouroughly impressed that I asked.
Food was beyond amazing and the service even better.  Makes sense all the accolades in the foyer.  Can't wait to visit my daughter next year and visit for dinner.
MikeAn amazing experience!!!! Concetta was a complete delight! Eric made a fantastic recommendation of entree, always listen to what he says. We were so happy that we made a reservation for the day after we get back from our honeymoon. Thank you guys so much! Cannot wait to come back!One of the best Italian restaurants in Philly.  Concetta squeezed in our party of 8 at 5:30 on a Sunday night, she's amazing.  Highlights were the marinated carrots, eggplant app, fried shrimp/bacon app, pear salad, homemade pasta and grilled salmon entree.  The veal parm was the size of the plate and delicious.  4 adults and 4 children (ages 5 - 3 weeks)Loved the homey atmosphere, and the food was outrageous! I can't add anything more to what has already been said but I will say the family favorite (take note that everything was delicious) was the eggplant they had on special that night (4/7/18). Our server was solicitous and constantly asked if we needed anything (not annoyingly though!). Owner Concetta was on-hand and periodically checked on how we were doing. Our family felt like family - and we'll definitely be back!Without a doubt this is my favorite restaurant in philly. The pasta is incredible! The staff are super friendly and helpful as well. The owner comes table to table and is super friendly. You wont be disappointed!I live in Virginia but was raised in the Philly area. We wanted to take my parents out for a nice retirement dinner and we could not have picked a better place! We had never been here before and immediately when we walked in we were treated like family!! The atmosphere is perfect, the staff is so welcoming and nice, and the food was just AMAZING. Literally everything we had was delicious!! I can't recommend this place enough. We will definitely be back!! Thank you for a great evening!!This place is unbelievably good. Can't go wrong with any of the entrees, the service is amazing, and the prices are reasonable. Has to be the best in Philly. Will come back again!Don't usually write reviews, but felt compelled after the gastronomic delight which was my party's meal here, as well as meeting the equally charming owner on the way out. Best gnocchi hands down I've ever had. Amazing bruschetta, eggplant and balsamic carrot apps. Endless specials - which the servers somehow have memorized to a T. Charming atmosphere, superlative service and all the best of South Philly - what's not to like?! Went here on the first night I met my girlfriend's parents, most recently went with my girlfriend's sister and boyfriend, and hope to make it a tradition of sorts (if we can get a reservation!) for many years to come. Can't recommend more.My wife and I decided on Ristorante Pesto for our belated Valentines Dinner before a show at the Wells Fargo Center.  We sat down at a nice table and were greeted kindly by our server.  We were given bread and butter and a nice balsamic vinegar carrot disht.  My wife had a wonderful Insalata Alla Gorgonzola Salad to start.  We were then given an eggplant rolotini on the house while we waited for our meals, which was incredible.  I had the Linguine Pescatora and my wife enjoyed the Shrimp Scampi in a tasty cognac cream sauce. We paired our dinner with some white wine. The hostess/owner stopped by several times to check on us and to chat a bit about our night.  Everyone was very pleasant and the food was excellent.  Definitely a nice find in Philly and will definitely be on our list to come back to again!First time visitor,  my sister and brother in law highly recommended.
Nice place a little crowded by layout but awesome food and very friendly weight staff. 
I had the lamb parm. Very good 5 stars to the chef.  Seemed very authentic Italian restaurant .
Would go again, good place to get decent food at a fair price.As always, when traveling find that special local place that prepares food from the heart. I accomplished just that! Ristorante Pesto is a family owed/operated business known to the locals of Philadelphia. Very small but quaint with an old Italian flair. Since seating is limited, I highly recommend reservations. The staff is friendly, and from my observation they were part of the family to all of their patrons. 
Their menu has something for everyone. Personally, I try to limit my gluten intake, but that doesn't stop me from good ole fashioned Italian food. I had the fresh tuna (prepared medium) over fresh greens, drizzled in a homemade vinaigrette dressing. Fabulous! While waiting, we were served their special pickled carrots ( best way to describe)Yes, different but delicious. In addition, they were so kind to offer me their eggplant stuffed shells (I highly recommend) on the house. I couldn't resist. My taste buds were doing a happy dance. The prices were very modest considering  all of the food...Warning large portions. Come in as a customer, leave as part of the family, I can't wait till our paths cross again.Honestly , Italian food your looking for ,, this is the place to eat !! I eat at 2 places when I'm in the mood for Italian food here ,and spasso and spasso  is farther from so I eat more frequently at pesto !! Food is great owners are fabulous !! Connie the host gives you a warm welcome and a nice smile !! Service is great !! Not to priceyyyy either !!!!!This is the Best Italian restaurant in the city by far!! The atmosphere was great and the food was freshly made to order. Reservations are needed and it's a BYOB.Last night I was here for the first time. Hard to get reservations, you should call a week ahead for a reservation. The food is home style and excelent. Portions are huge. Will defenattely be back soon.
Thank you for for the excellent service and the quality of your food.One of the best dining experiences I've ever had. Super friendly and attentive service and great food from apps through dessert. Besides the yummy marinated carrots we also got a complimentary plate of bruschetta and a free dessert. It was our first time here but we were treated like regulars. Can't wait to come back.This restaurant has extremely delicious food.  It is cozy but not too tight.  The staff was friendly and efficient.  My family and I came here after the Philadephia Marathon looking to enjoy a filling but tasty meal and they more than delivered.  Going down as one of the best Italian places I've had in Philly.  Prices were good too! Will definitely be back. Loved it so much got a gift card for family so they can enjoy it too!This was a phenomenal dining experience at a surprisingly reasonable price. The service and food were perfect. Highly recommend. I have no complaints.Comfortable, semi-fancy decor (no need to dress up or anything) on Broad St. just up from where Passyunk meets Broad.  So, the location is pretty convenient for anyone in the Italian Market neighborhood that stretched down into South Philly.  BYOB, so pick up a cheap bottle or two on the way over.
They had an overwhelming lists of specials!  Even though the waiter recited and recalled each dish with precision, it would have been better if they had them printed out.  Waaay to much to remember.
Bread was decent and plentiful.  Every table also got a somewhat strange plate of cooked carrots and potatoes along with the bread.  Not a custom I was familiar with, but tasty nonetheless. Fried calamari appetizer was traditional and tasty, not that you can easily mess that one up.   The other appetizer was a shrimp wrapped in bacon wrapped in a puff pastry that was pretty tasty.  
I tried the special salad, which was a walnut/sun dried tomato combo w/ house balsamic vinaigrette that I quite enjoyed.  It was a big damn salad too, so I can't complain.
As for the entrees, everybody seemed to enjoy.  The pasta dish my stepmom ordered was HUGE, my chicken special (topped with eggplant, roasted red peppers in a red sauce) had two sizable pieces of chicken.  Actually, my dad (who ordered veal medallions in a cream sauce) was the only one who actually finished his dish.
Plus I think everything was exceptionally well priced, especially for the size of the dishes--obviously we took home a healthy portion of left-overs on 2 out of 3 dishes, which is always a plus in my book.
Check this place out--classic Italian food done well.My wife and I have been here a few times after being introduced to the restaurant by some friends that live in South Philly.  The food is fantastic and they have more specials than what is on the menu so you know the food is fresh.  The staff is also friendly and treat you like family.  We would definitely recommend this fantastic place!First time at the restaurant- found it highly rated on Yelp.  Upon entering, greeted by Connie the owner. She was so polite and helpful. It was no problem coming in without reservations (party of 5) and in casual clothing.  Our waiter was top notch, friendly and efficient.  Connie hooked us up with some extra plates of appetizers which was very much appreciated. Everything we tasted was so delicious. We'll definitely be back.I will be going back again and again. Wow. A true family friendly place. The wife of the chef greets you at the door to start. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. I haven't even begun about the food we got. Ha. From all the apps to the main course. Not one thing we had to complain about or anything. Everything was fresh and so damn delicious. Only thing I could complain is that I had no more room to try anything else. There's no substitutions on the menu and that there will be doing you the favor. I got the steak and came out perfect. My gf got the veal and she's always the picky one. Not one thing I heard her say besides when are we coming back. Desert was great. My gf was having tough time deciding what to get. And the chef daughter was there and suggested and tried to tell her about them. She than brought out the desert and said just try it. If don't like it send it back. Again my girl was happy. We will be back shortly. Great place.Um, can you say delish?  This is the type of place you'll either find an absolute favorite or get a different special each time.  The special menu the night I went was nearly as long as the menu!  I had a pasta with seafood in a vodka sauce.  As my date described, it was a "stick to your bones" type of pasta, thick and doughy.  And the portion was so big it was able to feed me another 3 times!!!  
Overal,, excellent service, delicious food and great atmosphere.  I'd definitely go again!Omg the absolute best choice we made in Philly! The only question I had is that if the owner was boring? WRONG! She made us feel like family the second we walked in the door. Great atmosphere and the food is even better!This is the second time my boyfriend and I ate here, and we once again were amazed with the food, service and overall experience. Concetta is a doll, and really makes that place feel like a home! I already can't wait to go back!I just moved to the neighborhood back in July and was told I had to try this place and I loved it. BYOB, food was delicious, kept giving us freebies cause they knew it was my first time coming in! Concetta is the best, so friendly, great recommendations, and kept checking on us to see how we were. Service was great! Also the Nutella soufflé might've been the best dessert I've ever had. Definitely coming back!Went here once.. Food was great! Only thing I didn't like was the feel of it. It looks like a fancy Italian restaurant, but the workers weren't dressed like it, nor talked like they were working in a nice place. They were very nice though! Other than the manner of the employees, the experience was great and will definitely return.If you're looking for delicious and authentic Italian food, look no further.  Pesto has an amazing atmosphere and is my hands down italian restaurant in Philly.Byob. Had a group dinner. I have been here twice. The service for the group dinner wasn't so good. But had a great time when it was just two of us. I recommend this place.Had my birthday dinner here! Great food, app on the house and a sparkler candle in my dessert!! The owner I believe her name is Maria, was amazing and made sure we had a great time! Thank you pesto!Nice Italian restaurant on South Broad St.  Being from south Jersey, I was a little leary of the parking but got extremely lucky and found a spot directly out front!( Bring quarters for the meters- 2 hours max-we had to go out and put more quarters in as we were there for 3 hrs) This was the start of good things. Our group of ten had the back room. We reserved it about 2 weeks prior and for 5pm (not my favorite time to eat but we had to accommodate everyone) We got some apps family style and they were all delicious - the shrimp wrapped in bacon in a puff pastry, the eggplant rolllintini and mushrooms stuffed with crabmeat. The bread was so-so for an Italian place but the misto dish (Italians meats and cheeses) made up for it! Everyone enjoyed their entrees and we all got something different. Dessert was also excellent. It's a little pricey -even though we brought our own wine-but everyone agreed that the food was very good. They have a full bar for those who wish to drink a cocktail. They also have many dessert drinks and coffees.  Never felt rushed and our waitress was good.My boyfriend and I had a really wonderful first visit to Ristorante Pesto Tuesday night. He has a severe allergy to something that shows up in most every savory dish and the staff worked very hard not only to accommodate us, but to make sure we had many choices from which to choose. We were hosted very warmly, and our server, Jackie, was terrific! Really tasty complementary antipasti of roasted peppers and mozzarella, and balsamic carrots were brought out, and we ordered Veal Parmigiana with a rose sauce and pesto gnocchi, both of which were rich and delicious! very flavorful. As an Italian American, I felt really at home here. Go! And make sure you're hungry, because portions are huge :PI've been here twice and will not return.  The last time I went my husband had mussels and spaghetti...........for the price they charged for the teeniest, tiniest, mussels I ever saw........and, to add insult to injury, the very small amount of mussels you got, it was not worth the money..........their food isn't all that great.Amazing! The staff was so friendly and attentive.  The food was great and the owner gave us free appetizers that were out of this world! She even gave my girlfriend a quick tour of the kitchen and it was impeccable.  I highly recommend this restaurant!I have personally never been to an establishment that was this pitiful in my life. The staff was decent but the owners are complete trash. The husband and wife scream at each other like maniacs. They talk to the staff like they are garbage and the language they use openly is on par with truckers. They will smile at you and turn around and scream and curse as if you're not there. 
The food was mediocre at best. If Olive Garden is the Italian McDonalds then Ristorante Pesto is the Burger King. The smaller brother with worse customer service. 
I am still absolutely appalled at the behavior of the owners. Seriously reminded me of two disrespectful children who were never reprimanded as kids. Which brings me to the next point.
Their daughter came in to the restaurant and started screaming at staff members as if they were her slaves. I've never seen such an incompetent disrespectful little brat in my life. But it made sense when I saw her parents and how they acted.The staff did a great job with our aunts 90th birthday party last night. A good time had by all.
Although we knew the reviews were great we still were pleasantly surprised with how good the food was. The antipasti which consisted of balsamic marinated carrots and a large salad with balsamic and olive oil and a wonderful dish of roasted peppers and little mozzarella balls accompanied by great bread.
The Penne with Rose sauce was very good not salty at all and became wonderfully tasty with a little bit of Romano cheese and black pepper.
The chicken breast with prosciutto and Swiss in Marsala wine was good my wife enjoyed her flounder stuffed with crabmeat Imperial and the vegetables accompanying the dish were very good.
We noticed on our way out that a few doors up pesto has a highly rated Pizza establishment that we will look forward to trying in the future.This was our first time at Ristorante Pesto and we definitely will be back. Came for my fiancee's birthday who loves Italian food, especially the linguine in white sauce with clams, mussels and shrimp. He felt this meal was comparable to a dinner we had at a 5 star resort in Mexico; a meal that he has always raved about.  My veal dish with shrimp, crab and mushrooms in a demiglace sauce was absolutely fantastic. The next day we were both still commenting what a great dinner we had and how we can't wait to go back again.   The staff and service were terrific, very attentive, stopping numerous times to check in on us. Besides having a extensive menu, one of the great things about this establishment was although they have a full liquor license they allow you to bring in your own bottle of wine with no corking fee. The place was full and we were fortunate to get in due to a last minute cancelation. I highly recommend making a reservation several days ahead especially if you plan to go on the weekend. There is street parking or you can use a hospital's parking lot about 1 bloc away.You know a restaurant is good when it's still packed at 8pm on a Tuesday night! My boyfriend and I are visiting Philly from NY, and we were looking for a place to eat near the apartment we're staying at. I'm so glad we decided on Restaurante Pesto! The staff was so incredibly nice and attentive. I truly felt like I was eating at someone's house because of how warm and friendly the staff was. And the food was phenomenal! They served us endless bread before the meal, and they also sent over some delicious balsamic-marinated carrots. I normally don't like carrots, but I couldn't keep my hands off these things. In addition to that, they also sent us this portobello mushroom parmesan appetizer that was topped in a creamy red sauce. These appetizers were complementary, we hadn't ordered them, they just brought them to our table. That's another reason why I felt like I was eating at an italian mother's house, the food just did not stop coming. We could hardly eat our pasta entrees, but that's okay because the portions were so generous and we'll be eating the leftovers tonight. Everything about this place was superb, from the food to the staff, It was a great way to start off our trip to Philly! I will definitely be returning when back in town.We needed a place to hold a dinner for several of our friends the night before a memorial service. We were looking for a restaurant in South Philly that makes great southern Italian food, is reasonably priced, takes reservations and credit cards(not so easy to find somewhere that met all requirements). At least until we discovered Pesto. 
Located on South Broad Street in an unassuming looking store front, once you step inside you feel right at home in the two nice size dining rooms. Part of the reason for feeling so good is the female half of the wonderful couple that owns the restaurant. - Concetta.She oversees the front of house and dining room staff and attends to her customers making sure everyone is happy. She is the one I spoke to about setting everything up and she was just awesome. She put us in a special room seated next to the front window, giving us as much privacy as you can in a sold out restaurant during prime dining hours on Friday before Memorial Day.
One of the more unique things about Pesto is they allow you to bring in your own wine even though they have a full bar and they don't charge a corkage fee.
Our waitress was great, starting with her ability to rattle off 15 specials for the night from memory. She did a super job along with her team of helpers.
They started out by bringing us bread and carrots marinated in balsamic vinegar that was delicious. 
The food is headed up by husband Giovanni. And it's as good as any Italian food you will find in Philly. Be forewarned that the kitchen does not alter the recipe as described in the menu or specials - it comes exactly with no changes allowed. But when you get the amazing quality coming from their kitchen that's okay. 
We ordered appetizers we shared with the table: fried calamari, clams casino, bruschetta and Capri salad. They were delicious.
For my main course, I had Lobster Fra Diablo over linguini that was spectacular. Shrimp, clams and mussels as well as large pieces of lobster were plentiful in huge portion on a large plate that tasted too good to waste a bite.
The others at our table had such choices as lamb chops, fresh fish, chicken piccata. Everyone raved about their meal.
For desert,we had sorbet and coffee. 
This is a GREAT restaurant. I highly recommend it.
PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT - be careful parking on the side streets. It's 2 hours non-metered parking and some ambitious ticket writer decided to leave a nice 26 dollar fine for my exceeding the time by only 15 minutes. It's why I don't dine in Philly more often.I had Italian food all over the world. Even from places in Italy that I couldn't find on the map. This restaurant definitely became one of the top of my list. Now I just found myself another reason to fly 6 hours to Philly. Enjoy! Everything is "Great", not just good!Pesto is great, but only for certain items.
I recommend the classic pesto gnocchi, and the spaghetti with clams is very good. My folks have gotten the beef-centric entrees here and been very happy. I also dig the veg antipasto and the freebie balsamic carrots they set out.
This is definitely a neighborhood joint, where half the waitstaff live around the corner (and/or are family). As such, the service is definitely quirky and most definitely South Philly. All friendly, confident and knowledgeable though.
I will admit I had the oddest Caesar salad of my life here, watery and weird. Other special salads are a bit over the top on the sweet raspberry vinaigrette side of things, but still tasty and indulgent.
Go midweek with some wine, also good for kids!They have a liquor license now but still allow you to bring in your own wine 7 days a week. One of the best byob restaurants in the city. You will not be disappointed. There are always a ton of specials, don't fret over the menu and try one. There are usually about 5-10 dinner specials.Very relaxing atmosphere, fantastic food and great service at a very reasonable price.  I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a relaxing evening.Best Italian in the City!  Great atmosphere Concetta made us feel as if we were in her home!  Excellent wine as well!Delicious Italian food and awesome service! I called at 3 to make a reservation for that night but they were all booked up. 10 minutes later the hostess called me back even though I didn't even leave my number, and told me they had a table available! We got there, ordered, got some delicious bread and balsamic carrots and had a free appetizer of portobello mushrooms. Delicious! Food was amazing, I had the shrimp scampi in the rose sauce. Everyone in my party was happy with their dinner and we had very attentive service. 5 stars.Loved this place the food was incredible...we had a waiter on his first night out...he was great...no bar to sit at but we remedied that by going around the block to Paladinos....if you want excellent food go here...wonderful, wonderful place to dine! owner is a doll, the staff is warm and welcoming. my veal parm was devine!! also try the eggplant parm. delish! and for desert the rich chocolate cake...no words for how wonderful it was! went with 3 friends and we all talked about how great it was on our way home...awesome!!This review might be a little longer than normal  so if you're not into reading long stories, The short of it is, this is one of the best small family owned restaurants in Philadelphia.  If there were six stars they would have it after tonight's dinner.
Called for reservations yesterday for 6 and they were actually full, but I told the owner we were in town for a show and she said if we came in at 6:30 something should open for the two of us.  Arrived at 6:30 and were seated in just a few minutes. Full restaurant but not overly hectic.  As a matter of fact laid back.  Brought our own wine even though they have a full bar, they don't charge a corkage fee if you bring your own,
Bread and an appetizer of sliced carrots in a balsamic sauce were quickly brought our table Bread fresh and went well with the olive oil on the table.  Carrots were nothing I ever would have thought of and they were outstanding.  Bread very good dipped in balsamic sauce.
Our server Eric took our order and opened our wine. Had looked over menu in advance so were pretty sure what we wanted.  Ordered the Misto Italiano ($14.00) appetizer.      Told him we would order dinner after getting appetizer.  Misto Italiano came and I had to ask if I accidently ordered dinner.  It was big enough for four.  Excellent choice of meats including salami, mortadella, prosciutto and and another dried Italian salami.  Also included fresh mozzarella and two hard cheeses and a large amount of roasted red peppers.  Wow, Great. 
Ordered Shrimp Scampi ($20.00).. Three choices of sauces that all looked good so I asked Eric to surprise me.  Brought me the cognac cream sauce was great.  NO skimping on shrimp..Excellent and will have the other half for lunch tomorrow.  Wife got Pollo alla Bolognese ($18.00) which was also very-very good with excellent side of potatoes and veggies.
Desert? You're kidding me.  So full and happy could not order.
One other thing.  This is the second time I've been to Pesto.  First was a good number of years ago when we got to meet Concetta's (co-owner) Father.  Had written up in previous Yelp review, but I guess Yelp drops reviews after a number of years.  Four of us were dining when and met Concetta's Father.  He was walking by in a Bally's jacket and we stopped him to talk about Atlantic City.  He was soon sitting down talking to us like we were family.  What a great person and so sad to hear he passed away two years ago.  Can't buy memories like that.Everything about this place was amazing. The family-run atmosphere was very welcoming, as we were approached by the owner on multiple occasions. The waiter was very nice and very helpful when it came to choosing our food options. Complimentary apps such as balsamic glazed carrots and bruschetta were placed on the table. And the food was out of this world. My girlfriend and I split the caesar salad which was perfect. We also split the eggplant rollatini special which was a truly a one-of-a-kind dish... It was so rich and decadent, and the sauce was amazing. The Mrs ordered chicken francese and I ordered a veal marsala type dish. Both of these were amazing and the dishes were huge. Ristorante Pesto gets 3 thumbs up!! I'm definitely coming back here!Couldn't say enough about this place. From the small but not-too-small atmosphere, the extensive special list. Everyone there is warm and and welcoming. Get he portobellos appetizer!The food here is amazing, but the only thing upstaging it is the SERVICE!  The staff is so unbelievably friendly - I think they checked on us 15 times throughout dinner and brought us complimentary appetizers, complimented our clothing, etc.  They made you feel like part of the family.  My only caveat is you have to make a reservation in advance because it books quickly - we waited until the last minute and couldn't get a table until 9p (and the restaurant was still packed).
To start we had mussels in white wine - super good but be ready for garlic!  We also had the special which was a grilled portobello topped with lump crab and mozzarella finished with a rose sauce - I could've just gotten, like, three of these and made it my dinner it was that good.  Gnocchi, veal, garlic bread - by the time we left we were stuffed.
The best part is it's BYOB so we had all of that food for about $50!!  Can't beat it.Fabulous, fabulous, fabulous. I brought my out of town parents here last night and everything was perfection. Probably the best blush sauce and chicken parm I've ever had. Our server Eric was adorable and attentive. One of my favorite things was the portobello mushroom parm appetizer- which was on the house! This is a contender for the best Italian food in Philly, and they couldn't have been more kind. Go! You won't be disappointed.Went for my husbands birthday.  Wonderful. Food and service were great. What a neighborhood gem!The best Italian restaurant in Philadelphia. All home made and with careful attention. I was so lucky to find this place while traveling. We ate the most fabulous eggplant appetizer tender bracole,the veal monde n mare that was on the Racheal ray show. And the gelati was honestly heavenly. This is a must go they will not disappoint you.Where do I start... 
I should have been more thorough in my reservation process, that much I can say, I drove 3 hours on a Saturday night to have my birthday dinner at ristorante pesto just to find out they were booked for the evening. Concetta however, with no obligation what so ever, and being the great person that she is, managed to get us in for the evening. It's not the first time I've visited the restaurant but I'm always amazed at how excellent and consistent the service is at ristorante pesto. Not only did she make my weekend but she also showed what Philadelphia is known for, "brotherly love." Something I cherish and hold dear, so much so I that before I left I gave her a great hug. Thank you so much Concetta and I will be seeing you again soon. 
I'm sure you'll remember me if you think of northern Virginia and you mentioning Norfolk and where you mom lives. :) 
William I. Aviles 
Thanks again. You're the best.Grew up not far from here and I'm a Jersey girl now but this recommended restaurant was worth every minute it took to cross the Walt Whitman bridge to get here. From the waitress who was excellent to our authentic Italian dinner this place is not to be missed. Carrots in balsamic dressing. Chicken soup. Fish. Chicken. Seafood. Vegetables. Bruschetta. Shrimp wrapped in a flaky crust. Gelato. And the most heavenly smelling coffee!  The owner made a lovely visit to the table to make sure we had everything we needed. Our waitress was never intrusive. She never interrupted our conversation. I can only say that this restaurant is a must do. But please make a reservation. It's truly authentic. We will return and recommend to all our friends.If you want a taste of southern Italy in its most authentic form, come here! What an amazing restaurant. Not only was the food delicious, but the owner made this restaurant feel like my Nonna's house on Sunday afternoon. The gnocchi was cooked perfectly, and the homemade orecchiette was fantastic with the house-made pesto. And the best part? The portions are huge! I can't say enough about this wonderful restaurant. Next time we are in Philly, this is the first place we'll come for the best Italian food in the city. Thanks again!I had my birthday dinner here. Great little gem in south philly. Great service and had such a nice experience. The food was delicious and very generous portions. Everyone was so friendly and I will be back again!Left a message on their answering machine Concetta called back within minutes and confirmed our reservation. She is so kind and sweet and very apologetic if she couldn't seat us.
Eric the waiter was fabulous and suggested his favorites his busboy was always clearing our dishes, filling our water and asking if we needed anything.  Our appetizers were scrumptious, our dinners were superb WE WILL BE BACK!This is a must stop when we go to Philly. Real Italian food. The waitress knew all the specials by heart and there were a lot. We always have a tough time deciding since it is all good. We got a few desserts so we could all share. Make sure to make a reservation, because it was packed even on a Sunday night.I had dinner here on Thursday, 8/4/16 and it was without a doubt the greatest dining experience of my life. The atmosphere was lovely and the staff was extremely attentive. Our server was extremely helpful and the manager came by to make sure everything was to our liking. There was a slight delay for he entrées because they were busy, and the management have us a complimentary dish of this lovely tomato/mozzarella concoction, (I didn't find out the name of it, but it was delightful!) They have a full bar, but still allow outside wine to be brought in and they charge nothing for uncorking. The food was absolutely exquisite, from appetizers to dessert. I would highly recommend this restaurant to absolutely anyone and I will definitely be back in the future!What an amazing experience!! Being visitors to the city we arrived not knowing it would be packed. While they were unable to get us in right away we were assured if we came back in an hour we wouldn't regret it. A complimentary sample of the portabello appetizer was sent out and it was divine. I ordered one of the specials it was a pasta dish with shrimp and lobster and it was delicious and a very large portion. The food was amazing but even more than that the lady at the front had an amazing demeanor. Her energy and happiness was truly infectious. I definitely recommend this place.. it's worth any wait.This is by far my wife and I's favorite Italian restaurant in South Philly. The fact that they are BYOB is a huge bonus too. The gnocchi is amazing.My husband Emelio and I went to Restaurant Pesto for a post-Valentine's day dinner. The owner Concetta was delightful-she even gave us a tour of the kitchen! We had the eggplant rollatini and roasted peppers appetizer - delicious and great portion size! They gave us a complimentary appetizer of shrimp wrapped in bacon in a puff pastry, also divine. I was so stuffed I could not eat barely any of my cavatelli entree ( which was also very good). My husband had the veal saltimbocca, which he loved. We also received a complimentary piece of cheesecake, which was better than what I got at a nearby bakery. All in all, a most delightful experience and I will definitely be back!Sadly no longer a BYOB, but insanely welcoming and the food is great. A genuine South Philadelphia classic, not to be missed by locals.I had a restaurant.com voucher and came to check the place out. The portion size are huge! My friend and I both had to take food home but we didn't mind because the food is amazing.My mate and I came here for Valentine's Day dinner 2017. I called them at around 4:45/5pm the night of and they let me know they had a cancellation at 6:15 and 7:45 so I chose the earlier time. At around 6 I realized we were running way late and had to cancel. I called them and they were so nice and accommodating, asking what time would work best for me. Even though they had a full house, they were able to find us a lovely table the second we walked in. 
Upon entering, we were greeted and handed a mini box of chocolates! How cute! It instantly put a smile on my face. Anyways, we were told they had a full bar, but that you could bring wine with no additional corkage fee, and they were right! We brought both a bottle of red and a bottle of champagne, and they opened both, brought us both red wine glasses AND champagne glasses, and provided us with a cute champagne cooler/stand to keep our bubbly cold. We felt very fancy. 
We were given a perfect amount of time to decide what we wanted to eat (the server wasn't too pushy or disappeared for 20 mins). However, when he read us the specials he did so very quickly and I had to ask him to repeat at least 4 of them (there were many...maybe too many), but it was a nice touch that he had them memorized. Having served food myself I know the extra touch this provides. 
In the process of deciding what we wanted, the owner or manager (female, black hair) stopped by our table to greet us and tell us that their eggplant special that night was to die for and that they had a special menu item that was featured on the Rachel Ray show. She asked how we heard about them and I said "Yelp" and she smiled. 
Anyways, my mate ordered the fettuccine with prosciutto and I got the salmon with all the shellfish (I can't remember the name). After ordering, we were brought bread and balsamic roasted/soaked carrots. My suggestion to them would be to serve the bread warm and to serve butter in dishes, not plastic individual things. For such a. I e place, it was odd to see butter come in that form. I would imagine seeing it in dishes would be cheaper as well, but who knows. The balsamic carrots though...sounds odd and I raised an eyebrow when they came (I have never heard of that before) but they were very very good. I took the rest home. Apparently the chef makes his or her own balsamic. Mmm. 
After about 5 mins, despite not having ordered the eggplant app at the recommendation of both the owner/manager (we were just not that hungry), behold! They bring one out anyway! On the house! I am mad we didn't order this at their suggestion because, despite the amazing meal, this was undeniably the best part. Good job, guys. Very authentic. 
We enjoyed our meals. The portions were large. The salmon dish I got with other seafood was absolute LOADED with lump crab meat (an absolute steal for the price). 
We finished our evening with espresso and a cannoli to go. Overall a fantastic experience. The reason I didn't give all of the starts is because of 1) the cold bread, 2) the butter packets and 3) the specials. Too many and spoken too quickly. Otherwise, keep up the good work. I will be back!!!We were visiting Philadelphia from New York for the weekend and read online that this was one of the best Italian places in the area.  We were not disappointed.
Concetta greeted us with open arms, both literally and figuratively, and it only took off from there.  Eric was our server and was absolutely fantastic.  He was always there when you needed him and always had a smile on his face.  
The food was insane.  We ordered the meat and cheese platter and the portabella mushroom special appetizer.  Concetta had recommended the eggplant appetizer as well so they brought it out anyway for us to try, which ended up being amazing as well.
We ordered two of the pastas on the specials menu, and the portions were HUGE.  There is a reason why they put a $5.00 charge if you decide to share an entree.  
All in all, it was a great experience.  I asked if they do standing reservations there in case I ever move to Philly. The food was amazing, but the customer service and that "home" feeling you get was what really made the meal.My Friends and I love Pesto! Visited last night to celebrate my best friends birthday. Great service and wonderful food! It's like being in your grandmas dining room ! The owner makes sure you are comfortable and she hugs you like you're family. I just love Pesto, I'll be back soon. Oh, and the desserts are to die for!!! Ps... the carrots in balsamic vinaigrette ... the best!Recently moved to the Passyunk Square/South Philly area and wanted to try a new place for dinner. I went in with low expectations because I eat out frequently at many great places. I was blown away with the quality of the food. 
I ordered one of the many specials (about 10 in addition to the regular menu) - bronzino stuffed with mussels, shrimp and crab. It was incredible...very moist and served with a thin and yummy tomato sauce. My husband ordered another special - cavatelli with lobster, shrimp and crab served in a light blush sauce. Also very good (and not heavy blush like typically served - what a pleasure!) We also ordered the Braciole which isn't my favorite dish, but my husband loves it. It was very good here.
Recently they split the restaurant into two parts - a more casual lunch/dinner is now available at the Pizzeria three doors down. They have also added a full bar...until recently this was a BYOB. We didn't know this and had a bottle of wine with us. However, they still permit folks to bring bottles of wine and do not charge a fee (for now). It's a bit loud in the restaurant and it's not the least bit fancy with presentation. However, if you're looking for quality food and plenty of it, this is an excellent choice!Researching Yelp always pays off.  Looking for a place to have dinner before a concert at Academy of Music in Philly.  Decided on Ristorante Pesto.  What a choice.  True authentic Italian dinning.  I would have to say the reviews of this awesome restaurant are on target.   
You will most likely be greeted and or shown to you table by Concetta.  She will treat you like your part of the family.  She told us to listen carefully to the special and order something you might not normally order.  We did exactly that.  
First time visit got a complimentary appetizer of eggplant, spinach, ricotta, (I think that is what it was) in a blush type sauce, YUM.  Carrots in balsamic, yes carrots in balsamic, different and delicious.  My wife had the cavatelli with shrimp and lobster.  I had the black ink linguini with shrimp, clams and mussels.  My oh my was it delicious.  This was my first time ordering black ink pasta and I was not disappointed.  Desert was homemade ricotta cheesecake and tiramisu.  Forgo the salad and save room for desert, you will be glad you did.
The staff was extremely attentive.  Parking was on street but not an issue.  Pesto is BYOB with no fee.  Wine is available if you do not want to BYOB.  
We highly recommend Ristorante Pesto if you are looking for great Italian dinning experience.An excellent place! Everyone in our group of nine enjoyed their food very much. We had a cozy private room in the back that felt like a dining room in someone's house. I highly regret not ordering the home made pasta with shrimp, crab meat, and lobster. My friend had it and let me try some. It was mouthwatering and amazing. I had the veal parmesan. It was pretty good. The restaurant gave our table a red pepper appetizer on the house, which was really nice of them! Our tabled also shared some calamari, eggplant rollatini, portabella alla parmigiana, and bruschetta. That was on top of the complimentary bread baskets (filled with warm delicious bread) and large cut up soft carrots dressed in balsamic. Then to finish it off we indulged in dessert. I shared the Italian cheesecake and a cannoli with my friend. Everything was great. The service was good too. I would absolutely return to this restaurant in the future.My partner and I came here on a recent night and really enjoyed it. The place was bustling, and the food was excellent. I got the gnocchi in rosé sauce, and the pieces were huge! We had lots of leftovers. The oreo cake at the end was also incredible. 
The owner came by our table several times and asked how things were going. She was very nice. 
The only thing I'd ask to see changed is the bruschetta. I think it could be more flavorful if they added or switched up some ingredients. It also became soggy rather quickly. 
But overall, an excellent meal. We'll definitely be back.All of the staff at Pesto are down to earth, friendly South Phillies, from the moment I called to enquire about a last minute reservation to the closing conversation with our waitress about historical field trips her kids attended in Philly. All of our dishes were buonissimi!! We are looking forward to diving in to our doggie bags!My dear people. Id give this place 7 stars if i could, and in my book I do.
On the way there, during the long cab ride, my boyfriend says "this better be good, the taxi will cost me more than the wine we're taking there" 
Let me tell you, by the time our entrees came, it was a WINNER. 
We had caesar salad (delicious, lots of parm, homemade croutons), and candied walnut-poached pears-homemade raspberry vinaigrette-spinach salad (Yum). Calamari and roasted peppers appetizers. The bread basket had a couple of types of bread, our fave was the prosciutto-cheese stuffed bread. We were definitely kinda unzipping by entrees. We went with a couple of specials, and they were a m a z i n g. The flavors, the homemade pasta,...we just looked at each other after the first bite...Silence. And then said : "This is the best pasta place we've been in Philly so far".  
Im ashamed to say we really wanted to try dessert too; imagine even dessert menu has specials. Wow.
Well, we left, we came home...and both fell asleep on the couch. I just got up and I had to write this review. No restaurant has ever put me in food coma. Plus, as my other half noticed, "dear I know it must be damn good, you didn't put black pepper on it" - and I put black pepper on everything I eat. 
P.S. I dont care its loud, I don't care the staff is late 2 minutes with the check, I-Dont-Care people. It seems we will do that cab ride alot in the future!By far one of the best spots I've ever tried in Philadelphia. The host was the sweetest. Every item we tried on the menu was great. I have not one con to say. If you like Italian food you must try this place.Absolutely delicious. We were greeted like family by the hostess. Atmosphere was very nice, our waitress told us the list of specials.  We had eggplant appetizer and beef stuffed w cheese. Entrees we had the chicken w wine mushroom sauce and pasta with shrimp and etc.  Dessert  we had lemon gelato and chocolate mousse. I know I am not describing everything perfectly. But  everything that entered our mouths was perfect.  At one point It was so good we literally forgot the convo we were having and had to laugh.  Definitely if you want Italian food this is where to go. The pasta is homemade oh they make their own gelato. 
You will not be disappointed... excellent service as well.  And to think we found this place on yelp.The best South Philly restaurant hands down. Unique little vibe since it's upscale with a strong South Philly influence. From apps to dessert, it's delicious across the board. AND it's a byo to boot!
Perfect for a special occasion, or if you go early, it's great for a casual dinner.
And no, I have no idea what those vegetables that are brought to the table after you order....Can someone get back to me on that?We came here tonight on a work trip from California and we were treated like family. The food was incredible, we were given marinated carrots in balsamic, fresh bread and mushrooms in this delicious cheese sauce. We ordered calamari which was to die for and we both got entree's from the specials menu. The portions are more than enough and so incredibly yummy. The only down side was I couldn't finish all the food we got. This place is amazing and if have the opportunity to go here you absolutely should!Visiting from San Francisco.  My wife and I enjoyed Pesto restaurant last night. The owner, Conchetta, was adorable. The food was excellent. The service excellent. Atmosphere full of life. Eggplant appetizer was off the charts. We would not hesitate to return. In fact we hope to go back again this evening.Can't think of one bad thing to say about this charming little spot. 
My boyfriend and I had our anniversary dinner here in January. We're returning to Philly this weekend and immediately knew we had to come back. Back in January, Concetta was so warm and welcoming to us. She brought us a complementary appetizer and was chatting to us about her family like we were old friends. 
We both ordered from the night's specials. There had to be at least 10! I had the chicken francese with jumbo shrimp and the boyfriend had steak stuffed with crab in a mushroom sauce. Heavenly! I'm pretty sure I could spend my whole life looking for a tastier francese and not find one. We'll definitely be coming to Pesto every time we're in the area.My new favorite BYOB in philly. The owner is absolutely lovely and the waiters are very attentive. The restaurant feels like an Italian home. The food is so delicious and reasonably priced. Get the rolled steak and eggplant appetizer.Mediocre at best.  If you are in South Philly and you want authentic Italian, trek a bit more sout to L'Angolo.We went to Pesto on a Friday night around 7:30 with a reservation for 2 and we're basically immediately sat after arriving. We were greeted by our server offering to open our bottle of wine and gave us time to settle in. Pesto had so many great specials not featured on the menu and our server was ever so patient to repeat the specials to me 3x and answered all my questions before I was ready to order. The eggplant appetizer was amazing! My husband ordered a seafood special which was a really big portion and so tasty! I ordered the Veal Saltimbocca and I could not get enough of the sauce! Our server even gave us a complimentary Brushetta appetizer, which was fantastic. We finished off our delicious meal with the Oreo ice cream cake! It was incredible! We will definitely be back to Pesto. The restaurant is located right on Broad Street in south Philly, but it has such a neighborhood, family oriented feel. Great for romantic dinner or a fun group dinner!I absolutely love Italian food, but it has always been hard for me to find good pasta and other dishes with authentic flavors until I came across this place! It definitely did not disappoint! We ordered from their daily specials menu, and everything sounded so good that we couldn't decide between a few of the appetizers that our waiter gave us one of the dishes we wanted, but ended up not ordering, on the house! Prices are reasonable and affordable for the portions being offered. Strongly recommend!We initially found this restaurant on restaurants.com.   I am so glad we did.  We ordered the mussels appetizer with garlic and oil (so good) and the stuffed portobello appetizer  (amazing)   in addition to our appetizers,  our server brought out free brusceta and pickled carrots.   It's been a while since we've been to a place that takes pride in their craft.   We ordered the veal saltimboca and the veal monti........ both were exceptional.   We will definitely be coming back here.  It was definitely worth the 3 hour drive to PhiladelphiaPesto is, by far, my favorite Italian restaurant in Philadelphia.  My husband and I discovered Pesto while on our honeymoon in Italy, ironically.  While there, we were looking for restaurants on TripAdvisor.  We wanted to make sure to try the top rated restaurants where we were staying.  In Philadelphia, we eat out all the time and it made us question what was the #1 rated restaurant in Philadelphia.  This is when we found Pesto.  
Once we returned from our honeymoon, we made a reservation to check out this place we had never been to...(or heard of, for that matter).   Since then, we have made a recurring reservation for every month, to ensure we get in.  We love it there.  Everyone is so nice, the food is amazing, the atmosphere is relaxed and it's just a great place all around. 
I HIGHLY recommend Pesto.Love this place - hubby's favorite restaurant, so we got married there.  Unbelievable food!  The only place I eat eggplant rollatini b/c no place else is even close.  The crab stuffed portabella to die for, shrimp wrapped in bacon and puff pastry, and the pear salad - and those are just some great appetizers!  We had them all at the wedding - guests ended up wrapping entrees b/c there was so much food.  Perfect for any intimate event.  Concetta and the entire staff are delightful!!  I just can't say enough good things and our guests are still talking about the food!So my gf tells me she wants pasta and wine for dinner. What better way to kill 2 birds with one stone than an Italian BYOB restaurant. Now I've been to my share of byob restaurants, but nothing quite like Restaurante Pesto. The atmosphere was like right at home. I had made reservations for 830 and glad i did cuz it started to get packed, especially with 2 parties goin on.The nite could not have been better. Every single staff that waited in us was soo friendly, from the busboy to the owner. Our waitress told us the specials for the evening and I was amazed at how she could remember so much. My girlfriend and I got the shrimp wrapped in bacon with a puff pastry. It was fantastic, but for the price I wish there was more. I ordered the salmon and seafood with the rośe sauce my gf ordered the shrimp in the cognac cream sauce. Both meals were delicious and we were sooo full afterwards. The owner came over and could be no more nicer than she was. We will return....Randomly found Pesto a couple of years ago and was pleasantly surprised. Most of our meals here are great, and I've been a fan of their Gnocchi al Pesto since my first visit. Nothing too fancy about this place, it's run by the Varallo family I think so have fun paying attention to the decor and general construction (the Varallo's also run a contracting operation I think.)
Anyway, certainly no frills here and few pretensions. The staff are South Philly Italians all the way and are generally congenial. 
We generally enjoy the spaghetti with mussles and clams or the gnocchi. The salads are fair to good, our one truly confusing experience here included a Caesar salad with super watery dressing. At the time, we didn't know whether this was some traditional twist or not. We haven't tried it since to see whether this was their style or not. It was pretty bad.
Still, it's a fine casual byo where we usually have a great time with friends. Worth trying.I love Pesto!!! My fiance have been coming here for years. He just threw my 30th birthday party here with a large group and we all had a great time. Everyone loved the food and the service is always great.  Thanks Pesto!The BEST Italian restaurant in Philly. I make I a point to eat here as often as I can on my regular business trips to the Philly area. Concetta and staff treat you as family. The food is amazing.