Tremendous service (Big shout out to Douglas) that complemented the delicious food. Pretty expensive establishment (40-50$ avg for your main course), but its definitely backs that up with an atmosphere that's comparable with any of the top tier restaurants across the country.This place is good. For the lofty prices the proportions were very small. However the drinks were cheap and the service was very good. The piano is a nice touch as well. 
The cheesecake is incredible, just get it and don't look back.A very upscale and respected chain, with a short list of cities to allure with their prime cuts of meat and their fresh seafood. Philly is lucky to be one of those three cities! 
The bar melds perfectly inside the restaurant and does not make you feel like it is the "bar" area. Tables fill this room for dining or having a cocktail. One step up and to the side is an elevated floor, where we sat.  Beyond the "bar" area that you walk into, is a more secluded dining area, but we were center stage and had a great view of it all. 
Hubby and I ordered and shared three appetizers. We loved them all, but I was partial to the escargot and the oysters Rockefeller and he to the clams casino, so I did not mind letting him finish the clams while I devoured the other two appetzers. We did skip salads, but hubby enjoyed the wonderful lobster bisque, of which I found exceptionally good, with my one snitched spoonfull. 
My husband had the Prime Rib, what else? I love filet mignon and they have in house made bearnaise sauce, so I stuck with what I love best and it was a huge, juicy and tender portion, very good indeed. 
The restaurant has a lot of class and prices are what you would expect. 
What I loved most about the service, for such an upscale establishment, the wait staff was not at all uptight. The waiters were professional, but with charisma and humor and knew how and when to have conversation. 
Bottom line, I would go back in a heartbeat!
Wheelchair accessible with ramp through main entrance into the lobby of the hotel and entrance right in through their door.been to nearly all the high-end steak houses in Philly, this might just be my favorite.  Right up there with Barclay Prime, though two totally different joints.  This is your classic old school place.  Waiter we had was amazing, and that never hurts your experience.  Everything we ate was great - apps, sides, meats, desserts.
100% I recommend getting the prime rib.  We got a steak and a prime rib and split the two.  they didn't name the place 'the prime rib' for no reason, right?  Probably the best prime rib I've ever had, was way better than their filet, makes it a unique experience from the other steak joints in town.The name says it all. Best Prime Rib in town. Service is excellent as well. On my 4 day trip to Philly I went twice.Simply the best Prime Rib in Philadelphia. They offer 2 sizes, an aprox. 16oz cut and a huge 36oz+ bone-in cut. Go for the bone-in, it is excellent! Tasty and tender.
We also had oysters and cherrystone clams on the half shell to start. They were fresh and perfectly shucked. 
Wine list is "OK". Typical steakhouse mark up but nice to see they also offer an "under $50" list of wines (of course very mediocre wines under $50)
Service is a "B" only because it took a long time for the waiter to give us the menu and later on took a while to bring us fresh horseradish. But very nice and friendly.
Again, if you are in Philly and would like a proper Prime Rib, go here!I have to say it was....mediocre. really nothing more. 
Yes, the live music was enjoyable but thats really the best I can give it.
The food was....food. nothing really special in my opinion. My boyfriend had the filet mignon and didn't really even finish it. he also tried the potatoes au gratin and said it tasted almost as though they used easy-mac cheese on them. 
I had the vegetable platter and thats all it was. I have experienced amazing vegetable sides at other restaurants, but this entree was nothing to write home about.
As for desserts he had the cheesecake, which was fine, not amazing but nothing bad to say about it either. I had the strawberries and once again, thats all it was. Don't expext them to come out plated amazingly or even with whipped cream, they're only sliced strawberries.
Honestly, for the money I don't think it was worth it. I can think of many other places in the city, some of which are much cheaper, that are much more worth your time.This was my second time dining at The Prime Rib, and as before, everything was perfect. It has now been cemented as my go-to place for an occasion dinner. We arrived early, and sat at the bar just in time for the happy hour special. The bartender was a bit slow to take our order, but it was unexpectedly crowded for a Tuesday night, so that was excusable. We brought our own bottle of wine (which you can do, albeit at the expense of a $25 corking fee, though they do not advertise this), which we left with the hostess when we came in. When it came time for our reservation, our bottle of wine was already waiting at our table, on a small silver tray. I was quite impressed.
The Prime Rib exudes elegance in a way few places do nowadays. From the leopard print carpet to the black wood paneling to the lucite-lidded grand piano to the sharply suited waiters, you feel like you stepped back in time to an elegant restaurant in Midtown Manhattan in all the best ways. Our waiter, as expected, was impeccable. Even though he was also waiting on a large group nearby, our wine glasses were always full and our food was brought out with perfect timing.
As an appetizer, my boyfriend and I ordered the tuna tartare to split. When it came out, it was already split onto individual plates, which was a nice touch. The tuna was delicious, and there was certainly $19 worth of it between our two plates. For entrees, I ordered the veal porterhouse, and my boyfriend ordered the full cut of the prime rib. I am a tremendous fan of veal, though I had never had it as a porterhouse steak before, and I was not disappointed. Deliciously seasoned, generously cut, and perfectly tender, I would order it again in a heartbeat. The full cut of the prime rib was, to quote my boyfriend, "as big as [his] head". I didn't even know one could have a cut of meat so gigantic. He said it was delicious, and after trying a bit, I agreed with him. He didn't finish it, and I imagine most people wouldn't be able to. We got potatoes au gratin on the side, and they were good, but they're just potatoes au gratin, nothing to write home about. For dessert, I got a slice of key lime pie, which was solidly good, as expected.
Was it expensive? Sure it was. Was it overpriced? I would say no. The quality of the food, the service, and the atmosphere to me was well worth the price. We will certainly be back.My friend and I were in Phila for the night. I found The Prime Rib on my gps. Wow this place was sophisticated , yet not pretentious.  Classy and refined yet relaxed.  It has a very New York feel to it. The Host was a gem . Brilliant personality in such a young man . Our waiter was Logan, a 19yr old college student who knows more about food and wine than anyone ive ever met. Ask for him for a truly wonderful dining experience.  Now the food. Just OMG is all I can say . I had the Veal Chop. Rare. ..best damn veal chop ever. My friend had the bone in prime rib...The best she ever had without a doubt.  We both agreed this was in our top 5 meals of our life....worth EVERY penny.If I could give this place negative 5 stars I would. Absolutely the worst steakhouse in Philadelphia. My medium rare steak came out wrong 3 times, and when I asked for the manager he told me it was my fault. I would never come here again.Despite the fact it's part of a small chain, many locals consider this the best steakhouse in town. Located in the Warwick Hotel, it's certainly one of the most glamorous - leopard-print carpeting, black leather furniture, black-lacquer walls trimmed in gold, and nightly jazz piano and bass duets give it a very 1940s-supper-club ambiance, albeit one that's overlit. The menu is typical - a variety of steaks, chops, salmon, and - of course - prime rib, served in enormous portions along with the usual suspects of sides, like rich creamed spinach and excellent potato skins. If you have any room left, end your meal with fresh strawberries and cream over warm shortbread. The servers will pamper you like few do. Hoping to maintain a touch of class, they require jackets for men at night. If you forget yours, they'll loan you one, although why a man in a well-worn, ill-fitting blazer would look better than one without is beyond me.I have been here two years in a row for restaurant week and have loved it both times. This place is what I imagine an old boys club being like in the 1960s. Big chairs, Piano playing, and waiters in tuxedos. 
The restaurant week menu is a perfect sample of this place for a reasonable price. The prime rib is delicious, some of the best I've ever had. I look forward to restaurant week every year so I can come back.  A surprise was that their chocolate mousse was outstanding.Great atmosphere as soon as you walk in, we were taken to our table very quickly. I will leave this brief because to be honest the food tasted fine, but I wasn't THAT impressed. PROS: the delicious French Onion soup. CONS: I guess my main concern was the itty bitty crab cakes I ordered. Paying the price that I did for that small of an order of crab cakes is RIDICULOUS. At the Chophouse in Charleston, for that price I received a crab cake the size of my face! Someone in the group ordered a filet that wasn't cooked to medium perfection. The sea bass my friend ordered looked pretty good, but I tasted his au gratin potatoes and they were  completely underwhelming. My friend also ordered the Chicken Piccata which tasted fine. Managed to snag a last minute reservation for SIX on a Saturday... and now I now why.  The ambiance is nice, and the food tasted okay, but I would not eat here again.Having been married in the Warwick 2 years ago, we thought how fitting it would be to celebrate the anniversary in the fancy restaurant in the same hotel. It was great that they had a price-fix menu (3 courses for $35), but the food was only okay. It was fah-reezing! so I ordered the tomato soup to start (despite the 90 degree weather outside), which was pretty good, and he seemed to enjoy his salad, although it was just tomatoes onions and lettuce on a plate. 
My fish was way too salty, and then had little flavor beyond that. His steak was good, but had to send it back to cook more as it came out half medium, half rare. The sides were better, but that's not what we're coming to a place like this for, and I ended up munching on mostly bread to make up for it. The deserts were good, chocolate mousse pie and raspberry sorbet, but somehow I doubt those were made in house.
And while our waiter was very good, we were also never offered a wine list. I may just not be cut out for fancy places like this that rest on reputation and an expensive cut of meat on a plate. Give me a neighborhood byob with fresh original ingredients anyday...I came here for a date thinking that this place would be classy and decent enough for that occasion. I was very disappointed first of all with our server who was rushing us and it was only 7:30 pm and the way he served our food he had no server etiquette at all! He just rushingly placed all our orders on the table like some dog food and the meat wasn't cooked the way we asked for which was medium rare. We couldn't find him and he was having attitude problems when we tried to ask for a medium rare steak politely  because we know it wasn't his fault . I really had high expectations for this place!  We still gave him an ok tip despite his service. So much for a goid dinner date but we ended up talking about the terrible service and food on the way home instead.My mother and I decided to check out The Prime Rib after seeing reviews online. First off, it is in a great location (Rittenhouse Square). It was very conscience that to hop on an elevator, walk a few feet, and end up here. Second of all, the restaurant seems to get some traffic for the bar as well (a plus, because you know it's a popular spot). We both ended up ordering the house salad, which was delicious for a salad (I'm not really a salad person). The fact that I enjoyed it says a lot. I ended up ordering the split cut prime rib (medium rare). My mom ordered the prix fixe prime rib got two sides along with it (corn and mashed potatoes). The prime rib was delicious and perfectly cooked. Additionally, our waiter George was phenomenal. We ended our meal with desserts. We left stuffed, and with leftovers! Would recommend to anyone in the area. Will come back again.I recently dined at the prime rib with a group of 16 to celebrate a birthday, during restaurant month. It was great. Although being split up in 2 tables everything was on point. Serine was good, food was great. $35 for prime rib, soup, mashed potatoes & green beans. Although the portions of the sides were small, when we asked they did bring out more. Dessert was great, I'm a big chocolate fan so I throughly enjoyed the chocolate mouse cake. While my fiancé went with the creme brûlée. Deff worth the trip, can't beat it for $35 all month long. Can't wait to go again in a few weeks.It's very expensive.  But it's worth it once in a while.  It's more of an 'expense account' kind of place - BUT - I LOVE it!!!  I come here for special occasions.  It's one of the few places where you can get that 'supper club' feel.  The food is OUTSTANDING.  The service is STELLAR.  So....I still manage to go there often without breaking the bank:  Sit at the BAR and ask for the BAR MENU!!!  And don't miss the potato skins!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!This is a wonderful style steakhouse that also offers fantastic seafood my wife treated me to go here for my birthday I had a delicious prime rib and she really enjoyed her crab Imperial fantastic service very elegant atmosphere probably recommendI love this Place.....It always conjures memories of the Eagles song lyrics for Hotel California "Mirror's on the ceiling ; The Pink Champagne on Ice (I don't know why except Opulance) They may not have a progressive menu nor in any way do they dabble with molecular wizardry but they food is consistently great! You will never get a bad crab cake or Prime Rib.  The Shrimp cocktail and Oysters are always fresh and ice cold.  The Waiters and FOH are professional and always take ownership of any problems. The customer is always right (even when wrong)  I had a small birthday party there Sat with two kids an 8 and 6 and they were Amazing! The food and service never missed a beat. They got the kids food out quickly and paced the adults as well
It seemed like 4 or 5 courses at my request but in the end all smiles around. The soft-shell crabs are Whales now and well worthy he splurge, The desserts particularly the mudd pie and chic mousse cake are stellar.  The room is among the most elegant in Philly and even though the dress code is relaxed I feel comfortable in a sport coat 
on Saturday night but would go without one without hesitation  Even the owner thanked us for having our special occasion with them. A must visit and as my eight ]
year old told the waiter...the #1 Steakhouse in Philadelphia per US air Magazine and Zagat...hahaThe ambiance was lovely. So nice to be able to have a conversation in a restaurant. Having said this ---- Terrible service. We were sitting for 25 minutes before the waiter came to get drink orders. I had to ask the hostess to light a fire under him. Not that the young man wasn't nice. He just was poorly trained and slow. Looking around it seemed as if all the servers were away from the tables and out of the dining room most of the time. Back in the kitchen perhaps? Certainly not attending to our needs. At this price point I expect more and have gotten better service almost anywhere else in Philly. 
The food was just OK. My husband and I had the prime rib. I've had it elsewhere in Philly for a lot less and it's been comparable flavor wise. My friend had salmon which, again, was OK. The sides were OK. Nothing special. When it came time for coffee it was not presented with cream or sugar and when the sugar came, there was no teaspoon with which to stir it into the coffee. Don't know what the rave reviews are all about because we won't be back.I LOVE STEAK. thank you prime rib for reminding what a good steak tastes like, because you didn't serve it. 
a friend thought it would be nice to dine on a dime. we did the 3 course for $35. well, even after reserving our table, the server informed us "next time" please specify we are here for the $35 deal. why? are we getting a low budget cut of meat?? hmmm.
the old, out of date decor is a bit tacky. but, there clientele were mostly 50 years +, so i guess it fits.  i mean if your are going for a classy, elegant look, please dust your 9 foot vases with plastic flowers engorging them. and, while you're at it make your medium rare steak medium rare.I would agree with the review of it being old money and botox, romantic couples and everyday business men, a comfortable and fun mix. Food good, drinks good oveall good time. We were left alone to conduct our business and not rushed out the door. Pricey but, convienient so, I would return for certian occasions.The general manager is incredibly rude and disrespectful. The food was subpar and extremely overpriced. The servers are amazing and should be working somewhere they can truly be appreciated.I enjoy the old days of dressing for dinner and making an occasion out if it. This place has the look, the feel, it's quintessential atmosphere and ambiance emit the epitome of class. Service, unquestionable. Very professional, warmer, not stuffy. I had the lobster bisque, thicker than usual consistency, the most tender lobster I've had in soup, perfect flavor without being overbearing, very enjoyable. Two apps were shared, the jumbo shrimp cocktail and the clams casino, shrimp were large and very fresh. Casino was excellent, great mixture, again clams were unbelievably tender, even the nicest I've had have been even ever so slightly chewy or gritty, not here. I'm never satisfied with prime rib, even though their namesake, I'm not a big enough fan of prime rib to order it out anyhow. So I make the safe bet and get the filet. Hands down the best filet I've ever had. I cannot describe how tender, it melted in my mouth like butter, incredible, the temperature was exact. Béarnaise was so good i'd eat it alone but that wouldn't look good. I was also served the Au Poivre complimentary to sample. Ate 'em both. The sides of grilled asparagus and the au gratin were ok, a bit bland and boring. The better steak houses are known and expected to serve only the highest quality and perfect preparation, keeping seasoning to a minimum so the natural flavor of the food shines through. But the two elements of quality and preparation are a must and they have nailed it hands down. Aware of this I expect the sides to be basic and unimpressive, but naturally good. Creme brûlée for dessert was superb. Soup to nuts without alcohol, expect to drop at least $300 for two. IMO worth every penny just for the filet and to drink in the posh atmosphere. My kinda place.This was our third trip to the Prime Rib.  As on our two other dinners we were not let down on the quality of service.  Our meal was exceptional.   Our waiter Tony was very friendly and helped us with our meal selection and wine selection.  We visited the Prime Rib during their prime rib special.  The atmosphere is phenomenal.  It was well worth the trip.   We intend on dining here again.OK - So I was in Philly on a short vacation and decided to go here for a good steak. BOY, Was I happy with that decision.
I am a lover off all things beef - especially prime rib. So I decided that I had to order a prime rib, afterall, that is the restaurants namesake. 
The steak was HUUUUUUUUGE. Biggest prime rib I have ever encountered. Now, I know what your thinking.... "Sure, it was big, but was it cooked right and did it taste good?" YES. I resounding - YES.
The food was 100% excellent - worth every penny. 
Don't tell management but I would have paid more!
CONS:
Only 1 - decor. This place looked like it was right out of The Godfather. It was all decked out in black with gold highlights and mirrors. Was kind of funny actually. 
PROs:
Everything else. Seriously, if you want a great steak and are in or are anywhere near Philly - go here. Don't waste your time with anywhere else. 
I am seriously considering driving down (2.5 hours) just for dinner again.Best Prime rib!! Everything is amazing here. Love the decor too!! Will definitely come back again.Our favorite prime rib. The potato skins are to die for - served with their home made  fresh horseradish butter. Certain nights are half priced wine list nights!Over priced and full of old men who think they were Tony Soprano in their past lives. No Thanks.I thought the food was really good . I think the place ia a little stuffy though . The bartenders are wearing tuxedos and the waiter or table captain as they put it was wearing a suit . I have to say that our table captain who's name was Jimmy was not a very good waiter at all !!I saw 3 mice scurry accross the floor. Told my server and never got an apology and the manager never came over. Server was not friendly.Per usual, food was amazing...but what really made our experience was our waiter Antonio!  
Even with the relaxed dress-code (men are no longer required to wear a jacket), TPR borders on a pretentious - which could be b/c my fiance and I are usually about 40 years younger than the average crowd.  That said, Antonio was fabulous! Friendly, energetic, with great suggestions & attitude...what else could you ask for?
Onto the food - we started with the jumbo shrimp cocktail, delicious & seriously JUMBO.  I had the prime rib/medium rare...and even with the smaller cut, it was enormous (17oz!) but melt-in-your-mouth perfection.  My fiance had the NY strip-Pittsburgh/medium rare...a lil charred for my tastes, but he loved it.  Sides of grilled asparagus and green beans, perfect size for sharing.  And would highly recommend leaving enough room for the chocolate chip bread pudding - it was hands down the best bread pudding we've ever had!
On a more random note - while love the piano in the background, it does get a bit tired when they play "happy birthday" 4x in one sitting...but hope those patrons enjoyed their celebratory dinner nearly as much as we did!My wife and I came here for a rehearsal dinner for a wedding we were in, and I must say we were very impressed. The decor and ambiance is something that you would see in Mad Men, with the private dining room that we were seated in being exceptionally posh. I was grateful for the groom's parents' willingness to pick up the tab, because Prime Rib is never a place that I would go to on my own. The food was excellent, and I highly recommend the restaurant's namesake. Although, I would warn that the king size is just that: certainly not for the faint of heart.We had Thanksgiving (2010) dinnner at The Prime Rib and were very pleased with the overall experience. We were seated at a small table against a large pillar in the center of the main dining room and several people bumped into the table while we were dining. The atmosphere is that of a 1940s supper club and the employees are well-groomed. The restaurant seems to attract mostly patrons over the age of 40, which is a welcome diversion from the usual. For starters, my sex partner ordered the grilled shrimp and I had the house salad. The shrimp was a bit tough and the salad was just lettuce and one tomato slice for $11. He ordered the turkey dinner and I had the vegetable plate. We were both extremely pleased with our entrees. The wine recommended by the server was a perfect accompaniment to dinner. We had to ask for more bread and during the dessert course, we weren't offered more coffee. The pumpkin pie was spectacular.Every so often, my family comes in from the other side of the state.  Being relatively pressed for cash, it's nice to have a great family dinner at a quality restaurant.  The first time they came we were looking for a great steakhouse.  The hotel recommended The Prime Rib, and I can say for a fact that they were right.  My food is always perfect and the atmosphere is great.  After the meal, I usually get a little sleepy, probably due to the dimness of the room, but, it's nothing I can't shake off.  I've only had problems with the service once before, there was a mix up with our reservation and they quickly solved the problem.  
If you're looking for a great steak in the Center City area.... Definitely check out The Prime Rib for a great, classy meal.We went to the Prime Rib Saturday with another couple who had driven down from Connecticut and we had flown in from Dallas. The Prime Rib is good and a throw back to a different era. It was solid and a leisurely paced meal. My wife and I split the signature prime rib which was good but didn't seem the greatest cut of meat. The wine list is a bit dumbed down but very reasonably priced. The service was very good and food was good. Fun night had by old friends from a bygone era. Wasn't the best but it was comfortable with a nice piano playing and good service.The service was pretty bad. 
The lamb rack here isn't very good. The loaded mash potato  is delicious and I shared it but you might want to order your own. 
THE PRIME RIB HERE IS INCREDIBLY DELICIOUS! 
get it. Also.... Its... Huge. The half will fill you the full will probably be enough to share or for you to be able to take some home. 
I plan to go back because I feel like if I get better service this place will get more stars. It is pretty small and dark but designed nicely. The piano playing is very nice.The general consensus about this place: Juicy, well seasoned prime rib, but with an overly pretentious atmosphere and mediocre service. 
We had a reservation for 7:00, but wasn't seated until 7:30. We weren't the one only ones waiting, either; there were 2 groups in front of us who had reservations for 6:30, but didn't get seated until 7:20. What's the point of making reservations if you're going to have to wait almost an HOUR?
Finally, we were led to an open dining area with live piano playing. I was enjoying the classy atmosphere, but was abruptly startled by the brashness of our server. The only two reasons for his demeanor can either be because he was new, or because just did not give a care in the world. By this point, the service was earning 2 stars. Either way, he quickly ruined my temporarily uplifted mood.
I ordered roasted tomato soup for appetizer, which tasted like plain marinara sauce. As I was beginning to seriously doubt my choice to dine here, the redeemer of this whole place finally arrived:THE PRIME RIB. Juicy, seasoned, with the perfect amount of fat. 
This hefty chunk of meat alone would give this place 4.5 stars (slightly overcooked), but the service brings this place to a 3. I generously round up to a 4 because despite the rudeness of this place they call service, this is a prime rib you won't want to miss.I'd been to the Prime Rib just once before coming last Sunday for Restaurant Week.  I have done a lot to avoid red meat over the past 8 months or so, although I still eat it on occasion, before this, however, I ate red meat all the time, including all kinds of fine cuts at fancy steakhouses like Morton's and the Capital Grill.  I have been known to enjoy a good piece of beef every now and then, so I came to Prime Rib not remembering the last time I went, and expecting some exquisite dining, even if it was the special Restaurant Week menu...prime rib is prime rib.
FIRST IMPRESSIONS:
The Prime Rib is inconspicuously nestled just off Rittenhouse Square, down the street a little from Parc.  Raoul Duke may have actually been describing his first impressions of the Prime Rib when he wrote the place "fairly reeked of high-grade formica and plastic palm trees.  It was clearly a high-class refuge for big spenders.  This was Bob Hope's turf.  Frank Sinatra's.  Spiro Agnew's."  I did my best look like anything but a 22 year old with less money in the bank than most of these peoples' weekend allowance.
THE ATMOSPHERE:
There are aspects of the main dining room that work very well, and others that work not so well, but everything is unmistakably Prime Rib, and I remembered being there many years ago almost instantly.  Black and dark wooden furnishings and warm lighting, with a live jazz duet of piano and bass wafted through the air, and really boosted my experience.  But, as others have mentioned, the leopard print carpet and giant fake flower arrangements were unbelievably tacky and basically equalized the atmosphere, which given the clientelle, began to feel reminiscent of some corny seniors night at a banquet hall.  I didn't have any problem with my choice of attire-- a blue striped shirt and a pair of grey slacks, none of us wore a jacket.
THE SERVICE:
Excellent, I would say this was the strongest aspect of the Prime Rib.  Ours was respectful during conversations not to interrupt, very knowledgeable about wine choice and able to give an excellent recommendation, and did not come off as being either condescending or impatient, even if we were opting for the much cheaper 3-course Restaurant Week offering, as opposed to the full-priced regular menu.  Also, while I was originally thinking she was purposefully showing the wine list and not the Restaurant Week menu which featured wine deals because she wanted us to buy a more expensive bottle of wine, I think she saved my table money, as I would have paid more if I drank by the glass.  Soft-spoken, insanely polite and attentive, but a little stuffy, the service is a calibre I wish we saw more often in restaurants today.
THE FOOD/DRINK:
I came to the Prime Rib expecting an exquisite piece of meat that melted in my mouth in an orgy of flavor.  It did not meet my lofty expectations, however...but let me start at the beginning.  I started with their roasted tomato soup, which was delicious, although their pepper mill was grinding the pepper just big enough to get caught in my throat twice, which was unpleasant, but not enough to curb my enjoyment.  I got the prime rib, medium rare, with mashed potatoes and string beans.  I almost never eat anything less-cooked than medium, but I figured for some reason that medium-rare might be the way to go...I should have stuck with medium, but the temperature didn't really affect my enjoyment.  For the most part, it was pretty good, decent marbling and enough flavor (although I was looking for a little more garlic and only found more thickly crushed black pepper).  What did me in, however, is the fact that toward the end, the prime rib tasted something reminiscent of what I identified as "Bar Mitzvah Brisket," which I loathe...not to compare the Prime Rib with that horrid staple at my family's high holiday gatherings, but that did affect my enjoyment of it.  At any rate, the sides, typical steakhouse fare, were very good, but nothing memorable.  To top it off, I had a slice of key lime pie, which was very good, although a little warmer than I'm used to.  I had a bottle of cabernet sauvignon which we split 3 ways, it complimented the meal quite nicely and was priced incredibly-- half price...it is scientifically and statistically impossible to pass that up...unless you're my iron-willed roommate who stuck with water.
THE BOTTOM LINE:
The Prime Rib is pretty well-established as a classy joint generally fared by the old and well-to-do.  It's not the kind of place I'd take a date, however, it's more a family place for some reason (and not babies and kids, mind you, keep your damn kids at home, I mean like grandparent to young teen cousins range).  I had lofty expectations for their specialty, but in the end, I'll prefer a Morton's or Capital Grill steak over Prime Rib.  The service is impeccable, and for a change, added stars to this review, but I don't know if it will be enough to make me want to come back any time soon.The place was crowded on a Saturday evening so its a good thing we had a reservation. It was a fancy upscale restaurant so I was glad I was really dressed up. The server, the lady who sat us and the customer service overall was just fantastic. We had a tight table in the corner which was the only downside. They had live Jazz music which was really pleasant. I had the salmon fillet which was a little bit on the drier side and was low on flavor. The grilled asparagus with the hollandaise sauce was simply out of the world. My friend had the organic chicken and though flavorful, it too was on the dry side. I definitely look forward to going there again and trying their red meat and hopefully then I will have a 5 star experience. I definitely recommend this restaurant.I was staying at the Warwick where this restaurant is located. I came down here a few nights for dinner. I sat at the bar as it was just me, plus they had TVs showing sports so that was a plus. They make some greats martinis and gimlets. The meats are amazing! Prime Rib is off the charts! Can't wait to bring my wife here!Ordered the double cut prime rib, medium rare as recommended, and it was the best steak I have had in recent memory. Incredibly tender, served in all its glorious juices flowing around the plate it was simply delicious. So if you want a good steak, go to The Prime Rib. Just be ready to pay for it. Now, I can see where the price of my steak came from due to its quality, but I was a bit shocked to see sides like corn, creamed spinach, mashed potatoes and others, starting at $9 and up. Especially for the portion size of the sides, which one hungry person could easily handle themselves. For an appetizer, the lobster bisque was very good, flavorful and creamy. Overall I was very satisfied from the meal and would definitely come again if craving a quality steak, and a large paycheck if going the full nine yards. Good steak, calm pleasant atmosphere, very professional waitstaff.I love the Prime Rib. Elegant, hollywood regency style decor, beautifully lit tables, live pianist and bassist playing classic standards, excellent cuisine and terrific service. 
We go usually after the hubbub of happy hour and dine at the bar. Seats are comfortable, attentive bar service and always a character in the room - meaning, it's not too stuffy or pretentious. 
Love the food. Recently had the prime rib sandwich -- best I've ever had. Yes, it's $22 but it's really delicious. Bf got the filet mignon, also great.  Again, expensive, but you get what you pay for. Thumbs up for cocktails too.One of my favorites!
All right, it's a steak house and it can be stuffy....and frequented by older clientele.
Forget that! Make the place your own! We do and have a ball!
First. sit at the bar and not a table. Make sure Lynn is bartending! Tell her you want to start with a Brent's Old Fashioned! You're already off to a good start.
The games play on tvs at the bar, the conversation can be lively, and you get all good things without a stuffy feel.
Here's the secret...they do a $35.00 3-course offering all year round. You just have to ask for it. Now, the portions are soo large you can share everything. Mel says the French Onion soup is the best in the city. I usually go for the oysters. I figure, when in Rome...so dinner is usually Prime Rib, which is always perfect. It's at least a 15-ounce cut which means left overs the next day. Mel has had salmon, crab imperial, and other dishes with very good things to say about all of them. I've had potatoes a few different ways and they are always very basic, but always done very well. The veg is always super fresh. Try the corn off the cob. I can't get over how good corn can be in November.
The wine list can be a little pricey so have one glass, but splurge on something nice. You'll be happy you did. 
The desserts are awesome. In fact I have a slice of Key Lime pie in the fridge for dessert tonight.
Did I mention that the portions are so large you are bringing home leftovers?
Don't blow off The Prime Rib as too expensive and stuffy. Try it the way I suggest and you'll be stuffed, happy, and maybe have a few dollars left in your wallet!I suppose The Prime Rib is sort of a love or hate restaurant, but I must say that I am firmly in the "love" camp.  The food can be favorably compared to any other high end steakhouse, and I wholeheartedly recommend the $29 "mini" prime rib portion that's available on Sundays.  If you have a hearty appetite and aren't getting any appetizers it might not be enough food, but it fits in perfectly as part of a three or more course meal.
What really sets The Prime Rib apart from Morton's, Capital Grille and the like, though, is its unique decor and atmosphere.  My girlfriend and I have typically been the only diners under 60 when we come here, but that's been just fine with us.  The jackets-required, tuxedoed waiters, 1940s vibe might not be for everyone, but I've never been anywhere else in Philly that offers the same sort of experience, and I think it's quite enjoyable for a once-and-a-while, special occasion kind of a meal.Went to Back to Prime Rib last evening and my DP and I commented on a few things that always bring us back...The Room is so elegant and grand.  The service is spot on.  Douglas was our waiter and he just made the evening special.  The room was fairly full for a Thursday evening.  We love the Piano player in the background as it takes us back to an era of dining that we miss.  Starters, a classic,  We had the Buzz Salad, escargot in garlic butter which is awesome (with Garlic thick toast to dip)  and the soft shell crab with a Beurre Blanc sauce.  It was very rich and next time I would do it on the side but well executed sauce.  My DP had the crab cakes and she enjoyed much and I had the Signature Prime Rib perfectly medium Rare and it is large enough to feed a family.  Great taste and we also enjoyed some complimentary cocktails for a prior subpar experience (Thanks very unneccesary)
We had a few desserts to go as we were short on time and they were great the Mud Pie and chocolate mousse pie.  This is a truly special place in our backyard.  Be back soon.4/5 stars for me. In full disclosure I was only here for a few drinks. I did not eat here. I was staying in the adjacent hotel and popped in here for a drink before going to dinner. The place was pretty empty but it was early. I will say, the place was really put together and it looked fancy. Not trendy, modern fancy, old world, when dining out was a big deal. White tables clothes, live piano music, candles, wait staff dressed to the 9's. The bartender was helpful in ordering a bourbon. As for the manager, I asked him what was the room with all the candles on and he was nice enough to take me to the back room and show me a few other rooms around the restaurant. He introduced me to Glenn (I think that was his name) who was the head of private events and catering. He was planning a holiday party and the room looked incredible. Candles, gifts on every chair, table perfectly set. The restaurant has giant sliding walls which separate rooms to be more private. You would never know by just looking at the walls. Pretty cool. Although I didn't get to eat there I am sure the food is great. They were crowded as we were leaving and some of the locals said the bar has the best prime rib sandwich they've had. I will be back to this area and will remember to check this place out for dinner. It is close to Rittenhouse Row and a some good after dinner places as well. Check this place out if you are close by!Visited last night for restaurant week. As it's aptly named, they are known for their prime rib and wow it was melt in your mouth delicious! 
Aside from the ignorant hostess (short blond hair, older woman) and the lack of appropriate # of servers for the amount of people, we thoroughly enjoyed our dinner with family and a friend (party of 5).
Our waiter Vinny was fantastic and very social BUT spread way too thin which meant longer wait times on drinks, no serving spoons for the family style served mashed potatoes and string beans for the table and forever to get coffee to go with our desserts (coffee arrived after everyone was done). Our tip appropriately complimented Vinny as a great server, it isn't his fault they don't have enough wait staff. Monday (the following day) they had over 500 people coming with only 8 servers staffed. Think about that. Last night there were approximately 350 diners, and it showed in attentiveness of the wait staff. Again, NOT the servers fault at all, Vinny was great. 
They have a full service bar and extensive wine list but it is also BYOB so we enjoyed our favorite wines. 
Parking is ugh... it is Center City, so parking garages are expensive and street meter parking is an adventure to find. However I am in love with the new meterup app the city of Philadelphia has instituted and it's only $3 an hour for meter parking that you can add time to from your smartphone. We also found out that handicap tagged cars get an hour free parking on Sundays in the city! 
Restaurant is beautiful, well laid out, has a nice ambiance with a piano player (who takes tips), upper scale normal pricing approx $60 per person, dressier than a casual place so dress up and go have an amazing night out in the city starting with a wonderful prime rib dinner.Love the decor, as soon as you walk in you feel like you're having a night out! The staff was incredibly professional and friendly and the food was delicious! My husband and I have been trying to come up with another reason to go to Philadelphia so we can go back here!!I've been to the Prime Rib a few times, once for restaurant week, and a few other special occasions, the most recent of which was their $25 Prime Rib special for the month of August.
It's unfortunate that this place has so many 1-2 star reviews because of one-off bad experiences, most of which I've read seem like situations where the customer didn't speak up, had they done so, I think they would have found their issues promptly resolved.
Atmosphere:  Swanky and Quiet (except for the piano, which isn't very loud) is a great word for it.  It's an upscale place with an old-school vibe, but they won't turn you away if you have jeans and a polo on.
Beverages:  I have never ordered a cocktail here, so I can't speak for them.
Cuisine:  The Prime Rib signature dish is hands down the best steak I've ever had (which is a list that includes the other big names in Philly, Del Friscos, Ruth's Chris, etc.).  The filet oscar was also exceptional when I had it.  Make sure you get an order of the crispy potato skins, they are delicious and one order is big enough for two.
Service:  Perfectly attentive, but not in your face.  
If you're looking for amazing steak, a quiet, classy, and/or romantic atmosphere, as well as great service, this place is for you.Over the years I've managed to squeeze a few visits into my budget and schedule and so far they haven't let me down.  The dish of choice is of course the prime rib, but they have something for everyone.  It took me a couple times to figure out how I like my prime rib cooked, and the shrimp cocktail is worth every dollar.
The service has always been top notch, the wait staff is very knowledgeable and helpful in selecting a good wine to match your taste and meal.  Looking forward to my next visit, wish I could try some other dishes, but I'll probably always stick to the Prime Rib and Shrimp Cocktail.Came to the prime rib for a dinner a few weeks ago.  I ordered the prime rib medium rare and it was delicious. It's was prepared and seasoned very well. For dessert I had the key lime pie. Their key lime pie was pretty good and not too tarty. The ambiance in this place is nice. There was a pianist to provide entertainment.Visited The Prime Rib with my SO during restaurant week. The service was phenomenal as was the food. We enjoyed the house salads (dressing was so good) and he had the prime rib (the best he's ever had) and I had the salmon (also delicious). The sides of mashed potatoes and green beans were pretty standard for a steakhouse and our desserts (creme brulee and chocolate mouse) were delicious. 
We're looking forward to going back outside of restaraunt week. This would be a great romatic night out. We loved the pianist.This is the 2nd time dining here for restaurant week and again, it was phenomenal.  THE BEST crab imperial I have ever had.  Golden, buttery chunks of lump crab in each bite. The dish is not dry nor milky-just delicious.  The appetizers and dessert selections are pretty basic, as are the sides of creamed spinach & mashed potatoes.  The waitstaff are efficient and attentive without being overbearing.  We had a fantastic waiter named Spencer. I almost wanted him to pull up a seat with us, lol! 
The ambience is quite lovely, too: classic  and elegant.  
I'll definitely be returning outside of restaurant week!I've had better. Of course when I went, I was like well, I definitely have to get the Prime Rib. Got the prime rib and it was just okay. I ordered it med rare, and it came out med rare but it just did not seem to have much flavor.  They loaded it with salt and pepper but thats not how I want me prime rib.
I think that for the price, it could be much better quality. Service was very good, but the tables are way too close adn I could hear eveything someone was saying right next to me. Not somewhere I would spend for a loved ones birthday again. We couldnt even enjoy eachother's company. Dissapointing!OK, it's great. Let's just start there. But i'm taking away one star because it wasn't the best prime rib I've ever had. Other than that, it's great. Service was AMAZING. Couldn't have been happier with our wait staff. Very attentive, and helpful. They have a great deal Sunday nights too, which can't be beat. And you can bring in your own bottle of wine with no corking fee. So seriously, it's great. But as for flavor, i was just missing a little something. But overall a great meal, and the ambiance is terrific!We came to try the Prix Fixe and it was surpringly good.  I had the prime rib, which was juicy, fatty, and flavorful - just as a good prime rib should be; I can't stand overdone beef..  Was it the best ever?  Not quite but it was still tasty and definitely satisfying.  To be completely honest, the crab cakes are probably the better pick, with plenty of lump crabmeat, but sometimes you just really want artery-clogging steak.  The clams casino appetizer was flavorful with plenty of actual clam meat, and the creamed spinach side was on par with that found at any other steakhouse.  The creme brûlée dessert was okay but nothing special: it was creamy but a little too sweet for my liking.  Service was very attentive and the ambiance was great with leather couches and a baby grand.  Business casual dress though so I wouldn't come in jeans and a T-shirt.  Overall, a good steakhouse with a decently priced and tasty Prix Fixe.  I would definitely come for that again but I'm not sure if the steaks and dishes  are actually amazing enough to warrant the full price.  For that, I would probably head to Del Frisco's or Fleming's.While everything was delicious, I was actually a little disappointed in the prime rib itself. Although huge including the bone (and lots of fat) it wasn't nearly as flavorful as I'd expect from a restaurant of the same name. Perhaps if it had been served with more au jus or horseradish, the flavor would have been enhanced. As it was, it was merely a very good, albeit expensive (44.95), hunk of beef.We stayed at the Latham and had a horrible experience with a bartender at the Prime rib. We were in Philadelphia celebrating our CEO's birthday and when we went to the bar for a nightcap before retiring, the lazy bartender named Nitra saw all of us walk in and refused to serve us. We just left Del Friscos where we had a wonderful dinner. We had out of town clients with us and were so embarrassed that we would be treated that way at 11:45 on a Friday evening when we are guests of the hotel. It was crazy. The front desk coordinator at the hotel could not believe it either. Prime Rib needs to fire Nitra, you lost out on a sale and now we will never ever recommend Prime Rib to anyone. Too many people want to work hard, get rid of him and hire someone who wants to work!We went to the bar at the Prime Rib on Sunday night, and had a thoroughly delightful experience.  The bartenders, Gilberto and Daniel, were helpful and charming. The crab cakes were possibly the best I've eaten anywhere.  The bar made me feel like Don Draper would be arriving at any moment.
I've been there several times before, but eating at the bar was such a great time.  I have always felt the place to be a bit too formal and dated, but the bar atmosphere toned that down and let the relaxed elegance come through.I took my wife here for her birthday. We ivited several friends to join us and everyone had a great time. I had prepared some instructions for when we arrived (Example: Wishing the wife a happy birthday, playing some music on the piano and a specific bottle of wine and desert). The staff/servers at the prime rib were very friendly and professional at all times. They followed the instructions I had sent them when I made the reservations online through Open Table. 
The food was excellent, especially the Filet Mignon. The Filet had zero fat and was super tender and cut through like butter. Everything we got was excellent: the steaks, potatoes, fries, and various other sides were all cooked perfectly and were large portions that were enough for 2-3 people to share. The wine selection was decent and varied. There is a bar located towards the front of the restaurant and has a selection of cigars to purchase as well which is a nice touch. 
Service was quick and prompt while at the same time being friendly and providing good suggestions when it comes to wine that compliments your meal. They have a nice selection of liquor and scotch in particular. 
You are required to dress in business formal (Jacket/coat/blazer for guys and a dress/pants for women). I was fine with this and so was the rest of the group. It is more of an upscale or business restaurant that requires you to dress properly and is better for it.
Obviously this place isn't for everyone but even though it can be quite expensive depending on what you get and whether you drink it is worth it. Definitely recommend this place if you want some great food regardless of the high prices. It is worth the extra costs/prices especially if your a fan of Filet or Prime Rib. 
I wish that they had another location closer to were I now live. If only they had a location in King of Prussia so that they could directly compete against Mortons, Ruth Chris, and Sullivans in this area.
I can't wait to go back again and again.
One last thing sometimes parking can be an issue since it's in the city so if you have a reservation you might want to get there early.Sorry, The Prime Rib restaurant. I've had better. Perhaps, I've been very spoiled by House of Prime Rib in San Francisco. 
My friend had a craving for some Prime Rib. How could we pass up $35 Prix Fixe menu? I guess I could have hind-sight. For appetizer, I had Littleneck clams and Caesar salad. The clams were big and ok. Caesar dressing was terrible. It was tangy and there was a lot of acidity. It didn't taste like Caesar dressing. For entree, I ordered medium rare Prime Rib. I was thinking of having crab dish but went against it since we were at a restaurant that serves Prime Rib. Wow! My medium rare was PINK!?!?!? Really? Ok, I'll eat it. The meat was way chewy for a medium rare. The taste of the meat was OK. I think it was somewhat bland. There was some taste of meat but I wasn't enjoying it. Shaved horseradish didn't help with the taste either.  Thank goodness I wasn't paying full price for the meal. It wasn't worth it. I was expecting something better since I was in The Prime Rib restaurant.I've always been a fan of Lawry's back in LA, and have been searching for a comparable Prime Rib location here in Philly.  Dear God, Thank you for putting Prime Rib on the spot!  
First off, I was a bit skeptical after reading a post by an mad woman a few post down, ranting about service, food, PMS, etc.... and then notice that Douglas responded to her outcries and chronologically wrote up that dreadful evening's horrors.  If a manager can account for the patron's behavior to clear up any misunderstanding, that's a plus in my books.
My friends and I opted for the Restaurant week menu, and I was curious to see if the Yelp special was valid too, but alas, our waiter said no... A few minutes go by when an appetizer dish that had no resemblance to a salad comes by to our delightful surprise!  A succulent bacon wrapped salad seared in simple balsamic vinegar that instantly found its way into my stomach.  Can You Say "HEAVEN"?!  Douglas, the manager stated above, made a visit to our table asking how the yelp special was. Immediately I asked if he was the man responsible for the Yelp debate and it was nice to put a face to the man.  Great Guy!
The Prime Rib, Creamed Spinach and Mash Potato was outstanding!  Medium=Medium, Medium well=medium well.  Everything was brought out according to our exact order.  And the key lime pie?  *drooool*
It's the little things that makes fine dining a great experience.  The decor, the tables, the attention that waiters provide to every individual dining at the establishment.  Douglas, staff of The Prime Rib, thanks for an amazing experience!  Hats off to you guysWe had an early dinner there last Sunday.  It was a very positive experience.  The food and service were wonderful, and the crab cake appetizer was one of  the best I've tasted. 
The overall ambience of the place can be a bit off putting -- a bit stuffy and formal, but we ate at the bar and it could not have been a better experience.This is a great restaurant if you're willing to spend the money.  I went with my wife to enjoy a night out with good food and drinks.  We were definitely surprised with the food!  We started off with the imperial crab and it was simply amazing!! Then we ordered filet minion and lobster tails, corn off the cobb, asparagus, au grat potatoes, a creme brule and a key lime pie for dessert and two drinks.
The steak was really good, but the lobster was the best I've had in the last decade or so!  Everything was excellent and our server Jim, was a great help helping us select our meal.I chose this place to have a birthday dinner for a friend. The food was great. But I wasnt impressive with the service at all. We had a party of 13, only 2 was running late, they did not allow us to be seated. This is not the place you want to have dinner at for a big party. They seated us in two seperate table. But we was told that we would be seated at a rectangle table that would fit all of us. Now had I known that, I wouldnt even think twice to make a reservation here. The whole entire night, it felt so awkward. It felt like we were seperate groups. The birthday girl had to go back and forth between two table. When the cake came out, the other table felt left out because they werent notified. We spent a pretty decent amount of money here but only to be treated awkwardly? We could have been satistfied somewhere else. I truly did made a bad choice.The Prime Rib always had such a good name. I have been there once and I just wasn't that impressed. Maybe next time.From the leopard skin rug, to the cheesy piano playing moonlight serenade, walking into the prime rib is like walking into 1978...a good thing for some I guess.
Fortunately, came for a meeting in the private room, which was actually quaint and very nice. 
As for the food, we started with the tuna tartare app that I loved.  The cocktail shrimp were colossal.  The lobster bisque was so beyond thick and rich I was beside myself.  I felt like I was eating whipped lobster cream, meh. I went against the grain and had the crab cakes, they were lumpy and tasty.  My colleagues enjoyed their steaks, although most raved they wouldn't pay what their prices were if it weren't comped.  The bone in ribeye looked ginormous and sinful. 
Overall I don't think i'd ever choose to come here for a steak given the myriad of options, however, this is place your grandparents or parents may love.I've been here so many times over the past years, and it was always fabulous. I decided to have a small Christmas party for 10 guests...it was awful! The service was just eh, and the prime rib was not good at all. I took two bites and that was it.
What a terrible disappointment this trip was.I really like the decor and atmosphere of The Prime Rib. The dim lighting combined with the ridiculously comfortable chairs, make dining here very relaxing. There are a ton of staff so the service was excellent and I enjoyed the live piano - bass music. The food was also delicious. It isn't novel or innovative food, but it is classic steak house fare done very well. I actually don't eat meat but did enjoy the fish and mashed potatoes that I ordered.As far as steakhouses go, this was the bees knees.  Lobster Bisque had superb texture and flavor.  Even the salad was good, not overdressed or soggy, fresh and crisp as it should be.  I got a filet which was perfectly cooked and a side of mashed which was shared because it was pretty large.  Dessert was nothing special, I ordered creme brulee which was good and what I expected.  I was in a party of 10, some of which did not speak english very well, everthing was taken care of. by the staff.   I was a bit underdressed, no jacket, but still felt classy and never at any point did I feel uncomfortable.  The staff there made it a great experience, when I sell my firstborn I will go back.OK, like most of the reviews on here I have to say that I really do enjoy Prime Rib, the restaurant that is, I actually don't like the cut of beef prime rib all that much.  We have been frequenting Prime Rib for the last few years, not on a consistent basis by any means, but every once in awhile. Usually at the bar on a Sunday evening. The food is always really good, not in an 'OH MY God' way, like James, but in a 'damn that's good' kind of way. The partner loves prime rib and I'll usually go for one of the cuts. They have great prix fix menu's and I think on Sunday nights they have 1/2 price bottles of wine. Good Happy Hour too, from what I read. 
But the two things that I really enjoy about Prime Rib, is first the staff. Friendly, attentive and really good looking.  A bar staff that is friendly at a steak house??? What?! Are you crazy?? Yep, , friendly. Try to get a pleasant bartender at Union Trust or Del Frisco's or Barclay Prime! Forget about it. Next attentive. They are there if needed but not all smoochy and up your ass. Nice. Next attractive. Seriously. A really good looking staff. Not Starr 'model' pretentious. But really nice looking, from the manager on down to the bus boys.
Next I have to say this place is great for watching the freak show  of people that live in the Warwick!!! Seriously great. The bad plugs, the dye jobs, and the over tanned men. And the hideous plastic surgery, inappropriate young girl clothing, and gaudy jewelery on the women! So much fun!! Last time we were in, it seemed like any moment was going to end in an over 60's swinger party! Rittenhouse Square generally is fun to plastic surgery watch for me, the trout lips, the obvious botox, the huge swollen breasts; butt he Warwick residents have got it all.Love The Prime Rib for a romantic dinner...piano player is the best. The place is elegant and lovely...apart from the city while right at it's center, and I love to relax there with a great slab of Prime Rib!Let's start with the seating. I came here today for Vday and nothing romantic about it. The tables are so close together it was like having dinner with a stranger!!! The couple next to us were talking non stop and loud!!!! The whole ambience was non existent! Loud and obnoxious! Service!! What service!? Oh to come and pick of the check. Yeah that was excellent! I'd rather had gone to Cheese cake factory if I'd known I'd be sitting practically on someone's lap! The food, blah. One and done. Save your money.This is a 3.5 overall, but rounded up to a 4 for overall ambiance, quality and service.
Food: solid 4.5 star
Between the two of us we ordered Tuna Tartare to share, spinach and asparagus as sides to our main entrees of Chilean Sea Bass and Crab Cake. I know I know, no steak at a steakhouse? No regrets -- all the dishes were very memorable. 
First off, the tuna tartare was tossed with a sesame soy sauce, with a lemon on the side if you so wish (wrapped in a cheese cloth so the seeds don't come out.. fancy!). I liked that they were full chunks of tuna, where as some places mince up the tartare quite thin. The tuna was really fresh, some of the best I've ever had. $18
My chilean sea bass $41 was cooked very well. It had a nice crisp texture on the outside, miso glaze and , moist and that naturally chilean buttery flakeyness on the inside. My partners $39 jumbo lump crab cakes were very good -- coming from a proud Marylander -- these were very good crab cakes. JUST enough breading to keep the crab cake together, the rest all lump crabmeat , as it should be! Both spinach and asparagus were good as in they were well cooked, and accompanied well to the meal itself.
Service- 4 stars. It started off a bit slow -- took a while for a server to come over to us, even though we were the only ones at the restaurant at the time. Not sure if it was the way we were dressed ( sorry but we're not going to suit up in 100% humidity!) I understand it's hard not to judge, and maybe we weren't dressed up highly enough for this swanky place but treat all guests equally right? Anyway once we got started, the server was very professional. Explained the specials very well, came over at appropriate times to check on our drinks/meal . The order time to appetizer, and then following entree to table was perfect timing. 
Ambiance - like i said above. Swanky! Very fancy, gorgeous decor and very comfortable, as I like to call them " executive chairs." 
Price/value - 3.5 stars 
As I stated above, the food is quite phenomenal but let's break it down a bit. Entrees were very good, and alright they're a bit above the price range for competing restaurants, but they were also very well executed . Enough to justify the mark up? That's very subjective, and for me it's right on the brink of being acceptable. The vegetables though are what pushes everything over the edge. You would think with a $40 entree ( or I would think..) maybe it comes with a side, maybe? Nope. So this turns a $40 entree + $10-12 side to technically a $50+ full meal (this is without an appetizer). So if you compare to competing restaurants that lets say have Chilean Sea bass as an entree for $35 ( I loved Matysons) , it's actually a $20 difference given theirs comes with a side.. etc. Being a bit nit picky, but just wanted to break it down. To me, it's very hard to justify a $12 side, when that's a whole gnocchi dish somewhere else! But again, everyone's price/value/financial standpoint differs. 
I do think this is a great place for an anniversary, and any other fancy celebratory reasons. The food and service you will receive wont disappoint. Just be ready to break the wallet a little. 1 app, 3 drinks, 2 entrees, 2 sides roughly $200 between 2 folks to give ya a ballpark estimateVery recently, I was asked to organize a dinner to celebrate my friend's upcoming wedding, as I was the best man.
He always liked The Prime Rib, so I went with this place, not knowing what to expect.
I dealt with Glenn St. Coeur, the person in charge of these events.
Well, Mr. St. Coeur went above and beyond to make sure that this dinner not only came off well, but that I also looked great in the process!
One thing the Prime Rib does is ask for any images that they can print and put in the menus, and his suggestions helped me to come up with something extremely funny.
The only thing the groom-to-be asked for was Escargots, which Mr. St. Coeur made sure was included on the menu.
When it came to the actual room where we held the dinner, Mr. St.Coeur again made sure I was taken care of!
It was just amazing, with candles set up and looked incredible when it came to the overall setup of the table.
But where he really came through was when it came to the menu.
I had spoken with him about getting a prix fixe menu, which he had supplied. 
Most of us ordered the The Prime Rib. 
But none of us were prepared not only for the size of the cut, but how good it was.
Everything on the menu, including the Escargots (which I'd never had until this event), was amazing!
The Prime Rib, specifically Mr. St. Coeur, not only took care of us all, but made me the toast of the dinner for how well everything was done.
If you ever need to have a dinner where you need to impress, this is the place you want!I went here with one of my sales reps thats been here a number of times before. First, the food was great! If i had to rate this strickly on the food i would give it 5 stars. I had the prime rib and we all shared a few sides. 
Now, for the service, or should I say lack of. Our waiter was the worst i have had in a LONG time. I asked for a whiskey list and he acted like i was asking to much. He didnt being silverware and had to ask for it. I never got asked for a second drink and he basically ignored he table. Finally when we paid the second we signed he came over too the book and opened it up to look at the tip two steps from the table then said somehing under his breath.
If i would have had more time i would have asked for a manager and foregone a tip.
Sad to see a place that was highly recommended with quality food become such a let down due to the waiters they hire.This is where people from the suburbs go on their "fancy night in the city." 
It's expensive, the waiters wear tuxedos, and the food is bland and predictable. It's an excellent example of a certain style of mid-century American dining, and perhaps interesting from a sociological perspective, but completely out of sync with restaurant culture of 2012. It's all Mad Men up in here, but without the self-awareness that makes Butcher & Singer work. 
Creamed spinach. Unadorned corn. Steamed green beans. 
This is someone's party, for sure, but not mine.Uh it was ok. We got here late so I'll make an exception. But due to the price I expected better honestly. The wait staff was not as attentive as I thought they should be. But the food was pretty good! And I LOVED the ambiance!I had a decent dinner there with a group of friends, and must say this place is wildly overpriced. The food was pretty good. I had the small cut prime rib and a plate of asparagus...$50. That's a bit of a rip off if you ask me. The ambiance was nice, the place was clean, the coat check was a bonus. The serving staff was on the ball and very professional. It was a one time trip for me though. $19 for 4 Oysters Rockefeller? C'mon....that is ridiculous. If you want to drop $100 a person to have a decent meal I would not recommend this as the first pick unless you are severely trying to impress someone. It IS definitely impressive....just not to me.I like the prime rib a lot. Have been there a few times over the years and the food was always great.  There is definately an old school (some might say old) feeling to the place.
This is definately a place for a civilized dinner and unlike some of the other steakhouses in the city (cough Palm cough) you can hear the people talking to you on your table.
We went there last night for a boys night out - a few guys on the town, they had a BYOW Febuary which is great.
We had the biggest juicyest oysters I've had in the states for appetizer with the classic cocktail sauce/lemon on ice. I love my oysters and these were close to perfect.
As for the meat; I am not usualy a big fan of steak houses - just because I can generally grill a great steak myself and get a great result and so I am almost always slightly dissapointed by steaks when I order them in a restaurant. Unless the meat itself is pehomenal  (like Peter Lugar for example) or something in the preparation takes it to the next level - I am not big on steak house steaks. 
Prime rib is not much different in that respect. I've the regular steaks there - the NY strip and the Filet and they are very good but not amazing. This time I figured I would give the NY strip which is usualy my favorite cut a try and it confirmed my opinion on steak houeses steaks. The steak was very good - slightly more overcooked than the medium rare I ordered but overall I was not overly impressed.
The one thing that keeps me coming to the Prime Rib is -  the prime Rib. The prime rib is juicy meaty with the staple fat ring around and flavor I often dream of. I am not usualy fan of rib steaks (a little too fatty) but you can't beat a great prime rib and they definately perfected . it here.
As far as sides -  creamed spinach was a little runny this time which was a dissapointment, they blanched the aspargus to death but the potatoe skins saved the day.
Didn't do desserts this time but I remember fundly the creme burlee and the Key Lime.
Service was great, atmosphere lovely.
What else? service is always great every time I been there. It's a great place for a bigger group - we were 6-7 people with a huge round table and super comfy seats. 
Great place for a guys night out - just make sure you get the Prime rib!Great prime rib, but as expected, overpriced. The service was very good. Atmosphere is a bit stuffy, but that wasn't a surprise. 
Value for money? No. 
High quality prime rib? Yes.
Worth $37 per cut? No.We went on a Saturday night super late, but luckily just in time before the kitchen closed. The service was great, the atmosphere wonderful, and the food was delicious. I had the filet, which was done to perfection, and he had the tuna which was also great, I hear. For dessert, artisan dark chocolate ice cream hot fudge sundae, which was awesome. Alos, they had a live piano and bass player to add to the ambiance. Definitely a special occasion restaurant (I went in jeans and a shirt and felt very under-dressed) but kudos to the staff for not treating me like I was some bum off the street since I didn't have fancy clothes on (which has happened in the past at other places I went to underdressed) and will definitely be back (properly dressed this time).Consistently excellent food and service. I always enjoy dining here and have many times. I have often referred to this as Philadelphia's best steak house.Good service and great food. Classic ambience. Not for girl talk, good for anniversary celebration or first time date. Located in downtown so self-parking is kind of trouble. For the main course, steak and chicken are both pretty good, and definitely recommend the desserts.Steak ok but pricey and ambience is old fashioned not in a good wayThis is the best place I've ever eaten for any reason. That's all I have to say about The Prime.
I've never eaten seafood here, and I never will. But who would go to a restaurant called "The Prime Rib" and eat seafood? 
The prime rib is perfectly seasoned, huge, and the probably best thing a person can eat.The last time we ate at the Prime Rib, we had a bad experience.  The food was good as usual but we found a cockroach crawling on our booth.  When we brought it to the waiter's attention, we just got a shrug and had to request a change of tables.  That was that.  Nothing else was done and a shrug was all we got from the manager.  Not expecting a comp but some jesture would have been better than none at all.We dined at The Prime Rib during our stay for a conference and it was everything we expected and had heard it would be. We loved the supper club/piano bar details, and let me say-the prime rib was THE best I've ever had! My husband and I both order the surf and turf. The prime rib and filet were both cooked to perfection and had so much flavor that we couldn't quit talking about it. The cherry on top? The staff! Our waiter was so lovely! He paid perfect attention to detail, had everything timed beautifully, knew exactly what to suggest, and had a good wit about it to boot. He took a great experience and made it near perfect. 
We'll return soon!I've been here 3 times. Most recently for a private event and before that for restaurant week. Both times were amazing! The food was wonderful but what I loved the best was the service: it was top notch!A second trip to The Prime Rib was actually a much better experience than the first, but still not enough to elevate them beyond three stars for reasons I will go into below.  The basic take-home lesson from this review is:
If you are craving really good prime rib, go to The Prime Rib.  If random circumstances land you at The Prime Rib, order prime rib.
My most recent visit was a Saturday night dinner to celebrate husband's 35th birthday.  We were seated right on time at a cozy sofa/booth, had delightful service from Carlos (I think?) all evening, and enjoyed a celebratory meal that unfolded at the leisurely pace we wanted.  In spite of the relaxation of the jacket requirement, the dining room maintains a solidly swanky vibe, and most of my fellow diners were dressed appropriately.  The Prime Rib seems to have made a conscious decision to cater to a more mature (read: old) crowd, and I do not begrudge them that.  You'll want to look elsewhere for a hot, trendy atmosphere, but this is THE place to be if you want to feel like a nubile youngster on your 35th birthday.  The noise level was appropriate for their target market, and the live piano music was nice; though, there were a few too many repetitions of "Happy Birthday".  By the fourth one, I could barely stifle my urge to yell out "play The Dead"!
We started off our meal with classic bar cocktails and a jumbo shrimp cocktail.  No complaints there - the drinks were potent and well-mixed, the shrimp were absurdly jumbo and very nicely presented.  Prior to ordering our entrees, we selected a lovely bottle of Spanish Monastrell from the well-designed list.  A great deal of thought clearly went into putting together a non-generic selection of excellent economical choices to round out their "investment" bottles.  The list is smaller than I am used to at high-end steak houses, but the attention to detail makes up for it.
For the heart of meal, birthday boy ordered the signature bone-in double-cut prime rib and I went with the Filet Oscar.  Let me tell you, I had serious steak envy.  That thing was so beautiful it brought a tear to my eye - perfectly medium rare, living in a little au jus pond, joined on the plate by freshly shaved horseradish...the tear is back just writing about it.  It also took the boy until dinner on Monday to finally polish it off.  My filet was a fine piece of meat, but quite petite and topped with crab that was more "flake" than "lump".  The accompanying asparagus had been steamed so thoroughly that I could mash it against the roof of my mouth with my tongue.  We were tempted by the dessert menu, but were really too stuffed to commit.  For some reason, we had also ordered fries with our meal...
So - with outstanding service, a great wine list, good cocktails and appetizers, and prime rib that actually makes me get emotional, why only 3 stars?  Here is where the price factors in and makes me less forgiving.  For well over $100 per person, perfection is the expectation and anything less is disappointing.  One star is lost for the non-prime rib entrees, squishy vegetables, and average sides.  Another star is lost for subtle irritations such as 1) chintzy flatware, 2) the clearance of my husband's butter knife with his appetizer plate and lack of anyone noticing that we shared mine for the rest of the meal, 3) the prime rib being served on a plate only ~ 1" larger than the cut of meat itself.  We had a HUGE table.  A bigger plate would have fit with no problem and spared husband's new silk blazer from its constant "au jus peril".
I can and will look past these issues, and know that I will be back to spend money, feel swanky, and eat prime rib (and only prime rib) at The Prime Rib.The interior and ambiance of this restaurant was nice. There was dim lighting, someone playing the piano occasionally (which was pleasant), but I felt that seating was kind of tight. I liked how there was coat check because I would have felt too cluttered at my table.
My girlfriend and I came for restaurant week. I ordered the house salad and I should have asked for the dressing on the side cause honestly I the salad was drenched in dressing.. She enjoyed her sirloin, but I thought my prime rib was kind of hard to cut and chew. The sides were mashed potatoes and creamy spinach and they were good. We ordered creme brulee and the key lime pie. The key lime pie was delicious and I would recommend that to anyone. Also there were drink specials (maybe only for wine) for restaurant week and I really enjoyed the pinot noir. The water was filled promptly which was nice.
I had a pleasant time here but I don't know if I would come back for their regular priced menu because I didn't think anything too special for the food.Once again, Prime Rib did not disappoint.  My date and I were able to take advantage of their wine special (1/2 off bottles under $200), as well as their Prime Rib.  Service remained on par with attention to detail.  Our glass always stayed full without the feel of being hovered by servers, and our meal came out in timely manner.  The signature (better bring your appetite!) and split cut remains impeccable while the mashed potato is a great compliment to the entree.  
Douglas, the manager, always makes sure the restaurant appropriately attends to each guest, and that speaks volumes for me.It was my first time trying the prime rib. Personally I am not a big fan of primer rib so I enjoyed the sides (mashed potatoes, mushrooms and spinach) more than the main itself but my friends who love prime rib praised this place to have the best!! The place is classy and the service is great. Our waiter was so attentive and friendly. The place is on the more expensive side so expect to be spending some money when you dine here. Don't forget to dress nicely too! 
There's a grand piano in the middle of the restaurant. Really enjoyed the live pianist!Service was fantastic teverybody was super friendly food was great the creamed spinach was absolutely amazingI ate here a while back and I am only just now Yelping about it because I was reminded at the Rittenhouse Festival this past Saturday. I had their prime rib sandwich and enjoyed it. It needed a little something (didn't want to use horseradish sauce bc I'm not a fan), but the meat it self was very tender. They were also one of the few booths that didn't use generic buns to feed the mass... they had good buns. I remember enjoying the food at the restaurant as well and remembering having good service. Would consider returning for a special occasion or restaurant week.Bought $30 gift certificate for $15. Bass was the best we ever had.Came here on a busy night, but we had reservations and were seated quickly. Our waiter was very professional and pleasant, which was nice. I ordered the crab cake for my appetizer and I was surprised at how good it was! For my meal I ordered the Prime Filet Mignon medium-well and I enjoyed it...My husband ordered the Bone-In Rib medium-well and he also enjoyed it. We enjoyed our meals, drinks, and ambiance for an overall nice, upscale, dining experience.Best steak my wife and I ever had, huge delicious shrimp cocktail, and most importantly, Greg and Christina were awesome, friendly and professional servers, highly recommend, def request them for an  added plus to your experience :)I made reservation somewhere else and cancelled so I figured I would give the Prime Rib a try. My server was amazing and all the staff pretty friendly. My filet had amazing flavour however, I do not think our meal and drinks for 2 was worth what we paid. Very small filet and the side portions definitely do not feed more than 1 person if that's the only side you are having.This place has a stuffy old-school feel to it but we still come here every now and then for the prime rib. It's the best you can find in Philly so just order it. All the other entrees I've tried (pork chop, lamb rack) aren't up to par as other steakhouses. The sides are small but good. I also recommend the mud pie for dessert. It's so good it's sinful.First of all, let me say- I have never felt classier in my life! The music and vibe of the restaurant was so classy, I truly wanted to dance in the dim light! Our waiter, Vinny, is by far the main reason for the five stars. He was so professional & cordial. Our food was amazing. For our appetizer we got clams. I got crab cakes, a side of au gratin potatoes, and green beans. My boyfriend got prime rib, loaded baked potato, and asparagus. Everything was cooked to perfection. The desert was unexplainably amazing. This was the best restaurant to spend our anniversary! We will definitely be back!The Prime Rib has been hovering on my list of Philly dining must-trys for some time now, and husband and I decided to treat ourselves to a little pre-holiday party for two on Saturday night.  The lobby was packed when we walked in at 8:30 for our 8:30 reservation.  We were a bit skeptical about how long we might end up waiting as we wedged ourselves into the bar to grab a few glasses of wine, but we ended up seated by 8:50 at one of the best tables in the house.
Our vantage point from the upper level of the main dining room allowed us to take in the  intense decor (leopard, and mirrors, and giant Christmas roses oh my!), and diverse clientele.  It seems that the recent relaxation of the dress code means that they went from "jackets required" to "anything goes".  We saw a range from elegant couples in black tie and formal gowns to groups in jeans, sweatshirts, grubby sneakers and ball caps.  A little part of me died inside.
Since we were both in the mood for prime rib, we decided to capitalize on the three-course fixed-price menu mentioned in the Yelp reviews (and The Prime Rib's own website).  This is a fantastic deal, but you should be aware that it might be served with a thoroughly unsubtle side of  condescending annoyance from the waiter.  Fortunately, we were able to drown our imaginary shame in a nice bottle of red wine from their modestly sized (relative to other high-end steakhouses) but wide-ranging list. 
We added a shrimp cocktail to start things off, and the four ultra jumbo shrimp were scrumptious and briny, set off by a strongly spiced (but very tasty) cocktail sauce.  For the 1st course, I had the roasted tomato soup and the boy had a Caesar salad.  Both were fine starts to the meal, but nothing to get too worked up over.  We both had prime rib for the main course with string beans and steak fries.  Most importantly: meat = good!  The cuts of prime rib were generous, velvety, and mildly flavored, just as good prime rib should be; though both of the pieces (mine ordered rare, his medium rare) were slightly overdone.  The meat was generously salted and served with crisp shaved horseradish.  The sides were just okay with the beans being a little on the soft side and the fries being generally un-special.  Desserts of creme brulee and chocolate mousse pie were delightful treats to finish the meal.
In summary, I would pretty happily go back to The Prime Rib, but it would not be my first choice for steak in the city.I want to give this place four stars because they had a really good special when I went ($15 for 15oz prime rib, plus we got a free appetizer for mentioning Yelp), but I just wasn't that impressed by their signature dish -- so either it's a matter of "you get what you pay for" or "full price at this place must really suck." The meat was good but not great. The service was good but not great. The ambiance was nostalgic and funny and very 1990s hotel lobby, but unless a restaurant's environment is exceptional, that's pretty much on the bottom of my list.  
So yeah, A-OK, but probably not my first choice for steak.  Oh well, at least I made my mother in law happy by texting her to let her know that her steak is better than a fancy steakhouse.For some reason this location is not as good as the one in DC.
Been here twice and while the service is good, the prime rib is so-so at best. I don't eat a lot of prime rib, but once in a while I have a taste for it and the pieces I've had here with both fatty and not real tasty. I always ask for an end cut when I make the reservation and when I get there they never have it. Not sure why they say they will not my request and then never make good on it.
Sides are usually good, although the home fries last time were a bit greasy.
They do pour a good drink and the wines by the glass are fairly priced.
They used to require men to wear jackets, but now you can go in looking like a bum. Guess the recession has gotten restaurants to take the money and if people look like they just came from a game of flag football who cares.
Last time I was in DC that restaurant still required jackets, and the food was better.Have been to the Prime Rib multiple times and am always satisfied when I leave there. Whenever I go I always get the prime rib, and for good reason because its always excellent. Every time I have ordered it, it comes out perfectly cooked. The service has always been incredible; the waiters are attentive and never leave you waiting for long. The atmosphere is also great! At times there is someone playing the piano which is a nice touch. From the moment I am greeted at the door to the time I leave, every time I am given an experience to remember. Great food, great service, great restaurant!This is my first post on Yelp but I am so tired of the experience.  My husband and I have been coming to the Prime Rib for over 5  years every time we visit our son who lives in Rittenhouse Square.  The beef offerings have always been consistently good and better than the big beef chain restaurants in Philadelphia. The bar design is fabulous with good mood music.  Our  "beef" is with Joe the bartender.  We really want to love this place but unless one is a regular expect to be ignored and treated like a bumpkin.  On our recent visit, he totally ignored 2 patrons as he tended to his regulars with service and chat.  His affected mannerism needs to be taken down a few notches and could do with a course in how to treat everyone.  I realize this post will offend some.I love this place - and I only sit at the bar (unless someone else is treating).  The bar is affordable and friendly.  The restaurant itself is absolutely wonderful, but VERY costly!  The music is exemplary.  The atmosphere, elegant.  Reminiscent of a supper club from the 1930s.Potentially I am reacting to having really high expectations when we walked in the door, but honestly this will not be a place to which I return or recommend. 
The food was good. I stress good, not great. As people who have gone to a lot of steak places in this city - there is much better steak out there at the same or even lower prices.
The service was not good. Not rude or anything, but he seemed like he wanted to be anywhere but there. It took awhile for him to come over and take our orders and I'm not sure he said more than ten words the entire night. Once our drinks were empty, they took away the glasses but never asked if we wanted anything else and when we were ordering dinner he didn't ask us if we wanted sides or offer any suggestions on the cut or temperature of the meat. 
At one time, this might have been a great steakhouse, but in our experience it needs some revitalization.Begin the riots, but I'll argue with anyone (including a certain media food critic) that Barclay Prime's best cut is better than Prime Rib.
PR has the glitz and brass moldings that accompany Rittenhouse Square. It is a place where deals are made and investment bankers laugh over their days earnings. It is a perfect place for old money and the people Kate Winslet made Leo DiCaprio eat dinner with on the Titanic.
I am sure that my case is not normal but it took us 45 minutes to be served our drinks and another 30 for appetizers. I think it was age-ism, so I recommend the younger crowd going somewhere they are more welcome.
They also claim they invented the potato skins but I was unimpressed.We visited Prime Rib again to celebrate a wonderful vacation in Puerta Plata and as a sendoff to our friend returning to Ukraine. Our waitress this time was Christina and man have we been blessed with great servers. The entire support staff are wonderful, attentive and polite as well. 
Christina was a good sport with the 3 liter bottle of wine that was brought. It's a really good thing it's BYOB bcuz 2 small mixed drinks at the bar came to $24. OUCH
As a party of 7 they did a great job bringing all our food out at the same time. I really appreciate the timing involved in making this happen.The Radisson Blu, located in the very heart of downtown Philadelphia, is home to the memorable and ultimately refined steakhouse, The Prime Rib.
Stepping back into a time when there was a real relationship with our spoils; from our shoe-shiner, the neighborhood butcher, and even our auto dealer, there too was a place where we brought our families and loved ones to celebrate the joys of life. That tradition continues in these walls.
Designed by brothers Buzz and Nick BeLer to evoke the elegant supper clubs of 1940′s Manhattan, The Prime Rib Restaurant opened in Baltimore in 1965.
Even today, The Prime Rib is the 1# Steakhouse in DC, Baltimore and Philadelphia, according to Zagat.
Thick prime cuts and fresh seafood is on the menu. There are slight differences from location, but sides, appetizers, and the Potato Skins (encouraged), are standard offerings.
The Roast Prime Rib Signature Split Cut can't be duplicated. The Dry Aged USDA Prime NY Strip is velvety and seasoned simply. Their Award-Winning Baltimore Recipe Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes are familiar, but sturdy and meaty.
Sides provide an herbivorous break between award-winning steaks. Mushrooms are good, brussel sprouts are not as crunchy green as preferred.
End with a Pecan Pie, if you can. Wines aren't off-putting by price, but curated for those who want value and quality. Ask your dapper server for parings or suggestions. Don't be afraid to refer to price.
If The Prime Rib was available to our Founding Fathers, perhaps they wouldn't have needed to find anything else?Shame on you prime rib for having a bartender that got pissed off every time we ordered a glass of wine. And why would a piece of raw tuna take 25 minutes?  Belie level service for a very expensive meal we won't be back!I was here during restaurant week with a bunch o friends. The food was alright considering we only had a limited selection to pick from... The price, on the other hand, not alright. Thankfully, we got the restaurant week deal cuz otherwise we woulda had to go out on the streets to panhandle to foot the bill. 
It was a bit dark so I could be a lil off the mark when I say this but the interior decoration was just a smidgen antiquated... it reminded me of the late 80s actually with mirrors and black glass everywhere...
On the plus side, there was a live pianist and my company was great.Took a while to decide on a place in Philly to go for one of our all-too-rare date nights with my wife.  She said she wanted seafood and I felt like steak.  The reviews and accolades that I found about this place made me check out the menu.  I saw a pretty nice seafood selection as well, including ahi tuna - my wife's favorite.  
First impression was the overall class of the place.  Incredibly swanky.  The decor was classy, and the piano player was excellent.  
We grabbed the tuna tartare as an appetizer and it was amazing.  On hindsight, I shouldn't have had that because between the bread and this app, I never had a chance with dinner.
My wife got the ahi as planned and loved it.  It wasn't the best she ever had, but she said it was really good.  I opted for the prime rib - full cut.  I felt like John Candy in the Great Outdoors trying to polish off the old 96'er.  It looked like the rack of ribs that knocked over Fred Flintstone's car.  It was cooked perfectly and was nothing short of amazing.  I had to use the appetizer as an excuse to why I didn't finish it.  It was the best prime rib I've ever had.
I would probably return here just for the prime rib.  Contrary to other posts, we weren't rushed in the slightest.  
Absolutely loved the place.Classy restaurant. I am Argentine and I have to admit I was quite surprised. The meat was mild and tasty, almost like butter, with a crusty border as it should. Great technic and nice service, huge portions (I shared the smaller one with my mother and my boyfriend was more than satisfied with the small size as well). Found one of my favorite Argentine Malbec in the wine menu ;). Worth it to visit if you are in PhillyWhat an incredibly awful experience!
We walked in for our 8 pm reservation and were told it would be about a 15 mon wait. The lobby and bar were wall to wall bodies. Squeezing into the bar we were jostled and stepped on while trying to enjoy a drink for my birthday.
We soon realized everyone in the bar had 8 pm reservations. Not a good way to start my Birthday dinner. The manager realizing the disaster started giving all free drinks making the crowd drunk and rowdier. After three requests we were seated at 9:30 and ate dinner at 10 pm. The manager did offer to comp the dinner, and we accepted.
However, the mood and ambiance were ruined by then. Like a Saturday nite live skit, the piano player played Happy Birthday about every 5 min. Everyone must have had a birthday! It was laughable!
We drove 1 hr to get to this place and 1 hr home for a ruined evening by thoughtlessness and overbooking!
Never again! Too bad as the food was delicious- or we were starved! A nightmare,This is why I like restaurant week. I can try the places I've heard are good and if they suck, I'm not totally disappointment (or out some serious cash). Luckily, this place lived up to the hype. 
The inside of Prime Rib is sleek and smooth. You are seated in black leather captain chairs. The sound of the piano falls softly in the background. It makes you feel like you are about to spend some serious money. 
Usually they have a dress code but for Restaurant Week it's relaxed (not sure if I should be offended by that or not). The waiter was awful. When I ordered a Diet Coke while the rest of our 4 person party was looking at the wine menu, he simply ignored my request. I never got it. We made fun of it all night like it was beneath him. Oh well, to the food.... 
I ordered their Caesar salad, for the first course. It was very tasty. Not a heavy cream based salad which can happen at other restaurants. 
Everyone ordered the prime rib for an entree. We had 2 medium wells, a medium, and a rare. Each steak came out perfectly. Mine was the medium and it was so juicy. There was a nice layer of pepper on it, too. Also, there wasn't a ton of fat on it which is a problem I have with other prime ribs. It was delicious! 
The dessert I chose was the chocolate mousse pie. It was extremely rich (in a good way!) and smooth. It was like heaven on a fork. After I was done, you could still taste it. That is what a good dessert should do! 
The only thing I could complain about is the sides. We were served mashed potatoes and creamed spinach. They were good, but there wasn't a lot of it. The table next to us was a table of 2 and they had the exact same portions as we did. 
I will definitely be going back.Went there last week.  Management was awful.  My friends steak had to be sent back 3 times because they couldn't cook it right.  Tried charging us for it and argued with us when we called them on it.  The rest of the food was OK at best.  You could go to outback or a lone star get better steak and service.  
Personally I would never go back.My mother just told me about an experience she had at The Prime Rib this past Friday evening while dining with another couple.  My father had an "old" gift certificate for $150.00, but never realized the expiration date on the gift certificate was 2004!! Yes, over TEN years old. They presented it to their waiter, and didn't really expect for it to be honored. Their waiter did speak to his manager, but without batting an eye, they kindly honored the old expired gift certificate for the full amount. It made me smile to know this type of establishment exists and I will be dining there soon.  My mother also stated in addition to the fantastic service, their food was outstanding! Nicely done Prime Rib!I tried The Prime Rib during Restaurant Week. My original reservation was during the blizzard, the day Mayor Kenney urged everyone to stay inside. The Prime Rib was very prompt in letting me know that all reservations had to be canceled and rescheduled my party for the day after. Service was great even before I got to the restaurant -- a great sign.
When I walked into The Prime Rib I immediately got the impression that this was a "put it on the company card" kind of place. There were lots of older men in suits dining together, a few couples, and my incongruous table of three -- we looked to be the only ones going straight for the Restaurant Week menu without any second thoughts.
We all ordered the namesake and shared the mashed potatoes and creamed spinach. While the prime rib was a perfect medium rare, the seasoning was on the bland side. The mashed potatoes were similarly bland. No complaints on the creamed spinach. Also no complaints on my choice of dessert -- the creme brulee. 
Based on the Restaurant Week price and quantity, The Prime Rib is a solid 4 stars. I think I would have been disappointed with my meal had I been paying full price though. The Prime Rib is going on my "Restaurant Week Only" list.Well Garth and Company you did it again You and your staff made my
dining experience one for the record books even on a very busy
Valentines day. The Service was perfect and the Prim Rib cut with a
fork.. Prepared exactly the way it was ordered rare. My bride was
equally impressed that a restaurant that was full made you feel that
you were the only one in the place. my hats off to you againThis place is beyond tacky. Maybe I would think differently if I was a senior citizen, but for real....the decor of the place reminded me of two things....1. a funeral home and 2. my grandmothers house, which really aren't very much different.
My friend and I were probably the only two people apart from restaurant staff below the age of 60.  The food was ok. I don't think it was anything spectacular, and also somewhat overpriced.  
Worth the laugh to see old men's wives chowing down on their gigantic tomatos because they are "vegetarian."
The waiter knocked over our two glasses of wine.  We had to actually request 2 new glasses be brought, and then they had the nerve to try to charge us for them.
The Barclay Prime is better.I stayed at this hotel last month for 8 nights, visiting relatives and friends and touring the olde city where I was born and raised.
    At the hotel one early afternoon I went to the Prime Rib and asked if I could take a look around, that I was staying upstairs and would like to eat there. The manager was very accommodating and walked me around the restaurant. 
    Its fabulous with the beautiful elevated piano, leather seats, beautiful settings, etc. It reminds me of a time when Downstairs didn't feel entitled to eat with Upstairs.  Slobbus American Rex thinks a short sleeved shirt with a plumber's logo on the back and a name tag on the front are customary de rigeur these days for high priced and quality dining just because they have the money and know how to use dese, dems and doze when appropriate. Dress up folks, look your best, dress for success when going to the Prime Rib.
     The prime rib dinner was good, the waiter was a fine fellow, not pushy, not condescending but really pleasant.  I am not going to go into individual items but just say that overall it was a good, satisfying meal, the service was nice and attentive, I would go back there again and again with my wife who agreed entirely that we had a wonderful time.  For those of you who go out with 8 and 10 people, save it for chucky cheese, you can't even get appropriate service with that many people at Pat's King of steaks even though you have to stand up and eat in a crowd. Eight and ten people are too many slobs in one location. Thanks again for reading my comments that the Prime Rib is a really worthwhile restaurant.Dark wood, leather seats, piano in the middle of the restaurant and plenty of waiters in suits running around the crowded dining room, it's a steakhouse after all.  We had reservations, which I would highly recommend as this place gets very crowded.
This review is for restaurant week dining experience, first time visiting this particular restaurant.  
Subtle jazz music in the background, leopard print carpet, you get the idea, it's retro style. It gets a bit noisy when the dining room is full. The service was good, they start you off with warm baked bread & whipped butter, then came the salads which were very fresh and tasty.
For entrees we had the prime rib, and the salmon, sides were spinach & mashed potatoes, typical sides for a steakhouse. 
The dessert was the best of all, chocolate mousse pie & key lime pie delicious and bursting with flavor.The husband and I came here on a snowy weeknight after coming back from a show. From the minute we walked in the ambience captured me and I fell in love. From the piano man playing to the black walls and leather tufted chairs, it all brings you back to the Old Hollywood era. Our waiter was very attentive, but gave us enough space which we appreciated.
We shared the crab cake appetizer, which I loved. I'm from Louisiana so I appreciate a crab cake that's mostly crab and little filler and that's what this appetizer is. We then each ordered the pork chop which was juicy and well seasoned and shared the mashed potatoes. We each thoroughly enjoyed our meal and had a lot left over. We'll definitely be back.We went there after the opera.  We ate at the bar and ordered off the prix fixe menu.  Couldn't believe how much food we got. Everything was so good.  Have since gone back and ordered off the regular menu.  Highly recommended.I was visiting my daughter for the weekend and had an opportunity to go for dinner. i was on a flight and the magazine onflight had ad advertisement for your restaurant. I stayed on Chestnut and walked a short distance and had a great surprise. I had the prime rib, of course, and it was delicious. I will be in Philly in May and plan to return for a great meal and a celebration for my daughters graduation from PENNClassy. Excellent service. And the Sunday BYOB menu takes the cake.
Genny takes great care of us every time we are there. Hat's off to the Prime Rib and service the way it was meant to me.We had reservations for Valentine's Day. I received a call on the afternoon of Valentine's Day informing me the restaurant was closing for the night and our reservation was canceled. I understand things happen outside their control but it was not possible to find a reservation that late in the day anywhere else decent. The person who called didn't offer any apologies didn't try to reschedule for another night,  not even a sorry I understand this is an important night for going out. They just said we are closed and your reservation is canceled that was it. I would expect better customer service when canceling last minute on a holiday.Excellent!  My guest and I took advantage of the $15.00 prime rib offer.  The dinner was phenomenal.  We mentioned Yelp and our waiter offered us the bacon wrapped scallop in a bed of fresh spinach with a basalmic vineragette sauce.  We loved it.  Our waiter was polite and professional.  The atomoshere was wonderful.  We will be dining here again.i am a fan of the 15oz for $15 special for the month of august!  i ordered a medium and it was tasty - could've been better w/ less fat but overall good.
i mentioned yelp to get a complimentary appetizer.  LESSON - this does not mean you can pick any appetizer on the menu!  this means, they bring you fried potato skin.  what a good way to use up everything you've got in the kitchen w/out waste.
we got these sides (and yes, they are pretty small for family size):
brussell sprouts:  not bad but can't beat audrey claire's
mashed potatoes:  standard
caesar salad/house salad/hearts of palm:  $11 each - kind of small.  doused w/ dressing, almost too much
potatos au gratin:  this was good, my fave
creamed spinach:  eh, standard
mushrooms:  tasty
we had 9 people, hence all the sides - but only got to eat a small bite of each b c the portion is quite small.
dessert = mud pie.  YUM.
i would never go back for a full priced dinner.  but i';d go back for $15 for 15 oz of prime rib!Went for graduation celebration. Terrific atmosphere, old school steak house with dark wood walls white table cloths and the staff are all in either tuxedos or full suits. Greeted pleasantly, not over the top and fake. Waiter was delightful. Perfect mix of friendly and professional. He offered suggestions when one of our guests was undecided. Attentive support staff as well. Our party of 8 was not stuffed into a too small table. Now about the food....one dish was better than the next! Lobster bisque had chunks of lobster in the bottom. Clams casino had thick bacon on it. We all had filet mignon - like BUTTA!! It came with crabmeat on top and that too, was delicious, like scrape off your plate good. Prices, for us as New Yorkers, were comparable to what we are used for a good steak dinner. And NO-ONE had room for dessert, but we had delicious left overs today!Even though this could be looked upon as a special occasion type place I enjoy going and eating at the bar the best! I enjoy watching a game while some nice live Jazz is played softly in the background. The bartenders are always friendly, fun, and give great advice on drinks and food. I loved the lamb chops, mostly because there's no place that gives you mint jelly anymore and man did it take me back. The food is basic and delicious with portions that guarantee some leftovers.This was the most horrible service I've ever experienced. I NEVER don't give at least 20% gratuity and here I didn't wanna give 5%.  Food was average, definitely not worth the $Prime Rib is amazing period. I've been here on numerous occasions and they never disappoint! This very specific special night we brought my 95 year old grandma! The generous booth for her that seated 2 although it can fit 5 was extra special for her. The hostess even brought a pillow because she's so tiny! ALL restaurant please observe, this is how fine dining should be! Did I forget to mention, it was restaurant week, indeed it was. They were super busy but were able to keep the same excellent customer service to our party of 6! The food is great as usual. At the end of the night, the manager came over and thank us and made sure everything was good. I don't think I've ever been to such a fine establishment that matches their superior customer service. Thank you Prime Rib for a wonderful evening. Life is about collecting fun memories and Prime Rib delivered!Came here last night without out-of-town guest because he's a meat-and-potatoes guy. Didn't realize until after making the reservation that it was Restaurant Week. Staff kept up with volume. 
I love the Restaurant Week menu because I can get a smaller portion of the signature Prime Rib. Guest had the half rack of lamb also on the Restaurant Week menu. Our server Holden was perfect. Even promptly replaced my meat which came out medium rather than requested medium-rare. Thanks!!Went here for a special occasion, and were not disappointed.
The first thing that strikes you when you enter is the decor. The place exudes power-lunch, opulence, and old world charm like no other. The tables, the high back leather chairs, the live pianist, and all the old CEOs and in general older-clientele really contribute to the atmosphere.
Now, that obviously made us two twenty-somethings stick out a bit at first, but still, we ended up making do. The food was great, and at 26$, the veggie platter is certainly a good deal for all the food you're getting. I was told that the steak itself was fantastic, and all in all, it was a great experience.
Side dishes are wonderful complements to the main fare, at their occasional 15 oz for 20$ specials that I get emails about seem to be priced rather competitively! My conclusion is that I think that it's quality food and that it is priced appropriately for what it is, although others can certainly have their own opinions on the same! :)One of the best restaurants in philly. I love the ambiance. As soon as you walk in you're greeted by friendly staff members. I had the pleasure of being walked over by the GM to my table. Talk about feeling special! The wine was awesome, salad was great, and the prime rib and steak were to die for! I will definitely be back. They have more than exceeded my expectationsI ate here years ago, before Yelp was a thing and this place was a jacket required kind of place.  While time has moved forward, this place has not.  I came here recently for another try some 10 years later and nothing has changed except they no longer require jackets.  I had a little confusion with my reservation but the front end host and hostess did a really good job of being accommodating which was nice.
The food wasn't as spectacular as I remember it to be, but that could be that Prime Rib was also one of my first fine dining experiences of my life so at the time I was relatively easily impressed.  We ordered the special of the night, the soft shell crab, and it came out an oily mess.  The actual prime rib was well made though so I'll give them that.  Dining experience wise, my friend had bought me cake for my birthday from outside the restaurant and they charged me a whopping thirty some dollars to put it on a plate and cut it into small pieces so that definitely left a sour taste to end the meal.  On top of that my waiter seemed totally disinterested with life, let alone the table and showed up once to recite specials and take orders, the seemingly one required visit to ensure we liked the food, and then finally to present the check.   
With an aging clientele (everyone but my table was over 55) and a wait staff that seemed to care less and still want to charge you top dollar, I don't think I'll be coming back unless there is a major overhaul.  You and I could be spending our hard earned money elsewhere in the city with a much more enjoyable experience for the same if not a fraction of the price.We have not been to The Prime Rib in at least five years, instead choosing Capital Grille for our indulging in first class cuisine and superb red meat.  Having received a 30% off offer, we decided it was time. Yes, bribes do work!  All in all, it was a major disappointment.  First, the upside: My wife's Chilean Sea Bass was excellent.  Now the downside: Everything else was mediocre.  The salads were very ordinary.  More diner than fine dining.  Her steamed asparagus was gray and limp and flavorless.  My rare prime rib was huge but quite chewy except for the fatty portion around the edge.  My steak knife worked hard to cut off slices.  My masked potatoes were indeed homemade but flat.  However, the coffee was excellent.  The service was attentive and the ambiance lovely, but what good is that when you leave feeling unhappy? Would we go back? Hardly, much better experience at Capital Grille for around the same cost.We dined here for a birthday dinner.  There were 6 of us.  The ambiance was pleasant.  I enjoyed the pianist.
The staff was attentive.  My water glass was filled to the rim the whole time evening.  We had a variety of salads & appetizers.  My Heart of Palm salad was nice in that it came with 2 deviled eggs but, several palms were inedible.  The sides were served family style & not plentiful.  I'm sorry for $22, we had enough mashed potatoes to feed 2 people & a child happily. My crab cakes were fine.  Full of lump crab meat but no remarkable flavor.  The others had steak and/or lobster.  My boyfriend said his prime rib was mediocre.  Overall, it was fine.  Would I go back, no.  I had a much better experience at Del Frisco's and the food was much more flavorful.Tradition.  There is something to be said for it, when you find it in an un-selfconscious (not Butcher & Singer) kind of way.  When it is authentic.  And not an exercise in food marketing for those who need "branding" to validate their dining experience.  The Prime Rib is that kind of place.  
I love The Prime Rib.  I love it's well cared for, dated, slightly dowdy, period decor the way I like an old Bentley (much better than a new one) with the smell of leather and gleam of the burl-wood dash.  I love that it is not on the "A" list of hip places to go.  When they have live music, I can hear the magnificent Ted Gericke playing the piano, a real Jazz maestro, and I will say that-  with the music, candlelight, white linen tablecloths, and servers that take their jobs seriously in formal attire-  the ambiance approaches heaven.  Best of all, the food measures up.  It is pure traditional fare.  It aspires not to be innovative in any way, but simply prepared with exceptional quality-  in both ingredients and execution.  Yes, it is the kind of food our parents ate when they went out for a special meal, before the Restaurant Revolution.   Of course, I had to order the prime rib, at least once and it was as good as any I have ever had (although I am not terribly qualified to judge steak as I order it rarely- no pun!).  My companion (heresay!) does, however, like her meat and she raved over the filet mignon.  I will say that the portion I received was enough to feed a family of four, and it was prepared perfectly to specification.  
They recently lifted the "jacket required" rule for men in the dining area, as a nod to 21st century casual, and I am glad of that, as I do not always want to "dress for dinner."   But if the traditional aspect is a bit overwhelming at first, one is set at ease right away by servers who are friendly and casual in contrast to their formal black & white.  They make you feel good.  Congratulations to management for uniformly excellent training and attention to detail. 
I like that I can have a conversation across the table at the Prime Rib, still enjoying music in the background.  I do not need to dine in a mosh pit, which is the ambiance at many "hipper" places in town.  The Prime Rib is "civilized."  Let me say, if I were meeting a client, doing an interview with the mayor, negotiating with a Soviet agent who wanted to defect, or otherwise wanted an elegant place tucked away from the indiscreet light of day, I would choose The Prime Rib.  
A vestige of Old Philadelphia that has survived intact, without fanfare, keeping this mode of traditional dining alive.
PS: the bar is a great place to eat as well, with friendly service and you are bound to remember the conversation (and you might even get to have a drink with Ted Gericke between sets if you are lucky)I have been to many fancy steakhouse in philly and Prime Rib is probably one of my top 3 picks. The restaurant is located inside a hotel and looks very elegant and classy. Live piano play in the center of the restaurant. I ordered a filet mignon and it's very flavorful and was cook perfectly. 
The reason i am giving a four stars is because i was placed in a corner seat right next to the kitchen entrance. Make sure you let them know where you want to sit when making the reservation. Other than that, it's highly recommended.I love Prime Rib dearly and look forward, every year, to their Christmas lunch hours.  This year, the prime rib was a bit fatty, but they redeemed themselves at a 2nd lunch with the roast chicken and a superb crab cake.  I'm still in love.Went here for our one yr wedding anniv. Decided on this based on reviews and in a nice hotel so no need to drive in Philly.  Had to wait a half hr even though made reservations b/c the booth request was never noted.  Bar was small and decor very 80s.  Piano music was pleasant and waiter very nice and attentive.  Got lobster bisque and it was more cream w/a few chunks of lobster.  Filet mignon okay, but not worth $45.  Sides did not blow me away like I have found at similar restaurants.  Best part was chocolate mousse pie.  It was fabulous and our waiter comped it b/c it was our anniversary.  Nice enough experience and good if you want to stay there too, but will not return.  Dinner was over $250 (includes a few beers - no wine).THE LOST ART OF DINING
Every once in a while, a restaurant comes along thats a "Keeper"
The Prime Rib is IT.. I have been dining there for the better part of
two years. not every night..but about twice a month. I am not a stuffy
guy by no stretch I stand outside on 9th street and eat a cheese steak,
go to Mickey D's, buy a slice of Pepperoni... but appreciate fine
dining.  Getting dressed for dinner, enjoying a fantastic Martini listening to a great Jazz duo and sitting down to the best Prime Rib I have ever eaten is a treat for those special evenings.  Old fashioned ATTENTIVE SERVICE , knowing the menu, what ingredient is in each item offered
knowing when to serve the next course, no pushiness just GREAT FOOD, FANTASTIC SERVICE.  This restaurant is not for everyone
BUT those of you who appreciate The Art of Fine Dining not just eating dinner, this is the place to go. Say Hi to Garth...He is the MANI was here once for restaurant week.  The service was wonderful and for that, I would give 5 stars.  The problem I had was the portion size of the food.  There were 5 of us dining and everyone ordered the prime rib.  The salad was good, the creme brûlée for dessert was also good, and the prime rib was delicious!  However, the prime rib was really thin.  I didn't realize how much smaller our table's portion was until we saw a prime rib be delivered to a nearby table that was at least twice, maybe even three times the size of ours.  On top of that, we were given one tiny dish of mashed potatoes and a tiny dish of green beans to share.  Other tables with only 2 people got the same amount of sides, which left each of us with about a little dollop of potatoes each and a few green beans.  I know it's restaurant week, but don't skimp on the portions so much that it prevents us from coming back at all.  If you can afford to come here on a non-restaurant week time, it's probably worth it because the food and service were good, the portion size just left a bad taste in my mouth.Usually we are very pleased. Today we were disappointed, the prime rib was far from tender.My mother and I decided to check out The Prime Rib after seeing reviews online. First off, it is in a great location (Rittenhouse Square). It was very convenient that to hop on an elevator, walk a few feet, and end up here. Second of all, the restaurant seems to get some traffic for the bar as well (a plus, because you know it's a popular spot). We both ended up ordering the house salad, which was delicious for a salad (I'm not really a salad person). The fact that I enjoyed it says a lot. I ended up ordering the split cut prime rib (medium rare). My mom ordered the prix fixe prime rib got two sides along with it (corn and mashed potatoes). The prime rib was delicious and perfectly cooked. Additionally, our waiter George was phenomenal. We ended our meal with desserts. We left stuffed, and with leftovers! Would recommend to anyone in the area. Will come back again.Went here for restaurant week and was impressed with the portion size, flavor, and ambience. I ordered the prime rib (I figure any restaurant that is named after a food should be really confident in how they prepare that food), and it was juicy, flavorful, and done to perfection. Ask for a seat near the center with the live jazz musicians. Otherwise, you won't be able to hear any of the music.What a disappointment. Food was ok. Always liked the prime rib but just fair. The service was awful. Ordered wine which never came. Barely apologetic. Water was always empty. No wonder star restaurants clean house. Laziness like this. It all comes from management.Meh.
I've experienced better.
First, I was uncomfortably overdressed in a simple pink dress & wedge sandals, which was not what I expected. The last time I was there was for Happy Hour a few years ago, and I remember feeling under-dressed in my work clothes (dress pants and sweater). It's like an upscale dive if that makes any sense. A mix of couples out for a fancy romantic date, and at the same time, an everyday sort of casual place for the old money crowd.
Second, for the price, I should be able to sit at a table & enjoy my date's company rather than hear every word of every conversation going on around me. Also, some clearly sloshed senior citizen who appeared to be fresh out of My Name is Earl's trailer park decided to stand by our table while she talked on her phone. If looks could kill, her grandkids would be discussing their inheritance right now.
The food was pretty tasty, despite my date's utter disappointment in ordering potato skins and literally receiving just the crisp-baked skins of the potatoes.
I chose the crab cake appetizer - lots of shell, but I said tasty, not "good" - and the Filet Oscar with a side of broccoli, both of which were delicious, although my medium-well filet was definitely medium-rare at best. Date chose the bone-in rib steak (think Flintstones' sized brontosaurus steak) and creamed spinach, about which he had no complaints.
The cheesecake was absolutely perfect, and our waiter was fantastic, but if this $250 experience were on my dime, I'd be nonplussed enough to rate it 1-star.15oz for $15. BYO on Sun-Tues I believe. 
Awesome ability to change the side of the main dining room into a private area for 2 big tables.The Prime Rib at the Warwick Hotel in Philadelphia's Rittenhouse Square. . . . Excellent steak! Excellent service. Awesome ambiance!!! Creamed spinach was a disappointment unless you like this dish a little runny. Stay away from the apple pie.Went to The Prime Rib for a business meeting and couldn't have been happier. I ordered the NY Strip and a side of spinach.  It was flawless. My dinner companions had scallops and rack of lamb.  They were equally pleased.  The waitstaff was extremely attentive too.  The only reason why I don't give it 5 stars is that the food isn't really creative or original. Not that you ever see inventiveness in a steakhouse.  But I try to use an objective standard for reviews.Double date at the swanky Prime Rib.  I must say, the name is a bit in your face and generic.  This silly reason had kept me from dining here for years. I lived in Baltimore, where the first Prime Rib is located and just thought it was a "chain."  
Well, finally I put it to the test....
The decor was out of a 40s movie, old fashioned and sleek.  On a Thursday night they had live piano music - coming from a grand piano, with a see-through lid!  I've definitely never seen that before....
Our seats were part of a clustered sofa set-up.  Half of our table sat on the sofa and the other half sat in comfy leather chairs.  
We ordered seafood appetizers and then ordered the Restaurant Week Menu.  Our escargots was superb....along with tuna tartar and a so-so oysters rockefeller.  I don't care for creamed spinach - so that dish was a bit nauseating . 
The restaurant week menu was three course - starting with salad...tasty.  And then came the main event.  My boyfriend and I ordered, but of course - the PRIME RIB.  You don't come to a restaurant with this name and order chicken!  (which one of our guests did).  
Out of this world.  The juice and the flavor was so good.  It was  generous portion, enough for me to take half of it home.  
We all got the classic creme brulee for dessert.  
Overall, the place impresses.  Our waiter was young and competent. 
If you have the $ to spend it is worth it for the ambiance and the steak!The quality of the food and the service were outstanding!  If you are getting the prime rib, get the smaller cut... It still comes in at a pound, which is more than enough to satisfy any appetite.Considering how good the food here is normally, execution of the Happy Hour specials was epic fail. Note to self - during the happy hour stick to alcohol and regular menu.
Lamb duo was decent .  BBQ Ribs were fine - that's the best I can say. Coconut shrimp was way overcooked. The buns for prime rib minis were not even toasted. And tuna sashimi must have decided to commit suicide by plopping itself back into a pan after seeing the sadness of pickled ginger on a plate.   
So why is Prime Rib still getting two stars? That's easy - the delivery on happy hour specials matched the low expectations set by prices.  After all, Philadelphia is the place where ze Yap Elite and ze critiques celebrate BYOBs' audacity to charge $29 for a plate of Barilla with a drizzle of truffle oil in water. 
At $6 for small apps, you get what you pay for.Expensive, bland and poor service. Party of five, three ordered the prime rib and two had fish. Aside from the signature salad, my food lacked seasoning and any hint of originality. We went here because of all the steakhouses in Philadelphia we were looking to try something different. But aside from the hefty check, this restaurant missed the mark in comparison to the others. I will never come back. Save your money and go to Barkley Prime, the Palm or the Capital Grille for superior steak.$350 for three people. The price wouldn't  be all that bad except the food was really bland. My prime rib was disturbingly pale and lacked any kind of flavor. I had to ask for horseradish which seems like a travesty. It's like putting ketchup on filet. But when the food has no flavor, what else can you do? Usually I'll eat all of my steak or prime rib but I decided this just wasn't worth the calories, so you know it's serious. The salad I started with was pretty good. The $13 loaded potato I order with my prime rib, was not. Creme brûlée was decent. For the money, I expected a lot more.Almost the best steaks in DC. Not quite as good as BLT but exceeds BLT in every other aspect. This place is my favorite special dinning place in DC. Elegant. I've been eating here since 1979. The decor is amazing. The service impeccable. 
Spend time at the bar with the best Bartenders in DC. Try a pineapple martini.
For dinner, you can't go wrong with the New York Strip or Prime Rib. The potato skins are to die for. All the sides are great.
On Friday and Saturday nights there is live music from a piano and bass player. Great jazz and they take requests.
Go to the Prime Rib for the most unique and special dining experience from a bygone age.Enjoyed my birthday dinner here last evening and as alway it was such a wonderful experience dinning here. The staff always make me feel like family and really pay attention to details. We really love it here!!Started dinner off with a nice Lobster Bisque and Jumbo Lump Crab Cake. My boyfriend ordered the Prime Rib so I decided to get something different and ordered the Rack of Lamb. I gotta say the food tasted amazing. I really enjoyed the Lobster Bisque and my Rack of Lamb tasted delicious, but the dinner was an overall disappointment when I was halfway finish my entree I found 2 pieces of hair on my plate. Honestly, I do not believe the hair was my own because of the length and it was on the bottom of the lamb chop. The waiter was really nice about it when we told him what I found and he offered to remake my entree or me to get another dish, but with the sudden surprise, I lost my appetite and just wanted to leave. When my boyfriend got the check the waiter told us that my entree was off the bill. It was very nice for the waiter to have done what he did, but I am still disappointed.My party and I came here during Restaurant Week and boy were they packed for a Tuesday night. Two people from our group got there a bit early and got seated first for our reservation and the rest of us spent 20 minutes looking for parking so we came in a bit late. Upon arrival, we let the host know what our reservation was under and was going to lead us to our table but instead our waiter seated us! How nice of him! We were poured water and wine very quickly and served fresh bread. Our waiter took our orders and our food was well on it's way out. We had our appetizer (all of us got salads, either the caesar or house) and my salad was lovely. But I mean, you can't mess up a salad very easily. We all ordered the prime rib for our entree. Being at a restaurant called the prime rib, it would be silly to order anything else. We all ordered our prime rib to our own liking and when my dish came out it had a little pool of blood on top. I thought it might be a bit too red to be a medium/medium-well but I just sopped it up in the au jus and was pretty pleased. The prime rib really was outstanding. So juicy and tender and all the flavors meld together perfectly. The best I've had in awhile! Definitely worth the drive from the burbs. The mashed potatoes were just standard buttery potatoes and the green beans were sauteed with almonds. For family size vegetables it was somewhat of a small portion but for our table of five, we couldn't even finish the small portion. Our server was very friendly and attentive and was always quick to make suggestions and talk to us about other great eats around the town. Our dessert orders were split between the creme brulees and chocolate mousse but our server convinced my cousin to try the key lime pie. I had a bite of everything and it was pretty exceptional. I've never had key lime pie before but it's amazingly silky and smooth. If I wasn't so stuffed silly I would've tried to eat all of his pie! The chocolate mousse was very rich but equally delish and my fave was the creme brulee. Mmm, just makes my mouth water thinking about it. Overall this was an outstanding experience at a lovely restaurant. The food is awesome and the environment is relaxing. Would come back the next time I visit PA again!
Also, our waiter was fantastic! His name is Douglas and even though we were late, he was extremely patient with us. Two of the people in our party had already waited nearly half an hour for the rest of us and already knew what they had wanted and the rest of us glanced at our menus and knew what we wanted also. He is very accommodating because my cousin got the house salad and hates cheese. The salad dressing was a parmesan based dresssing and he offered to get him something else but my cousin actually enjoyed the salad with some fresh cracked pepper. He's a jokester and really made our table feel comfortable eating a higher scale restaurant. He's very friendly with many suggestions for other restaurants. You can tell that he is very knowledgeable and takes pride in his work. It definitely shines through in his work ethic and he knows how to have fun. AND I mentioned the yelp deal at the end of our meal (after the kitchen had closed) just to joke around because I had completely forgot about it and he said it had been a tad bit too late for the free appetizer. He grabbed us our check and gave us our side order of au gratin potatoes for free! How sweet! We weren't expecting anything. And he also offered to take a group picture for us. He also was not quick to kick us out either because they had been closed probably for a good half an hour before we were on our way out. We were the only ones left! I see so many people with mixed reviews about service and even a huge complaint about our waiter in particular and I cannot disagree more with these people. This man is an amazing waiter and knows what he is doing for sure! I'll be back as soon as I can! Best experience I could have ever wished for! Thank you Douglas! :)Don't know why it got low score on yelp, but my experience here was fantastic. Great food, good service, nice music (live piano), fabulous place for business dinner or special event.
Only thing that can be better was they don't have kids menu.This is my all-time favorite restaurant. We don't live close, but it is always worth the drive downtown for the steak, potato skins, crab meat cocktail and/or prime rib. Absolutely THE BEST.My husband and I were still fuming about this restaurant! The Prime Rib was recommended to us so we thought we would try it. It was beyond a disaster! Apparently, this restaurant thinks that if you are served a slab of meat the size of your head then all is well. But we think that the experience is just as, or more, important than a big hunk of meat. The prime rib was served on a small plate with absolutely no condiments- no horseradish, no steak sauce, nothing! Not even a steak knife until we asked for it! A potato was an additional $8 after paying $45 for the meat. The vegtable plate was about $24 and consisted of 3 small portions of vegtables with an unsightly large tomato thrown inthe middle. Pass on this one!Awesome atmosphere and good food!  I was hosting a fundraiser and had many of my guests join me here one evening.  It sure was a treat.  Peaceful, enjoyable dining experience and the NY strip was fantastic! Worth the trip!
Rod Ricciardi
Find-A-DreamThis place rocks! The decor is simply magnificent and elegant. I ordered the surf and turf summer special which was a 3 course meal. The salad was plentiful and delish. The prime rib was cooked to perfection and perfectly medium rare. The lobster tail on the other hand was inconsistently cooked with some bites being chewy and others undercooked. The mashed potato and string bean sides were huge and will make good leftovers. Finally, the key lime pie is heaven!! Can't wait to go back, but this time going straight to the main event- the prime rib!First time trying a steak house in Philadelphia and loved it!
I ordered the prix-fixe three course meal with Prime Rib (it is 10? 13 ounces I believe - a bit smaller than the regular prime rib cuts). It was very delicious, tender, and juicy! 
They also served us ice cream for free.A ring-a-ding, ding.  Sinatra, Dino and Sammy would have loved The Prime Rib (who knows, maybe they actually were regulars when in Philly).
A top echelon restaurant among the U.S. big city venues.  What impresses you on your first visit is:  This is, in a word, SWANK.  Service staff in tuxedos.  Lush wood paneling and leopard-skin carpet decor (!!!).  Silver and china place-settings.  A real piano bar with a bona fide bartender.  You have arrived for an evening of serious eating, drinking and conversation.  Whooo-ya !!
The cuisine is steaks or prime rib with all the frills and great desserts.  I always order Bourbon sauce bread pudding; it rivals the pudding dessert from Commander's Palace in New Orleans.  Key Lime pie is also great.
Stick around into the evening for the piano entertainment.  Some of the Rittenhouse Square locals come by for an evening cocktail and to enjoy the piano tunes.  Sing along, if you like.  Everyone is there to have a good mellow time; conversations around the piano are "open access" -- all are welcome.  It is a great, friendly R-Square neighborhood mood.  Rare.
Very, very expensive evening of great cuisine, but very worth it.  Leave a big tip.  The service is extraordinary and memorable.  Definitely a special occasion venue, if you like  -- anniversaries, birthdays, Valentine's Day, graduations, special business dinners.
I wish The Prime Rib was near my neighborhood in El-Lay.  I'd be tempted to drop by in the evenings for a cocktail or two, too.  Lucky Philly folks.Went to a 50th wedding anniversary celebration at The Prime Rib last night. And it was excellent. But what really stood out, and the reason I 'm writing this review, was the quality and performance of the waitstaff. It was truly outstanding! Quiet and polite and always right there. Fresh drinks or whatever requested came very quickly. Never obtrusive. Politeness rarely seen any more even in upscale restaurants.
Of particular note with the food were the sides! These were not items seen just as an add-on: they stood on their own. They were flavorable : a hint of seasonings that complemented the the freshness. Wonderful!I went to Prime Rib during restaurant week with a few friends. I went for the purpose of socializing because I don't eat beef (anymore). I had the salmon filet with the mash and green beans. The green beans were so bland and the salmon was okay, nothing special about it. The dessert was the hightlight of the meal. I had the chocolate mousse cake. It was creamy and delicious. I can't really say anything about the steak but one of my friend did complained that they didn't cook it to her liking, she wanted medium rare and it came out rare.  Overall, it's not worth the money. You can get better food at a more laid-back atmosphere and much cheaper.This place is definitely among Philadelphia's classiest and most picturesque restaurants.  
I don't eat steak, but people I know who do speak very highly of The Prime Rib's selections.  As is the case in most steakhouses, there are very few options for those of us who don't eat steak, and said options normally taste like wallpaper.  Their roasted chicken was some of the driest and most flavorless I've ever consumed. Their deliciously smooth mashed potatoes (best in the city, if you ask me) were almost enough to make up for it, though.I always thought the Prime Rib was for older folks, like grandparents. But I stand here today to tell you I was wrong. We came here to celebrate a birthday on a Sunday night around 5:30 with a party of 8. Surprisingly, they have a really great 3 course prix fixe deal on Sundays (and M-F before 6pm) for $45. It includes an appetizer, entree, and dessert. I opted for the house salad (THE DRESSING WAS THE BOMB, easily a 5 star salad), the Angus chopped sirlion (which left me wishing I'd ordered the prime rib), and the chocolate mousse pie. They do not skimp you on the portions, it's the real deal. The only thing I don't like about the prix fixe deal is that everyone at the table must agree on the two family-style sides. We opted for the mashed potatoes and creamed spinach. I love mashed potatoes and I really don't like sharing, I easily could have eaten more. I had a few bites of dining partner's Prime Rib which was so juicy and delicious. The service was good and the live piano playing was a nice touch. I will definitely be back!Mental Note....if you name a restaurant after a dish you prepare....prepare it *#&@ing delicious.  The prime rib was fatty and lacked flavor.  The other dishes we ordered were mediocre.  The only redeeming value was the interesting atmosphere.  Has a cool old style "supper club" feel.  Definitely dressy (guys bring your suit jacket) with a more conservative and older crowd.  If you have a Tommy gun, you'll feel right at home here.This is a continuation of the previously written review: 
After the servers argument, he offered for them to cook me a new one, I agreed, but hubby was done at that point and he had had it, I saw a side back waiter and asked him to just bring my overcooked steak back, wrapped and we were ready for the check. The creamed spinach was good, not grand, the Greenburg potato skins were pure fried potato skins, no potato at all and served with a sour cream and horseradish sauce. Do it at home and save the big bucks. 
My big dilemma is we have more open table certificates that we would have loved to have used and we have no problem mentioning yelp, but they do, so I'm trying to even reason why I would want to return at this point Douglas? I hope you enjoyed your unwarranted $50.00 tip... Oh and I do hope that you read my little note on the receipt. The staff used to be welcoming, accommodating and friendly, seems to have gotten a bit snobbish, but I can take my $50.00 tips elsewhere and get a filet cooked properly without the sideshow. The service used to be stellar, but those days are gone.  
It's now a great place for older worn out men trying to pick up very used "ladies" or so it seemed, the blend of tables from floor to floor and the acoustics left conversations flow though out the restaurant, this is what made my night, have your piano player come in earlier. 
BTW, I made a dry aged standing rib roast for Christmas and hubby said it put yours to shame, I can also teach you how to cook a proper steak.Ok, Let me start by saying we always enjoy PR but were a little disappointed as I felt like the Entree portions have shrunk. The waiter insisted the plates and portions are the same and maybe I am getting older and I have had many Fred Flintstone PR but I usually have much larger Prime Rib portion in front of me especially at $53 and the crab cakes also seemed smaller as were the plates. The apps and side dishes seemed the same and were very good but the Entrees were not the usual monstrous portions. I also noticed the bar menu the lamb chops are 2 for $ 12not $ 10 and the Prime rib sliders are replaced by Burger Minis not kobe. Also the Happy hour Potato skins are now full price. The service was excellent but misleading! The place is still crowded at Happy hour by the titanic era crowd but in terms of the food, it is very 
unimaginative and the wine program is almost non existent.   I hope they can turn this place around before they need to RIPCame here for restaurant week and obviously had to get the prime rib. The prime rib was cooked perfectly and the mashed potatoes were delicious. The only bone I have to pick with this place is the quality of the appetizer. The salads were so messy and drenched with dressing and where's the fresh grated parmesan cheese? Yes you're a fancy classy restaurant with perfectly cooked prime rib but that doesn't mean the presentation and quality of something simple as a salad can be ehhh. I would recommend for having such simple and few choices of appetizers, they should still be presented at their prime.When I think of the Prime Rib steakhouse, I think of a white oval-shaped plate with one piece of giant juicy prime rib covering the whole plate, I also think of the price tag associated with this piece of meat. So when Restaurant Week rolled around, I was eager to make a reservation, so my boyfriend and I can go experience this place where the older Rittenhouse well-to-do crowd had been patronizing for years. 
Located inside the Warwick Hotel, Prime Rib is surprisingly lofty. I imagine it to be a trendy upperclass place in the 90s but now it seems a bit awkward with the leopard print carpeting, the black and gold lacquered paneling. It feels a tad retro and gaudy. Given that their clientele are mostly well-to-do, the wait staff are clearly well trained and polite. The service here is just superb. There's live piano music playing jazz standards in the background, but I can tell that the pianist is a bit bored.
Following the standard $35 Restaurant Week dinner menu. I ordered the caesar salad, the prime rib and the chocolate mousse pie while the boyfriend had the tomato, onion and feta salad, roast chicken and the key lime pie. We both find our salad a tiny bit sharp on the tongue. His with too much raw onion and mine with a sharp acidic garlic taste, it doesn't make for a romantic evening for sure. 
The entrees came a bit later. The piece of prime rib I got was probably half the width of the one in the picture album above but it's still decent in size. It seems to be roasted in the oven in low temperature, it was perfectly cook in its own way but there was no crispiness whatsoever. The roast half chicken that my boyfriend had, was roasted to a beautiful molasses color and he obviously enjoyed it wholeheartedly but the skin was not crisp either. Honestly I was a tad disappointed about that. The meats came with two terrines of vegetable, a mash potato and a creamed spinach. the mash potato was a tiny bit lumpy and bland but I adored the creamed spinach. It's rich and creamy, the most flavorful item thus far. The chicken also came with a rosemary gravy.
We both enjoy our desserts. My chocolate mousse pie was standard in every way, it reminded me of  the mousse sold in plastic containers found in the refrigerated section in the supermarket. The key lime pie was also smooth and pleasing. With a coffee, a beer, tips and tax it comes to around $50 a person, which is not bad at all in a place like this. Again, the service is good, but just by the food I've experienced this time, I doubt that I'll come back here. 
Another factor of my decision is also a pompous asshole sitting right next to us that was really rude to the servers and also to his girlfriend. We have to sit through his agonizing manipulation and jackassery the whole time we were dining which might be an indication of attitude of the general clientele in this area. Oh well.Went for the prix fixe menu... I was pleasantly surprised. The food was delicious and the service was great. Very nice atmosphere. A bit (a lot) pretentious. At my age, this isn't your once a week, or even once a month place. I would return for a special occasion or for the prix fixe menu.What a great place to entertain friends and family.  Early in the week is BYOB making the experience for a group quite affordable.  With a variety of appetites for steak or seafood, all were pleased with their meal and service.  Service was great.  All were pleased with the evenings experience.We had our anniversary at this restaurant. Had reservation for 7pm. We showed up at 6:45pm sat at the bar for drinks. The ambiance is nice but we didn't get seated till 7:15pm. The food was good, both ordered the prime rib, it was very tasteful. The service was very good but the food came out a little slow. We would recommend this restaurant and we would eat there again. Probably was a busy night for them. Overall we had a great time and a nice dinner.My first time there and the place is really nice . The weight staff is mostly attentive a but more stuck up than anything else . 
Now for the food : Me and my boyfriend had lobster bisque and crab cocktail as appetizer for main course he had fish and me the lamb chops with asparagus.
Accompanies by 2 drinks each 3 alcoholic and one sparking water . 
The lamb chops came out rubbery and overdone barely cut through em , the asparagus was bland and had no taste at all they could have threw a few sprinkles of salt and pepper on there for taste . 
I didn't want to make a fuss and ruin the special evening so I didn't speak up . 
All that came to 250$ that's highway robbery if you ask me ! 
To add insult few hours after were home I'm violently throwing up the food we just had.
My puking continued all next day accompanied with a lovely head ache .
Say what you want but to me this looks like food poisoning . 
There's no way In f@@@@ hell should anyone be sick after spending 250$ on dinner . 
In closing in my opinion in would not recommend this place actually  I would advise you stay clear , unless that is you have money to burn and want to get sick from food .
Stay away !!!!That was the biggest piece of meat I ever saw. I went with the $50 big shabang prime rib. It was the size of a cow. And also delicious.
Service was good too. I felt everyone was on point... 
The place looks great too. Huge room with huge flower arrangements and a guy that played happy birthday on the piano for me. 
Only giving it 4 stars because I don't remember any other food because all I can think of is the size of that prime rib... Might of had shrimp? Or clams? Calimari? I dunno, but at the prime rib they got a pretty awesome prime rib.We have been to the Prime Rib twice, and have really enjoyed it both times.  It is pricey, so not a place for a regular Friday night dinner, but more appropriate for a special ocassion.  It has an "old time" feel, which is neat for a change.  Excellent service, suberb quality, and the prime ribs are top notch.  Although we were 30 years younger than the average guest, the night was thoroughly enjoyable.This spot gives meaning to the phrase Deluxe Super Club. It's not cool or edgy or hip.  It is simply Classic Steakhouse Dining--if you like the front cabin on the plane, the panache of The Academy of Music and the best of everything then this is home. First class service from the owner to the gracious bus staff. Sure it's high-end dining but this is where the word value comes into play--for what you get it is a fine value. Delicious, gracious...classic. One of Center City's best. If you're looking to eat, there's an Applebee's on 15th Street. If you want to dine, welcome to The Prime Rib.
I've lived in Center City for 49 years. Steakhouses come and go. The Prime Rib has outlasted most of them simply because it's that good.I think The Prime Rib is one of the best classic Philly steak houses.  Located on the ground floor of the Warwick Hotel near Rittenhouse Square, The Prime Rib has a rich clubby look that hits you as soon as you walk in.  It is very attractive and we were also warmly greeted by the hostess.  We were taken to a great table near to the piano player - who let me state here was 'awesome'.  He performed long sets and played everything from Piaf to Chopin with a little Brahms and Broadway show tunes thrown in. The meal we ordered from the wonderful prix fixe menu was superb.  A seeded bread roll began the feast followed by a green salad topped by their well-known house dressing - think creamy parmesan.  The juicy prime rib was done exactly as requested and we enjoyed the delicious sides of creamy spinach and steak fries.  I loved the horseradish dressing which probably was intended for the roast beef but I used it as a tasty dipping sauce for my fries.  An excellent Château du Pin Bordeaux wine accompanied the meal. Dessert was a piece of moist chocolate cake and a well-executed crème brûlée. Service was excellent by both the waitress and the attentive busboy. I had not one complaint and a happy & full stomach when I left The Prime Rib!Anniversary dinner - good choice. Romantic atmosphere with live piano music and very attentive, friendly, efficient staff. The black lacquered walls with brass accents, white table cloths, and muted (not dim) lighting really lends itself to intimate conversation and hand holding. We both ordered the signature bone-in Prime Rib, and quite honestly I've eaten better; but, this is still excellent Prime Rib. The menu is ala carte, so we shared orders of French Onion Soup, Tomato and Sweet Onion Salad, Potatoes Au Gratin, and Mushrooms. Again, we've had better food for this level of restaurant, but everything was very, very, very good.  The wait service made a lot of difference. We ordered Mud Pie and Key Lime Pie for desert - I really think they were from outside providers rather than made here - but again - very good. Our dinner experience for our Anniversary was completely satisfactory. The only criticism I might have would be that before dinner we ordered cocktails. I asked if they had Red Breast (single pot Irish whiskey) and the waiter said he didn't think so. I ordered a Bushmills which was good; but, when we received the desert menu, I saw the bar menu which included Red Breast ($4 more) so I missed my cocktail. I had something else and saved $4, but still would haves liked the Red Breast.
We enjoyed our dinner and we appreciated the experience. It's a good choice for an Anniversary.Ok my meal started off with a Brazilian Lobster Tail. Which were very well seasoned and prepared. The lobster tail was mouth watering I love seafood even more when there isn't a strong fishy odor. The ambiance of the restaurant was amazing. The waiter was fantastic.The dining experience & atmosphere is fantastic!  Hubby had Steak & I had Sword Fish.  Hubby said the steak was perfectly seasoned & was delicious.  My fish was delicious.  I read in some posts that the sides were to small for two people.  However, we found the servings to be perfect for two people.
We both ate desert.  Hubby had Cheese cake & I had Creme Brûlée.  We both loved the desert selections.
We will definitely return.
I highly recommend this restaurant for the excellent food, the wonderful atmosphere & the excellent service.
Not really sure if a person under 25 years old would actually enjoy.  But, if you are over 25 I think you will find this place to be quite impressive.I've been to several steakhouses and The Prime Rib is by far the best.  The service was top quality.  We weren't rushed into ordering and really had a chance to choose or meals.  The lobster bisque was the richest and creamiest bisque that I have ever had.  The filet was perfectly cooked and melted in my mouth.  The sides of mashed potatoes and corn off the cob were delicious.  Our server Clemente was helpful and his suggestions for food were spot on.  We will definitely be back the next time we are in philly.Average food for above average price. The setting was nice and the service was great, though.  The prime rib wasn't anything to brag about since we ordered the 30 oz prime rib, medium rare. The $19.00  prime rib that comes with two sides I had at Outback Steakhouse was much better than the single $66.00 prime rib we had here.
A lot of older CEO types and other elderly people in this place so my friend and I stuck out more than the leopard skin rug.I am reviewing this as a bar only; we did not eat there. The Prime Rib was a pleasant surprise. Being a hotel bar and a chain, I expected a comfortable but colorless place. It was actually quite charming. A pianist played which set a relaxing mood, the decor was handsomely upscale, the bartender was professional, efficient, and friendly and made a heckuva martini. Not exciting but comfortable and very, very pleasant.
http://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowUserReviews-g60795-d461493-r343398004-The_Prime_Rib-Philadelphia_Pennsylvania.html#Should've reviewed this right after I ate here two years ago but that was before I knew about Yelp. So consider this an outdated review. For all I know, the place could have went to hell since then, but I doubt it.
Sitting in this establishment makes you feel like you're on an episode of Mad Men, sipping martinis on a white linen table cloth, while Don Draper woos you over soft, classy piano music in the background.  The giant human-sized black vases with intricately painted flowers are retro, but not tacky.  Overall, this place is gorgeous.
My boyfriend and I each ordered a caesar salad to start which was by far the most amazing caesar salad I've ever had.  The croutons were definitely homemade.  He got the prime rib with mashed potatoes for an entree, and I ordered a simple filet with the potatoes, as well, which were creamy and delicious.
My steak was cooked just right, but it was actually not much different from a steak I could have ordered at say, a Ruth's Chris or even an Outback, so it didn't really blow me away.  I took a bit of the prime rib, though, and it melted in my mouth.  For dessert, I believe we ordered some type of flaky apple pie a la mode which was mouth watering, though filling after such a big meal.
With all the food (which is a la carte), one Belvedere martini, and tip, I dropped roughly $170 on the check, which is expensive but in my opinion, totally worth it. 
You really pay for the atmosphere and excellent service here.Let me start by saying I know a steakhouse isn't the place to go for vegan food. I came for a friend's birthday and he absolutely loved his steak, said it was one of the best in the city. However many of philly's fine dining restaurants have an interesting vegan option, often not on the menu. At the prime rib all they could offer me was basically a plate of steamed vegetables with no seasoning.the menu has so many choices between the prime rib and seafood, i was so stumped at what to order! thankfully, they had a summer prefix menu, so we just went with that to eliminate some choices.. 
First, we ordered the jumbo soft shell crab special.  I loved it! Usually, soft shell crab doesn't have much to offer other than the skin.  However, this one was soooo meaty! it was the best of both worlds! being able to enjoy the crab w/o spending time on cracking the shell and its bones.  the sauce also complemented it very well.  It tasted like a mix of .. creme? cheese? mushroom?! it's a mystery .. but it was good! that's all it matters.
appetizers: 
hot oysters with mushrooms
clams
both were very fresh! the oysters were served half cooked on top of mushrooms sauteed with garlic and truffle oil.  Clams were served raw.  Only thing that bugged me was the sand which was hit or miss...
Entree:
signature roasted prime rib
Chef recommended medium rare and it was perfect! It was pink all over.  So soft and tender.  There is no unnecessary sauce.  Peppered slightly to bring out the flavor and not greasy at all.  I find that rare with most steaks.
dessert:
mud pie
sundae
It is true both are typical desserts you can find anywhere, but they were still delicious.  Presentation is what sets apart restaurant food from eating at home.  The mud pie is actually a peanut butter ice cream (or so I hope b/c that's what it tasted like) cake with peanut crunch.  Fudge all over the plate to give you the mud to dip.  It tasted exactly like a reese's,  Yum.  Also, loved the mini sundae.  The size was perfect after eating a big and gloriuos meal.
Decoration, to say the least, is high class.  service is great.  ambiance is nice with a variety of people but with everyone feeling important.  Add with a touch of elegance with sounds of the piano in the background.  It was a good experience.  They also played happy birthday on the piano for the stars of the night which is wonderful.  But be emotionally prepared because after this meal, your wallet is going to be down in the dumps for a while.My office decided to have our Christmas party there this year. Wonderful swanky atmosphere and the wait staff is impeccable and really on top of things. They had an excellent piano player that played the perfect jazzy mix of music.  As far as the food goes, the lobster bisque was thick and creamy and had nice chunks of lobster. I had the prime rib dinner which looked like a brontosaurus portion of meat, and was so tasty. The best prime rib I've ever had. Accompanied well with some cream spinach and asparagus. Simply delectable. It is very pricey, but worth it for an occasional treat!