Waited a little to long for my food when there were only 4 guests in the restaurant (very slow day but I waited at least 20minutes). I sipped on good hot coffee and waited patiently. I had the Southern Catfish Waffle and all I can say is YUM!!! It was really good!!! I wasn't able to eat it all but when I ate it late for lunch it was still good. I will go again but only when it's a slow day because I can imagine how long my food would take if there were a few extra ppl there.Again amazing food and service as usual. The friendlist staff and smzing food in Germantown Go here to eat. Lamonaye is amazing eat with her and tip her well. Sherits is amazing as well, eat with her well. Dont be cheapestCame here for lunch and our waiter recommended the catfish galore...it was amazingly good! This place is very nice. It has quite a nice space. The staff is friendly.The food was tasty but it took ridiculously long! We were sitting for 30 minutes before we even got our waters the food took almost an hour to come out and we waited for the check about 20 minutes. Overall not worth it.I've eaten here several times and each time I have gotten something different. From the catfish and grits to the amazing waffles, this place is great! So happy I found this place. I will continue to eat here!I have been here a couple of times with my boyfriend but today I decided to go alone really having a taste for pancakes. I have always been greeted and sat in a timely fashion. The staff here are professional and friendly toward children. Even when eating alone at the bar staff will engage in conversation while tending to needs. Everything I have tried at Rose Petal has been tasty thus far. The plates are perfect size. The music is also nice. It usually is always a wait on the weekend.This is my new favorite go-to brunch spot in Philadelphia!
Service: 
The staff was very friendly. Our waiter in particular was one of the best I've had in a long time. Upon arrival we were seated within minutes (no wait time on a Saturday afternoon, you can't beat that.)
This restaurant is BYOB and our waiter made sure we had all we needed to begin the festivities. Orders are taken by the waiter on an iPad which expedites the process. I would say within 10-15 minutes our food out. 
Food:
AMAZING!! I order the Catfish & Grits.. which was just great. It was also sooooooo much food. The grits alone took up the entire plate. On top of that, it came with a side of eggs and a choice of meat. 
My friend ordered an omelette, which came with home fries and a choice of meat. She also ordered a side of Petal Cakes, which is basically just a stack of pancakes. Her food was also really good!
Overall: Great service, amazing food, reasonably priced and it is black owned!Went here for brunch and ordered the Rose Petal Delight Cakes with Turkey bacon and eggs on the side. AMAZING!!! Our server, Malcolm, was so nice and helpful, and the atmosphere was very chill and welcoming. Would definitely make my way back here if I come to Philly again!This is our new favorite place to get breakfast. The chicken and buttermilk waffles are amazing and we have had them on three occasions. The fajita omelet is incredible as well. We have also tried the turkey bacon. scrambled eggs, and the home fries and everything is amazing. Parking is sometimes an issue but the food is well worth the hassle.To begin...I'd like to say that I absolutely love their food!!....IF I can actually GET the food served to me at a decent timeframe from when I actually place my order (rolls eyes). I'm a native NYer, but my mom lives around the corner from this place. When it first opened up, every time I visited Philly, I wanted to go to Rose Petals. I loved the initial purpose behind the creation of the place. After the first visit, I spared mercy on them for taking more than 30 minutes to bring out my order. On the second visit, I wasn't so light. But I admit..I am addicted to their rose petals delight french toast! So I knew they'd take forever but would give me what my hunger craved. 
This past weekend, I visited Philly and reminding myself of their ridiculous wait-time, my sister and I (we both frequent this place quite often), decided the BEST route, would be to do their takeout (rolls eyes once again). Well boy were we wrong. Now my sister mentioned to me that she ordered take out once and they gave her the wrong order (she ordered french toast--they gave her, what I assume was pancakes, which to me were a stack of dry, round, flat, and cold, chalk thingys---i'm not a fan of them.) 
But nevertheless, here we were...willing to give their services another try. On 3/8/14, I call around late 9am, ordered our simple order and the girl (btw, she was very pleasant) told me 20 minutes. Now, dealing with their "20 minutes" before, we decided it best to give them 30 minutes before leaving to pick up our food. We get there and lo and behold, the cashier tells us our order isn't ready yet at 35 mins later. I go back outside and wait another 12-15 minutes on our food. I walk in and the cashier once again says, "i'm sorry, its not ready yet. We're just having a busy day". I hold my tongue because this isn't a new york restaurant and it's still in its "start-up" phase. So...back out to my car I go to wait another 10 minutes. 
Alright, i think an hour later is SUFFICIENT  enough time to have a simple order complete. Plus, i realllyyy had my heart set out on those delight french toast! So I trudge back in there and the cashier says "your order is coming out from the kitchen now". So I stand there...and wait...and wait...for said order to come out the kitchen "now". After ten minutes of now waiting at the counter, the co-owner, a nice hispanic (i'm assuming), woman comes to me and says, "i'm sorry, do you want a refund?" 
No explanation to what happened to my order that was "coming out of the kitchen now". I was so pissed off, I turned my back and left as quietly as I came. I wanted to ask her if she could "refund me MY TIME WASTED" 
All in all, Dear Owners of Rose Petals, you make good food. Your husband is a really great cook along with his staff. And the girls in the front although slow most of the time, are genuinely pleasant. I also support the restaurant because it is in honor of your deceased sister Rose and also in honor of breaking domestic violence within relationships. BUT, I REFUSE to order from you all because by the time you bring out people's food, ten years might as well have gone by waiting. Please work on your service more!! Oh and REFUND ME my time wasted that morning for more than an hour and a half!They offer gluten free bread! They were out of some items but still a good find on Germantown Ave, which can be hit or miss...Totally Unacceptable!! Took my wife there for Valentine's Day dinner because we wanted to support a neighborhood business and the lure of a small cosey environment.  What a disaster! First, the waitress was totally incompetent about the menu items. The choice of appetizer was caesar salad or tomato soup....seriously! Anyway, we were the third couple to arrive and order, but nearly the last to eat after maybe a dozen or more couples arrived. Once our food finally arrived, of course it was wrong. Finally after 25 minutes or so the food arrived and it was far from what I expected. My lamb chop was very small with mostly fat and bone. My wife's stuff chicken leg lacked "stuff" and was very dry.  The service continued to go down hill as we had to call over two different workers to assist us with various requests such as water refills and napkins. However, throughout it all I remained calm and silent until the folks around us begin to have the same complaints.  For desert, I had the chocolate cake that was probably baked a week ago tasted like paste. Rose Petals, please do better going forward,  especially if you want to charge $65 a meal!Me and my Queen went half on two of the Grandmas Love Waffle the Chicken Sausage Omelette w/ Gouda and a side of Turkey Bacon. The food quality, ambiance and service was uber Ethereal!!! You don't eat at Petals, you experience Petals.First time here. The server really friendly, the chicken waffle delicious. We order grits and cat fish it turn out too dry for usGreat coffee, great service, great atmosphere in a slick location. Try the chicken and waffles!Unbelievable breakfast. Four separate dishes were extremely tasty. Highly recommend the Southern Comfort. Ambience and service top notch. Mother's Day pricing was probably a bit too steep but overall experience was outstandingLoved my brunch experience. I ordered the catfish and grits and it was sooooooooooo good. The grits were creamy, well seasoned and didn't need a dash of anything.  Just perfect.  & the catfish was very good. I'm not generally a fan of catfish but these catfish nuggets were good.  It's a small establishment complete with a kids room, which I thought was a very nice touch.  The waitstaff was personable and we enjoyed our brunch. My friend ordered French Toast & enjoyed her meal as well.SAVE YOURSELF!!!!!!!! Went to this place a few weeks ago. I thought it was such a cute little cafe. However, my mood quickly changed. I have patience but the wait is ridiculous. I waited 2 HOURS!!!!!!!!! Just for an omelette and bagel. I gave two stars instead of one because our waiter Ron, was very helpful.Nice place, friendly staff, descent food. The portions are small. I had the peanut butter waffle. There was a teaspoon of peanut butter for a plate sized waffle. There was also a teaspoon of sweet cream cheese and 1 small sliced strawberry. Not enough to have for every bite of the waffle. Big disappointment. The flavor of everything was very good, but it seemed like the were charging more for a fancy plate presentation than a meal that would satisfy. I spent $12 for lunch including tip. I am an averaged sized person and left there still hungry. I won't return.Being previous Rose Petal customers we experienced great food. However, out of the numerous times that we've been here, something has always been less than stellar with service or temperature of food. Our friends wanted to continue to support them because they're a black owned business. So one day, we headed to grab breakfast early in the morning before the crowd arrived. We stood waiting to be seated while it appeared no one was in the restaurant. I finally said good morning loudly and a waiter informed us that he would be with us and that we could have a seat. Halfway into our meal a fixture fell on a customer and water poured down on the customers across a few tables. An elder whom the fixture fell on tried to get up as fast as she could. After she got up and people were rushing to help, she fell. A staff person assisted her, and they asked another table to move so that they could clean the mess up. Sad to say that the owner walked in and said nothing after learning that there was an issue. He walked straight to the back and never returned. As workers scrambled to clean up the mess, the guests whom the water fell on we're left to ask for napkins to dry themselves off. The second owner came in and said nothing as well. The guests whom it fell on all started to leave, and ownership said nothing. They dried up the spot and continued to serve food as if nothing happened. Let's say that unfortunately, this is the last time that we will visit. A simple apology to the customers injured, or inconvenienced would have went a long way. Instead nothing was said and the inconvenienced guests left.Stopped past for breakfast last Sunday..... And ended up hosting my 34th Birthday Party/ Scandal Watch party the following Thursday! The food was GREAT! The service was GREAT! The atmosphere was GREAT! This spot is a gem in the community! Can't wait for dinner service to start!!I was happy to bring out of town friends to the Rose Petals Cafe & Lounge today for a nice breakfast.  They were seeking between the Savory & Sweet, but wanted it to provide that "comfort food" appeal.  I immediately felt Rose Petals would meet this picky bunches punch list.  
We called ahead because we had a group of five (5) and the seating is limited.  As we arrived, we had a table awaiting us and our greeter- Malcolm.  Wow, Malcolm was awesome and made our experience a wonderful one, he was pleasant and attentive to our requests.  
Food:  The group ordered coffee, tea, waffles, french toast and a few other menu favorites. The food was good, everyone was pleased with their orders.  
Service:  The wait for the meal was a bit long-over 15 minutes.  I am not sure of the set-up in the kitchen, but they may need more chefs to get the food out quicker, but that is my only note for this special place.
Price:  Reasonable for the portions offered.Really nice and cute place to eat. The food was great. Had some issues with service but the manager got involved without us asking and took great care of my friend and I. Would definitely go again.Delicious waffles, eggs and scrapple. The staff is pretty friendly and we've never had to wait for a table. Love the atmosphere and music (very loungy). I wish they had espresso drinks. I think that would make this place that much better :)I ordered from this place and let me begin by saying the food was great!!! The portions were nice and my family moved the fresh fruit added to the pancakes. I would have given them 5 stars but they forgot a waffle order and when I contacted them back the only response that I received was they were sure it was in there. The saving grace was I had more then enough of the large portions to make it work. I will try them again and let you know how it goes....Food is great service is terrible like so annoying that the taste of the food doesn't matter. I had a party of two and it took 15mins to get a ginger ale and water. And when we ordered food we only ordered a sausage egg and cheese and grits with toast. It took 40 mins and during that time the waitress didn't even update us and we were sitting at the bar area so she came by frequently. Once our drinks were gone and we almost fell asleep the waitress came over and said it would be five mins which turned into 10. At that point I paid for my ginger ale and surprisingly that didn't take long. The worst part is that the manager didn't even inquire it's almost like this was normal for customers to come in and waste their time. 
I would only come back if they hired more ppl to handle the volumeI love this place. Great food, great service. They're usually pretty crowded for breakfast, which I personally think is the best thing to get there. Their chicken and waffles are bomb.The wait at this establishment is insane. Waited 30 mins to get seated. Then the wait for our food after we ordered was an additional 45 mins! Insane! I ordered shrimp and grits with beef bacon and eggs. The shrimp and grits were not good at all. Left a bad taste in my mouth. Too much Cajun seasoning. On top of that I only had about 4 little shrimp thrown in a big plate of grits. After I ate the shrimp, I had so many grits left over. My partner ordered french toast with turkey bacon. His entree was not warm and the french toast was a bit soggy. The owner needs to invest in a bigger location as well. Way too cramped and tight. Lastly, there is only one bench to sit on if you are waiting to be seated. Be prepared to stand outside or in your car because the bench only sits about 2 people in the waiting area.Arrived here late for a brunch date with a gf so I was seated right away. I had a trying morning and fortunately for me the food was LOVE at first bite ! 
We both ordered the Grandma's stuffed french toast and it was the best french toast I've had in a good while. It was two french toast slices stuffed with strawberry cream cheese & topped with fresh strawberries. It was accompanied 2 bacon strips and 2 eggs any style and there was no extra charge for the cheese for the eggs. woohoo
I chose turkey bacon and again it was love. By far, it was the best turkey bacon I've tasted in years. Honestly I don't know many people that eat turkey bacon because they prefer the taste, they eat it for health or religious reasons and yet this turkey bacon was just plain good ! 
Overall my only complaints are that the first table they seated us was a high top table and it was uncomfortable and was in the walkway. We asked to be moved and were much more comfortable after that. Our server was a bit slow but overall nice. 
I'd definitely come back and bring friends!Great variety of food items, however the service was not tiptop. The syrup came out with water in the top of the jar, my waffle was drenched in water. My fiance had to wait for 20 mins to get his steak sauce, so he food was cold. I dont know if we will be visiting again.This was our first trip to Rose Petal but it certainly won't be our last. Our first pleasant surprise was that they actually have a kids room with toys and books which was so helpful with our wiggly toddler. I ordered the catfish and grits platter. Everything was so flavorful! Creamy grits, moist fish, yummy turkey bacon & cheesy eggs. My friend got the chicken and waffles which she thought had good flavor but she didn't love the texture. The chicken wasn't fried legs or breasts so there's no crunch and everything is just kind of soft. Our server, Malcolm, was so helpful and told us where the local playgrounds and schools were. Overall, it was a great visit and we will be back!Been here about 5 times. Usually get the pancakes or French toast which also comes with eggs and bacon. I've gotten several varieties of said pancakes/French toast and all have been solid. Add a fresh fruit salad (mangoes, blueberry, banana, blackberry, strawberry) for another $1.50. Food is always consistent and the coffee (la Colombe) is strong. One of these days I'll explore the lunch menu and of course I still have to get the belgian waffles that they are known for. Service is no frills but fine for what it is. If this place was in a neighborhood like northern liberties or south philly it would have a line out the door like a Honeys or Sabrina'sI had a southern comfort which was cat fish ontop of a cornbread waffle. 
A.M.A.Z.I.N.GThis place is pretty good, but it did not live up to the raving reviews from friends.  We went on a Sunday morning, and there was no wait, which was great.  The place is super cute and nicely decorated, and the staff is very friendly.  It took a bit of time to get drinks, food, and the check, but I can give them a pass simply because they are new-ish and very gracious hosts.  I got the meat lovers omelette, which did not have any cheese.  My mistake, as I should have read more closely and asked to add it.  Without it, the eggs were fluffy but flavorless, and the meat, which was just sitting inside of it in a small, dry pile, was cut into tiny pieces and way over-cooked.  The toast was cold, but the grits were delicious and more than generously served.  My partner got the tall stack of plain pancakes, which he said were "not nearly as good as trolley cars best pancakes" (weekend pancakes), "but better than their not best pancakes" (weekday pancakes).  They were very thin, not at all fluffy, but apparently had a very nice texture and flavor.  On the plus side, he received four plain pancakes for a few dollars less than he would have received three plain pancakes there.  
Note: sodas are cans, so no free refills.  Our check for two people was only $17 though, so not too bad.
We will try it again after 11am someday to see if their lunch menu is better.Waffles and pancakes were amazing! Everything was fresh & flavorful. Presentation was nice as well. Service was great, always a plus to be served by friendly staff. I called ahead, and took my breakfast to go. Nice ambiance, do I plan to sit & eat next time.Very nice place. Good food and great service.  A new place in Germantown that has good qualities and is clean and well kept that's something that doesn't happen all the time. Also, they have a wonderful children's playroom in the back. That's awesome. They offer whole wheat pancakes and turkey/beef products for those adverse to the swine. Reasonable prices are the cherry or should I say strawberry on the (pan)cake!So glad  Rose Petals came to the neighborhood. It's fantastic!  I've been twice so far and had waffles both times. Grandma's Love is a plain waffle covered in baked apple slices. Perfectly sweet, not overkill. I think that the apples should be offered as a side for those times when you can't decide between sweet and savory for breakfast. The second time  I had a wheat waffle with whipped cream. Delicious. The grits? My God, I wish they came by the bucketful. Perfect La Colombe coffee, too. At first I thought it was a bit cheap to offer only one free refill, but the mugs are basically the size of swimming pools.
The staff is also friendly and competent, and the owners even seem to regularly check in with customers. 
Also, a previous reviewer said they might not bring kids, but there's actually a small play room for kids to hang out while the grown ups hang out. I've brought my infant both times. The first time he slept, the second time he was awake but quietly sat in my lap. I would probably decide to leave with him if he got grumpy though because the place is pretty small and a loud kid would disturb pretty much everyone in there.
Great not to have to drive downtown to Sabrina's or Morning Glory for a fantastic brunch. Rose Petals is just as good, if not better (and not quite as pricy... Although the portions aren't quite as obscene, either).After moving to Germantown from South Philly I was immediately disappointed in the breakfast and brunch options.  I have been walking by Rose Petals for a few weeks now and decided to go for breakfast today with my boyfriend.  
I got the berry waffle with a side of turkey sausage and a coffee.  The waffle was fresh and delicious.  The turkey sage sausage was amazing.  Tasted like it was made from scratch.  The coffee,  LaColombe, was served in a huge mug.  I love LaColombe and am so glad there is finally somewhere to get a good cup of coffee in Germantown.  
Boyfriend got the chicken and waffles and a soda.  The chicken was well seasoned and crispy and the waffle, like mine was perfect.  
Our meal was $27.00.
Our visit was perfect from the service to the food to the ambiance which is why I gave 5 stars.  I would only change two things. The whipped cream which did not taste homemade and the syrup which was not real maple syrup.  
Awesome addition to our neighborhood!  I can't wait to go back and bring friends and family.Best waffle I've had since I was a student at Lincoln University (PA). The food tasted fresh. Especially the eggs. All I needed was the cheese. No salt necessary. I don't think they serve pork. The beef bacon was cooked to perfection. They are strict with their breakfast hours, but if you come after 12, you can still get the waffle sandwich that has eggs and bacon in it. It was great. I will be back.As a renowned "omelet snob" I let server Ashley know that if the egg white omelette with mushroom, spinach, onion and cheese I ordered was terrible, I'd end up on Yelp. Her response "I'm up for challenge." Not only was the omelette superb, Ashley's service was as well.  And it's BYO?! Meet your new brunch spotAmazing! Everything hit the spot just right. My girlfriend and I both had the strawberry rose French toast; the turkey bacon was so authentic and complimented the eggs very well. The French toast was tops though, chocolate crumbles, whipped cream, fresh strawberries and powdered sugar...gone in one minute!Awesome family owned and operated restaurant in the heart of Germantown. Support Local Small Businesses.The food is dope (that means it's real good).  First time in this place and I almost gave up on it 'cuz the wait was a little bit long.  It's a small space but think it could be rearranged a bit better to accommodate more people. They could use a hostess, do something 'bout those flies, fix the door (looks like somebody tried to break in), and have the city fix the sidewalk outside since there is outdoor seating.  Those are your cons.  Despite the time, people stayed and waited so that clued me in that the food had to be good.  The decor is nice too. We ordered the cornbread waffle with catfish and I would've licked the plate if I wasn't such a classy muhfucka.  The eggs with turkey sausage were excellent.  Chocolate chip pancakes were good but not real fluffy.  But other than that it's some good eating.Crab cakes for breakfast!!! Add eggs and bacon cheesy grits(grits!!! With cheese!!! Done right!!!)
 How can this be bad? 
The service was great the ambiance is nice the place was alive with locals.
I would definitely go back. I suggest that when you're in Philly you check it outLove Rose Petals Cafe, it's great place for me and my partner to share our life experiences  and workout ideas that we are going to apply action to. Most importantly the food and the service is absolutely the best. The servers are so attentive and pleasant it's hard for have breakfast any place else.  #thebreakfastclub.
Kenny GPros: The food is good, tasty and filling. 
Cons: The wait. The wait was so long, we had a 10 minute conversation with the table next to us. After finishing our 10 minute conversation among ourselves. Ok ay, we did order hot sandwiches, but they were burgers.
I recommend going, as it is new and it can use the business to improve the cons. The food is good, just haven't the time to wait for it.Today was my first time at Rose Petals Cafe & Lounge and I had a great experience! Everything from the atmosphere, decor, waitstaff, and especially the food combined to create a really nice outing. I ordered a belgian waffle with crumbled sausage and gouda cheese and was blown away. Very delicious. 
I hope this resturant stays around and cannot wait to try their upcoming lunch menu. As a former Obama '12 volunteer I couldn't believe how they retrofited the former Germantown campaign office. They did a very good job.Food was amazing yet again, however my family & I had a 12:45 reservation and still had to wait an hour to be seated. We will definitely dine in the suburbs during big holidays like Mother's Day.This was such a great brunch find during a girls' trip to Philly for the weekend! We sat outside and our service was great from start to finish. Our server was extremely friendly, attentive, and courteous. He described menu items in detail and was very patient with all of quirky requests to add this, remove that, and put something on the side. He was also super fun to chat with and gave us local tips on what to do in Philly!
Our food came out hot & fresh! We all raved about how good our choices were and each of us cleaned our plates. By far my favorite part of the experience here was the owner coming outside before going on a break and overhearing me asking about watermelon. After playfully joking with him about not having watermelon in the fruit salad he left and came back a few minutes later with a whole watermelon he had sent to the kitchen and sliced for my friends and I. I was elated!! And so very grateful for his kind gesture and exemplary customer service.
Go to Rose Petal's, I highly recommend the food, service, ambience, and total experience! Great find in the Philly area!Our server was delightful however, the service was slow and the portion was small. It could have been the items that I ordered. Other waffle & French toast orders looked plentiful. Our server noted that Rose Petals Cafe recently moved to digital payments and that she was still learning. The new system didn't seem efficient or effective. I hope that they improve. I would give it another try.A year ago I gave Rose Petal 4stars! It's sad that I can't do the same today. I ordered to go and my food was the worst. I was so mad. I had already left the restaurant and didn't feel it was worth returning the food and complaining. The cook knows what he put in my platter and thought it was ok. Well that costed the restaurant a bad review with 1 star. I will never order take out again.What a find. 
This place really drives home the reality of the impending renaissance of the Chel-Wayne area of Germantown. Things are looking up for the 'hood!
I love how cozy and elegant the atmosphere is at Rose Petals Cafe. The place has the chameleon-like ability to be a sophisticated yet comfortable and family -friendly bunch spot during the day (complete with a kids' play room), then  at night, become an intimate spot for a romantic dinner date, punctuated by live music.
For brunch, we loved the chicken and waffles -- the non-traditional twist, with pulled chicken and sweet maple glaze, is just as delicious, yet spares you the 15 minutes of work, cutting your chicken off the bone, slicing it into little pieces, and pouring the syrup. You can just dig right in. That's perfect for the slow and easy, no-fuss sensibilities of a brunch meal.
We also had the catfish and grits. Delicious. The fish was well seasoned and fried perfectly, and the grits were spot on -- creamy, salty, and just a touch of butter. This was the first time I'd ever eaten anyplace where I didn't have to customize my grits before digging in. Impressive.
The smoothies were really nice and full of fresh-tasting fruit, too, without being overpriced (around $3).
The young ladies running the house were sweet, welcoming and attentive, without going overboard on checking on you.
I took away one star, but would've only taken away half a star, if I could've. That deduction was due to the long wait for our food to come out...but once we tasted it, we couldn't stay mad.
We'll be back, maybe next time to check out Rose Petals Cafe's sexy night-time alter ego.
Definitely worth a trip, even if you live in another part of town.My boyfriend and I just moved to East Falls and decided to check this place out, and it is fantastic.  
The food was amazing and all prepared fresh.  My boyfriend got the Chicken and Waffles and I got the Berry Waffles.  I was a little hesitant to order the berry waffles because this is usually just berries from a can and heated up and tossed on top of the waffle, but I shouldn't have worried the berry compote had clearly been made from fresh berries and was amazing, tart and just a  little sweet. 
We will absolutely be coming back to try different things.Ever since I left this place, I've been ranting and raving about the breakfast. I was introduced to Rose Petals through my friend who currently lives in Maryland. So one morning I decided to give it a try. I had the waffle quesadilla, a waffle stuffed with turkey ham, peppers, tomatoes, cheese and onions, it was so amazing! There are so many other options that I want to try when I go back. It's a small establishment, but the service is fast. The atmosphere is friendly and welcoming, love everything about it!They were awesome at first when they opened, The food, atmosphere was perfect, especially Sunday brunch. You didn't mind waiting because you know that you were going to enjoy your food and the atmosphere. THEN THEY FELL OFF. After my first bad experience it wasn't an big deal. Then I went back numerous times, each and every time I went after my bad experience  it became worse and worse . I don't know if they changed the management and cook however the food became nasty and burnt or their stuffed French toast with cream cheese was horrid it came out like slop, I asked for over medium eggs they came out cold and well done. I really wanted to love this place.. kinda sad about it.Short Review: Great Food, Cozy Atmosphere, Attentive Service, Go Eat Here!
Long Review: I've had my eye on the place since it opened. I am always driving past here, today I had some free time  and decided to stop and take delight in their food. I quickly looked at the menu and decided on the chicken and waffles, I struggled a bit with ordering it because it wasn't the "traditional chicken and waffles" rather maple glazed pulled chicken with crispy skin on top of a waffle. I'm a woman who loves tradition but always open to change so I decided to try it. It was really good!  However, I didn't really receive much of chicken but more of the skin, which was soggy but I just picked through what was there of the chicken, tossed the skin to the side, and devoured the waffle. Not a deal breaker, but since I tried it, liked most of it, I probably wouldn't get it again because of the chicken issue.
NOW, Let's talk about the star of the show, the waffle. This is not your standard waffle mix waffle, it's different, airy, light, filled with air pockets (which is a really good thing) slightly crispy on the outside but perfectly airy on the inside. Honestly to me it seemed like it was a mix of a really, really good cake batter and a really, really, really good waffle mix. Saying that to say, they clearly make their own waffle mix because I could taste so many subtle flavors in the waffle. I can say I am a lover of waffles and this waffle was probably one, if not the best, I have ever eaten.
One slight note: The waitress didn't mention the specials to me and I only saw them written on the board after I ordered my food. The table that was seated after me, she definitely pointed out the specials so I was like dag, but really not a big deal. I will let that slight slip pass because she was very attentive and pleasant. 
I know it wasn't intentional.
I went early and  there were a few people in the restaurant, but as I was leaving it was filling up. I would suggest for a first time visit, based on some of the reviews, try and go when it's less crowded.
I really hope they stay consistent because they are clearly being well received and producing really good food. Word of mouth travels fast and I will sing their praises as long as they keep up the great work.  
The menu is creative and different. Not your average breakfast/brunch place but well worth all the buzz it's getting. 
The food should speak volumes without the chef uttering a word, and that waffle did just that, so kudos to the chef! 
The food was amazing, very friendly server, need I 
say more... You want to go now, don't you... So go!Pretty solid joint. Coffee kept coming, and service was quick. Had the French toast dish and a side order of homefries. They forgot my whipped cream on the French toast but it wasn't the end of my world. Coming back again to try the Southern Comfort waffle dish.Just left this rude establishment!!! Was seated at 830am. Unfortunately at 850am, I was out the door and back into my car looking for somewhere else to eat. No one came to take my drink order. No one came to take my food order. Two parties of four were serviced promptly after seating. Rudely, I was not. The owner/manager Tonya had no explanation for this disgraceful display of customer service. I've been here 3 separate times prior to this and service was still slow. This time it was non existent. The restaurant was not crowded. It's also a holiday. So on Easter Sunday, I couldn't even order a meal. The waitstaff completely ignored me for the 20min that I was there. I will NEVER give these people a dollar. Menu is creative, but when you have a complete lack of follow thru from the front of the house, what good is it?I went 5/2/2017 to have a late breakfast. I wanted to try something other than my usual greasy spoon. When I first walked in the atmosphere was very calm and relaxed. I dug how there was a choice of stationary as well as movable seating. A very hip vibe covered the style and decor. Sitting down the menus were place at empty tables. A quick browse of the menu showed some exotic and inventive versions of breakfast and lunch standards. Meat choices were of a healthier fare turkey and chicken and beef choices were in abundance as well as unique pancake, waffle, and French toast options. 
(I look forward to trying some if I return) My appetite however was not as adventurous as the menu, I was in the mood for the basics bacon, eggs, home fries,and hopefully a decent toasted diner style corn muffin. The closest I could find was a meat lovers omelette that gave a choice of home fries as an option and rye toast. After a lengthy wait I received something vastly different than my appetite was craving. My eggs were prepared in the form of a very greasy omelette but the meat was tucked loosely under folded eggs instead of being combined together as part of the dish. Separately these two ingredients were difficult to enjoy. My home fries looked more like roasted potatoes and had a flavor that I did not care for, with that and cold toast I wished I had just went to a regular diner and properly fed my cravings. The menu and atmosphere had intrigued me so that I want to try something else at a later date. I just wishI could have had a better executed dish. With a warning of what I encountered I would still recommend trying the place again.Camp Funzie had an incredible time during our visit to this establishment last week!  We went for a yummy waffle breakfast and got so much more.  The server, Malcolm, was friendly and talked to all of the children about owning a business.  This was definitely a fun stop on our tour of local and Black Owned Businesses during our 2018 theme of "Black Coffee...No Sugar...No Cream"!Like I said before I had heard good things before. For my first time here I tried the meat lovers omelette. It had bacon and spicy sausage with pepper jack cheese. I was impressed that they used real eggs. It came with hash browns. Again to my surprise these browns were an original recipe, not the cheap kind you get at some diners. Also try the the the rose pedal smoothie. I will definitely give this spot another tryMy boyfriend and I ordered the spicy turkey sausage waffle, strawberry rose delight french toast, a side of turkey bacon and a bagel to pick up. 
We received burnt plain pancakes and a burnt waffle. 
When my bf called Rose Petals to ask for a refund back to his card, he was told he needed to bring the food back to the restaurant. 
He then asked to speak with a manager and was told she was too busy to speak with him.
So he made the 25 min trip back there. When he  arrived, he was again told that Tanya (manager) was too busy to speak with him. 
He waited for 15 minutes before he was handed a phone with Tanya on the other line. 
She claims she had to leave to go to the hospital?!?!
I smell bs.
Seriously, that is unbelievable. Its a shame she made him drive all the way back there to return their gross food and then not have the decency to speak with him.     
Everyone makes mistakes but the way you handle and correct them is what matters!
Tanya needs a lesson in customer service and perhaps Rose Petals needs a better chef.
#saynotowelldonebreakfastI love the food! I cant speak on the service while sitting in because I have only done take out. I have never been disappointed when I get my food. Its always hot and fresh. The food has the right amount of spice and always leaves me wanting more. I do plan on eating in, so I hope I am equally pleased. So far so good, keep up the great work! Thumbs up for Rose Petals!I'm a little torn with my feelings about Rose Petals. The food was good, but the service was terrible! We sat for over a half an hour before I got my food. It was a Sunday morning and we were starving. My waitress never came over to check on us. We had to flag her down and then finally someone else came to our aid, only to tell us that "we're busy, your order will be up soon. There's two orders ahead of you". That conversation took place after a half hour of waiting. We would've left, but at that point and after waiting so long, we figured it wouldn't hurt to wait a bit more. When we finally got our food, my food was good, but my boyfriend was livid at how tiny his omelet was.Sometimes there is a wait to get your order. In this case, thats a good sign. Everything I have tried on the menu is very good. If I had to recommend one, The "Southern Comfort" - Waffle with Seasoned catfish - Soooo goood!!!!!I stopped by here for breakfast for the first time today, the experience was outstanding. Everything was perfect from the welcome, decor, menu choices, price and outstanding service.  The breakfast menu includes several omelet choices, interesting combinations of waffle selections and French toast options.  The coffee is excellent and there are also bakery choices.  The service was very attentive and on point. 
Currently open only for breakfast and lunch beginning October 4th they will serve dinner as well on Friday and Saturday evenings.  The location directly across from the Chestnut Hill West train station make this a great spot for commuters.
Hit this spot early as this will soon become a busy brunch spot.  Enjoy!!!Food and service was excellent! I got the chocolate chip pancakes with spicy sausage, fruit, and a hot chocolate.  Hubby got the chicken n waffle.  everything was wonderfulThis place is perfect for brunch! Our server, Malcolm, was really helpful and friendly. I ordered Grandma's stuffed French toast which comes with fresh strawberries and strawberry cream cheese. Toast was great and I loved the fresh strawberries! I would definitely come here again if I come back to Philly!Great Atmosphere and Service is excellent! 
Food was great! Cozy spoke that is very welcoming and inviting. Small space but it's well decorated and kept. Small Business Excellence! Will be returning. 
Our Server was Malcolm and he was FabolousFirst time coming to this place. Very cute and small.  Went for breakfast at 830am on Saturday. The place had a moderate crowd.  Waitress came promptly after we were seated. We order French toast and an egg/bacon sandwich.   Nearly an 45 minutes later, we asked the waitress where our food was. She stated she just checked on it.  Came back about 10 minutes later and said our food was being plated.   We waited another 10 minutes before giving up and walking  out. Over an hour and our food never came.Unacceptable is how I'm feeling having just left this establishment. Let me explain. I woke up this morning and invited my BFF Cheryl, and her 2 year old grandson to breakfast. There was a spot I heard about and really wanted to try. We arrived at 11:00 and we're informed there would be a 5 minute wait. No problem since I really wanted the Southern Comfort waffles I heard so much about. 15 minutes, not 5 minutes later, we were seated. I happily ordered the Southern comfort waffles. My BFF ordered mini pancakes for my nephew and catfish and grits for herself. The waitress then says, "we're out of catfish". Ummm sweetie, isn't catfish the meat in the Southern comfort waffles. Oh yea, sorry we just ran out. She then orders crab cakes and grits, asking first if they had them. "Yes mam we do". 10 minutes later our waitress came back to inform us they were or of crab cakes. She finally, after some debate, ordered something else. So as I'm sipping on my nice big cup of "lukewarm coffee", we note that only 1 other table 15 minutes in was receiving food. This table of 5, one person at a time was finally getting their food. Hmmm. Now struggling to keep a 2 yr old occupied and quiet, along with the couple next to us doing the same, 30 minutes, and several more people coming in the place, still no food. Oh, forgot to mention, the waitress finally made eye contact with us and said our food would be out in 5 minutes. Hmmm. At the 45 minute mark with still no food and a restless, hungry 2 yr old, we got up to leave. A completely packed restaurant, including the counter and only 1, yes 1 table had food. Everyone else, still waiting. 
The lady selling girl Scott cookies out front asked if we enjoyed the food as we were leaving. Ummm No, since we never got to eat. She said we should give them another try cause it really is a nice spot. Welp, for her maybe. For us, not so much. My BFF is a "1st impression" type of woman so she already says she's never going me. Me, I really want to give the food a try, but service has to get better. And let the servers know, with that many people waiting that long, go over and acknowledge your tables. ask them to be patient. See if another cup of HOT coffee would be needed. Sometimes. Great Food can become Horrible Food, with Horrible service.Rose Petals showed up on Yelp, so my husband & I decided to give it a try. Delicious food, incredible customer service, & great experience. The breakfast pastry was to die for! We will be back!The food is excellent. At times, the wait time is long but the servers are very friendly. The owners are nice as well. This is a great addition to the Germantown area.Great food worth the little bit of a wait.  I had the chicken and waffles chicken was fresh and cooked perfectly my girlfriend said her french toast was the best she has had in a long time.  Service was greatOur server was very friendly. She made sure she mentioned the specials of the day. Service was pretty good and the food was very good. Nice spot to go to on a Saturday morning with the kids or just to catch up with your girls or even to have a small business meeting. My son and I will definitely go back again.Delicious.  Excellent wait staff.  Desmond doing a great job.  Can't wait until Elkins Park location opens.  Much success!Great Service and Food!
Every January, my agency chooses a restaurant for our annual brunch after the holidays as a way to ease back into work. Upon recommendation from a staff member, we chose Rose Petals in Germantown, and I'm so glad we did! 
23 of our staff enjoyed healthy and delicious portions of breakfast selections ranging from Pulled Chicken and Waffles, to Catfish and Grits, to French Toast with turkey bacon and eggs (cooked to order). Everyone raved about their food, and vowed to return with friends and family in the near future. 
I personally enjoyed the Catfish and Grits, which was SOOOO yummy! The fish was crispy and flavorful, served with an aioli sauce that made it even better! The grits were perfect, even down the crunchy green onion bits on top! I had so much food that I took some home for lunch! Even the leftovers were good!
One of the highlights of the day was our server, Malcolm, who masterfully served our large group with grace and patience. He made sure we had everything we needed! 
I will definitely be returning...this place is wonderful!!! Next time, I'm getting the Chicken and Waffles!I've had breakfast here three times and always loved it!! 
My favorite so far is the Spicy Turkey Waffle with Gouda with syrup. It's the perfect combination of savory and sweet.  
Sometimes there's a wait for the food and other times it came out quick. Will be back soon!! Friendly hosts and servers, too.Bartender was really nice. He allowed us to taste the catfish before we ordered an entire platter. They do NOT serve alcohol but they are BYOB. COOL BEANSSSVery knowledgable staff! 
I had the French toast (server suggestion) and it was phenomenal! It was great that they had three options for sausage. I had the sage turkey sausage and it was superb!
This is my first brunch spot on Philly, after relocating from Chicago, so my expectations are pretty high! Well done!I totally came here on a whim...and ended up reveling in my good fortune. :)
Ordered the Catfish Over Waffle (it has a more inviting description on the menu).
It was utterly fantastic! The waffle was sublime. The catfish was crispy fresh, and delicious. And the sausage gravy with green onion was perfectly done.
It was the only thing I ate that day. And I could not have been happier!
Incredibly nice people...who serve some incredibly good food.
Thank you so much!We waited over half an hr for our food which is unacceptable. No one came by our table to even refill the water. When we did get the food,  my boyfriends meatlovers omelet was soggy compared to mine. This place does not deserve a 4 star rating.I really appreciate this restaurant for the business and service they provide this area. The food is good, though too heavy and rich for my taste more then a couple times a year. Hoping they start to offer some lighter options for breakfast fare sometime in the future!Very busy with a long wait time to not only be seated but to get our food but it was well worth the wait everything was prepared very well and looked and tasted excellent i and the prices are very good i would definitely come again love it black artwork was niceThe food was amazing ... Nice atmosphere and unique style of cooking everyday food.Everyone is very friendly and my breakfast was delicious. Aldo very charming atmosphereWe are from out of town and decided to try our luck with Yelp. What a success! I LOVE rose petals cafe and lounge. We came here and got waffles and eggs, the music was light. The vibe was nice. Would come backFood is overpriced and really not worth it!! The wait is extremely long!!! Never will I visit this place again. Thanks for nothing!!!Just to echo what some of the reviewers have already said, the Southern Comfort dish is definitely a must try.  I stopped by this restaurant with my family while visiting the Shrine of the Miraculous Medal en route to the Please Touch Museum.  
Anyway, as described before, the Southern Comfort is a cornbread waffle topped with catfish and gravy.  I'm not a fan of cornbread, but this is the most delicious cornbread I've ever tasted.  Coupled with tasty well-seasoned catfish and savory gravy, you have a meal that it out of this world.  Now, this isn't anywhere on the menu, but is listed as a special (ask your waitress).  
My wife had the chicken and waffle which was good as well, but  not nearly as good as the Southern Comfort.  For anyone who's ever had one of those Chinese Pork Buns (siopao), the maple flavored chicken reminded me of that.  
Aside from the wait to get our food, which by the way took an unusually long time considering we came after lunch and there were only a few patrons; the overall experience was great.  I definitely will be back when I'm in the area.I enjoyed my turkey bacon omelette with onions and cheese, with a side of cheese gritsOrdered the catfish and grits platter for breakfast today. I called it in and they told me about 20 mins. Usually I go a bit earlier to pick my food up but my food is never ready so I decided to go at the time they said. Here is my overall take:
The food was already sitting when I got there and I didn't know how long it was there. When I got home the food was luke warm. My catfish (which is the best catfish I've had out here) was soggy, not crispy and warm. Now it was still good but not hot and fresh. The grits were good as well. The disappointment was the eggs. I ordered scrambled with American and they were chewy and cold. They were so bad that I got a bit nauseous eating them. 
In short Rose Petals will always be one dongle favorite breakfast spots, for many reasons. It's because of that that I can overlook their inconsistency in food at times. Still a good spot to get good filling breakfast.Not sure what the hype is all about. I live nearby so a friend and I went for lunch. Food is average, service is lacking, and the coffee is weak and diluted. I had high hopes for this place especially based on the reviews, but I won't be returning.This is my first time in Philly, and based on Yelp reviews I definitely had to try this place. We came in around 10:30 on a hot summer Saturday. We were immediately greeted and seated by our hostess. The seating inside the restaurant is a little cramped but it wasn't uncomfortable. Our waiter was extremely friendly and made numerous recommendations for our party of four. 
I tried the signature "Southern Comfort" and was not disappointed! The waffle is made out of corn bread batter topped with catfish, gravy and a scallion garnish. It was savory! I told my sister it did not taste like breakfast, it tasted like dinner. It was an excellent meal to start our trip of sight seeing. 
I loved the little kiddie room filled with books for children. I only wished they served alcoholic beverages. A mimosa or Bellini would've hit the spot. Other than that, an excellent experience.Food was good! Unfortunately not good enough to compensate the horrible service! Don't go here for breakfast on the weekend unless you're willing to be there forever!What a treat! It is a little bakery in a skinny space with gorgeous sandwiches & sweets. Very quaint! There are a few tiny tables in the back that can barely balance two tin plates on them... so most people chose take-out. I could ate there for both breakfast and lunch for the REST OF MY LIFE!!!I went to Rose Petals for the first time this past weekend with a friend. I don't know why I waited this long. Breakfast was EXCELLENT. We each had coffee (very good--not watered down like someone else posted), an omelet, and we split the chicken with waffles. Everything was delicious. I will definitely return soon and try out their dinner service on Thursdays and Fridays.Once again. With feeling. 
If you haven't tried Rose Petals Cafe & Lounge yet, you need to go. I've been here several times and I've never had a bad experience. 
For me, a sure sign of a great eatery is, "Will I forgive them for breaking one of my cardinal rules?"
Bacon.
Anyone who knows me, knows I'm openly pork. I dont get down with no "alternative facts bacon". I've been known to wave off a place if I have to adjust my order too much. UNLESS, the other choices are so excellent, they make up for it. Rose Petals always makes my sigh with disappointment that I can't get the pork I want with my breakfast, but then makes up for it with the rest of the menu.
Today's lunch was a Ruben for my Mom and I had the fried Catfish Galore sandwich with onion rings. (OMG! The onion rings!!)
My sandwich was perfect. I'd never ordered it before, but I can't imagine how it could have been better. I ordered wheat instead of rye, but now I'm thinking, rye would've have been fine. The Cajun aioli was so spicy, it brought tears to my eyes. In a good way. My onion rings were exactly right. Breaded not battered and super crunchy. 
Mom's rueben came with a side house salad that was meal in itself. Spring mix, tomatoes, dried cranberries and some assorment of peppers, in a balsamic vinaigrette with croutons. Perfect compliment to her sandwich which, was both crispy outside and juicy inside. 
We were running late, and had to doggie-bag the rest, but my sandwich and onion rings reheated perfectly when I got hime. I wrapped it in parchment paper, and popped in the oven for about 5- 7min @400.We did breakfast there not too long ago and we thought it was an awesome idea! The menu seems to have any and everything anyone would like and we're definitely going back!Nice spot, food is good. I always order fish and grits. This time the fish was different. Not much flavor. Even looks different. Overall, good experience.Message to the manager:
You have a wonderful thing going. You have great staff. You have great food. 
BUT YOU MUST DO BETTER WITH THE TURN AROUND TIME OF THE FOOD. 
I don't mind waiting to be seated. However it took 1 hour for our food. Then when it arrived it was room temperature. 
The potential to be a mainstay is there. But the wait time for the food will have people only eating here once. 
Also you could double your money if you were able to get food out and turn tables quicker.Delicious quick service. I ordered the catfish and grits. The catfish was crispy on the outside and flaky on the inside. The grits were creamy and hearty. However, they did need a little more salt. Lastly, the waitstaff was friendly and attentive.Wonderful!!!! I had Gramma's Love. It was the best waffle ever! Atmosphere, service and food....all exceptionalThe atmosphere was amazing! It is very quaint and the workers are nice! But the service was just above average. It took about an hour for our food to come out and it was only two of us. The food was really good. I will still frequent the establishment but try for a less populated time than Saturday brunch time because they are busy and the food takes longer than expected. 
Also they strive for community betterment so it's a good way to support your community business and friendly neighbors.I've visited Rose Petals Cafe & Lounge twice now and have been enamored with the food and the staff. I'm always greeted once I enter; the staff has been known to stop what they're doing to assist me and my party. 
The Southern Comfort (cornbread waffle, fried catfish, turkey sausage gravy, and scallions) is delicious as previously stated. 
My mother had the Chicken and Waffle, which she said she was delicious as well. 
I've recommended Rose Petals Cafe & Lounge to my coworkers and they love the food too. 
It does take a minute to get your food, but everything is fresh, what do you expect? The waitstaff was very attentive to my party so I can't say anything bad about that.Amazing place! Just moved into the area a few months ago and I would say I've gone here a handful of times but have ordered take out even more. The staff is excellent and nice and the food tastes great. I recommend the meat lover's omelette and the cheese grits.This is a hidden gem in the Germantown area.  This place is pretty small but luckily I've never had a problem getting in and being served in a reasonable time.  I appreciate that just about every time I've gone the owner is there working in some capacity.  Much respect.  The highlight is definitely the southern comfort which consists of a cornbread waffle topped with a generous amount of fried fish and covered in a homemade gravy.  This is by far this restaurants claim to fame.  I've tried just about all other breakfast items and nothing has surpassed this dish.  Everything is good enough but nothing you couldn't get at any other breakfast spot.  It's a cool intimate spot with good prices and nice atmosphere.Wow! All I can say is...I can't believe I've lived only 2 blocks from this place for over a year and never tried it. It's truly a "mom and pop" restaurant and you can tell they put a lot of love in their food, bc it was delicious, came out super hot and fresh! The catfish and cornbread waffles w/ gravy is amazing!! Definitely making this place a regular spot I go to from now on. *also my waiter was very nice!Had chicken and waffles dish here and it was the best I've had (I try c&w) every time I see it on a menu!) It was already glazed with maple and I didn't even need to add syrup -- and I am a sugar freak. 
The food is somewhat slow out of the kitchen and our waitress forgot some of our side dishes, but I think this place is on the rise and I will gladly spend money here again next time I'm in Philly.The food was good, staff was kind but the wait time on a Saturday was insane. We were told 40 minutes but that ended but being over an hour. Once we were seated we ordered quickly but the food took another hour.I'mma do this a bit backwards and start by saying that I ordered the meat lover's omelette and some home fries for breakfast on my way to work. Got to work and got a little bit delayed so I only scored a couple of bites--delicious! Saddened, I shut the container and go to work. A few hours later I found some free time and opened the container on my way to the microwave.
You know I took a bite on the way--'cause I shoal do love me some breffast food!--and HOW 'BOUT THE FOOD WAS STILL GOOD HALF COLD?!?!
First of all, I'm not sure what kind of power their foil has because it was hours later and it was still warm in my air conditioned office, but the fact that it was still delicious sent me somewhere else. 
The food is very well seasoned with a li'l something in addition to the salt & pepper. They're a pork free establishment and I declare you won't even mind. My omelette had PLENTY of turkey bacon and sausage mixed in and the scallions and cheese were a very nice touch. The home fries. Chirren! Somebody's grandmama or granddaddy is back there breakin' they joints off in the cookery. When I tell you that eating those li'l tater nuggets took me back to my gran's kitchen table on Sunday morning?! Lord have mercy.
This sweet little spot is right by the Chelten Ave. regional rail station. I've been driving past it for I don't know how long ... missing out. Not anymore. On my way out I caught a look at somebody's chicken and waffles and got a li'l weak in the knees. Rose Petals is sending you some forget me nots with this food and sweet service--make sure you remember to check them out if you're out and about in the Germantown/Mt. Airy area.I've had breakfast at Rose Petals several times, and always been impressed. Decided to try it out for dinner this past weekend, and I'm a fan. I was in a bit of a rush, so I got take out. The shrimp and grits were delicious, and the side of vegetables were good (except the brussel sprouts in the medley were overdone/mushy). My friends had the braised oxtail and said it was very good.  I'm a fan and will return soon. Dinner is a limited menu, but all should find something they will like.Cute local spot in Germantown! Reviewing my second time there. I went with my boyfriend for Saturday brunch and it was PACKED. It was about a 10 minute wait, and we were seated in Malcolm's section. The wait for food was a little long but that's to be expected during brunch rush hour. Malcolm's great service and the food made up for it all. My partner had the spicy sausage and aged gouda waffle, while I had the peanut butter waffle; we both had a side of 2 eggs with cheese. We tried each other's and we loved it all. We will definitely try to be regulars here. Thanks Malcolm, see you soon!The food was great. The atmosphere is great and the staff is polite and inviting.
I went for brunch on a Sunday and I had the catfish and grits with scrambled eggs and turkey bacon. The fish was fried perfectly, crispy and not dry. The person I was with had the berry waffles which were sweet and soft. 
The only issue we had was that the food took awhile to come out but at least it came out hot and delicious!Great breakfast. Great staff. This place is a local gem. Located close to the top of Chelten Ave. 
They have a great selection of specialty pancakes that will offer variety for any palate. 
Will be back!I stopped in this morning and unfortunately I was disappointed. We were seated between two dirty tables that remained that way almost the entire time we ate. Our food, waffle sandwich and salsa omelette with grits and side of spicy turkey sausage was poorly done. One side of the waffle was burned and had a distinct baking soda taste. The omelette arrived without grits or sausage. Had to ask for them. Sausage came fairly soon but the grits came much later sort of as an after thought.  All this with what appeared to be four wait staff on duty and numerous empty tables.  Not certain what's going on here but certainly not up to my previous experiences.  I hope things improve as I enjoy staying local.It has a nice atmosphere,but the food is inconsistent. Twice we ate there, and every time we had to send it back. They had to take the pancakes back, they were hard and cold, the saged sausage wad hard and salty.......We have been interested in rose petals since the press release because we live right around the corner. Gtown has been sadly lacking good breakfast spots and rose has certainly filled that niche. 
We had:
1. Chicken and waffles: the syrup they add is spiced and savory. The chicken is loose meat that is really tasty. 
2. Turkey sausage and sage waffles: the goodies are baked in! Again you can Toss on some syrup and nail the sweet/savory/salty heavenly trio! 
3. Traditional French toast: good portion sized and the scrambled eggs were fluffy. 
The coffee was perfectly brewed. 
My only complaint is that the food could have been a little warmer. 
The seated sitting is well appointed with just enough tables and fresh paint. The kid room looks to be a good idea.This is great gem in the Germantown neighborhood in Philly. I'd  heard about it and I was told that everything was good. The thought is the Southern Comfort dish sounded complex,  but wow was it amazing. The customer service was really good.  With the place being so small that had more than enough staff and everyone was really attentive which was awesome. We had a short little wait,  again due to the size of the restaurant,  but it was nothing.  The food was UNBELIEVABLE though. I would recommend it to anyone.  A ways from downtown but worth the $14 uber...definitely!Visited with two friends for a late brunch. Even though the place was packed, the wait was okay (~10-15 minutes). Once seated, our experience went downhill very quickly. We put in our order - Grandma's Love waffles, Catfish & Grits platter, and 6 oz Ribeye & Potatoes - and waited. Over an hour later, we were still waiting! Tables who were seated and ordered after us had already gotten their food and had finished eating. Many customers had also already left the restaurant, and it was no longer busy nor packed. The waitress who was serving us never stopped by our table to apologize for the wait or to update us on why our order was taking so long. When we asked another waitress to check on our food, she made no eye contact and quietly mumbled, "Let me check." I'm not sure whether or not she ever checked because she never came back to our table to let us know. My friends and I were ready to leave when our waitress finally came to our table and said our food would come out soon. She still did not give us an explanation nor an apology. The food finally came 10+ minutes later, and it definitely wasn't worth the wait; it was average at best. I do not recommend coming here unless you want to be ignored and waste time.
TL;DR - Service and wait for food was horrible. Food was mediocre. Do NOT recommend.I would give it zero stars if I could and I don't understand all the positive reviews.  Had a reservation for noon.  Picked the place because the menu items were ~$10 which was what we were looking for as we had a party of five.  Get there and we wait a half hour past our reservation to be seated. No apologies no sorry for the wait, nothing.  Then we find out that because it is mothers day the menu has changed and it is $25 whether you like it or not.   There was nothing on the website about this price change or on Facebook either.  We were offered coffee but there was no sugar on the table and we had no silverware. Food was meh.  Waffle was luke warm and the bacon was overly greasy; small portions too. 
Also not in a great area, some crazy woman came up to us asking for money and when i said no (we were standing in a group) she got all huffy and started raising her voice about how she wasnt talking to me, etc. 
Just stay far far away from this dump.Great service, amazing pancakes and waffles, cute decor and wifi! My friend and I stopped to check it out. We planned to get peanut waffles but the peanut waffle maker was down so we ended up with the Rose special waffle and fruit pancakes, both amazing. We'll be back to try the peanut waffles for sure!Rose petals cafe. If I had to review this individually I'd give a 5 Star for service and 3 Star for food. The people here are extremely nice. Once I walked into the door I felt so much positive energy. But the food on the other hand. Yes it is very delicious and has much more potential. The eggs was a little Over seasoned. And the chicken and waffles are odd. They grill the chicken instead of frying it. So you get a sweet tangy taste. As if your eating a pepper chicken with waffles. Overall the cafe has a lot of potential. And hopefully in the future they'll improveNice atmosphere. Very inviting. Food excellent. Very flavorful. Good service.  
Oh and it has a kids playroom. Love this!
Only negatives:they ran out of crab cakes ground beef and pizza. And no kids menu. 
Even with that i will return. Food and atmosphere exquisite. Real chill charming and upscale.This place is AWESOME! Food is cooked just right...the fish? Amazing! Place is small but if you go in alil later in the day...you will get a seat almost immediately! Prices are a tad bit on the high side BUT well worth it and really not that significant! They don't sell pork if you like that. But the turkey bacon is good. (I love pork bacon) but don't notice it missing when eating here! It's a good and bad thing that this place is literally 3 minutes from me!Had an excellent breakfast at Rose Petals! Sid was our waitress and she was attentive and so very nice! This was my first time here and I will definitely be back!! It has a great neighborhood vibe and is easily accessible! Parking is no problem either!!This is my 2nd time at Rose Petal Cafe, and I couldn't be more pleased. To start off, the customer service is amazing!! Every staff member is so polite and curtious. Now let's talk about the food..... You will not go wrong with any waffle on their menu. The chicken and waffle is a staple. A little different from the usual expectation. The chicken is marinated in a flavorful sauce then sauted to a nice crisp. Then there is the spicy turkey infused waffle topped with gouda cheese... Another wonderful item on the menu. Oh, and don't forget to order a side of scrambled eggs with cheese. If you're looking for a small, quaint restaurant with a neighborhood feel then this is your choice. 5 stars!!Nice to have a place in the urban community that has class .and good food waffles are awesomeReally good waffles. Hubby and I both got the southern comfort waffle (a cornbread waffle, topped with fried catfish and turkey sausage cream gravy). While we both asked for them To hold the gravy on the side...they forgot to do so...but won't hold it against them. Just a drizzle would have been enough but I feared that they would put way too much. 
Overall, the atmosphere, staff & food are amazing. I just ask that the cooks pay attention to the notes written on orders like no gravy.Thought the food was pretty good. Not as good as I expected from reading reviews. I opted not to take my leftovers. I really thought the coffee could have been better. The service was not that great, I felt like we had to flag someone down when we needed something. I went 7/31, it was nice out but dark inside. I was really hoping to like this place. I would go again to see if my experience was an exception. Hey, Im an optimist!We went for Brunch Sunday 2/8 and it was found on Yelp by my sister.  I was so pleased with my meal. Omelette with spinach/provolone cheese/mushroom, I had steak fries, orange juice and grits...#foodgasmBeen there twice for breakfast and once for dinner. Great local place! . Waffles and chicken no matter the time of day is incredible. Braised Oxtail for dinner was delicious although the Brussels sprouts were way over cooked. The service is excellent. Strongly recommend for anyone in the Germantown area. Must try it!I was looking for a brunch spot in Germantown and decided to come here because the previous place I went to was closed unexpectedly.
The experience was just okay. I ordered the Waffles with Rose petals because it seemed unique and, as a foodie, I do enjoy trying unique things. In the end, I wish that I had tried something else. The presentation was beautiful, but the waffle was crumbling apart when I stuck my fork and knife in.  I am not sure what sort of mix they used as I've never had a waffle like this before. It was breaking apart so much, some of it fell of on its way to my mouth onto my clothes. And I'm not a messy eater. I had to basically scoop the waffle into my mouth. And the rose petals may have included more than just petals because I came across a couple somethings chewy and hard that were likely parts of a stem. Ugh. I wish I could say that despite the difficulty, the waffle was the best waffle I've ever tasted; it was not. It was just alright. 
The service was also okay, I did wait quite a while to get water and even longer to get it refilled. I would be willing to give it a chance again, but definitely not the same menu item.The service is great. The atmosphere is great.  The food is meh.  I ordered an egg sandwhich on rye.  maybe that was a mistake but I certainly could have done better myself at home.  My wife had an omlette that was decent but nothing fancy.  I know they don't serve pork products, but beef and turkey bacon don't do it for me.I've come here a dozen times and I like the creative waffle options. The staff is always friendly. I ordered a pizza before and it was awful. Frozen Ellios style dough and toppings were a let down. Also the fries for take out were soggy and they didn't give very many and the croquet sounds good but both times I ordered it the sauce had a coating from sitting and wasn't appetizing.I had the catfish nuggets and grits, wheat toast and scrambled eggs, very delicious, I had takeout this time but its a very nice small cozy place ! Also, the staff is very friendly :) I live up the street so parking is not an issue for me, but for those that has to drive to get here, you will have to deal with parking meters or the numerous no parking signs or no parking at all.This was awesome! I'd never tried turkey scrapple before (used to pork), but it was good! I ordered the wheat french toast, hubby had the pancakes, both were delicious! Another couple with us tried the berry waffle (fresh strawberries, yum??!) and the carnivore pizza--smiles all around. They even have childcare available and are great with small children (didn't hear a peep out of our fussy 2 month old niece and mama loved the break). Definitely worth every penny!I had pancakes, scrambled eggs & turkey scrapple. 
Scrapple was perfect & I appreciate the turkey option. I don't think they serve pork & that's a huge plus for me. 
Pancakes tasted good, however they weren't fluffy & light nor totally flat & crisp. A weird in between for me. Weren't bad but I won't order again. 
Scrambled eggs were powdered & not piping hot the way I prefer. 
Overall I'll probably visit again & try their grits. Nice atmosphere. Only drink I tried was Pepsi which was flat in glass with little ice. Waitress happily switched for can when I asked. Can was hot & my glass of ice had about 10 cubes. 
I recommend this place though! My companion had a waffle/ gravy/fried fish concoction that was superb! I'm glad this place exists.I don't get the hype. We came here with some friends and we're served well after others who weren't even in the restaurant before us. It took a while for our order to get taken, to get drinks, and then to get our food. And once we got it none of us were all that impressed. My spinach stuffed waffle wasn't stuffed with spinach. Instead it had shredded spinach artfully on top.  The food definitely has a nice presentation, it's just that I wanted breakfast and I wanted what the menu described.Came for brunch. Our server was friendly and accommodating. The fried catfish was good. We also had cheese grits that had a few sparse strings of cheese in them our eggs with cheese were the same. The home-fries were dry and the peppers and onions were barely there. The most surprising thing was the portion size. My potato eggs and sausage seemed like a kids meal. The sausage was good, but was gone in two bites. I would get the fish again.got a bacon egg and cheese sandwich for my first time here. unlike a lot of breakfast places, they give you a lot of options to mix and match to make your breakfast sandwich. I got a croissant with swiss cheese and turkey bacon and it was great. service was friendly and fast, even with a nearly half full cafe, felt very relaxed and homey. next time I definitely want to try the waffles.In Philly for a quick visit with friends and family. Stayed on City line Ave and we wanted something "good" to eat for breakfast. Read the review and decided to give this a shot. Are we so glad we did. Some reviewers complained of a "long wait" time. Its been our experience that any really good breakfast spot you will experience a wait... and usually its worth it. Rose Petals did not disappoint, the food is so worth any wait . Weather was rain and chilly so I guess that kept a lot of people home... Our gain, because there was no wait. Wifee ordered a egg white veggie omelet with home fries I have a "southern Comfort Waffle which is a corn meal waffle topped with Fried Catfish and a chicken gravy. OMG Waffle was a little sweet ( not too much ) crispy on the outside soft on the inside, The catfish was well seasoned and covered with that great creamy chicken gravy. In a word PERFECT. Wofee loved her omelet ( most laces over cook egg white omelets)  Rose Petals did it right. fluffy, lite and the veggies and cheese were folded in just right. The home fries where true home fries seasoned potatoes with bells peppers and onions. Most places thinks diced potatoes cook on a flat top equals home fries....."NOT".......Service was attentive and fast. If you're in Philly Check out this spot.... you won't be disappointedI have had it with this establishment! What happened to the great food??!! This is my 3rd time ordering take out  and the food is mediocre as usual!
When they first opened, I couldn't get enough of it! I told all of my friends and even had people for out of town support. That has since changed. They need to do whatever they did in the beginning, because it's killing the taste. 
Now take today... the French toast looks and taste burnt. The eggs have no flavor... all I could eat was the turkey bacon that was blah. 
I'm very disappointed and unfortunately I will never be back.I really enjoy the food at Rose Petals. The catfish and grits is the best I've ever tasted. I recommend this caf for a great meal and relaxibg atmosphereWhat a lovely cafe-- warm and welcoming.  The second time I came to Rose Petals, I was greeted with "welcome back." The first time, I had the crisp cornbread waffle with catfish and sausage gravy. Delicious, and I don't even like catfish. Second time, an excellent turkey club with a bowl of ripe fruit. My friends had catfish with grits, a waffle with chicken and crab cakes . My husband is picky about crab cakes and he said they were perfect.  Next time, I'll have the stuffed French toast. Or the waffle with caramel apples. Or a turkey burger. So many great options!From the other reviews on Yelp, I had to try this place out. Inside is very nice & small. The staff is very sweet as well. My sister & I went on Sunday around 2 and there was no wait. I ordered the Waffle Sandwich and my sister ordered the Peanut Butter Waffle with Home Fries. The Home Fries aren't regular home fries - they had corn in it & other things mixed in it. Everything was very good! Not sure if it was just today but I was asked if Turkey bacon was okay, so I'm not sure if that's the only type of bacon they serve, either way it was really good. I would definitely come back.Extremely Disappointed
Customer service issues:
Ordered breakfast over the phone and was asked to arrive in 15 minutes
I arrived on time, my food was not ready and as I prepared to pay, the restaurant's WiFi went down and I was unable to pay with a credit card -
After offering to go get cash, I was told to wait as a manager was working on the issue and that I would be updated ; in the interim I waited patiently while other patrons were served and Styrofoam platters were placed on the pickup counter
After 15 minutes go by, I finally wait near the counter for to request an update, and thankfully another wait staffer asked if I had been helped - checked on the status of my food and commented that my food order had been completed and was waiting on the counter 
In the midst of the chaos with the wifi being down with the manager and asked if the issue had been resolved and if cash would be better - and he said yes - so I returned with cash and paid $25 for cold breakfast, was and was not given an apology/comped/acknowledged for being inconvenienced or for having to receive poor  customer service or cold food
What took the cake was being asked to pay additional .35 cents (because I misunderstood the total) on top of the bill, mg handing over an extra $1 to cover the bill and then being told Nevermind they didnt need the extra dollar as they didn't have change to return to me anyway 
Food Analysis:
By the time I received my food 20 minutes after I ordered it - it was very cold, and the Grandma's Stuffed French Toast that I ordered did not have anything stuffed in it, it was just covered In strawberry cream sauce ; the eggs and beef bacon held up considering they were cold; and the Berrylicious Waffle was not very Berrylicious -(its almost as if thr tantalzing menu descriptions overcompensate for the actuality of  what the food tastes and looke like for the items I ordered)
Suggestions:
Get a host/hostess to manage the front door
Acknowledge all patrons as they enter 
Get some cash to back up your wifi issue for your POS transactions 
Show compassion and acknowledge when you have given poor service to customers 
Overall Review: Not sure if it is even worth you even checking out or me even trying to give it another chance again - 
said yes - I went and grabbed cash quicklyI really enjoy coming to this place! I love the fact that it is Black owned and I love to support black owned businesses. The food is great, but the only thing I can say is that the food takes really long to come out! But when it does come out it is really good, so I won't complain. I would also say that they do need to work on being more consistent when cooking their food because even though it's good it can taste noticeably different from day to day.A little cafe in Germantown with a unique and flavorful breakfast and lunch menu. I confess I haven't been able to tear myself away from the breakfast options (waffles galore and specialty omlettes)! Includes options for vegetarians although I prefer the carnivore choices myself. Also numerous healthier alternatives, including egg whites, turkey or chicken variants for those who avoid beef or pork, and gluten free-specific items. Reasonable prices, but don't be in a rush to get in and out. This meal takes some time to prepare and savor.What a great find for breakfast! Food was delicious and service was on point. We had the chicken and waffle and the Spicy Turkey Sausage & Gouda Waffle. Both had excellent flavor profiles. Will be sure to return to this place again.I really enjoy the Rose Petal Cafe. The menu is very exciting and the food is great. I also love the wait staff. They're always very engaging and professional. The only thing that annoys me are the amount of flies in the restaurant. It makes the atmosphere very uninviting, and I don't want to eat food with flies buzzing around me. I also wish they'd fix the broken door at the entrance. And can  y'all make the home fries crispier, and give customers the option of ordering them without the seasoning?This place is fantastic! New to the Germantown area and haven't found many places that have quality, great food and this was IT! I had blueberry pancakes, eggs and bacon. All were amazing! Clean and quiet place. Waitstaff were so polite and helpful. I'm definitely going back!If I could time-travel I would, I would write myself a note and travel back to that morning during the brunch decision phase and warn myself not to come here. However I took a chance and came due to the good reviews despite the negative ones surrounding oddly long wait times even when customer traffic was low. The hostess was extremely courteous and informative regarding our wait time for a table. After we were seated and promptly had our orders taken, our experience took a nose dive. The wait for our food was well over an hour long, there were customers that came in 15-20 minutes after us and had gotten their food well before us. The food eventually arrives over an hour later and probably wouldn't have if we didn't remind them. Nonetheless mistakes can happen but the lack of a sincere apology was what frustrated me the most. People make mistakes whether it's forgetting an order or taking the wrong one, that's understandable. However how you deal with such a disaster can set you apart from an understanding reason to a frustrated customer that will never return. A restaurant should prioritize their food and customer experience equally. You are not only selling the taste but also the experience of being in a restaurant. I usually take yelp negative reviews with a grain of salt as they can be petty sometimes, but this time I should have trusted my fellow negative yelpers.Great food great good service. Interesting menu different takes on familiar foods. Good for breakfast or lunch. Fresh food well prepared   Prices reasonable for what you get.Maple Chicken on cornbread waffle- yum! Delicious, could only eat half the enormous waffle. Friendly staff, nice little book nook and play area for the youngest customers. Mostly breakfasts, brunch, they close by 3 most days.Came here for Sunday brunch. The service was outstanding, especially Malcolm. The atmosphere was warm and inviting. I ordered a vegetable omelette with home fries. The food was fresh, flavorful and delicious. I plan on coming back soon!Cozy decor
Friendly, slightly disorganized service
Hit & miss food (mind you, I've only tried their breakfast menu)...
While the beef bacon, grits, and various omelets were good, the french toast was made with cheap bread and served with fake maple syrup. (The waffles and pulled chicken were both dry, as well.)
If the owners simply want Rose Petals to be a diner that has a warm, coffee shop decor, then they've succeeded. However, if if they truly want it to be more, and compete with the various brunch places in Center City, then they must use better quality ingredients (preferably organic, which would be a great selling point). Also, fresh, natural iced-tea would be nice.
I really want to like this place, especially since I respect what the owners are trying to do for the community. Hopefully Rose Petals will find its feet within the next 6 months.Ordered from this restaurant using order eats and I was nothing but pleased with this food. I ordered the 2 stack of pancakes, they were good, came with powered sugar on top, the crab cake platter with scrambled eggs and turkey bacon, the crab cakes were some of the best I've ever tasted, they had this hollandaise sauce on them that tasted excellent, bacon was cooked perfectly, and eggs were nice. My bf had the stuffed French toast with scrambled eggs and bacon, he loved every bit of it. I just wish the food was hotter when it arrived.Had breakfast here in Friday morning. I ordered hot chocolate and then the Southern Comfort meal which is a cornmeal waffle topped with catfish and gravy. It was delicious and very filling! Very filling! It was somewhat crowded and a little cramped but cozy. The staff were nice but it seemed understaffed. There were some flies and I did come out smelling like smokey food unfortunately  :( 
I'll still go back and give it another shot because the food was good!!!Food is very mediocre, the seating is so close together it feels like your eating on top of a complete stranger sitting next to you.  
The staff is very weird and seem to lack customer service skills. The price of the food is ok compared to other breakfast places. I guess you get what you pay for. Oh and DO NOT!!! Use a credit card or debit card at this restaurant one of the waiters took it upon themselves to write in a tip on the restaurant copy of my receipt, and when I confronted the management about it days later after I reviewed my bank statement, they tried to cover it up as a error in their system. I am very disappointed because I go out of my way to patronize black owned businesses and I feel like I was robbed. Even though they offered to give me the tip amount back in cash I wouldn't even waste my time traveling all the way there burning more gas than what the tip was worth. I will never spend my money at this place again and I will tell my friends and family do not go there. They have criminals working for them apparently, and you might be the next victim. Smh. Horrible !Went there today & was warmly greeted by waitress and body builder  looking guy who was also equally friendly ..i ordered a egg n cheese on potato bread  to go..it was fast n yummy . with the eggs having a very nice fluff to them 
Observed many patrons enjoying there delish looking food ..was thanked warmly as I exited 
Will most certainly come back when I'm in the area .Came here for late brunch with some friends. The hostess was accommodating and we waited with anticipation! Unfortunately, we left highly disappointed from poor service. We placed our orders, but we neither got checked on by our waitress nor an update on our food despite the lull in customer traffic. At this point we were growing impatient (about 45 minutes) and asked another waitress to check on our order. She avoided eye contact and didn't return. Our waitress returned and informed us that our food "would be right out." We waited over an hour to get our order! It doesn't take an hour to make a waffle...??? A sincere apology would have been nice. Our food might have tasted better if we didn't have the sour taste in our mouths from the poor service. Everyone makes mistakes, but it's when you don't own up to them when it becomes a problem. If I could give negative stars, I would.My experience at Rose Petals cafe was for brunch on a Sunday afternoon. It was very crowded and it is a small space, especially since I had my two small children with me and giant double stroller. The staff was very friendly and helpful though. The hostess helped me to put my stroller out of the way and we were served promptly. Due to the business, we did have to ask for some things multiple times. We were trying to have a conversation but it was very loud. Overall, a good atmosphere and vibe though.
The food was ok. I think it could have been better though. I had the rose petals waffle, a side of homefries, fruit cup, and hot tea. The waffle was good put the rose petals on it were hard and hard to eat. The home fries could have been cooked a little longer, but were acceptable. The fruit was a disappointment though. It seems like it was premade and sat for a long time. The pieces were somewhat soggy and not firm the way I like my fresh fruit. I would not order it again. The tea was ok. Others in my group had coffee which smelled great. 
If I go there again, I will order a regular waffle without the rose petals and ask the homefries be fried hard. 
It wasn't bad, but could have been better. I think I will try them again when it is not so busy maybe.Love love love. A diamond in rough, rose petals lived up to the reviews I had read and then some. I am a waffle lover. I don't eat them all the time, but I think about them a lot. The options for brunch were large and made my mouth water just by reading them. Of course, I went for a waffle. I picked the "Grandma's Love" which was cooked perfectly and topped with caramalized pear slices and powdered sugar (may be something else..sorry if I'm forgetting). I also got a side of hash browns that my boyfriend was eyeing the whole time and regretted he did not get. I gave him half. Finally, perfectly cooked bacon. 
It was a great experience and only walking distance from our little apartment in Germantown! Which is good...because I think some movement after such an epic brunch is healthy. 
Thank you for coming to the neighborhood rose petal!! I am trying to wake up the boyfriend now so I can try the chicken and waffles. Yum yum yumI really wanted to like this place. I'd heard how good it was so I went with high expectations. We get there and there's a line, that's to be expected on a Saturday morning, no sign-in list so everyone is just waiting. Then we're seated, they take our drink order, then our food order...okay. Now we wait, not seeing anyone's food coming out, no one is giving us an update or apologizing. And 45 minutes to an hour later our food comes. My son asked for no peppers on his chicken & waffles, surprise peppers on the plate and waffle was soggy. Next up, the western omelet, nothing to write home about. The grits were good. Last on the list, my shrimp and grits... these are some of the smallest shrimp I've seen in awhile and they're not peeled. I would have possibly been okay had they been peeled. Not just the tails but the whole shell, no one wants to pick thru their food to peel tiny shrimp. Not sure if the food was sitting in the back, but all our entrees were lukewarm. 
I don't think I'll be going back.Excited that my Cousin suggested this "Gem"! Food is unique, soulfully pleasing to your eye and palette! Bring your appetite!This is a gem:  first of all, the coffee was more than good.  Had the waffles & my companion had an omelette, which may be the cheapest omelette I've seen in 10 years.  Both were nicely done:  hot, garnished but not overwhelmed with shrubbery.  Service was friendly & accommodating in a thoughtfully decorated space.  Best of all, this real food made by real people was really good.I had the spinach, feta, and turkey "stuffed"  waffle. The waffle was NOT stuffed the ingredients which were used very sparingly were on top. The spinach was more like 3 spinach leaves thinly sliced. Despite the lack of ingredients the meal was tasty.
TERRIBLE SERVICE:
I waited maybe 15 minutes to place my order, too long. Then after the order was placed someone else came to take my order again.  The coffee tasted disgusting and was lukewarm. The waitress was inexperienced, inattentive, and mega slow. I had to get up to ask for my check because she never came back to my table.  I stood and waited as she asked coworkers if they had nickels so she could give me change and they ignored her. 
I am pretty patient and I love supporting local. But I cannot support a business that is poorly run. It's my money and I am not going to waste it on lousy service. I want this place to do better! If they are open in 6 months I will try again.so let me critique first. the wait wasn't too bad on a sunday at 1. however the wait to actually be fed was quite long. we were starting to think maybe the stove broke. but alas, they ran out of chicken. i was annoyed to say the least but the server was really apologetic about it.
so i ordered the sausage IN waffles with gouda. holy smokes. it was deeeeelicious!!! i don't like to wait too long to eat but it was worth every second. savory and sweet and fluffy and creamy. oh my goodness. fine fine job.
my bestie had the fish and grits. hooooooly cow pow wow. it was even better than my waffle. piping hot, salty, crunchy fish and creamy fresh grits. i was be back saturday to order that.
i am so glad this is in my hood. i am so glad its reasonably priced. i love successful black owned businesses. it really adds depth and culture to the community as a whole. i love everything about this place... except for the wait.
:)I had the Chicken and Waffles and it was amazing!! Came here with my family for Sunday Brunch and had to wait over an hour to get a table. They were nice and gave us a discount for waiting so long. This place is awesome had to take a star off because of the wait.I'm seeing a trend developing here with slow waitstaff and long waits.  It took 30 minutes to get our food in a place that only had 6 customers when we ordered. We had an hour to order and eat. We ordered at 9 am and had to get it to go when the food came out at 930. 
What made it worse is that they didn't give us everything we ordered.  
What a huge let down.Honestly, for what it is, it is really overpriced. We thought we would try it because it is walking distance from where we live but I don't think we are coming back. Maybe our expectations were too high after reading other reviews. I mean, how hard is it to screw up breakfast?A-ok. Delicious breakfast, I'd highly recommend the catfish and grits. Coffee was lousy- they should look into upgrading that, it was a big letdown considering how much good coffee is available in Philly. The wait for our food was epic. It's a good thing the food was worth the wait but idk if it's worth going back. Who wants to sit and wait 40 min for breakfast? It's one thing to wait on line for a table but I've never had to wait so long for eggs. No pork products which is weird to me but didn't seem to bother anyone else? Prices seemed reasonable to me but I'm from NYC. They need to hire waitresses who have done this before and get control of the menu and kitchen and they'll probably Be very successful!Great atmosphere and food. Friendly staff and comfortable settings.
I will definitely be returning 
Malcom was a pleasure. I loved his personality and suggestions.
Make sure you try the Southern Comfort. I loved it.I had to meat lovers omelet the portion size was satisfactory The Omelette came out very greasy I mention this to our waiter Malcolm and he was more than happy to adjust the bill for us not sure if I will come backI ate here on Sunday 7/1/18 on my Birthday...I order shrimp &grits not available..crab cakes & grits not available..and it was 8:45am the waiter said sorry about that we ran out of these items on June 30th 2018 we had a large crowd. Inexcusable at that time of morning. Also had the nerve to charge me for my breakfast after I said its my birthday and y'all didn't even have 2 of the items...Why I Don't Like Supporting Black BusinessesGet the peach mango smoothie. The chicken syrup waffles are a little too sweet so be warned! The catfish waffles were DELISH.Love, love love this place! The menu offers a variety of choices for breakfast/brunch/lunch--all outstanding! The staff is so friendly and the service is prompt. We had to wait about 30 minutes for a table, but it was WELL WORTH it!I was having hunger pangs when I decided to stop in here. After analyzing the menu for 5 minutes, (yes I was starving but you make bad decisions when hungry so I took my time to avoid hungers regret) I settled on The Southern Comfort. It was the best decision I made all day, next to wearing my seatbelt and brushing my teeth of course. I'm not even a catfish fan but it was seasoned very well and fried perfectly. Next is the waffle, pure perfection. It had a little sweetness and the perfect texture. The gravy tied it all together to make a perfect dish. I ate all of my food, something I almost never do. Looking forward to coming back already and I haven't left yet.I love the cozy atmosphere. It's clean and the food is cheap and tastes great. What more can you ask for? I got the strawberry french toast, which also came with bacon and eggs. My sunny-side-up eggs were too runny for my tastes; everything else on my order was delicious. My boyfriend got the meat lovers omelette with home fries and a side of scrapple. He really liked his meal. The staff is friendly, service is quick.Food is amazing! The salted honey biscuits are delicious and so are the waffles! I loved that you could get a sampler order of the waffles for those of us who have a hard time deciding on what we want! The wait staff is super friendly and the restaurant is beautiful and very clean! We loved it!This place is so good! I'm not from philly and was so happy to come across this little gem. Good vibe, nice people, pretty decor and the food... oh the food is just bomb. I love the feel of this city and the beautiful people in it!I'm going to maintain the four star rating although there are a few cons about this place.  That's strictly because of the food.  The wait is still long.  When we arrived there were several parties waiting for a table.  A party of six were there before us.  They were seated and about 45-50 minutes  later when we were seated they still didn't have their food.  It gets really busy and hectic in there.  The tables for two are not the most sturdy and they serve you drinks in plastic cups.  Other than that everything else is muy bueno.Awesome food! Can be a wait due to the popularity of the place. It definitely could be bigger inside due to the fact that the tables are pretty close together....We visited Rose Petals Cafe for the first time on Saturday morning. It's now Sunday morning, and I have their food on my mind! All 3 in our group had different dishes, and they were all delicious and hearty. I had the Southern Comfort...swoon! My husband, who is a serious foodie, said "This is the best catfish I've ever had." It was cooked to perfection. The staff are courteous and efficient. There was a good amount of traffic in and out, but we still didn't have to wait long for our meal to be served. The first time we tried to go there was on a Sunday morning - no luck - it was packed. So would recommend going for Saturday brunch. See you soon, my lovely (me talking to the cornbread waffle).The reviews are on point for this place. My first time was a Saturday morning. My family went early around 9:15am to beat the weekend rush. We were greeted and seated immediately. The server came over in timely fashion and we placed out drink orders. Coffee and water. It did take us a few minutes to decide what we wanted because the menu has so many great sounding options. Our breakfast food took 40 minutes to come out. That was frustrating. The manager did offer us some fruit to hold us over. That was good for the baby. The manager also offered us a discount on the check for that ridiculous wait. The portions are awesome. The food was delicious. I ate the waffle sandwich. Husband had the fish and grits. Everything was delicious. I will be returning back to try more of the menu. I'll just be more prepped for the w a i t.Great atmosphere and food. Friendly staff and comfortable settings.
I will definitely be returning.I walk by this place everyday on my way to work and today I finally went in for Easter brunch. What a wonderful local spot! I had the BEST waffle of my life (the peanut butter one) which had homemade pb on it I believe. I was super impressed. The menu was unbelievable and it was hard to make a decision because everything sounded so delicious. The staff was very sweet and polite as well. Overall A+++!! Will be coming back very soon and often since this is right in my neighborhood! I am so pleased to find a convenient, cozy quality breakfast lunch spot near by. Anybody that likes waffles should stop in!I gave this business 4 stars simply because the staff and the service they gave us was excellent. Everyone was very welcoming and waited on us hand and foot. The food was good but nothing really special. I think my expectations were just too high after attending brunch at different restaurants where the food was actually better then the service I received. I would go back but maybe try their signature dishes like the southern comfort waffle or the catfish and grits.Service is phenomenal, the food was just meh.  Fiance had an egg sandwich and I had some french sandwich.  The flavors were nothing special and the plating was bare.  The meal accompaniments were lack luster and sparse.  Great place if you don't feel like driving out of your way for something else.  Not something I will recommend to friends or colleagues.Warm and inviting. Rose Petal cafe is just steps away from the Chelten train station, which makes it a great stop for breakfast if you have a bit of time before your train ride. Or leave early and get the day started with a good breakfast. 
Everyone that works here seems super nice.I went on a Wednesday morning by myself (1st time I've dined out by myself for breakfast), there was only one other customer when I arrived, so I was seated right away. I ordered the chicken and waffles, with a side of berry compote, cheese grits and a cup of hot chai tea. I had a stressful morning so I just needed a space to unwind and decompress and Rose Petals allowed me to do that. The food was delicious, I would make a special trip there again just for the grits alone! The background music was a perfect level. My waitresses were friendly and accommodating. Such a cute spot...I'm definitely a fan!!The food is amazing. I got the catfish and cornbread waffles! Soooooo good. The service was great as well. My only complaint is the wait time. Rose Petals is very small and the wait can be a bit long.I was looking for a spot to have a nice breakfast in the area...and I found it. The atmosphere was so laid back and cozy i was hooked from the door. The waitress was just lovely and very personable. Food was amazin and very filling. If you're looking for good healthy comfort food...Rose Petals Cafe is your place.Hidden Gem in Germantown - Stumbled onto this place while waiting to have my car serviced near by and fell in love. So many waffle choices which is my fav but decided to take the server's recommendation and have the Southern Comfort Waffle. It did not disappoint. Perfect mix of sweet and savory. My boyfriend had the chicken and waffles and he loved it as well. This is a must try....but don't take my word for it. Try it for yourselfI recently moved to the area and decided to try this place out after hearing about the good reviews. Well the reviews were right, this place is a gem. The waffles are really good. They even offer whole wheat waffles. The bacon they serve is beef bacon not pork. I never had beef bacon but it taste like pork but more saltier (at least to me). 
My mom ordered the grits and I wanted to order the whole pot. They were soooo good. I'm a grits queen and I know good grits when I taste them and this place hit it right on. The staff is very friendly. They have been open for about a year. Whether you want a place to get a full breakfast, a breakfast pastry or just a cup of coffee (which they use La Colombia) this is the place to come to. I look forward to my next visit.The food was great, I got "grandma's stuffed french toast" my boyfriend had "souther comfort special" which was a cornbread  waffle, with fried catfish and gravy.  The server was great too, but it took so long to get our food.  We had to be sitting there for more than an hour.  As a server I know that things can happen, and I kind of expected something to be cold like my eggs that came with my french toast but nothing was cold.  This tells me that they are probably short handed in the kitchen, but I dont know. Bottom line great food but takes forever getting, it may be best to take the food to go so you dont have to wait so long.DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY!  The service was the best thing I received at this place. We waited 45 min before we receive our waffles French toast bacon and home fries why would it take 45 minutes to make such a simple breakfast meal.The food was just ok!Great service. Friendly Staff. Excellent food! Rose petals cafe is now my go to spot for breakfast. Tried a few things on the menu and everything has been great so far. Wish this business the best of luck and hope they can expand to another location at some point.I have never written a negative review on Yelp, but Rose Petals Cafe definitely deserves to be the first after the experience I had earlier today.
I have ordered take out breakfast twice. The first time, it was perfect. The food was delicious, and it was ready quickly.
The second time will be the last time I frequent this establishment. I called in a breakfast order without being asked my name or told a pick-up time and/or total price of the order. Merely guessing, I showed up 15 minutes later, thinking it would not take long to make two omelets. When I arrived, I was told it would be 10 more minutes.  15 minutes later, a staff member squatted down next to me and said, "There are still 4-5 orders before yours." I said, "Okay, what does that mean time-wise?" I was told 10-15 more minutes and was offered a free pastry for the wait. Two other customers came in to pick food up during my 45 minute total wait and were told "10 more minutes."
45 minutes of sitting in the restaurant and 60 minutes after I called the order in, it was finally ready. I took the food home only to find out that they didn't include the toast I ordered or the free pastry I was offered. I called the restaurant and let them know, requesting a refund. Staff was kind and accommodating, saying I can come back in for a refund anytime before they close at 4. Now starving, my boyfriend and I ate our incomplete order.
As I am about to head back over to the restaurant, I check my phone to see a voicemail from Rose Petals Cafe, which said I must bring back the food. I returned the call, spoke to the owner and explained it was already eaten. I was then told I can only receive a gift certificate to the restaurant or a partial refund since I was not returning the food. I explained that the first person I spoke to never mentioned that fact and by this point at 12 noon when breakfast was ordered at 10:50, we were hungry. Still, I was offered the same options. Essentially, I was being told that I was supposed to just know their store policies without being told those details when I had originally called. I became very upset. After being hung up on, I made another trip to the restaurant and was told my order was voided and that the money would be returned to my account. We will see if that happens. I have a feeling I will have to make a second follow-up trip to Rose Petals. 
It is truly a shame. The food is good if you can look beyond the terrible customer service. If you still plan on trying Rose Petals for take-out breakfast, I suggest you order an hour before you plan on being hungry, and even then, you'll still get the standard "10 more minutes" response from staff once you arrive. Never again.Visited for the first time and couldn't wait to come back. Staff very friendly and very informative. My breakfast was delicious. So many choices. Everywhere I looked someone was enjoying a delicious meal. It's gonna take many visits to eat my way thru the menu, but I'm up for the challenge and will love every bite!