Rose Tattoo has lots of charm. They have balcony tables with plants and mood lighting throughout. The service is top-notch and the food is terrific - crab cakes and jambalaya. Someone next to me once ordered the jambalaya and complained about it be too spicy, which I thought was ridiculous considering how it is not that spicy and is actually really good, but the server politely returned her entree in exchange for another - again, top-notch service. They also have classy desserts like a well-presented (and delicious) creme brulee. This is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly. It will be sure to impress if you're on a date.The food here is absolutely delicious. I had the salmon. Whatever crab meat sauce they put with it, it is to die for. Will definitely recommend this place!!The service was very good.  The food was good, and beautifully presented, but not melt-in-your-mouth fresh and did not justify the price.  It's a decent experience no doubt, but really there are so many good places to eat in Philly that give you a good plate of food and good service at a more reasonable price.  You actually have to ask the server for the "lite side" menu or you will only be presented with $20+ entrees at dinner.  I wouldn't choose it again.Picture it. Your fam's in town, you've got some unadventurous eaters on your hand, and you need a place that's good for catching up and fielding personal questions (sub visiting family with your boss or an acquaintance; and swap personal questions with small talk). Either way, this is your place. It's well decorated, with a veritable jungle of houseplants and a quiet atmosphere. The food is your standard American fare, and there's something on the menu for pretty much anyone. If you're headed to the Library, Barnes, or Art Museum, it's a nice spot for lunch or dinner, too.I was visiting Philadelphia for 2 days fir business and met some friends here for dinner. The place was beautiful, the service was professional and the food was terrific. We ordered the provolone for starters and were very satisfied. For the main course I ordered the rose tatoo pasta and was very pleased. Finally, I ordered the bread pudding for dessert. The only mistake of the evening was not saving enough room to comfortably devour the bread pudding. I was phenomenal! I suggest you go to the rose tattoo fir dinner and save room for dessert.Love love love this place!!  A little pricey but well worth it!!  My boyfriend and I occasionally dine here.  We frequent this restaurant because of the distinguish flavor of the salmon and the jambalaya!!! I recommend this place for every occasion!The crab cakes are absolutely delicious! 
Love the interior feels like a secret garden. 
Definitely recommendI agree with other Yelpers here---Don't let the OUTSIDE fool you.  The food (and ambience) on the INSIDE is spectacular. 
I ordered a medium/well burger that came out near perfect.  Meat was cooked exactly to order....fried (for people outside of Philly that's "sautéed") onions were sweet as candy and the French fries had a crispness and freshness that was delicious.  Only error on the kitchen/cooks part---the bottom bun was soggy.  That made it hard to grab/hold/eat.  It came apart easily.   Minor issue..that's easily corrected.
My date ordered the Fried Goat Cheese/Pistachio salad.  It was very good.
Our waitress was sharp, helpful and made our experience a good one.  (HINT:  ask for a table on the 2nd floor.  You will feel like you're having a clandestine meeting in the French Quarter)I have to say I was a bit skeptical with this going in. This place was chosen by my good friend and "master yelper" however I have severe food allergies and can't eat 99% of the menu at Rose Tattoo Cafe.
Twenty-five minutes after our reservation time we were seated, but, I'll start with saying that our server was absolutely delightful! He was pleasant and attentive. I was able to order something off the menu and have it cooked to my special request without hassle. I ordered the Salmon, which I must say, even though it was grilled plain, was absolutely delicious!
The only negative thing I could come up with was no free refills on sodas... but an extra $2 didn't seem like such a big deal after a delicious meal, delightful meal, and great atmosphere.I had just the loveliest dinner here catching up with a friend. Philly seems to have a great food scene, especially if Rose Tattoo is any sign. The menu options were diverse and fresh, attuned to modern palates (both large and small plate options), and easily mixed and matched.
I combined the mushroom bisque with the provolone, and was quite pleased. The mushroom bisque was creamy, there were lots of mushrooms, and tasted almost like it contained morels (??? unclear). I think you could make it a meal if you were willing to sop it up with bread, and not just eat the soup, and were not super hungry. The provolone was an open faced sandwich more or less, with a good balance of tomato, balsamic, and arugula -- and of course baked cheese. :) Together, it was a good amount of food. Both were well executed.
My friend had the goat cheese salad, which was good but not what I expected. The goat cheese was delivered as fried nuggets -- yum, only words, yum -- and the dressing was light. It was not a fruit-nut-cheese salad though, although the pistachios would have implied to me that there was going to be a sweet element to it. It was very good -- but don't expect that sweet element, it was not there.
The location is very close to Community College of Philadelphia, which was A+ for me. I also really enjoyed the atmosphere -- it was warm and cozy. Dark wood dominated, but not the kind of hipster dark wood that you see in places with sleek glass and right angles. It felt more like a romanticized version of a Game of Thrones-era bar.
I waffle between 3 and 4 stars for Rose Tattoo Cafe. Three stars, because the price was too high for what it was -- my mushroom bisque and provolone together cost $26, without alcohol, and there was not really that much food. Four stars, because there are lots of restaurants like this one that aspire to the same goals of cozy dark wood, low light, and a fire, with fresh solid food, and not many of them make it.
In the end, I was genuinely happy with my food. I'll go 4 this time.This place is a  neighborhood standard, and I've walked past it dozens of times. Finally, I came back to Philly for a visit and checked it out for lunch. I ordered the roasted beet salad, and the beets were all flattened and piled at the bottom of the plate. Everything else was A-OK, but not deserving of the rave reviews I'd heard. This restaurant seems to be something my grandmother would be into, if she liked so-so food.
On the other hand, the service was lovely.Unexpectedly expensive, but very good food.  They are known for their cream of mushroom soup, and now I know why--it's a bowl of heaven on earth!  The bartender knows how to mix up a good drink, to boot!
Love the "backyard patio" decor--very cozy and charming.I f'in love this place.  One of Philly's best kept secrets since it's not on the main drag of restaurants and clubs.  GREAT romantic date locay (he/she'll be impressed..."how did you FIND this place?!), just make sure to get a table in the "patio" area.  The main dining room is set up like an outdoor casita around the bar with green plants and flowers everywhere (making the winter seem miles away when you're eating.)  Make sure to call ahead since they have weird hours/days of operation.This place is amazing and completely different than what the exterior would lead you to thinkAwesome, simply awesome.  As you take a look at the outside of this restaurant, please do not be fooled one bit.  Take an extra step inside this place and trust me, you'll enjoy the food and laid back atmosphere.
To start, we had the spicy marinara mussels, seared provolone (which I will go into details), and shittake and veggie spring rolls.  To be honest, the apps took a little longer than I had expected to arrive, but well worth the wait.  The mussels were done well, not overcooked and the spicy marinara sauce was delicious.  At the end, use the bread a sponge and soak up the goodness, use a straw if you want.  Seared provolone?  What in the world?  Get it!  The nicely thicker cut of provolone is seared, sits on top of grilled tomatoes, then ciabatta bread.  All of this then on baby arugula and some wonderful aged balsamic.  I couldn't find anything wrong with this dish, the flavors all blended so well together.  The spring rolls were ordinary, still good though.  The spicy mustard it came with has a very nice kick to it, clear out your sinuses.
For my entree, I got the chef's special, which was a veal chop, stuffed with gooey mozzarella, sitting on a bed of pasta, sun-dried tomatoes, and some amazing sauce.  I can't even describe the sauce, but I want to say it's a tomato and cream sauce mixture, very good though.  One of my companions had the "baby" back ribs.  The ribs are not baby, they're HUGE, two can easily share this plate (but they get you $3 if you share, so beware).  The ribs weren't so tender and the sauce was decent.  It has a slight kick to it though, great touch.
When you walk in, you see their dessert fridge.  Sitting there, which caught my attention was the pecan pie, so I ordered this for the finale.  I was disappointed as there were way too many pecans.  That's all I could taste and a tad bit of the crust.  The taste of it wasn't all that.  However, their vanilla ice cream, touched with some caramel sauce was good.  I also tasted some of their apple cinnamon cake, which was also okay, not that great.
Overall, great appetizers and entrees, VERY well done.  This place is a solid 4-star restaurant.  Service on the food was a tad slow for the apps, but there were other tables around us though which sat just before us, so I can understand.  Table service was good, as our server stopped by to refill our cups, came by to ask for second rounds and checked back on us a few times.  If you're in the area for business, yet alone a local, I recommend this place.Food here is wonderful. A great menu. Many things to choose from. The only downfall is the bill adds up quick. Other than that, I am excited about going back.Excellent food and service for a 50th anniversary celebration. Scott anticipated our needs and delivered exceptional service.  We WILL be back!I love the servers and bartenders at Rose Tattoo. Granted, I haven't met all of them, but those who I did meet were peaches. Other things I love about this restaurant: the fries (best I've ever had!), ambience (so cozy!), and the contrast from outside to in (so unexpected!)Old school charm and excellent food!  I have been here several times and have never been disappointed.  Always different seasonal options available.  We had 4 distinctly different dishes that were all tasty.  All homemade deserts were tough to say no to and we definitely left some behind, but not because they were bad.  Would definitely go back.Drinks and Dinner with local family and friends in the Museum District. Unassuming exterior. The interior is nicely appointed and spacious. We ate upstairs in the back dining area. The food was delicious. Nice selection of local brews on tap.Over the past two decades I have been to the Rose Tattoo dozens of times with many friends and acquaintances.  I have never had a meal that was less than fantastic.
Most recently, I had a delightfully spicy bowl of Manhattan clam chowder and a bowl of house made pasta with a sausage bolognese sauce.  The appetizer size was certainly large enough for a meal.  Others at the table had the always delicious mussels and the outstanding jambalaya.
The bar is also a great place to grab a glass of wine and enjoy a quiet moment under the hanging garden.Agree with Bill M and Robyn H that the crab cakes are divine.  The seasoning is very flavorful and they are full of lump crabmeat, not just filler.  The four cheese tortellini is also a good, comforting option; the pasta is tender and the parmesan cream sauce was just rich enough without being overly so.  The appetizer size is usually enough to feed 1.  But the espresso and chocolate torte is just death by chocolate.  It's good but split it with a friend because it is an explosion of chocolate.Came here for my birthday this past Saturday, and was NOT disappointed at all! It is a gorgeous place inside, the food was phenomenal, and our waiter was top notch. He even played bartender for us upstairs. There was 12 of us, and he didn't even blink an eye , and all our food came out in a timely manner, and was not cold! I will definitely go here again!The food looked thrown together, it was not very appetizing either. I have dined at way better places. The prices here did not match the quality of food. 
I had pasta, which was overcooked.
A friend of mine had crab cakes, over corn chowder, the crab cooks were okay, however the corn chowder was "can soup" type.My boyfriend took me here for my birthday, and I was very impressed. I had the Salmon, and it was soooo good! It came with crab meat and asparagus in a cream sauce! Their "rose tattoo" drink is delicious as well!Always great food year after year. Salads and homemade deserts.. a winner! Great ambiance and varied menu. Been here years and there's a reasonI went for lunch today (Friday). Upon entering, my friend and I were puzzled on what to do. We stood in the reception area, waiting to be seated, finally deciding to seat ourselves. We sat, yet still waiting to be served. A man walked by finally, asking if he can help us. (We're at about 10+ minutes after entering and sure, we would like to eat lunch).
Another waitress came over, to say she'd be right with us. Meanwhile, she went behind the bar to take the orders of a pair that sat down moments ago.
Fast forward to the food portion (service is understood as measly, at best, at this point). The wings were great- crisp, spicy, with fresh blue cheese. But $12 seemed a bit much looking back for the 8-10 wings. Entrees: jambalaya and Texas chainsaw chili, which we learned are two favorites of customers... no and no. A rubbery, tasteless jambalaya and a chili drowned in cinnamon. 
We heard good things about the dessert, so decided to give them another shot. But a dry, brownie with macadamia nuts and ice cream, did not pull through.
Even with taking the entrees off, it was an expensive mistake ($50+ for 1 appetizer, 2 drinks, and dessert).
With all the good reviews, I'm not sure what we missed.Disappointed. Given the strong reviews we were expecting solid dishes. We ordered 4 small plates for two people. Portions were good. Lamb chops were excellent. Spring rolls were lukewarm and a bit soggy. Ravioli had crunchy mushrooms and sauce with little seasoning. Small pizza had bread like crust rather than a crisp pizza crust. 
Strong wine list provided a nice Willamette Pinot noir.My family and I decided upon this restaurant after my sisters graduation.  We heard the décor was great and the food was awesome too. Upon entering, we were greeted by a very friendly host. The décor in the main eating area was very pretty. It reminded me of the French quarter in New Orleans. However, the food was less than impressive. I ordered the Salmon with shrimp and crabmeat. The salmon was dry and lacked flavor as well as the shrimp and crabmeat. My mother hated her jambalaya and my sister didn't care for her food either. The upside were the drinks and the service. We had great drinks and our waitress was polite and knowledgeable.  The food just wasn't good and it lacked flavor.  I wanted to like this place, but I will never return. Afterwards, I left and stopped to get a sandwich from WholeFoods up the block.We have enjoyed eating here dozens of times but the consistency of great food is amazing we have ate here enough that you would think one time would not be great but no never the head chef must be very involved in every meal because it NEVER disappointed love itNeat spot to checkout! Definitely worth popping in for a drink. The food was tastey; however, I would give it a 3 at most. The cocktails were not very good, but they did have a wonderful wine list. I would recommend getting the sparkling wine from France which was very good!Probably the best caesar salad I've had in a very long time.  Cute place, nice staff, very good food -- great for a meal after a visit to the Art Museum.The house chips and goat cheese dip were a great start to the experience. I would really recommend the spring rolls as well!Did not expect this place to be as cute as it is when you walk in.  Very romantic: iron-wrought ledges and a rainforest of plants around the bar with cute little lights- feels like you're outside somewhere in Europe, not inside on a freezing Philly night.
The fried calamari, though on every menu in the city, was SOOOO good. Definitely the best I ever had. Very succulent and crispy and served with three flavorful dipping sauces, one of which is saffron yogurt.
My boyfriend got the jambalaya and though he didn't eat the giant, torched green pepper garnish on his plate, he was extremely pleased with his choice.  I tried some and it was spicy, but not to the point of ruining the dish and the portion and amount of seafood in it was surprising. Very delicious.
I got the catch of the day, which that night was striped sea bass with yukon whipped potatoes and spinach.  While the fish WAS cooked absolutely perfect, it was too bland for my liking and there wasn't enough of the brown butter sauce it was served in. The potatoes were creamy and the spinach was texturally sound, but overall, it was a bit underwhelming in flavor.  That's why it loses a star.  Next time, I'll definitely go with my gut choice which was the scallops because everyone seems to talk so highly of them.
We got coffees (that came in adorable cappuccino mugs) and a delicious apple/cranberry oatmeal crisp with ice cream for dessert.
With two alcoholic beverages, plus the whole meal and tip, it came to about $120-ish, which was worth it considering the excellent service and romantic atmosphere.
Will definitely be back here again, maybe just for that delicious fried calamari.My train from Philly back to New York was delayed an hour or two, so I decided to look on yelp for a good place to eat in the museum district (close to station). Rose Tattoo was one of the first to come up and boy was it good! The Chicken Caesar is one of the freshest tasting salads I've ever had and the BBQ Pork Chops were the bomb.com. The server was also really cool. If you are ever in Philly, this is the spot.Very average fair. Service and treatment y staff excellent. Relaxin ambience but very average fareVery happy with the food and service. Not cheap but worth it IMHO. Excellent choice of beer.  Would do it again.Ambiance was nice. Our waitress was attentive as well, but the food took over 45 minutes to arrive. We ordered a salad (which came fast) and the filet and mushroom raviolis. Filet and raviolis weren't great, extremely bland. No seasoning or flavor what so ever. We had high hopes, but sadly we were disappointed.Four of us arrived here for lunch were greeted by a pleasant, accomodating hostess who gave us a choice of tables where we could be seated. With an abundance of plant material the restaurant is warm and welcoming. Our server soon arrived to explain the day's specials together with their price. Throughout our visit he was pleasant and friendly, yet professional. The somewhat slow service didn't really bother us because we were enjoying each others company and just kept chattering away! For appetizers the Manhatten clam chowder and the mushroom soup were delicious with an abundance of clams in the chowder and rich, not starchy soup. Neither were overly salted. For entrees the beet salad, crab gratin, and jambalaya were prepared with flavorful, fresh ingredients that were nicely presented, though the jambalaya was on the verge of being too spicy. But one has to recognize that this diner tends to be a food wimp! If there was an exception to our favorable experience the chicken in a brioche was flavorful but dry. It was accompanied with perfectly prepared fries. We left here feeling satisfied and will certainly return. PS: The deserts look scrumptiousIt took me some time to think of the right thing to say about Rose Tattoo Cafe. At the end of the day I give it a 3 star because it is a very good restaurant, but rather average. There isn't any sense of excitement which leads me to believe its different from one of many quaint places in other cities. It is in a phrase: "Uniquely Similar". 
I had the Jumbalaya and my wife the Scallop platter. The dishes were well seasoned, and plentiful to a degree. Yet it did not have the amazing flavors I had been lead to believe. I would recommend this place as a once in a while place, but not a consistent restaurant of visit.OMG I had dinner at Rose Tattoo with a friend yesterday evening. During our conversation I noticed a rat hopping along the staircase. I was in complete shock because this is some where I frequent. Well let's say I won't be going back! Yikes!!!!Food was good; service impeccable (ask for Scott). And we sat in the balcony area overlooking the jungle of plants below that the owner lovingly cares for. Plus location, location, location -- really near the Barnes, which we visited.Was in Philly with my girlfriend for a weekend getaway, and chose to eat at Rose Tattoo Cafe after seeing other reviews raving about it. I booked a reservation for 7:15. We got there at 7 and were seated right away. The atmosphere was amazing. The plants all over the place made it feel like we were eating in a greenhouse or something. The food was absolutely delicious and the service was outstanding. I would definitely recommend this place, especially for a date destination. Great place!Great ambiance.  Cozy, quiet.  Food, drinks and service are always excellent.  And dessert!?!?... I recommend them all!  YUM!The salmon is pretty amazing. Go, try it, dream about it for a week. :) I can't wait to go back!!A true hidden Jem in Philly. The food is considered New American with A New Orleans twist. Some dished are spicy others are not. Everything I have had is great. The building doesnt look like much from the outside but inside is a different world. I really like the seating up top overlooking the bar and the server Scott that works up their. Do yourself a favor and try them next time you want a moderate priced meal done really well.Was told by a friend to eat there since we were in the area for the art museum. We were sat right away (party of 5 around 5 on a wednesday) and the place was empty. Right when you walk in you are introduced to their awesome desserts they have for the day. All looked amazing (especially the lemon meringue cheese cake that I took home). 
So they bring out bread to start and it is okay, nothing super special. We all ordered some calamari to share and it was a delight. Seasoned great and the dipping sauces were amazing that came with it. A garlic butter, some sort of spicy marinara style sauce, and not sure what the other was, but all were very good. I had the roasted chicken with twice baked potatoes for my entree. The chicken was a very good size and was moist and seasoned well. The potato had a nice crisp on the top and the vegetables served with were grilled nicely. 
Our server was attentive and a joy, however one of the people who assisted with running our food was not so pleasant. 
Please be advised that they DO NOT SPLIT CHECKS. We needed just one person split off and they weren't able to do it, but our server did offer to help us split it up amongst ourselves and pay as needed with various cards/cash (which we didn't ask for him to do, but it was offered). 
I would suggest it to others eating out in that area. It does have a romantic ambiance so I think it would be good for a date night.I came here last night with my boyfriend. I decided on this out of two other places I've never been to. I decided on this one because I wanted to refresh my recollection on my first experience here about a year and a half ago.  
First, I set a reservation which was honored within a few minutes of arrival. The manager said hello. I asked to be seated where there wasn't too much chatter. I forgot they had an upstairs so I neglected to ask about it. 
We were seated and told the specials. However, I could hardly hear him because other patrons were talking loudly. When he came back, my bf had to ask him to repeat the specials, the waiter seemed slightly agitated. Just so readers know, I'm a student stenographer who currently writes @ 225 wpm. I know what agitated sounds like. I know it was busy, but I could pick up that he was rushing around a bit. But he was still good overall. 
I was disappointed with the bread because it was cold & hard. Warm & soft is better for me. But I used it to sop up my four cheese tortellini. Very good. My bf had fish, potatoes, & string beans. He was satisfied. But deep down I know he probably wanted Turkish food. Plus he cooks & he knows great food. Water was refilled promptly, too.  
But overall, I remember being really happy with my first experience here. It was quiet & intimate, and I remember the waiter was nicer. And maybe more people found out about it so it was a lot noisier and busy. Parking around here was slightly easy, prices are a little high, decor was nice, space was small -- bumped into the guy behind me and we were seated there first. So it was okay, not memorable like the first time. I'll probably go back in two years. Safe to go and enjoy.I went to the Rose Tattoo for the first time this evening, and I loved it. Good food, good ale, but excellent service. The server was just excellent through and through--she made great recommendations, she was attentive but not intrusive, and she was very sweet-natured. I enjoyed the food, the beer, the ambiance, and the service (did I mention how good she was?)--I would love to become a regular here! It's a great place, and really convenient to places like the Library and the Rodin Museum.Good food and service in an interesting atmosphere with lots of history.The ambiance is nice and a little quirky. The service is always good (at least in my experience) and the food is good although can be kind of hit or miss. The BBQ shrimp app is good and has a little kick. The jambalaya is ok but overpriced. The jambalaya at Khyber Pass is much better. The filet is good and cooked to temp-mid-rare. The gaucho steak is flavorful and filling. The price points are high so be prepared.Great Jambalaya!  Nice bar and a cool N'awlins atmosphere...After viewing the Terra Cotta Chinese warrior exhibit at the Franklin Institute (well worth your time IMHO) we found ourselves seeking a late lunch within walking distance of the Institute.  The Rose Tattoo cafe not only filled the bill with being convenient, but the light lunch offerings were delightful and completed a splendid visit.  Ordering from the light fare menu, our choices of Crab Au Gratin, Grilled Baby Lamb chops served with rosemary polenta and goat cheese mousse and Tattoo pasta - a  pappardelle tossed in a bolognese of sausage, short ribs and cremini mushrooms were each outstanding.  The tavern's ambience was rich and inviting with our server attentive and absolutely efficient.  Needless to say, we will be returning on our next visit to the Art Museum area of Philadelphia.When I first walked in, I was slightly confused because the restaurant splits into two different ambiences. To the right, it look more causal dining and the left, was more like a outdoor cafe. We choose the left because it had a lot of natural lighting from the sun roof. The decor was beautiful and they have seating upstairs. It kind of feel like I was eating outside without having to especially because it's winter. 
The server was very attentive and friendly. Immediately as we sat down, he greeted us. He was very knowledgable about the menu and told us about the specials right away. 
The food was so-so, a little over priced, and kind of tasted like diner food. The jambalaya was warm and delicious. However, the  crab cake sandwich just sort of tasted like a frozen crab cake deep fried. Just a personal preference, I didn't like my hot coffee in a clear tall glass mug, would of preferred a ceramic one instead. 
Overall, the restaurant is very spacious and interior design is beautiful. It probably would be a nice place to go for drink after work. I also wouldn't mind returning for restaurant week here.I live nearby and frequently dine here. The food is consistently delicious, although the service is usually average or below. This is a good choice if you are in no rush. The bread pudding is one of Philadelphia's best.Came here for dinner with a few friends who heard about this place through their friends. Ordered the Filet Mignon Medallions and had a great steak for a fair price. Atmosphere is very relaxing. Parking is not too bad as there was a lot of street parking. Kept it on our list of places to return to.We all enjoyed our dinners, food was great! Only neg was the service was extremely slow. Atmosphere is a bit dated but has great character.If you read any negative reviews about this place IGNORE THEM. This place has a DELICIOUS menu and the atmosphere is amazing. If your going just for lunch or dinner I recommend you ask for balcony seating. I took my girlfriend here for our first date and for Valentine's Day as well. I have never been disappointed, we just went there a couple weeks ago and I tried the salmon for the first time ( I usually get steak) and I was blown away. All of their menu items and deserts are rich and delicious. You can tell the cook takes their time on the presentation as well. This is my favorite hidden gem in the city. Great food and great vibes all around. Ignore any cranky people helping bad reviews! This place is perfect for a date night!For older folks, this is a fun place. It's really a throw back to the popular culinary trends from the early 90's.  It's a good little romantic spot, a bit worn around the edges,which lends it a shabby-chic aesthetic. 
It's not a great dining experience, but it's reliable. The jambalaya is good, especially for a place so far from New Orleans.Food okay. Service slow. Only 2 waitresses, and only one of them had any clue as to what was going on. Cute place, could have potential. Waitress offered us a potato and leek soup, which we ordered. No potato and leek soup. We were brought gazpacho by the waitress who had a clue.It's embarrassing to admit as a local that I've only been to the Rose Tattoo less than a handful of times, but the bill is what keeps me from patronizing this more.
Between two people, you can easily spend over $100 for dinner, but it's well worth every single penny.  (Although, on the same hand, that's not bad considering that price includes appetizers, entrees, desserts, drinks, and coffee, whereas other places can charge twice and three times the amount you'd spend here.)
Absolutely anything and everything you order from here is exquisite, mouth watering, and presented so well that you can feel borderline bad for disturbing such a beautiful presentation.
I honestly cannot recommend any one particular appetizer, entree, or dessert because they are all good.  In all seriousness, there is no other restaurant that I can say that about.  That's how GOOD this place is!
I first came here in 2004 and everything was top notch then.  Time has done nothing but improve these people.Great place with great food and good service.  The presentation of food at Rose Tattoo Cafe is gorgeous.  All of the platters that come out of the kitchen look like works of art. The portions are generous and the prices are fair. Another plus is that the kitchen is open until 10:00. A great date is Rose Tattoo Cafe followed by a night at the Barnes or vice versa.Nice, quaint place.  Food is excellent.  Had mussels and a salad for dinner.  Both were excellent and portions were good.  Highly recommend.My husband and I had a delicious Valentine's dinner at Rose Tattoo!!  The food was fabulous and the service was perfect. From our entrees to our dessert, it was wonderful.  My steak was cooked perfectly, the twice baked potato was delicious and the vegetable with hollandaise sauce, perfect.  My husband's chicken with risotto was cooked just right, which he enjoyed from start to finish.  Our shared dessert of the lemon curd homemade cheesecake was divine.  The atmosphere is serene and intimate.  Overall, excellent meal!I came here for dinner with my boyfriend on Saturday night. I made a reservation through open table and requested the balcony seating. When we arrived we were seated right away in the balcony area. I thought there was a very romantic ambiance. The waitress and all the staff were very nice and kind. My boyfriend ordered the jambalaya - it was packed with a lot of meat and seafood and he said it had a good amount of heat to it. I ordered the grilled salmon. I don't eat shellfish so unfortunately could not eat the the shrimp or crab meat which came with the salmon. I also therefore couldnt have the sauce for the salmon (the crab meat was in the sauce) so my plate looked a little bland. The salmon was good. Overall 3.5 stars.My friend and I walked to the Rose Tattoo right after we had checked in to a nearby hotel...we were starving.
First, try the Rose Tattoo martini--I'm a plain, dry martini type of gal, but this martini changed my mind: Grey Goose pear, St. Germain, lemon, lime, champagne. Absolutely delicious and very dry (I asked for very little St. Germain), so much so a second could not be resisted. 
Second, we had the mussels as an appetizer with the white wine-garlic sauce, also expertly prepared with a perfect amount of garlic.
Next, we both had the dinner special was a grilled char with a raw julienne salad. Very tasty. I could have skipped the large fried shrimp wonton purse, however.
Finally, two desserts. I had a pear tart and my friend had the pumpkin cream brûlée; both delicious to the last bite.
The total bill was $70 each with tax. Exactly what I would expect to pay at this type place with two drinks, a shared appetizer, two entrees, and two desserts.Rose Tattoo was the first place we went to eat upon getting to Philly for our conference. It's a quaint little spot with a delicious and varied menu. 
For appetizers we got the calamari, the egg roll, and the special, which was a flat bread with mushrooms, prosciutto and a few other things. 
The calamari came with chipotle tomato salsa, remoulade and garlic lemon basil aioli. The salsas were yummy, but the lemon basil was very strong and not my favorite. The calamari was fresh and tender with a not-so-overpowering breading. 
The egg rolls were also good, as was the pizza. I really enjoyed the mushrooms and truffle flavors in both dishes. I also forgot that someone had the Manhattan clam chowder. It came in a very small cup but he said it was good. 
For dinner I had the four cheese tortellini. It was really good with four generously sized tortellini (for the appetizer portion). It had a cream sauce that was delicious. I think my only... observation (?) is that there were large chunks of parmesan in the sauce, which texture wise was a little strange. And it was so thick that you could have eaten it with a spoon. Still yummy though. 
My partner had the mushroom ravioli and it was also very good. He loves mushrooms almost as much as SPG and he'd recommend it. 
For dessert we tried the creme brûlée, the crumble, the carrot cake and the apple cake. 
The creme brûlée was interesting because in my experience, you have to use a decent amount of force to break the sugar on top but this was a very thin layer. It was also more like a thick and stable pudding than what I was anticipating. 
The crumble was really good, at least the crumble part. When we finally got to the fruit it was a little strange because pears and cranberries aren't something I'd typically put together but it kind of worked. 
The apple cake was not my favorite texture wise as it had chunks of apple baked into it and that was a bit strange. I wish they'd been smaller pieces so it wasn't such a contrast between textures. 
The carrot cake was really good - and I loved the cream cheese frosting. Very moist. 
We thought it was kind of cool they hand wrote the check for you but at the bottom it said "dessert" and $33 so it was challenging to figure out who owed what. 
I'd love to go back here next time we're in Philly!Cool little spot
Great drinks
Get the mushroom bisque - worth the tripMy first time in Philadelphia and I wish I can go back more often. I guess anything outside of Staten Island is a whole new exciting wold! My boyfriend found this place on YELP and from the pictures and the decor from inside especially the vines that hang from the ceiling off the balcony I defiantly wanted to try it out. What can I say I'm a hopeless romantic! Right up my alley.
We made reservations and enjoyed the nice fall night walking to the restaurant and got to do some tourist sight seeing and take some great pictures too which annoyed my boyfriend a bit because all thats on his mind is FOOD but then again he had some señor Patron in him so he wasn't that bad plus he held my hand so thats always a plus!
We finally got there and the hostess was very nice, we had to wait a little for an available table but we got to enjoy a nice glass of red wine and we got seated right by the balcony overseeing the bar! LOTS OF GREENS haha meaning the vines. It was really nice, dim lights, candle lights, couples and not very loud talking which was nice. The waiter was nice and helpful. Didn't take us long to order and we started off with just a salad and bread, then I ordered the baby back ribs and my boyfriend ordered the gaucho steak and we also had a nice fine bottle of red malbec wine. 
My boyfriend loved the steak! He loved all the different types of spices and flavors the veggies in it and ate it all like a good big boy. I enjoyed my huge platter of baby back ribs, the sauce was really good it was a lot, I didn't get to finish it all but it was really good and I even took home a doggy bag to the hotel which came in handy for a nice fulfilling bold breakfast haha. The wine was great and overall had a good experience and good dining at this restaurant, I suggest this place for couples and some nice intimate atmosphere. The prices aren't too bad but the food is really good and worth it and even the wine. 
I want to go back to Philly soon and try more new places cause it seems they have a lot more going on over there otherwise than the famous "philly cheesesteak" even though you shouldn't miss out on that but theres a lot more places to eat, visit, drink & even that nice romantic tourist walk with the significant other around the city shouldn't be something to pass up on!If you never seen or been here before, it doesn't look like much from the outside, although it will catch your attention.  The GF and I have been wanting to eat at this place for a while now and finally did this past weekend.  
We started with the crispy calamari and shrimp.  This starter plate was delicious especially when dipped in the medley of sauces provided.  
For the main course, we ordered the Salmon and the Gaucho Steak.  I had the Steak and ordered it medium rare.  To my disappointment, it came out completely well done.  I mentioned it to the waitress and she was very apologetic and offered to bring me another steak.  I personally hate to waste food so I opted to keep the steak and ate it anyways.  
I also had some of the Salmon which came with jumbo lumped crabmeat and jumbo shrimp.  Everything tasted great until we noticed that the shrimp had not been deveined.  I think to some that would be kind of gross.  Other than that, it was a very tasty dish.    
Finally, we finished off with their chocolate brownie topped with vanilla ice cream.  What a great way to finish the meal.   
Overall, we had a pleasant dining experience other than the food mishaps.  The service was pretty good, but not as spectacular as the other gleaming reviews I've seen on here.  However, our waitress did something very unexpected.  She removed my steak entree from the bill.  Completely unnecessary since she offered to give me another steak.  I'm used to restaurants offering to give a free dessert or something, but not completely remove the entree.  We were very appreciative at the end of the meal.  Definitely want to go back again as the menu looks great.We went there today for a nice dinner. Dinner was great but the power went out and we were paying with card. They took down my credit card info and expected me to "trust them" and now o have to call back later to remind them to rip up the paper. This is crazy. They offered no discount and even asked my boyfriend if he could go walk in the rain and find an atm. So unprofessional and now I'm freaking out about my card info. I will never go there againI brought my family here for a pre-Mother's Day dinner and had a fabulous meal.  I find it difficult to bring my grandmother and mother to any restaurant, as they are very picky, but we all loved our meals.  My grandfather even recognized the rose tattoo movie poster as a movie from the 50s.  The ambiance is charming, the servers were very attentive and the desserts are to die for.  The mushroom soup was delicious as always.  The baby back rips were tender, flavorful and came with a huge portion.  The rose tattoo pasta was a huge hit.  We were all in awe on how large the shrimp were with the pasta and salmon dishes.  The quality of the food was on par with the pricing.  All and all a very memorable meal!Food was mediocre. Overpriced for what you get. Menu is straight out of 1987-all things that were popular in the 80s. Service was decent and accommodating. Could be a really cute atmosphere but it just feels totally dated and smells stale. Wouldn't recommend it with so many other places to eat in Philly.Good, Louisiana-influenced food; pretty decor; fairly quiet on a summer Saturday night.What a great restaurant! It is walking distance from the Barnes Foundation and the Free Library. 
My friends and I had a late lunch so we were seated right away. Our waitress was friendly and service was very good. 
I had the Mango Gazpacho and the dialy special flatbread. Both were excellent with fresh ingredients and a bit of spicy bite. My friends had a variety of dishes - the salmon, a salad, and a chicken sandwitch. All were well prepared and very tasety. 
It is a unique place with charming New Orleans decore. I would definately come back again next time I am in the area.Been to Rose Tattoo once, the inside was quite adorable! I went on a weeknight, so it was very quiet and not too crowded. Service was attentive & friendly, and the food was down-to-earth and well prepared. But it was hard to concentrate on the food because the first thing you see as you walk in the door is the dessert case, and it'll be on your mind for the entire meal. Do yourself a favor and give in to the temptation of ordering dessert. You won't be disappointed! (I actually went back for dessert take-outs...that's how good they were~)very romantic!!
I went on a date with my boyfriend for one of our monthly anniversaries.  I had the jambalaya: it was super good! they have a pretty good wine list too.  the desert is by far the best part!!!! so delicious!!!  
the decor is super cute faux french outdoor cafe.
if you are looking for a reasonable place to go on a date, rose tattoo is perfect.Doesn't look like much from the outside but very nice once you get inside. The appetizers are pretty big - usually the wife and I will just split one - our definite favorite being the crab napoleon. I LOVE LOVE LOVE the pork chops here! It's definitely the best pork chop I've ever had (and I love pork chops!!!) My only complaint is that one time I went and ordered a soda and two refills - and I was charged for 3 sodas! I've never had that happen to me anywhere. The rest of our dinner was great so I wasn't going to squabble over a few bucks, but it did definitely seem a bit ridiculous. (usually we order a bottle of wine with dinner so I'm not sure if this is the norm here or if it was just our waitress???)  But I'll definitely keep going back...did i mention the pork chops? :)I just went to the Rose Tattoo last night with my boyfriend.   Overall, I really enjoyed my experience!  Some notes:
Service was really good.  Our server was attentive and friendly.  Refilled our waters without asking.  Even a bus boy came by because he noticed our water was low.  
Food was good.  We shared the pulled pork tacos, which were decent, but felt a little out of place on the menu.  I had the roasted half chicken with apple and sage stuffing.  The presentation was lacking, but despite that, my food was delicious.  The flavor was just to die for.  I had coffee creme brûlée for dessert and again, to die for.  I could eat that for three meals a day.  My boyfriend had the gaucho steak and loved it.  I tasted it and also enjoyed it.
Atmosphere was quaint and romantic, which is exactly what we wanted.  However, I really can't get past the forest of fake plants decorating the veranda.  EXTREMELY, extremely tacky.  That's honestly why I can't give this place a five stars, because of how horribly those plants affected the ambience.
Would I recommended Rose Tattoo? Sure.  Good food, good service, decent prices.  Good spot for a romantic dinner!Father's Day dinner at this restaurant. The atmosphere was great, the lighting beautiful and our waiter was great. The appetizers we selected was mussels in marinara sauce( the sauce was very thin and bland), my boyfriend had a bisque which was very good.For dinner I had a veal tenderloin over was spinach, bacon and portabello mushroom and my boyfriend had the Salmon Chardonnay Lemon Beurre Blanc, Jumbo Lump Crabmeat, Sauteed Asparagus. I really wanted a great dessert afterwards, but the dessert menu was a tad skimpy.If you enjoy a quiet,classy environment, the Rose Tattoo is for you.  Our entrees ( jumbalaya, scallops, and shrimp) were all excellent.  Portions, just right.  Caesar salad quite large as was the  grilledprovolone.   Creme brulee exquisite - worth every calorie.   Most enjoyable!Came for restaurant week because it was always too pricey to justify the menu. At least the servings were large. 
I'm glad we came for restaurant week, so we didn't waste cash paying full price. 
The mushroom bisque was pretty good, the meatball flat bread was aite, the cheese on tomato and bread, not so much.
I went with the crab cake which was breaded and fried I believe. It came over some veggies. I did not enjoy it
The creme brule for dessert was probably the best. It was a large server and expertly flamed.Amazing. Beautiful. Lovely spot for a date or a nice drink at the bar. Food was out of this world. Pricey, but worth it for a great meal or a special occasion. Would go back again for sure!If I could give this place 10 stars I would. Rose Tatoo was amazing! Me and my boytoy came here on a Saturday night and had a wonderful dinner. Our waiter was great ( prob one of the best waiters I have ever had) and the food was SUPURB.. SUPURB I TELL YOU!  I got a steak and my fellow got the scallops. We also tried the tuna app which was out of this world. The atomosphere is very romantic and inviting. I would most DEFINITLY come back... Rose Tatoo Cafe.. I LOVE YOU !Great food and service.  Looks like a basin street restaurant without the noise.  New Orleans has nothing on this place - would visit again!I think this is such a great date place.  I've been there twice now and have really enjoyed my meal both times.  Scott the waiter is the best!  Both times, we were seated upstairs on the balcony which seems to be the best seats in the house, but the tables are too close together for my taste.  Their daily flatbreads are great.  They have a ridiculously huge Apple and Grape salad that is quite tasty.  Their House Made Mushroom Ravioli was wonderful and the appetizer size had four LARGE ravioli for a plate that was plenty large for an entree.  My date did run into a undercooked piece of pork, but the staff were quick to fix it and incredibly apologetic and paid for several of our drinks and bought us a dessert.  I think mistakes are inevitable, but how the staff deals with them are the true sign of the quality of a place and I was thoroughly impressed by Rose Tattoo Cafe.Mmmm yum. Fun little spot with great crab cakes and mushroom bisque. The wedge salad looked amazing too, and I stole several bites of different desires, all delicious!Been here about half a dozen times and each time found the atmosphere to be relaxing, the food eclectic and superb, and the staff always friendly and accommodating. Had a surprise party for a close friend here, with about 30 folks, and the staff remained one step ahead of all our requests!! .This place I awesome!  Great food, great service, great atmosphere. Not a lot of Cajun options in Philly but this would be great anywhere. Had a shrimp flatbread, lobster quesadilla, and jambalaya. All great. Also the apple cake for desert. Can't go wrong here.My family and friends hosted a surprise birthday party for my beau which turned out beautiful. It was a last minute event and the only venue that would accomate our party size. The food was excellent as well as the service.Rose Tattoo gets a 5 star review from me, not only because my birthday dinner was absolutely delicious, but because the the service was perfect.  With me it's the little things:  keeping the water glass full, being aware of the customer and knowing the best time to come over to ask if we need anything else, and most importantly, waiting until everyone is finished before clearing plates. She did all of this and I was practically ecstatic.  Even though there are some great restaurants that serve great food in the city I love so much, I feel like many waitstaff miss the little things. 
The Chilean Sea Bass was divine, the Coconut Shrimp was fresh and delicious, and the cocktail drink selection was so great, that I had to sample at least 3 (it was my birthday, after all).  
After our dinner, we loved the ambiance so much, we decided to hang out at the bar and watch the end of a long Phillies game. The crowd was great, and the bartenders were friendly and attentive. 
Rose Tattoo is a gem.Food was good, I had the Jambalaya which was good but not great, my wife had the crabcake sandwich which was really good. The decor is upscale. We were a little chilly and had lunch there at an obvious off time, had the bartenter as our waiter. The service was so so, but I would recomend it.While visiting The Barnes Foundation we asked directions to a different restaurant, and the person suggested that the Rose Tattoo (just 2 blocks away from where we were) would be a better choice. We are glad he made the suggestion.
We started with a rich mushroom bisque that was creamy, loaded with large chunks of various mushrooms and had a really deep flavor . Delicious. For main courses we had a crab cake sandwich (with great fries and coleslaw) and a beet salad served with panko encrusted goat cheese and pistachios. Both were excellent, and the prices more than fair.
Service was friendly and professional.
The atmosphere was really nice as well with lots of dark wood and intimate seating.
Overall a very nice place to have a mealMy wife and I have been going to the this restaurant for years. we go whenever we go visit Philly and we never had a bad meal. Great food, nice atmosphere and a fair price. To top it off service also outstanding. If you are in phillly make sure you try it out.Very satisfying experience. The ambience is classic with a diverse and creative yet comfortable  menu and extensive wine list. The signature drinks were unique and quite cutting edge.  Everything we ordered - shrimp and watermelon salad, avocado gaspacho, red snapper and jambalaya were all superior, and portions were quite large. Don't anticipate being back in Philadelphia anytime soon, but if I am, Rose Tattoo will be a "must go back!"I had lunch here yesterday with my work team after not having been there since,  gulp, (this will really date me)  going with former work colleagues to watch the outcome of the OJ trial !   You know how that went,  so no need to explain why I had bad memories associated with the joint. 
This re-visit was absolutely delightful.  Each one of us loved our lunch choice --  mine being a goat cheese and roasted beet salad ...heaven.  The server we had covered many tables in our area and was so incredibly attentive.   And,  we splurged for dessert and totally WELL worth it !   I shared a coconut creme brulee while 2 other colleagues shared a strawberry white chocolate bread pudding and could not stop groaning with pleasure.
With this lovely place being a stone's throw from where I teach,   I will SO be back soon!Stopped for lunch and was very happy with there Caprese sandwich and the banana pudding was ridiculously good! Service and atmosphere really enjoyable! Loved the decor and eye for detail! Definately going again:)I booked a reservation to surprise my husband. Our server was knowledgable, the soup was amazing, and the atmosphere is really cool. We were on track for a great experience! Drinks were a little lackluster, and dinner was disappointing. We ordered the filet and the salmon. 
Salmon says it comes with shrimp and crab. No. It comes with a single piece of shrimp, two cherry tomatoes cut into halves, and a crab so overloaded with red onion and scallion that it was like eating an onion slaw. I love seafood and have never had a worse crab! 
My husband said it best: this place has been here a long time, and it tastes like the food has been here a long time too. It's subpar wedding food, for $30/plate. Wouldn't recommend for more than a drink stop with so much amazing food in Philly.Everything on the menu is over priced by like $7...  I certainly don't think my $30 pasta tasted like it was worth that much....  It was good, just not great.After living in the neighborhood for a year and a half, we finally tried this place. It has a dated feel and the music reflects that. 
I had the baked lump crab for lunch with came with crostinis. My husband had a burger and fries. My dish was super yummy and I couldn't stop eating their fries. Wow! I asked the server if the fries were the same on the fish and chips dish and he said they were. Well, guess what, when I ordered the fish and chips on a return trip, they weren't the same fries!!! I was so disappointed but the fish was fantastic. They provided a bread basket on the first visit but not on the second visit. So, the experiences were a little inconsistent but service was pretty good.Came here last Friday with my Husband for dinner.   You wouldn't be able to tell from the outside of the building (which looks more like you are about to enter a dive bar) but the inside is really neat.  I'd come here for the atmosphere alone.  We had the calamari for our appetizer which I really enjoyed.  For our entree I ordered the tatoo pasta and my husband had the sea bass special.  My pasta was was good, exactly what I was in the mood for at the time.  Basically a pasta Bolognese but with mushrooms and rib meat added in which made it seem a little more special although it still seemed a little expensive for a pasta dish.  The portion was generous though I could only eat half of it so I had the rest to take home for leftovers!   If I had been in the mood I probably would have gone for something with a little more kick.  Perhaps I'll try their jumbalaya next time.  My husband's sea bass was cooked to perfection with a crispy exterior and the rest of it just melting in your mouth.  I'd feel very comfortable recommending this restaurant to others and would most likely come back myself.Tasty food. Friendly people. Prices reasonable. Accessibility was horrible. They have  a portable ramp that is too steep. It also hard to navigate through the restaurant. If it were more inclusive I would have rated 4 stars.Great character, awesome food, don't let the dreary facade of this building fool you - it's really cool inside!
This review is more for the bar side of the Rose Tattoo - I've been here before for dinner in the main dining area upstairs, which was good - a bit overpriced, but good.  However, last night I was surprised to find out they have a less expensive lighter fare menu over on the original bar side of the restaurant - comprised of some smaller versions of their dinner menu as well as some special items (think better-than-your-average-pub type sandwiches, small plates, lobster quesadilla!? yes please!).
We came in on a wet, rainy monday night so there weren't many people there.  This is the kind of place that you love to have to yourself - it's warm, well lit, somewhat swanky... in an old speakeasy sort of way.  Chandeliers, stained glass, wood paneled booths, artwork/photography from the early 20th century - very cool vibe. The music playing kind of threw me off a bit - just a bit too clubby for my taste, although the occasional Everything But The Girl, or Thievery Corporation track was appreciated. 
The menu was exactly what we were looking for - something light and not too dramatic - but still classy.  We started with the Farmer's Greens salad, which probably had one of the most delicious dressings I've ever had - a Strawberry Vinaigrette done right.  For dinner, I went for the Cuban Pulled Pork sandwich - Spicy Oven Roasted Pork Shoulder, Jack Cheese, Sweet Grilled Pineapple Salsa, Chipotle Aioli, Grilled Ciabatta.  It was insanely messy... but soooooo good.  I liked that they hollowed out the ciabatta bun... you don't see that too often.  My date had the Salmon sandwich, which was cooked perfectly.  Our waitress, who also happened to be tending the bar that night, was very sweet and attentive - she even split up the salad for us onto separate plates.  Great service.  Great food.  I will definitely be making regular visits here in the future.Stopped by for a drink after a long week that led to dinner as well. The interior certainly doesn't match the exterior. The drinks were great and the food was fairly solid as well. Above all the service was excellent.No high chairs and no boosters. Not kid friendly. Turned away very quickly.This is one of the nicer restaurants I've been to in a while.  I loved the decor, and the food was a pleasant surprise.  Looking at the prices I had a hard time believing that food could be worth that much, but it was.
I started with a nice salad with pan-seared provolone, and finished with a very good salmon.  I was too full to go for dessert, but they all looked great.  The service was spectacular and friendly, and I left a happy customer.  I will be back.lMy boyfriend took me for my birthday and it was such a great night. First let me start by RAVING about my dinner, I had the scallops and asparagus risotto that was so delicious, the scallops were cooked and presented beautifully and there was so much I had a full dinner the next night. My BF loved the steak, it was a bit spicy but advertised as so. I had to subtract one star for atmosphere, we were upstairs and sitting on the wall and didn't think the decor was much to rave about from our seats and we were awfully close to the couple next to us.  It was also a little pricey, $70 for two with no alcohol and just entrees and dessert. Would definitely go back but would probably sit in the bar where the menu is half the price and the atmosphere seems a little more lively.I love the look and ambience of this place. I'm considering bringing my bf here for one of his Valentine's Day gifts. I have been here about 5 times. 
I remember having Lobster Ravioli here before, but I don't think it's on their menu anymore!!! :(  It may have been a special. Anyway, I am a SUCKER for their CRABCAKES!!!  YUM!!!This is like Cheers for me, everybody knows your name, food is great and service is impeccable. I love Rose TattooThis was a spur of the moment decision to check out Rose Tattoo Cafe.  We always pass by the place whenever we get brunch at Sabrina's.
The host was nice and seated us promptly.  And the ambiance of the restaurant was interesting, almost like eating in an enchanted forest.
With an expensive restaurant, I always ask myself if the food was worth the price.  And I would say, "not quite."  
We ordered the coconut beer shrimp for appetizer.  It was good, portion size was good, best part of the meal.  
I ordered sea dive scallops as suggested by the waitress.  The scallops was delicious, but the risotto was too salty for my taste. 
For dessert, we had the creme brulee with chocolate sauce.  Very good. but not amazing.
The bathroom was a surprise.  Almost like a public school bathroom.  Didn't match the theme of the restaurant inside.  Dirty.
I don't think i would come back again...Food and service was good.. but...   I was dining with a friend with a disAbility, however, and accessibility was a major problem.I would go again.  Why?  We had reservations for four and were seated on time.  We were given preference with multiple seating options.  The Hostess was personable, and our Waiter was knowledgeable.  He knew the menu and answered all our questions with charm and humor. You will love the food, atmosphere, and experience.I really get excited about plants in restaurants. This place has a lot of plants. And wrought iron. Kinda looks like that place in New Orleans I went to that I can't remember what it was called because I had consumed one too many hurricanes. Lovely dim lighting, exuberant foliage, vaulted bar area with a balcony-dining area looking over the bar. Great ambiance without verging on that Disney overdone-ness. 
My friend and I grabbed a drink at the bar while waiting for our table. Normally beer drinkers, he ordered a martini and I ordered a gin and tonic, because it was that type of place. 
I was very happy that we ended up seated in the area overlooking the bar. We started with the flatbread of the day (mushrooms, gouda) and for entrees we ordered the jambalaya and the veal. Everything we ordered was above-par and the jambalaya was particularly delightful and I would go back just for this perfectly spiced and robust dish. 
I'd go back just to have a drink at the bar too. Classy, comfy feel. With all those lovely plants. 
This is a great first date restaurant. In fact I think every other table was on a first date so it was highly entertaining catching snippets of the standard get-to-know-you conversation.After reading the Yelp reviews and getting two separate recs from friends, I had high hopes for Rose Tattoo.  It failed to deliver.  Service was friendly and prompt, but the food was entirely mediocre.  Nothing bad, but certainly nothing special.  The ambiance is unique, and a nice break from the usual CC establishment, but at the end of the day it's all about the food.  I won't be back.I went here during restaurant week and got to try their best menu. Jambalaya is amazing! Must try for anyone who loves seafood. They have a great collection of deserts as well. The creme brulee was awesome! The service was a little slow probably due to restaurant week. Great ambience. Would definitely go back for the Jambalaya!!!I really hope the add-age of "bacon makes everything better" is true because if not this place is in serious trouble food wise. We went this past weekend and ordered a pretty good sampling of things and only one dish was passable.
But lets get the good out of the way first. The new decor is nice and the waitress we had was very attentive and nice. So no complaints there.
Ok back to the food. The first round went to the calamari, which was prepared very well so it was supple and not rubbery or soaked in oil from the fryer. The sauces with it were not great though. Honey mustard should never be paired with water breathing creatures. The marinara was weak and watery, the saffron dip was ok but could have been thicker so as to stay on the bits of calamari and not drip all over. 
I ordered the Caesar salad and it was terrible. For $9 I got yellow leaves of romaine that were browning on the edges and stale croutons. I know croutons are made from old bread but these did not taste right.  One dining companion opted for the mushroom bisque which was hardly a bisque and more of like cream of mushroom soup. He complained that it was nothing special and kind of bland and earthy in a bad way. 
On to the mains, I got the four cheese tortellini which were overcooked & broken open so all the cheese escaped with bland chicken thrown in a bland sauce. 
My fellow diners got the jambalaya and the gaucho steak. Jambalaya was mostly chicken with one shrimp & mussel in the whole dish. Also told it was bland. The gaucho steak was ok but nothing to write home about. 
So for the price tag we will not be venturing back here.Great spot for a date. More beer selection would be nice but not really an issue. Had the four cheese tortellini twice and it was great both times.I give it a very solid three stars. The food alone would be rated four, but I think it's slightly overpriced. I got the salmon which was delish. 
If you are looking for a good place to take your parents while they are visiting from out-of-town, they will be very pleased with Rose Tattoo (everyone at our table agreed, "My mom would love this place"). Not to mention the music, soft jazz and Michael Buble, kind of added to that feel as well.My sister and I were looking for a last minute reservation on a Friday. Thankfully there were plenty available at Rose Tattoo! The place is a really neat experience and the food was fantastic.  My only qualm was wishing there were a few more paleo -friendly options. I was pretty limited in finding something without dairy. But that aside was a great experience for my sister and I.I saw this place online and it came highly recommended. So I figured I would give it a try. I love the uniqueness off the building. It was cute, quaint and original. The style was beautiful and a wonderful cafe atmosphere. 
With the cafe atmosphere at hand it seemed like the staff had a cafe feel to their step. My time was limited and the staff was very slow moving. Took at least 5 minutes before he came to ask what we wanted to drink. Cafes are a mixed vibe because it's either slow paced or someone who wants to eat and leave. I got that it was a cafe but it shouldn't have taken an hour and twenty minutes from drink order to signed check to get me out of there. 
It was t very clean either. I got a plate that had crud on it and hair. The cup for my coffee had stuff on the rim and the food wasn't even THAT great. The coffee tasted awful as well. 
Staff wasn't very welcoming either, when we left the host was turned around texting on her phone. A bar tender texting on his phone, not a place I really would ever come back too.S-L-O-W service....and there were perhaps five people in the restaurant besides our group.  The interior reminds me of what I imagine the old New Orleans' French Quarter looked like at the turn of the century. Charming and lovely.  I ordered the fritatta, and later, the flan. Both were excellent, no complaints.Sometimes we find ourselves too busy chasing the next new-new restaurant that we forget to return to the City's classic treasures.  Rose Tattoo is one of those classics.  Beautiful New Orleans atmosphere with well-lit but romantic lighting and decor.  The bar is legendary and remains so.  Their signature "Elder Manhattan" was strong and welcome, with a nice touch of elderberry liquor.  For appetizers, a heavenly creamy but still textured curry squash soup and perfect grilled flat bread of smoked mozzarella, carmelized onions, and other goodies.  For entrees, I had the Jambalaya.  Cooked and spiced perfectly.  Very generous portion too.  Others had the scallops.  Pan-seared to perfection in a classic white-wine buerre sauce accompanied by sautéed spinach and smoked pancetta.  They only were willing to share a small bite, so that tells it all.  Don't skip dessert but definitely portioned to share.  The chocolate brioche bread pudding was out of this world.  Will definitely be returning to reacquaint our friends with this City classic.I've been here a few times and it's always since a pleasure. Great for sea food! Would recommend the jambalaya, scallops and sea bass if they have it. The sea bass was a special when I got it. Also the staff is wonderful and very down to earth.Solid dinner.  Decor was a bit tired, has a familiar feel to it.  Salmon with crab in lemon butter sauce was very good; ordered it on recommendation of waitress and wasn't disappointed.  Cream of mushroom soup was very tasty.  Would go back.We have been going here for years now. We have lived in the neighborhood, about 2 blocks away for many years. We went on our Wednesday night to the Rose about every three- four weeks. My wife and I go or we go with friends, the one thing that is always a positive is that it is always fantastic. From every single people that works there, everybody, to the superior food and drink at great prices, we will ALWAYS come back to Rose Tattoo. We went tonight for munchies and drinks. A great time, with great drinks and super food. Everybody should try it, especially mid-week, makes life go much easier. Really, try it, our yang gets better than our ying every time! Just kidding other than the place is fantastic, year after year.In town on business and stayed near by. Most of these reviews are spot on. It's a quality place. I had the jambalaya. It was terrific. Yep, jambalaya in Philly. Who'd a thunk it?Enjoyed the mussels and a bowl of the mushroom soup.  Great quality for the price, but save room for dessert.  They offer a wide variety of home-made treats.I had a business dinner here with work colleagues.  We were all from out of town so we booked a table here from a recommendation from the concierge at the 4 Seasons.  The atmosphere is cozy and the decor is pretty interesting.  The service was great as was the wine.  Their wine list isn't extensive but what they do have on there is pretty good and covers a variety of prices points.  The food was excellent and I would certainly eat here again.I hate to give this place a 3 star. Their ambience is great, but service and the food really sucked here. Our waiter barely came to our table to check on us. We had to keep looking for him and he was always found to be cleaning other tables. It was just very annoying to ask him for few things to go with our dinner or fill up our water glasses. 
Food wise: I liked their cocktails and their bread and butter. I ordered ravioli and it was gross. I couldn't even eat half the ravioli without feeling disgusted. The sauce felt like it was some cheap made sauce without any flavor in it. 
I don't think I'll come back here again.The food was good but not great. The decor is really romantic..perfect for first dates and couples.Five for a great birthday dinner experience! My boyfriend had accidentally written down our reservation as being half an hour earlier than it really was, but we were seated without a problem by Lauren, who was a great waitress--she was really nice, kept the iced teas filled, and provided awesome dinner recommendations. 
We were seated in a downstairs area off of the main bar (possibly because we messed up our reservation time?) but it was a really cute area, with nice mood lightning and hundreds of plants hanging in a courtyard-like area. The middle-aged ladies behind us were a little loud and ridiculous (and our table was more than close enough to hear every word) but that's a hazard of dining out I suppose!
As for the food... The bread basket had a good sliced baguette and some denser loaf slices as well. We split the pan seared provolone appetizer which is like a delicious, balsamic drizzled open-faced grilled cheese sandwich served on crispy, buttery bread. For dinner, I ordered the half roast lemon-thyme chicken special with apple and potato hash and brussels sprouts sauteed with garlic and onions and it was pretty good. The chicken had a crispy skin and was moist and flavorful. I prefer roasted brussels sprouts personally but these still had a good taste, and the garlic and onions were delicious--sweet and tender, whole cloves. My boyfriend had my favorite though, he ordered the wild mushroom ravioli, served in a hazelnut butter sauce with crunchy hazelnuts and parmesan cheese on top, and they were like... oh my gosh. The first bite of that was amazing! We were too full to try dessert, but everything in the pastry case looked delicious and sounded just as good (coffee creme brulee, lemon meringue cheesecake), and was all baked in house.
A little out of my price range for every day (entrees $21 - $33) but definitely made for a nice special occasion experience.Came here on the recommendation of a friend who took his wife here for Valentine's Day few years back. We dined on 2/13 since Saturday worked better for us.
The ambience was perfect. Very romantic. We got one of the best tables - on the 2nd floor balcony overlooking the bar. I'll upload a photo.
Our server was not the most enthusiastic and didn't make any small talk, but not a big deal. I overheard one staff member whining about having to go make something to another staff while putting my coat on, which I thought was a bit unprofessional to do in front of patrons. Again, in my book, not a big deal. Kind of amusing.
Overall, had a lovely experience, good food, and would return in the future.While this restaurant is undoubtedly a great destination all year round, I would really recommend it during winter hours when it's practically always dark and cold out. This would only enhance the contrast with the warm, bright, and - dare I say - magical interior of this beautiful restaurant. While you would be indoors, it might feel like you are sitting on a terrace outside on a summer night surrounded by candle lights, ornate fences, and picturesque plants. 
It turned out to be a great spot for my birthday dinner. The items we had included the mushroom bisque, the panko crusted goat cheese and beet salad, the Shrimp Tagliatelle, and the Gaucho Steak. While all the items were good (though the steak was a bit on the chewy side), the item that stood out the most was the Shrimp Tagiatelle - which was one of the most delicious dishes I've ever had. It included delicious jumbo shrimp on top of a bed of housemade tagliatelle pasta, tossed in a light white wine lemon garlic sauce. The dish tasted as beautifully as it was presented. I would return simply to have this dish again. 
Overall, my experience would have been 5 stars based on food and atmosphere, but the well-within-the-box lukewarm service made it more like a 4.5.Good old standby, had not been there in ages. Not much has changed, the menu, the decor, but that is not necessarily a bad thing.  My turkey ruben was delicious, the service was good, but they literally seat you on top of each other in the balcony.  In a neighborhood still waiting for more choices, this is still a good choice, but nothing particularly unique.I decided to make reservations for this cafe based on the photos of the upper level seating and of course the food. Upon arrival the hostess didn't seem warm, her walking us to our table seemed robotic and honestly I didn't feel welcomed right away. However we stayed because who cares, I was there for the food not the hostess. Some photos that you  see online may not be offered, I guess they add seasonal dishe. 
When the waitress arrived she had a similar attitude to the hostess. Very unwelcoming, also robotic, and off-putting. It was as if she didn't want to read the menu specials to us, I was practically anticipating an eyeroll that's how annoyed she seemed. On to the meal, the calamari had way too much salt, the rose tattoo "cocktail" was strong, the crab cakes were bland. 
The 2 stars are for the ambiance and upper view of the bar alone. In order to enjoy a meal here you need to have boring tastebuds.Only been to the bar here (can't comment on food). But the inside and decor is awesome. The location is convenient to the museums and Ben Franklin Parkway. Servers and bartenders were super friendly. Great drinks all around.So after philly.com's list of Must Eat list...friend and I decided to try out it...right from the beginning we were bit upset...since we both  hoping to sit on 2nd floor to enjoy the indoor garden...but our host told us that it was CLOSED..food was good though...although they advertised it as new american...it was more more like a southern cuisine that you would normally find in New Orleans...
So this is what we ordered...
French Onion Soup...friend seemed to enjoyed it. - B
Tattoo pasta - A
Pork Chop - B+
Jambalaya - B+
My 3 star rating is due to fact that we couldn't be seated on 2nd floor to enjoy the ambiance....But far as food goes...I will give 4 starsThis place is my little gem.
The Rose is easily one of the most understated places in the Fairmount/Logan Square area.
I've had people think it was a private home, a biker bar, and just about everything then what it is.
And what is it? A beautiful, warm, friendly restaurant with great food!
The ambiance inside is just perfect. It's quiet-ish, but not too quiet. It's cozy, but with enough room for everyone
The food is fantastic, and the wait staff is always friendly.
This place is one of those tucked away places that never fails to disappoint.We ate here after seeing how high a rating it had received on yelp and walking by a number of times
We didn't have a reservation but were seated immediatly.  The decor was extremely beautiful and the service was fantastic. For starters we got the bruschetta special and I ate through two things of bread also delicious,
My girlfriend ordered the mushroom ravioli and I ordered the baby back ribs.  The ravioli were quite delectable with a great balance of earthy mushroom flavor and hazlenut.  The ribs were considerably less impressive. Though presented beautifully over a salad the BBQ sauce was nothing special in flavor and completely lacking in presence. The meat was also much tougher than I am used to on ribs at places where the price is significantly lower.
All and all I loved most of my experience at the cafe but left feeling rather disenchanted having enjoyed my entre so little, which was a bummer as I can afford to spend that much on a meal so rarely.
I probably will not go backWe had our rehearsal dinner there, with some deep drinkers, and some picky eaters. All were able to find something to please them, from the delicious mushroom bisque, to the desserts. My mother and grandmother enjoyed their dinners a great deal, and the full tab was not too expensive at all. Service was very attentive, even in a room of 20, with one server. 
Couples that came said they'd be back--The Rose Tattoo is certainly worth it.Recently ate here on a weekday at lunch time and it was very quiet. We spent the first five minutes or so just astonished by how beautiful the decor is. The atmosphere is really lovely with all of the lush plants.
Our server was very attentive to our table. I got the goat cheese & roasted beet salad which was fantastic and very filling. The highlight was definitely the goat cheese, which was breaded with panko.
As a college student, I definitely can't afford to frequent here, but the salad was well worth the price and I would highly recommend checking Rose Tattoo Cafe out.Let me say, WE ARE IMPRESSED! Where to begin? Start off with the reviews that certainly lived up to their expectations. We were absolutely WOW'ed by the decor, the setting, the lighting, the music, the ambiance, the whole set up inside. It did seem to be quite the hidden gem, a surprise in fact! It was incredible!  We were greeted with a friendly and attentive waiter whom provided excellent service throughout. We started with pan seared provolone. Oh boy, talk about mouth watering. The flavors of sweet and fresh tomato combined baby arugula was impeccable. We then had salads which were made with detail and what seemed to be homemade dressings. Again, delicious. My significant other had the special that evening, Lamb chops and I had the Chicken breast followed with a side of brussel sprouts and butternut squash. Needless to say, we both cleaned our plates. Again, the waiter frequently checking on us and keeping our drinks replenished. Lastly, our desert. Bread pudding for him and black & white creme brûlée for myself. To die for! This was a our first time here, but certainly not our last. I absolutely recommend this eatery to all types and for various occasions. The prices are a bit higher as advertised and to be expected, BUT as always, you get what you pay for. I will continue to talk this place up and encourage friends and family to pay a visit. The owners are welcoming, friendly and proud - a warm greeting with many smiles.While you would walk past it if you didn't know it was there, this restaurant is wonderful!  Housed in a nondesript black building with pink accents, once you're inside you forget that this was possibly an eyesore.
The styling of the is New Orleans on one side, an older style pub on the other.  There are two bars, a balcony and cute alcoves to dine in.  I've taken family members here and its a wonderful go to if you can't think of anything else.
The menu is dynamic, and on my most recent visit I had a pork chop with a roasted apple sauce.  It was served in a cast iron pan, so the effect was great.  I've also had a filet there, and it was easily one of the best cooked I've ever had.  Writing this reminds me that I need to get back here again, very soon!I visited this establishment on a Saturday night.  I heard parking is difficult but were able to find street parking spot AT THE front of the door.  I made reservations for 8:30.  We arrived early and sat at the bar for a few drinks. Our table was ready at 8:30 and on time.  This was my first visit to this restaurant and I absolutely loved it the atmosphere. The indoor garden is amazing.  I ordered the Louisiana Spicy BBQ shrimp as an appetizer and that was AMAZING! For dinner I had the Scallops.  They were honestly the best I have had since I moved to Philly.  I was impressed.  For dessert I had the carrot cake and the Creme Brulee  .  The carrot cake was the best I ever had IN LIFE.  I will be visiting this location again AND AGAIN AND AGAIN.Went with a group of tea ceremony experts, and had a great time.  We enjoyed a seasonal flatbread appetizer, with good cheese and mild sausage, and washed that down with an excellent  bottle of Montepulciano d'Abbruzzo. Many of us had specials for entrees--deep fried softshell crab (a little heavy on the batter) and veal medallions (excellent), while one enjoyed a very good gaucho steak.  We were all too full for dessert, but had coffee, espresso, or tea to round off a pleasant evening.  We were seated on the balcony, overlooking the roofed patio below, and that too was a special part of the evening.Once again, Rose Tattoo fulfills our expectations and more. The food on our last visit was truly outstanding. My spouse had the roasted veal tenderloin from the menu. We think this is a new item, and the kitchen carried it off to perfection. Small medallions of veal mixed with asparagus, fingerling potatoes, spinach, tomatoes, and a chanterelle mushroom vinaigrette. Beautifully plated, and it was a visual and tasting delight.
I had the fish special - center-cut tuna with Asian vegetables and a spicy soup base. Yummy, the fish was tasty and cooked well, and the Asian flavors were divine. Their house salad has the basics plus wonderful dressings, and is the size of a dinner salad. It would be easy to do a Starter and this salad for a meal. I also recommend their Dirty Martini!
The ambiance - New Orleans with wrought iron railings and plants everywhere - is always a treat. The tables are far enough apart that conversation is easy; the music is subtle and appealing. Parking is easy.
We've used Rose Tattoo as a special occasion restaurant, although it is perfect as a neighborhood gem or a calm bar. We live in Washington DC so it is hard to get by often, but every time we're in Philly we go straight there for a meal and an experience that we know will be more than satisfying as well as comfortable. Helene and her crew at the Rose Tattoo are our recommended go-to dining experience.Had a nice lunch outdoors the other day.  I had the Jambalaya and it exceeded my expectations.  I make my own several times a year and I bow down to their interpretation. the staff was friendly and attentive.  RTC was the perfect needed break in my day of studies at CCP.  It might be a little too pricey for the typical student but since i'm a lot older and appreciative of good eats I would definitely go back.Pretty okay place. Flatbread - succulent. Scallops - left something to be desired. They were cooked perfectly but the combination of leeks and apple wood smoked bacon completely overpowered the entire dish. It tasted like cabbage and potato soup. The lemon curd cheesecake was so good. Smack your mom good. The sauce for the tortellini was weird, although my friend loved it. Might have just needed salt. Drink selection was nice. Love the unique cocktails. Bread, eh, it's bread. Small place, not sure how they would seat you when its packed. But nonetheless a little gem in the city. I was more than impressed by the servers spot on recollection of every single feature of the day, down to the wine and side dishes for each plate, including how they were prepared.This was a few years back, but I got a cellophane cigarette wrapper in my soup here.  To add insult to injury, all they did was comp me the soup when I got the check.  Skank move dudes.  Never go there.Beautiful restaurant near the Barnes.  They accommodated our party of 10 for lunch easily.  We had a nice waiter.  Aside from the quesidillas, all of the entrees were excellent. The flatbread of the day was awesome.  The jambalaya was excellent.  I would love to go back and run through the menu, not to mention the wine list.Rose Tattoo Cafe has the perfect ambience for date night or for a quiet dinner with friends. The waiter we had was very friendly and attentive. The food was served in a timely manner, and was delicious. I got the scallops, which I was quite pleased with. I would definitely go here again.Went on a random Wednesday for the first time and had a great experience. It was slow so our server was quite attentive. This isn't my normal scene (more of a pizza and beer guy) but it was a nice dress up date and my girl loved it. Fantastic salmon!The people are amazing.  And the dessert is consistently excellent. No matter how often or less often I come by, the dessert always makes me smile and they give me outstanding service.I was greeted promptly and made my way to my favorite seat, the bar. The barmaid greeted me as well and verbally presented me with today's specials. The decor and jazz music playing definitely sets the mood to unwind after an exhausting day. I ordered the lump crab cake sandwich, delicious.The place was dated, the bartender was also our server but he hustled the best he could. Food took a while to come out (45 minutes for entrees). Which is perplexing bc I saw a max of 6 tables occupied. Food was good. Expensive for jambalaya and some pasta and shrimp $28/ea. Probably won't be back.the first time i walked past here, the black brick and pink trimming exterior caught my eye from a few blocks away.  I actually thought it was a tattoo parlor for the longest time.  it wasn't till a quick peek in the window i realized it was a restaurant.  i finally visited the place about a year later, when invited to a free dinner here.  i loved the ambiance, it was gorgeous inside.  the service was great considering we had 2 tables, about 10 people in our party.  they only seemed to have one vegetarian option which was the biggest drawback for me, but the food seemed to good all around.  the dessert should definitely be split - all of them seemed to be larger than life.  a fairly intimate setting definitely worth a visit, altho a little on the pricier side for my student budget.Great food and friendly servers. 
Since it was right after the snowstormy days, the place was pretty empty and we were promptly seated near the bar.   We had German Riesling, Beer Coconut Shrimp (with salad) and Jambalaya. These two appetizers were amazing!  Definitely recommend this place for a cozy afternoon/evening. ;)Beautiful place. Close to the Franklin Institute if you're making a trip of it. I had the lobster bisque which was superb, lobster was a tad overcooked but there was a lot of it and better to be over than undercooked right?! For my entree I had the beet salad with baby greens, scallion vinegarette and fried goat cheese...OH MY DELICIOUS. So perfect. And dessert was a chocolate creme brûlée, superb. Wonderful waitress and German Riesling, it's definitely somewhere we will be visiting again soon!I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone who is expecting quality customer service and food. My friends and I went to this Cafe on New Years Eve. It was all of our first times at the restaurant. Our first encouter was with the menu. The restaurant only serves there "specialty" menu on NYE which increases the price of every entree times two which was NOT stated online. Despite the price we still stayed and met our waiter. Our waiter was very non informative about the menu to first time customers. She also came off very irritated and non friendly. Our group of 6 felt intimated to ask any questions about the food or menu. Once our food finally arrived the noodles to my shrimp Tal were hard and not cooked all the way, amongst other complaints about the food from others in my party my bill came to a total of $97 for too Shrimp Tal. platters and the only thing my date and I ate were 4 shrimp :( . Once the waiter came to collect our plates I told her we didnt like the food and she made a face and said " You guys ate enough of it". The total tab for a party of 5 with 18% gratuity came to $253. No one was satified or full from their meal. Very dissappointing, Ive gone to tons of restaurants in the city and this is by far the worst. I think the resturant should also consider what kind of people they hire as waiters and consider better customers service.Ooh!  I can't believe I forgot to Yelp Rose Tattoo.  It's an easy walk from my apartment so we've been there numerous times in the past 3 years.  Took my parents there, too and they enjoyed the meat dishes and tasty salads.
There are several dining rooms, but I love the bar which is canopied by green plants and flowers.  (There are 2 bar areas - maybe 3.)
From the outside RTC looks kinda like a biker bar - and it always looks closed.  It's not.
Inside - wherever you sit - you'll get great food and lots of drink options.
We really love the desserts.  White Chocolate 7 Strawberry bread pudding was a delicious special one night.  Really.  Try the desserts.
Sometimes I just get an appetizer and a dessert and I am FINE with that.
Can't wait to go back.This place is one of our favorites!  Anytime I am in the city and leave after 5:30, I feel I must stop.  Great food, large salads, super flatbreads and the BEST Creme Brulee ever!  I only wish you could get the black & white creme brulee all the time!!!!   Stop in, they have fresh made sweet potato chips and honey mustard dipping sauce at the bar.
ENJOY, this place is a hidden gem!Food was great: jambalaya, beet and goat cheese salad, and (vegetarian) spring rolls all very tasty. Wine pours were generous. Service was near-perfect: attentive without being pushy. The décor is a little odd and dated, but I can forgive that since I like all the indoor plants. It's quiet, romantic, a little quaint.We had a great dinner here.  Bottle of Pinot Grigio - seared provolone, mushroom ravioli and a baked char special.  The food was great and the service was excellent.  We were seated in the atrium and enjoyed everything from the time we sat down until we finished our meal.  Great experience.  Definitely recommended.The Rose Tattoo is an obvious place to catch a drink if you are attending a program at the Free Library.  The bar is dark with lots of wood and cool old Tiffany glass doors used as partitions.  I'd love to get the story on those. 
Wines by the glass are nothing special, and there was little on the food menu for vegans, but we were happy to hide out in the cool air for a bit.  The staff, particularly the blond hostess, were very nice.  It looks like there are a lot of regulars.  An atmosphere like this does not need a tv, but it is baseball season and it's Philly, so the game has to be on.
The dining room of this old-school place is something to see, open to the second story and filled with amazing plants.  The air must be ripe with oxygen from all the foliage!  The bar is in the middle and looks welcoming in the shadow of trees and vines, with skylights above.  Someone works hard to keep all these babies watered and alive to such a dramatic extent.  The tables in this area are behind old-timey iron fencing, kinda romantic and good for privacy.  There are lots of rooms off to the side, where they probably serve small parties.Do not judge this restaurant from the outside, the inside is so beautiful with all the plants and flowers. Also, the food is delicious and they give you a large amount.I came here with a large group for a work dinner. It was a Wednesday night so the restaurant was not that packed and we had the server's full attention. 
I had the beet salad as an appetizer - the server was sweet enough to give me half a portion so I wouldn't get too full - and the veal Milanese special which was truly made in heaven! It was a Flintstone-sque steak of veal with the bone attached, lightly breaded, on top of fluffy mashed potatoes and grilled asparagus. 
Overall the service was great and the food was incredible. Definitely glad this place is in my neighborhood.I had a party of 16 (including 3 kids under 9 years old) on Broad Street weekend.  It was fantastic.  My whole family was in town to visit and I was nervous about finding a place they'd all enjoy.  The service was great, and we were seated in a separate area so we had plenty of space.  They made food for the kids so they didn't have to order off of the menu.  My entire family thanked me for picking such a great spot.  Not only was the staff great, the food was excellent.  Not one person was disappointed.  Oh and the desserts: AMAZING
You should definitely give this place a try.I recently planned a graduation dinner here for my cousin.  Rose Tattoo was really accommodating and a pleasure to work with.  The food was a big hit - everyone liked what they ordered.  I think the highlights were the jambalaya and and the scallops.  The sea bass was a bit overcooked for my taste, but still well seasoned.  The service was also top notch.This place was recommended to me by 2 of my friends from Baltimore, where we are from. 
I havent been to Philly in awhile, so it was nice to have a place that was given the thumbs up in advance, as well as all of the wonderful reviews on Yelp.  
I have now been twice to Rose Tattoo, and each time was fantastic.  The first trip, I had the sea scallops.  Perfection!  The second trip, I had the salmon.  Awesome!  My boyfriend got the scallops both times as he couldn't give up having them again.
For dessert, the chocolate macadamia nut brownie with ice cream was fantastic.  The portion was huge, so definitely plan to share!
Service was great, wine selection was good, and the atmosphere was perfect.  It wasnt too crowded, so you could probably end up walking in at 7pm on a Saturday night with no problem, but we always make reservations just in case.  We will be back!Hubs and I were walking around the Fairmount area in Philly and wanted to grab a beer and a bite and came upon Rose Tattoo Cafe. Don't let it fool you, it is better than it looks,  don't pass it up if you're looking for something easy and not fancy.  Oh, but before I continue, you can pass up the restroom.  Outside of an airplane bathroom,  there is nothing smaller.... And it's dark.... And scary.
I digress... we opted to sit outside because frankly, inside looked like a dungeon. The area it is in is very quaint and cute so it was a good choice. Our server grabbed our drink orders and away we went. I wanted something light so I grabbed the caprese sandwich that came with cole slaw and fries. It was a generous portion so I ate half and boxed the other half. Hubs got a tuna sandwich. We both thought the meal was pretty good, nothing to write home about. Our server kept the drinks coming so that was a plus. If I were in the area, I would do it again, but probably just come for the drinks.Well the bad news is that we didn't have room for desert.  In some misguided attempt to try everything, we ordered four meals for the two of us.  While our intent was to take some home (we did) it just didn't go as it planned.  I ordered the flat-bread special as an appetizer.  Figured i would eat half and take the rest home.  It was too good.  I couldn't stop and finished it all.  Yes, that was gluttonous but it was just too tasty to stop.  Fresh guacamole, cheese and crab was irresistible!  I also ordered the jambalaya, which was also very good.  A little on the spicy side but very good.  Huge chunks of chicken, sausage and shrimp. I did take a little home.  MsD had a salad with shrimp which (she wouldn't share) looked very good.  She also had the spring rolls which was a favorite from before.  The waitress (Melissa) was very attentive and pleasant.   It seems like it should be hard to park here, but we've never had a problem. We parked close and realized there was a spot even closer.  This was out third time here, first lunch and it has never failed to hit the spot.  We'll be back, hopefully soon.I've never been for dinner, but I have heard nothing but good things.  
I have been several times for dessert and have not been dissapointed.  Saturday night, Valentine's Day Eve, we stopped in after an exhaustive search for some quality dessert.  The kitchen was closed but the owner was sitting at the bar and was nice enough to tell then to make us anything we wanted...major points in my book!
I had a chocolate/nut brownie a la mode and my boyfriend had something similar to a fruit filled cream puff.  Both were delicious and we were the only ones in the whole bar area on a Saturday night.   
The service was great and all the reviews are right, it is a perfect date place!
The bill was surprising for two desserts and two Irish coffee's but it was a perfect end to a great night out!The best around...still. There are so many new restaurants in Philly but this place remains one of the best. The service is always excellent, the food is consistently delicious, and the ambiance is cozy and warm. I have loved this place since the first time I walked in the door years ago. It is free of the pretentious attitudes of all the trendy new bars and restaurants around. The stick to the traditional values of great service with a smile, and terrific food to back it up .I'm telling you, stop in for a bite to eat, an excellent (and generous!) drink...you will be back.Probably the best place to take a date. If neither of you are vegetarian. You really wouldn't know from the name or the outside how pretty unique looking this place is in the inside. The bar area is delightful. Twinkle lights and plants-- so pretty. And there are these small alcoves surrounding the bar that are cute and make it feel intimate. 
My mussels appetizer was huge! Definitely could have split that. And my veggie friend ordered the mushroom soup which was bigger than what she expected. We also had the mushroom ravioli but there was so much mozzarella on cheese drowning it that poop could have been under it, it would have tasted great!
But in general, the service was SUPER slow. This place is surprisingly pricey. My cocktail drink apple cider sangria tasted like watered down white wine. I had the tattoo pasta as my main dish and there was a ton of meat in it, and it was good but not something worth waiting so long for.
I'd come back for some quick appetizers and standard drinks at the bar on a date.Wow... Don't let the outside fool you. This place is absolutely lovely inside- very romantic. The twinkle light bar and decorative iron bar archways lend to a cozy atmosphere perfect for enjoying a great meal.
We started off with the mussels. They were very fresh and the red sauce they were topped with packed a nice little punch of flavor.
Next, I had the crab minestrone soup special and my date had the mushroom soup. They were both good but the mushroom soup is definitely what I will be back for. Such delicious flavor, I was regretting it wasn't mine!
Last was the diver sea scallops for me, and the filet for my date. Both so delicious. Perfectly portioned. They let us sub out out sides for twice baked potatoes (I was craving one once I saw it on the menu with a different entree). 
Also, I also really like that everything is made to order. I am allergic to shrimp, which is in the jambalaya, and I asked if I could get it made with no shrimp if I wanted, and she said sure because its all put together at time of order. That's pretty cool because I know restaurants cut corners and will leave mixed stews and dishes like jambalaya pre-made and sitting in a pot all night.
This place was a win in my book. Perfect for date night, gentlemen. Note that down!I've been here before a while back, but just went recently for dinner and was pleased, overall. 
The service was good, our waiter was attentive and helpful, not overbearing. The food was good. Had the salmon which was cooked perfectly, but the whole dish was covered in butter (which freaked me out the next day when I went in the fridge for leftovers). Also, for the prices, there are many other restaurants that would compare. Entrees run from about 25-40. Nonetheless, the food is tasty.
The atmosphere threw me off a little, as they have a funky little dining room/bar to the left which is filled with fake plants. I'm really not a fan of fake plant life, but if your into that... To each his own. 
I'll probably be back, but it's not my first choice in the Fairmont area.From the outside,  you probably wouldn't look at this place and think "I want to eat there."  But once inside, it's quite cozy.  The bar area is amazingly restored with tin roof and deep rich wood accents.
We then moved into the dining space and the decor is a little different.  80s style black lacquer chairs, PLANTS everywhere, wrought iron work...  Romantic but a little dated.  However, the place was very QUIET which, as a parent of a 5 and 3 year old I found heavenly.  There was no hustle and bustle of a trendy eatery and for that I was thankful.
The food was excellent and I would definitely eat there again. I had the Fried Goat Cheese and Roasted Beet Salad (YUM) and an appetizer sized entree (Mushroom Ravioli, also delicious). I do wish the decor was a bit more current though.The Rose Tattoo exceeded all expectations for our anniversary dinner last week.  We started off with the Pan Seared Provolone appetizer.  It was delish and was much like a cross b/t bruschetta and a salad. Loved the balsamic reduction on the edges.  I ordered the Diver Scallops entree served with Asparagus Risotto and Baby Leeks. It was so good and creamy. No extra seasoning required on anything. Just perfect! My husband ordered the Duck with Plum BBQ. It also was delicious, though I was so consumed with my dish, I don't remember what his sides were! The server was very helpful and friendly. We ended the evening with Brownie a la mode with Macadamia's and caramel on top and a Coffee Creme Brulee. I highly recommend Rose Tattoo!We ate here in the 80's are more recently last year.  the food is still as good as it was then. well done, great presentation.I have a friend who used to live in Philly and has recommended this place to me. As it's quite a ways from the hotel where I stay, I had not ventured out to try it yet the last couple of times I was in town for work. However, Philly has unseasonably warm weather right now, so I decided to head over there last night for dinner.
The restaurant is tucked into a little corner and super cute. The vibe inside is very trendy and laid back. It was not noisy at all, you could tell just walking in that everyone was just hanging out, enjoying the food and having a good time. 
I started off with their field green salad... which had Amish Pot Cheese (think cottage cheese but more mild and not as creamy), Fried Capers (I've never had these before, but they were awesome, very salty and paired quite well with the creamy cheese), Toasted Almonds, Strawberry Vinaigrette. It was a huge portion and I was worried that I wouldn't be able to have my next course... until it came.
I had ordered the Pan Seared Provolone as my entree, off the small plates menu. However, it was not small, but huge!! It is an open-faced sandwich and is made by starting with Toasted Ciabatta Bread (I think this was cut lengthwise as it was a very long), Baby Arugula, (nice subtle spice), Grilled Tomato (these must have been heirloom because they were sooo sweet), the piece of Provolone (this was about 4-5 inches long and a good 3/4-1 inch thick, seared on both sides for a nice crust) and finally the whole thing was covered with a thick, tangy Aged Balsamic Vinaigrette. AHHHHH---MAZING! For such a simple thing it really did blow me away... and I ate ALL of it! I was actually very grateful for the long walk back to the hotel as I was stuffed!!
I would definitely come here with some friends for a laid back night (with amazing food) or just stop by if you're own your own. The wait staff was very friendly and accomodating!This place is amazing. I loved the atmosphere. The people we're really friendly and the food was absolutely amazing. 
This place really is a good find. Thanks for the recommendation Yelp!I've heard about this restaurant for years but ate here only last week.  The exterior is deceiving....standard corner Philadelphia row house.  Doesn't really stand out in this Fairmount neighborhood.  Inside is very inviting and cozy.  Actually for a row house, the layout is fairly roomy.  Six of us had dinner.  We ate on the second floor, in an atrium style room overlooking the bar.  Menu was fairly traditional but prepared interestingly.  Everyone enjoyed their meals and felt the service was excellent  I look forward to my next visit.We sat upstairs overlooking the bar, this place is surprisingly cute inside given how hideous the front of the building is. Food was decent but way overpriced for the quality, everything was just OK which is not what you want if you're paying $25-30 for an entree. We got the Tattoo Pasta and the duck special with jasmine rice and steamed veggies that just tasted like butter. Also had a pear cranberry tart for dessert that tasted too artificial. Service was good, but for the price there are way better options out there.One of Philly's many hidden treasures. Hands down one of the best bar and restaurant atmospheres in the city, one that you'd never guess from its humble appearance on the outside. Very unique cuisine...can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Its proximity to the Barnes exhibit makes it the perfect place to stop by for a relaxing dinner and glass of wine after touring.We went to Rose Tattoo AGAIN last night and man, was it ever good.
But the BEST part was dessert.  (They are now $8.50 a pop - but easily split by 2 people.)
Try the Paris Brest (yes, that's what the call it "BREST").  It's a puff pastry (very buttery - almost tastes fried but is baked.) split in half and filled with not-too-sweet whipped cream, home-made chocolate mousse and sliced straberries (no red gelatinous glop - thank god!).)
The whole thing is topped with a chocolate covered strawberry and served with a scoop of strawberry sorbet and garnished with chocolate and strawberry sauces on the plate.
SKIP DINNER - EAT DESSERT.  (Or order apps or sides - the side of Gnocchi is generous for $7.00)
LOVE THIS PLACE even more now.This was by far one of the worst meals I've had in a very long time.  I ate here a couple years ago and my meal then was delicious so when the boyfriend and I were late for our dinner reservation at another restaurant we decided to come here instead.  After tasting the food, I wish I had stayed home and saved the $100 bucks we spent.  
For our appetizer, we ordered the calamari which was nothing special.  It wasn't bad but it also wasn't amazing.  The dipping sauces that came with it was pretty good though.
Next I ordered the shrimp tagliatelle which was gross.  My first bite of the pasta, I instantly thought of "ramen noodles."  The pasta was undercooked, not fresh and the veggies were carrots and celery (yuck!).  The sauce was weird.  And lastly the shrimp (nice size) were not grilled.  Overall, the dish lacked flavor, the pasta was dry and the addition of carrots and celery was confusing.
My boyfriend ordered the rack of lamb that was the special that day.  Although his meal tasted better than mine, it was 3 stars at the very best.  The lamb was cooked to the correct temperature (medium rare as requested) but it lacked a glaze, instead it sat in a pool of sauce that was too sweet.  The worst part of this dish were the veggies!  It was sauteed spinach with soggy bacon and chopped up EGG WHITES!!!  Egg whites with your spinach???  I never want to try this combination again.
Needless to say, we will not be coming back.  With all the great places to eat in Philly, I won't be wasting me money here.I absolutely loved this place. The inside is so romantic and beautiful with all the lights over the bar. I made a reservation and asked to be seated on the upper balcony looking over the bar and they gave us the best seat. We did have to wait a little to be seated but they made up for it by surprising us with a free appetizer! The filet egg rolls were amazing and the calamari was good with little fried  jalapeños in them. My boyfriend and I both got the shrimp tagliatelle and it was delicious. I tried the Rose Tattoo cocktail and it was really good but a little expensive for the size. Overall I loved this spot, perfect for a romantic date night with yummy food.This place is really special. We had dinner reservations and were seated immediately and in the balcony overlooking the bar and other dining area. It has a New Orleans feel and the menu reflects that atmosphere. 
The food was excellent and the service was great. I think it's one of the best spots on Fairmount, if not one of the best spots in Philly.bery good dinning experience. i had been eating here for a very long time. Nice food good atmosphereI went to the Rose Tattoo for lunch recently, trying to find the good local spots in the area since starting work nearby. Overall I thought the food and ambiance were nice, but I don't think it was amazing or overwhelming. Maybe I just didn't order the right things.
to start, I had the iceberg wedge salad. The bacon was crisp and warm, which was a very good touch, and I like that the salad came already chopped instead of a big honking quarter-head wedge on a plate. The onion used had a good balance, but the dressing was very, very light. I don't like thick, creamy blue cheese dressing, but I do like to be able to at least taste it a touch, and it really wasn't present.
For a "main" course I had the calamari. Really, this $12.50 "lunch entree" was little more than an appetizer sized dish. To me an entree should either include a side of some kind or at least be a decent-sized portion. It was cooked well, not too long, and the breading was OK, but the sauces were rather plain and runny, and there was nothing unique, at all, about it. 
Outside seating is rather loud due to the location being next to a through-street in the area, so there were lots of trucks coming by and you sit on the small sidewalk. There isn't a cordoned-off area for outside dining like some restaurants.
Overall it was a decent meal, a bit overpriced by about $5. I can't say that I will repeat, but it's not impossible. With so many good places to eat in Philly, it didn't stand out to me.I went for dinner here with my boyfriend last week for my birthday. I feel as though the menu is overpriced for the quality of the food you're getting here. We ordered 2 appetizers, the grilled baby lamb chops and a half portion of the shrimp tagliatelle. Both were extremely small, pricey, and not very good at all. My boyfriend had called ahead of time to let the waitress know it was my birthday and to ask them to do all the birthday shenanigans. He was very disappointed when they neglected to do anything at all, despite having called ahead twice to confirm.
The ambiance is great and the wine was very good! But I would not recommend this restaurant.Delicious!!! Loved the jambalaya. The calamari was excellent too. The ambiance inside is peaceful. Highly recommended.Rose Tattoo Cafe embodies old world charm like no other restaurant in Philadelphia. It's halls are decked in holly and lights. Dark wood paneling accents the woodsy interior. Imagine having a bar under the stars in some remote Italian village - it's something like that. 
The food is as classy-rustic as the booths are charming. Try the scallops swimming in butter sauce for a surprising light treat.My favorite restaurant in Philly! Been eating there since the early 90's and never had a bad meal or service. I love the clams in white sauce (get extra bread to sop up sauce), the coconut beer shrimp (not on the menu but they'll make it for you if ask), and truly enjoy every entrée on the menu but typically choose one of the specials that change daily and are always delicious and interesting.  
I had my sons rehearsal dinner here 5 years ago. The food and service were over the top fabulous. My guests still talk about it to this day. 
The service is the very best. The owners, bartenders & staff are so friendly & professional. I look forward to eating here anytime I'm in Philly, and can pretty much guarantee you will as well.I have been here twice now, and both times were fantastic. I've only sat upstairs, so I can't really speak on any of the downstairs ambiance, but upstairs is lovely. I love the strings of lights and all of the green plants. At first glance it looks like it would be cramped, but it's laid out well enough to be surprisingly roomy. 
And the food! Everything was perfect both times I've been. The highlight for my dinner partner was the jambalaya, he really raved about it. I thought the mushroom ravioli were exceptional. We both had the crabcakes at one point, and while quite good, they were upstaged by the other things we tried. The creme brulee was standout also, Can't wait to go back!Rose Tattoo Cafe is overall a good place to grab some dinner.   Good food and service.
In order to have more variety, my friend and I decided to share a few dishes. 
Tattoo Pasta - good flavors, noodles were cooked well.
Pork Chop Special - meat was cooked really well, with a delicious bbq sauce, and a tamale on the side.  a good choice
Jambalaya - sizeable with sausage, ham, clam, mussel, chicken. I thought this was flavorful with a kick. 
The only thing I missed were some veggies.  All 3 dishes were meaty and pretty heavy.  Next time, I'll remember to order a salad tooMy new favorite restaurant. Inside is beautiful- we asked to sit on the balcony and it was quiet and intimate-- and lovely to see all the plants in the middle of winter. Bottles of wine were reasonably priced and the service was great. That was all enough for me-- but then the food blew me away! Can't recommend it highly enough.
*My boyfriend insists that I mention that we did wait half an hour at the bar to be seated, despite having a reservation. Mildly annoying, but not enough to lose a star!Romantic setting on a winter night.  The tables are allp ushed against the wall downstairs.  The noise level was low.  The food was excellent and the cocktails complimened the meal. Attentive service but not overbearing.  If I HAD to make a criticism.  A resaurant of this caliber should not have such dingy bathrooms, but please don't let this deter you from an excellent dining experience.  The mushroom bisque was very good.   I enjoyed the winter pasta.  It was just what I wanted.Boyfriend took me here on the day before Valentine's this year for their special Valentine's Day menu. We sat in the upstairs area, which is kind of like a little hallway that overlooks the main bar and seating downstairs. It's a little cramped, but even though the upstairs was filled, we didn't really feel like we were crowded. It was a tiny, tiny bit too dark up there, but still very romantic and relaxing.
Since it was a limited menu, we had to choose from a smaller selection than normal. It was still fairly well-reaching, though, and Boyfriend and I found stuff that we both liked. We started off with the bacon-wrapped jumbo shrimp in raspberry and horseradish sauce. That was probably the best part of our meal -- that sauce is AMAZING. I'd die to know how to make it myself. The only gripe I have about that is that it was probably $15 or so for 2 jumbo shrimp. 
Main courses were the southwestern steak for Boyfriend and the salmon for me. My dish was absolutely wonderful -- the salmon was cooked perfectly with a single shrimp on top and laid upon a bed of crab meat. It was surrounded by a light, buttery sauce and came with asparagus on the side. I don't even like crab meat and I cleaned my plate with vigor. Once again, the sauce kind of brought everything together and made it lovely. My asparagus was a bit dry from the way it was cooked, but it was something I could look past. Boyfriend's steak was cooked perfectly, but he was unhappy with the rest of the presentation. It was kind of just set atop a mush-mess of corn, potato wedges and way too much southwestern seasoning/sauce. Unfortunate. 
We finished off the meal with the macaroons -- strawberry, chocolate and raspberry, with complimenting sorbets in the middle and a vanilla/raspberry sauce down the side, decorated with little hearts. Very nice.
Service was fine. Not fantastic, especially for the prices we paid. Our waitress just seemed a bit distant, didn't go out of her way to explain anything on the menu, and was a bit peeved at my choice of the cheapest wine on the menu ($22 for a bottle of cheap , oily-tasting white zinfandel that I know for a fact costs $12 at the liquor store). She was nice, though.
Overall, a good experience.. I just wish they'd fix up the outside of this place. It looks like a shithole from the outside, and the name suggests that it's much lower-class than it is. It's like an entirely different, shockingly pretty world when you walk inside. They'd bring in many more customers if they just used some of the beaucoup bucks they make on their food and wine to put a new facade outside.Overpriced, not great food - but lovely atmosphere. 
For a $10 side salad that comes with tomato, I expected more than 4 cherry tomato halves (2 cherry tomatoes) and a teaspoon of sliced radish. The filet egg roll was NOT good but perhaps that's just my taste.
My impression is it'd be a good place to sit at the bar and enjoy the atmosphere but not to enjoy a meal.