I went in for a quick dinner before a comedy show. The location is nice because it's close to events and shops near Rittenhouse without being in a crowded spot. The interior is what you would expect of any bar-restaurant combo; I would like to add that they had nice big open windows which would be pleasant during the summer.
The server was very friendly and casual which was comfortable. Service was quick and helpful! The restaurant itself was very clean and new. 
I ordered for my drink the Casa Punetaza, the Poblano pepper for an appetizer, and the chicken tinga tacos for an entree. The drink was good and not too strong. I would be more interested in trying their margaritas next time I go. The poblano peppers although delicious were nothing special. They were easily something you could make at home. The chicken tinga tacos were and had lots of crisp lettuce added on. As a Texan, I would have to say the tacos were good but not great. I wish Rosey's would let you pick three different tacos instead of ordering all of the same type. 
I would recommend Rosey's for a quick and casual meal if you haven't planned where to eat in advance.The tacos were very tasty. More importantly, the chips were very tasty and crunchy. You could tell they were made in house. The Pablano peppers were a great appetizer and I highly recommend them! I had the Bistec tacos which were soft and flavorful. I highly recommend going to the hot sauce bar as well. On a bad note, the place was very load and difficult to hear.So happy that there's finally a decent restaurant/bar right around the corner! I was skeptical at first, thinking Rosy's would be just another overpriced food joint in Rittenhouse. But not only was it affordable (8 bucks for a decent margarita), but it was also delicious. The bf and I got the guacamole, which was some of the best I've had so far in the area and  not watered down at all, like I've seen in other places. The DJ was also on point, playing a mix of 90s dance hits. Definitely will be a frequent weekend spot. I hope more people discover it soon!What an honor to be the first review at this new local hotspot! A great ambience, complete with a full hot sauce bar of every fiery hot sauce imaginable. Nachos were an immediate win that left us scraping the plates for more -- sweet pickled onions and mexican crema really hit the spot. For dinner, we ordered chicken tinga tacos and sopes -- they were small but perfect for two in combination with the nachos. The margarita selection is eclectic. Service was a bit slow, but it may be growing pains.
The real win here is this: open till 2am, a rarity for tacos in the area.  Looking forward to many a nightcap here.Being that I live around the corner, I've been very excited for this to open in our neighborhood! I came here tonight by myself to get some dinner and wrap up work. I loved that I was able to get a table that was meant for one person and work, but I'd definitely come back with friends too. I got the chorizo nachos, they were awesome. My server was Alex O, he was wonderful! He was super friendly, attentive, and we had great conversation. I can't wait to come back and try tacos and margs!GOT FOOD POISONING HERE. Violently ill for 2 days from eating the tacos. The tacos also weren't even good or authentic. If you want real tacos go to someplace on 9th street. If you want food poisoning, go to Rosy's Taco Bar. It's too bad because I wanted a taco spot close to my house but this place is terrible.It is so loud in this restaurant; there is nothing absorbing the sound so everyone's conversations reverberate off the floor and ceiling, and the music is blasting. It is also very big; it goes back pretty far.
Our appetizer came out the same time as our entrees. We got sopes, but they tasted like cardboard - hard and flavorless. Our tacos were pretty good, but by the time we finished the sopes, they weren't as warm as we had hoped, and the tortilla wasn't heated up before (picky but important).
The service was slow, but I think they were understaffed and our waitress appeared to be new. The host stand is in the middle of the restaurant for some reason, even though 95% of their traffic is going to come from Walnut. The prices are very good. Under $10 for tacos, and $28 for a pitcher of margs; the menu is well-designed. We didn't get drinks this time, but I'll likely give this place another try to see how their margs compare to El Rey's.Truly think Rosy's has some of the best tacos in Philly!!! Catch me there for every #tacotuesday. I loved the tacos and the margaritas​. Can't wait to come back!!Checked this spot out last night w/ my girlfriend and I couldn't have picked a better place for our date night. It has a really cool setup inside with a second level in the back that leads to another bar hidden in the back..Candles lit everywhere made it feel super cozy and it wasJust dark enough to feel romantic but not like they forgot to pay the light bill. I love the red brick raw walls inside. I bet they spent a fortune making the place look unfinished.lol.. and I love it!
We were coming from a friends wedding so we had already eaten,but the sound of Korean BBQ tacos were to hard to resist trying... Now I'm not big on Mexican food outside of tequila but I love Korean BBQ and these jawns were so on point. 3 to an order which we shared but I could have ate 3 orders myself, they were that awesome. And they have a hot sauce wall with what looked like 100 different hot sauces we could choose from. Which is a nice change because usually you only get a choice of siracha, Tabasco, or red hot when you go out and I have that stuff at home. 
Our server Erika was really nice and friendly , and she knew how to answer all my menu questions. I asked her a recommendation for a drink and she made them all sound so good that I figured I'd start with the basics and get one of there flavored house Margarita's. Let me say, there is NOTHING basic about the house margarita.. Got it on the rocks instead of frozen but the slushy ice they used made it seem like a frozen drink.. which is rad. My gf is pregnant so I ordered a mocktail for her and even that was well beyond what we expected... 
I am really looking forward to seeing this place developer over time. I'm really hoping they use the place to do a DJ night or 2 there because the place would be perfect for that.. maybe some Latin/tribal house music or something.. If you are still reading this, you are wasting time.. Get over to Rosy's and see for yourself...This place is gonna be a big hit in the city.. Mark my words..I absolutely love this place. Been there 3xs now since it opened!! The ambiance food and drinks are amazing!!!! It's a must.. great to go on a nice day with the big open windows!The food was awesome. Got seated right away. Ordered their Nachos & Chicken tacos. Food arrived quickly, they served water without having to ask. Everything was reasonably priced with decent portions of food. Great service, highly recommend.We had no problem getting a table for 2 at 6pm on a Saturday. Sometimes they have fun events; they were doing face painting for dia de los muertos when we came. 
They seem kid friendly. There were a lot of families with small kids there, and I noticed they had plastic children's cups. 
The service was excellent and super friendly! We ordered the pitcher of margaritas. They were superb margs, and the pitcher had about 6 drinks. 
The large chorizo nachos were excellent! It's a lot of food, and they're super generous with the meat. The tortilla chips are substantial (nice, thick chips) and crispy. We did just that and one order of tacos and were good on food for two. The tacos we had were a daily special: brussels sprouts with sweet potato glaze, pasilla chile and apple bits. The brussels sprouts in there were fabulous! I recommend it if it's on special again!Stopped by around 8:50pm on Monday evening. Service was slow given the small number of people here, but the food came out very quickly.
An order of 3 Al Pastor Tacos- $9. They were good but I've definitely had better and more flavorful tacos elsewhere. I also found it odd that they used grilled onions rather than raw one, definitely negatively contributed to the flavor.
I also dislike that you can't order single tacos or a plate of 3 different tacos at the same price as a plate of 3 of the same tacos. You can do 2 with rice and beans for $9, but this is the same cost as 3 of the same tacos of many kinds. 4 pre-chosen different ones for $14 is also an option.
Overall a decent spot, but on my search for the best tacos in Philly, not the winner.Rosy's is amazing. I wanted tacos one day so I checked out Yelp and found out about this new place. I've worked downtown for a while so I get tired of the same things. I walked into Rosy's and immediately noticed the decor. It's nice on the inside and it was cold that day but it was very warm walking in. I ordered the chicken tinga, chips and salsa and a drink. Everything was great! I wanted more tacos but I had to get back to work. The only con is that they are only open for lunch on Friday. It would be nice to come in and get tacos every day of the week.Great addition to the neighborhood! Went to happy hour on a Wednesday night, and had no trouble getting a table for two. The happy hour is a great deal ($6 for 3 tacos!), and the tacos are loaded. They aren't the most creative or the best tacos I have had in Philly, however they are good and the price is spot on. We got an order of guacamole, two different tacos, and margaritas for $40. Our server was nice and everything came out fairly quickly.
Overall, if you are looking for a place for solid, consistent margaritas and tacos I would recommend!I came here for brunch on Sunday at 11, and really enjoyed it! My friends and I all decided that we would add it to our regular rotation. Two of all did the deal with 3 drinks + brunch + churros. I wanted Mexican coffee but they were out which I found surprising since they had just opened, but I know they're new and working out kinks with how much of things they'll need! I got mimosas instead which were regular ol' mimosas. I also got the breakfast burrito which was HUGE, delicious, and kept me full til dinner even though I couldn't finish. It was one of the best I've had! For the churros, I took off one star because they brought one serving of churros with 3 small churros for the 3 of us to share. We thought we should all have gotten one serving each of the 3 small churros since it was listed as part of the deal. This honestly may have been a mistake, and we didn't ask. The churro I ate with dulce de leche sauce was SO GOOD, and I definitely wanted more! I will definitely come back.The best nachos I have ever eaten in my life. The bartender is amazing and movie mondays are a classic. Great neighborhood bar!I went to this place soon after it opened and it is pretty great for cocktails or a light meal by the window. I got the chorizo taco and a cocktail, and both were delicious - but the food really didn't settle well with me that evening and the day after.  It's a nice addition to a neighborhood that is lacking in good mexican food.Luckily I went on a Tuesday's and enjoyed my tocos for a dollars a piece. They were all great,veg being my favorite and chicken my least. The sangria is very good and service was okay considering it was super busy!I gotta say, it was ballsy opening up a spot right next to Revolution Taco. It holds its own and really created an ambiance unique to itself. Rosy's has a tight menu that's full of appetizers, tacos, and tortas. They do it all really well. Service is on point. Rosy's also offers specialty tacos like Korean bbq, cod, and shrimp, but I think the classic tacos are where it's at. House margs also have a heavy pour compared to other spots.
The restaurant is very romantic; very very dark and candle lit, but I think maybe a little brighter would create more traffic; I thought it was closed when I passed by. Additionally, I don't get why the host is in the middle of the restaurant rather than the front. The food and the service is awesome, and I would recommend this spot to anyone that wants a nice marg and some no frills tacos.Food was great. Good salad, really nice queso. House margarita was pretty good. Too bad the bartender was too busy taking shots to pay attention to us. Asked a reasonable question about an allergy (literally "any nuts in this?") got ignored with no answer by the bartender and the food runner. Might go back in a year if it's still there.A new favorite in the neighborhood. Definitely the best tacos nearby by a long shot and a fun vibe. Brunch, drinks, everything is excellent.I'm visiting Philadelphia from out of town, and my friend and I stumbled upon this restaurant for brunch. We did the $30 brunch deal where you get a meal, 3 drinks, and churros. Both the food and the service were amazing! We got Huevos Rancheros and it was absolutely delicious, followed by an order of guacamole. The eggs were perfectly cooked and the guacamole was very fresh. I highly recommend both. Our waitress and the bartender were both highly attentive, making sure we were enjoying our meal and had plenty of mimosas. Next time I'm in the area, I'll be sure to visit again!Delicious enchilada. Friendly bartender. Super quick service. And $4 margarita. I'll be back.Rosy's is a great little spot. 
The ambiance is awesome and can be a place to grab food on a date night but also somewhere to do a Sunday Funday/watch the game. I've ordered several items off the menu and everything I had -  nachos, tacos, tortas - all were awesome.
I'm taking a star off because I think the service leaves a bit to be desired. I've been here a few times since they've opened and it's been inconsistent. Some of the bartenders and servers are great, and others seem to be bothered by any little request. 
Overall recommendation: check it out.Great selection of Tacos and much more with a great staff! Great for eating in and taking out! Josh was a great when I dined in with friends, and while waiting for takeout one night, a bartender by the name of Trevor was very kind and helpful. Rosy's is my new go to spot!Came here on Friday night. This place was very busy but they have a lot of tables in the back so we were seated right away. We ordered al pastor, carnitas and cod tacos. They were all pretty good but the portion was quite small for the price. Our server was a bit slow.I literally drive 40 minutes for takeout here from Jersey.. it's that good. The food is always ready right when we walk up to the takeout window, and the food is still warm by the time we get home j dont even need to warm it up!! Idk how you can leave anything less than a five star review, the food it perfect every single time and the employees are always so chill, friendly, and accommodating. The drinks are 10/10 even to go. They now have indoor seating but their heated tent is still set up which is nice. I don't even like nachos but theirs are truly something like you've never tasted before i can promise you that. I cant wait to dine in here once covid is cleared up and try the food fresh!! If you're trying to decide between this place and somewhere else.. stop your search here, this is easily the best taco joint in Center City. You're welcome.
Ps. Sorry i didn't include any photos my food is gone within five minutes of looking at it. Presentation 10/10.This was probably one of the worst brunch experiences I have ever had and one of the weakest responses from a manager. I hosted a 15 person brunch for my husband's birthday at Rosy's Taco Bar and they were clearly incapable of handling a crowd for brunch service. 
We made the reservation  a week in advance and two days before I called again to confirm and to inform them that we needed one high chair. I was told this would be no problem and we would be seated at a low top table to accommodate the high chair. When we arrived at 12:00 pm for our reservation we were taken to a high top table with no high chair. The manager immediately said he had not been informed of the high chair and it was too late to switch us to a lower table. This would be the first of many times the manager made an excuse to avoid taking responsibility for an issue. There were too many issues to outline them all, but here are a few:
- We sat for 30 minutes without even a glass of water or any server coming up to us. I had to ask for a waitress to come over so we could get waters and coffee. 
- We sat for 60 minutes without any food or offers to refill our drinks.  I had to find the waitress to ask that our water glasses be refilled. 
- There were several systems issues related to all the delays (i.e. no clean mugs available which delayed the coffee, lack of silverware available, being told that the decaf coffee carafe was actually not decaf and just labeled that way) 
- The communication from our server and the manager was so poor and every time we asked for something we needed, we were given a laundry list of excuses for why it couldn't be done. The most frequent excuse was 'sorry we are busy today.' They seemed to be as full as a typical Sunday brunch place.  Clearly this establishment doesn't do well when it actually has customers. 
- The manager attempted to 'make good' by offering us a free round of tequila shots - not really appropriate given the vibe of the event and the guests (he wasn't great at reading the room especially because I am currently pregnant). 
- We ordered a single scrambled egg for the 10 month old that was present. The baby's mother asked if that could come out first while the rest of us waited for our meals. The waitress listed several reasons, related to the kitchen, why the egg could not come out first. Then, not only did this single egg not come out early, it was the last thing to come out after all the full meals had been served and after the final three delayed meals came out. And we had to ask about it multiple times. 
- Several people in the party ordered the price fix menu and the waitress had to be reminded to take orders for the drinks that were included in the package. 
- The food was so slow to come out that several guests had to leave before the dessert (which was included in the package they paid for) came out. Ultimately only one dessert order came out despite the fact that 12 of us ordered this package. 
- The waitress was clearly frustrated with the disorganization and lack of set-up she needed to do her job, but this translated into taking an attitude with people in our party and not taking responsibility for her role in the lack of service. 
I had to approach the manager several times during the meal. I asked the waitress to get him and she said she asked him to come over on three separate occasions but he appeared to be avoiding our table. Ultimately, after telling him that this service was inappropriate and unacceptable he agreed to adjust the bill. It didn't change the fact that it had soured the mood of my husband's celebration.  It is too bad because the food was actually good - when it came out and wasn't cold. 
If this place wants to be successful, they have to work out a lot of kinks and really improve their communication, with each other and with customers. I do not recommend this place for large groups. They really just can't handle it and were not open to feedback.Everytime I come here I feel like I am passing a Kidney stone when recieving the bill. 
Camarones Tacos- Jumbo shrimp, pickled jicama, cotija cheese, and crispy garlic. Three per order. THESE ARE NOT JUMBO SHRIMP. I REPEAT THESE ARE NOT JUMBO SHRIMP. Taco taste like a flour tortilla loaded with odd tasting cheese.
Chips and Salsa - $8 for chips I paid and the chips were stale as hell. I am a lover of chips but even at this price point no matter how good they are they do not justify that amount and I stand by my original review that they should come free in any Mexican restaurant.
Tequila - I paid $30 for there smallest order of Margaritas which serves four. It was premium Tequila which is $6 extra but this bill came out to over $60 with a tip for take out.
ONLY COME HERE FOR HAPPY HOUR or if there is a current pandemic and you have no way of getting hard liquor due to liquor stores being guarded and rationed like fortresses securing national treasures.
1 Rosys Classic Margarita Pint $7.00
 Premium Tequila $23.00
1 Camarones Tacos $13.00
1 Tres Salsas $8.00
Subtotal $51.00
Tax $4.08
Tip $5.00
Total $60.00Everything was fine until they charged us 18% in taxes. Manager couldn't explain why, and said there was nothing that they could do. They did not apologize.Everything was amazing! We had the veggies tacos, chicken tacos and chicken nachos. Soo good! The fusion of cheese and refried beans on the nachos was absolutely perfect. Margaritas were delicious AND the service was fast and friendly. I will be back!Went to Rosy's a few weeks ago for happy hour and was very pleased. Although busy, there was only a 5 min wait. Ordered tacos, nachos, queso, churros and margaritas. Everything was delicious!! I will definitely be back for another visit.Nachos were superb! House margarita was above average! Corn salad was perfectly spicy! Hot sauce bar/Wall was everything!! Will definitely be back for more on my next trip in Philly!I love this place. The drinks are great and the prices are reasonable. I recently came here for brunch and was pleasantly surprised to find out they have a killer brunch deal: $30 for 1 entree, 3 drinks, and churros. Really can't beat that! Their happy hour is also awesome. Can't say enough good things about this place!Loved the spicy Marg, great bartender and phenom playlist.  Looking forward to checking out the food next time.  People looked happy and food looked good.Shortly after I arrived in Philly over this past weekend, I used Yelp to locate food closest to the 30th Street Station. I love tacos, so figured I'd give the place a try. Very cute spot, awesome service, and delicious tacos (I chose the Chicken Tanga). I also tried the fruit punch frozen margarita. 
I need Rosy's to bring its talents to DC. Thanks in advance!Big fan of Rosy's in west Center City (North Fitler Square?) and have come here quite a few times since it's opened. They have a great happy hour that offers cheap tacos and discounted margs, which are solid! The guac is also really good and they give out a decent portion. We usually end up needing more chips, which is a good problem to have! Good service, good prices,good ambiance. 
The inside is deceptively big as well. You can't tell from outside, but the majority of their tables are in the back along with a whole other bar.Excellent margaritas! This place was perfect for a last minute happy hour. Chips were crunchy and fresh and the queso had a nice kick to it. I would definitely come back here for a meal.Had a wonderful time! Food was fresh and beautifully presented, the service was friendly and very helpful. Our server was patient and knowledgeable about the ingredients in the food offered. We had a reservation for seven people. Only five in our group were able to join us. The Manager made us feel most welcome and rearranged our seating so that we were most comfortable!! Definitely will be back! Margarita's were delicious!3.5/4 stars: The service was average but the food came out very quickly! We ordered drinks, nachos, churros and chicken and chorizo tacos. Everything was pretty good except I thought the chicken tacos were pretty bland.Best tacos ever. Also the fries were amazing for some reason. They're just regular fries, but they're so good and they come with a chipotle mayo dipping sauce. The decor is cool and this would be great for a date night. Try the churros with chocolate sauce for dessert.Stopped here for some tacos and margaritas! We got the carnitas tacos, and WOW...they were so good. The meat was juicy, tender and flavorful. Some of the best tacos I've had in a while. My blood orange margarita was also delicious. When I'm back in Philly, I'll definitely come back to Rosy's Taco Bar.We went here for the first time last night. The atmosphere is great and the food was even better. We had the nachos with chicken and carnitas tacos which were to die for. The frozen house margarita was one of the best I've had in a while. Took off one star because our server, Carlos was condescending and disappeared during our entire meal only to show up at the very end and say "sorry I couldn't be here."  Not sure what that even meant but if we get better service next time then this place is perfect.I stopped by Rosy's after work one day on a Friday and caught their happy hour deals. A group of us ordered nachos and a pitcher of margs for the table. Nachos were good, but nothing crazy. I had the carnitas and al pastor tacos and they were very flavorful! I especially enjoyed the al pastor tacos. Loved that they had a hot sauce bar area to choose from. Also had the churros for dessert with the option of a warm caramel or chocolate dip. I was surprised at how big and spacious the place actually is. I'll be returning to catch one of their other weekday specials!Nothing bad to say about Rosy's! The service here has always been great. The food is tasty and I love their guacamole. It is definitely worth the ten dollars. I go to Rosy's for their happy hour tacos and guacamole. It is a really cute place with awesome food. I would definitely recommend this taco joint.This place is amazing ! The food is phenomenal (especially the nachos) and the mango margarita is delicious. The decor and vibe is so dope.Trevor was so friendly and so accommodating. 10/10 would recommend.Food ok, service a deal breaker. I have been there twice since it opened. Both times the service was slow, and the second time it was painfully slow. It was a quiet evening, only a couple people there. I really wanted to like the place but when all you want is a beer and a taco, how long are you really prepared to wait?So we went here on a random date, and honestly wish we didn't. I had the tacos and was hospitalized with food poisoning. :) super overpriced for what it is, will never being coming here again, and not sure if I ever want to eat another taco because of them. Super disappointed and extremely sick.Rosy's you have become quite the staple in my foodie life.  From $1 tacos on Tuesdays, in general an awesome HH M-F, and the weekend brunch which is the best value in the city ($30 - entree plus 3 drinks); I am not sure why you don't have lines around the corner. 
My favorite options from the menu:
- Brunch: breakfast tacos
- HH - nachos
- Dinner - chorizo tacos and plantains 
Looking forward to tackling the remainder of the menu and making it to one of your trivia nights!Came here on a Monday relatively early before Monday Night Football and this place fills up pretty quick!
Started with there Monday special $4 margarita pictured below and it was pretty good for the price point. Ordered the Alambae, comes with chopped steak, pork chops, bacon, onions, white wine sauce, cheese...yes quite alot. It is the most expensive item on the menu at $18 but as far as the item itself very good. The flour tacos that come with how so cute too! Look how small these frickin things are ( great for the person cutting down on carbs). You can ask for more flour tacos for no charge was my understanding as well as they are not pricy to make.  So why the three stars?
No chips to start out? No salsa with the meal? C'mon. These are staples. And as I was eating my meal throughout the meal I kept thinking dam this needs salsa but with the crowd filling up and not wanting the food to get cold I pounded through this meal sans sauce and tacos :(
I would come back for happy hour but also have many more Mexican restaurants to try in Center City and the surronding area.A nice treat for brunch. I went here with a gf for brunch and we both selected the special, 3 alcoholic drinks, an entree with a side of churros for $30. We both opted for a burrito and it was delicious. The drinks however weren't great. The mimosas were pretty much just orange juice and the margarita I was served was extremely salty. I would return for food but doubt I would spend a ton on drinks.Amazing tacos and margaritas, service for delivery from caviar was missing an item and they made it right immediately. Great people and consistently amazing food. Tough to find spots like this!Ok to start off the house margaritas are amazing and STRONG!  I had 2 for happy hour and that was enough. They also have a full hot sauce bar where you can pick your own sauces. I tried 3 and loved them all. Food was decent. The place is pretty big and I think you can reserve the back for private parties.Rosy's is the BEST place for tacos near Rittenhouse. The ambiance is great, albeit a little loud, but their food and house margs can't be beat! Their Friday night special for a $15 margarita pitcher is the perfect excuse to head there this weekend.I love this place. Atmosphere is great. They have a bar in the front with seating and then regular seating the back. The margaritas are great and so is the food. I've gotten pretty much every taco on the menu and they're great. My favorite is the Al Pastor. The corn...THE BEST EVER. My friend and I come here for the corn. Highly recommend it!They have a great Chips & Salsa starter. It comes with 3 types of Salsa & lots of chips. But the real catch is the margaritas. They have the best Blood Orange Frozen Marg. It also has a great atmosphere with indoor and outdoor seating.Working nearby, I think Rosy's is going to become a new favorite Happy Hour spot for me and my colleagues. The deals are great--$25 for a pitcher of traditional margaritas on the rocks, which came out to about 8 drinks. We also split two orders of tacos ($6 for 3 tacos) and an order of chips and queso. The chorizo tacos were amazing... super well-seasoned and fresh. The chicken tinga tacos were just OK... they needed more flavor. Chips were fresh and tasty, and queso was solid. Our waitress was super friendly and attentive, and the vibe inside Rosy's is cool and quirky. I'll definitely be adding this into my rotation and looking to sample the rest of the menu!I went to Rosy's for the first time for dinner, and I really enjoyed the atmosphere and food! The restaurant itself is a lot bigger than I thought it looked from the outside. There's a bar in the front, and then lots more tables as you walk in the back. We easily got a table for two on a Thursday night. 
We were really indecisive, so we asked our waitress for her suggestions, all of which we ended up ordering and really liked! First, I ordered the pineapple margarita. I think it was my favorite flavored margarita, having only tried the blood orange and original flavors.  It wasn't too sweet and you could really taste the pineapple. We then ordered the chips and guacamole, which were really good and a perfect portion for two! We shared the steak and al pastor tacos. I liked both, but the al pastor tacos with pineapple were my favorite! This surprised me, since I didn't think I would like pineapple in my tacos. 
Finally, we ordered the churros, which were a must-have! They were so good and warm. I think they use dark chocolate sauce, so I ended up liking the caramel sauce the best!Below average food. Upcharged on simple things. Poor selection. Much better Mexican places in the city. No need to go here.Really great neighborhood spot! I'm not a huge tequila fan, but I loved the fresh pineapple margarita. I also really enjoyed the "Coreanos" tacos (Korean-style short rib, guajillo chili paste, kimchi, radish, and chipotle mayo), though the meat was maybe a touch over-cooked. My friend and I also split an order of chips and salsa; they bring you three different salsas of different heat level. I appreciated that they offered more chips after we made our way through one basket! Service overall was great, quick, and attentive.I had delivery from Rosy's twice now.  Everything both times was fantastic!!!!
Tacos, rice n beans, guacamole, frozen plantains ......yummy!!!!!We went to Rosy's on the recommendation of a neighborhood guy so Rosy's is definitely finding its market. For us it was just too loud. The group at the bar had been there for hours and their volume was stunning, even for a place with "bar" in its name. It didn't work for us. 
The nachos were quite tasty and great ratios of toppings.  If there is something you don't like (raw onions, sour cream) pay attention. All the tacos had chopped raw onions.  
Our server was good and friendly. 
The tacos were filling. It would be fun if one could get variety rather than three packed with so much of the same meat.I want to really love this place, and give it 5 stars for delicious food, but delivery is seriously the worst. I've ordered from Rosy's a few times, never ate-in, and only on once has my order ever arrived when expected. My go-to's are the shrimp & fish tacos, plantains and churros; all of which are amazing. Just be prepared to wait... and wait... and wait some more.This place has a GREAT happy hour! Pitcher of Margaritas for $25 and $5 queso with chips! Def give this place a try! It'll be well worth your time and moneySuper pumped to finally try this place and man was I disappointed. For a taco bar they had the wackest fish tacos. Boiled cod? No thanks. And the plating was just poor. The nachos were great so I do recommend those. 
Now for the worst part- the service. First of all, you walk in the front door to a sign that says walk around the bar to be seated. Ok. Fine. Then we get seated. The chairs are not made for people with asses but that's not necessarily their fault. Ok so anyway our server didn't come over for a long time. When someone finally came over, the person (who was a server in training) basically slammed the water down and walked away. Ok. Then we wait. And wait. Finally the server comes over and doesn't introduce himself or the server in training and acts annoyed that we are going to order. Looks down at the thing they use to put the order in electronically the whole time. We ordered nachos with guac and fish tacos. After a short while someone tries to give us chips and guac. We say no it's nachos and guac. About five mins later, same thing happens. About ten mins later our food comes. As you read above- nachos yay, tacos NAY. Server come to check on us in passing. Then we wait some more. We've finished. We're so mad that we're spending beau coup bucks on meh food and drinks. Oh yeah my marg was fizzy. So then my favorite part. The server finally comes over and laughs about how twice they tried to give us chips and guac and how we should have just kept it and had a nice treat. REALLY DUDE? You see something happening and you just ignore it until the end when we're paying. He was all buddy buddy when the card came out. 
All in all we were super disappointed and will not be back. The nachos were good (hence the second star) but the experience was poor enough for us to stay away.WOW what a steal! We came here to try a new Mexican place and will absolutely be back. It was brunch which included a deal: $30 for 3 drinks, a meal, and churros. Our server/bartender was awesome answered all of our questions and made alterations to the menu for my friend who is a vegetarian. The atmosphere is great and margs are strong. 10/10 would recommend!Honestly, this a hidden gem. I came here for the first time on a late Friday night looking for anything that appeared delicious and was still open 12AM. Their tacos are delicious-yet over priced. However, they do have $1 taco Tuesdays which is unheard of. The drinks are also delicious.Food was good. Nothing exceptional. Did like that nachos were available in a small portion. House margaritas were very light on alcoholBooo! Go for drinks but steer clear of the food. 
I was looking forward to trying this place but I was so disappointed. I went to celebrate cinco de mayo with some friends. The margaritas were good and there were a lot of different fruit mix ins and specialty cocktails on the menu. Strawberry, blood orange...drinks with mezcal etc. ceviche was boring and lacked flavor. It would have greatly benefited from more lime. We also had tacos - carnitas and al pastor. Both were over salted and overpriced. The carnitas didnt taste fried and oily and crispy like a traditional Mexican restaurant. 
It may be good for those who like Americanized Mexican food, but not for those who like to hit up authentic down and dirty taquerias.Cute new spot in rittenhouse! They finally decided to do something with the space that used to be the Roosevelt bar, and what an upgrade! The restaurant is spacious with plenty of seating, and has the fun but still dark and intimate vibe you'd expect from a taco/margarita joint in the city! Came here with a girlfriend on a Friday and chatted the night away over blood orange margaritas, guacamole, and tacos! The guac was delicious and came in a sizable portion, and the chicken tinga tacos were outstanding. Favorite part of the place is the self-serve wall that shelves nearly every type of hot sauce you can imagine--although my go-to for tacos is always valentina! It's not a cheap joint but what I would expect from Rittenhouse--got 3 margaritas, 2 orders of tacos, and guac all for $70!Great happy hour tacos & drinks! Would definitely come back. Tacos are small so load up.came here on Taco Tuesday with a few friends and we had a great time! We all got tacos, I got the shrimp and chips with queso. Everything was amazing & the margaritas were great! The bartender Josh was amazing! I will for sure be coming back here againI went on a Tuesday (dollar taco night) so consider this review biased - but the tacos were terrific. Would've had no problem paying full price. Bartenders were friendly. Has a fun, casual atmosphere. Open late (till midnight) for the late night craving if you live nearby like me. Will be backI've been here a few times for tacos which were decent enough to lure me in to try their brunch offerings. 
I would rather go through a three year drawn out divorce than eat their divorced eggs again. The avocado slices were brown and gross. The sausage looked funny and didn't taste great. (I loved the way they cut the sausage, it gave me a good giggle) overall the dish was very bland and lacked any sort of substance. 
The tres leches French toast was okay. They probably shouldn't have gone with such thick slices of bread. The custard in the center was a bit cold and runny. 
Our waitress did not come by to check on us or refill our water until we were done eating and ready to settle the check. 
I still believe the tacos here are decent. Avoid brunch foods here.As a new resident of Philly, Rosy's was a great find. I love the daily specials and events, specifically there trivia nights. The host is great as were the associated specials! I had the chicken tacos and queso, both were delicious.
I can't wait to come back for another trivia night!We were searching for a new more chill place to get food post happy hour! As a dedicated helper, we happened to stumble upon Rosy's! This place is a treasure between UC and CC! The inside is actually quite spacious and well decorated. We ordered fantastic margs and some papas fritas to start out! We then ordered al pastor and el pescado tacos! The fish tacos were absolute fire! The softness and freshness of the fish had me craving for more! The al pastor tacos were well flavored and fresh as well! The tacos are easily enough to get me to come back to this place! Glad we discovered this place :)Food is above average, but service left something to be desired. Came here for Sunday dinner. We had a reservation and were seated immediately, but waited over 25 minutes for a server to come to our table or even get water. The most frustrating part, was another party who was seated after us had a server come to their table immediately. 
Once we were able order, our food came out fast. The esquites we got as an appetizer was definitely the star of the show! The tacos were also good, a bit on the smaller side, but flavorful. I would definitely recommend getting an app to share with the tacos, otherwise you might not leave full. I would definitely come back to give this place another shot, hopefully the service is a bit better the next time around!I ordered Rosy's for the first time for delivery tonight. They did not disappoint! Their tacos are the bomb. I had the al pastor and chorizo tacos. I also got the steak quesadilla. I am impressed. So much flavor. Excellent portions and price. I will be ordering from them soon!Stopped by this corner restaurant and immediately felt it calling my name. COVID-19 has many places offering outfoor seating now like this place and carry out orders through a window. There was a wait for a table so we placed an order to go. Just a quick snack before dinner. Chicken Flautas and Papas Fritas. Let me tell you, I wish ordered 2 of each or more. The Flautas were so flavorful, crisp tortillas, delcious chicken, and fresh lettuce and avocado topped with crema. The papas fritas came with an amazing chipotle mayo, ketchup, and a green spicy sauce. Will absolutely be back and order much much more. Carry out order are very easy and fast. Food was hot and fresh. Impressed, I am a fan.Great spot for an impromptu happy hour with my coworker. First of all the space is much bigger than I realized. There's bar seating in the left, tables on the right but then there's a whole other dining area in the back. We opted to sit outside on the side of the building. This place definitely has space for large groups. 
Now to the food and drinks!! NACHOS FOR $5?!?! For happy hour it was a big enough to share for two people; for a meal, you'd want to order one per person. The margaritas were pretty good as well. I'll be coming back again for sure.Great food! Good prices. Has a fun atmosphere with great happy hour specials (even though we were there too late to partake) the guac was very good and fresh. Had the pollo things tacos and loved the taste. Would go again if I was in Philly!Amazing neighborhood spot! We've probably been to Rosy's 10+ times and the food is consistently great. 
We always get the guacamole, which offers up a great portion served with warm(!) chips. For entrees, I get the fish tacos and my fiance gets the carnitas tacos. The tacos are consistently good and the fish tacos are a really unique and delicious take on the typical fish tacos with cabbage slaw and some sort of aioli. I'm not sure what they use on the fish tacos, but they are AMAZING! From my fiance, I've heard the carnitas tacos are great and drinks are always good. They also have awesome happy hour deals and daily specials (ex. $1 tacos all day on Tuesdays or half-price margaritas​ all day Monday).
Service is always pleasant though things can take a while​ if the place is busy. It's also pretty dark inside and can get loud so it's probably not the best place for a date or quiet dinner.I'm adding this place to our list of go-to's for nachos and margs. We started off with the Micheladas which were decent but could have been a bit spicier for my liking. Tye spicy margarita however was on point. Nachos were amazing. I will definitely plan to revisit and hopefully sample their other menu options.Rosy's is a great spot for Taco Tuesday. They have 3 different types of tacos that come in orders of 3 for $3. My bf and I ordered one of each to share. My favorites are the carnitas and veggie tacos. They are juicy and packed with flavor. However, the chicken tacos were a little bland for me. We also ordered the nachos (vegetarian-friendly) for our group and they were a hit which is BIG considering the guys love their meat. For drinks, I recommend the mango jarritos margarita if you like a more fruitier drink. The house margarita is great if you're not into that. 
Considering it was TT, they were busy. We ended up waiting about 20 mins for a table for 7, which wasn't too bad. Erin was our server and we really appreciate how attentive she was even with a full house. 
Make sure to try out their different hot sauces from their wall when you go!I've been to Rosy's twice now. They have a great happy hour here! Margaritas are cheap and their regular nachos are heavily discounted. They also have a few late night specials, which is appreciated. I would HIGHLY recommend their nachos with guacamole.
Never super crowded and the staff is really nice. Overall will be coming back more!!My favorite restaurant for Taco Tuesday! (The runner up being El Rey). Rosy's has three varieties of tacos for $1 each, but they come in plates of 3 of a kind. My favorite are the carnitas tacos -- the meat is juicy and flavorful.
My friend and I always order 3 plates of carnitas tacos and the $5 happy hour nachos. The nachos come with cheese, onions, sour cream, jalapenos and some other stuff -- they don't come with meat but it's still super delish!
The restaurant is pretty crowded and loud during happy hour but there's usually no wait for a table.
They also have a wall of lots of different hot sauces you can try which is super cool.Rosy's is a popular, somewhat bougie brunch restaurant and happy hour bar for sugary alcoholic drinks and Americanized Mexican cuisine.
The restaurant is actually much larger and nicer on the inside vs. what you'd assume from the outside. There's ample seating for groups both small and large. If you come during the day it's quite calm, though it gets a bit louder and rowdier in the late afternoon / early evening.
Rosy's is mostly a drinks place for margaritas, sangria, bloody maries, and other cocktails. The food isn't particularly authentic, but it's tasty nonetheless. My huevos rancheros breakfast was good, and the desserts (churros and sweet plantains) were especially delicious.
Overall, if you want amazing Mexican food, you can get this for a lower price at other food stands and hole-in-the-wall joints. But if you're looking for a bougie hangout after work or for a weekend brunch, Rosy's is a fine option to consider.This is a great place for happy hour!! It was pretty busy on a weekday evening but my friend and I got seated without having to wait. We had $6 margaritas and $1 tacos since it was Taco Tuesday. Tacos come in 3 but you can only choose one kind out of 3 per plate. Service was decent but it was hard to flag down our waiter at times since it was pretty busy. I'd definitely be back for happy hour and maybe try something on the full menu.Huge space, hip music, above average margs, hot sauce bar, giant cacti sprinkled about, healthy portions of fresh tacos, and a salsa trio with homemade chips to die for -- Rosy's Taco Bar is a welcome addition to a neighborhood -- dare I say city -- who desperately needs a great casual taco joint. We've been back several times at this point and have yet to have anything disappointing. Our go to has become starting with the trio of salsa which offers a great fresh start to the meal. We recently made it to happy hour (4-6pm M-F) and were blown away by all the tacos featured -- 3 street tacos for $6 -- in particular the veggie option was excellent and hardy portions for a genre of taco that generally underwhelms. My nom recommendations include the specialty shrimp tacos which were spectacular and the chicken tinga tacos which hit the spot with the right amount of mild spice and cool sour cream. The ambiance is perfect for meeting up post work, hosting a larger bday party dinner gather, or a first date where you want to loosen up with conversation over drinks with moderately loud music to help fill any pauses! We'll be back with friends!Pleasantly surprised. Stopped for a bite after the Mütter Museum. Got there about 15 minutes before 4 and was told they didn't start food service until then. No problem, we started with chips and salsa and I got  a mango margarita, which was delicious. I ordered the chicken tacos and warm corn salad that was like deconstructed Mexican corn. Everything was great: food, service, and atmosphere. Would definitely go back when in the area.My experiences at Rosy's have exclusively been for Taco Tuesday (alongside an occasional plate of HH nachos) and I hope that never changes.
For those not familiar, Rosy's serves $1 tacos (chicken tacos are my personal favorite) on Tuesday. They come in plates of 3, so it's more like 3 tacos for $3, but either way it is a steal. On a day of average hunger, I can devour between 6-9 easily; it's always worth it to get the extra plate. 
The wait can be very long and get ready to be jostled by servers as they try to move by the very crowded hostess stand that is halfway through the restaurant. However, once you sit down, servers are attentive and you'll get your food within less than 10 minutes of ordering. 
Come for a great deal and fun vibes. It's crowded and service is quick, so get ready to get your tacos and get out.Rosy's is a good option for drinks and tacos!  We enjoyed the house and blood orange margaritas, guacamole, and the camarones tacos.  The restaurant had a fun atmosphere, with beautiful and authentic decorations, and the service was attentive as well.  I would absolutely be willing to return for their brunch as well as to try other options on the menu - we felt limited since it was a Friday during Lent and could not eat meat, but that was our own fault!  Glad to know of this place!Went for brunch on Sunday with a group, they have seating for more than 6 which is nice if you have a slightly larger group. Tables were far apart and they were adhering to social distancing guidelines. They have a to go window with drinks as well. The frozé and margaritas were great, but the tacos were a bit small.Woo! Love this spot. Really glad it opened like half a block from where I live. Ever since opening, I've walked by here every single day. The vibes are chill during the day, dark/romantic on a week night, and bumpin' on weekend nights. 
I had the pleasure of eating dinner here tonight. The waitress was very friendly and accommodated our dog (she even brought out a bowl of water just for him!) We conveniently arrived 10 minutes before happy hour was ending (6pm) and ordered tacos and Tecates. I think their chicken, chorizo, and veggie tacos are $6 during happy hour (normally $9). The tacos themselves were really good, much better than El Rey a few blocks down. 
The food was great, the service even better. Hoping this standard stays for years to come. Will most certainly be back.The Cadillac margarita was kickin and the mole sauce was perfect. Service was excellent! The ambiance was lively. I would definitely come back.My friend arrived a bit past 5pm on a Tuesday evening and chose a table by the bar.  I came along a few minutes later and found her looking through the menu already excited by the offerings.  
I have Celiac disease and I love that Rosy's menu has all the choices identified as gluten free, vegetarian or vegan.  My friend's a vegetarian.  Because we arrived during Happy Hour we chose from that menu starting with Nachos- I asked that all the beans be loaded on her side and that was perfect!  I had the chicken tinga tacos and they were tiny but delicious!  My friend had the vegetarian tacos and she raved about these.  We also each had a house margarita.  She liked hers- I was less impressed but I'm not into margaritas all that much.  The service was prompt and accurate even if the server initially seemed very tired.
After our meal my friend ordered a Mexican beer and I wanted the flan.  OMG The flan!  It was delicious!  I've had flan but this was the flan of all flans!  All of the food was good but that flan!  (It's rare that I bother raving about the dessert at a place because few people ever get that far but definitely- the flan!)
Now the missing star.  I have to say, for a Tuesday at about 5:30pm the music was obnoxious!  It was so loud I could barely hear the server and definitely could not hear my friend!  Not only was the music too loud but it was also lousy music!  It wasn't Mexican nor any genre I could identify but it had a heavy bass and did I mention loud?
I would go back but sit outside or, hopefully with better music at a lower volume.  I'm thrilled Rosy's is less than 2 blocks from where I live.  I definitely want to try the brunch here and soon.  Rosy's Taco Bar does Mexican proud!Rosy's is a great place to go with your friends. They have specials every day of the week in addition to happy hour. 
Their flavored margaritas are extra but 100% worth it. My favorites have been the watermelon and the strawberry. House margaritas are also just as good if you're a more traditional fan. Definitely recommend checking them out!I ordered delivery during quarantine from Rosy's twice now - SO GOOD! Their menu is limited for delivery but it's still awesome. I highly recommend!Great place for bar semi outdoor or sidewalk dining. Great service, nachos a must. Tacos are small portion but very good, you may want to add a side or two. Great for fun, casual diningWent here for brunch. $30 brunch special that includes any meal on the menu + 3 alcoholic beverages + churros sounded amazing but did not end up getting it since I needed to do work after. I ended up ordering the fish tacos. Even though the fish was flavorful, the tacos were very small and they only had pickled red cabbage. Left not very  and not mind blown in any way.This place was okay. We visited for $1 taco night. I was upset to find out that there were no dairy-free/vegetarian/vegan taco options on the menu. I ended up ordering Camarones tacos and my friend ordered the Pollo Tinga which was pretty average. I will say the crispy garlic added a nice touch to the shrimp tacos. I was a little annoyed by their customer service as I told the server that I can't have cheese and my taco came with cheese anyway. The server was also annoyed about us asking about different things on the menu.  The Guacamole was good and the fresh chips were an added plus. There are definitely better taco places in the area.Taco Tuesday is where it's at! Cheap cheap cheap and delicious! Great tacos and margs and the chicken nachos are top notch!!! great place to go with friends or casual date. only negative is it does get pretty loud inside. very popular place, cozy atmosphereWe've been here twice now for dinner and had a great time during both occasions. The tacos weren't bad and margaritas didn't disappoint, although the watermelon margarita didn't have much of a watermelon taste to it. Their chicken nachos were great also - tasty with a good amount of chicken. Considering the last time we went was on the tail end of happy hour, I thought service was good. Will definitely come back!I got the nachos with chorizo. My waitress let me know I only needed a small which was very kind. It was more than enough for me. I could've used a bit more flavor and spice but overall I was satisfied. My friends however got the tacos which were TINY. One got chicken tacos which she said were bland and the other for pork and she liked them she just wished she had more.  Tacos overall just a bit overpriced for what they were. Another friend got the wings. She didn't like them but I blame her for ordering wings at a Mexican restaurant.
*side note: if you're dining outside, their heated tent isn't particularly heated :/*My wife and I were here on a Friday evening.  Not that busy.  We were able to find seats at the bar.  Typical bar/restaurant atmosphere.  As you enter, you see the medium sized bar, with some bar tables near by.  As you walk further into the venue, they have the regular tables.
They primarily serve tacos.  They have a hot sauce bar with a variety of hot sauces.  I ordered the chorizo taco; it was good.  It had these crispy potatoes in there.  The chips were really good.  We stuffed ourselves on the chips and guacamole. 
They had an ok beer selection, nothing extensive.  I ordered a sour beer based on what was listed on the chalkboard, but then they told me that they put the wrong type of beer up there.  They had to change that listing; so I didn't get the beer that I wanted.
It's in the city, so parking will be tough.My husband and I ordered delivery from Tosy's a few days ago.  I must say it's the best Mexican I have had in Philly so far!  Everything is well seasoned and skillfully prepared.  But...THE CARNITAS ARE THE BEST IVE EVER HAD!  To die for, truly!Went with a large group and ordered a good chunk of the menu since we shared and all had a taste.  Everything was delicious - a range of traditional and more unique options.  Chips were perfectly crispy and not too thick and heavy.  Pico and guac were fresh.  Nachos were cheesy as a nacho should be!  Also had the shrimp tacos and Korean bbq tacos which were both very good.  Margs offer a range of tequila so you can pick your preference.Loud place even on a weeknight! They've got some
pretty good specials, but not on trivia nights, when they don't have any special deals, plus you can't use the winning gift card the same night. Would like to come back for dollar taco night, but the drinks were pretty expensive and so were the other food items. Our waiter was swamped so a little less than friendly until we struck up some conversation with him and he smoothed out. Many flavors for margaritas, and a pretty big menu, lots of
seats and tables, and a pretty good location.Spur of the moment decision to walk in on a thurs night. Luckily we just caught the end of happy hour so we ordered the chicken and chorizo tacos on the happy hr menu ($6 total for three) and also got the small steak nachos. The nachos were pretty good, a lot of great toppings and cheese pulls and the chips themselves were crispy and crunchy. The tacos were more of a disappointment. I guess a good deal for the price but overall they weren't anything special. My friends chicken tacos were pretty bland and my chorizo ones were a bit salty. Might come back again for happy hour if really craving tacos and for the ambience and for the nachos (they were pretty good).
Important note: the tacos come in a trio and you cant order one or mix and matchOh my God! Is what my friend and I said after trying the first bite of their chicken nachos. I'm not sure if it was the fact that we hadn't eaten anything all day or if they're THAT good. Prices are reasonable, food is definitely worth a try and cocktails were pretty cool. It was our first time there and we will definitely be back! Next time I'll try their flavored margaritasTl:Dr? Between the sub-par tacos and the worst service we've had in years, I can't say I'll ever go back to Rosy's and I wouldn't recommend you go either. 
The short version, our server was bad from the beginning. We almost got up and left because it took so longto find her way over to the table.  
The house margs are fine, heavy on the ice but not terrible. The pineapple marg was a disappointment (but I guess we were comparing it to the El Vez pineapple marg.)
We ordered a large nacho platter for the table which was a great appetizer. Our sever never brought out plates, napkins or utensils so we flagged her down and asked her for some. As soon as she left our table she engaged her colleague in a conversation, napkins & cutlery be damned!
Half of our party (myself included) ordered the short-rib tacos while the other half ordered the Beef and Chicken tacos. Unfortunately, our very absent server waited until our friends tacos were brought out to inform us that they were out of the short rib tacos. You're kidding me right? You didn't find that our when you put in our order? When it was clear we were annoyed, she asked if she could put in another drink order for us while we waited. Certainly it would have made sense to comp that drink order, but of course she did not. 
We quickly ordered the bistec (beef) tacos which were almost inedible. Tough flavorless beef with nothing special inside. Yuck. There wasn't any hot sauce on the table either to save them. (And certainly no server around to ask for some.)
We had also ordered a side of the fries which was a very strange combination of (clearly) frozen grocery store french fries and chipotle mayo that came from a kraft bottle. 
Honestly, even if the service had been better, the tacos were still an aggressive disappointment and considering all your other local taco options (El Vez, El Rey, Revolution Taco, etc) I wouldn't recommend going.Rosy's Taco Bar is one of my absolute favorites in the city! The food is incredible - I am especially fond of the nachos with pulled pork, and the guac is fresh and delicious. Unfortunately there was a small hiccup with my most recent trip but they did not hesitate to take it off the bill. 
The drinks, particularly the margaritas - including a variety of different flavors - do not disappoint. My go to is the strawberry and I always opt for less sugar, which they have accommodated each time (for which I am very appreciative!)
Both of my visits thus far have been during COVID and were on the patio/sidewalk. My most recent visit was on the colder side but they have done their best to accommodate with the tents. 
Finally I've also had Rosy's via takeout/delivery and it was just as fresh and tasty as if I were at the restaurant! I highly recommend Rosy's and will go back without hesitation!I've tried most of the taco restaurants in Center City and Rosy's has now risen to the top.
Our waiter was very pleasant and attentive, offering to be our tequila guide if we were looking for any advice. We didn't get drinks this time, but we'll be back to fix that! We had a small order of steak nachos and an order of the carnitas tacos for the two of us and we left completely stuffed. The nachos are an enjoyable combination of nostalgic and sophisticated. The steak was a welcomed addition and only $3 extra. The carnitas tacos were very classic, no frills tacos. What makes them exceptional though is the hot sauce library customers can walk up to and select from to compliment their tacos. It makes me want to go back and explore all the options!
I can't think of a bad thing to say about this place. The vibe is fun, there's plenty of seating/bar space, and it's open until 2am. This is a must try for anyone in philly looking to explore Mexican inspired dining options.This place needs to up its game on their drinks. Ordered a pitcher of margaritas for our table of 4 and the pitcher came out barely a 1/3 full, the rest of the pitcher was filled completely with ice. We could barely fill the 4 glasses around the table. Tried a different pitcher of sangria, but same experience. Save yourself the money and just order a beer or water. Otherwise, great food and service.Always wanted to try this place out.. so glad I finally did! I came in around 5:30 for happy hour and dinner with friends.. we got a drink at the bar and it was super crowded but a nice vibe. We were seated up in the back within 20 minutes and our food was really delicious. I had the steak fajitas which was a huge portion and so great. Service could have been better, but it didn't impact my meal. I will be back for the food!The food was amazing and the service was great! I got the pollo tinga tacos. The outdoor seating was perfect. Definitely recommend Rosy's Taco Bar!Horrible service
Was completely ignored by the bartender & was failed to be told which tacos qualify for the $1 specials are but he told everyone around us. Then blew his nose and touched my tacos when putting them in a takeout box.Well, I did love this spot the first time I came here, but every visit since has been a mediocre experience ranging from the food quality to the service. Frankly, I am surprised at how stark the difference is between a month and a half of time going by, but after trying it again 4/5 more times since my first visit, it seems that my most recent experiences are the true representation. 
So the food. The carnitas were banging the first time I had them, and then the subsequent 2 times they were grizzly and tasteless. Sad. I tried the Al Pastor next, and that was just ok. I've also had the Camarones tacos, those are definitely the best. I will say that 2 of the 3 orders of Esquites that I have had have been amazing - and its a huge portion. I do like that they have a taco menu available after 10pm, but its confusing because they keep the same menus but don't offer everything. If you don't know this, they wont tell you that either. So now you know. And the margs are very good - thank you for that Rosy's.
Service is tough. I have sat at the bar 3 times now and 2 of the 3 was ignored for at least 6-7 minutes. And no, it wasn't terribly busy. I apparently just didn't seem like a hungry or thirsty person.... Also when I have sat in the bar area it has taken forever for someone to come over. 
The atmosphere is fun, the music is eclectic (think salsa mixed with Michael Jackson, Prince, and the Limbo - yes that legit was on one time). It is warm and inviting and thoughtfully decorated. Perhaps my favorite part of the restaurant is the fact that they donate a portion of all proceeds to organizations working in support of the immigrant community, and that alone is worth a star and an extra order of tacos.It's really a 3.5 but I could be swayed to a 4 because I would try it again. Went there at 10 pm for late night dinner with my friend before heading to train. We actually reserved for 10:30 but they were kind enough to call back and tell us that their kitchen closes at 10:30 so that if we wanted food we would have to arrive earlier.  Great service!!! We were seated pretty immediately. The chicken nachos were tasty and filling but we felt the steak tacos were bland. Our food came out very quickly. I loved the music they were playing all night and was tempted to ask for their playlist. All affordable and overall a great time!Let's be honest- Rosy's has the best happy hour deals in all of Philly. $5 nachos?!!! There nachos are of the charts, the veggie tacos are fabulous and everything on the menu is amazing. Rosy's definitely a place to visit on your Taco Tuesday. Plus- those margs will make your cheeks rosy :)I went to HH and it also happened to be a Tuesday which meant $1 tacos - they have chicken, carnitas and veggie options. Usually more of a carnitas gal myself, I actually liked their chicken tacos better. Margs were on point and come with a salted rim. The guacamole and chips were possibly the highlight of the meal which is good because they are a bit pricey at $15. I tried their nachos via delivery a time prior which were also very delicious.
Sexy place in West Rittenhouse with ample bar (area) and table seating. Its dark with mood lighting. A little loud but not deafening - a decent place for a date. The service was attentive. Overall, very pleased I found this place; it will be my new go to place for Mexican HH.By far the best shrimp tacos I've ever had. Marinated shrimp perfectly cooked, homemade tortilla, crunchy and refreshing jicama and carrot slaw, sharp cotija cheese, and little fried slices of garlic! Plus a tasty, spicy green sauce. Great variety of fresh salsas too. Can't wait to try their other tacos.My fiance and I planned on ending our binge thanksgiving weekend by going out with a bang and stuffing every square inch of our abdominal pocket with nacho. 
I was initially intending on going to a place that is to-die in southwest Philly however the distance and potential wait time motivated me to pursue other options. This place was, according to yelp, "hot and new" and had good reviews for 'chos. 
We got a lyft and headed over to RTB. Our lyft driver was quite the chatty kathy and we endured the overenthusiastic questioning en route. 
Once you walk in you're encompassed by the bar area which is self-seating. One may also walk to the mid portion of the restaurant just past the bar to wait for the host for more formal restaurant/table seating, which was our preference on the day in question.
We were seated amongst a few other tables. The table behind us was DEFINITELY a first date allowing us to intermittently eavesdrop on the awkwardness and nervousness that wafted over to our ears.
Our waitress was not the most friendly I've encountered. She had a little bit of an attitude but was attentive and prompt. We were set on the micheladas from the start and this place gives you the option of adding SPICY TEQUILA shot, which was a must. We also went with the classic nachos w/o meat.
Micheladas were good however the least flavorful I've had so far in Philadelphia. The shot was a nice touch but otherwise this is not where I would come for a 'lada. We subsequently ordered margaritas, I a regular and apparently had a stroke or seizure of some sort because I ordered FROZEN (????). Bae ordered a spicy margarita. Margaritas were really good, both frozen and on the rocks.
The nachos were very good. The chips were crisp. The chip:topping ratio was appropriate and the chips were completely covered in cheese accompanied by tomatoes, 'penos, bae and I are arguing over whether there were beans, I'm pretty sure there were but whatever, and pickled onions I requested on the side. 
Another great thing about this place is the wall of hot sauces. There weren't any crazy ones but standard fare mexican roster of valentina, cholula, el yucateco, etc etc and some switch-ups like sriracha (?). 
This is a solid choice for nachos and margs or if you're in the mood to watch a game at the bar and craving mexican.I decided to come here after driving by often and reading good reviews. I came on a Friday around happy hour.
Atnosphere
The place looks nice....casual, lively crowd, decent decor. 
Food
Hmm...the only food on HH was nachos. Pretty sure they meant just the chips....no accoutrements, because when I asked what mean was on the nachos, I was told "none."
So I order chicken and shrimp tacos...very good and very fresh. They should be as they were ringing in at $10 and $13 respecrively.
We also ordered chicken quesadilla. $14 for 4 pieces. 
Drinks
The only drinks on HH were house margaritas....suspiciously coming out of a beer-like tap and some sort of cheap tequila/cheap can beer combo.
Overall
The vibe is good (laid back with 90s rap playing), but the prices were ridiculous. Not worth it. Will not be returning. A shame, as I was about to make it my go-to Mexican spot. There is a better VALUE elsewhere. Skip this one.I've been to Rosy's about five or six times now so I believe I have a enough experiences to make my opinion feel valid. I really enjoy going here for Taco Tuesday's however I am not sure when I will return here again. The food is good however the bartenders and wait staff are pretty rude. The first few times I didn't really complain about the rude staff, however when I recently went to Rosy's with friends, they expressed this same issue and I noticed the staff was a lot more rude than usual. One bartender tossed me my cash after paying; he literally dropped it in my face on the counter and walked away instead of putting my money in my hand the same way I handed it to him. I can go on and on with the experiences I have had with these bartenders and it's enough to make me not want to return.Sub-par food. Huge college crowd and I think that's who Rosy appeals too. My entree was cold, our chips were stale, and our drinks tasted like juice. This is very Americanized Mexican food. Save your time & money and go to South Philly for authentic Mexican food.Kinda sad that our first experience with Rosy's was during these times where delivery was essentially our only option to try their food, but when other businesses are still crushing it throughout a pandemic, this was hard to grade on a curve. 
Considering the delivery was via Caviar, we can't exactly blame the deconstruction of my wife's al pastor tacos on Rosy's (which looked like it was delivered via bike courier who had been in an accident), but we CAN put the excessively salty flavor of the tacos on them. My chicken tinga tacos were super dry, unfortunately, with any moisture coming from the tons of lettuce on top. The corn tortillas held up, at least (probably because of the dry factor). The nachos were an inedible pile of soggy chips covered in excessive sloppiness. I tried to eat them to simply not waste, and it was a struggle that was futile. The portions were gratuitous for a "small" nacho, which might've been great, but in this case just meant more went into the garbage. Just zero sense of pride in the presentation or preparation. I hope this isn't their norm.
This city is stacked with reliable Mexican spots, and we had high hopes for Rosy's, but this was so unfortunate. By far the worst meal we've had delivered, regardless of current circumstances. 
Maybe it was an off night, and I hope it was, but this reinforces why we usually stick to our tried and true spots for our Mexican fix. Super disappointed, but I hope this was an outlier experience. I just don't see us taking our chances again to find out.The ambiance is different and interesting. Our server was new and pleasant. The food was disappointing. We had the chips and queso appetizer. The chips were tasteless and the queso seemed like it was Velvetta. It was thin (like watery) and didn't taste cheesy but had some kind of spice in it. I had the chicken sandwich. The chicken was overly deep fried and therefore tough. It had too much cheese and didn't taste the sauce that was supposed to be on it. My daughter had the Short Rib Tacos. The meat was dry and tough which is atypical for short ribs. My son had the beef dinner. It was doused with cheese and otherwise not tasty. I wouldn't visit again10/10. Ambience and service are great, even with outdoor seating. Got the Koreana tacos and they were very flavorful and juicy. I've already made plans to eat here again!Came here on a Friday night around 8pm and it was not very crowded, easily got 2 seats at the bar. 
We ordered some chicken and carnitas tacos, which were underwhelming, though the chicken were better than the carnitas. The staff had mentioned that there was a hot sauce bar, though it was a few bottles of almost empty hot sauces of varying generic brands. 
I also ordered some margaritas (since it is the perfect drink for taco night). The regular margarita was surprisingly good, though the frozen margs were sugary and left more to be desired. 
Overall, pretty mediocre experience. Though if I had to come back again, I would go straight for the margs.The food is OK, the service is TERRIBLE.
The people who work there are extremely rude and it really ruins the whole vibe. I went there 2-3 times since it opened, and haven't had decent service in any of those visits. Forgotten orders, waiting for a knife/fork for 20 minutes, getting checks while we havent event looked at the menu for dessert yet.. just some examples!
My friend lost her credit card right after paying the check there and we thought maybe she could have left it there, called immediately but they refused to help us. We had to go there and look around ourselves while getting an attitude about it. 
Honestly not worth it.What a great place. We placed a large order through two separate delivery services and both failed to deliver the food. After the store closed one of the employees personally delivered our order. It was greatly appreciated. I will defiantly be a returning customer.Took my boyfriend for brunch for his birthday and even though there was a weird experience we couldn't have asked for a better brunch. We both got the $30 Brunch option - 1 Entree, 3 Drinks & Churros - I immediately asked the waiter how they could make money off of this and he said his guess was as good as mine.
We ended up getting the Tres Leches French Toast, Burrito De Desayuno & I added on an order of the pollo tinga tacos. The french toast was good and the burrito was huge I don't think we could even finish it. The tacos were delicious! Only complaint for the food was that the churros were a little doughy and uncooked in the middle. For our drinks we switched between the blood orange mimosas and the margaritas - both amazing. 
The weird experience that you may be wondering is that in the middle of the meal a girl got up and suddenly just started throwing up. It was a sight to behold, but the staff took care of it accordingly and didn't make a big deal about it. We didn't let it kill our mood and definitely plan on coming back for brunch and their great week specials!Walked into Rosy's for the first time to grab dinner and I was quickly struck by the atmosphere. It's a cool, rustic vibe and the space is so much bigger than it looks on the outside. We split an order of steak nachos and a shrimp quesadilla. The nachos had a ton of toppings and were thoughtfully layered to minimize any bare chips-- major key for good nachos. The daily specials include some incredible deals definitely worth checking out: Monday: $4 Margaritas, Tuesday: $1 Tacos, Thursday $0.50 Tecates...Rosy's Taco Bar has never failed me, even in the middle of a pandemic. Pre-Covid, it was a great place to eat, with great vibes, delicious tacos, awesome drinks, and some of the best nachos I've ever had. With the current pandemic, they've managed to adapt with generous outdoor seating (albeit requiring reservation) to maintain hygienic social distancing. Unlike some other restaurants, they continue to serve their food and drinks using real silverware, glassware, and dishes. Given that everything was very clean, I appreciated the use of traditional dining ware, which reminded me of happier times and added to the ambiance of the meal (a cocktail just isn't the same in a plastic disposable cup), but could see how some might find it needlessly reckless. Regardless, my friend and I inhaled our shrimp enchiladas with beans and rice while sipping and clinking our fruity cocktails. The real star of the meal was the plantains with cream: sweet and pillowy with a cheesy, milky topping. We were asked to leave after 90 minutes, the time limit for a party of 2, but rest assured, we'll be back!Stopped in for brunch to catch up with a friend. Unassuming entrance but the place is actually pretty big. We sat near the bar area as it was sunny out and wanted to enjoy the sunlight. As others mentioned the music is loud. Had a hard time talking to my friend. Bartender wait service left much to be desired. Refilled my water once and never stopped by again other than to drop off the check. Food was pretty good. Though having tortilla chips with tacos seems standard. Not so here, they cost extra.  
I think I'll probably pass on it next time around. Service and the music were just major bummers.I really liked this place! Went during covid so they were tight on seating availability but servers wore masks and they had a strict mask policy for guests. The menu was refined for covid but was still a good selection of food! I chose the burrito and a Paloma and got a plate of nachos for the table. 
The nachos were incredible, super flavorful and piled high with toppings. The burrito was amazing, something about it was just perfect! Very well seasoned and huge! I had a whole second meal the next day. 
The Paloma was weak and not very flavorful. I'm used to places having fresh squeezed grapefruit and bold tequilas, but this was a hint of grapefruit and a dash of basic tequila. 
The server was friendly and helpful. 
I would definitely recommend this place and look forward to going back, perhaps during happy hour when the drinks are discounted.Taco happy hour is the bomb. Service was fast and friendly. Margaritas weren't bad. Just watch your bill when it's crowded, they may try to sneak in 20% gratuity without telling you, and then you'll be tipping twice.I eat here maybe three nights out of week. Excellent food, good drinks and very cool staff. Love them. Thanks Guys!They always have great food and service! Also- mostly everything is gluten free!  Get the chicken tacos for sure.. so good and authentic and I lived in southern cal for most of my lifeWe couldn't get through to our neighborhood taco spot and Rosy's was the first alternate that popped up in our search. Ordered for delivery Saturday night. We've been burned with take out tacos before - a soggy mess by the time it arrives. Was definitely not the case with Rosy's! Chorizo and pork pastor tacos both fantastic. And the corn - seriously could be the best I've ever had. Food came in less than 45 minutes when we ordered at 7pm on a Saturday night. Can't wait to try more from the menu!I was excited to try this place but will definitely not be coming back. 
Bad service all around. 
They took forever to bring us waters.
They took forever to take our order.
When they did I ordered a quesadilla & and my boyfriend ordered tacos.
They never refilled our waters.
The two of us waited around 40 minutes for them to bring out the quesadilla. It was very small, I knew it was an appetizer ... but honestly it seems like it was something you would make quickly for a kid. I've had better quesadillas at Taco Bell. It's really not hard to make a good cheese quesadilla. 
Then we continued to wait for his tacos for probably another 15-20 minutes and my quesadilla got cold waiting. Only after waiting all of that time and servers just standing around off to the side, a manager comes over to us to inform us the kitchen is out of stock of the protein for his tacos and of course she was very sorry and wanted to know what he would like in replace of it.
Sorry for wasting our time! She should have refunded it all. I've never waited almost an hour at a restaurant for them to tell us they didn't have what we ordered.
Really inexcusable. We left and never looked back.Came here for happy hour with a friend and enjoyed the quality of the food. The margaritas and happy hour nachos are very tasty! The only qualm I have is with the lack of clarity on their specials. For $1 Taco Tuesday's there are two things that aren't very obvious: only the pollo, carnitas, and vegetable tacos are included in the special and you actually have to order 3 tacos - more like 3 tacos for $3. My friend and I were not told this so we ordered a regular platter of tacos (pork belly - not included in the special) then just wanted a few tacos on the side to make a meal. Instead of ending up with 1 chicken taco and 2 carnitas tacos, we were handed 3 chicken tacos, and 6 carnitas tacos. So go for the great food and drinks - just know that not every taco is available for Taco Tuesday and that you also have to order tacos by the 3's.When we visited Rosy's, it happened to be Taco Tuesday, where they offer 3 tacos for $3, either chicken, steak, or vegetable. Although I only had the vegetable (which were delicious), the others were also a great choice. Not only that, but they had a self serve hot sauce station, with several different options, including Valentina! Their margaritas are also good, both the classic and the frozen. Rosy's has quickly become a go to for a good time, but it does get a little busy so make sure you prepare ahead of time!This place needs to up its game on their drinks. Ordered a pitcher of margaritas for our table of 4 and the pitcher came out barely a 1/3 full, the rest of the pitcher was filled completely with ice. We could barely fill the 4 glasses around the table. Tried a different pitcher of sangria, but same experience. Save yourself the money and just order a beer or water. YouOtherwise, great food and service.Best pollo taco and corn. The churros melt in your mouth. They have really good margaritas as well. Also, the server Josh is a lot of fun and entertains you with his knowledge of tequilas.I've been wanting to try this place for so long and I finally did! It's often busy and even reserving a spot is tough, but we finally did it. First things first, they are located on a rather busy intersection, but they sectioned off a nice outdoor area for people to sit at during COVID times. The inside is really nice and has a rustic feel to it. Once seated, they indicate you only have 90 minutes of sitting until they might have to ask for you to finish up (one reason why I didn't give 5 stars). The staff is rather responsive, and super friendly! As for the food/drinks, I think their tacos are amazing!!! They are the smaller kinds with 1 tortilla (instead 2), and they don't really break apart. They are really full, which is great. I've split a couple with a friend, and in order from favorite to least favorite: coreanos (a korean BBQ short rib that's super tasty), bistec (the beef with a somewhat refreshing taste), the carnitas (solid choice), and chorizo (tasty but somewhat dry). The only issue I have with the tacos I do think they are a tad bit pricey and wished there were more in a dish. I have heard that they a have a good deal before COVID during happy hour, and not sure if it's still happening. They also have a selection of hot sauce you can choose from as well. They also give you homemade chips/salsa, which is decent. Finally, in regards to drinks, they have a decent selection. I highly recommend the strawberry margarita, which is surprisingly good and did not taste super artificial!
Rating: 7.5/10
Pros: Great tacos, good flavor, trendy spot
Cons: 90-minute sit time, somewhat $$ 
Recommendations: Coreanos, strawberry margaritaUnfortunately this place no longer takes dogs outside. Nothing online mentioned such a change. Can't just drop a dog off somewhere to have dinner. 
Zero response from the management team. No longer on my list of go-tos. Would avoidI went here with my friend for lunch on a weekday and we got right in and sat down. The food was good but I think is overpriced. And they also did not have sweet tea which is disappointing. This would not be my first place for tacos in Philadelphia.Rosy's Taco Bar is a solid Mexican option in a neighborhood that sorely lacked any, and I welcome its fun and relaxed take on Mexican, with more of a Tex Mex twist. 
I've come a couple times and appreciated the drink menu offering standard Mexican restaurant options like Dos Equis and a slate of margaritas (a decent happy hour is weekdays 4pm - 6pm!). 
I've tried the chicken tinga tacos and the Philadelphia cheesesteak style torta. The tacos were good but not incredible or anything, and could have used hot sauce, which I should have requested. The cheesesteak style torta was more cheesesteak than torta, and I really had a hard time tasting any distinctly Mexican bent to it. I had expected the grilled steak, nice onions, peppers, and cheese, but with some kind of Mexican twist: cumin, chipotle, cilantro, something! Now, even though it didn't quite live up to its promise on the menu, if I just evaluate it on its own, I thought it was a tasty sandwich. Funny enough, the menu says it comes with a salad but when it arrived there was a basket of fries instead - ah, my favorite type of salad! I definitely won't complain about that!
Overall I really like Rosy's even if my evaluation of the food seems less than ecstatic. I enjoy the atmosphere (it's BEAUTIFULLY decorated inside) and the Tex Mex style of the menu. I should take more advantage of that happy hour, too. And there are still many things on the menu I'd like to try, like the chicken milanesa torta and the nachos. Expect an update pronto!
PS: First review of 2019!I have been to Rosy's a few times for Happy hour. The price to food quality and quantity is stupendous.
However, I had Rosy's dinner menu with full regular pricing the other night. It was a HUGE letdown. Usually you would expect more food than the happy hour menu for full prices, but it was about the same quantity. It also may have been an off night but the food tasted extremely bland. For about $16 a dish, I have to say I was extremely disappointed. 
I would've given this place 1 star but happy hour balances it out. I would not recommend coming here for anything but happy hour.I've been here a few times in the past month or so and each time has been great! The staff is really fun and the food is delicious. I sat in their heated tent and inside and both were good experiences. I'm always looking for an excuse to go backI had just wrapped up a meeting in the area with some of my friends and they suggested we go to this taco spot a little further up in the 20's of Center City. What I didn't expect was to leave trying to find excuses to go back. 
Rosy's is cute, it's got an indoor and outdoor seating area perfect for people watching and gushing over adorable pups that pass by. It wasn't crowded either which was surprising for Happy Hour downtown, but I suppose that's the pro of the location not many journey past 21st when looking for places downtown. 
The drinks were strong my table had the Margaritas I did a pineapple margarita with chili on the rim and it was as refreshing as expected. The guacamole was amazing and our waiter brought us more chips to finish it which was a bonus for sure. 
But do you know what really earned them 5 stars from me? Those Platanos, those finger licking, won't wait for them to cool to finish, stop you in your tracks, delicious Platanos. OMFG do yourself a favor and just order them...then send them to me.Great service and amazing food, vibe is great definitely recommend it!! Amazing flavors kudos to chef ‍ and cute serversI wanted to love this place because it's in my neighborhood.  I've been here on three occasions and this is the review.  The service: horrible.  If I ask you for salsa for my cardboard tasting taco which being from Texas originally salsa is supposed to come with tacos FYI and you're a waitress walking by and I'm sitting at the bar but I've asked you because I can't get the bartenders attention, I don't want to hear l: "That's not my job it's the bartenders."  and then when I ask the bartender for salsa he directs me to the wall which he called a "salsa bar" for me to go get it myself so I walk back there and it's not a salsa bar...it's a wall of crappy store bought hot sauce in jars.  That's not "salsa" nor is it a "salsa bar".  The bartender...how many times do I have to ask for a lime with a margarita when it should automatically come with a lime?  The food: mediocre at best.  The atmosphere: TV's with sports on them.  Gross.  This could be an upscale fun Mexican restaurant as it's in such a great neighborhood but due to the poor food quality, poor service and sports bar ambiance it's just not.I originally got the chicken tacos which I found mediocre. After I got the Korean tacos, I was hooked. I will be going back specifically for that dish! Amazing!We picked up Rosy's Taco for takeout. I called ahead and picked up my food to go. First time at Rosy's did not disappoint. It was so good. We had nachos, the corn appetizer, and tacos. Everything was delicious. Pickup was super easy. Yum!Food came out really quickly! 
Kind of dark and very loud (especially in the front) but really quick service 5/5 
Chicken enchiladas: 4.5/5. Tasted good but a little bit spicier than expected 
Rice: 1/5. Literally tasteless. I love rice and this was very disappointing 
Churros: goodMy favorite margarita place in the city! The food is good but there are better places for traditional Mexican dishes, however the outside seating has great space and also cheerful staff.Ordered take out from here during this quarantine and WOW! So good! The shrimp tacos were out of this world, and the churros were to die for! Everything was delicious, the prices were great, and I would totally order from here again. Looking for a delicious and affordable meal? Get down to Rosy's! Amazing!Very friendly wait staff. Outdoor seating next to a busy street, but that was unavoidable. Several times, felt like a car was going to crash right into us. 
We ordered pork tacos and chicken burritos, as well as rice and beans. All was pretty good. The chips part of the "chips and salsa" were tasty and substantial. However, the three sauces that accompanied them were watery and not particularly good.
This was the first time I have ever been to a taco place that did not have pico de gallo as a side condiment, which the tacos all needed. 
Also, too bad you cannot mix and match the tacos. One orders three, but it is three of the same kind.A quick review - busy on taco Tuesday!! $3 chicken, carnitas, or vegetable taco plates. Decent size tacos with unique, yummy flavor for being $1 tacos. (These aren't just meat in tortillas, how refreshing!) I would absolutely go for this again!
Margaritas were delicious, and service was decent considering how poppin the place was. A few drawbacks: guacamole was pretty under salted.. with no salt shakers on the table, and the menu is small!! There are still yummy things worth trying, but it definitely gives the vibe that it is a more casual place to go out. Probably best for happy hour and a quick dinner!From the atmosphere to the great food and drink, this place is terrific. Moderate prices, too.This place is actually the greatest. They have specials every day of the week that feature dollar tacos on Tuesdays and $0.50 wings on Thursdays. The outdoor seating is dog-friendly and especially nice in the summer time. Go to spot on Tuesday evenings for a dozen of carnitas tacos and a couple of cold Tecates. Can't go wrong with that.The food was awesome but some things were okay. Overall this place had great drinks and food, but I would've loved a better atmosphere. Music was great! We were hoping to get the special of the day, but I guess it wasn't there anymore. We were bummed about that.Ordered from the pick up window and after about 40 minutes of sitting directly outside the window parked and decided to walk up and ask when our order would be ready and the person asks "Would you like to place an order" THE SAME MAN WHO TOOK MY ORDER???? The food would've been great if it were given to us fresh when it was ready but instead the food was room temp and the tacos were soggy from sitting inside the containers that long.My girlfriend lived a block away from Rosy's for two years--we've gotten food/drinks from there about a dozen times and always loved it. Great tacos, very reasonably priced, great service, fun atmosphere. On our last night in Philadelphia we were celebrating my girlfriend completing her post-graduate training program and hoped to stop by Rosy's for a drink. It was late and the restaurant was closing, but one of the assistant general managers was kind enough to give us two to-go cups of wine (on the house) as a congratulations to my girlfriend. Very appreciative of Jim's gesture and definitely plan to return to Rosy's when we're back in Philly!Rosy's Taco Bar has incredible customer service. They are attentive and really nice and always want to make things right. Their brunch and happy hour specials are great, imo. Highly recommend their margaritas, guac, and the Esquites side of corn.Tortilla chips were very stale. Drinks were so under poured i had three drinks and felt absolutely nothing $45 on drinks down the drain. Al pastor tocos tasted amazing but were the smallest tacos i have had in Philadelphia i almost laughed when the server showed up with our food. Will go back for the tacos order two orders instead but i will just drink beer next time. Oh i almost forgot. You better eat quick you only have 90 min before they ask you to leave ‍Terrible food and horrendous service. Will not ever be returning or ordering from here. This experience ruined my night.Tacos were yummy!!! Relaxed and casual atmosphere. I had the chicken tinga tacos; yum!! The guac was good too. Fajitas were hot and tender. Can't wait to come back!I would give no stars If i could! I ordered tonight off of Grubhub at 6:30pm. Delivery said It would come at 8:15pm.  I did not mind waiting being that there's a pandemic and that I was looking forward to trying the food and supporting the business. 8:15pm roles around and I look for my order where no update can be given. I call the restaurant and it is closed. The mailbox to a man named "miles" is full. I am left with NO food! I spent $70 on my order tonight and received nothing!! Do not take to go orders if you cannot fill them! I am EXTREMELY pissed. I will never order from them again or any of their sister restaurants.Best Mexican food I've had in ages and I'm counting pre-Covid! We met Joe and a couple other great guys and they were the friendliest people around. The hot sauce selection is on point from their own delicious brand to Ghost Face Killah. My husband and I had a great lunch and oh I forgot, get a margaritaWent for happy hour -- $5 for three carnitas tacos! The tacos are a bit small, but they don't skimp on the carnitas, so still a great deal. The nachos were also really good. I think the house marg, at least during happy hour, doesn't have much alcohol, but it was definitely tasty (maybe bc it had less alcohol than usual haha)I would be here nearly everyday if I lived in Philly! From $1 Taco Tuesdays, trivia on Wednesday, $15 margarita pitchers on Friday, a great happy hour M-F, and a weekend brunch steal (entree plus 3 drinks for $30), this spot is reasonable for the trendy, young neighborhood and also serves delicious food. 
I came here with my friend who lives down the street from this place on a Saturday night. I ordered the carnitas tacos and a sangria. She had the vegetable tacos and a sangria. We both enjoyed our choices. 
Some improvements Rosy's could make: free chips and salsa and just more salsa options in general!Absolute tosser of a Mexican restaurant. I had the privilege to get looted of my money for the worst Mexican food mankind has ever had the chance to taste. Subpar service that took 45 minutes for the food to deliver, food that tasted blander than hospital food and the first ever time I got charged $4 for a small bottle of Coke. Can't think of giving it more than 2 stars.We went to Happy Hour (Mon-Thurs 3-5pm) where drinks and food are both $5! We tried one of everything on the food menu so here's my favorites:
- Carnitas Tacos
- Esquites (corn)
- nachos are a bang for your buck!
The chicken tacos were my least favorite, but overall everything was good! Margs were good as well. I'm attaching the menu here since I couldn't find it anywhere online.I came here on my birthday eve I loved the tacos I had the veggie one my friend had the chicken taco it looked good they have the taco shell that's hard to find I like the taco shell they use the tacos were the best I had in philly I like margarita tooStopped in for the first time in my Margarita March. We definitely be back! Food and drinks were delicious and if not for 1 rude bartender, they would get 5 stars from me. But this last stop was most definitely the best stop.I rarely post reviews on any social media, but this place is lit! I came with 2 friends. We ordered 4 dishes but ended having to bring home a portion because the dishes were full of food!!Awesome place for quick takeout. They're always ready in ~10-15 minutes!
Have gotten the Korean short rib tacos (which are great) and al pastor (on par). Would highly recommend the Korean short rib tacos!! 
Have also tried their plantains which are phenomenal and churros (definitely eat with the chocolate)!I love this place. It's way better than el vez. They actually have authentic tortilla chips (you know, the thicker more smooth corn chips that have been fried).  They're really good and they're the only type. If tortilla chips that I will eat. I hated Mexican food until I went to San Diego in July. Now that I'm home in philly I'm on the prowl for Mexican food that is comparable. Rosys is the first place I've tried that makes the cut. Although they do not have my all time fave (carne asada steak) I am in LOVE with their Al Pastor street tacos (they're small like authentic street tacos which is exactly how they were served in San Diego!). In fact I think their al pastor was better than the two restaurants I tried in San Diego. The meat was tender and delicious and even looked aesthetically pleasing. Don't be put off by the pineapple in them- you don't taste it and it definitely adds a necessary touch to all the flavor. The tacos were bangin . And I won't go on about the chips again but they are addicting and delicious. If you aren't eating real tortilla chips like rosys you're doing everything wrong. Come here now and have some of the best Mexican in philly. Way better than el vez so don't make the same mistake I did by going there first just because it's "trendy and popular". Just come to rosys and enjoy because it's also trendy and popular. I did take out but the place was spacious and very cute with awesome outdoor seating arrangements. I must try dine in soon.Oh wow this place was really great. Ordered delivery from here a couple months back and still salivating over it now.
I got the taco salad topped with steak, chicken flautas and a Jarrito. That salad was unrivaled, man. MASSIVE. They packed a styrofoam container with the salad itself (romaine, avocado, tortilla strips), then a whole ass other plastic container filled to the brim with juicy strips of well seasoned steak. It was so huge I made two meals out of it. 
The flautas were some of the best I've had in a while, not bland like other places do it, but super flavorful, crispy and oily with a generous helping of cheese and lettuce and a great salsa verde for dipping. They came pretty close to my fav (Don Pablo's, sue me), and that Jarrito hit just right.Stopped by here for tacos for lunch because I was craving some. My boyfriend and I ordered carnitas tacos, coreanos tacos, & nachos. They have a hot sauce bar inside with a few interesting varieties. My boyfriend was quite intrigued by it. Decent place for a quick bite. The nachos were good, very crispy and filling. Food came out pretty fast. Our waitress, Rose, was super nice!THE best mango margaritas you could ever ask for!
Staff is great. The bartenders always make sure they leave their customers satisfied. 
Manager Joe, usually has a bandana on, couldn't make our party of 3 feel more welcome! Even on a busy Friday night, he stopped at our table multiple times to make sure our food and drinks were up to par, which of course, THEY WERE!! Every time!! 
Alvaro, Meg, TJ all rock and excel in customer service. Will definitely be returningI love coming to Rosy's and always enjoy the flavored marg selection-- but I must say, delivery is not it. I love everything on the menu, but the burrito bowl delivered... not so much. Soggy lettuce, no seasoning, not a good experience. Please adjust your burrito bowls-- they do not match the level of the other dishes!Moved to the area and was craving tacos. Portions are generous and staff was friendly. Cant really complain - they won me over. Can't wait to come back next time I have a craving.A little more expensive than I would like but the atmosphere is really nice. I ordered tacos and they were really flavorful. The one thing I didn't like about the food was that the tacos weren't doubled tortilla. My friends got the fries with her meal and they were awesome. Drinks were good too.Rosy's is a new local taco joint that I will definitely be frequenting! The tacos are on point and the location (though located on a seemingly restaurant-lacking block) convenient! The ambience is dark, hip, and trendy. The tacos are a touch expensive at $9-13 dollars ($13 for the special tacos vs the traditional ones) for 3 tacos but boy are they filling and good! My favorite was the Koreanos! The meat was juicy and the spice level just perfect. All the tacos were so flavorful that you could easily go without the separate taco sauces! The nacho platter was ginormous and oh, so satisfying as well! The house margarita at $8 a pop was pretty strong but somewhat lacking in flavor. Would definitely come back again but next time would love to try catch a happy hour for the extra special deals!1$ Taco Tuesday Y'all! Be ready to wait for the table since they don't take reservations on Tuesday's.The food here is beyond bland, does not taste authentic at all. Good luck. If you are looking for decent tacos I suggest anywhere what but hereWent for drinks and left buzzzzzed! Margaritas were delicious and the wings were equally as good. I'll be back soon to try out more of the menu for sure. 
The highlight was actually our amazing server. They were so cool and down to earth. We actually chatted it up a few times in between them helping us. I love people that love people. It really makes the experience. Rosy's I'll be back!Had a wonderful dinning experience here! Made a reservation for Saturday night (but looked like there were open tables and we could've walked in). Got in and to our table right away. We started with margaritas and the nachos. 
The mezcal marg was good and didn't taste too smokey. And the nachos were amazing. They were loaded with tons of toppings and each chip had enough cheese and toppings. 
I ordered the taco salad with shrimp for dinner. The shrimp was grilled perfectly. 
The service was so fast and our waiter was kind and fun! My friends and I enjoyed the spice wall where you can choose any sauces you want to have with your meal!Rosy's is my absolute GO TO for tacos and margaritas in the city. I have tried so many places in the city with similar prices and have never found anything that could compare to Rosy's. The classic margaritas are tangy and not too sweet. Their small nachos are anything but small and can be treated as a meal. I live and die by the carnitas tacos with their salsa verde. It's pretty much a weekly staple for me at this point. The only thing on the menu that I would say isn't worth the money is the guac. It's something close to $15 for a small portion. Unless you need guac I would save the money for another round of margs. The aesthetic is simple and casual. The staff has always been extremely prompt and friendly. I highly recommend making a reservation ahead of time on the Resy app a day or two in advance, but they are typically accommodating even on a Taco Tuesday.We ordered delivery and it came lightning fast. I highly recommend the guacamole, as they give you a generous amount of guac. My husband said the pork tacos were some of the best he's had, but the chorizo tacos spilled over in the container, so it was more like a chorizo taco salad - not a huge deal though.
The reason I'm giving 3 stars is because I wasn't impressed with the chicken enchilada. It was just okay - it lacked any real flavor and was kind of blah. The rice and beans were not great either, as the beans were hard and tasted like they just got dumped in straight from the can and the rice was gooey and just gross.
With so many taco places to hit up in Philly, Rosy's is just an okay option.Great spot for tacos, nachos and margaritas. We came on a Sunday, and I don't think there were any specials then - but it seems like they have great specials/deals throughout the week. Good beer selection and a wide variety of margaritas. The nachos were really delicious - they were straight out of the oven with a generous amount of cheese, pickled onions, jalapeños (not too spicy) and beans. I don't think you need to spring for meat because the toppings as they come are great. The hot sauce bar is cool because you can try quite a few sauces with varying degrees of spice. Would happily return here, especially for a happy hour.I stopped at Rosy's Taco Bar midday for lunch and was pleased to see they had outdoor seating. This was my first time eating at a restaurant so I was a bit nervous about the experience. They had the tables spaced at reasonable distances and mandated masks when you weren't at your table. 
They weren't packed with people when I came so the service was pretty fast. I ordered the pollo Tinga tacos. I initially wasn't sure if it was chicken because it was more like pulled chicken and marinated in their sauce. I asked my waiter about it, who confirmed that it was chicken but that they could make it  grilled chicken tacos instead. I also asked for no cheese, sour cream, or lettuce so they made those changes as well.
The final taco I got was pretty good. Enough flavor and I was able to enhance it with the side guacamole, salsa, and lime. 
The food was okay, but I mostly enjoyed the experience of eating outdoors while the weather is still nice.Came here right after moving and nothing tasted better than Rosy's nachos and a cold glass of spring sangria. We technically ordered the "small" size of the nachos which were still filling enough for two people. We also split the mole chicken enchiladas which were delicious. They have lots of indoor and outdoor seating as well as options to make reservations online if you're trying to come during a busy time. Definitely worth popping in and trying!Ok so I'm going to be honest when I say this and I mean this with all respect this spot feels like, the food is made by white people. Where is the seasoning?? I had the chicken enchiladas and it felt like I was eating raw bread wrapped in a hate crime. I do like the scenery but felt like it was like I was in a gentrified Mexican restaurant that forgot to hire people of the culture to make this food. Did they cover the missing quesadilla they gave me. How does hot sauce NOT taste HOT? But I digress.. I would suggest this place only if you aren't a fan of actual authentic Mexican food.