Very good place. It was a bit noisy at first since the tables are right against the bar. The activity at the bar was intense and loud - some had already imbibed quite a bit by the time we arrived for dinner. The food was good, the service good, and over all this was a fun place to dine.Ran into this place on a rainy Philly night and had a nice, cozy meal. The service was very relaxed and friendly. Had a wonderful glass of wine and a few small plates to share. We really liked the food and decor of this place. It was pretty evident though that the charm of this place is the outdoor seating and generally for brunch. Next time.I came here by myself for dinner and sat at the bar. This was a good choice for solo dining; plenty of small tables and bar seats, and lots of options for wines by the glass.
My food--lobster fra diavolo with housemade pasta--was delicious. I probably would have liked it just a touch spicier, but other than that it was pretty perfect; perfect portion size, plenty of lobster, and well-cooked pasta. The wines-by-the-glass list included choices starting at $10, and both of the ones I tried were tasty. The complimentary bread was a bit hard and could have benefited from a toss in the oven, but it was still tasty.
My only complaint about Rouge is how cramped and crowded it is. It was not full to capacity when I went, but it was still uncomfortable sitting at the bar and having people constantly bump me trying to negotiate the small space. If they ever decide to do a big renovation, I bet they could make this place much more ergonomic.I'm in Philadelphia for work and looking for a chill place to grab a drink or two and a bite. Found Rogue and have to say I was very impressed. I sat at the bar and the place was surprisingly busy for a weeknight. Katie behind the bar was the perfect bartender. Nice and attentive without being too familiar and made one of the best cosmos I ever had. I had the tilapia tacos which were the perfect size. Spicy but not hot. Well seasoned and just large enough. Good to split as a starter. I would definitely come back, at a minimum to have another of Katie's killer cosmos.Went here with NYE with a rather large party of 7 (large for the space) and at no fault to Rouge, we weren't seated until 25 minutes after our reservation. The party before us was enjoying their dinner and taking their time. They did offer us a cocktail while we waited, which was lovely. 
We ordered the 5 cheese platter which was lovely; great cheeses, although I have no idea what was what! 
Next was the seafood apps- calamari, escargot, and mussels. I'm not as adventurous with calamari, but I liked it. The mussels were delicious and bread was plentiful for dipping in the sauce, but I have to say the escargot with goat cheese was hands down the BEST escargot I've ever had. EVER. I told my boyfriend I wanted to come if only for wine and escargot. 
Main course was next! There were a good amount of NYE specials, but I opted for the salmon and kale. Kale was perfect, salmon was great. I also got to try one of the NYE specials of scallops and a truffle oil risotto. It. was. epic. I'm a huge fan of truffle oil and wish I could have had more. 
Over all, top notch experience and I look forward to going back, and perhaps some alfresco dining in the spring and summer!Excellent service and food was wonderful. We did not have reservations for lunch and when we walked in they assisted us in getting a table by the open window, which was very kind considering it was a perfect day and perhaps would have been filled quickly. I would return in a heartbeat! Highly recommend.I enjoy the ambiance, décor, food, & the cocktails. Rouge is right across the street from Rittenhouse Park. It is a good place to take a date or meet up with friends for some drinks & dinner. You can always sit outside, or by the bar to get a good view.
The dress code for this place is casual but, it's a more sophisticated casual. This isn't your let me throw on jeans & a t-shirt type of place. It's a bit more dressy. I can appreciate that. This place seems to target people in there 30's & 40's but, I also see people in there 20's as well. It is definetly, a more mature environment which is nice.
During my most recent visit, I ordered the cheese plate that came with 5 different types of cheeses. I loved the french bread that came right along side of it. Everything was very fresh & flavorful. Cheese plates are usually a hit or miss for me. I enjoyed mine here. It comes with jam, grapes, & slices of apple. I really like the portion sizes here as well. Not to big but, not to small either.
If you are looking for a posh, upscale yet laid back atmosphere then Rouge, is definetly the place to go.Rouge Bar Score: 21
Burger Quality: 5
Bun: 4
Fries: 4
Extras:  4
Value: 4
2 Sentence Review: Great burger...you will taste the seasoning on the fries for days.  Atmosphere is similar to my Aunt Pats dining room.
------------------------------------------- 
How does Burger Einstein's rating system work? 
- Burgers are rated across 5 categories (see below) 
- Category scores can range from 0 to 5, with 5 being "Outstanding".   
- Total score (out of 25) is determined.  Scores above 20 earn 5 Stars (rare), between 16 and 20 gets 4 stars and so on 
Burger Einstein Categories 
1. Burger Quality: Good meat or Bubba Burger? 
2. Bun: Does it compliment the burger or overwhelm it?   
3. Fries: Do I accept the guilt or compare them to my Ex 
4. Extras: Wild card.  Could range from Cheese to bourbon to atmosphere 
5. Value: Burger cost relative to smiles (heavily influenced by how much bourbon I drink)Food was awesome at this place and price was great. Just needed a better waitress to make it perfect. Took a girl there for a date and loved it.best burgers, hands down -- but don't give in to the pressures of pretense; go comfortably, yet, respectfully, and you'll have a great time!It's a fancy little place but the food wasn't outstanding.  It's decent American food (burgers, salad..) I'm in the middle on this place, It's not bad but not great.    
Price: $-$$
Service: good
Groups: groups of 5-6 max
Would I come back? not likelyStumbled upon Rouge accidentally -- walking around Philly on a beautiful day.  People were eating at the outside tables and everything looked good, so we decided to give it a try.  Service, food, decor and ambience were all a pleasant surprise.  There was no wait for an indoor  table at lunchtime, so we took it.  It's a small place with a large oval bar in the center.  Very comfortable, casual but chic.  Food was excellent - we had the Rouge salad & day boat scallops.  Very fresh, all good quality food - delicious.  Nice selection of wines by the glass.  Liked it so much we wanted to go back the following day (Saturday) for lunch .... but (this was at 2:30PM) they had only a brunch menu available and the items we remembered from the day before that we wanted to try were not available.  That was the only disappointment... but I guess it was our fault for not knowing the place -- the weekend brunch only menu is clearly outlined on their website.  Would definitely go back to Rouge next time we're in Philly.Was in Philadelphia this week on business and thought what better time to try to follow up on GQ magazine's list of "the 20 hamburgers you must eat before you die".  Rouge has #4 on the list.  So like a woman on a mission- I sought out my prey.
Rouge is charming.  A Parisian style bistro located right on the edge of Rittenhouse Square.  It was a beautiful spring day and the windows were open to the park and all the people hoping to see and be seen were at this place.  We wanted to sit outside but there were no tables large enough for our group of 5 so we ended up inside.  This was okay with us as the bar is unique with its scalloped edge and there are silk curtains hanging ceiling to floor adding to the overall ambiance of the place.  In two words- lovely and unexpected!
But enough of the frivolities- back to the burger.  The Rouge Burger is $15 and comes simply with carmelized onions and cheese.   There is leaf lettuce and tomato on the side and the pommes frites that accompany it are also quite good.  
Now this review is only based on half of the burger (I am assuming the other half was just as good!)  but this thing was HUGE!  It had to be at least a half a pound of beef!  Order it medium rare and you have a thing of beauty.  Mmmm, mmmm, It definitely belongs on this list!
Oh, we also tried to balance out our meat fetish with some salad- the arugula lunch salad was good as was the salad nicoise.  A "heads up" on the nicoise "salad"  there is no lettuce- more like a piece of grilled tuna and sliced eggs, etc.
The funniest part of the lunch was here were 5 women sitting around a table each with the biggest burger in the world in front of them and the men sitting around us in their fancy business suits were nibblin' on salads!  We got quite a chuckle from it. 
Rouge is definitely on my return list the next time I am in Philly.  Now, only 19 more burgers to go on the list!My friend with eclectic and expensive taste brought me here. Would I go back, probably not. There are much cheaper options and much better food for the price you pay here. If you want to people watch, this could be the spot for you as they have sidewalk seating.All fish dishes were excellent (halibut, tacos and shrimp dumplings!). The prices were right and the location, just perfect!  This is a very pleasant option for an early evening dinner close to Rittenhouse Square.  It can be sometimes loud, but the food will overcome the talkative guests!I have been here many times before but was disappointed with the service.  My waitress, Dena, was offensive and argumentative .  After waiting for 20 minutes for a burger, her response was it will be ready when it is ready, not what I would expect.  Any time I asked this question elsewhere, the answer was  usually I  will go check on it for you.  Once I got my food, I gave the server my card to close out.  After finishing and waiting at least 5 minutes, I needed to leave, so I went into to the bar to discover my waitress chatting up a table and greeting friends.  When I told the hostess, I needed my card, at that point Dena said I am your waitress. I know, but I gave my card when I was served, and no one returned it.  That is when she became somewhat argumentative, saying that I was still eating.  When I informed her that i was done a while ago, she still persisted in a confrontational manner in front of a large bar crowd .  The other waiters that were taking orders from the outside tables were more than attentive to their customers and made sure that they were given their food in a timely manner.Two stars for the vibe/atmosphere and attentive service. Drinks are OK but nothing too creative or special. Food is disappointing, and frankly, overrated. 
Ordered their famous burger medium rare, which came out medium well. Had a few bites and the server replaced it with an extremely rare burger -- steak tartare, anyone? I just sort of gave up and left half of it on the plate. 
My dining companion's chicken was decent. Tuna tartare appetizer was uninspired. For this we spent nearly $200. Won't go back any time soon.My friends and I came here for lunch last week. The restaurant is located right across the street from Rittenhouse Square park. It would be cool to eat outside here but it was freezing the day we went. The atmosphere in here is very posh. I ordered a glass of the less expensive chardonnay, it was good but extremely overpriced like in almost every restaurant. I ended up ordering the rouge burger and upgraded my fries to truffle fries upon our waitress's recommendation. The burger was huge, it is almost laughable that it even comes with fries. The patty looked like a giant meatball and it was difficult to eat. It was a good burger, but it didn't blow my mind and it definitely was not the best burger i've ever had. It was extremely filling and I could not even finish it. The parmesan truffle fries were delicious, although I did not end up eating most of them because the burger made me feel so stuffed. When it came time for dessert, I did not want any but my friend wanted to get something so I said I would pick at her chocolate chip bread pudding. Wow! That was amazing. Definitely the highlight of the meal. Despite being full, I ended up eating a lot of it because it was so good. Service at Rouge was top notch. Everyone we encountered gave us great service. Now the pricing was kind of a lot, the most I have ever spent on lunch. I probably would feel more okay about spending so much if I enjoyed my burger more. But, everyone I was with loved their food but me, so I guess I just picked a bad entree. If I came here again, I would try something other than the burger.OK this is also a delayed review because I last ate here in January. 
We were seated quickly and I had a delicious breakfast with a great view. At the end of our meal our waiter overheard me telling my family friends that my wallet was stolen so I was living off of free food from my grad school until my new credit card was mailed to me. He came over with a bag of bread! I felt like a homeless person but how sweet is that?!I've always thought of Rouge as a posh lounge with an award-winning burger. Little did I know that a fantastic meal can be had here, too. My Steak Tartare and Seared Tuna were really good and my friend Chris' Pan Seared Duck Breast with chorizo corn hash and morel mushrooms was excellent. I was particularly impressed with the accompanying black rice with maitake mushrooms in my tuna dish and the hash in Chris'. A top chef always cares about the side items that accompany the featured item. The flavors in each dish were very nicely done. The drinks were very good, too, not the usual jet fuel they serve to patrons sitting and drinking under the canopy. Rouge exceeded my expectations. I had doubts, but my doubts were totally obliterated.Ate lunch here with my wife during the week, we each got a burger and sat outside watching all the people walk around the street and square. A little pricey, but hey, you are paying for the experience I guess.We had a lovely lunch here last week--2 pups, my girlfriend and I.  She had the beet salad and I had the tuna salad.  Both were superb.  Cleaned our plates!  They were very accommodating with the dogs, too.  A very nice time, and a beautiful day to sit outdoors.  We will definitely return!Stumbled in here for a drink as the night was winding down and have to say it just felt like a place to be seen.  
The drinks were good for a late night cocktail spot but can't review the food.  I could sense a bit of uptight attitude from the service and the space is small but since it is in a prime location it seemed people didn't mind the enviorment just to be out and seen by others.Rouge is red hot. Decor and food rock. Burger, Mac & Cheese and Martini's are my pick.....Getting better since that horrible chef left that was there last year. His culinary contributions to this place where pitiful....and that's being kind. He seemed more concerned with standing outside than making sure the food was good. Good call getting rid of him. I understand that the chef from before is back and it shows. Even though I thought things were best at this restaurant when Zagorski was there. The service is still good, but I must say, the new managers are a far cry from Heather, who was awesome. This new guy is almost rude in his demeanor towards customers. Maybe they will bring Heather back like they did the chef. With all that said, the burger is still awesome and the cheese plate is great. If I could ask for one thing, though, is this awesome duck Reuben that they did for awhile back when the food and soups were GREAT. Bring back the Reuben!!!!!Very stylish. Nice beer list. The bread pudding was fantastic. The mussels were not. Almost NYC prices in Philadelphia.I loved this place. Even the bread and butter were delicious. Our server was incredibly helpful and sweet and the food was fantastic.  Escargot was delicious! Oh and the duck salad, holy crap!!!! So good.  Ambiance was awesome, all in all just a really great experience.My Philly go-to place for lunch. I love their burgers and their pommes frites.  I always take the other half of the burger and fries home because I can never finish the whole thing. Cute spot for a lunch/dinner date with your significant other or a brunch date with your friends (mimosas are pricey but delicious).  The only down side is that they don't take reservations, but the wait isn't usually too bad.I went here for late-night cocktails, and the ambiance was what I expected, although the bar whole place was smaller than I imagined. It was pretty crowded, so my crew had to stand in the corner near the walkway for the servers, and that got a little awkward. Obviously they were having a good night, so they happily served us despite the uncomfortable physical closeness. 
The music was random 80's Top40 hits... which was perfect for the more mature crowd and interesting vibe.
Negatives: No beer on tap, drinks are pricy, it's a little "stuffy" for me.
Pros: Awesome people watching, great Rittenhouse location, yummy martinis.
I heard I need to try the burger, so that, I will do next time.The food is good, the location is good and the service was also good. You get what you pay for at Rouge and it seems fair. I had heirloom tomato salad with mozarella cheese and my very handsome friend had the lunch portioned scallops. Both items are just enough to fill you up and the price range isn't so bad - the scallops I believe were $14 for 2pcs of medium sized scallops and moral mushrooms+asparagus and the tomato salad was $13...I think. We had a couple drinks, too. I don't know a whole a lot about wine but I drink wine occasionally and I really like their wine list. Praise Jovly Vouvray!!
The venue is pretty tiny but everything is velvet and makes you feel like you should be snobby and pretentious. So I did. :p
P.S. I know Rouge burger is big and delish but I did not get this because I could always get them at 500 degrees. ;)definitely a cool art deco spot . awesome location fun atmosphere. lunch menu is totally mediocre at best. cant speak for the dinner menu. i had the burger, bobbys burger palace is better and cheaper. calamari was weak. switched my burger with my moms duck salad and it was absolutely amazing. love the french press coffee. john our server was great, professional, friendly, and polite. management was great. cute hostess. would totally bring my girl back here for a drink and to try the dinner menu.The Eggs Benedict over Corned Beef Hash is the stuff of legends. However, the staff is obnoxious enough that i try to avoid this place at all costs. Very bad business practices. However, if you are looking for an amazing brunch Benedict be sure not to miss it but be prepared for rude service and a hefty bill.I have been curious about Rouge for a long time, I was apprehensive about trying it considering they do not take reservations, and was concerned that they would be very busy and have a long wait. However when walking past the restaurant I was delighted to see that there were several open tables. 
Upon entering the atmosphere was very luxurious and had a elegant feel to it. However it is a very small space, the hostess seated us at a table which was right adjacent to the bar area, it didn't leave much room for comfort. I inquired about the 3 open tables by the window which were open, but was told "they are spoken for". For a place that "doesn't" take reservations this was disheartening. 
We decided to stay even though the hostess seemed to have an attitude at this point. We ordered the Rouge Burger and the Gnocchi. The burger was delicious, however I think it was very overpriced. The burger ended up being $18, and the Gnocchi was delicious but also overpriced for the serving. 
The sever was very pleasant and attentive with our drinks, however disappeared when it was time to take the check. Overall, the food was good but overpriced and the hostess's attitude was unnecessary considering how many excellent restaurants there are in the area for either the same money or less. Those tables sat empty for our entire meal, and other patrons left the restaurant because they wouldn't seat them at those tables instead of packing them in like sardines. I only gave it 2 stars because the food and server was good. I used the email on the website about our seating/hostess issue and received no response. 
I won't be returning there ever again.Everything is delicious, you can't make a wrong choice. Service is great and the place is cozy. Just a tad hot!Velvet walls, handcrafted cocktails and a late night menu that includes truffle fries. How can one go wrong? 
While the rest of the street looked quiet this Friday night, Rouge was tittering owith the sounds of beautiful people and liveliness. Their late night menu serves until 1 am and includes vittles of deliciousness including $1 oysters, tuna tartare, gruyere and caramelized onion sliders. 
Service was super friendly and the food came out fast. I can't complain!One of my alltime favorite restaurants. Rouge is very close to our office, and we have probably eaten there 100 times. I like it every time. It's funny how people do the cutdown thing about the patrons -- I go most of the time in a black t-shirt and jeans (we have an agency) and that works fine with people who are in bespoke. There's a good mix at Rouge.
I agree that Tommy, the bartender, is the best. He is efficient and entertaining. The waitstaff is excellent. We went last night with some friends and I can say we had another great time sitting inside in front of the windows. 
As an added bonus: You can see a lot of Philadelphia and out-of-town glitterati at Rogue. But it's no big deal because they're there so often. What does that tell you?As a regular for over four years now, I can honestly say, without hesitation, that this establishment never disappoints.  Whether coming for a weekday lunch, late night weekend cocktail with friends, or brunch on Sundays, I have never had a single complaint.  
The staff is extremely prompt and courteous and always takes an extra several minutes to chat.  The cocktails are interesting and vary depending on the season and the menu always changes to highlight what ingredients are currently in season.  
It is a place with great integrity and sumptuous in both food and character.I visited Rouge with a friend for Sunday brunch.  The typical brunch type options on the menu weren't too enticing, so I opted for something more lunchy on the menu  and ordered the lamb burger.  The burger was huge and impossible to eat as an actual sandwich, so I ended up having to cut it up. The burger by itself was good, cooked well and juicy. The bread was soggy though, the lettuce limp and the tzaziki sauce not too flavorful.  It came with fries which were overly salty for my liking.  The mimosa was fine, but really how can you mess up a mimosa?
The service was decent but honestly I don't get the appeal of this place.  I don't mind spending a few extra bucks for a nice meal and a fancy atmosphere, but the food here does not warrant the price.   Brunch options were minimal and overpriced.   Maybe it's better for dinner and a view, if you can snag a table outside when the weather is nice.Cool place. A little small inside. The food and ambience were good. Actually it was a little too dark for my liking, but it wasn't an issue. Went here for a birthday celebration with a party of 12. Everything(Lamb meatballs and Bronzino) I had was perfectly cooked and delicious. Gotta come back for the Rouge burger.This place is classic Rittenhouse Square. Some of the best mixed drinks on the Square. Good food too. Very Frenchy decor love it!!!Food was great, burger was very tasty but extremely overrated as "best burger in Philly" (listed in the top 3 burgers on at least 5 or 6 sites including PhillyMag).  It's delicious but nowhere near the best and for $16 it's crazy overpriced. 
3 stars because Very overpriced.  My wife and I split a burger and an appetizer, and I ordered 1 glass of wine.  Bill: $64...yeah...no.  This isn't NY, need NY salaries to pay for NY burgers people.
Staff was nice but the fryer was down and we couldn't order 3 of the things we wanted and they didn't offer a discount or even suggest solid alternatives.Even though its pretenious and pricey, the food is always good and i always have a great time! ...and i always get hit on by dirty old men who buy me really expensive martinis!
Went there since i wrote this and you must try the Expresso Martini's! and yes, some dirty old man bought me them.. consistancy is key.Last night 2 friends and I ate at Rouge.  It was a perfect night to eat outside, so we did...nearly in the street...at a miniature table probably best suited to one or two.  But we also thought this was pretty funny.  Anyway I was ostensibly here for the world famous Gruyere Cheese slathered Rouge Burger.  But then I picked up the menu and everything started jumping at me...It all sounded so good!  I almost got the Herb Roasted Chicken, then the Pork Loin...then our hot waitress Jenny said she'd just come back to the table in a minute.  So I jumped back to the Burger, which is why I wanted to go to Rouge in the first place.
The Burger did not disappoint.  You almost have to dislocate your jaw to fit it in your mouth, but thats how it should be with a burger!  I could've stood for it to be SLIGHTLY rarer, but it was still mega juicy and flavorful.  The onions also didn't overpower me, which I was slightly afraid of.  My one friends veggie pasta dish looked good, but she said it was uninspired.  My other friend had 2 smaller plates, the incredibly delicious looking Seafood trio thing in a Saffron sauce and the Lobster/Shrimp Spring Rolls.  He said all was good.  
For dessert I went with the Banana Cream Pie....the Cream itself was totally awesome.  I would definitely order it again... A woman at the next table asked me if it was good as it looked, and then she ordered one of her own...then the table next to her asked her the same question and when they went to order it, it was all gone...I guess I was one of the lucky ones.  I was also lucky a car didn't jump the curb and crash into our table...maybe next time I'll eat inside.  But there will be a next time.Really good service even though I came right in the middle of the lunch rush. The staff worked really well together, kept their cool, & were friendly. Highly recommend.Rouge burger, up to the hype? It's a darn good burger and was cooked to order all the way through. The brioche bun started to fall apart with the burger's juiciness, but thankfully I was already starting to get full, so I didn't mind. The pickle was nothing special: just a somewhat smushy spear. The fries were great: crispy, plentiful, and not overly salty.
Is Rouge where I'd go if I was craving a burger? Probably not (only because I know of other places to get amazing burgers). But if I was with a group of diners who wanted interesting salads (kale with shrimp? with fried green tomatoes?), good fries, fish tacos, and other non-burger foods in a good location with good service, Rouge is definitely a solid option.This is one of my favorite places to go in Philadelphia. They have amazing food, drinks, and it is a prime spot for people watching if you choose to sit outside! Last time we came here we got the seafood tower (I can't remember what the name of it was) and it was amazing. My brother also ordered the Rouge burger (even though all three of us were so full from the tower!) and that was equally incredible. I also noticed (what looked to be) some couples on first dates--it looked to be a good choice!Rouge is one of my favorite places to eat in the Philly! I love the burger, the french onion soup, and the steak is very good as well. The place is small but the atmosphere is nice. However, after many visits, the last time that we went we had terrible service. The soup took a half hour to come out and the waitress really never came over to our table even once the food came out to check. The food was still great, so we'll go back and try again.Amazing that if you call something by a fancy name you can charge boatloads more than it's really worth.  At $16.00 my beet tartare was fantastic (beet NOT beef).  But seriously, charging as much as your famous Rouge burger?  For a couple of red beets and a quarter sized piece of cheese?
Maybe one of the best places in the city to sit and think "my god, I'm glad I'm not like these people" (in an I'm dirtier and much nicer sort've way).  This may have been b/c the table of middle aged jerks next to me (who probably all took their wedding rings off before coming in) were talking way too loudly about the interns they had last summer in a creepy Humbert Humbert sort've way.Excellent food, service, and cozy atmosphere in the heart of Rittenhouse square. Great place for a weekday dinner (first come first serve) in addition to the reputation of being an awesome brunch place. Its a small place and there's a bar area in the middle of the restaurant which I can imagine getting crowded easily as the night goes on.My twin and I used to come here during the college days at Penn.  We would come here for brunch, sit outside, share their hamburger and two glasses of wine.  
Located on the outskirts of Rittenhouse Square, Rouge is a perfect place for a date or place to spend time with your girls.  
Afterward, go for a stroll in the square or burn off that burger - shopping!!Disappointing,
The staff is s little pretentious. From the door you feel uncomfortable.  Two of the staff wore sunglasses indoor!  And one was the GM!  Yikes.  They blend in well with the parade of delusion  just outside there door. 
Food? Meh,  not interesting. My entree was not balanced and the apps were boring.  Not the best choice in that square...
Decor is amazing.This is my second dinner at Rouge and my first review of Rouge. There were four of us. We ate scallops, a burger, escargot, soup, green beans, Brussels and drinks coffee and tea. Our bill with tip touched close to $190.00. Our server was efficient but really pushed alcohol -he offered to have me spend for another glass,  my wine still had a third of a glass left. It was not what I ordered so I never finished it. The sound in the Resturant was really loud . The soup was excellent, the burger was Meh. The wait time was excessive for the food which came out at room temperature. My suggestion to you all would be if you want a drink sit at the bar, make sure you are getting what you are paying for and go somewhere else for dinner.I treat myself once a year to a burger at rouge.  it's usually the first beautiful day of the season when all the pretty girls shed their winter clothes and take a walk in rittenhouse square.  Me and my boy Phil just relax at a nice sidewalk table and enjoy the whole experience.  O, i almost forgot to mention the food.  sorry, i got caught up in reliving the scenery.  The burger is amazing.  juicy and high quality.  It's expensive but worth the treat.  One of my top five spots to get a burger.I ate at Rouge for the first time this past weekend and absolutely loved it. My friend and I ate on the patio as it was a surprisingly warm February day. I ordered the Ahi Tuna sandwich with the Parmesan truffle fries, while my friend ordered the Turkey and Brie sandwich. First, let me start off by saying the presentation of the food was beautiful and it tasted even better than it looked. I will definitely be back to try more of the different options on the menu, especially their unique cocktails. I definitely believe Rouge is a MUST if you are visiting Philadelphia.I would give this place 2.5 stars.  My main gripe about Rouge is that I feel the food is way overpriced.  Their burger is yummy but $16 is a bit much for a regular-sized burger with some fries.  The fries are tasty but you can go to Five Guys and get a huge bag of delicious fries for a fraction of the price.  I think the restaurant feels the prices are justified by the fancy decor and the outdoor seating overlooking the East side of Rittenhouse Square, but maybe next time I'll opt to sit at Parc or Devon.
I've also gone to Rouge just for drinks on a weekday night, and it was ok.  The wine selection is just alright and the bottled beers are overpriced.  I also tried the eggs benedict which was tasty but way too small.  The focaccia bread it came on was very flavorful though and the salad is always good.  I also find the type of people who are at Rouge kind of strange.  They seem to be the "nouveau rich" and you see a lot of designer bags, makeup and sugar daddies.  Perhaps this is what the restaurant is going for..?Having never been to Rouge all these years, we stopped in and it looks like a lot of regulars hang out there. We ordered the burgers and both came way over cooked and pretty much dry and flavorless, which was a shame because they looked so good when presented. A young man next to us order a burger that he sent back as it was supposed to be med rare and was well done, just like ours. Ours took too long to get to send them back.Love the ambiance of this place --- it's very cozy and dimly lit, which gives it a nice romantic feel. It's located right across the street from rittenhouse square park, which is a plus! The view of the park was especially beautiful with the Christmas decor. 
I recommend the crispy calamari, which was perfectly made and served with pieces of pickled chilli peppers that added a nice kick. I also recommend the herb roasted organic chicken and the truffle parmesan pommes frites (french fries seasoned with truffle oil and grated parmesan cheese). 
On the contrary, the pork and veal springrolls weren't great --- it was crispy but the filling wasn't anything to rave about. I had high expectations about the rouge burger but I was disappointed --- I didn't enjoy the bun, there was something off about the caramelized onions and the burger itself just lacked flavor. The chocolate chip bread pudding didn't have the consistency of a typical bread pudding. It was a bit dense so I wasn't a fan. However, the vanilla gelato that was served with the bread pudding was great.
As for cocktails, the moscow mule was delicious!Impromptu dinner at Rouge last night makes me remember why I like it so much.
We started with the tuna tartar, which is always yummy, especially with the wasabi and the chips.
My husband, of course went with the burger, which is normally my staple. I decided to get the striped bass. Not too bad. A little more seared at the top than I normally would go for, but it was still great. Dessert was the carmelized banana split. Yes, it sounds as good as it tastes! I ended up with a bill that was 50% food and 50% drinks. Had the bordeaux and malbec. Bordeaux was slightly pricey in my book, but still good.
The crowd is always a little older with cougar central after 11pm. I still enjoy the atmosphere for dinnertime though.I used to come here all the time since I live very close..this used to be my spot every time I went out with my girlfriends..I loved the drinks and the atmosphere ..that's till we met that grumpy bartender Tommy..I work in the industry so I understand that maybe you have a bad day , but with this guy is something else..I understand that you are gay and don't like women, but to treat me and my girls that way is unacceptable..I went tonite again after a long time and he rolled his eyes at me , so I spoke with the manager( which was very nice and understanding ) and I left ..if you don't like customers then you should not work in this industry..he works Tues nights so I recommend avoiding this place when he works unless you want a drink with an attitude ..very, very disappointing since I used to love coming here for drinks ..:-(Had brunch here today. It was basic. But I love to come here. The atmosphere is coZy and comfortable.It always warm in temp and the servers are very friendly.We went here for a work dinner based off of a recommendation and it did not disappoint. The burger was tired as the best in the US and I have to agree. Great bun and well seasoned burger with onions and cheese.good for a slightly (but not too) upmarket sort of meal.
portions were pretty small, but the food was good. i especially adore the seafood risotto. 
i came at night and the lighting inside was a little too dark for my liking (i like to be able to see the people i'm talking to clearly, as well as the food that i'm eating) but otherwise, come here for the food!Great spot with good people watching during the summer. We had great food and good service.I love a burger and a beer and as EVERYONE in Philly knows, this place has one of the best.  Sure it's double the price of a burger anywhere else but it's worth it.
Rather than rehash what all the other reviewers said I'll leave it at that.  kathy t has a good review that gives you the low-down on the burger scene.I enjoyed the ambiance here: the small space was dimly lit, the music really matched the laid back mood, and the seating was nice and cozy.  The drinks were particularly strong, so you will absolutely get your money's worth. This place reminds me a speakeasy. 
I thought the service could have been better--our waitress was either rushing us to order or completely ignoring us. It got better as the night wore on, but first impressions are everything. 
Note - I did not get any food here, I only got drinks.  The kitchen closes at 11p.m. so be sure to get food before if you are coming here later than that (like we did).  
I suggest that people come here as an after dinner/ late night drink spot. It's for a date or a small group (no bigger than 6 people).  
I'll definitely be back!Anyone who's anyone in Philadelphia will tell you that Philly's best burger is at Rouge.  This small Rittenhouse hot spot is often teeming with young professionals who spill out onto the sidewalk drinking cocktails and eating upscale bistro fare.  I came here last night with the BF on a whim since I was already in the neighborhood and I was craving a really good burger.
The burger, at $16, is massive: a 12oz patty topped with caramelized onions and melted gruyere, served on brioche of course, with lettuce, tomato, and a pickle on the side.  It also comes with a tall basket of pommes frites, but it's honestly not needed since the burger itself is quite filling.  Because the burger is so big, it tends to slip out of the bread quite easily upon eating (especially if you cut it in half, which is necessary to eat this thing).  But despite its massive size, the patty is incredibly juicy and flavorful.  The onions and cheese are the perfect toppings to go along with it, and everything works really well together.  
Rouge is definitely a win after having a string of so-so and mediocre burgers around town.  Is it the best burger in Philly?  I would argue that Grace Tavern's burger and fries are much better (and cheaper), but Rouge's burger is still a very very solid and tasty product.
Otherwise, the service and atmosphere at Rouge are terrific.  It's a chic vibe with friendly. attentive servers.  Definitely sit outside if you can so you can people watch on the sidewalk and across the street towards Rittenhouse Park (and because the inside is very noisy).  Overall, I would definitely return to try other items on the menu.  The food is excellent and stands up to its reputation.I recently had a hankering for a burger and ventured over to Rouge.  As most of the review suggest it was delish!  A huge burger cooked medium, with caramelized onions and Gruyere cheese....it melted in my mouth and I'm sure onto my hips!  It was a great splurge, so good that I didn't really even touch the fires of most of the bun!  Definitely worth a little extra time in the gym.Beautiful location. With a few of Rittenhouse Square. This location is a great place to relax and enjoy great cuisine on a hot summer day. I agree this place is trendy and chic. Highly recommend it.We ended up here for dinner Saturday night when our original choice had too long a wait, and I'm glad things went how they did. Sat outside because it was a beautiful night and the wait was only 10 minutes -- I was with older family and inside would probably have been too dark and noisy for them anyway. The table was hurriedly bused before we sat down; the tablecloth was soiled but our waitress immediately replaced the linen and apologized, so no harm done.
Appetizers -- dad had the escargot and seemed happy, I had the shrimp spring rolls and they were great. Just enough tang without being overseasoned. Entrees -- I had the best scallops I've ever eaten; actually cut them into small pieces to make them last longer. Tender and not at all rubbery, perfectly seasoned, huge. The risotto they were served over was okay, nothing amazing, but that's all right. Mom had a steak which she said was "like butter;" dad had fish. My white peach sangria tasted more like liquor and less like sangria but the food was so great I wouldn't begrudge them an ordinary drink. Dessert -- Creme brulee, which I have eaten all over France, and this was one of the top two I've ever had. The coffee was great as well.
Our waitress was quick, attentive, polite, and efficient; just friendly enough to be friendly without being annoying. All in all, her service was top-notch.
As far as atmosphere goes, I can't say too much since we sat on the street. It was a great people-watching location. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this place to anyone. I may be back in Baltimore now, but I'm not kidding when I say I'm still thinking about those scallops.Rouge is a small little cafe in one of Philadelphia's best neighborhoods. It is also a great place to people watch from a sidewalk table or meet inside for a drink. 
Fried oysters were lightly battered cooked just long enough so that the oyster was not dry. Salad was crisp and refreshing. The Rouge burger is pretty big and one of my favorite burgers, one of my top three. 
Service is friendly and I found accommodating.Can someone say DOUCHEY!!!  This place sucks balls... This place looks like its typically frequented by middle aged men wearing Ed Hardy deep v-neck t-shirts.  Expect bad service and old people talking about motorcycles and wrinkled tattoos.We are used to going to Parc which is right next door however on this morning we didn't feel like waiting so we came to Rouge where there was no wait, unfortunately we figured out why there was no wait, and we will not be returning. 
The ambiance is similar to next door but not as elaborate or overwhelmingly beautiful. The view of rittenhouse is just as nice.
The food was a 3/5 overall. The table ordered a bagel, pancakes, French toast and omelette. The bagel was on par with dunkin donuts (maybe better at dunkin if ur there early).  The French toast was delicious, a strong 4. The pancakes were very moist and fluffy but not too much flavor. The omelette was dry and watery and lacking all sorts of flavor. The pressed coffee was the star of the table. 
The service, despite how good or bad the food is, is the main reason we will not be returning. The actual servers were extremely nice and therefore I feel somewhat bad writing this, but the restaurant clearly just needed to hire more staff. We waited an extremely long time for water, an even longer time for coffee, the food wait was just slow not extremely long, the wait for the bill was so long we wanted to leave and the aggravating part was that once we have our credit cards we had to wait another 15minutes to get them back and leave! 
Overall, decent enough food for a diner, not this type of place though, and we will now always wait the extra time to go down the street.Rouge is an absolute gem right on beautiful Rittenhouse Square. We were seated at a window table on a cold Saturday night and the people watching both at the bar and on the square is exquisite. But not as exquisite as the service - I know it's not possible but I felt like we had 3 servers all taking care of only us - or as exquisite as the food! We were a diverse group but could not have been more pleased with our array of yummy Korean buns, pho, burgers, truffle fries and steak frites. And the best martini I've had in a very long time. All at a price that we found remarkably reasonable. Don't hesitate. Go. Soon.Dinner here on an uncrowded Sunday night was really chill and enjoyable. You walk into the sumptuous but unstuffy dining room and think: "ahhhhhh. relax time! and why yes I think I'll have a martini." 
Server was cool. Calamari for our appetizer was the best thing about the meal and so fresh n' so clean clean tasting we got 2 of 'em. Crispy, fresh sea taste, could've used maybe a pinch more salt. 
My french onion soup (I always look forward to french onion soup) wasn't the richest tasting version I've ever had. I kept taking multiple slurps thinking, "ok, the next one will be a burst of onion-y goodness, " but sadly no. There was plenty of melted Gruyere cheese, but hadn't been crisped up under the broiler quite long enough. 
I got the famous burger that everyone raves about but surprisingly it was kinda bland,  and at 16 bucks, a little $$$ey.  It was HUGE but the patty was pretty underseasoned and the ground beef sort of had a strange consistency... I can't really describe it,  but let me put it this way: I had 2 bites where I might have bitten into some kind of gristle that found its way into the burger. Yeah, weird. Anyway, the bun was tasty and fries were REALLY nicely crisped and salted just right. I had to ask for a side of mayonnaise which is always annoying. Um, who eats their burgers plain? Yeah, no one. 
Mishaps aside, it's a relaxing place and I could see myself falling into one of the comfy booths maybe one night a week if I lived here.If you're looking for a fantastic location, great drinks, great service, and most notably, AMAZING food-- you are in the right place! Chef Sam Noh is as good as it gets. I have eaten the majority of dishes offered regularly as well as many of their constantly changing specials, and I'm always wowed. Simply, perfection. I can't say enough good things. I highly recommend a visit to Rouge, you won't be dissapointed!This was another three-four star waver situation... But our server really pushed the rating over to four..
Our server was freakin' awesome.  Super friendly, really fast, lots of good answers to questions, etc. etc.  We sat out on the sidewalk and after taking our drink and appetizer orders and noticing our dog, she said, "well my next task is to bring her some water and a treat."  A few minutes later our dog has a shiny bowl of water and an enormous dog biscuit.  Literally right behind her comes a runner with our appetizer.  We were having a late lunch so it's possible she noticed the look of starvation-induced insanity in my eye, but either way.  I was super pleased with the speed.
The appetizer -- the friend oysters -- were a little salty, but other than that, delicious.. and the little bread rolls, while cool, were nice and crusty and came with a pat of butter sprinkled with salt.  Little touches like this make me a happy girl.  
The burger... the famous famous burger... Why must hype always ruin food?
I mean, ok, it's picture perfect, so maybe it plays well in the glossy pages of a magazine.  Round, juicy, covered with bubbly gruyere cheese.. gleaming buttery brioche roll... flawless piece of butter lettuce made more green by the accompanying bright red tomato.. fries in a cute little metal cup/cage thing with paper lining... It's really gorgeous.
Unfortunately, beneath that beautiful exterior lies disappointment.  I think the extra salt that ended up in the oyster remoulade should have been in the burger patty.  We the chef's advice and went with medium rare, but that burger was far more to the side of rare than medium rare.  I love rare steak, but super rare ground beef tends to be mushy and underseasoned rare ground beef is both mushy and not particularly tasty.  All in all, the burger was lovely to look at but basically a disappointment.  Sitting out on the sidewalk is great and the details are all well attended to, but for $16 I want my beautiful burger to taste as good as it looks.  (The fries, thankfully, lived up to their pretty exterior.)  We'll probably go back to try some of the other stuff, based in part on these reviews and in part on how delightful those friend oysters were... but I probably won't get the burger again.I love this place. Seriously makes one of the top 3 burgers I've ever had, but that's not the best part -- the mac n cheese is phenomenal! I ate til my belt burst open. This place is pretty pricey, but oh so worth it!We had heard about Rouge and its much-heralded best burger in Philadelphia, so on a recent visit to Philadelphia we put it on our must-visit list.
Reading on-line reviews for Rouge, two negatives appeared frequently:  many reviewers had experienced poor service and many cited as a negative the fact that there is an obvious crowd of regulars at Rouge.  Because of Rouge's small size, several reviewers noted long waits for tables.
We encountered none of these negatives during our visit.  Our server, Tara, was superb.  She was attentive without being intrusive.  We never had to look for her once--drinks were refilled, food was brought, and empty dishes were removed all without us giving any thought to it.
There most definitely is a regular crowd there, mostly centered around the bar.  It really didn't bother us; we never felt like outsiders.  I suppose this might be as much of an issue as you want to make it.
And, perhaps because we arrived at Rouge a few minutes before 6:00 PM (having read about the long waits for tables), we had no wait for a table.  Even with the sidewalk seating, the restaurant is small so I can see how during peak times there would be a wait.
The food was excellent.  The famous Rouge burger, a hefty patty topped with carmelized onions and gruyere cheese was quite good (and for $16 it ought to be!).  As it was the only burger I ate in Philadelphia on this trip, I'll leave it to others to argue about whether it is the best in Philadelphia, but it was quite good.  The hand cut fries (or frites) were also excellent.  The menu has a lot besides the burger, and everyone in our party was quite pleased with all of the appetizers, entrees, and desserts.
Rouge isn't cheap, but if you're looking to splurge a bit on a great meal, it's a place you should consider.If this was JUST about the burger- it would be 5 stars. However my boyfriend had the burger- and as always it was incredible. I had the crab cake sandwich- it was ehhhh. So the 5 star burger and the 3 star crab cake- I'm giving it 4 stars overall.
The cocktails are stiff and gave me a surprise afternoon buzz (followed by a little drunk shopping- always awesome).
This place is great for people watching and lounging for a lazy afternoon. Check it out.Return? If I'm in the neighborhood
Atmosphere (3+) Ate on the sidewalk across from the park. Very nice
Food (4) - Split a turkey sandwich, 
Service (3) Good, not great
Cost = Total tab before tax/tip was $16Best burger in town. Perfect fries. On point entrees and apps. Ditch parc, too Disney and sit on the square at the OG of al fresco diningI finally lost my Rouge virginity over brunch with a view of the square.
Sat outside on a Saturday at noon and enjoyed the mushroom truffle scramble accompanied by a very well made Bloody Mary. Can't beat the people watching, and the service is quick and accommodating. 
The eggs benedict here are great, too. Nice portion sizes and the ambiance can't be beat. I'll be back, especially with warm weather upon us..Full disclosure: I am presently awfully sick and completing several reviews...because I have time, lol.
I live at Parc Rittenhouse next door, and this is my favorite of the three restaurants along this part of 18th street.  It's small, sexy (think sweeping curtains, a round bar and pink seats) and quaint with a small but lively menu. I prefer to sit by the window rather than outside on 18th street, but it's a scene either way. Parc down the street has a bustling Parisian vibe; Rouge has an after-dark, swanky, romantic vibe.
Service is top notch and the food is delicious.  The Rouge Burger is actually really good, and is what many folks head there for. 
A true speakeasy-type place. Highly recommend.Rouge is one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia. It is super convenient to where I live and even does a program called "Rouge in your Room" aka room service with my apartment building. The food is incredible. I highly recommend the cheese platter. The shrimp were also incredible. As for the Rouge burger, it is to die for. Quite a large patty if I remember correctly so certainly more on the heavy side. The selection of drinks was very good as well. In terms of prices, Rouge is a little on the higher side, but well worth it in my opinion. I have only had good experiences in the multitude of times I have been there! 
ONE TIP: It gets quite busy in the evening and certainly for brunch on weekends. I recommend trying it early in the week when it is a little bit quieter.Possibly one of the best burgers in Philadelphia. The price of it may turn you off but you must give it a try. We are usually regulars at Rouge when the time permits. The atmosphere is great and warm and the people are wonderful. The menu also features a petite sirloin that will make your mouth literally water. When you are finished with dinner order the carrot cake for dessert you definitely will not go wrong. Give it a try if you are in the Rittenhouse Square area.Only went for drinks... so this review is based on that fact only....
Cool trendy bar on the square with an oval bar in the middle.  So the drinks were ok if not a bit pricey but on the square it was expected.   
I had a manhattan (traditional with rye). They only had bulliet which was OK but they ran out.  Service was a little sarcastic and forgetful, wines were limited and a bit cramped.  BUT it is a cool little hang out and a place to be seen.food was just okay nothing out of this world for the area, there are many other better options, our service was very slow, but at least they acknowledged us. It a trendy spot ! I would go again,Rouge is the best when the weather is agreeable. Nothing like sitting outside with your girlfriends with a glass of wine with a great view of the square. The food is pleasing to the palette, I am especially fond of the cheese plate. Many times ive just sat here for hours chatting and drinking away. One of the best spots in the city. The inside is pretty swanky and the music is always agreeable.Excellent in midst of busy people watching Rittenhouse Square. Came for the festival today and scoped out this place for a bite. There was a 30 minute wait for outside table but inside we were seated right away at the corner table as you people watch as they go by. Music is mix from uh hum.. My generation while the younger set surround a very cool circular bar with scalloped edge counter milling and socializing. My husband and daughter enjoyed the drinks and we had the west coast oysters, chilled right and sweet. The burger was cooked just the way we liked it on brioche bun with terrific truffle fries so so good. Also had the truffle scramble, loaded with shiitake sliced mushrooms and goat cheese cream cheese, nice. The tuna tartar was also delicious. Service was right on, Brittany was great, nice, helpful, friendly. Great for lunch, brunch, day break escape. Pretty decor as well.The only reason I am giving this one star is because I can't give it zero stars.  And this is a review based solely on an experience I had last night there...while with a business client...the place is aesthetically great and normally has great customer service. I spent over 10 years in the hospitality industry and I give a lot of leeway to servers and bartenders. Last night we had a waiter named Cameron who made it clear that he wanted to flip the table as soon as possible.  (And by "table I am being generous...it was a tiny spot for two people).  As soon as I settled out my almost $200 bill $160 plus $40 tip) he sent another server to the "table" and she told us that she could no longer serve us a glass of the $17 wine we had been drinking because my client "was slurring her words."  This was not true. It was clear that the only thing that was important was to turn the table.  As a veteran of the industry, I get it. It was 10pm on a Friday night and I was ending a business meeting with a client who wanted ONE more glass of wine.  Cameron made the entire experience miserable and then added insult to injury at the very end.This place is more pretentious than words can describe.  A group of us showed up tonight to have a casual drink by the bar, and it was one of the worst experiences I've had at a supposedly 'nice' place.  Multiple staff members kept saying we were blocking the walkway, the door, etc. even though we weren't.  Then the bartender served everyone BUT us until I finally managed to get a menu from another patron and then wave my hand like a maniac until I got some attention (felt like it was a racial thing - we were the only non-whites in there).  Worst place to get a drink (unless you're an old cougar or dirty old man).I loved this place.  I was walking my dog in Rittenhouse Square when I spontaneously decided to have an early lunch.  I sat outside with my dog, and the waitresses and hostess fawned over her, brought her water, and were so friendly.  I ordered the crab cake sandwich and fries, and thought the crab cake was even better than Devon's, which srprised me.  The fries were great, too.  Can't wait to go back.For a place once considered a wine bar, their wine selection is pretty limited.  However, all the glasses of red I did have was amazing, so maybe they've done their homework!
The cheese plate is to die for - you can get a 3, 4, or 5 cheese plate, and of course, I opted for the 5.  All excellent choices. Brie, cow's milk, buffalo milk... amazeballs! Accompanied with grapes, apples, fig, caramel and bread, it all comes together perfectly with the wine.
I had the hangar steak salad, which as expected, had the dressing perfectly tossed in the greens. Ordered it medium rare, but im afraid it might've been a little more rare than I'd prefer.  Still edible though.
I went on a Tuesday expecting it to be quiet, but the noise level was a lot louder than I expected. Music playing, people talking.. I don't know, it was just a tad difficult to hear my dinner guests for some reason. And it's actually quite a dark place.
The menu wasn't too big on entrees, but it had a lot of small plates and appetizers. And maybe that's the vibe they are going for: small plates, wine, good company.
I would return as I want to try their burger, but this is not the kind of place I want to eat with my hands (greasy fingerprints all over wine glasses? No thanks!)  So for sofistimicated purposes, it'll always be wine, salad and cheese for me here. No more, No less.I still dream about the opportunity of eating another Rouge Burger.  It's no wonder it made Maxim Magazine's list of best burgers.Would give it a single star if our waitress wasn't so great. The burger has gone down hill since GQ's top 10 list.There are many things I miss about Philly...and Rouge and Rittenhouse is one of em.
This was my GO TO place..to have dinner...cocktails..to rub elbows with celebrities to talk to cute boys to sip darjeeling tea outside while people watching 
I so miss this place.I had Rouge burger w/ caramelized onions and gruyere.  Bottom bun soggy so had to consume with knife and fork.  Tasty.Rouge has a classic almost speakeasy vibe. A beautiful crystal chandelier hangs above the centrally located bar, and the seating is very cozy. We had the crispy Brussels sprouts, the mussels, the Full Nelson 2.0 burger, and the truffle Parmesan fries. The pork belly on the burger was a gluttonous but delicious. Everything is incredible, including their cocktails.Really enjoyed this place!  I had a lunchtime Eggs Benedict and a super delicious cocktail -- both were fabulous!  Our service was also good, and the location couldn't be better.  I highly recommend eating your way through their menu.  If I lived in Philly, I certainly would!Rouge:  The Bar with a View.
And it was a 4 star view, so by default, Rouge could just sit there and still get rave reviews.
In a way, that is somewhat what this place does:  It stays out of your way.  Not in a bad way, mind you.  The star of this place is the people that come in (there should be a website dedicated to the lies being told here), not the guys behind the bar or the wait staff bringing the goods.  I'm sure that they are all very nice people (I didn't seem to have many issues finding some libations) but it isn't why the natives come out.  On this particular wid-week night, it seemed to be the only place that actually had people in it, although I did find a table in the back of the place.....
....and the view....it was to behold.The food was good here. I like that for lunch they semi have a breakfast option. The place is pretty small but makes for a good business lunch to talk to someone. The food was excellent (I had a smoked salmon sandwich) and the service was very good - many refills on my water, etc. The weird part was only that we were told the tables by the window were reserves when we went to lunch at 12:30 pm. We left at 1:15 pm and no one ever sat at the tables during that time. So when was this supposed lunch crowd with reservations coming in???
I have also had drinks there many times. It can be a fun happy hour spot. The crowd is mostly 30s - 50s during that time.I feel like you go to this place more to watch the eccentric kind of people who live in philly than to actually eat their food. SORRY ROUGE, but its the truth. Never have I seen more interesting???? people. Nonetheless, very entertaining
Onto the food that I had... i do have to say that their french onion soup was delicious and you can even ask for them not to have the bread in it (which i hate) so it was perfect, it might look ugly, but it tastes delicious.
The burger was huge and amazing, make sure you're hungry.
French fries are OK but my brother is in love with them, depends on the person I guess..Absolutely Amazing! Love their Fish Taco. Def going back for more!An adorable little brunch date spot conveniently located right next to Rittenhouse sq! The future hubs and I went for brunch on a perfect sunny afternoon, and were seated outside.  The wait staff was incredibly friendly, quick, and attentive. 
I started with coffee, which came (to my pleasant surprise) french pressed. It was certainly a sophisticated twist! Entrees: I ordered the kale salad, which came with a healthy portion of blue cheese, pears, and dried cranberries.  The salad was very fresh, and was delectable sans dressing. My fiance ordered the Rouge burger, which I stole a bite of. The meat was tender, the buns tasted out-of-the-oven soft and fresh, and the portion size very generous. It was certainly a delightful first stop on our visit to Philly. We shall return, on our next soiree!I had my first Rouge Burger yesterday for lunch. It was awesome! We were seared on 18th street facing Rittenhouse Square. Definitely a great location and great eats. I plan to get back again sometime soon to check out the bar area.I LOVE the burger at rouge. Sometimes I even wake up after dreaming about it... LOL. The ambience is perfect if u sit outside.. youre right on rit house sq and sure to see who's who of philly stroll by or be even sitting next to you enjoying their own burger. the service IMO is just OK... alot of times the servers will congregate by the entrance and be chatting and laughing which just takes away from the whole experience.
the cheese plate is a great choice for an app if u just want to go there for a pre din drink and snack. sitting outside at rouge or on the inside/outside spot is fantastic; however, sitting at the tables all the way inside reallyreally pale in comparison. If rouge could expand i think theyd really go up a level. when i sat inside once it was so dark i couldnt see the menu well and i have almost 20/20 perfect vision.. 
this review so far seems negative but i really do think rouge is a great spot to stop with friends for a drink!! they really just need a face lift of the interior and some fresh training for the staff. the potential is endless in their prime location.
oh and the truffle fries are amazing dont go without getting an order!! 
buon appetito! :)It's really sad for me because Rouge used to be one of my favorite places. This was before I knew of Yelp so I never reviewed. After my last visit, however, I was left with my blood boiling and vouching to leave a "fair" review. 
The only reason this review is getting 3 stars is because I added a star for the atmosphere. I still love the intimacy, darkness and comfort Rouge offers. Sitting outside to people-watch is great as well, if you can get a table. Inside, you will find some interesting characters; from people with money to punks with mohawks. 
I was here recently with three other people for a late bite / drink. Our waitress was friendly. She was prompt with the drinks, probably because it was so empty. I ordered a pomegranate margarita and it was great. My husband ordered a Moscow Mule and to my surprise, it was not served in a copper mug as supposed to. Considering the price I would imagine that it should be. 
We were given a warning that the kitchen was closing down in five minutes and we proceeded to quickly order. We got sliders and an order of fries to share. The sliders were completely and utterly overcooked to well done and the cheese was dry and crusty. It seemed as though it melted on top of the burger at some point but then hardened back up. The fries were just awful. Basically we got the fries at the end of the basket; some were long but mostly many tiny broken up pieces that were crusty and old. Most of the long fries were extremely greasy and cold.  
This food situation was completely unacceptable in my book! I know we came in late, but I would have rather been turned away for food service vs. given someone elses old order. Not cool Rouge, not cool.
I could have overlooked the bad food experience if we were not rudely kicked out on to the street. There was no last call really. We were warned they were closing but asked to sit inside while waiting for the car to arrive. We were asked to wait outside meanwhile "the regulars" were still at the bar.We ended our fun filled weekend by putting a bow on it with our dinner to Rouge.  It is an intimate restaurant featuring a circle-shaped bar in the middle.  Initially we were placed in what they (hostess/staff) might think is a more intimate setting near the back wall, but we wanted a view of Rittenhouse Square and to be more in the action so we asked to move, and despite having two people at a prime 4 person table, they were more than accommodating.
As for the food, she had the Rouge burger with frites--she's not a huge meat eater but she absolutely loved this burger despite its monsterous size.  I had two bites and thought it was one of the best burgers I've ever had.  It was so juicy and perfectly cooked...I had the salmon (and food jealousy), but it was also very good.
Overall, great restaurant and our best meal of the weekend.
Update...I went back to Rouge when I was in town on business and had the Rouge burger at the bar...this time it was a Monday evening.  I ordered it medium and it was out in seriously 5 minutes--I hardly had a slice of bread in that time.  I cut into it and it was definitely more well-done then medium.  I was offered a replacement but it was still okay.  I'll go back again.I. Love. Rouge. In town for a friend's wedding, the first plans I immediately made were to go to rouge for the "rouge burger". Yes - all yelpers have reviewed this as the best burger in the city - and I have to agree. The challah bun, the perfectly cooked patty and the ripe tomato on top truly make this the burger of all burgers.
Ok, back to the place itself. The decor is adorable and posh without being stuffy. The table next to me was a bit whiny about not getting a basket of bread, which I do think is a bit skimpy of them. In order to nibble on something before you get your order, you're forced to get an appetizer (hence the one star deduction). Bread (sticks) never hurt anyone!Everything here was really fresh and delicious. We considered sitting outside but it was a heat wave in Philly so inside was a great choice. All the tables had little tea lights and there's a central bar. For drink I had the First blush and it came in a rather small glass for 12 dollars. Appetizers we got the salmon poke and the special captures appetizer. Both were so different but so fresh and delicious! We pretty much licked the plates. I had the pan seared salmon and it was really really tasty and it just felt like summer on the plate. My boyfriend got the shrimp tacos. Another excellent choice. We were gonna get a burger but they were massive! And we didn't quite have the appetite. For dessert we ended up getting a peach semi-fredo that cleansed the palate and cooled us down before we went back out into the heat. Service was excellent.Good food and great drinks.
Friendly to dogs at outside seating but there really isn't enough room for any dog larger than medium sized.Finally stopped into Rouge for one of their ballyhooed burgers with my friend, a musician and videographer visiting from Brooklyn.  I had just learned of my admission to grad school, so I was in high spirits.  I love Rittenhouse dining, regardless of how stuffy the crowd can be, and Rouge is now one big reason why.
FIRST IMPRESSIONS:
I was here a year earlier for a beer and some appetizers, but never actually completed my review here.  Whenever I've gone, the place was relatively small and rarely packed, which I actually prefer, especially in lieu of its gargantuan, almost cafeteria-esque neighbors.  The decor is refined and slightly conservative, but pleasant nonetheless.  You'll look out of place if not dressed "casually," but only if you pay attention to such ridiculous things.
THE DRINKS:
I had one of their cocktails made with Root, a local Philly spirit fans of dark stuff like Jager will appreciate.  It was very cool, defusing the aftertaste to leave only the finer points of the spirit's aroma.  I've also downed lager here a few times, great place to enjoy a couple beers in a relaxed, upscale environment, especially when the windows are open to the park (rain or shine being equally nice).
APPETIZERS:
Got the lobster spring rolls, they were very good, super crispy, but a little undersized...not like we needed anything more before the burger.
THE BURGER:
I say the Burger and not the food because they have an entire menu of what I'd imagine is probably pretty decent fare, but since I went with the cheapest and most typical thing on the menu, it should be specified as such.  That said, holy @%#$ do they make a good burger and fries!  It is massive, for one thing, one of those deals where you have to approach it at an angle, only people with massive heads can rock a full bite.  I'm talkin Shaq sized domes...what the Israelis would call a certain, "rosh gadol."  The fries were heavenly as well, served with a wire stand in wax paper, perfect companion to this behemoth burger.
THE SERVICE:
Our server, Lauren, was very nice, responsive and courteous.  Either I've been getting lucky, or I haven't been out enough (probably the latter), but I haven't had major issues with service while eating out for a while.
THE BOTTOM LINE:
I recommend this place for a burger, especially to people who, like me, try to avoid burgers for most of the time...this is where you go to indulge once or twice a year.  It's also a great spot to have a relatively intimate place to unwind that won't hit your wallet as hard as some of the other joints on Rittenhouse square.Back in Philly visiting the Middle Child and walked over to Rittenhouse Square on a beautiful sunny Saturday.  Parc was over an hour wait, Devon didn't look interesting enough, so Rouge was the choice.
Had the French Onion soup in a crock and it was absolutely perfect. I got the turkey sandwich which was great and thus meant my wife decided that she wanted it. I ended up having her hanger steak salad and it was a pretty good trade although I did like the turkey a bit better.
Will definitely be back and want to try a few other things on the menu.I guess when you hear they have one of the best burgers in town, you walk in with some pretty high expectations.  Unfortunately, they were not met.  
We started with their complimentary bread and butter, which were very fresh and tasty.  
I ordered the burger because of their reputation.  It is more like a meatball, and not easy to eat.  I wouldn't even care about that if it tasted good.  The flavor was lacking and while the carmelized onions did help, it was not really that amazing.  It was cooked to perfection though. I was not able to eat the whole thing, but even still, for the rest of the day I felt like a boa constrictor trying to digest a small child.  It did not make me feel good for a long time after - sick almost.
We also ordered the chocolate chip bread pudding and it was not great.  Maybe one of my top 3 least favorite that I have ever tried.  For a table of 5 people sharing, there was about half of it left, which shows that nobody else really liked it.
The service was superb as I would have imagined.  It has been here for some time, so kudos to them for their success.  I just won't be back.I used to live above Rouge, and I kinda got sick of feeling like an invalid in sweatpants walking through the see-and-be-seen crowd dining outside there.  Maybe they drove me out of Rittenhouse...but I digress... ;)
Rouge is good.  It used to be my favorite brunch spot, albeit overpriced, but just good.  The eggs benedict was awesome, back in my gluten-eating days.  But I just went back the other day for brunch with friends.  I had steak and eggs.  It was mediocre at best...eggs were a little runny for my taste, and the steak was overdone.  Still...sitting outside on a sunny fall day with your friends and starting the day with a mimosa while overlooking the Square...it doesn't get much better than that!  Also, yes, believe it, the burgers are damn good, but you can get a comparable burger elsewhere for a more reasonable price.
Nightlife here is all about cougars...so if you're into cougars, Rouge is your spot!  What's the male version of a cougar?  They're there too.  
I'll still go back to Rouge every once in a while, if for nothing else than just to feel tres tres chic.Always a great time. Food is tastey. Expensive. But worth it because its always an experience. A staple in this town.What a fun place.  We ate here on a beautiful spring day on the early side for dinner so there was lots of sun and people watching inside and outside.  This place is loud which is tough on conversation, but great when you're worried that your kids are making a racket.  No one could hear them.  I ordered a bunch of veggie sides (quinoa, spinach) and curried cauliflower that was a mentioned as part of a meaty entree.  All were delicious.I have been here several times and have had many good experiences here so instead of giving this 2 stars, I will give it 3 and hope it was jus a bad experience.  I came here and sat outside last weekend and ordered some oysters for an appetizer and the burger for lunch.  The oysters were not good as there were small pieces of cracked shells with the oysters that really killed this dish for me.  I don't know if I was just very disappointed by the oysters but I felt the burger was not as juicy and flavorful as I remembered.  I remembered this as the best burger in the city but now I question if the 500 degrees burger is better.  I hope this was jus a bad experience and the burger is still of great quality.Amazing place! I still think about the burger! yummmmy is an understantement! 
Also, their drink, I believe it was called 210 - made with cognac and St Germain! Unique and amazing.
And, the location is out of this world, very surreal ! Loved it!
Next trip to Philly will surely include a re-visit to this great restaurant!I was not impressed. The location is great and the interior decorating was very cool, but the food was greasy spoon diner food. Definitely nothing to write home about.
One of us got an omlette, one of us got seared ahi tuna, and one of us got a burger and fries. The omlette was ok at very best, the tuna was really bad, and the burger was probably the best of the three.
This place is probably great in warm weather if you can sit on the sidewalk outside because its RIGHT on Rittenhouse square but I would suggest sticking to cocktails and wine only.The food here is usually ok-to-really-good, but the service is inconsistent. As a solo diner, I can be easily overlooked in a lot of places. Here, there are two bartenders who recognize me as a pseudo-regular diner and always give me excellent service (and fabulous drinks) if I sit at the bar. But with other bartenders or with table service, it's hit or miss. I've actually walked out a few times before placing my order because wait staff just ignored me. Since I really like the burgers here, I still stop by, but if I sense "invisible solo diner" syndrome, I leave.The burger is good, but Do not try to order a medium-well burger. It will come out medium-rare, but half an hour after the medium-rares do. =(
The kitchen will kindly split the burger on two plates for wimpy eaters and give you an extra pickle. Fancy fruity cocktails available, but none have stood out for me.
Service ranges from competent and friendly to standoffish and snooty. Lots of interesting chichi people watching.Went here for a lunch in October 2008
This place is gross. I don't see how they stay in business.
 I got the famed rouge burger and my girlfriend got an egg and cheese omelet. We ordered coffee and it had coffee grinds in it. The omelet had no taste to it. The service was horrible. It took them way to long to do just about everything. When we sent the dirty coffee back, they brought back another cup full of coffee grinds. The burger was good but over priced. We were outside and there were other people suffering through their mistaken choice in afternoon dining which made the event seem a little less awful.
If they drop their prices they may qualify for 2 stars as it is now 1 star is all rouge amounts to.I'd like to find my favorite burger in Philly. It's a fun quest. I've heard a great deal about Rouge; in fact, a "I'm Feeling Lucky" google search for best burger in Philadelphia will bring up Rouge as #1. In 2005, it was voted one of the best in the country. Considering the data, I went into Rouge with high expectations.
Rouge is a small eatery right off Rittenhouse Square with tables and a small bar area. Dan and I rolled in for lunch on a Thursday and sat at the bar. Beers available included a variety: Stoudt's Pils, Yeungling, Duvel, Amstel Light, ect. They were $5 to $9, and everything was about twice as much as it should be. These were all 12oz bottles, no drafts available. The bar is in line with the rest of Rouge: priced to make you (or maybe just me) not want to partake. Needless to say, I had only water. And of course they only serve Fiji. Everything is fancy here.
The atmosphere is posh. Rouge has weird curtains along all of the walls and tables scattered around a small, circular bar in the middle of the room. When the weather is nice, there is a good sized outdoor seating area. The service is good, but nothing special. Dan and I split a mediocre calamari to start. It came with a great sauce, the the squid and the breading were bland. After a short wait, my much anticipated burger arrived.
The burger is just enormous. With my first bite, I was impressed with a few aspects. The meat is perfectly cooked, despite the size. Further, the burger was very juicy and excellently seasoned. And it was served on a great buttery roll that added to the whole experience. But overall, I wasn't blown away. The burger serves up a huge portion of meat, with a delicious side of fries, but failed to leave a lasting impression. The toppings, especially onions and gruyere cheese are nice.
Bottom Line: It's not that Rouge's burger is bad, but it doesn't live up. There are quite a few more in the city that I'd perfer (and can afford). In all honest, I wouldn't recommend this spot to anyone, and I don't see myself ever going back. Rouge might boast that they offer a "truly unique dining experience," but it's not one that I want.Stopped in here for lunch and sat at the bar. Had the burger which was good, but not great (it was very hyped, which is why I ordered it.) The bartender was pleasent and the food came out ok. 
It was nothing noteworthy but otherwise alright and I'd normally give this a 4, but I ordered an Allagash White with my burger and they charged me $11 for it (or was it $12?) Listen, I get it, you're on Rittenhouse square, but $11 for an Allagash? Come on.
I wouldn't avoid going back but I'm not rushing to either.The hostess was so sweet, she felt bad that even though we did not have a reservation, there would be a 15 minute wait to seat us. That was okay, we went to the bar and ordered a drink. Before the bartender was even done making them, they had the table ready for us. We settled up at the bar as instructed and sat down at our table. Our waitress, Leslie, was horribly rude. She was annoyed that we were already had drinks and didn't want an appetizer. The food was good, but Leslie again was annoyed that we wanted just entrees and not the desert menu. While I was in the bathroom, I overheard her complaining to another waitress that we just ordered entrees.Overall, very nice place, and will definitely be come back. Took the advice from other Yelpers and got the burger, shared it with my wife. It was really good. Well crafted and perfectly done, as we ordered it. They were very accommodating, and brought out the burger already cut in half, on two separate plates.
The location of this place is awesome...on a nice street right across the street from a park.
Lobster bisque a bit too sweet. And it took a long time to bring out our order. So knocking them down one star for that.Went to Rouge for the first time in Rittenhouse Square after years of hype from numerous people, and hype is all it was.
I went to Rouge with 3 other friends, we made reservations and were seated after a few minutes. We loved out table, perfect location settled near the window.  We were greeted by the server and he took our whole order at once. Drinks, apps, and main course.  We got our drinks and apps within 10 minutes, we were shocked how fast we got them.  However, there was about a 50 minute wait from that point until we got our food.  The waiter did not check in on us once after we got our apps.  We tried to flag him down a few times to ask where our food was, but he would walk right by, no eye contact. 
Finally, we stopped him and asked what was the hold up with the food, and he responded, I'll check on it right now.  5 minutes later, comes the food.  We got burgers, tilapia, and scallops. I would think nothing that takes forever.  Our fries were barely warm, so we could only assume our food was sitting out for awhile, and maybe we were just forgotten.  When a women came by to drop our food by one of my friends said did you guys forget about us? She simply smiled and failed to respond, I think she was the manager?! Anyway, about minutes later, she came by and asked how everything was, and we barely muttered a response.... since that is how she rolls.  
We ordered a dessert for our friends birthday, the server brought it out and didnt charge us. Was that because it was our friends birthday? or because of the glitch?  Needless to say, we were really disappointed.
The burgers were.. eh ok.  Fries might have been good if they were hot. Peas were under cooked from the risotto in the scallops. 50 minutes for dinner, without a check in from our server... is absurd.  And then a  no response from a manager when we ask what happened, is ridiculous.
This was a Monday night, didn't look too busy, other people were getting their food even though they came in after us, server nor the manager acknowledge anything happened.
I get it, mistakes happen, but take accountability and own it.  Check in on our clients if the food is taking longer. And hey, if you forget, make something up if you have to! Don't just ignore like the waiter did. or dismiss our question like the manager did.  
I was really looking forward to coming here, but my friends nor I will ever come back.Two fabulous glasses of pinot noir and a shared cheese plate = fabulousness.
I'm told that people come for the burger, but the ambiance is what I loved (GORGEOUS inside) and the cheese plate was seriously enormous, with six healthy portions of artisan cheese, ranging in style of plain and mellow to really exotic and pretty stinky.  We had nuts and beautiful fresh fruit as accompaniments (huge strawberries, raspberries and blackberries) with sliced apple and bread.
For 18 bucks, it's a bargain.  I will be back.If I had to eat one thing for the rest of my life it would be the Parmesan truffle fries from here. It is amazing! My friends and I love coming here for a glass of wine and fries to share. It is the perfect way for us to catch up during the week. 
  The best time to come is during the week. I find during the weekend it is very crowded and loud which just doesn't go with the decor of the place.Came here for my company holiday lunch and it was pretty good. Space was a tad cramped, but the service was great.
Started off with the calamari and shrimp spring rolls for appetizers. Calamari was delicious. I think it could have used a lil bit more hot peppers (but that's bc I love spicy). The calamari was perfectly breaded and they also included tenticles with it (mmmm, I love that part the best). As for the spring rolls, I kinda didn't really taste any shrimp in it. The seasoning was good, but I wonder if they ground up the shrimp and mixed it with a whole bunch of veggies. While flavor was good, I don't think I would get it again just for lack of shrimp.
For lunch I ordered the fish tacos and truffle parmesan fries. Both absolutely delicious. Fish was nice and large in the tacos and they were stuffed with avacado and mango salsa. I do wish they seasoned it a lil bit cause it tasted somewhat balnd, but add a dash of salt and I was set to go! Fries...delectable!! Perfectly cooked and seasoned so nicely. My co workers next to me ordered scallops and it looked delicious (can't tell you the taste of it, but they said it was really good). They also ordered a side of the lemon spinach (which I did have a taste of) and it was practically melt in your mouth. I loved it so much. They didn't overcook the spinach like most places and seasoning did not overpower the veggie.
To end it off, I only ordered cappachino for dessert but had a sample of the bread pudding from another coworkers plate. Mmm, highly recommend! So moist.I've brunched, dined and lunched here (once in the same day).  The food and the wine selection are always solid and and change gracefully through the seasons.  The interior is cozy and elegant, sometimes quite cosy around dinner time, but the bathrooms are huge.  The burger (I know) is filling but it's a must. Rouge isn't the cheapest place on the block either. A dinner for two will run you about half a benjamin (without wine).  But all-in-all one of my favorites.Brunch with a view of Rittenhouse Park, and a side of people watching? Sold.
Their burgers are apparently the talk of the town, so of course I had to order it. Since it was brunch time, my go-to brew is the Bloody Mary. First sip, and we have one with a spicy kick! Already off to a good start! Although I question the size of their glass. In my opinion, not big enough.
The burger was good. Juicy, well-seasoned, and melty goodness from the caramelized onions and gruyere. The challah bun was perfect, and held together the burger pretty well. It was one of those "don't talk to me while I'm eating this!" situations. While my attention was mainly on the burger, the plate did contain some side salad, a pickle, and a huge helping of pomme frites. However, my advice is to finish the burger. Because it really is that amazing. I mean, didn't I get some vitamin C and antioxidants from the Bloody Mary?
The burger was simple and comforting, and was exactly what I needed that day.We came here for a late night drink before heading home. This place had an interesting mix of young men and older women hanging out on the bar. I like the red velet and gold decor. We also came here for a brunch before we left. We ordered parmesan truffle fries for the table, which were good but they were a little skimpy on the truffle oil. I ordered the Rouge Burger based on a recommendation and it was probably one of the best burgers I've eaten next to Les Halles in New 
York City. I warn you though.. it's pure meaty goodness and will probably hold you over until dinner time as it did for me. Yum.. Guyere cheese, caramelized onion...something so simple yet quite delicious.Sunday,  09/28/14: Meal was fabulous, but the wait between courses was way too long!  And they weren't even crowded.3, almost 4 stars. Stellar, Rittenhouse location down checked by some of the overly obnoxious, showy, bling clientele.  Lots of cheese here but the sidewalk dining is great, and they have the best hamburger in town. Order it rare.  Trust.The GOOD:
+Amazing melt-in-your-mouth food. Try the specials--whatever they are!
+Creative and delicious cocktails.
+Outdoor seating on the edge of Rittenhouse Square.
The BAD:
-Dessert.  It's just not that great.
-Placing tables over subway steam vents--just a stupid idea.  Rethink your table arrangement if you need to warn customers--seriously, someone could get burned.
The UGLY:
-Viagra-poppin' gents who bring ladies with fake tots, ugly clothes, and fried blonde hair.We had a great dinner here for my sons 22 birthday.  He said he wanted a great burger and several friends directed us here. We started with the calamari appetizer and the shrimp dumplings. Both were delicious with the  calamari cooked perfectly.  For dinner, the group ordered burgers, Bibb salad and the black bean soup.  Everyone loved their food and agreed we would definitely come back again. Our waitress was very attentive and friendly. We did not order dessert or coffee since were having it back at the house for my sobirthday, but all in all the delicious mealThis review is for the delivery service. 
Pros:  Meal was delivered promptly. We ordered the burgers - The bread was in a separate container, which I appreciated.  Truffle fries were delicious. 
Cons:  Burger tasted like glorified meatloaf. Price on the delivery "room service" menu states $16/burger. However, we were charged $18/burger. Yes I know it's only a few dollars but still - it's false advertisement. 
Overall:  I won't be returning.This is the go to spot for cougars and young ladies alike. It doesn't matter what night it is, there's always some fine looking ladies sipping martinis or some sparkling wine around the bar.
I am confident in saying that this is the place to go to meet hot women in Rittenhouse Square.
The food is good and service is good. Things are overpriced, although there's usually a price to pay when cougars are involved...GQ named Rouge's burger one of the 20 you must eat before you die.
If you are in Philly and still alive, I think you better head to the Square.
In warm weather (and even fall with heat lamps lining the sidewalk) diners eat outside, Fido by their side. Brunch here is incredible, as is breakfast. I would skip dinner, however, and wait until the late night drinking crowd arrives -- always an attractive scene.You'll walk by a million times cause it's right on the east face of the square but when you stop in to eat, you'll thank yourself. I know it comes off as pretentious and the prices are fairly inflated but the service is great, the bathrooms are clean, the bartender is friendly (to everyone) and the food does not disappoint. The hype is around the burger so naturally, we tried everything but. When I finally did order one, I was surprised. The presentation was flawless and it was succulent, juicy, flavorful. I loved it.The rouge burger is huge and amazing cooked to my liking, couldn't have asked for a better burger.Ed's Famous Three Part Review
Intro: 
I love a good burger and the Rouge Burger definitely hits the spot. 
Basics:
1. Cozy and posh dining room with nice soft lounge chairs. Everything is bright and open with the windows facing Rittenhouse Square.
2. The Rouge Burger is truly a massive burger. The patty is more so a meatball which makes eating a bit difficult, but it compensates with size. The bun is a nicely buttered and toasted brioche and the toppings are very fresh, of course.  The ground is quality and the kitchen definitely does not do too much to it besides some basic seasoning. 
3. Which takes me to #3: the burger is a bit bland! There really nothing to give it that extra level of flavor. There's lots of meat and bun and lettuces and tomato, all of which are done well but it just doesn't scream AWESOME burger. 
Conclusion:
The Rouge Burger is definitely a good burger, but it fails to take it up a notch in terms of flavor. Perhaps if anything, the truffle fries gives the dining experience a bit more flavor.Great food great service unlike serafina.  Great outdoor seating.  Try everything on the menu. You wont be disappointed.  Nothing bad to say here. 
Except they won't seat you unless everyone shows up.  No waiting list and they don't take reservation.I have NEVER experienced such discourtesy from a restaurant in my life..the whole entire staff is RUDE and unintelligent..the bar tender Tommy was extremely sexist and basically told me and my 2 women friends that we needed to leave. The manager Michelle looked like she was high on some type of drug and couldn't stop swaying from side to side during our conversation about how horrible our experience was. DON'T GO HERE it is a waste of time and $$!!! I am still so upset!Let me just say....I had a great time at Rouge!  It was a nice change of venue with lots of interesting people.  I met the guy who started Lorenzo's pizza...he told us all about how he got started and how he became successful.  
So I would definitely go back again for happy hour!I had the most decadent roast chicken here ever... it was sinfully rich with creamy spinach and mashed potatoes.  I know you're supposed to get the burger- which my companion did, but the chicken was excellent.  Plus great vibe, view, and everything else.a place to see and be seen..great bar, lots of eye candy for both sexes...good food too!It's a few weeks before Valentine's Day and I am looking to make a reservation for the wife and I. Though the choice was entirely up to me, I did receive one demand. Any place I picked had to have escargot on the menu. Rouge was not first choice but since my first two picks did not pan out due to one leaving their famous escargot off their special Valentine's Day menu, and wanting to try a place we have yet to dine, it came down to Rouge; a decision that I did not regret. Don't misunderstand me; we have considered dining at Rouge in the past many times so this was not a settling choice.  
The ambience of this place is just what I imaged. I really see myself dining here a few more times, or just hanging at the bar with my friends enjoying a few glasses of Oban.
The service was amazing from the moment we walked through the door. For starters due to the previous weather conditions the roads were still bad, and traffic through Philadelphia was slow, ok slower. We were arrived 15 minutes late for our 7:30 reservation but our table was waiting for us and we were immediately seated. Our waitress was excellent. 
Rouge offered their standard menu, which I actually prefer, with a couple of additional specials instead of a special Valentine's Day menu. How can I tell this was a successful night? The wife enjoyed her escargot. It was served covered in cheese. Not your standard way of eating escargot but she enjoyed it, and isn't that what matters on Valentine's Day. I decided go with one the specials on the menu that night. I decided to go with the five-spiced braised short rib beef. Overall it was good. The meat was not very but, a little on the dry side for a braised short rib. The accomplishments that were served were an excellent choice by the chef. Soy infused parsnip puree, caramelized brussel sprouts, and crispy curry cauliflower. Excellent! Excellent! Excellent! 
I look forward to my future dining experiences here.Rouge is the real deal.  It is the only restaurant in Philadelphia that I go to regularly  anymore.  And I am talking about first and foremost the food.  Heads above Parc, which would be a cliche even in Paris (ESPECIALLY in Paris)t.  A dish that is so simple- the roasted chicken- is astounding, and many people don't order it because it sounds "ordinary," but I promise you, I don't know what they do to it (some brine process and high-temperature convection oven, I am told) but it is perfectly browned on the outside and always remarkably tender inside, served on a bed of garlic mashed potatoes & spinach.  If it is not the best chicken you have ever eaten, I will eat my hat.  I have never had a bad plate at Rouge. Fish, steak, whatever.  I happen to think the burger deserves the accolades, but I guess a lot of people have their own opinions.  The new truffle oil option on the fries, however, doesn't do anything for me.  I like ketchup.  The decor is great.  They got that right.   It is understated, and feels like the closest thing to a REAL Parisian bistro, with the drapery wall treatment, minimalism and old leather chairs.  The lighting is right, and music is at an audible but not obnoxious level.  I like to be able to have a conversation.   At lunch they play a good eclectic mix of quirky stuff, from jazz to Carla Bruni. The service is OK.  Depends, of course on the individual server, like everywhere.  But I don't necessarily need them to faun all over me- just to bring the food.  Then leave me alone.  I have one trick, however, that will improve your dining experience every time.  I NEVER go during what I call  "rush hour."  That's when EVERYBODY is trying to get a table and the place is mobbed- a victim of its own success.  That's Friday night/ weekends/Sunday brunch, etc... When people drive in from New Jersey to go for brunch.  At that time, the hostess can be a bit surly, and the place becomes a "scene," which is not what I am looking for.  I like the place in spite of it's becoming a watering hole for the tragically hip.  I could care less about people "seeing" me.  I prefer to be invisible.  But I just like to sit there and look out the window at the park, especially mid-afternoon when there's only a couple of people there.  Sit back, sip the La Colombe coffee (I don't know about these crazy reviewers who say the coffee isn't good!) and watch a light drizzle on the leaves.  It's really a romantic place and I am a big fan, and will remain loyal.  And for those that think it's pretentious, I would say there is no need to dress up.  Just be yourself.  And go on the off nights, or lunch mid-afternoon (they serve the same menu all afternoon).we were here on a hot summer evening, in the summer, and we had a great dinner time. i had their chicken roast w/mashed potato and spinach---tasted good! service was attentive and friendly. 
my friend had their burger, almost well done, which i thought was good, too---and i like the caramelized onions, plus the fries! 
the place's not that big, but it looked like people in the neighborhood regularly visit this place, and enjoy the dining experience. the view afforded by the park outside looks inviting and lovely....I have been coming here regularly for years. It's my favorite spot largely because of Tommy the bartender. He's great! You can always count on him to brighten up your day; he has a following. I love the weekend pancakes. The burgers are among the best in town (competitive with Village Whisky). If you are looking to get your drink on, have Tommy make you his special double D!I teetered between giving Rouge 3 stars or 4 stars but I am optimistic that my second visit will be 4 stars so I was generous.
We settled on Rouge when looking for a nice restaurant with outdoor seating. We made a reservation on Open Table but when I called to request outdoor seating, I was told very curtly that outdoor seating is first come- first serve (even on a Wednesday at 8pm?!?).  I was slightly bummed and anxious that we would have to wait for an outdoor table but when we arrived we were seated at one right away (silly policies!).
I ordered the Spicy Sangria which was good, I was expecting something fruitier. We started with the cheese plate which took awhile to come out of the kitchen and looked like it was put together in 60 seconds.  It had about a 1lb of grapes in the middle which didn't fool me for one minute as they totally skimped on the cheese portion. The cheeses we selected were decent and served with 2 spreads and some nuts and apples as well; I just wish they gave us slightly more cheese.
For our meals we had the fish tacos and the burger which Rouge is known for.  The fish tacos, while small, were great for sharing and had just the right amount of kick.  The burger, which we ordered Medium Rare, was more under cooked than we would have liked and really did not stay together at all.  It's hard to eat politely when the crowds of Rittenhouse Square are watching you tackle a burger that will not stay together.  
So at this point you may be wandering why I gave Rouge 4 stars. Well, I can explain. Their redeeming factor was their Truffle Parmesan Pommes Frites.  They were delicious, heavenly, and I couldn't get enough of them. They were well worth the $2 up charge and I highly recommend that you order them over the regular Pommes Frites if you like truffle.
All in all the service was OK. You can tell that they are used to their regulars and I felt sort of like I had to earn good service at this place. The atmosphere was nice but I think that had a lot to do with the fact that you are looking right at Rittenhouse Square. It definitely reminded us of our dinners in Paris.
I would definitely return to Rouge but would probably order something different. If you are looking for a place to treat yourself, Rouge is a good option.Always great for atmosphere - 5 star view of rittenhouse square & great cocktails but the menu is just ok and overpriced.  Overall portions are small, the cheese plate had nothing to it.  Stick to the Burger & Fries if you plan to dine as they are delish.This place obviously doesn't need another positive review, but I'm going to write one for dog owners everywhere. My boyfriend and I didn't plan ahead and going to brunch on Mother's Day was a difficult task. 
The hostess was so kind and seated us very quickly. She even managed to get us a table away from the other dogs who were sitting outside. We have a beagle, so she's super friendly but a little nuts around other...anything that has a smell. 
Our waitress was just about the nicest person possible. She was so upbeat and happy for someone who had to be at work on a beautiful day, it was amazing. She loved our dog (we're really crazy about her) and recognized her as a part of our family. Everyone sitting around us were really sweet and fed our beagle all kinds of yummy things.
If you have a dog and want to take him or her out on the town, the people at Rouge will make you feel right at home!My husband and I had lunch here recently (our first time here). It was a nice day and they had the front windows open so we could enjoy the weather and views of the park. Given that it's right in Rittenhouse Square, I expected the prices to be a bit higher than elsewhere in the city. What I didn't expect were the very generous portions! That was a very unexpected surprise for a higher-end dining spot like this. We actually ended up with too much food and took almost a whole sandwich home. The cheese plate was great--loved the almonds and the abundance of fruit it came with. The burger and sandwich we had were really tasty, and my husband really liked the calamari app. Would definitely return!Pretentious atmosphere, okay wine selection, food overcooked. Meh.Food is very good but don't order too much. The portions are actually pretty filling. I had the max and cheese with my fiancé and it was straight crack! So delicious. The burgers were cooked well but I only enjoyed 3/4ths because I was so full. You must upgrade your fries to the truffle and parm fries. Holy moly, it's good. Will definitely be back.My wife and I have been to Rouge for Dinner and Brunch. Both times, it was quite awesome. The atmosphere is quaint and classy, and the food and drinks are as good as it gets. Not a cheap place, but if looking for a place to go on a date, or dine on a special occasion, this is a strong choice. It is located right on Rittenhouse Square, and it is a lot of fun when you sit by the french doors when they are open on a beautiful day and look out at the square while eating. Great place!Stopped here with a friend the other day and had a great time sitting around Samantha's bar.
We ordered the tuna tartar and truffle parmesan pommes frites both delicious!  For cocktails we tried the gin spritz and the white peach sangria both a little sweet but interesting nonetheless.
My friend Tawny knew some regulars around the bar who bought a few rounds of shots which was nice.  It's a lovely little spot in prime real estate of Rittenhouse Square.  
It has an elegant yet relaxed vibe great for casual Sunday brunch or suitable for a nice evening out.
I will be back next time I am in Philly!I haven't tried their burgers yet, but I did have their dinner for restaurant week. They had some great seafood dishes, such as the lobster bisque, the salmon, and the strawberry sorbet will wake up your taste buds :). 
Interior was surprisingly small. I did not know it was so little. The bar area seemed pretty crowded often too. But nonetheless, it was a nice atmosphere... not much privacy due to the tightness of the seats, though :).I've been to Rouge several times and it has ALWAYS been a pleasing experience with great cocktails, good food and wonderful service.
I'm particularly fond of the cocktails that are spirit-forward and herbal, which they excel at.OK, this place is located right across from Rittenhouse Square. It's a high end place with a few tables located on the sidewalk. The scene is definitely high end trendy. Lots of movers and shakers, lots of good looking women. I did not have their famous burger, I was out with my buddies and didn't want to mix food and beer. It always screws me up. Anyhow, I highly recommend Rouge for an after work beer and burger.I came here for my friend's birthday because she heard that their burgers were good; we had a group of 9 all together. Our table consisted of 4 small round tables put together with two couches and chairs, so it was a bit awkward and separated. The restaurant is dark and loud with limited spacing. I heard there's another section of the restaurant, but I didn't get to see that part. We may have been in the bar area. It was doable and I think we fit comfortably in our seats. 
Waitress was very nice. We had a couple friends running late and she didn't hurry us or anything. Started us off with bread and fresh butter. I can't account for what my friends ordered so I got the New York strip with the truffle Parmesan fries and a side of Mac and cheese. The steak was standard. Lacked a bit of flavoring. The red wine sauce tasted nonexistent. Also the fries were a dud. I expected higher standards. The least they could've done was toss the fries before serving it. Instead it was just topped with some truffle oil and some parm on top so the fries weren't uniformly covered. The Mac and cheese was ok. It's a more saucier type of Mac and cheese that grew on my bf. I liked the baked kind of Mac and cheese. I think I like my Mac a bit saltier. 
Boyfriend started with the French onion soup which he enjoyed, but there wasn't enough soup. We love cheese and it seemed that they double layered that. But they put too many croutons so it sopped up all the soup. I believe they also added a bit more sherry which he liked, me, not so much. His entree was the rouge burger which he did not enjoy. We've definitely had better burgers. I thought it lacked a lot of flavor too. 
Overall, it was a nice experience, but I probably wouldn't come back again. There's a lot more restaurants to try around Philly. The location is probably great for the summer since have outdoor seatings that overlook Rittenhouse square.Good place to go for dinner, drinks or even Sunday brunch.  Favorites have to include their burger, fries, French onion soup, and Eggs Benedict.Overrated and over priced for a dry ass burger!  Go to Parc it's only next door and you won't feel like your in a one night stand night club unless that's what you're into, over dressed middle age ppl looking to hook up. There's better food with better price next door like Parc. And no I don't work there and no parc did not pay me to write this. Rouge is a waste of time and cow and there's only one unisex bathroom here the employed hang out at but the service was goodI finally tried Rouge and I'm not sad that I waited a few years to do so. 
The place is cozy and dark and overlooks Rittenhouse Square, which is picturesque in the winter since most of the crazies don't like to stand outside in the freezing cold.  
The cocktail list is rather short and while the drink I had was good, it didn't "wow" me.  We had a few apps, which again, were tasty, but not worth the price.  
Go for the view and the dimly-lit ambiance if that's your thing, but if you're looking for a killer cocktail, there are much better options in the area.I've been craving a rouge burger for some time and having made a late visit to the Rittenhouse art show it was the perfect opportunity. The wife and I were fortunate to get an outside table and being so warm and humid I decided to skip the burger and have the soft shell crab sandwich which was amazing. My wife had a taste and set aside her octopus salad and ordered one for herself.  I also had a glass of a Grillo/viognier blend that was great with the crab.
Our waitress was outstanding and we will definitely be back soon. 
I definitely wouldn't want to sit inside as it was small,hot and noisy but outside facing the park was delightful.I give this place three stars due only to the very well-made drinks, hip atmosphere, and phenomenal food. The service, however, boiled my blood and left much to be desired.
The bottom line is, don't eat here on a budget. Three girlfriends and I came here for a fancy night out during a girls' trip to Philly. There was not a table ready when we got there, so we got drinks from the bar and our table was ready as soon as we ordered them. Again, on a budget, we only ordered entrees (which, mind you, came to $115 alone) and our waitress, Leslie, could not have been more rude about trying to push appetizers and more drinks on us, clearly concerned about her tip value. My friend actually heard her complaining about "the table of four girls who only ordered dinner" on her way to the bathroom.
I understand this is an upscale restaurant, but what was supposed to be a fun night on the town was essentially turned into a downer night by our rude, money-grubbing waitress.Very good food with fine service and good location. Especially nice in good weather if you can sit outside or near the open full length windows inside. Enjoyed brunch.Went here for lunch with a friend on a beautiful day to sit outside and people-watch. We shared the "Bibb and Endive Salad", which was good but disappointing that there were only a few leaves of actual Bibb lettuce (my favorite), most of it was endive and radicchio with lots of radishes and apple slices. I got the Turkey sandwich with pesto mayo and she got the salmon burger with truffle fries. The turkey sandwich was very good, I liked the pesto mayo and spinach, but the sliced cucumbers were a bit confusing to me. Nevertheless, still very tasty, and huge so I took half of it home. Her salmon burger was delicious as well, but we both found the truffle fries a bit TOO greasy. Service was good and we loved watching the hustle and bustle around Rittenhouse Square. I wasn't blown away by the lunch, but will definitely try it for dinner in the future.I Visited beautiful Rittenhouse Square and wished to eat brunch overlooking the glorious park. I chose the trendy but corny "Rouge". As expected the view was superb. However, the food sub par and service a disgrace. We ordered drinks which we didn't receive until after we began our main course. The waitress never returned to inquire if there was anything we needed. The food bland, uninspired and would call it typical but fancy bar food. Unfortunately, bad bar food. Let's hope the owner sells to a businessman with culinary talents and the love for a historic, beautiful area that deserves so much more.Ate here for lunch today. Spilt a bib and romaine salad and the rouge burger. Portions were perfect and the food was delicious. The weather was so nice they opened up all the doors and almost thought I was in Paris!Quite simply this is the best burger in the city! The drinks are too pricy-nobody's Jack & Coke should cost $12.75- however the food is what you come for. Everyone should treat themselves and enjoy this classic.I have NO idea how this place has 4 stars, it was horrid! I am actually writing the review as I sit at the table waiting on them to take our check with so much unfinished food. My friend ordered the eggs benedict which came with fried potatoes. The fried potatoes were not prepared correctly, they were boiled and drenched with olive oil. The eggs benedict was mediocre at best. I ordered the Rouge Burger, let me just tell you, I am a burger girl. This THING was tasteless and boring. Our bill with no drinks or tip was over $40...now we are walking to another nearby spot to have a real brunch. Do yourself a huge favor and go somewhere else.
In my friend's words: I want to throw up. I want to throw up for multiple reasons. 1. It was disgusting 2. I was just done in the ass for $45 3. I have to go wait in line somewhere else.I went here because my boss had some list of the top burger places to go before you die.  I think this was #4.  The first night we went they were already closed.  The next day we went for lunch.  I had actually had lunch already, so this was a second lunch at about 1pm...right after my first lunch.  I wasn't very hungry but I had to try this $16 burger, so I did.  Let's just say I finished it all.  It was the thickest burger I've ever had.  The meat was of very high quality.  I ordered medium well and it was cooked perfectly.  The fries were also very good.  I'm not a great burger critic but it was certainly a very good burger.Nice place for a date. Very intimate ambiance. I like the dim lights and french decor. It's a small space, so it's hard to move around.  I didn't try the food, so I will definitely be back to check that out.Ok, so I made it back to Rouge, this time to actually eat, and the food here basically sucked. Normally, when I get inebriated and order four things on the menu for myself, I expect at least one of them to be good. This really was not the case. Admittedly though, the service was great, and because it's in the same building as my apartment, I'll consider going back...but probably only for drinks.
Lobster bisque: Seriously, what kind of idiot messes up something as glorious as lobster bisque? Yes, you expect them to skimp on the chunks of lobster meat, that's a given...but this typical shortcoming was not offset by awesomely delicious, robust flavor. BLAND BLAND BLAND. Just a little sweet, no salty, no savory, no anything else - I've had better Campbell's soup for god sake.
Crab cake: Equally as disappointing. The presentation was there, but not much else. Soggy, no flavor, just blah...I was much more excited to be eating the bed of tomato/corn/other veggies with verjus, which on a more positive note, was light, refreshing and flavorful. The size of the crab cake itself was generous. 
Chocolate and Peanut Butter Tart- Meh, another miss. This was dry and could have passed as a frozen dessert. I want to indulge and be inspired by dessert - this was boring and though slightly original, failed in execution and should be revamped. 
Panna cotta- Given that I can't remember if this had strawberry or raspberry speaks to how unremarkable this dish was as well. Light and good, but certainly not delicious. Also, the texture was grainy, yet another mark off for inattention to detail. 
Final verdict: Rouge is a very good place to venture to if you want to see or be seen...but culinarily speaking, it's second-rate.The food is taste and fresh but watch what you order!! The bill can sky rocket quickly if you do not. My husband and I are here recently and our bill was $250 for lunchThe perfect way to start off a weekend in Philadelphia is with brunch in Rittenhouse Square overlooking the park on a postcard worthy spring day. We waited a few minutes but thankfully it was nothing beyond 10 minutes. As I glanced over the menu my eyes immediately jumped to the french toast and then darted over to the eggs benedict but then I decided to let my fellow yelpers guide me. I pulled out my iPhone and looked up the reviews and there it was Oprah and GQ had both crowned Rouge's burger one of the best. Now, I know a good burger so I was excited to sample the goods. 
Sadly, this is not one of the top burgers in my book. I still think it's great but not one of the best. The service however, was attentive and polite. 
I look forward to returning to Rouge soon for some of that french toast or the eggs benny.For better or for worse I have been doing to this place since it opened.   It had its ups, it had its downs... Probably about four years ago its dfood/dt became negative.  Bar stayed great... and since contrary to popular belief the number of decent brunch places in the center city where one can blow a few hours every weekend is actually quite small I kept going ... and going... and going.
It is as if a few months ago a light bulb went off in someone's head. That someone must have thought "There was a time when food at Rouge did not suck! There was a time when burger if ordered medium rare came out medium rare and not raw! There was a time when during brunch one did not have to figure out how Israeli salad ended up next to inedible calmari-type thing  because neither of those things would have been on a menu to begin with! We must bring a chef that cooks food instead of hitting on the guests! Even better, why not bring a chef that used to run it!" 
The food improvements are magnificent - the yolks of eggs Benedict actually run when cut, tuna tartare has taste, the brunch menu no longer resembles the creation of a dropout from culinary arts school after a week-long bender.  See, it only took getting a real chef (M. Yeamans) , who , dare I say it, prefers cooking to sitting like a peacock in front of the restaurant which the previous "rebel"-chef was famous for.  Slowly but surely it is getting back where it should have always been.This place was cougar central late last Friday night!
The kitchen was closed so I did not get the chance to sample any food...but here is my take on everything else: Inside is pretty hip, with a big bar in the middle and plenty of seating off in the corners. The bartender was cool and I didn't have to wait 5 minutes for a drink even though they were busy. My gin and tonic was stiff...as was the Maker's mark and coke. So no complaints with respect to the service or drinks. 
If you want to get dressed up and go to a more mature (and slightly pretentious) place to get some good drinks while you cougar hunt, look no further than Rouge. Lots of great looking people here. Something tells me the old guys, namely those with 75% of their chest hanging out of a contrast collar shirt, do not appreciate when sprightly young grad students join in the competition.The interior of Rouge is one of my favorite things. Just the right amount of velour to make it borderline gaudy, without going over the top.
Service was great during a busy lunch period. They allowed my mom and I to split the burger. The tricky part of this is that my mom is gluten-free and they made my half of the burger still on the bun.
Fries were delicious. Wine was excellent.Had some drinks on the patio with some appetizers. The prices are on the high end but you can't beat the location. We turned our chairs to overlook Rittenhouse Square and enjoy the night. I highly recommend the cheese board (with 3 cheeses). I haven't been to a place that pairs dulce de leche or jam with cheese ...... it was perfect!!Have been here for dinner and Sunday Brunch in the past. But last week I stopped in for a drink with a friend. As always the service was attentive and accommodating. 
We started at the bar. I love the ambiance here. The place is small and intimate. We were able to get switched to an outdoor table after a short wait. The drink was as ordered. 
We split the fish tacos. Two to an order, they were the perfect size snack on a warm summer-like evening. And they were delicious. They had a good amount of fish and veggie filling and the ratio was right on. I will be back.It's true - Rouge delivers high-quality haute cuisine. And I respect them for that. But, I'm still not satisfied.
I tried the three cheese plate. The combination of pungent cheeses, thinly sliced baguette, two fresh bundles of grapes, toasted almonds, apple slices, fig preserves and apricot bits made a delightful party in my mouth. BUT why did they all have to be soft cheeses?! I would have been happier if they let me select the three of my preference for more of a variety (they have a five cheese plate as well). I also sampled the garlic lemon spinach side which, I have to say, was positively mouthwatering.
The problem? It was unworthily overpriced. 
Yes, I know it's Rittenhouse. 
Yes, I know we're paying for the outside park ambiance (speaking of which, DEFINITELY sit outside, not just to get your dose of previously mentioned Ritt-essence but also because the interior is unimpressive & covered in gray curtains? Not sure what that's about).  
...But I also know that $30 for a good-but-not-fantastic lunch is just not my cup of tea.
Au revoir, Rouge friend.I eat here 5 or 6 times a week..the food is always amazing, the drinks are made by the best bar tenders in the city, and the servers are the nicest in Philly. I forgot to mention the hostesses and mangers also very friendly. The rouge salad is by far my favorite thing to have for lunch in the city and the egg benedict for brunch makes my wouch water jsut thinking about it....and let's not forget the galic shirt apatizer out of this world...a must go if you have never been and everyone should make it their regular spot...Rouge has the best Kobe Beef Burger in Town. I have not tasted a better burger. The only problem is that a great quality burger like this takes a minute or two to make. If you can't sit and wait go shopping. There are many stores around for you to waste timeListed as one of the top 20 burgers in America by GQ, I HAD to make sure the Rouge burger lived up to its title. It definitely was one of the best burgers I've had. It was cooked perfectly medium, juice running down your arm delicious. Mmm.... 
Of course that's not the only thing they serve there. We also had the salmon with asparagus. Salmon was great too! They didn't overcook it as how easily it can be.  
I think it's supposed to be a swanky bourgois place with the dim lights and super intimate (very close to the next table) environment. Our server was friendly, although not super attentive (we had to try to get her attention on our empty drinks).Went here for dinner, looking to relax and enjoy some good food. The menu is quite short but the choices vary greatly. We tried the mussels as a starter and they were great. For dinner I had the salmon and my partner had the scallops with the veg risotto both of which were cooked perfectly and the perfect portion. At first the atmosphere inside can feel a bit snobby and "hip" however the staff is incredibly friendly and helpful. Worth the price.Excellent!  Fries were fabulous!  Loved the apps and lunch entrees!  The service was phenomenal.Most of the food here was quite good (although the gazpacho was over salted) and service was great but the seared tuna sandwich gave me food poisoning. Watch out fellow eaters!The best people watching spot west of Paris!  The service and the food are impeccable. We love sitting outside and inside (when it's cold).  
I love the burger... When you are looking to satisfy that craving, there's none better..on a brioche none the less.  
The shrimp cocktail, Brussels sprouts, vegetarian spring roll and fish tacos are tasty and well done too.
We celebrated New Years here too. The cocktails are great and wine list well chosen, well priced and not typical.
Can't say anything negative... When you have a free afternoon or evening, stop by and put your name in for a table on rittenhouse square. You won't be disappointed!!Wow, had to be one of the best burgers I've had in my life. Great burgers and the truffle fries are absolutely delicious as well. Really enjoy being able to sit outside right across the street from Rittenhouse Square. One of my new favorite spots!My wife and I had dinner here before the Pink concert on St. Patty's Day. When we arrived, we were a bit surprised at how small this place is, but fortunately we had reservations and were seated pretty close to our reservation time. We didn't score a table by the window, but we had a nice comfy couch to sit on along with a velvet lined comfy chair. Their is a small round bar in the middle of this small restaurant, and being St. Patty's Day, it was packed. Between all the people at the bar and the background music, the place was on the loud side. Overall decor of the restaurant was quite lovely though.
For an appetizer, my wife and I shared the cheese platter and we went with all five cheeses. Along with the cheeses, you get a lovely jam, grapes, small cubed apricots, and thinly sliced apples. We could have made a meal out of the cheese board...it was very good.
For our entrees, we both went the the Rouge burger. This was a big burger and in hindsight, we could have split one. While the quality of the meat was very good, the overall taste was just OK. We both felt it could have used a bit more flavor. The pomes frites were good and I really enjoyed my side of mac-n-cheese. I ordered mine with bacon, but for whatever reason, it didn't come out with bacon. It was still very good and I devoured it. My wife washed her meal down with a Pomegranate Margarita, which she said was very good. 
Even though we were stuffed, we both ordered dessert. I went with the apple crisp (which was also large and could have been shared) and my wife went with the avocado pound cake, which came mixed fruit compote. Both of our desserts came with ice cream, but we could have used a bit more with our desserts. Both desserts were good along with the french press Monte Carlo coffee we had to wash it down with.
Service was very good and our waitress was quite friendly and helpful. Since this is a small restaurant, tables are pretty close together. Bathroom was generally clean, but there were some used paper towels on the floor. Evidently if you've been drinking, it's hard to throw the paper towel in the bin on the floor! The music was BLARING in the bathroom!
Overall, we enjoyed our meal and certainly don't regret going, but the burger didn't quite live up to our expectations.Rouge has the best Kobe Beef Burger in Town. I have not tasted a better burger. The only problem is that a great quality burger like this takes a minute or two to make. If you can't sit and wait go shopping. There are many stores around for you to waste timeWent here for brunch awhile back, and after hearing and reading good things on yelp, we were really looking forward to a great brunch.  We were unfortunately somewhat disappointed.  The burger was more a bit bland and more of a meatball than a burger - we really expected a burger of that price to be outstanding, not for the meat to be outshone by the bun and the cheese.  The eggs benedict weren't bad, but also weren't great.  Sort of the standard fare but served on focaccia instead of an english muffin.  On the upside, the bloody mary and the iced tea were both delicious, and we really liked the atmosphere - it was really comfy and cozy.Went here for brunch.  I'm always torn between the sweet and savory brunch offerings, so I ordered the French toast with a side of sausage.  While the sausage was quite tasty -- sweet Italian sausage rather than a typical breakfast sausage -- the French toast was a major disappointment.  It looked quite lovely on the plate -- thick slices of bread garnished with a drizzle of maple syrup, fresh strawberries, and a dollop of whipped cream.  However, the French toast was dry and flavorless.  Usually, French toast is made by submerging bread in a custard batter and allowing the bread to absorb the batter before frying.  The result is a dish that is nicely crisp on the outside and custardy-chewy on the inside.  The French toast at Rouge seemed to be made by very quickly dipping the bread in the custard batter, or perhaps brushing on a light coating, so the resulting dish tasted like pan seared slabs of bread.  With so many brunch options available in Philadelphia, many of which offer tasty variations on French toast, I see no reason to make the trip to Rouge.Always my first stop in Philly for the best burger in town and top 5 burgers in America. People watching is best overlooking Rittenhouse Square. Casual Plush swank sophistication inside and outstanding food.