I like Royal Tavern, I do, I promise. Good decor, football on the TV, nice bartenders, different and delicious things like truffle oil parmesan popcorn, and a quality jukebox. HOWEVER. I think I'm allergic to this otherwise fine establishment. I walked in tonight - immediate sniffles. Walked out - slight sneezing. And since I've graduated to puffy, watery eyes that can barely see to write this review. I'm willing to give Royal a second chance, but next time I'll be packing some Zyrtex.I actually don't know anyone who has eaten here and does not like the Royal Tavern.  The food is delicious and the portions are generous.  I like to try the specials because I know that whatever I get will be amazing and different, and there are usually at least 5 each day to choose from.  The staff is friendly and really seem to enjoy working there.  Cozy restaurant with a very intimate feel.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!I'm not vegan and pride myself on an unapologetic love of meat -- but the vegan sloppy joe may be my favorite item on the menu.  The sloppy joe sauce is out-of-this-world good.  Paired with a beer and some crab fries with a game on the TV at the bar -- it's transcendant.  If you prefer a table experience, there are plenty of seating options away from the TVs at the bar.  The place is rightfully a popular neighborhood hang out, so be prepared to wait to get a seat if you go at a peak evening time.The first time I attempted to dine at the Royal we decided to turn away due to the wait. As I recall it was a Friday after 9pm, so I don't see this as a negative.
I returned for brunch and it was still a bit packed, but they were able to accommodate our odd party of five. We all decided to pass on the hair of the dog so I can't speak for the drinks, but bloody mary's and mimosas both can be had for a reasonable $5. I did go with one of the featured specials of ham, swiss and scrambled eggs in crepes, and I received four of them with some sort of cream sauce on top. I was satisfied with my choice though I did find the lunch meat sliced ham to be a little disappointing. 
They have a rather extensive selection of vegetarian/vegan options and the vibe is somewhat hipster, but this is South Philly after all and if you want a cheese steak, well, you know where you can find one. Service was spot on, food was great, prices reasonable. Certainly worth checking out.I came here for the first time, I heard they have great food and drinks.   I went in Christmas Eve to meet my friend their and I was treated with no respect, I don't know if it was because I was gay, black? I don't know.  But the way I was treated by the bartenders was completely inappropriate and my friend who came to meet me even said, he's come before and he feels I might of been targeted because of my race or sexual preference..   I will
Never go here again Bc you made me feel like I was a criminal.I am going to have to agree with everyone and say this place is definitely a go. Beer selection is great, service is friendly, and the food is AWESOME! They make the best grilled cheese I have ever had, they use a combination of cheeses, one of which is smoked gouda-and they make it on GARLIC BREAD-you need to try one, today.Best vegan options! The cheesesteak is amazing.The staff had an impressive selection of band tees and that talk was greatly appreciated.Kind of bizarre that this place advertises itself as the best burger when it features and array of vegetarian and vegan options. I guess it is good that there is something for everyone but I would imagine that if you are a true Vegan, which I am not, that there is not much appeal in watching someone wolf down a burger - - - even if it is the best burger - - or maybe especially because it is purportedly the best burger. So like if a Vegan and a non Vegan come here to eat and the non Vegan is telling the Vegan how good the burger is doesn't that make for an awkward meal?.   I get that these are first world problems but I am just saying. .... I opted for the Wakame Soba salad with tofu. This is not an easy dish to execute and I have to say that they nailed this and got it 100% right! The soba and tofu were cooked perfectly and the vegetable and peanuts in the dish just simply delightful!  If I come back I will try the burger. Hint - - -half priced draft and well drinks at happy hour!Great place.  Surprisingly good food.  Reasonable prices.  Good vibes.
Royal Tavern is one of my go-to places.  It's the perfect blend of relaxed bar and great restaurant.  I have never had anything there that I didn't like.  Highlights include the Angus burger, popcorn, and cubano rolls.  Their brunch is also fantastic!  Breakfast burrito, baby!
The only bummer is that it can get crowded.  The slightly "relaxed" service doesn't always help that, but in this case, I don't hold it against them.BEST Bloody Mary's in the city! Mmmmmm super fresh, savory and spicy ;)
Service is meeehhhhh, but they mean well lol. Food is never a miss!I'd have never found this place on my own - but was sent there by a co-worker who lives around the corner.  This place looks like... and in truth is... a cozy neighborhood bar.  That said - it has probably one of the most amazing kitchens in the city.  But there is a down side to this... it's a small joint so show up early because getting a table is next to impossible at times. 
One thing I love about this place is the wait staff.    Ask about the specials and they will tell you if they are worth skipping the regular menu for.  For instance last time out I had an amazing Jambalaya... rivaling anything I've had in the French Quarter in New Orleans... off the bar menu.  But every other time was steered by the waiter toward one of the gems on the standard menu. My favorite is the Roasted Chicken Breast.  The menu says it's butternut squash,
catalan spinach, cinnamon-cardamom crme frache and frangelico - but the result seems far more rich and complex than that.  I could sit on teh floor with a two gallon stick pot of the squash and eat like a little kid.  Absolutely amazing.Children, I have figured it out.  The riddle of the Sphinx?  No, the riddle of why people like the Royal Tavern!  And having solved this caper, I think I may be able to figure out why folks like other places that appear to be located in Sucktown, USA.
Anyway, back to her Royal Taverness.  It's not a bar!  It's a restaurant!  If you (I) go there expecting it to be a bar, you (I) will most likely attempt some violent shit out of frustration.  But once you realize it's just a restaurant, the whole game changes.  
Allow me to explain:
Crowd?
Expecting bar:  Wow, everyone here is kind of sad and lame and should probably go shopping to replace their feeble excuse for a wardrobe.
Expecting restaurant:  Hey look, it's packed, and everyone seems kind of happy!
Decor?
Bar:  Um, this is weird.  It looks a little too fancy to not have a cocktail menu.
Restaurant:  Dark wood, low lights!  Cool!
Service?
Bar:  I'm too bored to care.  Can we go to McGlinchey's now?
Restaurant:  Nice enough.
Of course this whole expectation thing would be a moot point if the food were not up to par (yeah, I'm looking at you, Sidecar).  Granted, I've only had the burger, but man.  That was a good burger!  I'm not usually into bacon on burgers, but I felt like all of the toppings (spicy mayo, long hots) had been thought out, and it worked!  I would feel safe putting my palate at the mercy of the rest of their menu.  
And the jukebox...well, it doesn't fucking kill, but hearing more than one T. Rex song over the course of a burger is going to win you more than a few points with me....So good! I went here for brunch on a random Sunday. I had the hash brown scramble and it was amazing. I'm not a huge fan of eggs and this sold me. Add the special blackberry mimosas and this meal made me a happy woman. And it's affordable especially when you go home happy and full.I have to say that I always considered myself a "Loyal Follower" of Royal Tavern but after my last visit I have to say I was definitely disappointed. 
We were there for brunch and I choose the Italian Sausage Gravy over Biscuits that WAS NOT described as spicy and I have never seen a spicy version in my life BUT I have been to Royal Tavern many times and I know they often make dishes spicy without putting it in the description, which by the way I will never understand but whatever. So I asked the waitress just to be sure and her exact words were "na, it's not really spicy, not at all". Now let me explain, I am not someone that is scared of spicy food but currently I have some acid reflux issues due to medicine I am taking so sadly I have to stay away from spicy food, temporarily thank God! 
The dish came out and not only was it spicy, EVERYTHING WAS SPICY. The Sausage - Spicy, Gravy (which is normally a white gravy) was so spicy it was a pink, Biscuits - Spicy (and not that good I might add). Even the hash browns on the side were dusted in Cyan Pepper. I took one bite to give it the "Old College Try" but I just couldn't do it. So I then waited 5/10 minutes for the waitress to finish doing her shoots with the Bartender and other waitress before I could send it back. I have nothing against waitresses and bartenders doing to occasional shot but Saturday morning Brunch, really??? The waitress offered to make me something else but my wife was already half way though her meal so I declined. Then it took a turn from crappy experience to I clearly do not care about my customer right now because the bill comes and the waitress charged me for the Biscuits and Gravy!!! After she clearly did not know the menu and I took one bite and sent it back she still charged me!!! 
Everything considered I would have given a 3 star for this meal since I love Royal Tavern but is this a sign that things are changing there? I can not mark my experience as "A-OK" if I had to pay for a meal I could not eat because the waitress doesn't know the menu. It won't be my last trip to Royal Tavern because above of all else they still have the BEST BURGER IN PHILLY. But I guess only time will tell if they are starting to slip on the food and service that gave them there "Loyal Following".there's lots to like about the royal:
1. good beer
2. vegan and veggie-friendly food items that are delicious, especially with #1. i recommend the vegan sloppy joe.
3. relatively chill and down-to-earth atmosphere, although it often gets crowded quickly.
one of my favorite bars in philadelphia.Went here after a concert. Looking for cheese curds which I thought I saw on their menu. Walk in, seat yourself. Got waters and menus fairly quickly. I asked the server if they had cheese curds since I didn't see it on the menu and he shook his head no. So we ordered the vegan cheese steak and the wakake soba noodle salad. Both were brought out really quickly. We also got drinks - dogfish beer and an Arnold Palmer. Arnold Palmer was tasty and we like the dogfish so that was good. The cheesesteak was piping hot and had mushrooms and onions I believe, which I love so that was good. We shared that and the soba salad. That was really good too. Served cold and sriracha on the side. We ate everything. Glad we went - still on my quest for cheese curds though. One day.....I kind of see a trend going on here where the No. Libs and Bella Vista have some sort of alter ego thing going on.  While No. Libs has the Abbaye, Bella Vista has the Royal Tavern.
Both have delicious beers and really, really delicious food that tend to lean towards the veggie side.  
I prefer the Abbaye due to it's proximity to my homestead, though.  Royal Tavern is basically the same thing for when I'm in South Philly.I live right next to this place but I hardly ever come here.  I suppose my main reason is because the place is always so packed.  In addition, I've been told the food here is amazing but yet the first two times I came I was rather disappointed.  That however is all subject to change.
Based on a few comments on Yelp I went with the recommendation of the Angus Burger.  Seriously the burger was out of this world.  The pepper they put on top was simply magnificent!  I have also tried the Grilled Cheese once before and I liked that as well.
Unfortunately I would love to give this place more stars but personal based on my experiences and taste buds it has been hit or miss.  I do really like this place and the customer service is great.  I would definitely suggest giving it a shot.  They do have the beers I like so I will probably be back.  :)LOVE this place.  And, since I live 5 doors away, they make many of my meals!  I've never had a bad dish here but particularly love the Meatloaf sandwich and their burgers.
Probably the nicest wait staff in town, too.  Everyone is very nice and down to earth and happy to help.  Jukebox is one of the best in the city.In the world of Philly bar food lore, the Royal Tavern is a legend. My appetite for pub grub is also legendary, yet somehow the two have never crossed. If you asked me about "the royal" I would be able to say a few quick quips 'best burger in south Philly" and so on, but truth be told I have never been there. I remedied the situation. Having barely recovered from a nightmare south of Washington, I got back on the horse. I really enjoyed the experience. 
Pretty well reviewed, I will just offer a few simple musings. 
The bar was full, subsequently loud with conversation but outside you could not hear a peep. Combined with the fact that the bar blends in with the surrounding houses, a perfect blueprint for how a business can blend in to a neighborhood without disturbing the neighborhood vibe. Hear me SWCC? 
The place was pretty dark inside. When our food arrived, They turned the lights down lower. I really like to see what I'm eating, but apparently I am the minority on this point. 
The beer list was on par with the other micro brew taverns in Philly. My meatloaf sand which with bacon marmalade was delicious. The fish and chips are gigantic and my friends enjoyed them. Gnocchi appetizer is a must. 
The Royal tavern stands shoulder to shoulder with many of my favorite bars. I will be back to try the burger.Last night was my third time eating here and, once again, loved every bite! Last night I was really looking forward to the ruby red mojito I had last time I was in, but no dice. Apaprently that had only been a special. They were more than willing to make me a regular mojito though, and who am I to turn that down?! I also got the chicken caesar salad (the chicken was AMAZING!). The decor is great (tin roof and christmas lights) and the staff is super friendly and nice. The only reason I took a star away is because they have a crazy neighbor who has been known to attack people.Cool atmosphere nice servers and menu was very creative and offered a lot of delicious vegan items! Deff will be going back brunch and mimosas are also deelish!My husband and I just moved to Philly from Brooklyn and we were on the look-out for a new local brunch spot. Consider the position filled! 
Delicious brunch (I am partial to the eggs with tater tots and chipotle crema), not too pricey and we don't have to wait an hour to eat. 
For dinner the meatloaf sandwich is so so yummy. I haven't tried anything else yet but don't worry; I just moved here!The Royal Tavern is one of my favorite destinations for good eats in Philadelphia. 
The Food Girl and I have been frequenting The Royal (thats what its fans call it) for years now. There are just so many reasons to go, really. Where do I even start?
Are you a blood-thirsty, unapologetic carnivore? Well then the Royal is the place for you. Their angus burger is the apex of the recent burger resurgence in Philly. Piled high with long hots, smoked Gouda, bacon and a spicy mayo, this is as good as it gets. It comes served with a generous portion of fries alongside their patented malt vinegar mayo. YUM. 
Or maybe you are a tree-hugging hand-across-the-world vegetarian type, like my lovely fiance. You're covered too. Their tempeh club is out of this world, and just one of many vegetarian-friendly options. 
Perhaps- like us- you love brunch. Again, the Royal is a winner. It's as alive at 11am on a Sunday as it is midnite on a Friday. There are always interesting specials, reliable standbys & damn good coffee and bloody marys. 
Or maybe you are just a stone-cold drunk who cares about nothing more than satisfying the pathetic lush who lives inside all of us. I suggest you go to the Royal as well. Theirs is a fantastic drinking spot, with a reliable and rotating list of beers. 
As you can the see, the Royal Tavern is many things for many folks. Go there and see for yourself. You wont regret it.Where do I start?  Dirty.  Skirt steak tacos -- limp, unattractive, taste?  None.  Hericort vert almandine -- looked like a FEW limp, shriveled green beans.  My friend had the taco also and refried beans which ran like sauce!  My guess is that they keep it that dark so you can't see what you're eating and sitting on.  Yuck!G & I checked this spot out after a few beers at the POPE.  We split the popcorn, potato skins and the burger. Yum!  Enough food for 2 and the burger was delicious.I've been to Royal Tavern a bunch for drinks and dinner, but had my first brunch experience on Saturday after having a Bloody Mary craving and a bit of a hangover. I am yet again happy to have this place around the corner. I read that this is one of the best places in the city for Bloody Mary's and I absolutely agree. I can't recall any place in Philly that has better Bloody Mary's. It was garnished with lime, lemon, olive and a pickle. It was also perfectly spicy and for only $5! And it is a rather large, filling Bloody Mary. It is in a big glass. I don't think I could handle more than 2 of these since they are so big and filling. (I hate when you order a Bloody Mary and you get a small glass filled with a bunch of ice and you can suck the thing down in 3 sips- not the case here.) The brunch food was also pretty good but I think I am a bigger fan of their dinner food than I am the brunch menu. I had the salmon special which was pretty much lox on a bagel with a side of potatoes. The salmon was good and fresh. My bf ordered the biscuit special and said it was good but I didn't try it. Serving size was perfect- filled you up without making you feel disgusting about yourself. We also ordered buffalo chicken wings which were good, not the best I ever had, but still tasty. My favorites here are still the vegan tempeh club and vegan sloppy joe.
Also, there was no wait for brunch when we arrived a bit after noon on a Saturday.I really enjoy this place. The vegan food options are really good. I absolutely love the tempeh reuben! They also have a very nice beer selection. The only downside is it can be tricky to get a table on weekend evenings, but the wait usually isn't terribly long. Just grab a brewskie at the bar while you're waiting!The burger is good.
All the food is good.
It's good. (Royal Tavern)
4 StarsI've never had a REAL meal here, but each time I go here, I think about how I need to get back.  I've had their vegan sloppy joe's at street food fairs, and I've been there for drinks a few times. Each time, I am just more and more happy that they exist.  I recently swung by late at night, and had tater tots - which were great and cheap! I recommned it.The front is very unassuming and you can easy walk right pass it. As you read the menu you realize that you walked into a new world. My friend and I happened upon it at brunch time. We shared a dogfish head theobroma, BACON bloody mary, an augus burger and french toast with dulce de leche.
The burger had bacon, caramelized onions, smoked gouda, pickled longhots, chile mayonnaise. Every bite you tasted something a bit different. It wasn't about a hook it was just great beef and amazing toppings that will easily make us drive 3 hours to get more.
Everything was amazing!The place is a little divey but the food is awesome. Gourmet ingredients at fair prices.Our neighborhood joint. Feel really lucky to have it around the corner. Great value. Surprisingly savory combinations of flavors. Solid. The way a gastropub should be.Yes, there are great burgers here but there is so much more going on that you must check out the menu (note: slight variations once you arrive) to do this place, and yourself, justice.  We enjoyed a phenomenal dinner, excellent service from waitress (who really knew their extensive beer offerings well), and the buss staff (who were attentive and helpful in packing up leftovers).  We went for a Monday early dinner at 6 and the place was virtually packed to the brim but we got seated right away, by the time we left there was a line out the door and we thought, it's worth the wait. Kitc.hen serves 'til 1am.I've been here a few times and I have to say every experience has improved.  I started with the much hyped royal burger and couldn't handle the pickled jalapeno which in my opinion took away from all of the other ingredients (bacon, caramelized onions, smoked gouda,pickled longhots and chile mayonnaise on seeded brioche bun) between the bun.  
Then I tried the meatloaf sandwich which didn't quite satisfy my tastebuds for the night (bacon, provolone, fried onions
and porcini mushroom ketchup on ciabatta). 
It wasn't until last night that I found exactly what will make me go back a 4th, 5th, and 6th time.  
Simple items, nachos and grilled cheese.  Done to perfection.  
The nachos (corn chips, mozzarella and jack cheeses,
pico de gallo,lettuce, jalapeños,
sour cream, guacamole) started us off split three ways.  I'm pretty sure I was trying to eat faster then my friends in order to get more then my fair share of guac.  I probably could have ended there but alas I muscled through when the waiter brought out my meal.  The grilled cheese (smoked gouda, sharp provolone and goat cheese on rustic french bread) was delicious and I  will certainly mozy my way over to order this during happy hour one day after work when I come home to an empty fridge.  
Royal Tavern, it may have taken a few times but we're going to be good friends from here on out.I have been here a handful of times mostly for brunch usually with lager group of friends. The service has always been good. Although a friend of mine had a very bad experience once. I wasn't there for it but the manager took care of the situation and all was well in the end.
They have an ample beer selection and the food is good. My favorite is their burgers.I recently moved to queens village and needed a place to grab a bite to eat late with friends visiting, mind you i did little due diligence before moving to a new area, well we walked. we ended up at royal and order various apps and beers. I had a dogfish head aprihop and split the chix nachos and mac chz. 
Everything was great other than the push over bartender that greated us. Could have been more warming but the female waitress pulled through and made a solid evening. Ill be back.We showed up as a group of 4 at 7pm on a Saturday over the summer. The place was full enough that we had to wait 25 minutes for a table but there was room at the bar so we were comfortable and had some drinks. After we were finally seated the service was reasonably snappy and we placed our orders in a reasonable amount of time. The food came quickly, the portions were huge, and our waiter checked in multiple times to see how things were going.This bar has my favorite beer, Ommegang's Three Philosophers.  I like that.  I also like the retro beer advertisements in the bathrooms (funny) and the super hand drying machines (the best kind of hand dryers).  The dark colored wood which comprises the bar is classy.  I also really enjoy the Pan Fried Gnocchi -- quite delicious (though overpriced).  Throw all the pine nuts and arugula you want on it.  It's still just gnocchi for $15.
But that's kind of the overall theme here -- nice selection, but you're going to pay for it.  Average to higher than average.
Service can be hit or miss.  Servers are quick to start... but taper off from there.
I really want to love this place.  I mean, I like it fine enough.  I've been here many times with various groups of people.  But it has never developed into the love category.  I'm usually the guy who says, hey-- let's go to The Dive.  And they say, hey-- let's go to the Royal Tavern instead.
Seating is also limited.
What can you do?  The Royal Tavern is a fine bar.  Just not one of the finest in the city, in this humble yelper's opinion.  Meh.This place is wildly underrated and to be honest, I'd like to keep it that way. Having explored more vegan foods lately, I find that Royal Tavern and Khyber Pass (in old city), both of which are owned by the same people, offer a lovely selection of vegan foods. I am not vegan and definitely eat meat, but if a menu has vegan options I am more likely to choose those unless there is some good fish on the menu. With that being said, I have been here several times. My only complaint is that their food tends to be on the greasier side. So if you're looked for healthy plant-based vegan, this probably isn't the place for you unless you specify light oil or whatnot. This place will be a great go-to for me for date nights, hanging with friends, or coming alone. Plus, the local library is across the street so I recommend picking up a nice book and having yourself a meal and a beer.The service I received here tonight for a to-go order was completely unacceptable. And yes, I am posting this already because I am so bothered about the terrible service.  
I ordered two burgers to go on the phone and was told that it would be ready in 15 minutes.  I showed up at Royal about 15 minutes later and was told by a waitress that it wasn't ready yet.  Ok, totally fine with that.  About a half hour later, I notice a to-go order come out and the SAME waitress who I spoke to when I came in, looked at the ticket and then put it above the bar. Obviously I assume it's not mine since she knows I've been waiting in the bar for well over 30 minutes and sees me standing there. Bartender finally goes over and checks the order about 15 minutes after she brought it out- wouldn't you know, it's my order.  
Then my fiance and I got to come home and eat cold, soggy burgers. 
I've worked in the restaurant business and understand that to-go orders are annoying and don't usually result in tips; however that waitress' behavior was completely unacceptable. I don't care how much I like their burgers, I will never return to a place that employs people who don't care about the customers and only care about their tips. 
The waitress was the one with the really long hair.I am about to go on record and say that Royal Tavern has the best burger in the city. Other notable mention goes to the Chicken Frankie (curry chicken wrap, but the size of a burrito). Never really impressed with their draft beers. And the service is usually pretty surly, so I never feel comfortable asking for a recommendation. But the food is really good and you can usually get a table, so I do like to frequent this place a lot.I had the grilled chicken sandwich. The bread had a burnt taste. It wasn't burnt but had black burnt shit on it. Either a dirty grill or toaster IMO. Didn't notice till halfway in. The apple and blue cheese was tasty, though not creative. The chicken was paper thin, barely 4oz if it was.  The arugula was good to round out the sandwich. I'd say the overall sandwich experience was compromised by the burnt taste and the diminutive chicken portion, as if its hard to toast bread or chicken is in short supply. It could be a great chicken sammy with some ATD. 
The beer menu was weak for South Philly. Replacing two IPAs with two saisons was a bad choice, IMO, on the draught menu. 90minute and Yards aren't very creative choices if you only have two IPAs on draught.Yay!  Such a fun place!  If I lived here I'd come here all the time.  Fun hip vibe, great bar and local beers.  Good selection of vegan/vegetarian food!  
We had to wait about ten minutes for a table on a week night, as it was a little packed.  The great thing was there is a jukebox with a wonderful indie music selection that kept us occupied.
I had the vegan sloppy joe and I have to admit I was a little hesitant.  I'm a new vegetarian and sloppy joes is a favorite.  I was hoping it would hold up.  Oooh, it did.  It was soo tasty and huge, I ate the entire thing.  It also came with a side order of cole slaw which was great.  We shared the mac and cheese, which wasn't too bad, a litte chalky but full of flavor.  The fries were very yummy too.
We tried their local beers.  The local dark beer is very smooth, good but I'm not a big dark beer fan.  I ordered the Sweaty Betty beer (honestly just so I could repeat the fun title to the waitress), its a lighter beer with a hint of fruit but with a Miller kick at the end which I could have done without.  
Overall an awesome place to go, little pricey but totally worth it.Went first time last night to grab dinner. Staff was very friendly. Drinks were reasonable. Had the toasted gnocchi, chicken tortillas, chicken and arugula sandwich with french fries and had some of the kale caesar. Everything was really good. Cant wait to go back.i dont drink, but i do eat, so this bar rules. great food served in a perfect bar atmosphere. love that.Not fancy, but doesn't need to be, This unassuming local tavern serves up some of the tastiest bar fare around. Not to mention the best burger in town IMHO. Service is friendly despite the continual crowds waiting for one of a handful of tables, and my friends say the veggie options are great, though I've never tried any as aside from the burger, the Korean fried chicken is also a favorite. Their house pomengranate sangris is great, as is the beer selection, and the stellar jukebox. Great place for a drink and eats with friends, thouggh going with a group larger than 4 can be challenging for finding table seating.Hands-down the best burger in the city, The staff is very friendly service is great I have visited once a week for years and have never been disappointed.Don't be afraid if you're middle-aged by the darkness and the music once you're there the staff is so accommodating you feel right at homeThe burger is incredible. They have one burger on the menu, but the proposed toppings are unique and perfect. The burger comes with gouda, sautéed onions and long hots. You can add or take away toppings, but I recommend not changing a thing. It is such a great combination of flavors. The bun is essentially a large seeded brioche. The beef is well-seasoned and always cooked perfectly. The fries are freshly cooked and perfectly sized (not skinny or too thick). They also have a delicious grilled cheese and meatloaf sandwich. Yum! 
The service is great. The bar made great cocktails, plus has good beer on tap. The humble pub atmosphere also makes this place perfect. This joint gets busy, but if there's a wait, trust me. It's worth it. One of the best burgers in Philly.Three cheers for the Royal Tavern! Open late, tasty food, good service, and great tunes. My favorites are the barbecue wings and bacon wrapped tater tots, which might have been a one time thing, not sure. Still, if you see 'em, get 'em! Almost everything that can be dipped comes with a tasty homemade dipping sauce as well. The menu is a little small but my friends and I ordered different things and we were all very satisfied with what we got. Dessert was a little disappointing though. Decent, but not worth the price.
As for the non-food things, they were also quite good. Service was a little slow but still friendly and understanding. Luckily, they have a jukebox to keep you entertained while waiting filled with everything from Rick Ross to the Clash to Justice and beyond. Commendable hours too! More often than I'd like I'm stuck trying to think of a place that serves dinner and is open past 9 or 10 but now I know the Royal Tavern is there and serving tasty foods.Nice tavern experience that has some vegan items which is much appreciated.
I have been there on a weekday evening in summer and winter and they are very different. The place is not very crowded on summer weekdays but mobbed on a weeknight between Christmas and New Year's.
The best item: the smoked coleslaw which is vegan. Get it. Every time.
I also am a fan of their vegan bahn mis. Always a treat. The onion rings are great and they are vegan but the sauce they come with is not. Be careful.
One thing they can work on is how cold it was inside on a freezing winter night.
Very worthwhile though. Good place for vegans and non-vegans to congregate together.Highly recommend the beer battered artichokes and French fries with malt vinegar mayo. Friendly and attentive staff. Nice ambiance.Not a huge lunch menu, but we were only there for the burgers. They were unbelievable. Best I've had in a long time. Nice beer selection. The place had a nice feel. Not too big, not too small. Loved the handcrafted old style bar.Really like this place.  Stopped in for lunch during a weekday and was surprised that it was practically empty!  My co worker read somewhere that the had the best burger in the state, so we decided to try it.  WOW!  Yes, it's true.  What's funny is that they don't advertise or mention this...or even boast about it.  It's just on the menu as the Angus burger, no hype, just listed just like the other menu items.  For a minute, I wondered if we were even in the right place.  We ordered it anyway & it was SO GOOD.  The meat was so fresh and the toppings blended so well.  
Great beer selection, and the server/bartender was so nice & friendly.  My friend didn't really like their drink & the bartender noticed they weren't drinking it & asked if anything was wrong.  She took the drink back with a smile & "re-made it" without my friend even having to complain.  She also chatted us up about the neighborhood & cracked a few quick jokes.  Awesome service. Great way to spend an afternoon.
They are so modest about the greatness of the burger, it's perplexing.  The fries were great too.  Will definitely be back.I really, really wanted to love this place. I love the darkness, tavern-y feel of the spot. Great music and atmosphere. Didn't love that happy hour was 4-6 but nothing you can do about that. All good. Service was great, no complaints there. Cleared the dishes, kept us hydrated (water and otherwise) and was very attentive.
Ordered the much talked about burger and I may have talked it up too much because while it was good, it wasn't the BEST burger ever. It was just.... good. We asked for medium and got well. The BBQ Brisket grilled cheese sandwich was pretty good. I loved the fries with the aioli dip and the mozzarella cheese (when we asked for cheese). The calamari was a disappointment as I expected more quantity wise.I went there for brunch, and the food was great. Simple and homemade-like, in a good way. Also, my friend's Bloody Mary was on the house. Nice.One of my favorite places.  They consistently deliver quality food and quality service.  I have yet to have a bad meal here.  
Favorites:  Burgers, Salads, & Specials.  
Definitely worth going to.Some of the best beers and best foods in philly
I strongly recommend this spot.  The chef is amazing, he's got the best wings in PHL as well as an amazing, diverse menu.  Similar to some other brew pubs in PHL, they have an amazing draft selection and some of the best food and wings imaginable.  I recommend mango habanero or Buffalo wings!This place is a really great option if you have a lot of differing tastes in your group. The menus has a huge variety with vegetarian choices, ethnic dishes - it's easy to find something everyone will like. The atmosphere is a true dive bar, but it can get really packed for brunch and dinner. They don't take reservations, though, so try coming at an off time to assure you get seated quickly.I eat at Royal Tavern on average about once a week. "Royal" as it's locally known, has a great vibe, much like the neighborhood, lots of locals, great people, and good music. Where they really shine is their Specials Menu - local and seasonal, always delicious and inventive. There are of course trusty favorites I get on a regular basis. The Cubano Spring Rolls are a must try, and the Nachos are gigantic & delicious (oh word to the wise - that Longhot on the Burger is INTENSLY HOT just sayin' otherwise, the burger is a good bet as well). The portions are generous, and the tatertots always crispy. There are also a lot of Vegan items, including dessert!
Brunch is no exception for the rule of deliciousness (there's also a Cubano Omlette which is one of my favs) and again, check the specials board before you make any decisions. If you're looking for a quick fix to take home & enjoy on your couch, while they don't take orders over the phone, I've gotten takeout while standing at the bar in my pajama bottoms plenty of times. Oh bonus - the kitchen is open until 1am, for semi-late night eating. It's a great place to grab a pint & a bite to eat in the neighborhood.My wife and I had brunch here, and we were incredibly underwhelmed after having heard the massive hype.
I get that it's more a bar than anything, but Royal Tavern certainly does not fit the gastropub brunch bill. First, a poor tea selection. Second, very slow and inattentive service despite there being a very small crowd. Third, mediocre or worse food. I had a breakfast burrito with tomato basil soup; the burrito was OK, but it was served on a plate where a black bean side had seeped onto the burrito, making it difficult to eat. The soup, however, was bland and thin. My wife's experience was far worse. Granola that didn't have much more than oats, fruit that was billed as fresh but ended up being a canned fruit cocktail, and soy milk that wasn't included. Due to the slow service, it took over 15 minutes to alert the staff that soy milk hadn't been included; due to the otherwise low quality of the food, we didn't feel compelled to find someone to fix the order, which did end up being taken off the bill.
The bottom line is this: In this neighborhood, I am not sure why anyone would go here for brunch.Royal Tavern is on my list of Top 10 Philly Eats. The Brunch is solid. I've never been let down by it. Recently, I went out of my way to try the Angus burger that everybody raves about. I was afraid with that much hype, I'd be let down. Quite contrary. The burger lived up to its rep. It was made perfectly medium-rare (which is how I ordered it) and was insanely juicy. Burgers need to be juicy, ya hear? They also honored my request to replace the Gouda with goat cheese, since I'm cow's milk intolerant. 
Combining a perfectly cooked burger with bacon, caramelized onions, pickled long hots, and chile mayoannaise on on seeded brioche bun? Pure heaven! Favorite beef burger so far by far. I'll definitely be back!I was visiting a friend in Philly who took me to Royal Tavern for breakfast.  The strawberry crumble pancakes were amazing!  Super friendly staff with great food, can't beat that.  I will definitely be back next time I am in the area!This is a great place for a casual drink and bite to eat.  Food is always delicious and great selection of beer.Great and friendly service, great beer selection, and the best burger I've ever had.  I've only been here once so the sample size is too small to give it 5 stars, but maybe I'll write another review once I start going more often.Best burger in town. Great friendly service. Great soba noodle salad. Fine beer selection. Will Oldham's instrumental album on the iPod -- "Seafarers" -- what?! So up my alley. Used to love to sit in the window and read and watch the sun change the color of the wall across the street. Isaiah Zagar has since done that wall up with what's maybe his mirrored mosaic masterpiece. But before and surely now the bottles and the beautiful mahogany bar illuminate in such a way in the evening that irradiates the soul (especially if you've had a few). Anyway, my first meal in town -- a forgettable tempeh reuben in July 2006 -- but I've since been here dozens of times, mostly sticking to the burger with collards or the soba salad. One of the reasons I love where I live. So stable. Same decor, one or two of the same waitstaff. Hope they never change.It's a place I always go back to. The beer list is always great, but the food is what keeps me coming back. The meatloaf sandwich is awesome, hands down the best bar food I've had. The service is consistently great, and the bartenders are knowledgeable and nice.  The environment is awesome, a hodgepoge of older folks, hipsters, and the neighborhood crowd. 
A plus is the jukebox and the chalk board in the bathroom!Home of the 2015 Best Vegan Cheesesteak (which my non-veg friends couldn't tell from the real thing) and other plant-based dishes. It's great to be able to walk into a pub with your friends and know there is something lovingly cooked for you, that you won't have to watch everyone else eat. Super-friendly staff and a fantastic chef.Good food, good ambiance, good vibe, good music, great service....
Five stars across the board !
p.s. I asked if I can substitute fries on my burger for something else and they offered me grilled asparagus (can't get that anywhere else in the city).This place is my favorite place for a hungover Saturday or Sunday lunch.  I have tried almost all the sandwiches on the menu and they are all very good, the only exception for me is the Vegan Sloppy Joe(not good).  Although I am not vegan or vegetarian but this place has a great selection for anyone who is.  My personal favorites on the menu are the Burger, the Meatloaf, and the chicken sandwich.  I like that the chef has put together some really interesting twists on traditional pub grub.  There is one downside to Royal Tavern...be prepared to wait for a seat lunch or dinner.  I suggest going at 3 o'clock if you want to sit right away.  
The staff are always friendly and helpful...if you haven't been go here now!Really great dive bar with amazing food! Love their popcorn. Great drink selection and fun atmosphere. Close quarters, so plan to stand around the bar if you go on a Saturday night. Highly recommended!I don't know if I can explain my undying adoration for this place. I love the dimly lit bar. I love the great beer selection (quality over quantity). I love the chalkboard in the bathroom.  But most of all, I love the food. I love love love the food.
I'm going to make a very bold statement: The burger here is the best burger in Philadelphia. Nay, the world. Smoked gouda, pickled long hots,  chili mayonnaise, brioche bun! I salivate at the thought...
That's not to say the rest of the menu isn't darn near perfect either. Some of the highlights include... spicy greens, truffle butter popcorn (at $3, a must while you wait), the meatloaf sandwich, mussels with chorizo, and those delicious fries. The only thing I would avoid is the Sweet Potato Bánh Mi (which I found to be relatively bland and very dry), especially when I've heard such great things about another vegan option on the menu: the Tempeh Club.
Annnnnd, I think I know where I'm going for dinner again tonight...Solid upscale pub fare.  I had the meatloaf sandwich, wherethe meat was thinly sliced, with an egg, mushroom and cheese and it was delicious, served with excellent pomme frites and mayo.  A small but varied draft craft brew list  was a great plus.  I'll be returning for more sampling soon.Normally my husband and I love this place but we were very disappointed in the service today. Our server,"server #5" according to the check, was awful. She was absolutely miserable the whole time. We were not asked once if we needed anything after the food came and it took her 20 minutes to give us the check after we asked for it. I'm not sure if she was hungover or what, but We will make sure not to sit in her section next time we come.Great food, great beer selection.  Comparisions to Standard Tap are apt.  The menu is fairly extensive and everything is a familiar item, almost always with an interesting twist.  A salad with a limoncello vinaigrette, calamari with harissa, and so forth.  I sampled a couple of IPAs which were both good, then had the wings, ordering a combination of the traditional buffalo as well as mango habanero.  The latter weren't nearly as spicy as I expected, nor did I really taste mango very strongly, but they were good, and coated with crumbled wasabi peas to boot.  Wings also come with carrot and pickled daikon in addition to the gorgonzola dressing.  The waitress was attentive.
The atmosphere is comparable to other establishments of this type and it seems to be a pretty laid back place.  I look forward to trying more of their fare.Royal Tavern has long been atop my list of places to try, specifically to try their burger. I decided after being on that list for over a year it was time to get my fill of their recommended fare. In a word, pretty good. Pretty damn good. Not my favorite burger in the city and maybe not even in my top 5, but usually anticipation that simmers as long as it does will ultimate deflate the overall reaction. Fair beer selection combined with a decent food menu and comfortable atmosphere creates a pretty solid trilogy of reasons for me to return to Royal, but with so many other places on my list to try.... I hope I can return again....The food is delicious. I got take out yesterday and ordered the chicken sandwich. It was delicious. The only negative was that the bread was a little soggy. I would defiantly eat here again.Maybe I'm just ordering the worst dishes on their menu but every time I go to the Royal I am underwhelmed.  The most recent time there I had the Mango Habanero wings.  While they were reasonably spicy the meat itself had the limpness suggesting that it was previously frozen - sort of like the wings that one would buy at the grocery -  preseasoned and found in the frozen aisle.  My friends and I also had sangria's that were just okay.Truly good Friday night dinner w/female relative.  Food is very well prepared - GREAT BEERS ON TAP-Servers & beer keeper are awesome
Only negative is tables are way too close, I don't want somebody's fight w/ his frigging girlfriend in my ear, while trying to relax after work.Great food- I'm not a vegetarian and the Vegan Sloppy Joe there is one of my favorites.  They also always have my favorite Woodchuck Dark & Dry Cider.  The smoke used to be excessive, but no longer a problem.  Sometimes the service can be a little spotty- depends on who you get.  Some of the waitstaff has been there for a while, but the newbies are often not on the ball.I absolutely love the Angus burger w/ bacon, caramelized onions, smoked Gouda, pickled longed hots and chile mayo! Paired with a side of tater tots because that's how I roll here. I wash it down with a icy cold draft of Miller Lite draft because I'm not classy.The burger is one of the best in the city, the staff are friendly and cool, and the vibe inside is great. Plus, prices are pretty good for the area. Just go! It's awsome.A-OK describes this place pretty well. M and I came here for dinner on a Friday night and were seated promptly. The beer list was decent, but none of the food really grabbed me too much. I ordered an entree size of the gnocchi (with tomatoes, pine nuts, spinach, and some strange brown gravy deal). It was pretty tasty, but it got boring after a little while. 
M got the burger and said it was good. He also got the wings sampler and I got to taste the buffalo wings and BBQ wings -- both were pretty solid. 
The guy that waited on us clearly didn't care about waiting on us, but I didn't really expect too much.So many choices, so many beers, awesome servers, open late. Our favorite place to go when it's late!I had heard that this place was fantastic but was disappointed, sorry Mindy K.  
My friend and I went here for brunch and tried to sit in the back section but were told that the ac was out and it would be cooler in the front. Evidently, their ac goes out a lot.  So, we sat right by the door, the only seats available. Besides being awkwardly placed, I did have a nice view of the bar and my friend got a breeze every time the door opened. 
I ordered the Tot Scramble which sounded ingenious and my friend ordered the Breakfast Burrito. Presentation was great, coffee was great, food going down was great. Food coming out, not so great. Too much grease, I think. And very heavy on the belly. 
If people are meeting here for drinks, I'd go back.  But I am not initiating contact.Had an excellent time here. Went for weekday lunch, so it wasn't crowded at all. I got an omelet that was on special with proscuitto, asparagus, and fresh mozzerella and it was delicious. Service was quick and very friendly. Prices are very reasonable. Will definitely be going back for dinner and drinks.
Update 10/24/11:
Had high hopes for the nachos but they were unfortunately very bad. Not much cheese and very very large pool of cold tomato/lettuce water floating at the bottom of the plate. 
Service very unfriendly and weird. But the burger was still very delicious. I would go back but probably stick to brunch.Decided to check this South Philly pub out on Tuesday since my girlfriend and I had a friend in town who loves beer and vegan food. Thankfully, this little secret is known for both and it definitely lived up to expectations.
For an appetizer, I tried the Fried Shrimp wrapped in bacon and some Old Bay Fries and both were awesome. The shrimp were tempura style and the bacon inside was totally tasty and crispy. For my meal, I got the mussels and basically ate 90% of my girlfriend's Smoked Gouda Grilled Cheese, because she wasn't feelin' it. Our vegan friend got the Vegan Sloppy Joe and she said that it was well spiced and a nice alternative to the original. That's a good sign, since it's often hard to find a decent bar with a menu full of vegan and vegetarian options.
The beer selection was very nice, if not totally exceptional. All the usual favorites were on tap or in bottles and our table got a bottle of Chimay Red, two Franziskaner Hefes, Delirium Tremens and a glass of Bell's Kalamazoo Stout (which still didn't really live up to its hefty reputation).
Our waitress was extremely friendly, offering up several menu and beer recommendations and the crowd was laid back and made some superb jukebox selections.
All in all, this place is a total diamond in the rough and a watering hole I plan to return to as often as possible.This place clearly does a lot of things right.  I'm not sure where they lost me.  I like the decor and ambiance, and the service was good.  The food wasn't too great, nothing looked great to me and I ended up with mussles which I normally love.  They put their own spin on it by using a curry sauce.  I liked the curry sauce, although it made a messy dish messier.  The only thing that I didn't like was that they had many fully cooked cloves of garlic in their.  I love garlic as much as the next person but I kept on inadvertantly eating the whole garlic cloves.  Again, I like garlic, but I like my friends much more so I imagine it made me more difficult to be around as the night went on.I love the Royal- my roommate works here so I'm here more often than other places. I love the burgers, and the eggs benedict on top of biscuits are phenomenal. I also love the vinegar mayo- its so good with the tots! 
The bloody mary's are also my favorite anywhere. Perfectly spicy and chunky with horse raddish! They have a pretty good craft beer selection too.
Good place anytime of day!Another C+, B- pub.
There is no shortage of pubs in the city with slightly better than average food and trendy beer lists. Royal Tavern fits right into that groove. 
I have to admit that the burger was good.  It had a bit of kick to it, with the addition of pickled longhots. Decidedly above average, but nothing I couldn't make better at home. The 'Korean Chicken' is a glorified chicken wing dish for $16...one may want to avoid that. Some of the appetizers we sampled had fairly developed flavour, but are also overpriced for what they are. 
The draft list isn't bad, but I need to ask pub owners a question. Why all the big, heavy beers in the summer? As a foodie, and an a fairly scrupulous critic, I wouldn't be mad at a couple 'fast balls' on the draught list. 1 Lager and 1 Ale is all I'm asking. Be as trendy as you like, but keep 2 staples for the traditionalists among us. They did however have Pilsner Urquell in bottles, which was nice. 
I went with a party after an event we attended. A few beers, and some light comida wound up at $80/couple. I can't say that I'm in a hurry to do that again. I'd rather cook circles around the chef at home for around $40, or take a major step up restaurant wise if I want to move closer to a three digit meal.Fantastic burgers and tacos. Decent beer selection. Very cool neighborhood bar. Caitlin the bartender was great.You just have to have the burger. For any burger lover out there.... The royal tavern burger has it all! It's like a religious pilgrimage every time I go there. Great laid back service and out of this world food. I always want to try something else on the menu, but the burger is so good I rarely have the courage to order something different. The atmosphere is great too!Ye Old Stomping Grounds...congrats on the #1 burger in PA from FoodTV, you've earned it. Still crave the duck-club every day.OMG... their angus burger is to. die. for.
It's probably my favorite burger in Philadephia.  Tied with 500 degrees or Village Whiskey for that title.
I also really like the atmosphere here- very laid back and an overall cool place to chill out and drink a few beers while you try to digest the massive burger you just ate.  Speaking of beers, I've always been satisfied with both the beer listing and prices.
Word of caution- they do not accept reservations, so arrive early if you have a larger group or do not want to wait for a seat.  But the burger is worth the wait, I assure you.I thought that I loved Royal Tavern.  But our relationship has been steadily declining.
On the first go, I was taken by the interior - dark and warm a la an old ship at night. The mussels and Tempeh BLT made my night complete (although the BLT was so salty I think I went into a coma).  Our server was awesome.  Beer list, pretty darn okay.  I was determined to make it back ASAP.
Second time around, service was pretty good.  Wings, lip-smacking excellent.  Vegan Sloppy Joe (don't hate me now) was not that good.  Not that good at all.  I do not recommend it.
Third time around, tried for SPTR, but kitchen was closed.  So trekked up to Royal.  Service - I'll stick with the adjective "awesome."  The root vegetable soup - I'll go with "freaking delicious."  BUT.  But.  We got two entrees on special that made me really sad.  The Chorizo Burger was dry, overcooked, and tasted like a mediocre hamburger.  Like the Royal Burger, the bun to burger ratio was way off - the patty looked a little like the last cheerio floating in a bowl of milk.  The Waldorf Salad was under-portioned and lacking in accoutrement.  The "gorgonzola" was flavorless, and the walnut halves were more walnut sixteenths.  Also, I understand that endive is a luxury lettuce, but I would appreciate if it were bulked up by some other green because when I order a $9 salad, I'm probably actually hungry.
Anyway.  I'm not sure what or how to feel anymore.  We'll see if I end up back there.  But it's going to take a while for the memory of being absolutely starving and handed a tiny lump of endive and grape halves to fade.one of the best bars in the city. and though i love sabrinas brunch, i do not have the patience on a sunday, so off to royal tavern we go! thats not to downplay the quality of brunch there either, they always switch up the specials and the regular menu is high qual too.
 i know its been said before but this is one of the top five burgers in the city.  i can live without smoked gouda but long hots and bacon, wow!  the beer selection is great too! the waitresses are always great even when they are really busy. dont go on sunday because i want to!The Royal Tavern. One of my favorite bars in the city. Not only do they have a great beer selection, but they also have my favorite burger in the city  - caramelized onions, smoked Gouda, bacon and condiments on top of a delicious roll. 
So why not give it 5 stars? Because, as many will state in their reviews, the service needs improvement. Last time i came here with a friend, our server forgot to put our order in, and it took an hour and a half to get our burgers. 90 minutes for two burgers! And she tried to blame it on the kitchen being busy. We ended up getting our food for free, but that is inexcusable, and she wasn't very apologetic.
If I had done that in my years of serving I would no longer have had a job! But things are different in Philly.Went for lunch  and had a  vegan club made with seitan and vegetarian bacon .It was pretty good.They have an imaginative  selection of draft beer and the music isn't too loud- a relief! I sat at the bar  and found the bartender pleasant and efficient.It was relaxing and I'd go again .The Royal has seriously great vegan beef nachos.  The stack of deliciousness is so high it seems like an architectural feat and can easily be shared by two (or three) people.  Vegetarians and meat eaters alike will dig them.  Their beer selection is good too, though sometimes on the pricey side (I wish they would get on board with a Kensinger special or some such thing).  My husband and friends love their burger.First just let me state if you want a pure beer bar, this isn't the place. That isn't to say there aren't good beer selections, but this is the gastro-pub you should frequent. They have two staple sandwiches, the meatloaf and the chicken breast sandwich (i wish they still had the duck club), everyone should have at least once when you go. These two sandwiches alone will keep you coming back, and that is not to say that is all there is on the menu, and the specials are always tasty. I've neglected this bar the past couple of years because the pope opened up, but I always enjoy a dinner at the Royal.an amazing burger! Nachos are great too! Exceptional beer selection. Great for brunch! May want to call ahead to see if they have seating. This place is beyond your average tavern. Staff is friendly and accommodating.This is THE best dive bar in Philly. The food is always on point and the people are friendly. Don't bother going on a Friday/Saturday night though because you'll be waiting forever.One of the few bars I regularly return to in Philly. Staff are great (ESP the waitress with the short hair), beer selection is spot on and the sloppy joe is PERFECT!This is one of my favorite places in the city!  Everything I've tried there is good.  However what keeps me coming back is the burger!  The royal burger for me is hands down the best in the city.  I gave up red meat due to high cholesterol but every few months I have to have a royal burger.
The atmosphere is great too.  It's not a real loud bar that you have to shout to hear yourself which is a huge deal for me.  when I go out I want to relax and talk to friends.  I never feel like I have to shout or like the wait staff is rushing me.  I have been going there for five years and have never been disappointed.This place is the best.  I am lucky to live right around the corner from it, but it's totally a destination spot, as well.  The burger is bar none, and the rest of the menu is inventive, fresh, and interesting.  (Favorites include the meatloaf sandwich, chicken frankie, the seasonal salads, chicken sandwich.  The only thing I don't recommend there are the wings.  But who needs 'em with all of the other choices, really?)  The specials are always amazing.  It's a great bar/restaurant hybrid.  It's got a good bar-type vibe (and juke box), but then the food is some of the best in the city.  Oh, and great beer and well-edited wine selection, as well.
Love this place!Really they should spell it 'Rooyal' Tavern because tonight my grilled cheese with bacon produced a personal double O. Possibly a triple. Seriously, this was no ordinary deal.
The fries ratchet matters up to four Os, offered in slow, consecutive, brow-beading waves. It's a powerful ride.
However tonight's Spinach and Garbanzo soup didn't do me. 
Strike 1: not hot enough. (95% of restaurants can't seem to serve hot soup hot. So dispiriting.) 
Strike 2: was tomato-y, when that's not how I visualized it. 
Strike 3: expected savory, got a mouthful of sweet.
(If I were asked to create a notation convention for menus, which I have not, I would create a Sweet Alert flag.)
Barfy soup aside, pretty much everything else I've had there on my 12 million other visits kicks Royal ass. The meatloaf sandwich is simply breathtaking. Never had one that's less than brilliant. Whereas with the burgers, which they're known for, my experience has been mixed. Many fine ones, but there have been some rough and dry ones in the batch.
The servers are AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING. LOVE them all.
One complaint I have is widely shared across the reviews, it seems. It can be REALLY LOUD. And yet, really fun. Even if you're dining just the one. GO GO GO!
Insider tips: 
- On a hot day, go inside for some cool shade and get a refreshing cider.
- Avoid the soda. Even when the lines seem cleaner, the soda always tastes off to me. (So why do I keep trying it...)
- Nice desserts.
- Very clean bathroom!I the Royal Poutine and it was a grand slam! Great fries topped with cheese curds, loads up shredded duck confit, and gravy topped with two eggs. Brunch heaven! The service was on point and the place was jumping. WELL DONE ROYAL TAVERN...we'll be back?!?I was hooked on the Royal Tavern after my very first visit.  I went with friends for a few more drinks after a house party in Bella Vista, and we were in no way disappointed.
We originally toyed with the idea of going to The Dive, but after setting foot inside, any bit of moisture was quickly sucked from my contacts by all the cigarette smoke lingering in the air.  I couldn't bear to stay there.  (Aside: You must realize I moved here from New York which has been entirely smoke-free for sometime now.  I don't think I've been in a smoky bar since going to shows my freshman year of college.  I can't handle it anymore.)
After that short visit we walked a few doors down to The Royal Tavern, and were immediately happier.  The atmosphere was fantastic, and the bar was still quite packed considering it was just about 1:30.  We took a table in the back, and each ordered a beer, of which they have a great selection.  I ordered a Brooklyn Lager, which I'd never had, but enjoyed.  The beer is a nice amber shade, with a slightly bitter taste and after taste, that doesn't overpower or linger too long.
Being in The Royal Tavern reminded me of being upstairs at Johnny Brenda's a bit.  I can't say exactly why, but I think it had something to do with the decor, atmosphere, and lighting.  I'm not saying saying it's a dead ringer for the place or anything, but definitely a similar feel.  Considering I love JB's so much, this is by all means a compliment.
Like I said, my friends and I showed up quite late in the night, and we ended up closing the bar.  The staff didn't mind at all that we were hanging around after 2:00.  The waitress just asked that we pay up our tab so she could cash out.  The bartender and bar back just went about their business cleaning the place up, not trying to throw us out the door or anything.  It sounds pretty stupid, but I really appreciate that.  I'm still far to close to the days of being ushered out the doors of college bars right at close like cattle by some over-huge, over-'roided, over-confident bouncer.
Bars for cattle: No like.
The Royal Tavern: Love.
EDIT:  The food at the Royal is totally to die for.  It's a perfectly sized menu, so decisions aren't too hard to make and you shouldn't worry, because they do EVERYTHING well.  I'm a non-vegan addicted to the Vegan Sloppy Joe.  The nachos are huge and awesome.  The grilled cheese is wonderfully rich.  Seriously, everything is perfect.  Oh and, last time I was there they even put the Giants' Monday Night game on for me.  Sweet!I'm not an early riser. We went for brunch. I guess to start, the best compliment I can give is that Royal Tavern is worth waking up for.
First, the Bloody Mary. I only sampled a friend's and absolutely regret not getting one for myself. great tomato flavor and a hell of a kick to it. Absolutely delicious.
Now for the food. Orders at the table were the Strawberry Crumb Pancakes, An omelet with potatoes and toast, a Merguez Sausage plate, and my tater tot scramble.
The omelet looked like an omelet. A nicely made omelet, but nothing special in and of itself. The pancakes looked great, a good amount of strawberries, and plenty of the crumb topping. the bite I had was quite delicious. 
The star was the Merguez sausage plate. I totally had order envy for a food I don't particularly care for. it may have been the best looking plate of food I've seen in some time. The sausage came over a tomato type sauce, with 2 beautiful eggs sunny side up, and a hash that had some peppers,probably poblano, in it. In hindsight I feel as if I'm a failure for not taking several food porn pics of it. judging from my friends reaction it was as delicious as it looked.
Now for mine, the Tater Tot Scramble. Compared to the sausage plate, this looked...bland. It was exactly what it said it was, scrambled eggs with tater tots, a pinkish sauce on top, and some toast. It was fine, but compared to the other plates, it was not nearly as drool inducing. Some parsley or a tomato or something would have made the plate far more appealing.
Then I took a bite. Perfect eggs and the tater tot crunch. It didn't matter what it looked like, this was delicious. A few bites in, I hit the center which is where the jack cheese and onions were hiding and reached another level of taste bud satisfaction. The chipotle crema added a creaminess, but I didn't taste too much of the chipotle. I wound up adding some Sriracha that they were kind enough to leave on the table because I like heat and really, why wouldn't you?
Our server, who's name I forget sadly, was awesome. She clearly knew the menu well and helped two of my friends down the path to meals they enjoyed greatly. She was quite attentive, but not annoying, throughout the meal. She was clutch in having our drinks refilled before we knew we needed it.
Will definitely be back next time I'm in town.First of all: One of their best sellers the chicken Frankie is only sold during dinner so after 5 which I just found out which infuriates me cuz I always get that but today that's not the case. They have a huge beer selection and great food especially great vegan and vegetarian choice. Place has good vibe to it kinda low key, nice, warm and comfortable place to grab some food. They also have fresh popcorn which again is only after 5 which I don't really get.
Bad things: the wait the wait and the wait... We've been waiting for ever and that happens all the time. Plus they dont take reservations so imagine waiting 20 mins for a table followed by about an hour for food people start getting antsy unless they are there for drinking primarily and not for food. 
So why am I giving it a 4 star?
Well the food, booze and atmosphere is greatThe Royal Tavern is pretty awesome. It is ridiculously nondescript from the outside but is so quaint and cozy inside. This tavern is tucked inside a converted row home on Passyunk amidst a very residential area (save for The Dive, a few doors down). It is a small space but is super lively every time I've been.
The service is good; some waitresses are a bit friendlier than others but the entire staff seems to be knowledgeable and to take their job seriously. The food is awesome as well. A portobello/arugula pizza special they had once was AMAZING. Really awesome bar fare mixed with interesting entrees and sandwiches. 
There are a ton of bar/restaurants within a few blocks of here but the Royal Tavern is BY FAR the best.
*One complaint: My boyfriend gets pick up from here at least once a week. One time he didn't tip, just left the change he was owed,  and the bartender threw the change back down on the bar angrily and told him to keep it. Having been a server for years, I know not to EXPECT a tip on take out orders. Also, my boyfriend had tipped this guy plenty of times before this. UNNECESSARY.This place is great. The food lives up to the hype. Burger, meatloaf sandwich, fish and chips, Indian chicken sandwich are all amazing. The have great specials for brunch and dinner. I seriously doubt you could get a bad dish here  bar is small and tables are hard to come by. Well worth the wait.Hidden gem! Good beers on tap and even better food menu. Went for happy hour, I ordered tacos from their daily special menu and my husband got a burger. Both entrees were great! Happy hour food specials would be nice, as they only offer drink specials, but then again, their food is better than your average "bar food."Great Burgers!!! Went there this past weekend and hear great things on there burgers and wings. The rumors are true. Had the wings and burger and walk out a happy and full man. Great flavors of wings and the burger was really fresh. Can't wait to go back and see what else is on the menu. Plus our server was fast and on top of his game, with the drinks.I've been to the Royal a few times, but my recent Fourth of July breakfast over there finally encouraged me to come and yelp about this remarkable discovery.
I am a vegetarian and was thus excited to see a plethora of options on their breakfast menu.  I ordered a bagel with fried egg and veggie sausage on it.  I was expecting a glorified egg mcmuffin, but out came this massive bagel oozing with fresh cheese and well-prepared eggs.  It was simply awesome.  If you're a vegetarian, there's no better place for breakfast.
Oh, and the best part is that you can even wash it down with some alcohol.  I had a mimosa and it really hit the sport.
The only negative I could find is that the service is a tad slow.  But, the staff are super nice and when the food is this good, it's worth the wait.  Besides, good music is usually being played. (Especially if you're into the whole indie rock thing)
**EDIT/UPDATE**
Royal Tavern, I love you, but please don't ever serve your "tomato and lager soup" ever again.  It seemed like an awesome idea because I like imaginative dishes.  But, a peanut butter and vinegar sandwich is also imaginative, but I'm sure it would taste just as awful as the tomato and lager soup.  -- A public service announcement to my fellow yelpsters who enjoy the tavern.Sorry Royal, but you're probably the most overrated restaurant on Passy Ave.  I think you're prone to the same disease that the Cantina has, which is unfortunate.  
Don't bother eating here if it's busy.  Fill up on their wonderful selections of beer instead.I absolutely love it here. The atmosphere is perfect and the weight staff is always very friendly. A bit pricey but well worth it. In my opinion they have one of the best burgers around. However, my favorite item on the menu is the chicken sandwich.  Amazing. They also have an excellent drink selection. I haven't been to brunch here yet but I hear great things.After years of patronage, myself and friends had one really negative experience with a server at Royal.  I am thrilled to say that the Manager, Josyln, went out of her way to make up for the experience and we were beyond appreciative.  
I think it is a true testament to the character of a business as successful and popular as the Royal Tavern to make such an effort to retain customers and so graciously.
And thank god it went the way it did because none of us wanted to say goodbye to brunch at Royal or the nachos.
Thank you Josyln for going above and beyond and to Royal for being consistently wonderful.  I am proud and my tastebuds are thrilled to support such a wonderful local business.When asked what I wanted for my birthday dinner from my friends, I replied "I want a burger."  So it was with that simple statement that we ended up at Royal Tavern this weekend.  
We arrived around 7:30 and found the place not as packed as I expected, so we were seated right away.  Our waiter seemed a little distant at first, but warmed up to us by the end of the meal.  We ordered drinks and as a non-beer drinker I was pleasantly surprised by their wine list.  I got a nice Cabernet to go with my burger.  
We ordered two plates of the wing sampler for the table and even though I said I was only going to eat one, I ended up eating four because they were THAT good.  The mango habanero was by far my favorite, with their buffalo coming in second and the BBQ coming in third (give me heat and more heat with my wings).  
For my dinner, I got the burger without the mayo (because yuck) and a side of mac and cheese.  I was a little bummed I couldn't substitute the mac and cheese for the fries so instead ended up with both.  I didn't enjoy their fries at all, but it wasn't anything I could put my finger on, I just didn't like them.  The macaroni and cheese was a little on the drier side but very tasty.  I did feel like it needed a touch of salt as well.  The burger was sublime, though, and exactly what I wanted for my birthday dinner.  
They brought out a plate of bread pudding with (thankfully only one) birthday candle in it as my friends sang to me.  I guess it's a necessity for your friends to publicly embarrass you on your birthday.  Great night, great meal, and I'll be back for more of those wings.I feel a bit guilty writing this review -- all of my friends' reviews of Royal are 4 and 5 stars... but those reviews are also from 2010 and before. The truth is, we don't eat here often anymore and up until this past Wednesday night, it still held a somewhat positive place in my memory.
I ordered the chicken fried steak. The chicken was dense and lifeless. The gravy unremarkable. The mashed potatoes had a hot kick but not much else afterward. My friend got the burger special and was underwhelmed -- most notably his tots were overflowing with oil. My other friend's taco special was bland and unremarkable.
If the dishes were inexpensive, I would have been more forgiving, but getting the check added insult to injury. We'll likely not come back for food again... but we won't be missed. The place was as packed as ever.This is a great go to place for gastropub fare. Dare I say, may favorite in the south Philly type area. 
The grilled cheese at this place is the best damn grilled cheese on the planet and I will fight anyone who disagrees. They always have specials that sound amazing (although I pretty much always order the grilled cheese). I don't know a single person that doesn't like this place. The bottle list isn't the greatest and slightly overpriced compared to other bar/restaurants...but that's never deterred me from going there. The jukebox is also really decent, and fun to look through if you ever have to wait for a table. Additionally, their brunch is awesome. My favorite is the burrito. 
I prefer going here in the cooler months, simply because its pretty dark inside....and I hate the idea of people in dark places when it's sunny and nice outside. 
Did I mention that the grilled cheese is seriously fucking good? OK, that is all.Salad was not as described (where was the advertised cheese? bacon? surprise unmentioned grapefruit segments don't make up for those lacking components, y'all!) and boyfriend's chicken and brie sandwich fair at best.  At least the fries/beverages were decent.Like just about everyone else who posted, I agree that the burger here is top notch.  And the rest of the food I've tried here is great too.  The only thing I would change is to expand the beer selection.  Otherwise, I'm thrilled to live a couple of blocks away from the Royal.Came in for the weekend from Brooklyn looking for a fun dive bar with late night food. Stayed for the Incredible, knowledgeable service at every interaction, and AMAZING duck confit potato skins. Unreal. The burger is great and spicy as hell. The special included a short rib grilled cheese that did not disappoint. Long craft beer list and good prices I'm glad I stopped in and would do so again. Yum.Great relaxed local spot!  Great wings! Three flavors!  The burger is very good, but I don't know that it lives up to all the hype.  Great veggie and vegan dishes. The staff were really friendly, but a but understaffed, so kinda slow.I heard that Royal Tavern won the best vegan cheesesteak contest in Philadelphia so I had to check it out. I'm very loyal to Blackbird, and I wasn't expecting the $14 Royal Tavern version to be better. WELL IT IS. It's very very authentic. Finally someone took a traditional cheesesteak recipe and swapped out the meat and cheese for seitan and daiya. You can tell they use soybean oil! The roll is fantastic. It's soft, just like it should be! It's worth every penny and waiting in line to be seated. I only asked them to hold the mushrooms. Not my thing on a cheesesteak.
This is coming from a lifelong Philadelphian who spent his first 15+ years dining on real philly cheesesteaks and the next 15+ years settling for "just ok" vegan versions. This is the real deal!
(I'll still be more of a regular at blackbird than royal tavern because it's closer and i love blackbird's vegan pizza and wings.)I went to Royal Tavern for lunch on a Sunday afternoon with two friends. One of my friends got the meatloaf sandwich which he very much enjoyed. My other friend got nachos - yay for fresh jalapeños! She asked our waitress for extra sour cream and was brought out a small mountain of it, no extra charge. I got the tofu and tempeh hash (vegan) and loved it. Pan seared tofu, steamed tempeh with fresh roasted tomatoes and sauteed spinach and mushrooms, no filler junk like onions and peppers! However, the menu had said 'breakfast potatoes' of which I had none, the side of toast, while being good bread, was just dry toast, and the hash itself was just a bit on the oily side for me. Very yummy though, and FRESH, which I really appreciated. The plate sizes were also very good: we all finished our meals pleasantly full and not stuffed. 
The ambiance was a typical sort of tavern-y bar feel, dim lighting, high tabletops, overall pretty cozy. Our waitress was super cool, what with the extra sour cream and not even getting annoyed when one of my friends paid with a handful of one dollar coins. Service was also pretty fast, even though the place was packed. I'd definitely like to go back here at dinner to try one of their craft beers and something else on the menu. They had several other vegan options I was very enticed by: vegan sloppy joe, vegan cheesesteak, and a vegan mushroom burger that sounded very exciting!Royal Tavern is the kind of place where you really don't care that the waitress politely, even cautiously, just asked if you would leave so she can sit a waiting party of eight. This was after paying, of course. And staying more than two hours. So when she asked, we immediately put on our coats and headed for the door. Despite loving Sabrina's for brunch just like everyone else, Royal Tavern has them beat with its bar--and insanely good bloody marys. I've taken my Jersey-living parents here, chain-restaurant loyalists that they are, and I could even see that they thought this place was a find. So what to get: The burger is a winner, as is the chicken sandwich with proscuitto, apples, gorgonzola and lavendar honey mustard on a toasted bread of some sort. The wings are decadent, slathered with sauce and pack some heat. The wine list is surprisingly filled out but most of the food here stands up better with a beer. Order several but, please, smile and grab your stuff when the waitress asks you for the table back.My favorite neighborhood spot with great drafts, awesome brunch, and tasty vegan and vegetarian options for brunch and dinner.I absolutely love this place!  I came here last weekend for brunch with 2 of my girlfriends and we had such a great time... The Bloody Mary's are sooo good and the staff is very attentive and sweet.  I will definitely be coming back for more brunches in the future.When you see over 500 reviews and 4 stars, you expect good things. We stopped by Royal Tavern for dinner and drinks yesterday (a Thursday night) and it was a great time. We finished off the wing samplers as an appetizer. Great sauces, 3 different flavors to try and they were all very good. The wings were very hot (temp) as well, all the food was very hot. It nice knowing your food did not sit around for a long time! For dinner we had the Angus beef burger and chicken sandwich based on the review here, neither one disappointed. I favored the chicken sandwich but just a little bit over the burger, you would be very happy with either or. Good beer list, good wine list. 
The thing that stuck out the most was the service, our waiter (Brian) was awesome! When we first got there it wasn't that busy and he talked to us about the area since we just moved in. By the end of our meal, the place was full but Brian still provided great service. Ambiance & atmosphere were also very nice. There is something about the restaurants with great Vegan menus also having great meat dishes in Philly. Royal Tavern & Sabrinas both have awesome vegan menus, yet they have the best meat dishes we have had so far. We will be back for sure!The food is really good, specifically their awesome grilled cheese sandwiches, but two poor beer-related experiences force me to limit them to 3 stars.
While the tap selection/rotation is an admirable one, I've twice had to switch to bottled selections because the beer on tap just tasted "wrong" all around.  On the warm side, on the flat side, and with a bit of a funkiness in the taste that probably points to tap lines in need of a good flushing.  
The two occasions where this happened to me were weeks apart and involved completely different beers, not only the ones I ordered but the ones ordered by my companion.  Possibly coincidence/bad luck I guess, but bordering on systemic and inexcusable for a Philly "craft beer" bar regardless.  Additionally, when I pointed this out to the bartenders I was given "the eye" rather than the benefit of the doubt.Very good gastropub!  Try the burger and sloppy joe sandwich. Great beer selection. 
Sometimes can be really busy, loud and tough to get a table.Royal Tavern is the winner of the Best Vegan Cheesesteak Contest 2015, so obviously, the day after the contest, we had to go check it out. And yes, there is no question, it is the clear winner. 
I love the way they slice their seitan a little thicker (their seitan is supplied by Blackbird, the 2014 winner, so it was interesting to see how they prepare it differently), but what really won me over was the bread. Perfect soft texture and amazing flavor, the perfect compliment to everything going on inside the sandwich. 
They were crazy busy last night, but the service was still excellent. Case in point: there were 3 of us & we each wanted our cheesesteaks prepared differently. Ed C ordered his as is (with onions & mushrooms) but changed his side to tater tots (love their tots, by the way).  Jay D ordered his with no mushrooms. I ordered mine with no onions. Happily, they got all of our orders perfect!
I also loved their fries--both on my sandwich (if you've never done this, you need to) and alone. Highly recommend! Go get yourself the winningest vegan cheesesteak in Philly! I promise, even meat eaters will not be disappointed!This was an unexpected gem we found!  We had plans to have Philly Cheesesteaks at Jim's on South Street.  The line was SO long, we ended up at the Royal Tavern.  This is definitely a neighborhood gem!  My husband had the vegetarian version of the vegan cheese steak...best sandwich!  Service was great, fantastic neighborhood tavern!Lovely hangar steak and burgers, peaceful wood laden atmosphere and knowledgable bartenders. And when you're almost broke, you can just walk down to the Dive for PBRs.Went here for quick dinner and drink on a Friday about 6.  The atmosphere was nice. Mostly all couples of all different age groups. The lighting was very dark but after few minutes my eyes adjusted. There was only one tv so that tells me it's not a bar for sporting events.  
Started off dinner with some salt/ pepper calamari. It was very good especially with the two supping sauces. We both preferred burgers from a recommendation and Wow was it worth it. It was hands down one of the best burgers I've had. Smoked Gouda, bacon, pickled long hots, and a tangy mayo. It was awesome. I was so impressed by this burger I may have told five people in 24 hrs.  They also had a nice selection of beers. Tap and especially bottle.  I had an IPA myself.  I will definitely be a repeat customer.  Staff was also friendly, welcoming and very efficient. Great job!!! Love it!!!!!!!!Found this bar through yelp looking for brunch while wandering around south Philly.  Wasn't sure whether what looked like a standard bar was even open as we walked in the door.... 
But the food was incredible!  I ordered the breakfast burrito and have never had a better one!  Smooth guacamole, spicy peppers, and sausage ignited my tastebuds and cured my hangover.  The coffee was also much better than average.  
I've been back a few times and have yet to be disappointed.  It may not look like much at first, but this place is truly a gem.Went here with my buddy for his birthday, he had been wanting to go back and I'd never been, so I was excited to try some of this great food he was talking about.  It's bar food at the end of the day, but it's not just bar food, it's the kind of foodie fuel Yelpers probably love, made with choice ingredients and served up in a pleasantly subtle, divey down-home atmosphere.
FIRST IMPRESSIONS:
This place is more well hidden than Waldo playing hide-n-seek at the Super Bowl...ok that's an exaggeration, but keep your eyes open for this place or you'll miss it.  The place feels really warm, dimly, intimately lit (ie. xmas lights).
THE FOOD/DRINKS:
We drank lagers, so there's not much to say about the drinks, other than that they are reasonably priced, and the bar looked to be full of fun possibilities.  I opted for their grilled cheese, which came with fries and a cup of their soup of the day (black bean), and a side of garlic spinach.  The grilled cheese was thick sliced texas toast, buttery and crispy, with three cheeses, I forget which they were but damn was it good.  Blackbean soup was a perfect dipping companion, with a few of what looked like handmade tortilla chips.  The spinach was garlicky, just like I like it, although I think it was a little thicker than I'd have preferred, if that makes sense.
THE SERVICE:
Down to earth, responsive (for the most part), and friendly.  Their laid-back demeanor matches the ambiance, without coming off as lazy or indignant.
THE PRICING:
Surprisingly reasonable.  I was expecting a bigger bill, paying for both of us since it was my friend's bday, that made things extra sweet.  I can definitely say that it factors into any future visit I'll be making there because I know I can explore the menu and enjoy something I know will be deliciously dope for less than other nearby spots.
THE BOTTOM LINE:
Check it out for sure, great for a laid back dinner, it's just pretty small and inconspicuous, so be ready for a comfortable, humble experience that won't hurt your wallet and reward your tastebuds generously.love to get there on sunday mornings drink a bloody mary (very spicy) and eat there great food. 
portions are on the small side, but I dont like to eat more than I can handle. 
quiche is excellent (changes every week) and comes w/ a small mixed green salad and great fresh fruit.
love this place, cause you can tell that everything is fresh.Have been hearing about Royal for months from various yelpers.  I finally made it there for brunch.  I went with the Breakfast Burrito, which is possibly my favorite breakfast food, but hard to find in Philly.  It really hit the spot, a huge burrito filled with eggs, cheese, and poblano peppers, with guac and pico on the side.  I only ate half so had a bonus dinner out of it.  I also tried the melon mimosa which was very refreshing.  I definitely have to get back to Royal for dinner.One of my absolute favorite bars. I've never had a less than amazing experience at the Royal.
Beer list- perfect, always dark ales & stouts on tap. 
Burgers-  the standard menu burger is juicy and wonderful, with bacon and long hots. A lot of times they offer special burgers (goat, kobe, etc.) which are great too.
Truffle popcorn?! yes!
The vinegar mayo dipping sauce for the fries is off the chain. I could drink it.
The jukebox is great and the service is always sweet as pie!
I really cannot gush enough about the Royal Tavern.I have been at Royal Tavern twice in the last month, once after getting rained out at Phillies game.  I forgot how much I like it there!  Hummus is great, the chicken curry snadwich (Chicken Frankie) is great, and my husband loves the popcorn.  We forgot how much we liked it,and we will be back quite soon.The "Royal Burger" is a hot item. If you don't believe me, steer over to the write up about it on Food Network, which calls it the best burger in the state. A more credible write up can be seen at A Hamburger Today. And if you still need more reading material, check Unbreaded. I needed to add myself to this laundry list of bloggers who have written about this famed burger.
I've been to the Royal a few times, and it's never struck me as a great place. The tap list is small, the prices aren't great ($9 for the burger is decent however), and the bar doesn't have much character. I went hoping the burger would be a reason to bring me in.
Before I finished my visit, I had another reason to avoid the Royal. I had the worst service I've experienced in Philadelphia in quite some time. Our drinks took far too long, as did the check. Empty glasses were left on our table, and I was brought the wrong beer. One or two of these may have been understandable, but the overall result was pretty poor.
I was dining with my friend Danny, and he ordered the chicken sandwich. He enjoyed it, but didn't really have too much to say, either. Nothing special. I was hoping that my burger would be something to rave about. On paper, it sounded fantastic: bacon, caramelized onions, smoked Gouda, pickled long hot peppers, and chili mayo.
The pickled long hot peppers had great taste, but they weren't strong enough to stand out with the rest of the flavors. That may be the problem with the burger; too many good flavors mixed together in a way that they just cover up each other.
The bun was thick and dense, and left a lot to be desired. I ordered medium rare, and it came out medium. The result was a dry burger, which wasn't even remedied by the chili mayo.  I was underwhelmed by the burger.
Bottom Line: Not the best burger in Philadelphia, or even South Philly. Poor service and a limited beer selection leave a lot to be desired. I haven't been for brunch in years, but I remember liking this spot. They have a lot of veggie options.  $17 for fish and chips is a complete joke.Great little local tavern. Decent beer selection and above average food. I had the Meatloaf Sandwich and Tater tots. Both delicious. Really hit the spot. The bartender was very attentive and service at the bar was great. Definitely would hit up again!I brought my mom here for dinner, the other night.  As we were leaving, my mom turned to me and said, "You know, it's really nice that you would bring your mom to a place with a whole bunch of couples on dates and not be embarrassed" I said, "Mom, don't be silly. You're my friend." (Because I'm a great daughter)  Then I added,  "Besides, the food is really good."
I really enjoy the Royal Tavern.  They have a decent selection of beers on tap which sometimes rotate. And the drinks are reasonably priced.
But it's the food that makes it worthwhile. I suggest that no matter what you get, you order a side of mac and cheese (for only $4, you might as well. You can always take it home).
They do get busy... but even at their busiest, I've never had a terribly hard time getting a table. However, regardless of whether or not they are busy, the food can take a while to come out of the kitchen. 
One more suggestion- don't bother ordering a mojito here unless you want a toothache and diabetic shock from all of the sugar syrup in the drink.
UPDATE- They got new locks on their toilettes! Green means go!came here without knowing what it was an fell in love. the bartender Mike was awesome. environment was great, laid back, good music, amazing popcorn !! very pleased it'll be my go to bar in my neighborhoodThis has become a weekend standard for my girlfriend and I. They have vegan and vegetarian on their standard menu and some nice specials. Their brunch service on Saturdays and Sundays is pretty good. Also their portions are pretty big for the price.I can't believe I have never reviewed this place because I have been having a love affair with the Royal for years. I'm in love with the grilled cheese, the mac and cheese, and the Caesar salad with the little polenta croutons. Their bloody mary cures what ails me. The food specials are usually delicious and the beer selection is great."The best burger in town." That's a pretty heavy statement. Yet there it is, just inside the front door, written on the dry erase-board in the cajoling spirit of a 19th Century huckster. It's just the kind of outrageous claim you'd expect from a cigar-chomping, bowler-wearing fellow with his thumbs stuck cavalierly beneath his suspenders. But unlike snake oil liniments, laudanum tinctures and most things from the Age of Quackery, this is real. 
It's not even up for debate. Royal has the best burger. The end. Believe me, I know insert-name-of-your-local-douchebag-gastropub-or-hip-diner has bread with locally harvested sesame seeds, beef from a vegan cow and cheese made by ecomentalists on the other side of the world. But all of that sucks. 
They also have a Bloody Mary that you can use to take oil stains off your driveway. It is the spiciest, pepperiest, horseradishiest thing known to man. I drank one and went the rest of the day wondering when something was going to go terribly wrong with my internal organs. I definitely recommend it.I always find it amusing that as I am walking to the Royal Tavern, I can always pick out the other people on the street that are also going to the Royal Tavern.  This place definitely attracts a certain type of person, and that type of person is a hipster.  I don't mind all the hipsters, but it is good to know what you are getting into. The one downside to this type of crowd, however, is that there is way too much indie rock going on, and it is way too loud.
Regardless of the hipness of the scene, this place may have the best bar food in the city.  Even things that don't sound like anything special, like the meatloaf sandwich, are outstanding.  And the specials, which of course do sound like something special, are usually outstanding as well.
They are vegetarian and vegan friendly, too, so it is the perfect place to take your hipster buddy from Brooklyn to make Philly look cool.let me just state right off the bat that the 5 stars are for the tempeh club.  it is hands down the best (vegan) sandwich in philadelphia, maybe the world, and i would probably choose it as my last meal on earth.  i go here fairly often and always get it.  sometimes i am embarrassed when i have the same server each time i go because it feels like they know exactly what i'm going to order.  i've had the tofu/tempeh hash and their hummus plate (sans feta) before--and they're both excellent--but they don't compare to the tempeh club.  but most things don't.  sometimes i want to order the other vegan options because they all look delicious, but i just can't bring myself to.
as for the service, it's pretty hit or miss, although it's usually hit.  i've had more positive experiences than negative ones, but i have had two memorably rude servers who almost kept me from my beloved tempeh club.  however, there's one server (whose name i forget) who is just sweet as pie, and lots of the other servers seem great too.Solid burger and solid beer list. 
Beautiful bar. I wonder if the ceiling is really tin?
Definitely on my short list for best burger in Philadelphia. I am not sure if it is the best but in the top 3 for sure. 
Go eat, drink and enjoy yourself.We first tried this place after Little Fish sent us here because they felt bad that we had to wait for our table. Loved it the first time and we have loved it again and again.  Great selection of beers. They have PBR in bottles!  Plus a variety of Belgium beers.  The mango habanero wings rocked!! Sweet and spicy. Also try the old bay fries. I'm dying to try more things on the menu.  I'll be back!VEGAN SLOPPY JOES! And sweet potato banh mi. And vegan onion rings. And a delightful peach cocktail and microbrews that make the 'gent happy. My lady beverage/vegan dreams come true.I love this place for Sunday brunch. I bring both children and staff, though always busy, are attentive and fun. The food is always great and what a selection! 
In my next life I want to go here at night like a grown up!Not a place one would expect great vegetarian dish but "all" can enjoy a wonderful experience!  A must!Best bloody mary in the city, and that I've ever had in my life. Love royal tavern. best tempeh club sandwich too!MEATLOAF SANDWICH and a Rogue Chocolate Stout for $15? Im in heaven. Go check this place out.
Likes- Creative, well thought out new wave bar food. Lots of vegan and vegetarian options. Quality beers on tap and bottles. Classic and well maintained interior. I love tin roofs! PRICE PRICE PRICE!!!!
Dislikes- Music a bit loud for 1 pm on a Sunday (not nice with a hangover). Its not in Ithaca NY!
I just saw that Royal Tavern was featured in Food Network Magazine's of 50 Best Burgers in 50 States in the June/July 2009 issue. Awesome burgers, great job!This place made me smile :)
First off, the vibe and decor of this place is really chill. Diggin' the christmas lights ;) Jukebox is a + too. It was a small place, nice bar (good beer selection). Service was speedy and very friendly!
The menu was really, really cool. Very creative. A LOT of vegan and vegetarian options. But also some really tasty sounding meat-eater options too :D When you first walk into the place, a sign says "Best burger in Philly!" So naturally my boyfriend and I had to try their burger out. It was GOOOOD. The peppers on top were too spicey for me, so I took them off. But other than that... the burger was perfect. The fixings, patty, and bun all rocked. It was a party in my mouth :) Very savory and flavorful. It comes with fries and pickle... can't go wrong there. But what really won my heart... I was able to substitute the fries for tater tots!
We shared the mac & cheese. I take my mac & cheese very seriously, my favorite comfort food... I was so upset! It was pretty cold and extremely bland. It didn't taste horrible, the texture was nice. But it was nothing to really brag about... So that made me sad...
For dessert, we split the "Death by Chocolate". As a chocoholic, I approve. It was so rich we couldn't even finish it! That was a first ;)
I'll definitely go back. Especially to bring my vegetation friends. Those vegetarian/vegan options looked good...Great spot on East Passyunk. Had space for four on a busy Saturday night around 8:00/8:30. Service was excellent, and didn't bat an eye when the table all ordered sodas (I don't drink, but my friends normally do so - you can imagine my surprise when no one ordered anything off the very inviting beer list, but they didn't give us an eye-roll or anything). 
Food was strong, though rib grilled cheeses were a touch too greasy. My burger was delicious as always. 
The restaurant could use a little more air flow throughout. I love the darkness but the stagnant summer air isn't as charming.Like this spot for dinner and drinks because it's so close to home. Though we usually do have to wait for a table (when some are empty?) the drinks are inexpensive and the beer selection is niceExcellent food, music, and atmosphere. Good local/neighborhood feel, and has good edge.
One of the waitresses will tackle you if you mistakenly try to head downstairs assuming the bathroom is there...meth lab? :)We ordered take-out from this restaurant on Sunday, Sept 11th.  We ordered at about 9pm and the food was ready very promptly in less than 15 minutes.  Between the four people we ordered many things including the Caesar Salad, Duck Confit Potato Skins, Meatloaf Sandwich and more.  
Everything we ordered we enjoyed thoroughly, particularly the Potato Skins.  Yum!  
We would return to this place again.  A lot of times people say that "take out" food is not as good as food as you would get directly at the restaurant.  Therefore, I am ready and willing to try it again in the future.This is a solid neighborhood bar.  I've gone here for dinner and drinks a couple of times and I will definitely be returning.  They have solid bar options and great food - lots of vegetarian and vegan options.  My first time there, the service was a little slow, but the food was worth the wait.  I got the grilled sweet potato banh mi, which was delicious, and came with fries that were also delicious.  My second time there, the service was much faster, so I assume the first time was just a fluke.  I got a vegan cheese steak off the specials menu on the chalk board.  I have had vegan cheese steaks before that were really good, but this was terrible.  It was basically just chopped up mushrooms (I hate mushrooms) in a hoagie bun with three slivers of green pepper.  Next time, I will ask what something is made of before ordering it.  I am excited to try the vegan sloppy joe next time!Hands down the best burger in Philadelphia, probably all of PA.  Blows Shake Shack, Village Whiskey, and all these novelty burger shops that are popping up out of the water.  It's a little off the beaten path, but totally worth it.I WANT TO EAT HERE EVERYDAY!
Vegan Beef Nachos v. Tempeh Club!
zesty chips, vegan beef, pico, cheese, sour cream, guacamole and jalapenos! The vegan beef is perfect on this, like it's scary how perfect it is.
v.
bangin' bread, grilled tempeh, vegan bacon, lettuce, tomato, basil aioli! I'm pretty sold on the basil aioli. This also comes with fries that are served with malt mayo, I'm a tad hesitant to dip fries in mayo but not here.
(This is a good setting for a first date)Close out the place a Saturday night, come back on a hazy Sunday morning to bite the dog, or chase a dog's hair, or ... whatever ... just get a Bloody Mary. Because these robust, horseradish-y, spicy glasses of boozy love are -- and I do NOT say this lightly -- the best I have sampled in Philadelphia. Standard breakfast fare is well prepared and makes the perfect and hearty accompaniment for your AM drink-on. 
Regarding dinner: The burger's vaunting is much-warranted, I bet. But don't sleep on the the vegan and veg options, which far surpass your standard begrudging veg-friendly offer of the generic and ubiquitous Sysco "veggie burger." Royal T don't play that! 
Can you say "Tempeh Club?" Seriously, try it. (Really, it's not that hard to say). Then you can EAT it.  Tasty fake bacon, basil aioli ... as an aside, when do we get to start saying "mayonnaise" again? It's delish. Go ahead, get it with a side of tater tots. You've been good! After all, you are getting the veg option. You deserve it.  Make sure your dining mate orders the fries with malt vinegar mayo, so you can steal them. 
For real: You had me at Vegan Sloppy Joe.The food was delicious however service was incredibly slow. Our server was overwhelmed, it took thirty minutes to get a cup of coffee n when we received it we had no cream, sugar or spoons.Great burger and drinks! Family friendly bar! One of the best burgers that I had in Philly.Yum, yum, yum. My boyfriend says that they have one of the best burgers he's ever tried (while I think it's great, it's not my favorite thing on the menu), but I'm a huge fan of their grilled cheese and tomato soup. If you want (or, probably need), the best hangover food in the world, there it is. 
It's a great neighborhood spot, a little small and crowded, but it works. A solid draft list and good bottle list make it a good go-to place to grab a beer. And I can't keep my hands out of their bags of Parmesan popcorn!This place is very...meh.
The food wasn't terrible but at the same time it wasn't all that amazing. 
I had the mango habanero wings and they were okay, A little bit of a weird aftertaste to me. I also got the Caesar salad which was pretty nasty. I got a pomegranate sangria that tasted like Fruity water and my date got the Long Island that he said was just OK. 
I suppose if you get other things like the burger, grilled cheese sandwich, or one of their select beers it will be a better experience for you. Not sure if I'll come back because nothing stood outMe and Royal Tavern are going to be BFFs 4EvR!  Having more than one vegetarian thing on the menu really tests my decision making skills and everything looked so good.  
I got the tempeh club (like a BLT for vegans, akin to Mugshot's awesome vegan BLT).  Anyway it was so good I almost didn't want to eat it.  You know when you're reading a really great book and you keep saving the last few pages b/c you don't want it to end?  It was like that.  Also got the grilled stuffed grape leaves - wow, I never ate them warm before and now I wonder why.  The gentleman had the burger and he did say it was one of his all time favorites.
Hi, La Chouffe, I love you!  Duvel?  Yes.  Too many great beers to remember or name. 
And everyone in there is nice. 
Oh Royal, Ima eat every veggie thing on your menu some day.Royal Tavern straight sucks. In all of my years living in Philly and trying all sorts of spots, I have never been treated by staff so poorly, and so insulted. I went with my boyfriend and another couple, our best friends, after a surprise party, because none of us felt like partying hard with drinking or doing the center city bar scene, but wanted a chill drink and some midnight snacks. A friend parked right around the corner, since she lives a block away, and we first tried the ever-friendly and divey 'Dive bar', but turns out they don't serve any food, so we turned around to try the Tavern. My girl friend and I walked in first and as we were lookign around for a spot, we turned behind us to see her boyfriend being cornered into the wall by one of the bouncers. Before we knew it, andother bartender was in our faces telling us to get out. They had apparently been 'watching us from the window and saw (us) get thrown out of the Dive'. That was pretty funny, as we parked right in front of the Dive, walked in, asked about the food sitch, and then turned right around. When I asked the bartender for please explaining why they wouldn't serve us, he retorted 'Uh cause I said so, how about that!' Since it was midnight of April Fools day, we thought for SURE they were messing with us. Never in my life could I imagine that type of treatment or 'flagging' without even speaking to us. If they had spoken to us first, they would have seen they were seriously mistaken and silly for treating potential customers in such an agressive manner. We were humiliated in front of their patrons. We ended up getting beers at the Dive and talked shit on RT with the Dive bartenders for the rest of the night, as their local patrons joined in passionately. Oh, also for its location, it is completely overpriced and pretentious. The Dive 1, Royal Tavern 0.I like it here. More low key not as crowded as the other places I always go to. I like it because it's a little more mellow. The food has been good every time and the girls are really nice every time I go in. Check it out if you've never been. They always have good salads. Oh and I like the music too.This is one of those 'best of genre' places, where the genre is neighborhood pub with comforting, tasty food and casual, friendly service. When I come to town, if we're anywhere in the vicinity, this is my go to restaurant. I usually prefer trying new places when I travel, but something about this place has drawn me in and made me want to keep coming back. It's not fancy, it's not crazy inventive, it's just just what I want sometimes. There are enough veg options to keep things interesting for the husband, the fries are excellent, the specials change regularly and the ones I've tried have been on, and I love the duckfat popcorn when it's around.I have the occasion to travel through Philly periodically. When I'm not Philly, I dream of the Royal Tavern burger. No joke. It's that good.
I can't really vouch for anything else... but the burger is perfection.Myself, Dining Partner, and another friend arrived at Royal Tavern around 7:30 on a Saturday. We sat at the bar while we waited for 3 other friends to arrive. The place was very crowded, we knew they didn't take reservations but we managed to score a table for 6 in about 20 minutes. Our table was ready and our three friends were still missing for another 5 minutes, but the kind people at Royal Tavern let us sit with a partial party. Woo!
Unfortunately due to service and some odd flavors, I'd give Royal Tavern 2.5 stars if I could. Our server Brian was nice, but was clearly in the weeds. We had to ask him if there were any specials before we ordered. Where we were seated we couldn't see that they were posted behind us down the other end of the restaurant and there were no specials on a paper menu. He was kind enough to read them to us. After placing our order we waited quite a while for our food, which came out bit by bit. I ordered a beer as we were ordering food and never received it. After waiting a while for our food and about 15 minutes into eating it Brian returned to see how everything was. I reminded him about the missing beer and he apologized, but I knew I wouldn't be ordering anything else for the night. Three people ordered the angus burger, which they all devoured. Dining Partner had the special of chicken chipotle tacos which were also very good. Another friend had the wing sampler, which went almost untouched. My chipotle barbeque wings were sweet and oddly covered with some green thing. Not really the flavor I was hoping for. I hate when restaurants feel the need to make ordinary food fancy. Was it a nut? Good thing I don't have an allergy because it wasn't listed on the menu. The one thing I would come back for is the Mac and Cheese which is 5 star in itself! I would recommend coming here to try the mac and cheese, but at a less busy time.A dark wooden abyss. And that's a good thing. get there early cuz it gets packed. went about 730 on a friday and got one of the last remaining tables without a wait. the wings are amazing. i'm thinking of them now. plus we got a bonus order for free because we were brought someone else's order first by mistake. one's gain is another's tragedy. good selection of beer on tap. a jukebox. bar stools are limited. this place is small. lots of menu choices. i'm going back soon. Prices aren't really that bad. A bargain nearly.If reviewing the Royal Tavern by food only, I definitely would have given it 5 stars. However, we were extremely disappointed with the service. Our waiter was quite cold and it took forever for our food to come out.  With that said, we would still definitely go back. The Tavern has some great beers on draft. The food was excellent! For our entrees, we split the burger and the wing sampler, with a side of baked beans. All three were very tasty. The sauces for the wings couldn't have been better and the burger was one of the best we've had.  Even the baked beans were exceptional.
We went a little early (around 6pm) on a Saturday and did not have to wait for a table, but by the time we left, it appeared to be very crowded.
All in all, we will be back for sure (with the hopes that we get a different server).My friends always raving about this place for brunch so I'll probably need to come back at some point but we ended up here more midafternoon.  The place was packed but we got lucky enough to snag a seat from some people leaving, score since she insisted we order the Nachos which were awesome.  But defiantly something you need a seat to eat, or at least a good table space, some people were standing.  Very busy place but if you hit it right its great.spoiled by the royal. yup, that's what i am. see, i've tasted the liquid magic that is the royal bloody, and all bloody marys i've had since have in turn been the recipients of such remarks as "it's good, but not royal good."
bloodys are a relatively new thing for me, and i don't claim to be an expert on what they should or shouldn't taste like, tho i will say i enjoy the super spiciness (including the spicy pickle garnish) and overall consistency (thick & chunky, in a good way). not sure what vodka they use, but they're definitely not skimping on that key ingredient!
along with my bloodys, i often (but not always...) order brunch. the breakfast burrito is a personal fave (also, HUGE) and i recently enjoyed the tater tot scramble as well. eggs + tots + cheese + caramelized onions + chipotle cream sauce = awesomeness. and, as the queen, i would know. the royal is also one of the few places in philly that offers vegetarian sausage (and fakon) which, at 3 bucks for 3 patties, i can't pass up. 
so far i've only made it to the royal once for dinner (shame on me), but it's only a matter of time before i'm back for more of their veggie offerings - as they offer so many! the vegan sloppy joe rocked my flavor world and while i'd be tempted to order it again, i wanna try the tempeh club, the grilled cheese, the hummus platter, and so much more. 
oh wait - i did also get to taste the royal's take on the vietnamese hoagie at our last elite event where they provided their sweet potato banh mi. me want more!!This place is great, I've come here for brunch, lunch and dinner. (Highly recommend the burger) Drinks are always good, staff is always laid back and nice. My go to when I just want to relax, eat and drink.I was with my vegitarian friend so we split some veggie apps and ordered a salad. Everything was really good. Wish i would have ordered a burger though, because they looked SO good. 
Don't waste your time on the bacon bloody. Their regular bloody, is bigger, stronger, and one of the best i've ever had.Hey Royal Tavern! Guess who moved to just around the corner?
My name's Tom. I grew up nearby, and I work at UPenn. I'm 27, I love music, homebrewing and my girlfriend. And you might not have noticed me during these two short visits I've paid you in the last few weeks... but believe me, I noticed you.
Your decent tap list, bereft of anything not truly brewed with love and pride, is a great start. Your bottle list is even more impressive, something I'm going to have to get to know a little better about you. And your food - oh man, you made my vegetarian sister swoon like a drunk with just a hummus plate and some nachos. A co-worker of mine tells me that when she had your burger for the first time, she cried a little bit, it was so good. But don't worry, I'll be the judge of that soon enough.
Humphrey said it best - this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
See ya real soon,
-Tom S.I like it a lot, but it has been hit or miss. The burgers are great across the board as well as some other pub standards like their wings. It's when they get "creative" that things get dicey. 
Interesting pasta dishes they have down, while things like duck confit potato skins, or some of their chicken sandwich specials are total misses. 
I like it for a casual and different date spot, but it's also great for small groups.Nice, quaint spot. Angus burger was delicious, super spicy, but a solid choice. Girlfriend got the vegan cheesesteak, pretty tasty and impressive sandwich for a vegan option, however not as seasoned as a regular cheesesteak (probably due to sauces not being vegan). Atmosphere was laid back and nice however was kind of a poorly lit restaurant. Service was nothing extraordinary but pretty good and nice people (we may have just got unlucky with not the greatest server there). Overall good experience and has some sweet vegan options. Would definitely go back!I love the Royal....but seriously....why did they change the Meatloaf sandwhich?!?!?  PLEASE BRING BACK THE OLD RECIPE......and the Cubano Spring Rolls!!!There's something special about the Royal Tavern.  It's dimly lit, and they have a single strand of holiday lights that seems to stay up all year long.  The bar is gorgeous, too.  It must be original to the building.  
I've been there several times, and the food is very consistent, and very good.  I am a fan of the hummus platter, however, it's too big for just one person.  They have a fantastic grilled cheese sandwich, too.  I'm a grilled cheese sandwich snob, so trust me when I say it's awesome.  If you're used to American cheese, however, then you won't like this sandwich.  They use different cheeses, such as provolone and gruyere.  Delish!  If you're looking for comfort food, and grilled cheese isn't your thing, then maybe you'll enjoy the mac and cheese.  
The beer selection is pretty awesome, as well.  They carry different types of brews, ranging from local microbrews, to Belgian delights.  If you have a more "refined" palate for beer, you'll be happy at the Royal.Love this place. Love the simple laid back atmosphere and staff is very friendly. The menu has options for vegans and meat eaters alike. I've gotten the temphe club twice now and it does not disappoint. Took my mom here and she got the burger and said it was the best burger she has ever had. Looking forward to going back.Great spot for whatever you are looking for, food beer and atomsphere! Jukebox is killer. Walking in has that calming effect one seeks regularly and can quite capture - except here. Menu specials are always changing but it remains consistent in delivering. In fact while writing this it seems a good idea to go, burger.Best grilled chicken sandwich in the city. I find myself craving it.
It's a little loud for a conversation between a couple, and the food takes a little while to get to you, but the taste makes up for it. I agree that it's not as divey as you think it will be, but that's obviously not a bad thing. The staff is all right, nothing to rave about, but they obviously get their jobs done.
I think it's worth going there for a good meal.Ah, Royal Tavern. The perfect place to nurse a hangover with a bloody mary. Personally, I find them to be the best in the city, so usually, one does not suffice. 
I often frequent this place for brunch. If I don't feel like trying someplace new, the Royal is a go-to spot. Some of their classics are the grilled cheese- three cheeses and fries priced right at $7- and mac and cheese. Yesterday I tried for the first time the Jersey tomato salad and it was delectable. I ordered fries because I was afraid the salad world leave me a little hungry. I was wrong. The salad was adorned with two tomato slices bigger than my palms (and I have big hands). The bibb lettuce was perfect in this salad, it was soft as compared to a crunchier lettuce, it was perfect with the savory flavor of the tomato and salt.
Generally speaking, the Royal is usually crowded with good reason. The happy hour is good too, half priced drinks. Yay!I checked my review from a few years ago before returning and was embarrassed at how much of it was devoted to their popcorn. 
I was coming specifically for that burger this time (but would get the popcorn too).
I came hungry and I swear I could smell burger a block away.
The place is as cool as ever, with a great beer list. I'm not sure which I ordered but it wasn't my usual stout or porter. It almost looked like an ipa but I really enjoyed it.
I'm sad to report that the popcorn is no longer on the menu (at least not on that day) but it's probably for the best because now I could concentrate on the burger.
I actually shared some wings with my compadres and they were good but the burger is the show stopper here. Dear lord it is good. We marveled at the long hot on top and had a comical moment where we all bit into the hotspot at the same time. It was like Dumb and Dumber up on there!
The burger was better than I remember. I was glad I was sober enough and hungry enough to really enjoy it. Popcorn be dammed! Top 5 burger in Philly!Royal Tavern is situated a bit further north from the hustle and bustle of the usual Passyunk Ave spots, but it's totally worth the trip past Washington Ave. 
Ambience: has all the hallmarks of an old school dive bar; great jukebox selection, dim lighting, cool accent pieces. It's pretty no frills in the decor department. 
Service: this is the only thing that can be a little lax about this place. Often, there aren't many servers on duty and the wait for service can be a little lengthy. Not recommended if you're in a hurry. It's he only things dropping a star from this place for me. 
Alcohol/Beer selection: full bar and many awesome beers on tap and in bottles. Great beer selection. 
Food: this is where Royal Tavern truly shines. They have an interesting take on the usual pub food, they make some of THE best burgers in Philadelphia. Period. The last time we visited they had a fish and chips as a special and it was AMAZING. They also have many vegetarian options, which is great for my wife. The food is exceptional, always. 
I recommend this place as a sturdy pub with some great beer and eats.vegan sloppy joe could have used more sauce buttttt......
$2.25 beers during happy hour makes for a happy lass!  
cant find great deals like that in ny!My first visit, and I would definitely go back!  My neice who is 22 was in town, and my husband I,along with a good friend decided to check this place out - and I will say all four of us were impressed with the food, and the drinks!  
What a positive experience for all four of us.  I had the salsa and chips, which were very unique in their taste!, My friend had the grilled cheese which looked so good and guey!  My husband had the tilapie taco which sounded awful to me but I had a bite of his taco and was soooo impressed.  I wished I had ordered that!
I suggest you give it a try.Completely laid back place.  Amazing menu with tons of vegetarian and vegan options.  I definitely plan on visiting this place more often.Had a few drinks with friends here last week and loved the vibe. Was really packed but managed to grab two stools at the bar. Beer selection is great in bottle but a little weak on tap, so that is a good opportunity for improvement.Royal is one of the best places to go after a long work week and relax with some drinks and great food. My husband and I have been coming here since we started dating, and it continues to be one of our favorite little date spots. I have been a vegetarian for about 9 years now, and he is a devoted carnivore so its great we can both find things we love on the menu. The drinks are good and strong and the beer list is always awesome as well. The jukebox always has a fun selection and the crowd is usually packed in but having a great time.